speaker_heading: MUMMY IIT
dialog: by
dialog: Alfred Gough & Miles Millar
dialog: Sommers Company Second Draft
dialog: Alphaville August 19, 2005
text: NOTE: Dialogue in italics is in Chinese with English subtitles.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: THE UNIVERSAL PICTURES GLOBE
text: morphs into a glinting red sphere. PULL BACK TO REVEAL it’s
text: the eye of a malevolent-looking dragon that is carved into a
text: massive door. A FEMALE NARRATOR, with a lilting Chinese
dialog: accent, begins...
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Twenty-two centuries ago, China was
dialog: forged out of the will of one man,
dialog: its First Emperor, Qin Shihuang.
text: The doors swing open and EMPEROR QIN SHIHUANG is carried in.
text: He’s sitting on a jewel-encrusted jade throne which is lugged
text: by 30 MONGOLIAN EUNUCHS. He is dressed in an extravagant
text: crimson-and-black robe and his face registers only the blank
text: coldness of a dictator. He’s just entered...
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE - DAY
text: A vast walled city comprised of a complex of pavilions,
text: pagodas and ornamental gardens. The Emperor’s army fills the
text: monumental: courtyard in front of the main palace pavilion.
text: The 100,000 WARRIORS stand in perfectly ordered phalanxes.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: His thirst for power was
dialog: unquenchable and his army was a
text: merciless killing machine. He
dialog: vowed not to rest until he had
dialog: conquered the entire world.
text: As the Emperor is paraded past, the soldiers bow on one knee.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER OF SPIRITS - DAY
text: TIGHT ON: A HUMAN SKULL as it is CRUSHED under the weight of
text: a massive stone. PULL BACK to reveal an ancient construction
text: site stretching as far as the eye can see.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
text: He forced his vanquished enemies to
dialog: construct a great wall which he
text: built over the blighted River of
dialog: Spirits.
text: THOUSANDS OF SLAVES haul blocks into place over a snaking dry
text: riverbed that is thickly carpeted with skeletons and skulls.
dialog: 2.
text: KEEP PULLING UP over the partially completed Great Wall of
text: China as the image MORPHS into a 20x20 map of the ancient
text: world. It sits on the floor of...
scene_heading: INT. WAR ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Emperor stands with his Generals, flanked by his devoted
text: eunuch, FU. A magnificent embroidered dragon tapestry
text: shimmers on the wall behind him.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.0.)
dialog: As the years wore on, the Emperor
dialog: realized that the world was too big
dialog: to conquer in his lifetime.
text: Frustrated, the Emperor grabs a sword and sweeps off the
text: model battalions that are spread out across the map.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: He had to overcome the one enemy
dialog: that no man had defeated -- death
dialog: itself.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM ~ PALACE - NIGHT
text: The Emperor watches as a motley crowd of GRIZZLED MEN, WILD-
text: HAIRED HAGS and BESPECTACLED SCHOLARS are escorted in.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: He summoned all the mystics,
dialog: alchemists and wizards in his
dialog: kingdom and commanded them to find
dialog: the answer to eternal life.
text: CAMERA RESTS ON the face of a SHRIVELED OLD SHAMAN as he
text: reacts to the request with fearful trepidation.
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
text: THE SHAMAN’S FACE. PULL BACK TO REVEAL his head is now
text: pickled in a jar ona shelf. It's just one of a thousand
text: jars containing the heads of other mystics in...
scene_heading: INT. ANCIENT LABORATORY - DAY
text: The Emperor stands in the middle of this dungeon-like chamber
text: surrounded by smoking vats and billowing vials.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: They taught him mastery of the five
dialog: elements -- fire, water, earth,
dialog: metal and stone -- but the mystery
dialog: of immortality still eluded him.
text: The Emperor conjures a blue flame in his palm.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: The Emperor had almost given up
dialog: hope when he learned of a priestess
dialog: named Zohora who was versed in the
dialog: secret languages of antiquity.
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE GATES - DAY
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: He sent Sun Tzu, his most trusted
dialog: General, to find her.
text: The towering doors open and a BATTERY OF WARRIORS canters out
text: on horseback. They are lead by a General, whose striking
text: good looks are etched with nobility. This is SUN TZU.
scene_heading: EXT. BAMBOO FOREST - DAY
text: Sun Tzu and his men creep toward the stone temple that is
text: nestled among the impossibly tall bamboo trees. A twig
text: SNAPS. He turns and swings up his sword to the throat of a
text: serene beauty, ZOHORA, just as she sweeps up a sword to his.
text: As their eyes meet, there is an instant electric attraction.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Zohora holds on to Sun Tzu as they gallop down a track which
text: runs parallel to the Great Wall. Sun Tzu turns and rides
text: towards the Emperor’s palace, which looms in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - PALACE - DAY
text: Sun Tzu presents Zohora to the Emperor, who is clearly struck
text: by her beauty.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: The Emperor gave Zohora access to
dialog: his vast library.
scene_heading: INT. SCROLL ROOM - PALACE ~ DAY
text: Zohora sits at a circular desk in the middle of this colossal
text: bookshelf-filled chamber, poring over boxes of scrolls.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: She spent her days studying the
dialog: ancient texts and her nights...
scene_heading: INT. SUN TZU QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Zohora and Sun Tzu are entwined in a passionate embrace.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.0.)
text: . wrapped in Sun Tzu’s axms.
text: THE CAMERA FINDS the Emperor watching through a window. As
text: his eyes glint with jealousy...
scene_heading: INT. SCROLL ROOM - PALACE - NIGHT
text: Zohora empties a box of documents onto the table and unrolls
text: a dusty papyrus. It is written in hieratic and features
text: images of Horus and Anubis. As she translates the text, her
text: face fires with excitement.
scene_heading: INT. SUN TZU QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Zohora bursts in holding the papyrus.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: The answer! I found it!
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: I never doubted you would.
text: She spins and finds the Emperor in the doorway. She masks
text: her shock and respectfully bows her head.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: My Lord.
text: He lifts her chin with his finger.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
text: Written in a book hidden in the
dialog: land of the Pharaohs.
text: Two Eunuchs step out holding Sun Tzu, who’s been beaten.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: He ordered Sun Tzu to retrieve the
dialog: book.
text: Zohora drops to her knees in front of Sun Tzu and begs.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.0.)
dialog: But Zohora pleaded that she should
dialog: go in his place. Egyptian tombs
dialog: are deadly traps and, without
dialog: knowledge of their hieroglyphics,
dialog: he would face certain death.
text: The Emperor considers her request, unsheathes a dragon-hilted
text: dagger which he holds to Sun Tzu’s heart.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: The Emperor gave her ninety moons
dialog: to return or he would execute her
dialog: lover.
text: Sun Tzu and Zohora exchange desperate glances.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.0O.)
dialog: Zohora headed west...
text: Zohora rides like the wind. She spurs her horse up over a
text: dune, revealing the GREAT PYRAMIDS OF GIZA flickering like a
text: mirage. She powers into the blistering heat.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMUNAPTRA - NIGHT
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.0O.)
dialog: ++. to the city of Hamunaptra,
dialog: resting place of Imhotep and
dialog: sanctuary of the fabled Book of the
dialog: Dead.
text: TWO MUMIA are sitting by a campfire, guarding the entrance,
text: when -- PHHHT! PHHHT! Two bamboo blow-darts hit their
text: necks. As they slump, unconscious, Zohora is revealed. She
text: searches their pockets and retrieves the PUZZLE BOX KEY (from
text: the first “Mummy” movie). As she flowers it open...
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANUBIS’ CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: The impression on the front of the black Book of the Dead.
text: Zohora twists the key and the latches snap open one by one.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Not wishing to incur the wrath of
dialog: the great god Anubis, Zohora
dialog: fashioned a copy of the sacred text
dialog: in terra cotta.
text: Under Anubis’ watchful gaze, Zohora mixes a thick clay.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMUNAPTRA - DAWN
text: Everything is washed in golden light. Zohora wraps her copy
text: of the Book in a blanket and places it in her saddlebag.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOHORA’S RIDE - NIGHT/DAY
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: She xode day and night, determined
dialog: no harm would come to Sun Tzu.
text: Zohora rides across the desert, immune to the scorching sun.
text: Silhouetted against the moon, she plows across the Himalayas.
text: Her face is a mask of determination as she races along the
text: Great Wall, sending WORKERS scattering.
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE - DAY
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.0.)
text: She returned to the palace on the
dialog: eve of the eighty-ninth day.
text: A snowstorm swirls as Zohora bursts through the gates and
text: rides past the legions of warriors who are training in the
text: massive courtyard.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - DAY
text: Zohora kneels at the Emperor’s feet and holds up the copy of
text: the Book of the Dead. He beams as he runs his hand across
text: its surface.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.0O.)
dialog: The Emperor was so pleased that he
text: rewarded Zohora with a gift.
text: The Emperor’s Eunuch, Fu, steps forward, holding a lavishly
text: carved lapis box. JZohora tentatively opens the lid and reels
text: back when she sees SUN TZU’S HEAD. His glassy eyes stare up.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Now I will rule the earth as a god
dialog: with you by my side.
text: The Emperor grins lecherously.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.0.)
dialog: He ordered her to read from the
dialog: Book and make him immortal. But
dialog: she refused.
text: Enraged, the Emperor plunges the dragon-hilted dagger into
text: her side. As she drops to her knees, the Book falls open and
text: Zohora WHISPERS an ancient Egyptian incantation.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Instead of granting him everlasting
dialog: life, Zohora used the Book to curse
text: the Emperor and his beloved army.
text: The Emperor utters a BLOOD-CURDLING SCREAM. He tears open
text: his robe, looks at his chest as his skin becomes translucent.
text: Fu and the Eunuchs flee as the Emperor’s heart starts to pump
scene_heading: BLACK BLOOD.
text: The poison courses through the Emperor’s body from the inside
text: out. Black veins viper up his arms, legs and neck and
text: fissure across the whites of his eyeballs. The ooze seeps
text: out of his pores, coating his flesh and clothes. Like molten
text: clay, it sheets across his'face, sealing his lips and tongue
text: and silencing his agonized cry. When he’s fully coated,
scene_heading: ULTRA-BRIGHT RODS OF WHITE LIGHT
text: needle out of his body. The Emperor jerks upright and his
text: arms swing to his sides as the light fuses his bones and
text: SUPERHEATS the clay shell, hardening it in seconds. When the
text: light dies, the Emperor has been transformed into
text: A TERRA COTTA MUMMY.
text: A VOLLEY OF BANSHEE SCREAMS echoes from outside. Zohora
text: peers out as the terra cotta curse washes over the Emperor’s
text: warriors like a wave. Their horses SHRIEK as they succumb to
text: the unholy curse, too. Finally, they are all wracked by the
text: blinding spindles of light and are violently snapped to
text: permanent attention as their bodies are entombed in clay.
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE - NIGHT
text: Snow whips as the wounded Zohora gallops across the
text: courtyard, clutching the Book. Tears freeze on her cheeks as
text: she passes the rows of terra cotta soldiers who stand like a
text: clockwork army. She rides into the whiteness.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
text: She rode off into the night and was
dialog: never seen again.
text: Snow PINGS off the warriors as CAMERA SWEEPS UP OVER their
text: heads and INTO the window of...
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - NIGHT
text: PUSH IN ON the Emperor’s expressionless face.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: The Eunuchs buried the Emperor in a
text: crypt below the courtyard. As for
dialog: his warriors, the palace became
dialog: their tomb.
text: PUSH into his lifeless eyes.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.0.)
dialog: The people believed that if the
dialog: Emperor awoke, he would raise his
text: army and finish his crusade to
dialog: enslave the world.
text: KEEP PUSHING until THE SCREEN IS ENGULFED IN BLACKNESS and
text: the only sound is EERIE WHISTLING SILENCE.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: For two millennia, they laid
text: forgotten under the sands of time
dialog: until...
text: SUPERIMPOSED across the SCREEN are the words: CHINA - 1940.
text: A shaft of light cuts through the blackness and
speaker_heading: A YOUNG MAN
text: rappels into view. This is ALEX O’CONNELL. He’s 18 now,
text: with floppy blond hair and an English accent. He’s inherited
text: his father’s good looks and his mother’s academic intellect.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Alex, you see anything?
text: He peers up at LILY CHEN, who’s staring through a hole in the
text: roof of the cavern 50 feet above. Lily’s about Alex’s age
text: and her mysterious beauty is matched by a razor-sharp mind.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Not yet, but I know the palace is
dialog: down here. It has to be.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: That’s what you said about the
text: other nine caverns.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: This is the one, Lily. I’m going
dialog: deeper.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I don’t think that’s a good idea.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Trust me, I was rappelling into
dialog: tombs before I could walk. I'ma
dialog: pro.
text: As he loosens the clamp, the rope slides free and Alex is
text: sent plunging into the darkness. Lily reacts as Alex’s rope
text: rapidly uncoils at her feet. She SHOUTS into the abyss.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: ALEX! ALEX!
text: Alex scorches his palms as he desperately tries to reattach
text: his harness to the rope. Finally, he pounds his fist into
text: the head of the clamp, causing its teeth to lock back into
text: place. As the rope jerks him to a stop, he instinctively
text: snatches his glasses out of the air as they tumble free.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Alex, are you okay?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’m hanging in there.
text: He pulls out a flare-stick and cracks it open. He holds it
text: out as he slowly twists himself around and comes face to face
text: with a FEARSOME TERRA COTTA WARRIOR. Alex grins.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lily, radio Willoughby, tell him I
dialog: found it.
scene_heading: INT. TOMB OF THE TERRA COTTA WARRIORS - DAY
text: Time has turned the palace courtyard into a vast subterranean
text: vault. Warriors are lined shoulder to shoulder. Lily
text: supervises a CHINESE CREW who are illuminating the giant
text: space with torches. Alex waits for an OVERWEIGHT ENGLISHMAN,
text: in a white linen suit, who is awkwardly clambering off a rope
text: ladder. This is SIR COLIN WILLOUGHBY.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: My colleagues at the Bembridge
dialog: Society thought I was crazy to put
dialog: my faith and money in an O’Connell.
dialog: But I knew you could do it, Alex.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Thank you, Sir Colin. That means a
dialog: great deal coming from you.
text: Willoughby pulls a magnifying glass from his pocket and
text: rudely brushes past Lily as he crosses to admire a warrior.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: Look at the detail. I wonder how
dialog: long they took to carve.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: They weren’t carved, they were
dialog: cursed.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: According to whom?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Chinese legend. The terra cotta
dialog: warriors have remained poised in
dialog: time, waiting for their Emperor to
dialog: return.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: Alex, you should tell your
dialog: girlfriend not to put so much stock
dialog: in old folklore.
text: Alex awkwardly shuffles.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Actually, Lily’s not my girlfriend.
dialog: She’s a Ph.D. student at Shanghai
dialog: University. I couldn’t have found
dialog: this tomb without her help.
text: Willoughby regards Lily, skeptical.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: What’s your field of expertise?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Ancient Chinese history and
dialog: languages.
text: Unimpressed, Willoughby turns back to Alex.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: Once you take the Bembridge oath, I
dialog: trust you’ll leave such fairy-tale
text: hokum behind.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: But only full scholars take the
dialog: oath,
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: You are our youngest associate, now
dialog: I predict you’1l be our youngest
dialog: scholar. They couldn’t deny you
dialog: after this discovery.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Sir Colin, I don’t know what to
dialog: say. That’s been my dream ever
dialog: since I desecrated my first tomb.
text: Before Alex can correct himself, Willoughby wraps him in a
text: sweaty bear hug.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: You’ve got a lot of work ahead of
dialog: you. This place is going to take
dialog: decades to excavate.
text: As Willoughby puffs his way down a row of warriors, Alex
text: turns to Lily, grinning like a kid at Christmas.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Alex O’Connell, Bembridge Scholar.
dialog: Wait until my mum hears about this.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: You don’t need that pompous ass
dialog: Willoughby to validate you. It
dialog: would take him three lifetimes to
dialog: learn what you already know.
text: He smiles, looks at her, clearly enchanted.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lily, I was wondering when we get
dialog: back to Shanghai if maybe we could
dialog: do something together, you know,
dialog: that doesn’t involve digging holes
dialog: or climbing down ropes.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Is that your way of asking me out
dialog: on a date?
text: He nods shyly. Although touched, she lets him down gently.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I'd love to, but I kind of make it
dialog: a rule not to date colleagues.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Of course, absolutely, good
dialog: thinking. Wouldn’t want to blur
dialog: the lines with all the work we’ve
dialog: got ahead of us.
text: OFF Alex masking his disappointment as she heads away...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A BRUSH -- flicks the dust from the dragon insignia that
text: embellishes the chest plate of a terra cotta warrior. Alex
text: stands back, confused, as Lily steps to his side.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Everything okay?
text: Alex points to three pairs of terra cotta warriors who stand
text: side by side and bear the Emperor’s insignia.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You have any idea what six of the
text: Emperor’s personal bodyguards are
text: doing in the middle of a formation
dialog: of foot soldiers?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Maybe they got lost.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: They would never have left his
dialog: side.
text: Alex bends down, sweeps away some dirt, revealing a track-
text: like groove. He looks back at Lily and grins...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You want to meet an Emperor?
text: Alex steps between the first pair of warriors, puts his hands
text: on their chests and pushes them over. The statues slam into
text: the ones behind them, knocking them over like bowling pins.
text: As the third pair topple, they lurch to a stop and a doorway
text: GRINDS OPEN in the floor between the six statues. OFF Alex
dialog: and Lily’s excitement...
scene_heading: INT. CRYPT - DAY
text: Four stone Chimera, mythical dragon-like tomb guardians,
text: stand in the corners of the chamber as Alex leads Lily and
text: Willoughby down the steps. The trio stares in awe at the
dialog: Emperor’s ornate sarcophagus. It’s si i
dialog: i rc .
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: The final resting place of Emperor
dialog: Qin Shihuang. You’ve guaranteed
dialog: your place in the history books
dialog: with this one, my boy.
text: Willoughby steps to the sarcophagus. It’s carved out of red
text: jade and is inlaid with the Emperor’s dragon insignia.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: I want the sarcophagus taken to the
dialog: British Embassy in Shanghai for
text: safe keeping immediately.
text: Alarmed, Lily steps in front of Willoughby.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: No, the Emperor can’t leave this
dialog: chamber!
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: I don’t remember requesting your
dialog: opinion on the matter.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: If you move the Emperor, you’1l be
dialog: making a huge mistake.
text: Willoughby rolls his eyes, turns to Alex.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: I suggest you have a word with your
dialog: lady friend if you want her to
dialog: remain on this dig.
text: Alex waits until Willoughby exits.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lily, we’re archaeologists. We
dialog: don’t dig something up to leave it
dialog: behind. We have to take it back
dialog: and study it.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: The ancient scrolls say that if the
dialog: Dragon Emperor awakes, he will lay
dialog: waste to the entire world.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: In order to raise a mummy, you need
dialog: the Book of the Dead. There’s only
dialog: one copy and, trust me, it’s buried
text: under the Sahara.
dialog: 14.
text: Alex turns away, studies the lid of the sarcophagus.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: This guy’s just terra cotta and
dialog: bone. He couldn’t hurt a fly.
text: As his hand brushes over the dragon insignia, Lily sees the
text: stone Chimeras’ mouths snap open.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: GET DOWN!
text: She dive-tackles Alex and they roll under the chariot just as
text: ROARING 20-foot jets of flame shoot out of the mouths of the
text: Chimera. When the inferno ends, Lily looks at Alex.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I've never seen someone cheat death
dialog: so many times.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You should meet my parents.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - DAY
scene_heading: TITLE SUPERIMPOSED ON SCREEN: AGRA, INDIA.
text: Clouds of billowing steam. As it disperses, RICK AND EVY
text: OQ’ CONNELL are revealed. They’re in the middle of a
text: passionate kiss. They finally come up for air, look into
text: each other’s eyes, clearly still very much in love.
speaker_heading: oO’ CONNELL
dialog: Happy anniversary, Evy.
text: Evy peers through the view-finder of a Baby Brownie camera.
text: CLOSE ON: An upside down image of the Taj Mahal.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Remember when Alex climbed that
dialog: minaret?
speaker_heading: oO’ CONNELL
dialog: Yeah, I bet him a year’s allowance
dialog: he couldn’t do it. Then we dodged
text: the Indian police for two hours.
text: He smiles sadly as they make their way through the THRONG,
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: I miss being the fun dad Alex
dialog: couldn’t wait to hang out with.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Well, somewhere between the tombs
dialog: of Egypt and the temples of Persia,
dialog: your son grew up.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: I know and I’m really proud of him.
dialog: But the truth is he’s closer to you
dialog: than he is to me.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: If you want to know what he’s up
dialog: to, why don’t you read his letters?
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Honey, they’re in ancient Egyptian
text: with jokes about obscure pharaohs.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He did inherit my wry sense of
dialog: humor.
text: Rick shakes his head. Evy tries to stay positive.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Look, you need to reconnect with
dialog: him in your own way. When you were
dialog: his age, what did you like?
speaker_heading: 0” CONNELL
dialog: Girls, guns... girls.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Trust me, your son has no time for
dialog: romantic dalliances. He’s a
dialog: freshman at Yale. I’m sure he‘s
text: absorbed in his studies.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: What are you going to do when Alex
dialog: finally does bring somebody home?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'll be fine... as long as she’s a
dialog: librarian.
text: As they reach the entrance, Evy scans the crowd.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Any sign of General Okumura?
text: Rick points to an ASIAN MAN with aristocratic features. This
text: is GENERAL OKUMURA. He’s climbing into a bicycle rickshaw.
speaker_heading: Q’ CONNELL
dialog: Looks like he’s doing some
text: sightseeing.
text: As they clamber into a rickshaw and follow...
scene_heading: EXT. RICKSHAW - DAY
text: Rick and Evy trundle through the sweltering odyssey of
text: decrepit traffic, market stalls and cows.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: I still can’t believe you talked me
dialog: into spying for the British
dialog: Government.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We're in the middle of a war, Rick.
dialog: I wanted us to do our part.
dialog: Besides, I’ve talked you into
dialog: worse.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: You don’t even know why you’ re
dialog: following him?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The Home Office said the less we
dialog: know the safer we are. We’re just
dialog: supposed to observe his movements
dialog: and report back.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Lucky your husband likes to live
dialog: dangerously.
speaker_heading: : EVELYN
dialog: Rick, what did you do?
text: Rick grins mischievously.
speaker_heading: Of CONNELL
dialog: Played a little poker with the
dialog: Defense Minister’s brother and let
dialog: him win occasionally. According to
dialog: him, Okumura claims to have access
text: to a doomsday weapon.
dialog: 17.
text: Evy’s instantly intrigued.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: And what might that be?
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Nobody knows, but the Japanese High
dialog: Command weren’t impressed. They
dialog: bounced Okumura and his followers
dialog: out of Tokyo faster than you can
dialog: say sushi.
text: As Okumura pulls up in front of the Taj Mahal, he is met by
text: TWO FIERCE-LOOKING SIKHS wearing blue turbans.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What’s a rogue general doing in
dialog: India?
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: That’s where the spying part comes
dialog: in,
scene_heading: INT. TAJ MAHAL - DAY
text: Rick and Evy head into the miraculous domed interior.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Shoe! Shoe!
text: They turn and find an INDIAN MAN pointing to a sign, “NO
text: SHOES!” Rick pulls off his boots and hands them over.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Guard them with your life.
text: Now barefoot, Rick and Evy dash across the marble. They
text: surreptitiously watch as Okumura and his crew head into...
scene_heading: INT. PEACOCK CHAMBER - DAY
text: Rick and Evy hustle in, then stop in their tracks. There’s
text: no sign of Okumura and there’s no exit.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: One way in and no way out.
text: The walls are covered with marble reliefs of Indian wildlife.
text: Elephants, monkeys, tigers and peacocks. They push and prod
text: at the menagerie. Evy sighs in frustration.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I better take some pictures of
dialog: where the trail went cold.
text: Evy snaps photos while Rick tugs at an elephant statue. He
text: yanks down on its trunk, breaks it off. As he tries to
text: reattach it, Evy lines up a shot and sees something.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Pinch my cheeks.
text: Rick quickly slips the broken trunk in his pocket.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Not now, Honey, we’ve got a bad guy
dialog: to catch.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Look through the view-finder.
text: She hands him the camera and points to a design inlaid on the
text: wall above a relief of a peacock. Its tail feathers glint
text: with semi-precious stone. As he peers through the camera...
text: WHAT HE SEES: Viewed upside down, the abstract design now
text: appears to spell out a phrase.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Those symbols are actually
dialog: Sanskrit, except they’re upside
text: down and backwards. They spell,
text: “Pinch my cheeks”.
text: Evy reaches across, pinches the peacock’s cheeks causing its
text: “feathers” to fan back into the floor, revealing a doorway.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY - DAY
text: Old brass lanterns illuminate the network of Moorish
text: corridors and hallways. Rick and Evy come to a recently
text: excavated hole in the floor. Distant VOICES echo from below.
text: Rick drops a stone into the darkness and hears it SPLAT.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Sounds soft. After you.
text: Evy takes a breath, then drops in feet first. Rick follows.
scene_heading: INT. PIT - DAY
text: The duo torpedoes into the mud. They’re up to their necks.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why is the mud moving?
text: Both look down and see they’ve landed in a pit of writhing
text: SLUGS! They slither out, frantically brushing slugs and
text: slime off their clothes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Disgusting doesn’t even begin to
dialog: describe that.
text: Rick plucks a slug out of his ear. Evy SQUELCHES up to a
text: filigree grille and peers out.
text: WHAT SHE SEES: A giant, 50-foot silver statue of the
text: elephant god Ganesh in the middle of a huge subterranean
text: cavern. He holds a sword in each of his eight arms. Like a
text: sinking ship, the whole place is weirdly tilted at an angle.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The Lost Temple of Ganesh. The
dialog: final repository of...
speaker_heading: OKUMURA (0.S.)
dialog: -.. the Eye of Pemako.
text: As they spin, Rick reaches for his gun but comes out with a
text: handful of slugs. ‘They stare at Okumura, who is flanked by
text: the two sword-wielding Sikhs.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: When I heard the British had sent
dialog: the infamous 0O’Connells to spy on
dialog: me, I was flattered. Expertise
dialog: like yours is hard to come by.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now, I’m going use it to get me the
dialog: Eye.
text: Rick points to the diamond gleaming on Ganesh’s forehead.
speaker_heading: OQ’ CONNELL
dialog: It’s right there, get it yourself.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: You of all people should know these
text: ancient temples are full of hidden
dialog: dangers.
text: He tosses a flaming torch into the wide well surrounding
text: Ganesh, revealing a pit of slumbering CROCODILES. Their
text: bodies are entwined like a giant jigsaw puzzle. OFF Rick and
dialog: Evy’s distress...
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE OF GANESH - DAY
dialog: Tiny oil 1
text: amps flicker in thousands of niches dug out of the
text: walls. Rick stifles A YELP as he stubs his bare foot on the
dialog: tail of a
dialog: He glances
dialog: 20-foot croc.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: No gun, no shoes and we’re walking
text: across a bunch of alligators. Who
text: stays up at night and thinks of
dialog: this stuff?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Actually, honey, they’re Indian
text: crocodiles, far more vicious. But
dialog: lucky for us, it looks like they’re
text: hibernating.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Way to find the silver lining, Evy.
text: at the sword-wielding Sikhs who are following.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: So what does Okumura want with the
dialog: Eye of Pemako?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: They say the stone points the way
dialog: to the Spring of Eternal Life which
text: is hidden in Shangri-La.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: As much as I’d like to take a swig
dialog: from the fountain of youth and stay
dialog: this ruggedly handsome forever --
dialog: that’s a myth,
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You used to feel the same way about
text: mummies.
text: They scramble out of the pit and begin to climb the statue
dialog: while the
speaker_heading: OKUMURA ~~
speaker_heading: RICK & EVY
dialog: one of its
dialog: gemstone.
text: Sikhs stand guard at the base.
text: watches the duo clamber up the silver behemoth.
text: -- reach the top of the statue. Evy waits behind
text: 6-foot ears while Rick reaches for the giant
text: He almost topples as he wrestles it free, hands
text: the stone to Evy. As she examines it, her brow furrows.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Rick, this isn’t it.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
text: Looks like a big sparkly diamond to
dialog: me.
text: She scrapes the stone against the edge of Ganesh’s ear, then
text: shows Rick its scarred surface.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Diamonds don’t scratch.
text: A loud METALLIC CLANKING echoes from the belly of the statue.
text: Like a giant clockwork toy, the statue GRINDS to life. Its
text: eight arms swing their razor-sharp swords and its head nods.
speaker_heading: RICK AND EVY
text: try to keep their balance but tumble off. As they plunge
text: towards the pit, Rick drops the diamond but manages to catch
text: hold of one of the statue’s eight arms. He reaches out and
text: grabs Evy’s hand as she falls past him. As they dangle, Rick
text: sees a sword sweep towards Evy. A second before
scene_heading: THE GLEAMING BLADE
text: slices her in two, Evy lets go, SCREAMING as she drops. Rick
text: swings up his bare feet as the sword razors under him, then
text: looks down and is relieved to see Evy hanging onto the end of
text: Ganesh’s trunk.
text: OKUMURA -- races down into the pit, BARKS orders to the
text: Sikhs, who begin climbing up onto the statue.
text: As Sikhs stalk towards Evy, Rick is helpless until he sees
text: three of the statue’s arms converge, their swords form a
text: makeshift staircase. Rick bounds across the blades and
text: tackles the Sikhs right off the statue. As they tumble Sikh
text: #1 is impaled on one of Ganesh’s swinging swords while Rick
text: and Sikh #2 crash into the croc pit.
text: OKUMURA -- is unaware of the commotion as he picks up the
text: glass diamond and sees it’s veined with cracks. Furious, he
text: SMASHES it against the base of the statue, powdering it.
text: EVY -- peers into the statue’s navel cavity. Two eyes stare
text: back. She reaches in and pulls out a life-size SILVER SKULL.
text: When she plucks it out, CAMERA SHOOTS INTO THE EMPTY HOLE and
text: ZIGZAGS between the statue’s cogs and gears as they
text: GRIND TO A HALT.
dialog: 22.
text: CAMERA DIVES towards the base of the statue as a kinetic
text: furnace unleashes a fury of hot steam. CAMERA FOLLOWS the
text: steam into a maze of pipes and emerges through a grate under
text: Rick, who is lying dazed. He GROANS as his bare feet are
text: seared. He hops out of the way, watches as the statue
text: shudders to a stop and steam billows from 100 other grates.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Evy, how did you turn off the arms
dialog: and turn on the steam bath?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m not sure, but I found the Eye.
text: Spangles of light ripple across Evy as she hinges open the
text: skull and stares at THE EYE. It’s an egg-sized diamond with
text: a large, pupil-shaped emerald embedded within it.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: It was inside Ganesh’s belly.
dialog: Which makes perfect sense; you see,
dialog: in Indian culture, the third eye is
text: about looking inward.
text: A BULLET zips past Rick. It’s Okumura.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Fill me in later.
text: Okumura pops off TWO MORE SHOTS, Rick races away, dives for
text: cover among the sleeping crocodiles. As he peers through the
text: steam, he sees the eyes of a croc pop open. Then another and
text: another. They’re all waking up! He slowly turns his head
text: until he’s staring into the open eyes of the croc directly in
text: front of him. It’s got a shit-eating grin on its snout.
text: Just as the ferocious reptile lurches towards him with its
text: jaws snapping, Rick shoulder-rolls to his feet and takes off.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Evy, I figured out what the steam
dialog: does!
text: Evy slides down Ganesh’s right leg, clutching the skull box,
text: turns to find the cavern is shrouded in a carpet of steam.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Rick, where are you?
text: She jumps down, unaware of the threat. Suddenly, a shape
text: emerges through the curtain of steam behind her. It’s Sikh
text: #21 He's holding a sword and creeping up on her.
dialog: 23.
text: He’s about to slice her in half when a GIANT CROCODILE leaps
text: out of the mist, vices the guy in his jaws, and drops out of
text: frame with lightning speed. Evy hears the man’s MUFFLED CRY,
text: spins, but sees nothing. When she turns back, she is
text: startled to find Rick right next to her. She swats him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Don’t do that!
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: We need to go. Now!
text: However, as they turn, Okumura steps out of the steam with
text: his gun aimed at Rick,
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Give me the Eye.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Don’t do it, Evy.
text: Suddenly, an ENORMOUS RUMBLE BOOMS from inside the statue and
text: the whole place shakes, throwing them off their feet and
text: sending the skull box flying. Okumura scrambles after it,
text: Rick right on his tail. Evy follows, avoiding the jaws of a
text: dozen starving crocs.
text: OKUMURA -- sees the silver skull, is reaching for it when
text: Rick dive-tackles him. The two men exchange blows. As Rick
text: falls back, Okumura clambers for the skull. He’s just
text: grasped it in his hand when A MASSIVE CROCODILE leaps up and
text: bites his arm off at the elbow. Okumura drops to his knees
text: and SCREAMS in agony. Rick scrambles right past him and
text: after the croc as another RUMBLE echoes from Ganesh.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Come here, boy.
text: As the crocodile opens its mouth to SNARL, Rick sees the
text: skull box is still clutched in the palm of Okumura’s severed
text: arm which is lying on the croc’s tongue.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Good croc,
text: Rick gets an idea, pulls the marble tusk from his jacket. As
text: the croc moves in, Rick thrusts the tusk into its mouth,
text: wedging it open. He reaches in and grabs the skull box a
text: second before the reptile’s jaws snap shut, OBLITERATING the
text: marble tusk like a toothpick.
text: Rick runs back to Evy, who’s trying to fend off a trio of
text: crocs. They hear GUNFIRE and turn to see Okumura SHOOTING
text: his way out. They’re completely surrounded by HISSING crocs.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: I thought Ganesh was the god of
dialog: good luck.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Actually, he’s the god of wealth,
dialog: intelligence...
text: Suddenly, there’s A DEAFENING GROAN and the statue topples
text: off its base. As it CRASHES, its sword-wielding arms impale
text: the crocs that are about to devour Rick and Evy.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: «.. and remover of obstacles.
text: The duo clambers up onto the statue, which forms a bridge
text: over the crocodile pit.
scene_heading: INT. TAJ MAHAL — DAY
text: Rick and Evy look like they’ve been dragged to hell and back.
text: Rick holds his shoulder as they cross to the shoe Attendant.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I should report to the Home Office
dialog: and you should see a doctor.
text: Rick hands the Attendant his ticket. The man stares in
text: shock. Rick’s shirt is ripped and his face is streaked with
text: dirt and blood.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: The other guy lost an am.
text: As Rick starts pulling on his boots, he surreptitiously takes
text: the Eye out of its skull box and slips it into a compartment
text: in the heel of his boot. As he ties his laces:
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Now let’s get this vacation
dialog: started.
text: Evy, meanwhile, notices the “Times of India” sitting on the
text: Attendant’s chair. She picks it up and stares at the photo
text: on the front page in disbelief.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Rick, did you know someone found
dialog: the First Emperor of China?
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: You’re kidding? Who did that son-
dialog: of-a-bitch Willoughby finally get
dialog: to do the job?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Our son.
text: She angrily spins and thrusts the newspaper into his chest.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Vacation's over.
text: As she storms away, Rick peers at the front page. It
text: features a photo of Alex under the headline, “O’ CONNELL
text: DISCOVERS FIRST EMPEROR OF CHINA!” OFF this image...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
text: AERIAL VIEW of a twinkling metropolis. CAMERA SURFS PAST
text: magnificent hotels, SWOOPS over market-choked streets and
text: alleys zigzagged with lanterns and washing lines.
scene_heading: TITLE SUPERIMPOSED ON SCREEN: SHANGHAI, CHINA.
text: It doesn’t stop until it FINDS a bubble-gum-pink neon sign.
text: It’s flashing above a glitzy nightclub “IMHOTEP’S --
scene_heading: COCKTAILS AND DANCING. OPEN 10 ‘TIL LATE!” CAMERA PUSHES
text: RIGHT THROUGH the “O” of Imhotep and INTO the window of...
scene_heading: INT. “IMHOTEP’S” - NIGHT
text: It’s decorated like an Egyptian fantasy. The GORGEOUS ASIAN
text: BARMAIDS are body-painted like Anck-su-namun. JONATHAN holds
text: court at the bar. He’s wearing a white dinner jacket and has
text: a BEAUTIFUL SOCIALITE on each arm.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: +.» So the entire oasis sank into
dialog: the desert. I said that’s it, I’m
dialog: done with Egypt. It’s off to the
dialog: Orient to follow my true dream.
dialog: And when that didn’t work out, I
dialog: opened this nightclub.
text: He raises his champagne flute in a toast.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: To Imhotep!
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: May the bastard actually stay dead.
dialog: 26.
text: They’re about to clink when the whole place goes SILENT.
text: Jonathan turns and sees a TRIO OF JAPANESE OFFICERS, lead by
text: MAJOR SUKI, striding towards a table of INTENSE CHINESE MEN.
text: The Major stares at the leader of the group, CHANG.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: You’re in the wrong bar, they don’t
dialog: serve sake here.
speaker_heading: MAJOR SUKI
dialog: Show me your papers.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: I don’t take orders from Japanese.
text: Suki’s hand edges for his weapon when Jonathan intervenes.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Gentlemen, this club has a strict
dialog: no-senseless-violence policy.
speaker_heading: MAJOR SUKT
dialog: These men are suspected Chinese
dialog: insurgents. How can you serve
dialog: their kind?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I serve all kinds, including
dialog: Japanese officers with no
dialog: jurisdiction.
text: He SNAPS his fingers, THREE GORGEOUS BARMAIDS step over.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Now please enjoy my hospitality.
text: As they lead the Japanese away, Jonathan addresses Chang.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I think it’s time you found
dialog: somewhere else for your little get-~
dialog: togethers, Chang. I’m a lover, not
dialog: a fighter.
text: As he turns back to the bar, Jonathan is slapped across the
text: face. He stares in surprise at Evy.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How long has Alex been in China?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Alex is in China?
dialog: 27.
text: She slaps him again.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: You may want to rethink your
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: My son makes the biggest discovery
dialog: of the century and I have to read
text: about it in a newspaper.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I tried reaching you in India. But
dialog: I guess you were out gallivanting
dialog: on elephants or whatever you do on
dialog: a second honeymoon. How was it?
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
text: Crocodiles, slugs, secret temples,
dialog: you know, the usual.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Maybe you two should go on a
dialog: package tour next time.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Jonathan!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: (finally caving)
dialog: Alex sent me a telegram six months
dialog: ago. He told me he needed extra
dialog: money for books and would I be a
dialog: good uncle and wire it to him. The
dialog: next thing I know he’s on my
dialog: doorstep, said he had an
dialog: opportunity of a lifetime.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Which part of “world war” made you
dialog: think that was a good idea?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We sent Alex to America so he
dialog: wouldn’t be in harm’s way.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Don’t blame me, he’s your son, it’s
dialog: not like you two have been role
dialog: models for playing it safe.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Where is he?
dialog: 28.
text: As Jonathan points upstairs and they head away, CAMERA FINDS
text: Major Suki observing from a booth. OFF his face...
scene_heading: INT. ALEX’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: There’s a KNOCK at the door. Alex swings it open, revealing
text: Lily. She steps in and is surprised to see a candlelit table
text: for two and a bottle of champagne in a bucket.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Do you always study with
dialog: candlelight and champagne?
text: Alex feigns nonchalance.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Oh that. It was a gift from the
dialog: British Consulate, apparently my
dialog: discovery has been a big morale
dialog: boost to everybody back home.
dialog: (picking up bottle)
dialog: Come on, one drink between friends
dialog: before we hit the books.
text: Lily smiles her agreement. With macho confidence, Alex tries
text: to open the bottle, but struggles with the cork, finally he
text: puts the bottle between his knees.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Need a hand?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’ve done this a thousand times.
text: It’s all in the wrist.
text: At that moment, the cork POPS and a geyser of champagne
text: sprays over him, drenching his shirt. As he turns away, we
text: see that Lily is clearly charmed by his awkwardness.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Give me a minute.
text: Alex steps behind a screen, takes off his shirt and looks for
text: a replacement. Lily sneaks a peep at his reflection in a
text: mirror and clearly likes what she sees. There’s a LOUD KNOCK
text: at the door. Alex calls out...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’m busy, slip the telegrams under
text: the door.
text: Another LOUDER KNOCK.
dialog: 29,
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: You want me to get it?
text: Alex pops his head around the side of the screen, holding a
text: lamp under his chin which casts spooky shadows.
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: It’s probably just a mummy.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Alex, that’s not funny.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (scary voice)
dialog: -++ @ mummy! Mummy!
text: Suddenly, the door bursts open and Evy stands on the
text: threshold. He looks at her in wide-eyed shock.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Mummy !
text: Alex puts down the lamp as Rick joins her. Evy stares in
text: horror while Rick smiles, amused by the situation.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Hey, kiddo, get lost on your way
dialog: to Yale?
text: Alex looks at Evy, who is seething.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Mum, you look upset.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I passed upset two time zones ago.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I can explain.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You’re half naked, consorting with
dialog: a bar-girl. It’s pretty self-
dialog: explanatory.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lily’s not a bar-girl.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: We’ re colleagues.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: We were about to exchange valuable
dialog: research,
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: T bet you were.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: And that required candles,
dialog: champagne and taking off your
dialog: clothes?
text: Flustered, Alex pulls on a shirt.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Alex, I’m going. You obviously
dialog: have some catching up to do. Good
text: night, Mr. and Mrs. 0’Connell.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lily, wait.
text: As she heads out, Alex turns to his parents, exasperated.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Way to go guys, thanks.
speaker_heading: OQ’ CONNELL
dialog: Let me get this straight. You lie
dialog: to us and we’re supposed to feel
dialog: bad about ruining your date?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It wasn’t a -~
dialog: (catches himself)
dialog: I didn’t tell you about the dig
dialog: because I knew what you’d say.
dialog: That you don’t want me running
text: around a country on the brink of
dialog: war.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Yeah, we're terrible parents
dialog: holding you back like that.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You parked me at Yale because you
dialog: still think I’m a child.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: We parked you at Yale so you’d live
dialog: to see your next birthday.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: For your information I tried to
dialog: enlist.
dialog: (off their shock)
dialog: But they wouldn’t take me. Said I
text: was 4F. Bad eyes. Flat feet.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m afraid you inherited my
dialog: family’s genes. The Carnahans
dialog: aren’t known for producing football
dialog: stars. Just look at your Uncle
dialog: Jon.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: When Six Willoughby called and said
dialog: I could be of service to my
dialog: country, I jumped.
dialog: (to Evy, excited)
dialog: Mum, he’s going to make me a full
dialog: Bembridge Scholar.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: That doesn’t matter.
text: But Evy’s face suddenly glows with pride.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Full scholar? Alex, that’s
dialog: fantastic. Just what we’ve always
dialog: dreamed about.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Sir Willoughby is throwing me a
dialog: party at the British Consulate
dialog: tomorrow night.
speaker_heading: . O’ CONNELL
dialog: Evy, we’re supposed to be mad.
dialog: United front, remember?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Alex, it’s terrible you lied...
dialog: (can’t contain herself)
dialog: ... but congratulations! Give me
text: a hug.
text: As they hug, Rick rolls his eyes. Evy finally breaks off.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Now, tell me more about this Lily.
dialog: OFF Alex’s embarrassment...
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI - DAWN
text: The modern city of Art Deco skyscrapers sits on the banks of
text: the Huangpu River which is home to a floating city of boats
text: and sampans. CAMERA ZEROES IN ON a TATTERED THREE-MAST JUNK
text: sitting in the middle of the flotilla of vessels.
scene_heading: INT. JUNK - DAWN
text: TIGHT ON OKUMURA as the HIDEOUS WHINE of a drill cuts the
text: air. He twists a pair of meditation balls in the palm of his
text: good hand. PAN DOWN FROM THE SHOULDER of his other arm TO
text: REVEAL the lost appendage has been replaced by
scene_heading: A MECHANICAL ARM
text: A CHINESE ENGINEER, wearing thick magnifying glasses, is fine-
text: tuning the arm’s intricately constructed inner workings with
text: a drill. The man takes his foot off the pedal.
speaker_heading: CHINESE ENGINEER
dialog: Try again.
text: Okumura takes the meditation balls in his metallic hand. As
text: his fingers close around them, the balls SHATTER in his grip.
speaker_heading: CHINESE ENGINEER
dialog: Too strong. I need to adjust the
dialog: tension.
text: As he’s about to WHIR the drill back to life, Okumura reaches
text: over and violently crushes the tool.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Leave it. It’s perfect.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You have done a great service for
dialog: Japan. When the storm comes, you
dialog: will be protected.
text: He extends his mechanical hand. The Engineer peers at it,
text: finally reaches out. He braces for a bone-crushing, but is
text: surprised when Okumura gently clenches his hand. As the man
text: hastily exits, he passes Major Suki from “Imhotep’s”.
speaker_heading: MAJOR SUKI
text: The O’Connells are in Shanghai.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Right on time.
text: OFF Okumura’s look of satisfaction...
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI STREET - NIGHT
text: Jonathan's custom-white, CHAUFFEUR-driven Bentley crawls
text: through the colorful sea of market stalls and rickshaws.
scene_heading: INT. BENTLEY - NIGHT
text: Jonathan is in front while Alex is squeezed between Rick and
text: Evy in the back. They’re dressed up for the big party. Rick
text: rolls his eyes as an ELDERLY BICYCLIST passes them.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: It would have been faster going by
dialog: rickshaw.
text: Evy shoots him a look.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Rick, this might be a good time to
dialog: give Alex his present.
text: Alex regards his dad with surprise.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You got me a gift?
text: Rick sheepishly nods, hands Alex a box.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: You know, in honor of your big
dialog: discovery.
text: Alex RATTLES it gleefully, looks at Evy.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I bet it’s that new set of
dialog: archaeological trowels I’ve had my
dialog: eye on.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Don’t look at me, your father
dialog: insisted on picking it out himself.
text: Alex RIPS open the lid and stares in disappointment.
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: Wow. A slingshot.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
text: It’s the super-deluxe model. It’1l
text: knock the head off a pigeon at 100
dialog: feet.
dialog: 34,
text: Alex tries to let Rick down gently.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Thanks, Dad, but I kind of hung up
dialog: my slingshot when I was twelve.
text: A MAN suddenly dashes in front of the Bentley. The Chauffeur
text: slams on the brakes and jerks the car to a stop. Alex slips
text: the slingshot into his pocket as TWO JAPANESE SOLDIERS tackle
text: the Man and drag him back to a LINE OF PEOPLE who have their
text: arms up against a wall and are being held at gunpoint.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: The Japanese have been cracking
dialog: down on the Chinese resistance,
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: What will happen to them?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Nobody knows, they just disappear.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lily said they get packed into
text: trains and sent off to work camps.
dialog: A couple of her friends got picked
dialog: up last week.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Please tell me you’re not dating a
dialog: revolutionary.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lily's a student and, for the
dialog: hundredth time, we’re not dating.
text: They see a JAPANESE SOLDIER club one of the resistance
text: fighters and start beating him with a baton.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI STREET - NIGHT
text: As the Soldier swings back his arm again, his baton is
text: whipped out of his hand. The Soldier spins and finds Rick.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: You want a fair fight, how about
dialog: taking a swing at me?
text: The Soldier levels his gun and starts YELLING at Rick. Alex
text: races over, tries to calm the situation as other Japanese
text: Soldiers circle.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Dad, get back in the car.
text: Rick holds his ground until the beaten man looks at him.
text: It’s Chang, the resistance fighter, from “Imhotep’s”.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Thank you, friend, but this isn’t
dialog: your fight.
text: Rick reluctantly steps back and watches as the resistance
text: fighters are loaded into the back of a truck.
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: The landscaped compound sits behind 20-foot stone walls.
text: Jonathan’s Bentley CRUNCHES to a stop in front of the
text: Palladium-style Consulate. Rick, Evy, Alex and Jonathan step
text: out. Rick is still rattled from the incident.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: I still can’t believe we stood
dialog: there and did nothing.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Dad, if you’d done anything more,
dialog: the Japanese would have us killed.
dialog: They practically run Shanghai.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: What about the British? Do they
dialog: just throw fancy parties and
dialog: pretend nothing’s happening?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: They’ ve got their hands full with
dialog: the Nazis.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: It’s wrong.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: War always is.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now cheer up, for Alex’s sake.
text: As they head inside, Jonathan hands the VALET the keys.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I’ve memorized every inch of this
dialog: beauty. One scratch and we’re
dialog: going to have an international
dialog: incident.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. ROTUNDA ~ BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: The Emperor's sarcophagus lies on the back of the horse-drawn
text: chariot Alex discovered in the crypt. It’s being guarded by
text: THREE BRITISH SOLDIERS and sits under the room’s glass dome.
text: A MILITARY BAND plays and the EXPAT CROWD is served by
text: ELEGANT CHINESE HOSTESSES. As Rick, Evy and Alex make their
text: way through, Alex sees Jonathan ducking away.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Uncle Jon, where are you going?
dialog: The mummy’s this way.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I’ve seen enough mummies to last a
dialog: lifetime, but I never tire of a
text: well-stocked bar.
text: They step to the sarcophagus. Evy is captivated.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Fascinating.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Get a good look. They’re shipping
dialog: it off to England tomorrow.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Tomorrow? But you haven’t even
dialog: opened it yet.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Does the phrase “rest in peace”
dialog: mean anything to you two?
text: Evy runs her hand over the sarcophagus, stops when she comes
text: across five Chinese characters.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I don’t recognize the characters in
dialog: this cartouche.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: They represent the five Chinese
dialog: elements.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Of course; earth, fire, water,
text: stone, metal.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: If you believe the legend, the
dialog: Emperor could control them.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Better hope he doesn’t rise again.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Wait. Nobody’s rising again.
dialog: We’ve been there, done that. Evy,
text: step away from the mummy.
text: Rick and Evy notice Alex is staring at something, they follow
text: his gaze and see Lily. She looks radiant in a mandarin-
text: collared silk dress, and an unusual flame-shaped silver _
text: pendant graces her neck. She crosses to Alex.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: The operative word is “gulp.”
text: Evy steps forward.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Lily, we wanted to apologize for
dialog: last night. Alex caught us a
text: little off-guard.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: If it makes you feel any better,
dialog: you're all he ever talks about,
dialog: Mrs. O’Connell.
text: Evy smiles while Rick rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: If I could borrow Alex for a
dialog: moment, the Dean of the University
dialog: would like to meet him.
text: As Alex heads away with Lily.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I don’t know, there’s something
dialog: about her that bothers me.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Maybe it’s the fact that your son
text: is clearly in love with her.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He said they’re just colleagues.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Yeah, on a dig, all alone in the
dialog: desert. Sound familiar?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We couldn’t stand each other.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: That’s because you were impossible.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: And you were incorrigible.
text: Rick smiles.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: I say we step outside and settle
dialog: this.
text: She flashes a sexy smile as Rick pulls her out onto...
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO - BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: ... he takes her in his arms and they passionately kiss.
text: When they finally break off, she looks into his eyes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Still incorrigible.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY (0.S.)
dialog: Hello, Evelyn.
text: Flustered, they turn and find Sir Colin Willoughby.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: Rick.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Colin.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: Sir Colin now.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: That's the beauty of being American
dialog: -- I don’t have to call you by
dialog: those silly titles.
text: There’s clearly no love lost between these two. Evy
text: attempts to make peace.
dialog: 39,
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m grateful you’ve taken Alex
dialog: under your wing. I know your
dialog: mentorship has been invaluable.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Yeah, pulling him out of college
text: behind our backs, putting him in
dialog: danger. You’re a real stand up,
dialog: Colin.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: I suggest you teach your husband
dialog: some Manners. Good night, Evelyn.
text: Evy waits while Willoughby exits, then turns to Rick.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You promised to behave!
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: That idiot’s the reason you’re not
dialog: a Bembridge Scholar. You’re lucky
dialog: I didn’t deck him. .
text: A CHINESE HOSTESS, wearing a red-and-black uniform, steps out
text: holding a silver tray with a note. She bows to Evy, who
text: takes the note and reads it. She looks at Rick.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The Ambassador wants to see us.
scene_heading: INT. ROTUNDA - BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: Rick and Evy follow the Hostess through the crowd. She leads
text: them into a hall just as the BRITISH CONSUL hushes the crowd.
speaker_heading: BRITISH CONSUL
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, if you will
dialog: please proceed to the garden, the
text: fireworks are about to begin.
scene_heading: INT. AMBASSADOR’S OFFICE - BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: AMBASSADOR FENWICK, a no-nonsense Brit in his 50s, drops ice
text: into a glass while Rick and Evy look on.
scene_heading: AMBASSADOR FENWICK
dialog: What the devil happened at the Taj
dialog: Mahal? You had specific
dialog: instructions not to engage Okumura.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I know that, Sir, but I assure you
dialog: that what we discovered will be of
dialog: vital interest to the Home Office.
text: As the Ambassador takes a sip of scotch, his face stiffens.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Sir, if I may say, you’re looking a
text: little peaky.
text: A beat later, the Ambassador keels over, revealing a Chinese
text: THROWING STAR imbedded in his back.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: This meeting’s definitely over!
text: When they spin, they come face to face with Okumura. He's
text: flanked by TWO HOSTESSES who have throwing stars poised in
text: their hands. As Rick reaches for his gun, Okumura’s metallic
text: hand flies up and vice-grips his throat.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Where is the Eye?
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: I think you have me confused with a
text: twenty-foot croc with a serious
dialog: case of indigestion.
text: Okumura forces Rick to his knees.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY (0.S.)
dialog: I suggest you give the man what he
dialog: wants.
text: Evy turns and finds Willoughby at the doorway holding a gun
text: on her. Rick removes the Eye from the heel of his boot and
text: tosses it into Okumura’s waiting hands...
scene_heading: INT. ROTUNDA - BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: As the last guest heads outside, THREE HOSTESSES lock the
text: doors. They smile flirtatiously at the three Soldiers .
text: guarding the chariot, then in a blur of hands expertly hurl
text: throwing stars at them. The Soldiers drop to the marble,
text: dead, just as Okumura and Willoughby lead Rick and Evy in.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (to Willoughby)
dialog: How could you do this? You're a
dialog: knight of the crown.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: Empires come and go, Evelyn, you
dialog: should know that better than
dialog: anybody. Britain is the past,
dialog: Japan's the future.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Stupid son of a bitch. How much
dialog: yen did Okumura pay you?
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: Enough for me to suggest to the
dialog: Home Office that you two should
dialog: follow him to India.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: You set us up.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: Those silly titles come in handy
dialog: sometimes.
text: Suddenly, the chandelier goes out. Willoughby grins.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: It’s show time.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS - BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: BOOOOOOM! A cascade of fireworks EXPLODES overhead. Alex
text: heads through the crowd, spots Jonathan.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Any sign of Mum and Dad?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: You know them, they’re probably in
text: some quiet’ corner snogging.
text: Alex smiles, then sees Lily heading for the Rotunda. As he
text: follows after her...
scene_heading: INT. ROTUNDA - BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: Evy stares at Willoughby in contempt.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: There’s a special place in hell for
dialog: people who sell out their country.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: I didn’t sell out, General Okumura
dialog: financed Alex's dig.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Who better to find a mummy than an
dialog: O’Connell...
dialog: (turning to Evy)
dialog: ... and who better to raise one
dialog: than you, Evelyn.
text: Another firework blossoms. Rick and Evy stare in shock as
text: Okumura holds up Zohora’s TERRA COTTA BOOK OF THE DEAD.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Impossible! There’s only one Book
dialog: of the Dead.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: Emperor Qin Shihuang had a terra
dialog: cotta copy. I’ve been searching
dialog: for it for years. Finally tracked
text: it to a fishing village in Nepal.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I implore you if the Emperor rises,
dialog: he’1l...
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: ... bring about death and
dialog: destruction. That’s the point.
text: Rick understands.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: He’s your doomsday weapon.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Japan will win the war without a
dialog: single casualty.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: It’s a mummy, not a genie. Trust
dialog: me, these guys only work for
dialog: themselves.
text: Okumura SLAMS Rick in the face. Willoughby steps to Evy with
dialog: the Book of the Dead.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’1l never read it.
text: Okumura shoves his gun against Rick’s head.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: If you don’t, your husband dies,
dialog: then I kill your son.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: You touch Alex and I swear to
dialog: God...
text: Okumura COCKS the gun. Evy and Rick exchange anguished
text: glances. Finally, she succumbs.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Give me the Book.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: You always were the sensible one,
dialog: Evelyn.
text: As Willoughby hands her the Book, Okumura steps to the
text: sarcophagus. He taps the symbols in the cartouche like an
text: ancient combination lock. The lid splits open with a
text: DEAFENING CRACK. Evy and Rick watch in horror as the lid
text: slowly slides away and Emperor Qin Shihuang’s terra cotta
text: mummy rises in the purple glow of another firework. Evy
text: cautiously opens the book.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Evy, don’t do it!
text: Evy ignores his plea.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: God forgive me.
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: Alex steps around the side of the building, but there’s no
text: sign of Lily. Some petals drop in front of him, he looks up
text: and sees Lily climbing off a wisteria lattice and onto...
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: Alex climbs up, doesn’t see anyone. He steps across the
text: gravel to the glass dome, stares down, and is shocked to see
text: Evy reading from the Book of the Dead. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I can’t take them anywhere.
text: As another firework mushrooms, he sees Lily shimmying down a
text: chain and stepping onto the enormous crystal chandelier that
text: dangles directly over the Emperor Mummy’s sarcophagus.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lily?
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: INT. ROTUNDA - BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: PUSH IN ON EVY as she reads from the terra cotta Book of the
text: Dead. The ancient Egyptian incantation echoes and fireworks
text: wash everything in eerie Technicolor.
text: PUSH IN ON RICK as a fierce wind whips and the Emperor Mummy
text: is cocooned in CRACKLING tongues of white hot energy.
text: PUSH IN ON OKUMURA AND WILLOUGHBY watching in awe as the
text: spectacle reaches a crescendo, then subsides. Okumura and
text: Willoughby step forward expectantly, but the Emperor does not
text: move. He looks glossy and wet like a newly molded statue.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Why hasn’t the Emperor risen?
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: She must have misread the book!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: I most certainly did not!
text: Willoughby jabs the wet clay with one of his fat fingers and
text: shakes his head in contempt.
speaker_heading: WILLOUGHBY
dialog: There’s a reason I never let this
dialog: woman into the Bembri--
text: With shocking suddenness, the. Emperor’s arm reaches up and
text: grabs Willoughby’s face. Willoughby ROARS in agony as the
text: Emperor Mummy sucks his life force. As the Emperor Mummy’s
text: skin hardens, Willoughby turns to terra cotta. Finally, the
text: Emperor Mummy releases his grip. Willoughby falls back and
text: SHATTERS on the floor like a porcelain doll.
text: Rick and Evy watch in horror as the Emperor Mummy lurches up
text: and gulps his first breath of air in 2,200 years. His
text: hardened lids pop open and he stares at them with
text: Willoughby’s watery blue eyes. Okumura turns to them.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: At least you can die knowing you've
dialog: aided a great cause.
text: As he raises his gun...
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: Alex watches alarmed. He gets an idea, whips out the
text: slingshot and scoops up a stone. He carefully steps onto the
text: glass rotunda and takes aim at Okumura.
scene_heading: INT. ROTUNDA - BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: Lily is crouched on the chandelier. She pulls out a dragon-
text: hilted dagger. It looks exactly like the one the Emperor
text: used to stab Zohora. She’s about to leap down when...
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - BRITISH CONSULATE ~ NIGHT
text: ... Alex fires. The stone BULLETS through the glass...
scene_heading: INT. ROTUNDA - BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: ... misses Okumura by a mile, ricochets off the bronze
text: chariot, PINGS against the chandelier, before SHATTERING the
text: nose of the Emperor Mummy clean off. As maggots writhe out
text: through the stub, Evy turns to Rick.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: He’s still breakable.
text: But Rick is following Okumura’s gaze up to...
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Alex.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: I’m beyond rusty.
text: Bullets BLAST up through the dome. He looks down to see
text: Okumura FIRING at him. Before he has time to run, the glass
text: rotunda spiderwebs and Alex is sent tumbling.
scene_heading: INT. ROTUNDA - BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: As Alex plummets in a shower of glass,
text: ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE!
text: Lily reaches out, catches his arm and swings him onto the
text: chandelier. Hostess #3 whips a throwing star up at Alex. It
text: misses him by a whisker but nicks the chain holding the
text: chandelier. Before Hostess #3 can get off another star, Evy
text: smashes the Book of the Dead over her head, obliterating it.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Stay away from my son!
text: Rick slides across the floor, snaps Willoughby’s gun out of
text: his terra cotta fingers, and starts FIRING at the Emperor
text: Mummy. The bullets drill right through his hard shell ina
text: spray of desiccated bone and maggots. As Rick’s gun CLICKS
text: empty, Okumura steps to the Emperor Mummy’s side.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: (in ancient Chinese)
dialog: You must come with me. Everything
dialog: will be explained.
text: Lily sees Hostesses #4 and #5 stalking Evy. As they launch
text: their throwing stars, Lily somersaults off the chandelier and
text: dive-tackles Evy out of the way. The Hostesses stare in
text: horror as they are impaled by each other’s stars.
text: As the Emperor Mummy sees Lily, his eyes flash with strange
text: recognition. Then he presses his palm against one of the
text: bronze horses, causing bolts of energy to cloak the statues.
text: Rick watches amazed as
text: THE STATUES ANGRILY COME TO LIFE!
text: They stomp their hooves and whip their metallic heads. When
text: the light show subsides, the Emperor Mummy and Okumura climb
text: onto the chariot. Rick is about to give chase when he hears
text: a SNAP! He sees the chandelier has broken free with Alex
text: still clinging to it. Rick rolls out of the way as it
text: SMASHES down while Alex falls into the sarcophagus, knocking
text: himself out. Rick shakes his head.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: That’s my boy.
text: Lily dashes forward, rolls under the chariot and clutches the
text: undercarriage as it speeds towards the French doors.
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH CONSULATE - NIGHT
text: Jonathan looks around, irritated.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Where the hell is everybody?
text: He’s crossing back to the house when the chariot powers
text: through the French doors in an EXPLOSION of wood and glass.
text: Jonathan dives free and stares at the Emperor Mummy, who’s
text: holding the reins, as the chariot barrels past.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Oh no. Not again.
text: Terrified GUESTS scatter as the four bronze horses stampede
text: across the perfectly manicured lawn. The chariot’s two-foot
text: wheel spikes amputate the legs off a row of statues. Then
text: Jonathan sees the chariot is headed for a row of parked cars.
text: His Bentley is smack in the middle!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Watch out for....
text: He winces as the horses SMASH right over it, their metallic
text: hooves trampling it to the ground.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: .«.. my beautiful, brand-new
dialog: Bentley.
text: A canvas-roof truck SKIDS to a stop next to him. Evy is
text: behind the wheel. Rick leans out of the back.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Get in! We have to save Alex.
text: Before he can protest, Rick yanks him into the truck. As it
text: takes off in pursuit, we see the words “DRAGON FIREWORKS CO.,
text: SHANGHAI” painted on the truck’s back-flap.
speaker_heading: THE CHARIOT
text: speeds down the drive. TWO GUARDS OPEN FIRE, then scramble
text: out of the way. The horses blast through the massive gates
text: like an ancient battering ram. Lily desperately clings to
text: the undercarriage as the gates SLAM to the ground in a shower
text: of sparks and the chariot bursts out into...
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI STREET - NIGHT
text: It’s like a demolition derby. The chariot destroys
text: everything in its path. Rickshaws, bicycles and market
text: stalls are SMASHED to smithereens. It plows through an open-
text: air restaurant, sending CUSTOMERS scrambling.
text: EVY -- turns on her wipers as a deluge of chop suey and
text: dumplings splatters across the windshield.
text: RICK AND JONATHAN -- are jackhammered around in the back.
text: Jonathan RANTS as Rick searches crates of fireworks.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: God! You two are like mummy
text: magnets.
dialog: 48.
text: Rick hands him a fat-ass rocket.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Aim for the Emperor. We can still
text: shatter him.
text: Rick RIPS a section of the canvas away, giving him a view
text: over the cab. He ignites the end of a firework and aims it
text: at the chariot like a shoulder-held rocket launcher.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARIOT - NIGHT
text: Alex is coming around. He pokes his head out of the
text: sarcophagus and sees a firework streaking towards him! He
text: ducks back down as the projectile HISSES over him and snakes
text: past the Emperor Mummy and Okumura. The Emperor Mummy whips
text: the horses to go faster as TWO MORE rockets follow.
scene_heading: INT. FIREWORKS TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Jonathan grabs the biggest firework. It’s a four-foot
text: monster. He lights the fuse and heaves it onto his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Let slip the dogs of war!
text: KABOOOOOOOOM! The concussive force sends Jonathan flying
text: back. The rocket SCREAMS down the street, misses the
text: chariot, and impacts with a parked car, causing it to
text: EXPLODE. The flaming vehicle is launched 10 feet into the
text: air and flips as it crashes into the road right in front of
text: THE FIREWORKS TRUCK!
text: Evy frantically jerks the wheel and violently lurches the
text: truck up a sloping side street.
scene_heading: INT. SARCOPHAGUS - NIGHT
text: Alex peeps up over the lid, sees the Emperor Mummy and
text: Okumura. He’s about to make a move when he’s tackled back
text: into the sarcophagus by Lily. Alex stares at her in shock.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What are you doing? First you’re
text: climbing down chandeliers, now
dialog: you’re jumping onto chariots. Are
dialog: you trying to get yourself killed?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I was trying to rescue you.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (flattered surprise)
dialog: Really?
text: As the chariot speeds over a pothole, they are thrown into
text: each other’s arms.
scene_heading: INT. FIREWORKS TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Rick pops his head out and stares down over the rooftops and
text: is surprised to see they’ve pulled ahead of the chariot
text: that’s charging down the street below. As the truck sweeps
text: past a house that’s under construction, Rick gets an idea.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Stop the truck!
text: Evy hits the brakes, sending Jonathan flying onto his ass
text: ‘again. Rick dives off and grabs a bicycle that’s leaning
text: against a wall. He shouts back to Evy.
speaker_heading: OQ’ CONNELL
dialog: Keep going!
text: Jonathan climbs into the front as she takes off.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Rick leaps onto the bike, pedals furiously towards the
text: construction site, rides up a wooden plank and onto the roof!
text: Now, he careens down the tiled rooftops, flies right over an
text: alley, traverses a courtyard. Finally, he powers down a
text: long, sloping roof. He uses it like a half-pipe, launches
text: himself up over the street just as
speaker_heading: THE CHARIOT
text: passes. Alex and Lily disentangle themselves, stare up from
text: the sarcophagus as Rick sails through the air.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Was that your dad?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yeah, he’s got a hero complex.
dialog: It’s kind of embarrassing.
text: Rick SMASH-LANDS onto one of the front horses, lets go of the
text: bike, which is MANGLED under the CLATTERING hooves. He pulls
text: his gun as he swings up onto the beast’s back and FIRES at
text: the Emperor Mummy, BLASTING off one of his ears.
dialog: 50.
text: OKUMURA OPENS FIRE. Rick ducks as BULLETS ricochet off the
text: metal steeds. But then one hits the harness strap and severs
text: it in two! No longer constrained, the horse gallops free.
text: Rick bounces, in nut-numbing agony, as the horse heads for an
dialog: ornamental moon door that’s way too small!
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Whoa!
text: Rick ducks as the horse SMASH-DRIVES through and out into...
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI STREET - NIGHT
text: A parade is in full swing. A 60-MAN ceremonial dragon is
text: weaving its way down the packed street. DRUMMERS pound and
text: strings of red firecrackers BANG! Rick’s horse “dissects”
text: the dragon in three, plows through the drummers, then leaps
text: over the heads of the COWERING CROWD and into an alley.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER SHANGHAI STREET - NIGHT
text: The chariot is hurtling when the fireworks truck SKID-TURNS
text: around a corner. Jonathan leans out, gun BLAZING. Okumura
text: RETURNS FIRE. One of his rounds SHATTERS the truck’s
text: windshield and RIPS through the partition and into...
scene_heading: INT. BACK ~ FIREWORKS TRUCK - NIGHT
text: The bullet ignites a CRATE OF FIRECRACKERS, setting off a
dialog: chain reaction.
scene_heading: INT. SARCOPHAGUS - NIGHT
text: Lily peeks out, then looks back at Alex as she climbs out.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Stay down.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lily, I have a lot more experience
dialog: with mumm--
text: She cuts him off with a kiss. He looks at her in shock.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Just wait here, okay?
text: As he tries to follow, his elbow inadvertently hits a button,
text: which causes the lid of the sarcophagus to start to close.
text: Alex reaches up and wrestles with the jade slab.
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARIOT - NIGHT
text: Unaware of Alex’s trouble, Lily stalks up to the front of the
text: chariot. She pulls out her dragon dagger, but light glints
text: off its blade, alerting Okumura. As he spins to face her...
scene_heading: INT. CAB - FIREWORKS TRUCK - NIGHT
text: ++. @ roman candle side-winds into the window. As Jonathan
text: tries to snuff it out, Evy watches through the smoke as
text: Okumura SHOOTS Lily point blank.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh my God!
scene_heading: INT. SARCOPHAGUS - NIGHT
text: Alex has just about pried the lid open when Lily tumbles on
text: top of him and the lid SLAMS shut with awful finality.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY ~— SHANGHAI - NIGHT
text: Lines of wet laundry whip Rick’s face as the horse careens
text: down the cobbles. He desperately pulls on the reins, trying
text: to get it under control. He yanks a pair of bloomers off his
text: face and sees he’s headed straight for a -- DEAD END!
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI STREET - NIGHT
text: FIZZING rockets are now bursting through the fireworks
text: truck’s canvas canopy as it speeds after the chariot.
text: Suddenly, the wall in front of them EXPLODES OPEN and
text: RICK AND THE HORSE
text: burst into view. Rick looks back at Evy and Jonathan, can’t
text: believe he made it. They point, only when Rick swings back
text: does he see that the horse’s head has been ripped clean off!
text: As more BULLETS fly, Rick grabs the reins. Without its head,
text: it actually seems to respond.
scene_heading: INT. SARCOPHAGUS - NIGHT
text: Pitch black. Alex flicks on a lighter, revealing Lily.
text: She’s miraculously unharmed.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Any idea how to get out of here?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: These things usually don’t have
text: ‘directions on the inside.
dialog: 52.
text: As the chariot makes a wild turn, Alex is knocked onto his
text: side and his lighter illuminates a saucer-size gold disc
text: inlaid into the lid of the sarcophagus. It’s engraved with
text: five suns and five moons and is ringed by an inscription.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Maybe the lock’s under here.
text: He attempts to pry the disc out with is fingers, but can’t.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Try this.
text: Alex reacts as she hands him the dragon dagger.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Cool knife.
text: As he levers the disc free...
scene_heading: EXT, WOODEN WHARF - NIGHT
text: It stretches out into the Huangpu River. The chariot churns
text: across the planks and barrels straight off the end! As it
text: arcs toward the water, the Emperor Mummy holds out his hand.
text: Concentric circles of blue-white energy ripple out from his
text: palm and form a 100-yard-wide frozen path.
scene_heading: INT. CAB ~ FIREWORKS TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Evy and Jonathan watch as the chariot SLAMS onto the ice.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Bloody hell, how did he do that?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He can control the five elements.
text: As she spins the wheel and follows Rick onto...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODEN WHARF -— NIGHT
text: Rick hugs the broken neck of his horse as it speeds after the
text: chariot. He closes his eyes as the steed leaps off the wharf
text: and flies towards the ice.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - NIGHT
text: The bronze horse SMACK-SLIDES down. It gallops after the
text: chariot as the fireworks truck SCREECHES to a stop at the end
dialog: of the wharf.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - NIGHT
text: The chariot speeds towaxds Okumura’s junk, which is sitting
text: in the middle of the frozen river. Rick has almost pulled
text: alongside, he takes aim and BLASTS the bolt attaching the
text: sarcophagus carriage to the chariot.
text: As the sarcophagus carriage spins across the ice, the Emperor
text: Mummy swerves into Rick’s path. The chariot’s foot-long
text: wheel-spikes SPARK-SLICE through the horse’s metal legs. As
text: the horse buckles over onto the ice and shatters apart, Rick
text: is violently catapulted free.
text: The chariot pulls up next to the junk, Okumura climbs
text: onboard followed by the Emperor Mummy, who waves his hand
text: across the river, causing the ice to melt. As the ice melts
text: from under it, the carriage plunges into...
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER ~ NIGHT
text: The sarcophagus slides free of the carriage and nose-dives
text: through the moonlit water.
scene_heading: INT. SARCOPHAGUS - NIGHT
text: Water shoots through the cracks. It’s filling up fast.
text: Alex looks into Lily’s eyes, it’s now or never.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lily, there’s something I want to
dialog: tell you before we die...
text: As the water overwhelms them, he manages to blurt out...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: «+. I’m in love with you.
text: Before she can respond, the space fills with water.
text: Suddenly, the sound of HAMMERING echoes.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER - NIGHT
text: Rick is bashing the lid with a foot-long length of a broken
text: bronze horse hoof. The lid finally cracks apart and he
text: stares into Alex and Lily’s grateful faces.
scene_heading: EXT. WHARF ~ NIGHT
text: The junk sails into the mist as Evy and Jonathan look out
text: into the dark water, distraught.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Rick... Alex...
dialog: 54.
text: As if in answer, Rick, Alex and Lily break the surface and
text: climb onto the dock. Evy races to Alex, fusses over him.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Mum, I’m alright.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Thanks to Mr. O’Connell.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Years of practice pulling Alex's
text: fanny out of the fire.
text: Rick doesn’t see, but we do, that Alex is stung by his quip.
text: Meanwhile, Evy looks at Lily, unsure.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’d say you can handle yourself,
dialog: too. Those were some impressive
text: moves back at the Consulate.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: My mother taught me self-defense.
text: As Alex and Lily walk down the dock, Evy stares after them.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Evy, you’ve got that look, what’s
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I could have sworn I saw Okumura
dialog: shoot Lily.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Must have missed.
text: They hear a WOLF-WHISTLE, turn and see Jonathan standing by
text: the smoking fireworks truck.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Come on, undead on the loose.
dialog: Chop. Chop.
text: As Rick and Evy climb in, Alex pulls Lily aside.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Look, about what I said...
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: It’s okay, Alex, you were staring
dialog: death in the face,
dialog: 55.
text: As she gets in, Alex shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Why couldn’t I have just drowned?
text: As he climbs into a truck next to Lily...
scene_heading: EXT. JUNK - DAY
text: Its three triangular sails SNAP as the vessel silently sweeps
text: past mist-draped mountains. Okumura stands at the bow,
text: studying a map, while his CREW hustles around him.
scene_heading: INT, CABIN - JUNK - DAY
text: The Emperor Mummy studies his wounds in a mirror. Fat
text: maggots feast on his fossilized guts which poke out of his
text: bullet-riddled torso. There’s A KNOCK. Without turning he
text: looks up. Through the bullet hole under his left eye, a MAN
text: can be seen at the door behind him holding a tray of food.
text: As the Emperor spins to face him...
scene_heading: EXT. JUNK - DAY
text: A blood-curdling SCREAM rings out. The CREW of JAPANESE
text: SAILORS instantly stops and fearfully looks at Okumura, who
text: is studying a map with a TIBETAN MONK.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Keep working!
scene_heading: INT. CABIN ~ JUNK - DAY
text: The Emperor Mummy holds the SCREAMING Man by the face.
text: Daggers of light cut through the Man and heal the Emperor
text: Mummy’s wounds. As the Emperor Mummy drops the Man’s corpse,
text: which smashes onto the floor, Okumura is revealed.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: Why did you raise me from my
dialog: slumber? The curse still weighs
dialog: on me.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Your condition is temporary.
text: The Emperor Mummy looks at Okumura with piercing contempt.
text: Without warning, the Emperor Mummy grabs Okumura’s mechanical
text: arm. As he thrusts it to Okumura’s throat, the metal
text: appendage morphs into a razor-sharp scimitar blade.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: The last general I trusted betrayed
dialog: me. How do I know you won’t do the
dialog: same?
text: The blade presses into Okumura’s flesh.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Because I have found the answer you
dialog: spent a lifetime seeking -- the key
dialog: to eternal life.
text: The Emperor Mummy lets Okumura go, taken by surprise.
text: Okumura hands him the Eye. The Emperor Mummy gazes into the
text: Massive gemstone, awestruck.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Once the curse has been lifted and
dialog: you are immortal, there will be no
dialog: battle you can’t win, no country
dialog: you can’t conquer.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: Conquest requires an army.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Have no fear, your warriors will be
dialog: ready.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: What do you hope to gain?
text: Okumura steps to a large globe, spins it with his finger.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: To rule the world by your side.
text: The Emperor Mummy studies the globe, intrigued.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: The world is round?
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Yes, and much bigger than the last
dialog: time you conquered it.
text: The Emperor Mummy smiles malevolently.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: When the dragon roars again, you
dialog: shall receive your just reward.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. “IMHOTEP’S” ~ DAY
text: CLOSE ON: THE GOLD DISC. It’s the one Alex pried off the
text: sarcophagus. PULL BACK TO REVEAL the O’Connells, Alex
text: Jonathan and Lily in a booth. It’s after closing. Rick
text: juggles the skull box while Alex and Lily examine the disc.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: It’s a Chinese talisman.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Can you translate it?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It’s a warning to the Emperor.
text: Once awakened, he has five days to
dialog: attain immortality or else he’1l
dialog: turn to dust.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: So even though your mother read
dialog: from the Book of the Dead, he’s not
dialog: immortal?
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: Not yet. He’s merely undead.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Where exactly does one go to attain
dialog: immortality?
text: Evy puts the pieces together.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The Spring of Eternal Life. That’s
dialog: why Okumura needs the Eye of
text: Pemako, to find Shangri-La.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Is this Eye some sort of map?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: More like a beacon. If the Bye is
text: placed in the Temple of Whispering
dialog: Skulls, it will point the way
dialog: through the Valley-of a Thousand
text: Waterfalls. Behind one of them is
dialog: Shangri-La.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: But that’s only a legend.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: This family’s never met a legend
dialog: that wasn’t true.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where exactly is this Temple?
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: Hidden somewhere in the Himalayas.
text: Alex sees Rick playing with the skull box, gets an idea.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Was the Eye in this?
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Yeah, but I already checked it
dialog: over. Didn’t find any map.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: In Tibetan tradition, skulls are
dialog: sacred keepsakes, they store
dialog: memories...
text: Alex grabs a votive candle from the table.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: ++. all we need to do is illuminate
dialog: them.
text: He flips open the skull’s lid and places the candle inside.
text: Like an ancient jack-o’-lantern, the eyes project a crude map
text: onto the wall.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: That’s my boy!
text: She hugs him, but he pulls away, embarrassed by the display.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Can you please not be that Mum
dialog: right now.
text: They cross to the map projection. It looks like a Chinese
text: silk painting and features a stylized impression of a vast
text: mountain range. The Temple of Whispering Skulls is in the
text: middle and overlooks a long, narrow valley of waterfalls.
text: Alex points to the river that snakes through mountains.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Looks like the Tsangpo River. It
text: cuts right through the Himalayas
text: and leads straight to the Temple.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Explains why our friends were
text: travelling by junk.
text: Lily studies a block of text at the bottom of the map.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: (translating)
dialog: “Climb the Ladder to Heaven or
dialog: cross the Devil’s Gorge, either
dialog: path will lead to enlightenment.”
text: Evy points to a staircase.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The Ladder must be these stairs in
text: the cliff face.
text: Rick’s finger charts the tortuous overland route.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: If we can cross the Gorge, we could
dialog: still beat them to the Temple.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Or we could all die a horrible
dialog: frozen death.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Way to stay positive, Uncle Jon.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Not to join the chorus, but that
text: region is completely inaccessible.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Who built the temple?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Tibetan monks.
text: Rick grins, a plan clearly forming in his head.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Maybe it’s time we found religion.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
text: The HIMALAYAS. The pristine peaks pierce the indigo sky like
text: shark’s teeth. PAN ACROSS lines of whipping Tibetan Prayer
text: flags TO REVEAL the burned-out shell of a monastery.
dialog: ‘60.
scene_heading: EXT, TIBETAN MONASTARY - DAY
text: Rick, Evy, Jonathan and Alex inspect the devastated interior.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Who the hell would burn down a
dialog: monastary?
text: Lily approaches.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: The villagers say it was ransacked
dialog: by Japanese soldiers two weeks ago.
dialog: All the monks were rounded up and
text: put on a train.
text: As they absorb this, Alex sniffs the air.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What’s the stench?
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
text: Smells like tequila.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: More like yak wine.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Yak wine? That’s wrong in so many
dialog: ways.
text: Rick passes a scorched chest and hears a WHEEZING noise. He
text: puts up his hand and they all stop. He pulls his gun, swings
text: open the chest, causing a TIBETAN MONK to tumble out along
text: with two dozen empty goat-bladder flasks. This is TEQUILA.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Looks like they missed one.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Is he dead?
text: Rick leans to check his pulse. Suddenly, Tequila lets out a
text: God-awful BELCH. Rick backs away, disgusted.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
text: He’s not dead. He’s drunk.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - TROUGH - DAY
text: ‘Tequila’s face plunges into view and his eyes pop open with
text: bleary shock. He’s yanked back out. Rick smiles.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Rise and shine, Tequila.
scene_heading: EXT. MONASTARY — DAY
text: Tequila has dried off and sits on a stool in his saffron-and-
text: maroon-colored monk’s attire. Lily translates for Rick and
text: Jonathan while Alex and Evy pack the mules in the b.g.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: When the Japanese came, he was
text: meditating in a cave. His lama had
dialog: banished him there to sober up.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Gives new meaning to “cold turkey”.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Ask him if he can lead us over the
dialog: Devil’s Gorge?
text: Lily translates.
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: (to Lily in Tibetan)
dialog: Crazy round eyes! Never. It’s
dialog: suicide.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: (to Rick)
text: He’s thinking about it.
text: Rick pulls out some money, fans it in front of Tequila.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: For God’s sake, Rick, he’s a holy
dialog: man. He can’t be bribed.
text: Tequila greedily snatches the cash, says something to Lily.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: He says he’d be honored to show us
dialog: the way.
text: As Tequila heads away, Rick turns to Jonathan.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Better pick up another mule and a
text: six pack of yak juice for the road.
scene_heading: MONTAGE - EXT. HIMALAYAS - DAY
text: TEQUILA -~ leads the way through a mist-wreathed forest.
dialog: 62.
text: A ROARING WHITE-WATER RIVER -- the party gingerly leads its
text: mules across a flimsy bamboo-and-vine footbridge.
text: A SHEPHERD BOY -- stares with amused wonder as the gang
text: trudges past, headed towards the cloud~capped mountains.
text: THE CARAVAN ~- is silhouetted against the sky as they
text: traverse the treacherous snow-covered spine of a mountain.
text: MOUNTAINSIDE -~ sharp snowflakes cut the party’s progress as
text: they wade through banks of pure-white powder. They’ re now
text: wearing heavy fur-lined coats and boots.
text: RICK AND EVY -- emerge through the clouds onto an undulating
text: plateau of snow and stare in awe at the surrounding peaks.
text: TEQUILA -- leads the party single file along a narrow snow-
text: covered path. It snakes around the near-vertical face of a
text: gorge. Suddenly, the path disintegrates from under him.
text: Lily just manages to reach out and wrench him to safety. As
text: the group leaps over the three-foot hole, CAMERA FOLLOWS some
text: dislodged rocks as they tumble into the clouds 1,000 feet
text: below. As the rocks pass through the clouds, CAMERA REVEALS
scene_heading: THE EMPEROR MUMMY’S JUNK
text: barreling down the jade-colored river below. As the rocks
text: CLATTER ACROSS the moss-covered boulders, the Emperor Mummy
text: looks up into the clouds, curious.
scene_heading: END MONTAGE.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE - NIGHT
text: It’s sheltered under an arching overhang. Evy studies a map
text: by lantern light. Alex catches her stealing glances at Lily,
text: who stands by the fire conferring with Tequila.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Mum, you’ve been watching Lily
dialog: round the clock. What’s going on?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m not sure, but how well do you
dialog: really know her, Alex?
text: Before he can answer, Lily and Rick join them.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Tequila says we should make it to
dialog: the Devil’s Gorge by noon,
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Good. Let’s get some shuteye.
text: Alex follows Rick.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Dad, if you want to bunk with Mum,
dialog: I could sleep with Lily.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: (patting him on shoulder)
dialog: Nice try, kiddo.
text: Defeated, Alex steps to Lily, who’s getting into her tent.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: So if you need anything. I/11 be
dialog: right over there. Just holler or
dialog: whistle or knock on my flap.
text: Lily smiles.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Good night, Alex.
text: As Alex sighs, CAMERA FINDS Jonathan and Tequila sitting by
text: the fire. Tequila rolls his eyes as Jonathan takes another
text: swig of yak wine.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: That stuff’s not bad.
dialog: (puckering lips)
dialog: Once you get used to the vomit-like
dialog: aftertaste.
text: Jonathan hands back the flask and steps to Rick. Tequila
text: attempts to take a drink, but finds the flask is empty. As
text: he angrily tosses the flask into the fire...
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Jonathan, you take the first watch.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Don’t worry, Tequila’s got it
dialog: covered.
text: Rick looks over and sees Tequila with his eyes closed.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
text: Looks like he’s sleeping.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
text: He’s in a very deep state of
dialog: meditation. If you approach, he’11
dialog: spring into action, he’s got the
dialog: reflexes of a tiger. Trust me, we
dialog: couldn’t be in safer hands.
text: As they head into their respective tents, CAMERA STAYS ON
text: TEQUILA. As he begins to SNORE...
scene_heading: INT. RICK & ALEX’S TENT - NIGHT
text: Alex is practicing his gun-drawing technique with his shadow.
speaker_heading: O/ CONNELL
dialog: Getting ready for a gunfight?
text: Alex spins and finds Rick at the threshold.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Just practicing. Which one do you
dialog: think I should carry? The
dialog: Remington or the Colt.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: It’s funny, you look like my son,
dialog: but he speaks twelve dead
dialog: languages, spends most of the time
text: in the library, and hates guns.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yeah, well, I realized that girls
dialog: aren’t interested in that kind of
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: By girls you mean Lily.
text: Alex slumps onto his sleeping bag.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’ve been in love with her since
dialog: the first time we met, I think she
dialog: likes me, too, but there’s
dialog: something holding her back. I
dialog: finally figured out what it is.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She wants me to be more like you.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Alex, when I was your age, I was a
dialog: macho jerk who wandered around the
dialog: world looking for a good time.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yeah, but you were heroic and
dialog: always saved the day and women were
dialog: throwing themselves at you, right?
text: Rick shrugs, modestly.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Well, yeah, sure.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: We share the same genes, Dad, so my
dialog: heroic side’s got to be in there
dialog: somewhere. How do I find it?
text: Rick looks at Alex, it’s everything he’s ever wanted to hear
text: from his son, but he weighs his response carefully.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: You really want my advice?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’m in your hands.
speaker_heading: OQ’ CONNELL
dialog: Be yourself, Alex. If Lily doesn’t
dialog: recognize what a great guy you are,
dialog: then she’s not the one.
dialog: OFF this father-and-son moment...
scene_heading: INT. EVY & LILY’S TENT - NIGHT
text: Evy and Lily are in sleeping bags. Both reading by lantern
text: light, Evy casually looks up from her book.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Alex was telling me that Tibetan is
dialog: one of the most difficult languages
dialog: to master. Yours is excellent.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I’ve been studying it at
dialog: university.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Is that so, because when I called
dialog: they had no record of you being
dialog: registered in any department.
text: Only now does Lily look up.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Why are you checking up on me, Mrs.
dialog: 0’ Connell?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Because nothing about you seems to
dialog: add up. You lied about being a
dialog: student and you took an interest in
dialog: Alex just when he started searching
dialog: for the Emperor.
text: Lily holds Evy’s gaze.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: My intentions are as noble as
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What about Alex? You know he’s
dialog: madly in love with you. I’d hate
dialog: to think you’re using him.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I care deeply about your son, Mrs.
dialog: O'Connell. That’s the truth.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Alex may be well-travelled, but
dialog: he’s naive when it comes to affairs
dialog: of the heart. If you hurt him,
dialog: you're going to have to answer to
dialog: me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Good night, Lily.
text: OFF Lily shaken, as Evy turns off the lantern.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE - NIGHT
text: As the light goes out in Evy and Lily’s tent, CAMERA TRACKS
text: THROUGH the flurrying snow. It DRIFTS PAST Tequila, who’s
text: fast asleep and now has tiny icicles dangling from his
text: nostrils. It CONTINUES into the bleakness until it FINDS TWO
text: EMERALD GREEN EYES watching the camp from the shadows.
scene_heading: EXT. DECREPIT JETTY - TSANGPO RIVER ~- DAY
text: The crewmen bow as Okumura leads the Emperor Mummy down the
text: gangplank. They join Major Suki and the Tibetan Monk.
speaker_heading: MAJOR SUKI
dialog: He says this is the Ladder of
text: Heaven. It leads to the Temple.
dialog: 67.
text: They stare up at the crumbling stone staircase that zigzags
text: up the sheer cliff face. The Emperor Mummy and Okumura
text: follow as Suki and the Monk lead the ascent.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN ~ DAY
text: Tequila guides the O’Connells up a steep snowbank and onto
text: the crest of a 1,000-foot-wide chasm. He nods to Lily.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: This is it. The Devil’s Gorge.
text: As they cross to the gondola that’s perched on the edge of
dialog: the precipice...
scene_heading: EXT. LADDER TO HEAVEN - DAY
text: The Emperor Mummy and Okumura are followed by an entourage of
text: JAPANESE SOLDIERS. Suddenly, a section of the steps breaks
text: away, sending Major Suki and the Monk plunging to their
text: deaths. The Emperor Mummy puts his hand on the cliff and
text: replacement slabs ERUPT out of the stone. As he climbs on...
scene_heading: EXT. DEVIL’S GORGE - DAY
text: The gondola is suspended on a rope connected to two wooden
text: towers on either side of the chasm. It's shaped like a boat
text: and its extravagantly painted sides are faded with time.
scene_heading: INT. GONDOLA - DAY
text: Rick and Alex sit in the bow, furiously turning the handles
text: of a set of wooden winches. Evy, Lily, Jonathan and Tequila
text: sit behind them with their weight evenly dispersed.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Come on, lads, put your backs into
dialog: it. We haven’t got all day.
text: Rick and Alex exchange a look.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: It would be a lot easier if we had
dialog: one less passenger.
text: Jonathan turns away, chastised. He looks over the side and
text: peers through a patch of torn clouds and sees that the valley
text: 3,000 feet below is covered with evil-looking stalagmites.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Why don’t I give you boys a hand.
dialog: 68.
text: As he makes his way to the front of the gondola, there’s a
text: horrible snap. All look up as the rope BREAKS and the
text: gondola plummets into the clouds.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: We’re all going to...
text: The gondola smacks down on the very edge of the gorge. It
text: teeters for a moment, then dips forward and surfs down the
dialog: mountain,
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: -+- Giiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiie!
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN - DAY
text: The gondola powers through the snow, picking up speed. It
text: SLAMS across a plain of moguls, jackhammering everyone
text: inside. The plain narrows into
text: A SMOOTH-WALLED CHANNEL OF ICE.
text: Like an oversized toboggan, the gondola tears down the narrow
text: chute. As the passage opens up, the gondola flies across a
text: 30-foot chasm. It doesn’t stop as it SMASH-LANDS back to
text: earth. It plows on, RIPS a path through the lines anchoring
text: 1,000 tattered prayer flags before
speaker_heading: CRASHING
text: to a stop in a massive snowbank. There’s an EERIE SILENCE
text: before Rick pops out of the snow and finds himself staring
text: into the eyes of a skull. It’s one of a million that are
text: embedded in the walls of the TEMPLE OF WHISPERING SKULLS.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: I think we found our temple.
text: It looks like a square-tiered wedding cake and is crowned
text: with a golden stupa. The structure is perched on the edge of
text: a ridge overlooking the Valley of a Thousand Waterfalls. The
text: others join Rick as he stares out at the breathtaking vista.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Looks like we beat them here.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: The Emperor’s only got until dawn
dialog: tomorrow to become immortal or he
text: turns to dust.
text: Rick pulls a Thompson machine gun from a saddlebag.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Let’s roll out the welcome mat.
scene_heading: EXT. LADDER OF HEAVEN - DAY
text: The Emperor and Okumura climb the last step and smile as they
text: peer at the Temple of Whispering Skulls. As they trudge
text: across the gravel to the front door, the soldiers follow.
scene_heading: INT. BALCONY - TEMPLE OF WHISPERING SKULLS - DAY
text: As the wind WASHES across the skull walls, it creates a
text: GHOSTLY WHISPERING sound. Rick, Evy, Jonathan, Alex and Lily
text: are positioned along the balcony overlooking the entrance,
text: their weapons trained on the Emperor Mummy. Tequila sits in
text: a corner, madly spinning a handheld prayer wheel, as Rick
text: gives the signal and they OPEN FIRE!
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS a line of bullets. As they SPIRAL towards the
text: Emperor Mummy, the gravel in front of him springs up and
text: forms a tight, defensive wall which absorbs the DEAFENING
text: assault. As their guns RATTLE empty, the O’Connells peer
text: through the smoke and look at the wall in shock.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: There’s a neat trick.
text: The Emperor SNAPS his fingers, causing the gravel wall to
text: split apart and rocket towards the Temple. They dive for
text: cover as the fury of granite projectiles EXPLODES through the
text: skull walls in an ecstasy of shattered bone and teeth. As
text: they scramble up, Alex looks around and realizes Lily’s gone.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Where's Lily?
scene_heading: EXT. TURRET - TEMPLE OF WHISPERING SKULLS - DAY
text: Lily puts her flame-shaped silver pendant to her lips and
text: blows. A HIGH-PITCHED WHISTLE echoes across the valley.
scene_heading: INT. INNER COURTYARD - TEMPLE OF WHISPERING SKULLS - DAY
text: Rods of light cut through the riddled walls as Rick, Evy,
text: Alex and Jonathan barrel towards the back door. Before they
text: reach it, the door flies open and THREE JAPANESE SOLDIERS
text: stride in. Our heroes spin back just as the Emperor Mummy
text: and Okumura sweep in. Rick and the others drop their guns
text: and put up their hands in surrender.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: I'm afraid this is where your
text: adventure ends, Mr. O'Connell.
dialog: 70.
text: As he raises his weapon, a paint-peeling HOWL reverberates.
text: They look up and see a 10-FOOT YETI on the roof of the
text: courtyard, silhouetted against the sun.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: What on God’s earth is that?
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Yeti.
text: Four more Yeti join the CHORUS and leap onto the surrounding
text: turrets. Despite their size, they move with fast, ape-like
text: agility. They’re covered head to toe in thick white fur and
text: have piercing emerald-green eyes. As their lethal saber~
text: tooth jaws suggest, they’re far from cuddly. The Yeti spring
text: down into the courtyard, causing the building to shake as
text: they land, and go on the attack.
text: A Yeti grabs two Japanese Soldiers and effortlessly flings
text: them into a wall, knocking them out.
text: Jonathan and Tequila take cover behind a giant gong as mayhem
text: ensues.
text: A Yeti somersaults in front of Rick and Alex, yanks them into
text: the air, and is about to slingshot them when Lily issues it a
text: SHARP GUTTURAL ORDER. It obeys, unceremoniously drops them
text: to the floor, and springs away. Rick looks at Alex.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: She speaks Yeti?
text: Alex is just as shocked.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Apparently.
text: Lily sees the Emperor Mummy heading for the stairs. She
text: unsheathes her dragon dagger and hurls it. CAMERA FOLLOWS as
text: it spins through the chaos and nails the Emperor Mummy in the
text: shoulder. He ROARS in pain and light explodes out of his
text: wound. He wrenches the biade free, stares at Lily in
text: surprise, then whips the weapon back at her. She dives away
text: and the dagger is impaled in a column. Concerned, Okumura
text: races to the Emperor’s side and places the Eye in his palm.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: You must put the eye in the stupa.
text: With his eyes still fixed on Lily, the Emperor Mummy heads
dialog: for the stairs.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Come on, Dad! We can’t let him get
dialog: to the roof!
text: Rick follows Alex. He’s almost caught up when Okumura steps
text: out from behind a statue and SMASH-PUNCHES him in the gut.
text: Rick flies back into a wall of skulls, winded. Then he darts
text: out of the way as Okumura comes at him again. Okumura’s
text: metallic fist PULVERIZES a skull.
text: Rick swings a punch, but Okumura catches it and CRUSHES
text: Rick’s hand. Suddenly, a long brass candlestick WHIPS across
text: Okumura’s back. He angrily spins and finds Evy. He
text: violently HAND-RAMS her in the chest, sending her SLAMMING
text: into an altar, knocking her out.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Evy!
text: Enraged, Rick barrels into Okumura and the fight is on!
text: The Emperor Mummy is marching across the balcony when a Yeti
text: leaps in front of him. Fearless, the Emperor Mummy grabs the
text: Yeti by the throat and instantly freezes the beast!
text: The Yeti tumbles back through the wooden railing and SMASHES
text: into a couple of Japanese Soldiers who are stalking Lily in
text: the courtyard below. As the Emperor Mummy continues his
text: climb, Alex is revealed following.
text: Rick and Okumura slug it out against the frame of a massive
text: bronze prayer wheel. Okumura’s fist SPLINTERS the wooden
text: supports, freeing the wheel which powers across the courtyard
text: like an ANCIENT STEAMROLLER. As they continue to battle,
speaker_heading: LILY
text: trades martial-arts moves with a Japanese Soldier. In an
text: awesome display, she spin~kicks the guy into a Yeti, who
text: picks him up and javelin-throws him into the giant gong.
text: As it BOOMS, Jonathan and Tequila emerge, shaking. Jonathan
text: sees the prayer wheel THUNDERING towards them. He tackles
text: Tequila out of the way. As the wheel BULLDOZERS through the
text: wall, they’re buried in a mound of skulls.
text: Okumura pummels Rick with a series of brain-numbing punches.
text: Finally, Rick slumps to his knees, spent. Okumura smiles.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Once the Emperor is immortal, all
dialog: Americans will bow at my feet.
dialog: 72.
text: As Okumura jacks his arm back to deliver the death blow, a
text: Yeti grabs it. Okumura SCREAMS as the creature catapults him
text: straight over the temple wall.
scene_heading: EXT. LADDER TO HEAVEN - DAY
text: Okumura flies over the cliff and plummets towards the clouds.
text: As he falls, he reaches out and grabs onto one of the stone
text: steps with his metallic hand.
scene_heading: INT. COURTYARD - TEMPLE OF WHISPERING SKULLS - DAY
text: Rick grins up at his furry savior.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: I owe you one, buddy.
text: Rick scrambles over to Evy, who is coming around.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’1l be fine. Go help Alex.
text: As Rick heads up the stairs, Jonathan and Tequila pull
text: themselves out of the pile of skulls. When they turn, they
text: come face to face with a Yeti. As they SCREAM, the Yeti
text: SCREAMS back and they’re blasted by spit and noxious breath.
text: Terrified, the duo hurtles out through the hole in the wall.
scene_heading: EXT, STUPA - TEMPLE OF WHISPERING SKULLS - DAY
text: The Emperor Mummy is climbing the steps that run up the
text: golden domed stupa. Alex is lining up a shot, has him dead
text: in his sights, when Rick bursts out from below. The Emperor
text: Mummy spins, points to a bronze flagpole. It RIPS free,
text: flies through the air headed straight for Rick.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Dad! Watch out!
text: Alex pushes Rick out of the way and CRIES OUT as the pole
text: impales him like a spear. Rick looks over as Alex collapses.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Alex...
text: Rick kneels at Alex’s side, realizes he’s dying.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Hang on. You hear me!
text: Rick sees the Emperor Mummy has made it to the top of the
text: stupa. Rick whips out four sticks of dynamite, ties them
text: with a bandana and torches their fuses. He stands.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Taste some 20th-Century firepower,
dialog: you bastard!
text: He hurls THE IMPROMPTU BOMB. It SPIN-SPARKS through the air
text: and right over the Emperor Mummy’s head. He looks at Rick
text: mockingly as it EXPLODES in midair and its BOOM ricochets
text: across the mountains. The Emperor Mummy turns back. He’s
text: about to slot the Eye into place when a DEEP REVERBERATING
text: CRACK echoes and a massive shelf of snow begins
speaker_heading: AVALANCHING
text: down the mountain towards the temple. PUSH IN ON RICK as he
text: smiles with satisfaction.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Ain’t Mother Nature a bitch.
text: PUSH IN ON THE EMPEROR MUMMY as he realizes he’s in seriously
text: deep shit. He opens his mouth in a FURIOUS ROAR.
text: ANGLE ON AVALANCHE as a giant impression of the Emperor’s
text: roaring face appears out of the snow.
scene_heading: INT. COURTYARD - TEMPLE OF WHISPERING SKULLS - DAY
text: As the sound of the avalanche RUMBLES, the Yeti freeze. Lily
text: pulls the dragon dagger from the column as she shouts to Evy.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Avalanche! Take cover!
text: As Evy dives under the altar, Lily CLUCKS an order to a Yeti.
scene_heading: EXT. STUPA - TEMPLE OF WHISPERING SKULLS - DAY.
text: The Emperor Mummy slows the avalanche’s progress, but the
text: exertion is taking its toll. He grimaces in pain.
text: ANGLE ON AVALANCHE. The snow impression of the Emperor
text: Mummy’s face reacts in confusion, then crumbles. Now the
text: wall of snow speeds unfettered towards the temple.
text: As the Emperor stands defiant, Rick hugs Alex. A Yeti leaps
text: up as the avalanche SLAMS into the stupa, scoops Rick under
text: one arm and Alex under the other. It springboards away as
text: the Emperor Mummy is swept away in the freezing tsunami.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: EXT. TEMPLE OF WHISPERING SKULLS - DAY
text: The tidal wave of snow washes overhead as the Yeti, clutching
text: Rick and Alex, hits the ground. Jonathan and Tequila aren’t
text: so lucky, they stare in horror.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN /TEQUILA
dialog: Oh dea--/Holy shi--
text: Their cries are lost as they are caught up in the torrent.
scene_heading: EXT. LADDER TO HEAVEN - DAY
text: Okumura has hauled himself up and is catching his breath when
text: the avalanche vomits towards him. OFF his panic...
scene_heading: EXT. TEMPLE OF WHISPERING SKULLS - DAY
text: The last of the white wave washes over the temple, leaving it
text: submerged in snow. SILENCE descends. CAMERA PANS TO REVEAL
text: a Yeti sniffing the air with his bear-like nose. He takes
text: three steps, punches into the snow, and yanks out Jonathan
text: and Tequila. They dangle upside down.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Well done, you big ugly brute. A
dialog: St. Bernard couldn’t have done
dialog: better. Although I don’t suppose
dialog: you come with one of those little
dialog: barrels of brandy, do you?
text: The Yeti SNARLS and drops them. They pick themselves up and
text: race to Evy and Lily, who climb out the front door. Evy sees
text: Rick cradling Alex; horrified, she runs over. He’s deathly
text: pale and a circle of blood stains the snow.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Come on, Alex! Say something!
text: Alex looks up weakly.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’m sorry... I didn’t stop him.
text: His eyes roll back as he loses consciousness.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: You’re not dying on me!
text: Evy cradles Alex’s head in her hands.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Sweetie, stay with us.
dialog: 75.
text: Rick looks at her, distraught.
speaker_heading: O/’ CONNELL
dialog: I can’t stop the bleeding.
text: Lily steps in, flanked by the Yeti. She looks at Alex,
text: anguished, makes up her mind.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: We’1ll take him to Shangri-La.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: That’s going to be kinda hard
dialog: without the Eye.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I’11 show you the way.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: How are you gonna do that?
text: Evy studies Lily’s face, it all starts to make sense.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Because Shangri-La is her home.
text: OFF Rick’s stunned reaction...
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY OF A THOUSAND WATERFALLS - DAY
text: Waterfalls cascade as far as the eye can see. The party is
text: escorted by four Yeti while the one carrying Alex leads the
text: way. Rick steps to Lily’s side, looks at his son. .
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: How’s he doing?
text: Lily CLUCKS to the Yeti carrying Alex. It CLUCKS back.
speaker_heading: LILY
text: He’s weak but holding on. He was
dialog: brave to do what he did. He must
dialog: get that from you.
text: Ricks smiles sadly. Lily gently strokes Alex’s face.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: If I had destroyed the Emperor,
dialog: Alex would be okay.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Is that what you’ve been trying to
dialog: do?
dialog: 76.
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I’m sorry I couldn’t be honest with
dialog: you or Alex. But I was sworn to
dialog: protect Shangri-La at all costs.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why are you breaking that promise
dialog: now?
text: Lily looks at Alex, then at Evy, finally confesses.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Because I love your son.
text: The Yeti holding Alex stops in front of a raging waterfall
text: and gently places Alex in Rick’s arms.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: The Yeti are the guardians of
text: Shangri-La, but they cannot enter
dialog: the realm.
dialog: (re: waterfall)
dialog: Step through.
scene_heading: INT. GROTTO ~ DAY
text: Their distorted silhouettes are visible through the rippling
text: curtain of water. They emerge on the other side bone dry.
text: Lily crosses to the beautiful lotus-shaped fountain that
text: bubbles up in the middle of the cavern.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The Spring of Eternal Life.
text: Lily cups a handful of water and splashes it across Alex’s
text: wound. They watch as Alex miraculously heals.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Mum... Dad.
text: Evy looks at Lily.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Thank you.
text: Alex GROANS as he sits up. Rick and Evy smile, relieved.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Where are we?
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Your girlfriend’s place.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Dad, she’s not my girl--
text: Before he can finish, Lily kisses him, overjoyed by his
text: recovery. As he blushes in delight, TWO ROBED MEN appear.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: First you must disarm, no weapons
dialog: or worldly possessions are allowed
dialog: in Shangri-La.
text: Lily gestures to the golden cauldrons that are piled against
text: the walls. Some contain weapons while others overflow with
text: gold, diamonds and priceless jewels.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: This place makes Hamunaptra look
text: like a piggy bank.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No sticky fingers, Jonathan.
text: Rick pulls out an inordinate number of guns and knives that
text: are hidden on his body, realizes everyone is staring at him.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: What?
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGRI-LA -— DAY
text: Now disarmed, the gang steps out and stares in wonder at the
text: valley below which is lined with terraces of paddy fields,
text: tropical orchards and silky waterfalls. A village of pagoda-
text: like houses sits on the banks of a glimmering lake.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Now this is more like it.
text: AN OMINOUS GONG booms across the valley.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: My mother's ready for us.
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL PAVILION - SHANGRI~LA - DAY
text: A WOMAN, in a distinctive embroidered silk robe, stands on a
text: balcony. Only when Lily enters does the Woman turn and we
text: see it’s ZOHORA. She_hasn’t aged a day in over 2,000 years.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: My child.
text: They warmly embrace. Lily hands her the dragon dagger.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: Has the Emperor been destroyed?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: There were a few complications.
text: zZohora reacts as the O’Connells, Jonathan and Tequila enter.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: You’ve got quite a place here,
dialog: (as Evy elbows him)
dialog: But I’m sure you already knew that.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Without their bravery, the Emperor
dialog: would have discovered Shangri-La.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA.
dialog: I understand, but I let you out
dialog: into the world to prevent the
dialog: Emperor’s return. You were not to
dialog: involve mortals.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Believe it or not, some of us
dialog: mortals have experience in the
dialog: mummy department.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: I am well aware of your family’s
dialog: exploits, Mr. O’Connell. Which is
dialog: why I sent Lily when I learned your
dialog: son was searching for the Emperor’s
dialog: tomb.
text: Guilty, Lily looks at Alex.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Alex, I wanted to tell you, but--
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It’s easier to say you don’t date
dialog: colleagues than admit you’re an
dialog: immortal from Shangri-La. I
dialog: understand.
text: Lily smiles, relieved. Rick looks at Zohora.
dialog: 79,
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: The Emperor may be down, but he’s
dialog: not out. He still has twelve hours
dialog: to find this place.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: I’ve already dispatched a party of
dialog: Yeti to retrieve the Eye. Without
text: it, he cannot find the Spring and
dialog: break the curse.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: With all due respect to your furry
dialog: friends, they’re no match for a
text: mummy .
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: No one knows the Emperor better
dialog: than I do, Mr. O’Connell. I’m the
dialog: one who cursed him.
dialog: (off their surprise)
dialog: I found the Book of the Dead. As a
dialog: reward, the Emperor stabbed me and
dialog: murdered the only man I ever loved.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIMALAYAS - NIGHT
text: Zohora rides through the blinding snowstorm.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA (V.O.)
dialog: I escaped into the night and rode
dialog: for days.
text: Weak, she finally topples off her horse and lands in a
text: powdery drift, still clutching the terra cotta Book of the
text: Dead. A shadow falls across her face. She looks up and sees
text: the outline of a Yeti silhouetted against the moon.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA (V.O.)
dialog: The Yeti found me as I lay dying.
scene_heading: INT. GROTTO - DAWN
speaker_heading: ZOHORA (V.0O.)
dialog: They sensed I was with child and
dialog: brought me to the Spring.
text: The Yeti gently lays Zohora next to the GURGLING Spring.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA (V.O.)
dialog: I knew I wouldn’t survive the
dialog: night, so I used the Book to
dialog: enchant the Spring. Whoever drank
dialog: from it would become immortal.
text: Zohora WHISPERS an incantation from the Book, causing the
text: Spring to bubble with light. As Zohora drinks, the CAMERA
text: FOLLOWS a trail of water as it flows out and cascades into...
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY - DAWN
text: The bleak ice landscape undergoes a magical transformation.
text: Trees and vegetation sprout, maturing in seconds, melting the
text: snow which forms the sparkling lake,
speaker_heading: ZOHORA (V.O.)
dialog: And so Shangri-La was born. It’s a
dialog: Yeti word that means “valley of
dialog: dreams”. I saw it as a utopia from
dialog: a world that grew crueller by the
dialog: day. Here we would be safe from
text: the Emperor and tyrants like him.
text: The frozen waterfalls that ring the valley begin to gush.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA (V.0O.)
dialog: Over the centuries, the Yeti
dialog: brought lost and dying travellers
dialog: to the Spring.
text: We see a motley collection of people step through the
text: waterfall from every race and era: CRUSADER KNIGHTS,
scene_heading: RENAISSANCE TRADERS, VICTORIAN EXPLORERS.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA (V.O.)
dialog: All chose to stay and make this
dialog: their home...
scene_heading: INT. GROTTO - SHANGRI-LA - DAY
text: A new arrival, FU, wears his threadbare imperial robes. He
text: tosses his purse into one of the golden cauldrons.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA (V.0.)
dialog: ++. except one. He was among our
dialog: first inhabitants. An imperial
dialog: eunuch named Fu. He expressed
dialog: gratitude that I’d freed him from
text: the Emperor’s tyranny, but secretly
dialog: he wished to bring his master back.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. ZOHORA’S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: While Zohora sleeps, Fu climbs through the window and crosses
text: to the Book of the Dead which sits on her desk.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA (V.0O.)
dialog: So he stole the Book of the Dead.
scene_heading: EXT. HIMALAYAS - DAY
text: Fu gallops along a narrow mountain path overlooking a river
text: when a Yeti leaps in front of him. As Fu tries to spin back,
text: another Yeti nails him in the heart with the dragon dagger.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA (V.0O.)
text: The Yeti tracked him down, but the
dialog: Book was lost to antiquity.
text: Fu SCREAMS as his body rapidly ages. As his wizened corpse
text: falls from the saddle, the backpack with the Book tumbles
text: over the cliff and drops into the river below.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - DAY
text: The book slowly twists into the darkness.
scene_heading: END FLASHBACK.
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL PAVILION - SHANGRI-LA - DAY
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: I feared that someday it would be
dialog: found and used to raise the
dialog: Emperor. Now that day has come.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Well, I’m not going to wait around
text: here until he comes knocking.
text: Zohora nods her understanding.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: If you insist on facing the
dialog: Emperor, you’re going to need this.
text: She hands him the dragon dagger.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: It’s the dagger he stabbed me with.
dialog: I enchanted the blade. It’s the
dialog: only weapon that can kill an
dialog: immortal. But it must pierce his
dialog: heart.
dialog: 82.
text: Rick nods his thanks, then turns to Evy.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Come on, Evy.
dialog: (to Alex)
dialog: Alex, you stay here with Jonathan
dialog: and Tequila.
text: As Ricks steps to the door, Alex blocks his way.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Dad, I’m going with you.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: You almost died out there. I won’t
dialog: let that happen again.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I can take care of myself. You
dialog: have to stop treating me like a
dialog: child.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Sorry, I’m your dad. It’s an
dialog: occupational hazard.
text: OFF Alex’s frustration as Rick and Evy head out.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF FACE - DAY
text: CAMERA SWEEPS UP PAST the remains of the Ladder of Heaven and
text: FINDS Okumura struggling up the sheer rock face with his
text: metallic arm. He finally pulls himself over the top.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN - DAY
text: As he lies PANTING, he sees FIVE YETI watching his
text: predicament. As they step towards him holding spears, one of
text: them stops, sniffs the air, as though sensing danger. With
text: shocking suddenness, two giant arms formed of snow reach out
text: of the ground, grab the creature by its legs, and
speaker_heading: YANK
text: it straight down into the snow. In violent succession, the
text: other Yeti are pulled under until they’ve vanished. The arms
text: morph into the Emperor’s dragon insignia. Okumura scrambles
text: away as the insignia melts and
scene_heading: THE EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: 83.
text: is revealed lying in the circular pit. His torso is crazed
text: with cracks and half his face has broken off, revealing his
text: maggot-infested skull and brain. Still clutching the Eye, he
text: walks up the smooth-walled trench that magically melts before
text: him. It leads straight to the top of the stupa.
text: Okumura watches as the Emperor Mummy places the Eye into the
text: circular depression that’s hollowed out of the bronze flame
text: that still graces the top of the stupa. As
speaker_heading: SUNLIGHT
text: hits the Eye, the flame glows and a circle of emerald light
text: explodes out across the valley. Slowly, the band narrows
text: until it’s a single line of light which pinpoints one of the
text: waterfalls on the far side of the valley. OFF the Emperor
text: Mummy’s smile of satisfaction...
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFALL - DAY
text: Rick and Evy step out from behind the THUNDERING cascade and
text: are greeted by TWO YETI GUARDS. As one leads Rick and Evy up
text: the path snow begins to swirl. Rick looks up as the sun is
text: smothered by black storm clouds. OFF this ominous portent...
scene_heading: EXT. JETTY - LAKE - SHANGRI-LA - NIGHT
text: Fireflies dance across the water. Lily stands in the golden
text: moonlight with her back to Alex as he approaches.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’d give a penny for your thoughts,
dialog: but you don’t allow money in here.
text: When she doesn’t turn, he comes around and sees tears
text: shimmering down her face.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Alex, this isn’t going to work
dialog: between us.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Look, if it’s the age difference?
dialog: Because I have no problem dating an
dialog: older woman.
text: She puts a finger to his lips.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: You have to understand I’m going to
dialog: live forever. 1/11 be here until
text: earth’s dying light.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Then I’11 drink from the Spring,
dialog: too. We can watch the end of the
dialog: world together.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: If you did that, you could never
dialog: leave Shangri-La. I know you,
dialog: Alex, you couldn’t spend eternity
text: stuck on the sidelines.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Come back to Shanghai, it’s not
dialog: paradise, but at least we’1l have
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I can’t leave here again and I
dialog: can’t ask you to stay.
text: Distraught, she walks away. Alex calls after her.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lily, wait! There must be a way.
text: Lily looks back, her heart breaking.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I’m sorry, Alex.
text: As she heads off, teary eyed, CAMERA FINDS Zohora watching.
text: OFF her look of maternal resignation...
scene_heading: INT. LILY’S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Zohora enters and finds Lily lying on her bed. Zohora
text: gently sits on the edge of the bed.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: I knew that once I let you into the
dialog: world that you wouldn’t want to
dialog: return. You have your father’s
dialog: restless spirit.
text: Lily wipes her tears as she slowly turns to face her.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Out there I felt emotions I never
dialog: had. Fear, exhilaration...
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: «+. love?
dialog: 85.
text: Lily nods.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: Do you want to spend the rest of
dialog: your life with Alex?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I'd like the chance to find out.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: Are you prepared to sacrifice your
dialog: immortality?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: If only that were possible.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: It is.
text: Lily stares in surprise as Zohora holds up a small blown-
text: glass bottle containing an aqua-blue liquid.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: Once you drink this, you can never
dialog: return to Shangri-La.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Mother, why are you doing this?
text: Zohora looks into her daughter’s eyes.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: Because after 2,000 years, I think
dialog: it’s time you chose your own
dialog: destiny.
dialog: OFF this emotional moment...
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN PATH - NIGHT
text: Snow is coming down thick and fast. A bitter wind WAILS.
text: Rick and Evy struggle through the blizzard when the Yeti
text: walking in front of them is suddenly yanked into the snow.
text: Rick spins back, catches a glimpse of the Emperor Mummy and
text: Okumura. As he races towards them, “snow arms” burst up and
text: wrap around his legs. As he is dragged down, Rick grabs the
speaker_heading: DRAGON DAGGER
text: and slices through the arm that’s pulling him under in a
text: spray of hot steam and white light. As another “snow arm”
text: twists up, Rick cuts it in two and dives for Evy. He grabs
text: her arm a second before she is yanked under.
dialog: 86.
text: It’s a desperate tug-0’-war but finally, he pulls her torso
text: free and hacks the arm that’s holding her. As the amputated
text: “limb” thrashes like a beheaded snake, Rick and Evy take off
dialog: after the Emperor Mummy.
scene_heading: INT. GROTTO - NIGHT
text: Moonlight filters through the curtain of water as the
text: silhouettes of Okumura and the Emperor Mummy appear. They
text: step through and the Emperor Mummy stares at the Spring.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Your search is finally over, my
dialog: Lord.
text: The Emperor slowly turns to face him, smiles.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: Kneel and swear allegiance to me.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: (confused)
dialog: But we had an agreement. I am to
dialog: rule by your side.
text: The Emperor Mummy pokes his finger into Okumura’s forehead.
text: His skin smokes like it’s been seared by a cigarette lighter.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: There is only one emperor.
text: In agony, Okumura falls to his knees and bows.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: I serve only you.
text: The Emperor Mummy removes his finger, steps into the Spring
text: of Eternal Life and hungrily gulps the water. As the water
text: courses over his body, it sparkles with energy. A new brain
text: forms in his broken head, a new eyeball sprouts and skin
text: grafts across his cracked torso. He ROARS in triumph...
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: The world is mine.
text: As he fills a silver flask with Spring water...
scene_heading: INT. CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Jonathan and Tequila are wrapped in towels, lying side by
text: side, getting massages from a QUARTET OF STUNNING GIRLS.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Now this is what I call paradise.
dialog: 87.
text: Suddenly, the shutters blow open and their breath fogs.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Is it me or did it just get chilly?
text: They peer out the window and see a wave of ice sheeting out
text: across the valley from the mouth of the cavern.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGRI-LA - NIGHT
text: Terrified RESIDENTS run in panic as Jonathan and Tequila
text: burst out, half naked. They struggle to put on their clothes
text: as they race over to Alex.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: The Emperor’s here.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Where are your parents when we need
dialog: them?
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh God, I hope nothing’s happened--
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You can’t think that way, Uncle
dialog: Jon.
text: Zohora and Lily run up.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: You must leave Shangri-La. Lily
dialog: will show you the way.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’m not going anywhere.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Alex, if you try and fight the
dialog: Emperor here, you'll lose.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: The Emperor will return to his
dialog: palace and use the Spring water to
dialog: raise his army. You must unlock
dialog: the River of Spirits before his
text: warriors reach the Great Wall.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: River of Spirits?
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: That’s the only way to stop them.
dialog: Lily will explain.
dialog: 88.
text: The ice sweeps across the lake towards the village.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: Now go! The fate of the world
dialog: depends on you.
text: As they race away...
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: Total chaos. People SCREAM as ice washes down the street,
text: freezing everything in its path. As Zohora spins back, she
text: sees the Emperor Mummy. His eyes flash with surprise.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: Zohora, I thought your bones would
dialog: be dust by now... but you’re as
dialog: beautiful as the day you betrayed
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: My only regret is that I didn’t
dialog: kill you when I had the chance.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: Then I would never have met your
dialog: daughter. She possesses your
dialog: beauty and her father’s courage.
dialog: She will make an even better queen
dialog: than you.
text: Zohora reacts in desperation.
speaker_heading: ZOHORA
dialog: Your fight is with me. Spare Lily
dialog: and my people. I beg you.
text: The Emperor Mummy smiles menacingly as he steps closer.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: They shall feel the full wrath of
dialog: your curse.
text: Her terrified subjects watch as the Emperor Mummy grabs
text: Zohora and kisses her. He stands back and watches as the
text: terra cotta curse washes over Zohora and her people.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN PATH - NIGHT
text: Rick and Evy race through the blinding snow and arrive at the
text: entrance to Shangri-La, but find the Yeti Guard dead and the
dialog: waterfall frozen solid,
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: We’ re too late!
text: Evy pounds on the solid ice curtain, grief stricken.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Alex!
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - NIGHT
text: Alex and the gang run with a THRONG through the trees.
text: Suddenly, the crowd suffers the same fate as the warriors in
text: the opening and turn to terra cotta. As the path opens onto
text: a waterfall, Jonathan stops, untouched by the curse.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Why didn’t we turn into lawn
dialog: ornaments?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: The curse must only affect
dialog: immortals.
text: They all turn to Lily. She holds up the glass vial Zohora
text: gave her. It’s now empty. Alex realizes her sacrifice.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Oh God, Lily, I never meant for you
dialog: to--
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: It’s okay, Alex. It was my choice
dialog: to make.
text: The moment is broken by the sound of ice CRACKLING through
text: the jungle. They scramble through the waterfall and into...
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN - NIGHT
text: Lily points to a tunnel.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Follow the trail, it’11 lead you
text: out through the mountain.
text: She steps back to the waterfall.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I won’t let my mother face the
dialog: Emperor alone.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: LILY (CONT'D)
dialog: (kissing him)
dialog: I love you.
text: She dives back through the waterfall just before it freezes.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lily, no!
text: Alex races forward, POUNDS the ice wall, but it’s futile.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - SHANGRI-LA ~ NIGHT
text: Lily runs past the petrified citizens until she sees the
text: Emperor Mummy standing in front of Zohora’s terra cotta form.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Mother!
text: She lunges at the Emperor Mummy. But Okumura intercepts her
text: and forces Lily to her knees.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I'll never bow to you.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: I don’t expect you to bow. I
dialog: expect you to share my bed and pay
dialog: for your mother’s sins.
text: OFF her look of defiance...
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN — DAY
text: Sunlight bleeds across Alex, Jonathan and Tequila as they
text: trudge over the harsh, windswept snowscape.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Exactly how far is the Emperor’s
dialog: palace?
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: About a thousand miles.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Perfect, so if we don’t die of
dialog: frost bite, we should be there
dialog: sometime next year.
text: A BUZZING SOUND ECHOES.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Hopefully, that’s a herd of Yeti to
dialog: the rescue.
dialog: 91.
text: As the sound GROWS LOUDER, Alex shouts...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: GET DOWN!
text: All dive as two silver cargo planes ROAR overhead.
scene_heading: EXT, FROZEN LAKE ~— DAY
text: The Emperor Mummy and Okumura wait with Lily as the planes
text: touch down on the ice.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: Machines that can fly. I often
dialog: dreamt of such a thing.
text: As the Emperor Mummy, Lily and Okumura head for one of the
text: planes, they pass 10 wooden mule carts piled with the
text: treasure-filled cauldrons from Shangri-La. As SIX JAPANESE
text: SOLDIERS begin loading the cauldrons into the other plane...
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGE - DAY
text: Alex, Jonathan and Tequila cautiously creep up to the edge
text: and peer down into the valley. Alex catches sight of Lily as
text: she disappears up the gangplank of the plane.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lily!
text: He’s about to charge after her when a hand pulls him back.
text: Alex spins in surprise and is overjoyed to find
dialog: RICK AND EVY!
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Mum! Dad! Thank God.
text: All embrace. Rick looks down at Lily’s plane as it begins to
text: taxi across the lake, then turns back to Alex.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: We'll get her back, son. I
dialog: promise.
text: OFF Alex’s distress as the plane lifts off...
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - DAY
text: The Japanese Soldiers have paired up and are struggling to
text: carry the last three cauldrons into the plane.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. CARGO PLANE - DAY
text: The Soldiers put the cauldrons down. They’re catching their
text: breath when Rick erupts out of a cauldron in an explosion of
text: coins and fists. He punches out two of the Soldiers and
text: grabs their guns as they crumble. Then Evy and Alex burst up
text: and punch out another two Soldiers. However, the last two
text: Soldiers swing up their weapons. A tense stand-off.
speaker_heading: Of CONNELL
dialog: Now would be a good time, Jonathan.
text: Jonathan pops out of a cauldron behind the Soldiers,
text: brandishing a jewelled scepter, and takes them both out.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: The old Ali Baba trick, works every
dialog: time. :
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Where the hell were you?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: (re: scepter)
dialog: Sorry, got a little distracted.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DAY
text: The PILOT is checking the gauges when the nose of a machine
text: gun digs into his neck. PULL BACK TO REVEAL RICK.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Change of flight plan.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - DUSK
text: As the plane soars into the cloudless sky, REVEAL the six
text: Japanese Soldiers shivering in the snow in their underwear.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - NIGHT
text: Moonlight flashes off the plane’s metallic body as its
text: propellers CHURN through the clouds at 20,000 feet.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - NIGHT
text: Tequila is drinking sake while Jonathan is conferring with
text: the Pilot in pigeon Japanese. Rick enters.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: My Japanese is a little rough, but
dialog: he says we’re not far from the
dialog: Emperor’s palace.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Don’t take your eyes off him.
text: Jonathan awkwardly holds up his gun.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
text: He’s going to feel my gaze boring
text: into the back of his head.
text: Rick steps back into...
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - CARGO PLANE - NIGHT
text: ... Evy and Alex are waiting.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Zohora said we had to unlock the
dialog: River of Spirits. It’s the only
dialog: way to stop the warriors.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Chinese history is your forte,
dialog: kiddo. Any idea what she was
dialog: talking about?
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: The Emperor threw the bodies of his
text: enemies in a river that stretched
text: thousands of miles across China.
dialog: Legend has it that he slaughtered
dialog: so many people, the river ran dry.
text: Evy’s mind whirs as she puts it together.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The water may be gone, but the
dialog: spirits of the dead still flow
dialog: through it. Where is this river?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: There.
text: Alex points out the window as the plane banks revealing the
text: Great Wall in the distance.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: The Emperor built the Great Wall
text: over it.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: So the Wall’s really a giant tomb.
text: Alex nods.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: The Emperor must have feared that
dialog: the vanquished spirits would come
text: back and seek revenge. He built
dialog: the Wall to keep them in.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Great, all we’ve got to do is
dialog: unlock this ghost river before the
text: mummy and his terra-cotta army take
text: over the world.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Thankfully nobody’s spent more time
dialog: in tombs than the three of us. Or
dialog: at least, anyone with a pulse.
text: An EXPLOSION booms up from the ground. They all rush into...
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - NIGHT
text: Rick grabs binoculars and looks out the window.
text: WHAT HE SEES: A fireball consuming a railroad bridge that
text: _ traverses a wide desert chasm. As the bridge collapses...
text: The Pilot uses the distraction to surreptitiously reach under
text: his seat and unsheathe a razor-sharp dagger.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
text: Looks like a railroad bridge.
dialog: Guess they don’t want anyone
text: gatecrashing the palace.
text: The plane tilts.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: We’ re veering off course.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: (to Pilot)
dialog: Hey, no funny business.
text: When he nudges him with the gun, the Pilot slumps back,
text: revealing the dagger protruding from his chest.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Bloody hell, he’s stabbed himself!
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: He committed hara-kiri. It’s a
dialog: Japanese ritual.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: They believe it’s more honorable to
dialog: kill yourself than face the
dialog: humiliation of capture.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: That’s crazy! The honorable thing
dialog: to do is to land the plane first,
dialog: then kill yourself.
text: Rick pushes the dead Pilot out of the chair. As he takes the
text: controls, the steering column comes off in his hands.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Okay, this isn’t good.
text: They hear a WHISTLE, turn and find Evy holding a parachute.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Do we have enough?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Almost.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
text: CAMERA TRACKS ACROSS RICK, EVY AND ALEX wearing parachutes
text: until it FINDS Jonathan and Tequila strapped together, facing
text: each other, sharing a single chute.
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: (Tibetan with subtitles)
dialog: Why do I have to share with this
dialog: idiot?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Tequila’s a little nervous, you
dialog: three go first.
text: Rick looks at Jonathan, suspicious.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: (re: cauldrons)
dialog: Jonathan, no gold.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Perish the thought.
text: He waits as Rick, Evy and Alex jump from the plane.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: We’re just going to take a few
text: souvenirs for the road.
dialog: 96.
text: He drags Tequila over to a cauldron and stuffs gold coins and
text: handfuls of jewels into his pockets. Finally, he grabs the
text: scepter in one hand and a gold Buddha statue in the other.
text: Tequila shoots him an angry look.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: What? This one’s for you.
text: Before he can get his hands on anything else, the plane
text: lurches, sending the duo tumbling out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - NIGHT
text: They spin into the darkness. Jonathan tries to pull the
text: cord, but can’t reach it because his hands are full.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Pull the cord!
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: I have no idea what you’re saying!
text: He looks down to see the other three parachutes open.
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: Where is our flowering plume of
dialog: cloud?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
text: PULL THE BLOODY CORD!
text: He begins making hand gestures which further confuse Tequila.
text: Then over Jonathan’s shoulder, Tequila sees the pilotless
text: plane swing around and head straight for them.
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: The metal bird! It’s going to kill
dialog: us! Do something!
text: He starts wildly pointing.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
text: DON’T POINT! PULL!
text: As the plane careens towards them, Tequila SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: For God’s sake, hold these!
text: He thrusts the treasure into Tequila’s hands and pulls the
text: cord. As the parachute sprouts open, they are violently
text: jerked up, missing the propeller by a hair.
dialog: 97.
text: Tequila drops the treasure as he SCREAMS. They finally
text: stabilize and watch the plane EXPLODE into the desert below.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Well, that was a close shave.
text: Tequila shakes his head.
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: In another life, you must have been
text: a goat.
text: As they drift towards the golden sand below...
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI DESERT - DAWN
text: Rick, Evy and the Gang crawl to the crest of a ridge and
text: stare in shock at what lies below.
text: WHAT THEY SEE: The Emperor Mummy’s palace. LEGIONS OF SLAVE
text: WORKERS have almost completely excavated it. The army of
text: 100,000 terra cotta Warriors gleams in the early morning
text: sunlight while the Great Wall looms in the distance.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: This should have taken years to
text: excavate.
text: A CHINESE VOICE booms through a series of crude loudspeakers
text: surrounding the complex. The Slave Workers shove each other
text: as they desperately climb onboard a train that’s waiting on
text: the tracks next to the palace. They’re supervised by an
text: ENTOURAGE OF JAPANESE SOLDIERS, some on motorcycles.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Why is everybody rushing for a seat
dialog: on that train?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Because they’re being told they’ re
dialog: going back to Shanghai.
text: Rick follows the tracks, realizes.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Between here and Shanghai is a
text: bombed-out railroad bridge.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: They’ re not going to free them,
dialog: they’ re going to kill them.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: O' CONNELL
dialog: Not if we can help it.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Dad, look!
text: Rick swings back and watches as a big, onyx-colored
text: convertible sweeps in through the palace gates.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - PALACE - DAY
text: The convertible glides to a stop. The Emperor Mummy, Lily
text: and Okumura climb out. Okumura gestures to the Warriors.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA,
dialog: Your army, my Lord.
text: The Emperor Mummy nods his approval. CAMERA TRACKS THROUGH
text: THE ROWS OF WARRIORS as the trio heads across the courtyard.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - DAY
text: As the last slave car is locked with a THUNDEROUS CLANG, a
text: SOLDIER signals the DRIVER...
scene_heading: INT. ENGINE CAR - TRAIN - DAY
text: .«-- who puts the throttle into “full open”, chains the
text: “reverser”, and jumps free as the train GRINDS into motion.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT — DAY
text: As the train pulls away, Rick, Evy, Alex, Jonathan and
text: Tequila are revealed crouching on the other side.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: (to Evy)
dialog: You and Alex warn the slaves.
dialog: (to Jonathan & Tequila)
text: We’1l get to the engine car.
text: Using the steam as camouflage, they clamber onto the train.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - DAY (MOVING)
text: The train THUNDERS across the desolate landscape. GO WIDE TO
text: REVEAL it’s speeding for the decimated railroad bridge. As
text: Rick, Jonathan and Tequila head across the carriages to the
text: engine car, Evy and Alex run the other way to the slave cars.
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INT. SLAVE CAR - TRAIN - DAY (MOVING)
text: Slats of sweaty light dissect the space. The Slave Workers
text: are packed in like animals, among them is Chang, the |
text: i i i. A GUNSHOT RINGS out, the
text: hatch in the roof slides open, and Alex stares down.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (Chinese with subtitles)
dialog: My name is Alex O’Connell and I’m
dialog: here to help.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - DAY (MOVING)
text: The train is picking up speed as Rick leaps from a carriage
text: onto the coal car. Jonathan and Tequila follow. Tequila
text: loses his balance on the loose coal. Rick is oblivious as
text: Jonathan struggles to pull Tequila back on.
scene_heading: INT. ENGINE CAR - TRAIN - DAY (MOVING)
text: Rick swings in, pulls his gun, BLASTS the chain off the
text: “reverser”, and slams the throttle onto “BRAKE”.
text: CLOSE ON WHEELS: As they SPARK across the gleaming tracks.
text: The bridge is coming up fast. 50 feet. 40 feet. 30 feet.
text: Jonathan’s still trying to pull up Tequila.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Don’t worry, little buddy.
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: Buddha save me!
scene_heading: INT. SLAVE CAR - TRAIN - DAY (MOVING)
text: Evy is crouched with a group of Slaves, holding her breath.
scene_heading: INT. ENGINE CAR - TRAIN - DAY
text: Rick grits his teeth as the behemoth sweeps onto the bridge
text: and crawls to a stop an inch from the twisted end of the
text: track. OFF Jonathan yanking Tequila back up...
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD ~ PALACE - DAY
text: The Emperor Mummy, Okumura and Lily stand at the foot of the
text: palace stairs. The Emperor Mummy surveys his army, then runs
text: a finger through Lily’s hair. He doesn’t take his eyes off
text: her as he orders Okumura to...
dialog: 100. -
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: Take my queen to my bed chamber.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: I am a general, not a servant.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: Do as I command or my warriors will
dialog: wet their blades with your blood.
text: Okumura angrily nods, then leads Lily up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - PALACE - DAY
text: The Emperor reaches for the flask of Eternal Spring water.
text: He pours some into his cupped palm. A black funnel cloud
text: twists up from his hand and into the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ~ DAY
text: The Soldiers stand in awe as they watch the massive black
text: storm cloud blossoming. Suddenly, they hear a CLATTERING
text: sound, turn and see the train barrelling back down the
text: tracks! As they race towards it, WEAPONS BLAZING...
scene_heading: INT. ENGINE CAR - TRAIN - DAY (MOVING)
text: ... Rick, Jonathan and Tequila are crouched. Rick fires his
text: machine gun at the tank of a fuel truck parked near the
text: tracks. It DETONATES, setting off a CHAIN REACTION OF
text: EXPLOSIONS. Japanese Soldiers flail as they are consumed.
text: TWO JEEPS burst through the fireball and power onto the
text: tracks in front of the train. The SOLDIERS OPEN FIRE but
text: jump as they realize the train isn’t stopping. Jonathan and
text: Tequila cower as the train plows through the vehicles which
text: EXPLODE, sending fiery tongues of flame into the engine car.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN CAR - DAY (MOVING)
text: Using the smoking melee for cover, Alex chooses his moment,
text: then leaps off the train and roll-dives into the sand. As he
text: cautiously makes his way towards the palace...
scene_heading: INT. ENGINE CAR - TRAIN ~ DAY (MOVING)
text: Rick is about to get up when GUNFIRE sparks. The train is
text: being chased by TWO SOLDIERS on motorcycles. He RETURNS
text: FIRE, sending both vehicles cartwheeling into the air.
text: Unseen by Rick, another SOLDIER zooms up on the other side.
text: The Soldier has him in his sights when he is blown away!
text: Rick turns as Evy swings into view, her machine gun smoking.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Not bad for a librarian.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Where’s Alex?
text: Rick looks back at the palace, concerned.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Oh God. He went to save the girl.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Because that’s what I’d do.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (to Jonathan & Tequila)
dialog: Get everyone onto the Wall. Hold
dialog: the army back as long as you can.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Wait! Where are you two going?
text: Rick hands Jonathan and Tequila machine guns.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Stop the Mummy, rescue our son and
dialog: save the world.
text: OFF Jonathan’s alarm as Rick and Evy jump off the train...
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - DAY
text: THUNDER BOOMS and forking veins of lightning flash through
text: the swirling storm cloud. Suddenly, it unleashes a
scene_heading: DEAFENING DELUGE.
text: Alex is creeping through the Warriors when the raindrops
text: HAMMER down. Their bodies glow and they utter INHUMAN WAILS
text: as they painfully come to life. A second before their eyes
text: pop open, Alex dives through a door.
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE - DAY
text: The Emperor SNAPS his fingers, causing the rain to stop and
text: the ominous cloud to dissipate. He stares at the rows of
text: living terra cotta Warriors before him.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: You have slumbered too long. The
dialog: reign of the Dragon Emperor begins
dialog: today. We will bring the world to
text: its knees.
text: Steam rises as the sun hits the Warriors’ bodies. They ROAR
text: and BEAT their weapons against the flagstones.
scene_heading: EXT. GREAT WALL - DAY
text: Jonathan and Tequila are helping the Slaves out of the train
text: when the Warriors’ BATTLE CRY echoes across the desert.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Everybody onto the Wall!
text: Chang makes his way through the throng.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: I thought you were a lover, not a
dialog: fighter.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Not today.
text: They smile, then scramble up onto the Wall.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: A JAPANESE SOLDIER has his back to the CAMERA, peeing. As he
text: zips up and turns around, the butt of a machine gun smacks
text: him in the face. As he drops unconscious, REVEAL Rick. He
text: plucks a set of keys from the Soldier's pocket and steps to
text: Evy, who is waiting by the guy’s motorcycle,
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: You wanna drive?
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: The Emperor Mummy watches as his army advances across the
text: sand like an unstoppable flood. But his face darkens when
speaker_heading: A MOTORCYCLE
text: powers up over a dune and beelines towards the oncoming army.
text: Evy is driving and Rick is on the back holding two machine
text: guns. Evy THROTTLES the engine, ramps off a boulder, and
text: launches the bike right over the front line of chariots. As
text: she weaves through the infantry, Rick BLASTS all comers. One
text: warrior loses his arm, another legs, another his head. Rick
text: watches as their wounds miraculously heal.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: They’ re indestructible!
text: A barrage of arrows shoots towards them.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Incoming!
text: They duck as arrows WHIZ over their heads. As Rick and Evy
text: ROAR through the palace gates, the Emperor Mummy shouts to a
text: SQUAD OF FIVE TERRA COTTA WARRIORS. The Warriors follow as
text: the Emperor Mummy sweeps back towards the palace.
scene_heading: INT. EMPEROR’S BEDCHAMBER - PALACE - DAY
text: Dust clings to the giant brass lantern suspended from the
text: ceiling and the silk curtains that drape the bed are now in
text: tatters. Lily struggles as Okumura straps her to a bedpost.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: You’re a fiery one, perhaps I
dialog: should tame you for the Emperor.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Get away from her.
text: Okumura turns to find Alex standing with his gun aimed.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Alex!
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Schoolboys should stay at home.
text: Alex is rattled by Okumura’s laser-cool demeanor.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I swear to God, I’11 shoot you.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: I don’t believe y--
text: BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! Alex unloads his gun. The bullets SMACK
text: Okumura in the chest. He stumbles back. Then he grins and
text: looks up. Alex and Lily watch in disbelief as he rips open
text: his shirt and the bullet wounds heal themselves.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: He drank from the Spring.
text: Okumura pulls off his glove, revealing that his metallic
text: appendage is gone and his arm is now fully restored.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: I couldn’t let the Emperor have all
dialog: the fun.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Alex, run!
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’m not leaving you.
text: Okumura smiles, impressed by Alex’s bravery.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Your father would be proud. ‘Too
dialog: bad you won’t live to tell him.
text: As he lunges at Alex and the gun goes skittering...
scene_heading: EXT. GREAT WALL - DAY
text: Jonathan and Tequila look out as the army swarms across the
text: desert, cutting down the last of the Japanese Soldiers.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: We’re sitting ducks up here. How
dialog: are we going to hold back an army
text: of marauding mummies without any
dialog: weapons?
text: A BANGING SOUND echoes. Jonathan turns in surprise and sees
text: Chang and his men using a makeshift battering ram to SMASH
text: down the door of one the Wall’s turrets.
scene_heading: INT. TURRET - GREAT WALL - DAY
text: Jonathan and Tequila burst inside and are stunned to see the
text: place is stacked, wall to wall, with every kind of ancient
text: weapon. Spears, crossbows, miniature cannons, etc. As the
text: slaves arm themselves, Jonathan turns to Chang, amazed.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Who the hell put these in here?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Every emperor for the last twenty
dialog: centuries. They filled the turrets
dialog: with weapons as an offering to the
dialog: River of Spirits.
text: Jonathan grins.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Score one for Chinese superstition.
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - PALACE - DAY
text: Rick and Evy are halfway across the vast expanse of stone
text: when the Emperor Mummy sweeps through the gates with his
text: Warriors. The Emperor Mummy’s mouth distends and he
text: unleashes an 80-FOOT JET OF FLAME. Rick looks back as the
text: tongue of fire forms into a roaring dragon’s head.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Step on it, Evy, I think we’re
text: really starting to piss him off.
text: As the dragon “snaps” at Rick’s back, Evy powers up the
text: palace steps and skid-turns through the doors.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE - DAY
text: As they head down the hall, “the dragon” torpedoes into the
text: wall behind them, blistering the paintwork, and evaporates in
text: an orgy of sparks...
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - PALACE - DAY
text: The Emperor Mummy’s elongated mouth angrily shuts. He looks
text: around and sees the Japanese Soldiers’ discarded motorcycles.
text: He gets an idea and BARKS an order to his five Warriors.
scene_heading: INT. EMPEROR’S BEDCHAMBER.- PALACE - DAY
text: Okumura SLAMS his fist into Alex, knocking him against a
text: column. Alex peers over at Lily, anguished. Okumura catches
dialog: the exchange.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: Remember that pretty face when I’m
dialog: choking the life out of you.
text: Alex finds new strength, HEAD-BUTTS Okumura.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: At least I won’t spend eternity as
text: the Emperor’s lap dog.
text: Enraged, Okumura backhands Alex, sending him flying across
text: the floor. Alex lands right next to the gun. As Okumura
text: strides towards him, Alex wrenches the weapon into view.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: For someone so educated, you’re not
dialog: very smart. I’m bulletproof.
text: Alex FIRES. The bullet BUZZES past Okumura.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: That's your best shot?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I wasn’t aiming at you.
text: Suddenly, Okumura hears the rope holding the giant brass
text: lantern SNAP. He looks up in horror as the lantern falls
text: towards him. He doesn’t have time to run, as he is impaled
text: by the ornament’s pointed end. As he desperately struggles
text: to free himself, Alex unties Lily and they race out...
scene_heading: INT. HALL ~ PALACE - DAY
text: «+. they’re sprinting down the passage when they hear the
text: SOUND of a motorcycle. They spin just as Warrior #1 powers
text: into view. As he speeds towards them, Lily spin-kicks him
text: off the bike in an incredible martial-arts move. Warrior #1
text: tumbles across the floor while his motorcycle skid-slides to
text: a stop. Warrior #1 springs back to his feet, draws his
text: sword, stalks towards them just as Evy and Rick SCREECH
text: around the other corner and SMASH through him like a pinata.
text: Evy smokes the bike to a stop in front of Alex and Lily.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: You kids okay?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yeah, sure. No problem. Had it
text: completely under control.
text: They all smile.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Lily, can you get us to the River
dialog: of Spirits?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: There’s a tunnel that connects the
dialog: palace to the Great Wall. 1711
dialog: show you the way.
text: Rick sees the pieces of shattered Warrior sliding together.
speaker_heading: O' CONNELL
dialog: Let’s move before Humpty Dumpty
text: puts himself together again.
text: Lily and Alex climb onto the Warrior’s bike. Rick tosses
text: Alex a machine gun as Lily REVS the engine and takes off.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: INT. BED CHAMBER - PALACE - DAY
text: Okumura is still struggling to free himself when a shadow
text: crosses his face. It’s the Emperor Mummy.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: Where is my queen?
speaker_heading: OKUMURA
dialog: My lord, please... help me.
text: The Emperor Mummy looks at him scornfully, places his hand on
text: the brass lantern and superheats it, causing molten metal to
text: sluice out across Okumura, searing his flesh.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: Your failure shall be your tomb.
text: Okumura SCREAMS in torment as he is encased in hot brass.
text: With one breath, the Emperor cools the scorching metal to a
text: hard shell. The sculptural outline of Okumura’s body is
text: visible and his immortal WAILS are muffled. The Emperor
text: Mummy shakes his head.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
dialog: Generals.
scene_heading: INT. HALL ~ PALACE - DAY
text: Lily and Alex are leading the way while Rick and Evy follow
text: right behind. As they speed through a doorway, they’re
text: intercepted by Warriors #2 and #3 on motorcycles.
text: As Warrior #2 powers forward, Rick UNLOADS his machine gun
text: and blows the Warrior’s head clean off, sending the headless
text: Warrior into a wooden column. Evy follows Lily, with Warrior
text: #3 in hot pursuit. As Lily darts her bike into...
scene_heading: INT. WAR ROOM ~ PALACE - DAY
text: The trio of motorcycles shoots through the time-ravaged room.
text: Lily drives straight over the ancient map that still
text: stretches across the floor and RIP-TEARS through the faded
text: dragon tapestry that conceals the entrance to...
scene_heading: INT. SECRET PASSAGEWAY - DAY
text: Lily and Evy flash on their headlights, revealing a sloping,
text: carved-out space. Rick and Alex’s MACHINE-GUN FIRE strobes
text: the blackness as Warrior #3 follows. Suddenly, the bikes
text: catch air. Rick and Alex hold on as they touch down on a
text: giant staircase. Evy and Lily don’t slow as they speed down
text: the stairs, headed towards the
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: TUNNEL BELOW.
text: Ignoring the bone-jarring ride, Rick FIRES blindly at Warrior
text: #3 and blows out his front tire, causing Warrior #3 to be
text: catapulted off his bike. Warrior #3 somersaults over their
text: heads and lands at the base of the stairs. As he struggles
text: up, Evy and Lily power the bikes right over him. His damaged
text: bike follows, SLAMS down on top of him and EXPLODES.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: (disdainful)
dialog: Mummies on motorcycles!
text: Suddenly, GUNFIRE strafes the walls. Rick swings back just
text: as a motorcycle with a sidecar bursts through the fireball.
text: Warrior #4 is in the sidecar manning a mounted machine gun
text: while Warrior #5 drives.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (to Alex and Lily)
dialog: Go ahead! Unlock the River! Don't
dialog: worry about us.
text: As Lily and Alex speed away, Rick returns fire...
scene_heading: EXT. GREAT WALL ~ DAY
text: Jonathan, Tequila and the slave army watch anxiously as the
text: terra cotta Warriors charge towards them. Chang chooses his
text: moment, then signals...
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Now!
text: The Slave army unleashes their assault. Cannonballs, flaming
text: arrows and spears fly. Jonathan and Tequila stand side by
text: side, machine guns BLAZING. Tequila is a man possessed.
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: (Tibetan with subtitles)
dialog: Die! Terra cotta bastards, die!
text: As he reloads he hears a voice...
speaker_heading: LAMA
dialog: Tashi?
text: He finds his ELDERLY LAMA with a group of TIBETAN MONKS.
text: Their robes are tattered from their enforced labor. Tequila
text: immediately falls to his knees.
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: Holy lama.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: LAMA
dialog: (re: machine gun)
dialog: Have you forgotten your vow of
dialog: nonviolence to all living things?
text: Tequila gestures to the Warriors.
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: They’re not living, they’re undead.
dialog: The Lama considers this.
speaker_heading: LAMA
dialog: You have gained much wisdom on your
dialog: journey here.
text: As the monks pick up weapons and join the raging battle.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS A CANNONBALL as it arcs towards the oncoming
text: army and EXPLODES through a line of Warriors, blowing off
text: arms, legs and heads. CAMERA DOESN’T STOP, PLUNGES INTO THE
text: GROUND, and BURSTS OUT through the roof of...
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DAY
text: ... Lily and Alex streak past while Evy and Rick follow
text: behind. Evy is desperately weaving, trying to avoid the
text: lines of gunfire Warrior #4 is directing at them. Rick’s
text: machine gun finally CLICKS empty. He tosses it at Warrior
text: #5, momentarily blinding him, sending the motorcycle SPARKING
text: against the side of the wall.
text: Rick pulls a stick of dynamite from his belt, lights the fuse
text: and tosses it to Warrior #4, who catches it and studies it
text: curiously. KABOOOOM! Warrior #4 and the sidecar are blown
text: to bits. Unfortunately, Warrior #5 and the rest of the bike
text: speed through the debris, unscathed, and continue the chase.
text: LILY AND ALEX -- have pulled ahead, peel through a circular
text: entrance to a cave-like chamber and skid to a stop.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Come on!
text: They leap off and begin rolling the huge circular stone door
text: across the entrance. As the door begins to close,
speaker_heading: EVY & RICK
text: are still battling it out with Warrior #5. He finally pulls
text: even as they head towards the entrance at breakneck speed.
text: Rick and the Warrior begin exchanging blows. With only 50
text: feet to go, Warrior #5 grabs Rick in a chokehold.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Keep your hands to yourself!
text: Evy slams the bike into the Warrior's, forcing him to let
text: Rick go. As Warrior #5 tries to regain control of his bike,
text: Evy races forward, SQUEEZE-SPARKS through the entrance a
text: second before Alex and Lily roll the door into place. As
text: Warrior #5 CRASHES into the slab in a CACOPHONY OF FIRE...
scene_heading: INT. WAR ROOM - PALACE ~ DAY
text: The Emperor surveys the tire tracks leading into the secret
text: passageway. OFF his face as he strides into the passage...
scene_heading: INT. CHAMBER OF SPIRITS - DAY
text: CLOSE ON A TORCH as it flickers to life. PULL BACK TO REVEAL
text: Rick, Evy, Alex and Lily taking in the cavernous room, Steps
text: lead up to Great Wall’s massive foundations that protrude
text: from the roof of the cavern.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Those stairs must lead straight up
dialog: to the Wall.
text: They head onto a red marble bridge that traverses a dry
text: riverbed. Evy holds her torch over the side, revealing a
text: horrifying mass of human skulls and bones.
speaker_heading: EVELYN\
dialog: The River of Spirits.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Great. But I don’t see a key
dialog: anywhere?
speaker_heading: ALEX (0.S.)
dialog: Over here.
text: They turn and see Alex and Lily standing by a circular stone
text: altar. Evy and Rick race over.
text: CLOSE ON ALTAR: It features a bowl-like indention in the
text: center which is engraved with a Chinese inscription.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: It says “Quench my thirst”.
text: Evy takes her flask and empties the water into the bowl.
text: They wait for something to happen, but nothing does. Alex
text: suddenly gets an idea, pulls out a pocket knife and slices
text: his palm. Evy reacts in alan.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Alex!
text: Alex holds his bleeding hand over the altar.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It wasn’t a river of water, it was
text: a river of blood.
text: The drops of blood splatter into the bowl like acid on lead.
text: The Chinese inscription glows and a fierce wind whips. All
text: the torches die and a DEEP RUMBLE ECHOES. The gang turns as
text: a wave of rippling, blue-white light rushes out and fills the
text: dry riverbed. They cautiously approach and peer in awe.
text: WHAT THEY SEE: The ghostly forms of the Emperor’s SLAIN
text: ENEMIES rage as they swim under the river’s ethereal surface.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Nice work. But why aren’t they up
dialog: there taking out the warriors?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Because we need to make another
dialog: offering.
text: They look back at the altar which is still glowing and watch
text: as the central bowl vanishes and is replaced by five new
text: indentions. Each is engraved with a different character.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The five elements, of course. We
dialog: need to place one in each bowl.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: Fan out. We don’t have much time.
scene_heading: EXT. GREAT WALL - DAY
text: The Slave army is fighting hard, but are outmatched and
text: outnumbered by the invincible terra-cotta army. As the
text: Warriors finally reach the foot of the Wall...
scene_heading: INT. CHAMBER OF SPIRITS - DAY
text: PAN ACROSS THE ALTAR. The earth, stone and fire bowls are
text: full. Evy drops her wedding ring in the fourth. She shouts
text: to Rick and Alex who are on the other side of the River.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: All we need is water!
text: Alex retrieves a flask from the motorcycle.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Got it.
text: As he tosses it across the River of Spirits, there’s a
text: deafening boom and the circular door EXPLODES open. Rick
text: grabs Alex, dives for cover as the slab of stone flies across
text: the space and OBLITERATES the bridge. As the dust settles,
text: they see the Emperor Mummy standing in the threshold.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Evy, pour the water!
text: As Evy scrambles for the flask, the Emperor Mummy holds up
text: his hand and fires a FLAMING COMET at the altar, which knocks
text: all the elements out of their bowls.
scene_heading: EXT. GREAT WALL - DAY
text: Tequila and Jonathan stand with the monks, firing futilely at
text: the terra cotta Warriors scrambling up the walls like
text: insects. As they duck to reload, Jonathan turns to Tequila.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I think it’s time for a prayer.
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: (Tibetan with subtitles)
dialog: I hate you.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Amen to that, brother.
scene_heading: INT. CHAMBER OF SPIRITS - DAY
text: Evy and Lily frantically put the elements back in the bowls
text: while the Emperor MACHINE GUNS flaming orbs at Rick and Alex.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: In case we don’t make it, I just
dialog: wanted you to know that I think you
dialog: and Alex make a great couple.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Thank you, Mrs. O'Connell.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Call me Evy.
dialog: (re: altar)
dialog: Four down, one to go. Have you
dialog: seen my ring?
text: As they begin scouring the dirt...
dialog: 113.
text: RICK & ALEX -- duck behind a column as the orbs EXPLODE
text: around them. Rick picks up a discarded torch. As the
text: Emperor fires off a comet, Rick swings the metal rod like a
text: baseball bat and line-drives the comet back at the Emperor
text: Mummy. The EXPLOSION sends him crashing into a wall.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
text: EVY, WHAT’S THE HOLDUP?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We don’t have any metal. I can’t
dialog: find my ring.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (getting idea)
dialog: Dad, give me yours.
text: Alex pulls his sling-shot out of his pocket.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: I thought you hung that up when you
dialog: were twelve.
text: Alex smiles, takes the ring. Rick looks back and sees the
text: Emperor storming towards them.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: The fate of the world’s in your
dialog: hands, kiddo. No pressure.
text: Alex takes aim, pulls back the sling and fires. The ring
text: soars across the space in SLO MO. Ricochets off the wall,
text: PINGS off a column and straight into the right bowl. BULL’S-
text: EYE! The next instant the Spirits are unleashed and flood up
text: through the foundation of the Wall in a firestorm of light.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
dialog: That’s my boy!
scene_heading: EXT. GREAT WALL - DAY
text: The terra-cotta Warriors are about to crest the Wall when the
text: Army of Spirits washes over the Wall like a tidal wave,
text: overwhelming the Warriors in seconds. The Workers CHEER and
text: Jonathan and Tequila hug as the Spirits fly into the heavens,
text: finally liberated.
scene_heading: INT. CHAMBER OF SPIRITS - DAY
text: The INHUMAN DEATH CRIES of the Warriors echo across the
text: chamber. The Emperor Mummy stares up in shock and WAILS...
dialog: 1214.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR MUMMY
scene_heading: Nooooodo000000000000000000000000!
text: Using the distraction, Rick leaps up, clutching the dragon
text: dagger, and plunges the enchanted blade into the Emperor
text: Mummy’s heart. The Emperor Mummy stares at Rick in shock.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Give my regards to Imhotep!
text: The Emperor Mummy utters A PRIMEVAL SCREAM as needles of
text: white light fissure out of the wound. Rick and Alex are
text: thrown back as the Emperor Mummy is ripped apart in a
scene_heading: BLINDING SUPERNOVA.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGRI~LA - DAY
text: A ring of light explodes across the valley, melting the ice
text: and transforming its slopes to verdant green. As it washes
text: across the petrified inhabitants, they are freed from the
text: curse and jubilantly rejoice. OFF Zohora’s proud smile...
scene_heading: INT. CHAMBER OF SPIRITS - DAY
text: As Rick and Alex pick themselves up, the whole place RUMBLES.
text: It’s like an earthquake. Cracks snake across the roof.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Up to the Wall! Now!
text: Evy and Lily dart for the stairs as Rick and Alex sprint
text: across the dry riverbed, dodging falling debris as they go.
text: The steps disintegrate behind them as they clamber.
scene_heading: EXT. TURRET - GREAT WALL - DAY
text: Evy and Lily burst into the sunlight. But as Alex and Rick
text: race out, the turret collapses under them. As they drop,
speaker_heading: HANDS
text: reach out and catch them -- Evy, Lily, Jonathan, Tequila and
text: Chang. The Slave army CHEERS as the heroic duo are pulled to
text: safety. As the dust settles, Alex turns to Lily.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Now that you’re mortal, I was
dialog: wondering if maybe we could do
dialog: something together that doesn’t
dialog: involve evil emperors or saving the
dialog: world,
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Is that your way of asking me out
dialog: on a date?
text: As he leans in and kisses her, CAMERA FINDS Rick and Evy.
speaker_heading: O’ CONNELL
text: Another mummy bites the dust.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You know, there’s something about
dialog: vanquishing the undead that I find
dialog: incredibly romantic.
speaker_heading: 0’ CONNELL
dialog: Me, too.
text: Rick takes her in his arms and they kiss. Jonathan and
text: Tequila look at the two couples and shake their heads.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN /TEQUILA
dialog: Get a room/Get a room.
text: CAMERA SWEEPS OVER the Wall of overjoyed Slaves, SOARS UP
text: over the war-torn desert, and finally MELTS into the sunset.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
