dialog: 
text: "THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS"
dialog: by
dialog: Ted Tally
dialog: Based on the novel by
dialog: Thomas Harris
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. GRUBBY HOTEL CORRIDOR - DAY (DIMLY LIT)
text: A woman's face BACKS INTO SHOT, her head resting against
text: grimy wallpaper. She is tense, sweaty, wide-eyed with
text: concentration. This is CLARICE STARLING, mid-20's, trim,
text: very pretty. She wears Kevlar body armor over a navy
text: windbreaker, khaki pants. Her thick hair is piled under a
text: navy baseball cap. A revolver, clutched in her right hand,
text: hovers by her ear. She raises a speedloader, in her left
text: hand, locks it into her cylinder, twists and reloads.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: A guest room door, with a small, wired pack attached to its
text: knob. Suddenly, wish a sharp CRACK!, the knob explodes, and
text: the door bursts open.
scene_heading: WITH CLARICE - MOVING SHOT
text: as she runs around a corner, through a cloud of smoke. She
text: shoulders aside the shattered door and rushes inside, gun at
text: the ready in both hands...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: CLARICE'S POV - MOVING - as she first sees, sitting on the
text: edge of a bed - a FEMALE HOSTAGE. Black, late 20's, gagged,
text: hands behind her back. Then, SWIVELLING... she sees a startled
text: MALE SUSPECT, white, mid-20's, standing by a window with a
text: rifle in his hands. He is turning towards her...
text: Clarice drops into a combat crouch, gun extended, and shouts.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Freeze! FBI!
scene_heading: CLARICE'S POV - SLOW MOTION
text: all natural SOUND suspended - as the Suspect faces her with
text: a strange, pleading expression. The rifle is rising in his
text: hands, but oddly enough, it is held across his chest, not
text: pointing. Then another puzzling detail registers...
scene_heading: THE SUSPECT'S HANDS
text: are taped to his gun, away from the trigger; he couldn't use
text: it even if he tried. Suddenly we hear a metallic CLICK, which
text: registers with unnatural amplification, as - Clarice reacts,
text: drops to the floor, rolling sideways, and -
speaker_heading: THE "HOSTAGE"
text: pulls a revolver out from behind her back, still in SLOW
text: MOTION, raising it in her untied hands. She fires repeatedly,
text: flames leaping from the muzzle; the SOUND is an echoing roar
dialog: in these close quarters, but -
text: Clarice has come up on one knee, beside an armchair, and is
text: already firing back herself, two quick SHOTS, which send -
speaker_heading: THE "HOSTAGE"
text: pitching over the bed, backwards, to shudder and lie still
text: in a haze of gunsmoke. Clarice rushes to her, clamping one
text: knee down on her gun hand, still keeping her covered in case
text: of movement. HOLD for a few beats... then we hear the shrill
text: blast of a WHISTLE from somewhere, off screen, as normal
text: ACTION and SOUND are restored.
speaker_heading: BRIGHAM (O.S.)
dialog: Okay, people, good exercise...
text: Clarice relaxes, lowering her gun. The lights brighten.
scene_heading: PULLING BACK
text: we see that we're in some sort of auditorium, with the "hotel
text: room" and its "corridor" built as a training set. JOHN BRIGHAM
text: walks onto this set, thumbing a stopwatch. Mid-40's, ex-
text: Marine. His T-shirt's lettering says "Firearms Instructor /
dialog: FBI Academy."
speaker_heading: BRIGHAM
dialog: Starling's reaction time was
dialog: excellent. Let's break. Critique in
dialog: five.
text: A class of about forty young FBI trainees, of both sexes,
text: begins to rise from their seats, mingling and chatting.
text: Clarice nods amiably to the "Suspect", then gives her
text: "Hostage" a hand up. It's ARDELIA MAPP, her roommate. Her
text: broad, clever face breaks into a big smile, as they both
text: remove ear plugs. Clarice's voice has just a soft trace of
dialog: southern accent.
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: Damn, Clarice, how'd you make me?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (indicating her gun)
dialog: Never cock. Just squeeze.
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: (grins)
dialog: I love it when you talk dirty.
text: As Brigham joins them, Clarice can't resist a star pupil's
text: little smile of pride. He frowns good-naturedly.
speaker_heading: BRIGHAM
dialog: What're you laughin' at, Junior G-
dialog: Man? She got off four rounds to your
dialog: two.
text: He takes out a steel-coiled grip flexer, drops it onto her
dialog: palm.
speaker_heading: BRIGHAM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: One hundred reps, each hand, every
dialog: day. Now tidy up, the Section Chief
dialog: wants to see you.
text: He nods a direction, then moves off. Clarice, with her smile
text: finally fading, looks out into the auditorium.
scene_heading: SPECIAL AGENT JACK CRAWFORD
text: sits on the top step of the aisle, looking down at her. He
text: is 53, strongly built. He rises impassively, exits through
text: the back door. He carries a think manila envelope under one
dialog: arm.
text: Ardelia who is helping Clarice unbuckle her bullet-proof
text: vest, follows her worried gaze.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: What'd I do?
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: Stay cool. Just remember to call him
dialog: "God."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FBI ACADEMY GROUNDS, QUANTICO, VIRGINIA - DAY
text: Crawford is watching a group of trainees on the firing range,
text: as Clarice joins him. He looks tired, haunted. Between master
text: and student, we sense a subtle, muted tug of sexuality.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Starling, Clarice M., good morning.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Crawford.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Your instructors tell me you're doing
dialog: well. Top quarter of the class.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I hope so. They haven't posted
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: A job's come up and I thought about
dialog: you. Not really a job, more of - an
dialog: interesting errand. Walk me to my
text: car, Starling.
text: They begin to cross the academy grounds. A group of trainees
text: jogs by, in matching sweats, following a p.e. coach.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: We're trying to interview all of the
text: serial killers now in custody, for a
dialog: psychobehavioral profile. Could be a
dialog: big help in unsolved cases. Most of
dialog: them have been happy to talk to us.
dialog: They have a compulsion to boast,
dialog: these people... Do you spook easily,
dialog: Starling?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: You see, the one we want most refuses
dialog: to cooperate. I want you to go after
dialog: him again today, in the asylum.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Who's the subject?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: The psychiatrist - Dr. Hannibal
dialog: Lecter.
text: Clarice stops walking, goes very still. A beat.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: The cannibal...
text: Crawford doesn't respond, except to study her face.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Yes, well... Okay, right. I'm glad
dialog: for the chance, sir, but - why me?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: You're qualified and available. And
dialog: frankly, I can't spare a real agent
dialog: right now.
text: He walks on again, at a faster clip. She hurried to keep up.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: I don't expect him to talk to you,
dialog: but I have to be able to say we
dialog: tried... Lecter was a brilliant
dialog: psychiatrist, and he knows all the
text: dodges.
dialog: (hands her the manila
dialog: envelope)
dialog: Dossier on him, copy of our
dialog: questionnaire, special ID for you...
dialog: If he won't talk, then I want straight
dialog: reporting. How's he look, how's his
dialog: cell look, what's he writing? The
dialog: Director himself will see your report,
dialog: over your own signature - if I decide
dialog: it's good enough. I want that by
dialog: 0800 Wednesday, and keep this to
dialog: yourself.
text: They're reached his car. His driver stamps on a cigarette,
text: climbs in behind the wheel. BURROUGHS, his assistant, says
text: something into a walkie-talkie, then opens the back door.
text: But Crawford pulls her aside, a hand on her shoulder. His
dialog: intensity is scary.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Now. I want your full attention,
dialog: Starling. Are you listening to me?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Be very careful with Hannibal Lecter.
dialog: Dr. Chilton at the asylum will go
dialog: over the physical procedures used
dialog: with him. Do not deviate from them,
dialog: for any reason. You tell him nothing
dialog: personal, Starling. Believe me, you
dialog: don't want Hannibal Lecter inside
dialog: your head... Just do your job, but
dialog: never forget what he is.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (a bit unnerved)
dialog: And what is that, sir?
speaker_heading: CHILTON (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, he's a monster. A pure
dialog: psychopath...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHILTON'S OFFICE - BALTIMORE STATE HOSPITAL FOR THE
scene_heading: CRIMINALLY INSANE - DAY
text: CLOSE ON an ID card held in a male hand. Clarice's photo,
text: official-looking graphics. It calls her a "Federal
dialog: Investigator."
speaker_heading: CHILTON (O.S.)
dialog: It's so rare to capture one alive.
dialog: From a research point of view, Dr.
dialog: Lecter is our most prized asset...
text: DR. FREDERICK CHILTON looks up from her card. A smarmy little
text: peacock, behind a vast desk; he's conceived an instant,
text: hopeless letch for Clarice. He smiles, stroking her card
text: with his beloved gold pen.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: You know, we get a lot of detectives
dialog: here, but I must say, I can't ever
dialog: remember one so attractive...
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - REVEALS CLARICE
text: now wearing a more feminine skirt suit. Hair neatly coiled,
text: elegant shoulder bag, briefcase. He has rudely left her
dialog: standing.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: Will you be in Baltimore overnight...?
dialog: Because this can be quite a fun town,
dialog: if you have the right guide.
text: Clarice tries, unsuccessfully, to hide her distaste for him.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I'm sure it's a great town, Dr.
dialog: Chilton, but my instructions are to
dialog: talk to Lecter and report back this
dialog: afternoon.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: (pause, sourly)
dialog: I see.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Let's make this quick, then. I'm
dialog: busy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ASYLUM CORRIDOR - UPPER FLOOR - DAY
text: Clarice flinches as a heavy steel gate CLANGS shut behind
text: her, the bolt shooting home. Chilton walks ahead of her.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: Lecter carved up nine people - that
dialog: we're sure of - and cooked his
dialog: favorite bits. We've tried to study
dialog: him, of course - but he's much too
dialog: sophisticated for the standard tests.
dialog: And my, does he hate us! Thinks I'm
dialog: his nemesis... Crawford's very clever,
dialog: isn't he? Using you.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: How do you mean, Dr. Chilton?
speaker_heading: CHILTON
text: A pretty young woman, to turn him
dialog: on? I don't believe Lecter's ever
dialog: seen a woman in eight years. And oh,
dialog: are you ever his "taste" - so to
dialog: speak.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I graduated magna from UVA, Doctor.
dialog: It's not a charm school.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: Good. Then you should be able to
dialog: remember the rules.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DIFFERENT CORRIDOR - LOWER FLOOR - DAY
text: A darker, even grimmer area. Heavy grids over the lights.
text: Distant SLAMMINGS and faint, hoarse SHOUTS. They walk briskly.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: Do not reach through the bars, do
dialog: not touch the bars. You pass him
text: nothing but soft paper - no pens or
text: pencils. No staples or paperclips in
dialog: his paper. Use the sliding food
dialog: carrier, no exceptions. Do not accept
text: anything he attempts to hold out to
dialog: you. Do you understand me?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: I'm going to show you why we insist
dialog: on such precautions... On the
dialog: afternoon of July 8, 1981, he
dialog: complained of chest pains and was
text: taken to the dispensary. His
dialog: mouthpiece and restraints were removed
text: for an EKG. When the nurse bent over
dialog: him, he did this to her...
text: He hands Clarice a small, dog-eared photo. Looking at it,
text: she is stopped in her tracks. This pleases Chilton.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: The doctors managed to re-set her
dialog: jaw, more or less, and save one of
text: her eyes. His pulse never got over
dialog: eighty-five, even when he ate her
dialog: tongue.
dialog: (pauses, he smiles)
dialog: I keep him in here.
text: He turns, pushes a button. A steel door BUZZES slowly open,
text: and BARNEY - a big, impassive orderly - awaits them in an
text: anteroom. On its walls: restraints, mouthpieces, Mace,
text: tranquilizer guns.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (quickly blocking him)
dialog: Dr. Chilton - if Lecter feels you're
dialog: his enemy - as you've said - then
dialog: maybe I'll have more luck by myself.
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: You might have suggested that in my
dialog: office, and saved me the time.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: But then I would've missed the
dialog: pleasure of your company.
text: She holds out the photo. A beat. He grabs it, jaw twitching.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
text: When she's finished, bring her out.
text: He turns on his heel, goes. Barney smiles reassuringly.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Hi, I'm Barney. He told you, don't
dialog: get near the bars?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (shaking his hand)
dialog: Clarice Starling. Yes, he did.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Okay. Past the others, it's the last
dialog: cell. Stay to the middle. I put out
dialog: a chair for you.
text: Sensing her tension, he indicates a nearby security monitor.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: I'm watching. You'll do fine.
text: Clarice nods gratefully. She looks down the long corridor,
text: takes a deep breath, walks into it. He watches her go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. LECTER'S CORRIDOR - DAY
text: MOVING SHOT - with Clarice, as her footsteps ECHO. High to
text: her right, surveillance cameras. On her left, cells. Some
text: are padded, with narrow observation slits, others are normal,
text: barred... Shadowy occupants pacing, MUTTERING... Suddenly a
text: dark figure in the next-to-last cell hurtles towards her,
text: his face mashing grotesquely against his bars as he hisses.
speaker_heading: DARK FIGURE
dialog: I c-can sssmell your cunt!
text: Clarice flinches momentarily, but then walks on.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER'S CELL
text: is coming slowly INTO VIEW... Behind its barred front wall
text: is a second barrier of stout nylon net... Sparse, bolted-
text: down furniture, many softcover books and papers. On the walls,
text: extraordinarily detailed, skillful drawings, mostly European
text: cityscapes, in charcoal or crayon.
text: Clarice stops, at a polite distance from his bars, clears
text: her throat.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Dr. Lecter... My name is Clarice
dialog: Starling. May I talk with you?
text: Dr. Hannibal Lecter is lounging on his bunk, in white pajamas,
text: reading an Italian Vogue. He turns, considers her... A face
text: so long out of the sun, it seems almost leached - except for
text: the glittering eyes, and the wet red mouth. He rises smoothly,
text: crossing to stand before her; the gracious host. His voice
text: is cultured, soft.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Good morning.
scene_heading: CUTTING BETWEEN THEM
text: as Clarice comes a measured distance closer.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Doctor, we have a hard problem in
dialog: psychological profiling. I want to
dialog: ask for your help with a
dialog: questionnaire.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: "We" being the Behavioral Science
dialog: Unit, at Quantico. You're one of
dialog: Jack Crawford's, I expect.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I am, yes.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: May I see your credentials?
text: Clarice is surprised, but fishes her ID card from her bag,
text: holds it up for his inspection. He smiles, soothingly.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Closer, please... Clo-ser...
text: She complies each time, trying to hide her fear. Dr. Lecter's
text: nostrils lift, as he gently, like an animal, tests the air.
text: Then he smiles, glancing at her card.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That expires in one week. You're not
dialog: real FBI, are you?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I'm - still in training at the
dialog: Academy.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Jack Crawford sent a trainee to me?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: We're talking about psychology,
dialog: Doctor, not the Bureau. Can you decide
dialog: for yourself whether or not I'm
dialog: qualified?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Mmmmm... That's rather slippery of
dialog: you, Officer Starling. Sit. Please.
text: She sits in the folding metal desk-chair. He waits politely
text: till she's settled, then sits down himself, faces her happily.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Now then. What did Miggs say to you?
dialog: (she is puzzled)
text: "Multiple Miggs," in the next cell.
dialog: He hissed at you. What did he say?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: He said - "I can smell your cunt."
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: I see. I myself cannot. You use Evyan
dialog: skin cream, and sometimes you wear
dialog: L'Air du Temps, but not today. You
dialog: brought your best bag, though, didn't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: It's much better than your shoes.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Maybe they'll catch up.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: I have no doubt of it.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (shifting uncomfortably)
dialog: Did you do those drawings, Doctor?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Yes. That's the Duomo, seen from the
dialog: Belvedere. Do you know Florence?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: All that detail, just from memory...?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Memory, Officer Starling, is what I
dialog: have instead of view.
text: A pause, then Clarice takes the questionnaire from her case.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Dr. Lecter, if you'd please consider -
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: No, no, no. You were doing fine,
dialog: you'd been courteous and receptive
dialog: to courtesy, you'd established trust
dialog: with the embarrassing truth about
dialog: Miggs, and now this ham-handed segue
dialog: into your questionnaire. It won't
dialog: do. It's stupid and boring.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I'm only asking you to look at this,
dialog: Doctor. Either you will or you won't.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Jack Crawford must be very busy indeed
dialog: if he's recruiting help from the
text: student body. Busy hunting that new
dialog: one, Buffalo Bill... Such a naughty
dialog: boy! Did Crawford send you to ask
dialog: for my advice on him?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: No, I came because we need -
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: How many women has he used, our Bill?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Five... so far.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: All flayed...?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Partially, yes. But Doctor, that's
dialog: an active case, I'm not involved. If -
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Do you know why he's called Buffalo
dialog: Bill? Tell me. The newspapers won't
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I'll tell you if you'll look at this
dialog: form.
dialog: (he considers, then
dialog: nods)
dialog: It started as a bad joke in Kansas
dialog: City Homicide. They said... this one
dialog: likes to skin his humps.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Witless and misleading. Why do you
dialog: think he takes their skins, Officer
dialog: Starling? Thrill me with your wisdom.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: It excites him. Most serial killers
dialog: keep some sort of trophies.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: I didn't.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: No. You ate yours.
text: A tense beat, then a smile from him, at this small boldness.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Send that through.
text: She rolls him the questionnaire, in his sliding food tray.
text: He rises, glances at it, turning a page or two disdainfully.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Oh, Officer Starling... do you think
dialog: you can dissect me with this blunt
dialog: little tool?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: No. I only hoped that your knowledge -
text: Suddenly he whips the tray back at her, with a metallic CLANG
text: that makes her start. His voice remains a pleasant purr.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: You're sooo ambitious, aren't you...?
dialog: You know what you look like to me,
dialog: with your good bag and your cheap
dialog: shoes? You look like a rube. A well-
text: scrubbed, hustling rube with a little,
dialog: taste... Good nutrition has given
dialog: you some length of bone, but you're
dialog: not more than one generation from
dialog: poor white trash, are you Officer
dialog: Starling...? That accent you're trying
dialog: so desperately to shed - pure West
dialog: Virginia. What was your father, dear?
dialog: Was he a coal miner? Did he stink of
dialog: the lamp...? And oh, how quickly the
dialog: boys found you! All those tedious,
text: sticky fumblings, in the back seats
dialog: of cars, while you could only dream
dialog: of getting out. Getting anywhere -
dialog: yes? Getting all the way - to the
dialog: F...B...I.
text: His every word has struck her like a tiny, precise dart. But
text: she squares her jaw and won't give ground.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: You see a lot, Dr. Lecter. But are
dialog: you strong enough to point that high-
dialog: powered perception at yourself? How
dialog: about it...? Look at yourself and
dialog: write down the truth.
text: (she slams the tray
dialog: back at him)
dialog: Or maybe you're afraid to.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: You're a tough one, aren't you?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Reasonably so. Yes.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: And you'd hate to think you were
dialog: common. My, wouldn't that sting!
dialog: Well you're far from common, Officer
dialog: Starling. All you have is the fear
dialog: of it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now please excuse me. Good day.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: And the questionnaire...?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: A census taker once tried to test
dialog: me. I ate his liver with some fava
dialog: beans and a nice chianti... Fly back
text: to school, little Starling.
text: He steps backwards, then returns to his cot, becoming as
text: still and remote as a statue. Frustrated, Clarice hesitates,
text: then finally shoulders her bag and goes, leaving the
text: questionnaire in his tray. But after just a few steps, as
dialog: she passes -
speaker_heading: MIGG'S CELL
text: She sees that creature at his bars again, hissing at her.
speaker_heading: MIGGS
dialog: I b-bit my wrist so I c-can diiiieeee!
dialog: S-ee how it bleeeeeeeeds?
text: The dark figure suddenly flings his palm towards her, and -
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: is spattered on the face and neck - not with blood, but with
text: pale droplets of semen. She gives a little cry, touching her
text: fingers to the wetness. Stunned, near tears, she forces
text: herself to straighten up and walk on, fumbling for a tissue.
text: From behind her, Dr. Lecter calls out, very agitated.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (O.S.)
dialog: Officer Starling... Officer Starling!
text: Clarice slows, stops. She shudders, but makes the very
dialog: difficult choice to turn, walk back, stand again in front of -
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
text: Who's shivering with rage. For an instant his face opens,
text: and we catch a glimpse into hell itself. Then he's composed
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: I would not have had that happen to
dialog: you. Discourtesy is - unspeakably
dialog: ugly to me.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Then please - do this test for me.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: No. But I will make you happy...
dialog: I'll give you a chance for what you
dialog: love most, Clarice Starling.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: What's that, Dr. Lecter?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Advancement, of course.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Go to Split City. See Miss Mofet, an
dialog: old patient of mine. M-O-F-E-T...
dialog: Now go. Go.
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: I don't think Miggs could manage
dialog: again so soon, even if he is crazy -
dialog: do you?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOSPITAL - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: The grim gothic pile of the asylum looms overhead as Clarice
text: rushes out the front doors. She is badly shaken, almost
text: stumbling, as she rubs at her face. She looks around for,
text: and finally, with some relief, spots -
speaker_heading: HER CAR
text: an old Pinto, parked nearby. This image begins to BLUR...
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: her face, fighting tears, as the CAMERA begins to WHIRL AROUND
text: her, almost dizzily. She is seeing, in her mind's eye -
speaker_heading: IN FLASHBACK
text: a screen door banging open, on a wooden porch, and a 10-year
text: old girl - the young Clarice - rushing outside, down the
text: front steps, and running joyfully across her front yard to -
scene_heading: MOVING ANGLE - THE GIRL'S POV
text: a car - late 60's vintage - parked in the dirt road. A MAN,
text: Clarice's father, is just climbing out. He's tall, handsome,
text: and has a marshal's badge pinned on his dark suit. He grins,
text: seeing her, and spreads his arms wide as...
scene_heading: THE YOUNG CLARICE
text: rushes into them, and he sweeps her up in a hug, spinning
text: her around, the CAMERA SPINNING with them, and capturing
text: both their laughing faces, before we abruptly return to -
scene_heading: THE ADULT CLARICE
text: alone in the parking lot, sagging against her car. Her face
text: is buried in her arms, she shoulders shaking. SOUND UPCUT -
text: a steady, rapid series of GUNSHOTS, as we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FBI ACADEMY FIRING RANGE - DAY
text: Clarice, in a combat stance, and wearing a sound-muffling
text: headset, is squeezing off ROUND after ROUND at
scene_heading: A MOVING TARGET
text: The silhouette of a man, approaching along a track. Her shots,
text: tightly grouped, are all finding the center chest. The target
text: stops, quite close to her, still swaying.
text: Clarice stares at it, deftly working her speedloader. Then
text: she puts a final, emphatic shot right through THE FIGURE'S
scene_heading: FOREHEAD.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FBI ACADEMY LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON a microfilm monitor - a grainy newsphoto of Dr.
text: Lecter, scrawling past, with an accompanying story ("New
text: Horrors in Cannibal Trial"), dated 1980.
text: Clarice is punching keys on the terminal. Other trainees
text: study at nearby tables.
text: She pauses, jotting a note on her pad, as Ardelia comes by,
text: carrying an armful of books.
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: Phone call, Clarice. It's God.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Thanks, Ardelia.
speaker_heading: MOVING ANGLE
text: as Clarice rises, grabbing her notebook, and follows Ardelia
text: past high metal bookstacks.
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: You missed Fourth Amendment law.
dialog: Unlawful seizure, real juicy stuff.
dialog: Where were you all afternoon?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Pleading with a crazy man, with come
text: all over my face.
text: Ardelia stares at her, figures it's a put-on, laughs.
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: Damn. Wish I had time for a social
dialog: life.
text: Clarice grins, as Ardelia indicates a phone receiver resting
text: on the check-out desk, then moves on. Clarice picks it up.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Mr. Crawford?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CRAWFORD'S HOUSE - STUDY - NIGHT
text: Crawford, in a cardigan, sits in a wing chair in the book-
text: lined study of his suburban home. He turns the pages of
text: Clarice's memo as they talk. His tone is sharp.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: I've read your interim memo on Lecter.
dialog: You sure you've left nothing out?
speaker_heading: INTERCUTTING
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: It's all there, sir, practically
dialog: verbatim.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Every word, Starling? Every gesture?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (a bit heatedly)
dialog: Right down to the kleenex I used.
dialog: (he is silent)
dialog: Sir, why? Is something wrong?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: He mentioned a name, at the very
dialog: end. "Mofet..." Any followup on her?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I spent all evening on the mainframe.
dialog: Lecter altered or destroyed most of
dialog: his patient histories, prior to
dialog: capture. No record of anyone named
dialog: Mofet. But "Split City" sounded like
dialog: it might have have something to do
dialog: with divorce. I tracked it down in
dialog: the library's catalogue of national
dialog: yellow pages.
dialog: (glancing at her notes)
text: It's a mini-storage facility outside
dialog: Baltimore, where Lecter had his
dialog: practice.
text: She pauses, expecting some soft of approval for her
dialog: cleverness.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Well? Why aren't you there right
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Sir, that's a field job. It's outside
dialog: the scope of my assignment. And I've
dialog: got a test tomorrow on -
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Do you recall my instructions to
dialog: you, Starling? What were they?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: To complete and file my report by
dialog: 0800 Wednesday. But sir -
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Then do that, Starling. Do just
dialog: exactly that.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Sir, what is it? There's something
dialog: you're not telling me.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (beat)
text: Miggs has been murdered.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (startled, upset)
dialog: Murdered...? How?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
text: The orderly heard Lecter whispering
dialog: to him, all afternoon, and Miggs
text: crying. They found him at bed check.
dialog: He'd swallowed his own tongue...
dialog: Chilton is scared stiff the family
dialog: will file a civil rights lawsuit,
dialog: and he's trying to blame it on you.
dialog: I told the little prick your conduct
dialog: was flawless.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Starling...?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I'm here, sir, I just - I don't know
dialog: how to feel about it.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: You don't have to feel any way about
dialog: it. Lecter did it to amuse himself.
dialog: Why not, what can they do? Take away
dialog: his books for awhile, and no jello...
dialog: (a bit softer)
dialog: I know it got ugly today. But this
dialog: is your report, Starling - take it
dialog: as far as you can. On your own time,
text: outside of class. Now carry on.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CLARICE
text: as we hear the loud CLICK of Crawford hanging up. She stares
text: at her receiver, stung by his abruptness.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Well God damn it! You old creep.
dialog: Creepo son of a bitch. Let Miggs
dialog: squirt you and see how you like it.
text: She slams her receiver into its cradle.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CRAWFORD
text: as he flips aside her memo, then rises, wearily. He leaves
text: his study, flicking off the lamp, and pads away in his
text: slippers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CRAWFORD'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A private nurse, in white, stands marking a clipboard chart,
text: as Crawford enters his tidy bedroom.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: I'll take over, Patricia. You get
dialog: some rest.
text: The nurse nods, hands him the chart, and goes. He glances at
text: it, then sets it aside. He crosses to -
speaker_heading: BELLA CRAWFORD
text: who lies in an elevated hospital bed. Nearby are an oxygen
text: tank and mask, floral arrangements. Her breathing is shallow,
text: very labored. Crawford looks down at his comatose wife for a
text: long moment, tenderly brushes a strand of her hair back into
text: place, then bends over to kiss her forehead. SOUND UPCUT -
text: THUNDER and RAIN...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. "SPLIT CITY MINI-STORAGE" - DUSK (RAINING)
text: An orange neon sign, streaked with rain, identifies out
text: location. It looms over a hurricane fence, topped with barbed
text: wire. Inside, row on row of garage-sized, cinderblock sheds.
speaker_heading: MR. YOW (V.O.)
dialog: Unit 31 was leased for ten years.
dialog: Pre-paid in full... The contract is
text: in the name of "Miss Hester Mofet."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STORAGE UNIT NUMBER 31 - DUSK
text: Clarice, kneeling before a closed, roll-up metal door, takes
text: a FLASH photo of its sealed padlock. EVERETT YOW, a fat,
text: 60ish Chinaman, holds an umbrella over them both. He looks
dialog: unhappy.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: So no one's been in here since -
dialog: 1980?
text: She opens the padlock, using a fat ring of tagged keys, then
text: sets aside both keys and lock.
speaker_heading: MR. YOW
dialog: Not to my knowledge. Privacy is a
dialog: great concern to my customers. But,
dialog: if you say this is an FBI matter...
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I won't disturb anything, Mr. Yow, I
dialog: promise. Be gone before you know it.
text: Slinging her camera over a shoulder, she tugs at the handle,
text: but the door won't budge. Another tug, harder - no good. Mr.
text: Yow stoops to help, puffing hard, but it's firmly stuck. He
dialog: sighs.
speaker_heading: MR. YOW
dialog: We could return tomorrow, with my
dialog: son. Or perhaps some workmen...?
text: Clarice crosses to her Pinto, which faces the shed, reaches
text: in to turn on her headlights. Mr. Yow blinks in the sudden
text: brightness. Then she opens her truck, rummaging inside, and
text: returns with a bumper jack, a flashlight, and a rubber floor
dialog: mat.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Would you hold these, please?
text: She gives him her flashlight and camera, drops the mat on
text: the ground, then sets the bumper jack in place, under the
text: center of the door. She pumps on the jack handle as the door
text: SQUEALS slowly up, but it won't go higher than about 18
text: inches, despite all her exertions. She spreads out the rubber
text: mat on the cement, takes the flashlight from Mr. Yow, then
text: lies on the mat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE STORAGE SHED - DUSK (VERY DARK)
text: Clarice, backlit, peers under the door. She reaches in, makes
text: a sweep with her flashlight. We catch shadowy outlines -
text: boxes, then the flattened tires of a car...
text: SOUND of rain on the tin roof, and other noises, too - small
text: RUSTLINGS. Mr. Yow's chubby face appears down beside
dialog: Clarice's.
speaker_heading: MR. YOW
dialog: It smells like mice... I think I
dialog: hear them, too - don't you?
text: Clarice turns onto her back, starts squirming under the door.
speaker_heading: MR. YOW
dialog: You're going in there?
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STORAGE UNIT NUMBER 31 - DUSK
text: Clarice pulls her head back out again, reaching to take her
text: camera from him. She hands him a card, trying to appear
text: nonchalant.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Mr. Yow, if this door should fall
dialog: down -ha ha! - or anything else -
dialog: would you be kind enough to call
dialog: this number? It's our Baltimore field
dialog: office. They know you're here with
dialog: me... Do you understand?
speaker_heading: MR. YOW
dialog: Might I suggest tucking your pants
dialog: into your socks? To prevent mouse
dialog: intrusion.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Good idea.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE SHED - DUSK (VERY DARK)
text: Clarice squirms, on her back, through the narrow opening. As
text: she squeezes all the way in, she snags one thigh on the metal
text: edge of the door. She curses softly, shining her flashlight
text: on her ripped khakis - there's a small streak of blood.
speaker_heading: MR. YOW (O.S.)
dialog: Okay, Miss Starling?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Okay, Mr. Yow...
text: She shines her light around. In its narrow beam, we see -
scene_heading: CLARICE'S POV - UPWARD, SHIFTING
text: spiderwebs, everywhere... high stacks of cardboard boxes...
text: a few dusty pieces of furniture... the big car, oddly long
text: and tall, covered with a tarp... Suddenly there's a scurrying
text: of loud MUSICAL NOTES. Clarice turns, scared, her beam
text: capturing... an old upright piano.
speaker_heading: MR. YOW (O.S.)
dialog: You're playing a piano, Miss Starling?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: That wasn't me.
speaker_heading: MR. YOW (O.S.)
dialog: Oh.
text: Clarice crawls a bit further. There's hardly room to stand,
text: but she finally manages to wriggle upright, clawing away
text: cobwebs, next to the car. Holding her light under one arm,
text: she takes several FLASH photos of the shed's interior, ending
text: with the car. Then, slinging her camera over the shoulder,
text: she folds back the tarp, resting it on the roof. The resulting
text: clouds of dust make her cough.
speaker_heading: THE CAR
text: is an antique beauty, a 1931 Packard. It's very dusty, despite
text: the tarp. Curtains close off the back passenger compartment,
text: but there's a narrow gap in them. More mousy RUSTLINGS.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: peers in through the gap, aiming her flashlight.
scene_heading: HER POV - SHIFTING
text: as the thin flashlight beam picks out: the broad back seat...
text: as open album of lacy, old-fashioned Valentines... a crumpled
text: lap rug, on the floor... and then a pair of women's shiny,
text: high-heeled pumps... Above these, the hem of a fancy satin
text: evening gown - and a pair of pale, stockinged legs.
text: Clarice recoils, alarmed, then steadies herself.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Mr. Yow? Oh Mr. Yow...? It looks
dialog: like somebody is sitting in this
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: MR. YOW (O.S.)
dialog: Oh my! Oh my... Maybe you better
dialog: come out now, Miss Starling.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Not yet! - just wait for me.
dialog: (under the breath)
text: Maybe in about two seconds.
text: She leans down with her camera, takes a FLASH through the
text: gap, then tries the door handle. Locked. So is the front
text: door. She looks around, aiming her light, and locates a tangle
text: of coat-hangers, sticking out of a carton of bric-a-brac.
text: She pulls out one of these, straightens it quickly, bends
text: the tip into a hook.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ANGLE
text: as she jams this tool inside the join at the top of the back
text: passenger window, then fishes around till she can snag the
text: inside door latch, pulling up. A satisfying CLICK.
text: Clarice opens the door - it hits stacked boxes, and won't
text: open far - then very cautiously leans inside, aiming her
dialog: flashlight.
scene_heading: HER POV - MOVING LIGHT BEAM
text: revealing more of the evening gown... a pair of hands, in
text: white, elbow-length gloves - one rests on the lap, the other
text: atop a large, beaded, drawstring evening bag... thick strands
text: of costume pearls over the breasts... and finally the white
text: neck stub of a female mannequin. No face or head.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: sighs with relief. She takes a couple more FLASHES, then
text: very carefully lifts out the Valentine album, holding it by
text: the corners, and setting it atop the car. Then she eases
text: herself inside, onto the back seat, as the springs SQUEAK
text: loudly.
text: ONE GLOVED HAND slides off the lap, brushing Clarice's thigh.
text: Clarice starts a bit, then pokes at the gloved arm, hard.
text: She peels back a bit of glove, revealing the white, synthetic
text: elbow. She smiles, shaking her head at her own jumpiness, as
text: she reaches over the mannequin's lap to loosen the evening
text: bag's drawstring.
text: A SEVERED HUMAN HEAD stares back at her, as the beaded
text: material slides away.
text: Clarice lurches back, gasping loudly, and several long, heart-
text: pounding moments pass before she can make herself look more
dialog: closely.
text: The head bobs gently in a pool of alcohol, in a laboratory
text: specimen jar. It is a man's head, but grotesquely transformed,
text: by the addition of heavy makeup, earrings, and a sodden wig,
text: into a woman's face. Over the years the makeup has smeared
text: badly, and the pupils have gone almost milky white.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: staring at this terrible thing, is pleased to find herself
text: quickly regaining control. She murmurs to herself.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Well, Toto, we're not in Kansas
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. QUINN'S HOSPITAL - PARKING LOT - NIGHT (RAINING)
text: A loud clap of THUNDER, as a flash of LIGHTNING illuminates
text: the eerie towers and barred windows of the asylum.
text: MOVING ANGLE on Clarice as she climbs from her car, runs
text: through heavy rain towards the main entrance, where a guard
text: admits her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. LECTER'S CELL AND CORRIDOR - NIGHT (DIM LIGHT)
text: On a noiseless TV screen, an evangelist rants, waving his
text: arms. Behind him, a swaying choir in gaudy robes.
speaker_heading: CLARICE (O.S.)
dialog: It's an anagram, isn't it, Doctor?
text: PAN TO Clarice, with her wet hair plastered flat, sitting on
text: the corridor floor to one side of this TV, which has been
text: stationed so that Dr. Lecter cannot avoid seeing it.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Hester Mofet... "The rest of me."
dialog: Miss The-Rest-of-Me... Meaning, you
dialog: rented that place.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: he's lost in shadows; we can't see him. He doesn't respond.
scene_heading: CUTTING BETWEEN THEM
text: Clarice and the darkened call - as she tries again.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: You put those - things in there.
dialog: Paid for it in advance, ten years
dialog: ago... Why, Dr. Lecter?
text: The food carrier suddenly SWISHES out of the cell, making
text: her jump up. In its tray is a clean, folded white towel. She
text: hesitates, then crosses, takes this.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Thank you.
text: She sits again, rubbing her wet hair. When he finally speaks,
text: he's on the floor, too - a deeper, hunching darkness in the
text: shadows, occasionally striped by the flickering TV light.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Your bleeding has stopped.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: How did -
dialog: (she stops herself)
text: It's nothing. A scratch.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Why don't you ask me about Buffalo
dialog: Bill?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (surprised, a beat)
dialog: Why? Do you know something about
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: I might if I saw the case file. You
dialog: could get that for me.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Why don't you tell me about "Miss
dialog: Mofet?" You wanted me to find him.
dialog: Or do I have to wait for the lab?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: His real name is Benjamin Raspail. A
dialog: former patient of mine, whose romantic
dialog: attachments ran to, shall we say,
dialog: the exotic...? I didn't kill him,
text: merely tucked him away. Very much as
dialog: I found him, in that ridiculous car,
text: in his own garage, after he's missed
dialog: three appointments. You'd have him
dialog: under "Missing Person" - which, in
dialog: poor Raspail's case, could hardly be
dialog: more true.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: If you didn't kill him, then who
dialog: did?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Who can say...? Best thing for him,
dialog: really. His therapy was going nowhere.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Wouldn't it have been easier to just
dialog: leave him for the police to find?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: And have them clomping about in my
dialog: life? Oh dear, no... At that time I
dialog: still had certain private amusements
dialog: of my own.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How did you feel when you saw him,
dialog: Clarice? May I call you Clarice?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: Scared, at first. Then - exhilarated.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Ahhh... Why?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Because you weren't wasting my time.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Do you have something you use, when
dialog: you need to get up your courage?
text: Memories, tableaux... scenes from
dialog: your early life?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I don't know. Next time I'll have to
dialog: check.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Jack Crawford is helping your career,
dialog: isn't he? Apparently he likes you.
dialog: And you like him, too.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I never thought about it.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Your first lie to me, Clarice. How
dialog: sad. Tell me - do you think Crawford
dialog: wants you, sexually? True, he's much
dialog: older, but - do you think he
dialog: visualizes... scenarios, exchanges...?
dialog: Fucking you?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: That doesn't interest me, Doctor.
dialog: And it's the sort of thing Miggs
dialog: would ask.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Not anymore.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Surely the odd confluence of events
dialog: hasn't escaped you, Clarice. Crawford
dialog: dangles you before me. Then I give
dialog: you a bit of help. Do you think it's
dialog: because I like to look at you, and
dialog: imagine how good you would taste...?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I don't know. Is it?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Or doesn't this all begin to suggest
dialog: to you a kind of... negotiation?
dialog: There's something Crawford can give
dialog: me, and I want to trade for it. I
dialog: even wrote to him, offering my help.
dialog: But he hates me, so he won't deal
dialog: directly.
text: Dr. Lecter slowly turns up the rheostat in his cell. As his
text: lights rise, we see that the cell's been stripped bare. Gone
text: are his books, drawings, mattress - even his toilet seat.
text: She stands, too, startled. They face each other.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Punishment, you see. For Miggs. Just
dialog: like that gospel program. When you
dialog: leave, they'll turn the volume way
dialog: up. Chilton does enjoy his petty
dialog: torments.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Who killed Raspail, Doctor...? You
dialog: know, don't you?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: I've been in this room for eight
dialog: years, Clarice. I know they will
dialog: never, ever let me out while I'm
dialog: alive. What I want is a view. I want
dialog: a window where I can see a tree, or
dialog: even water. I want to be in a federal
dialog: institution, away from Chilton - and
dialog: I want a view. I'll give good value
dialog: for it. Crawford could do that for
dialog: me, but he won't. You persuade him.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (almost a whisper)
dialog: Who killed your patient?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Oh, a very naughty boy. Someone you
dialog: and Jack Crawford are most anxious
dialog: to meet.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Buffalo Bill...?
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Bill killed him, all those years
dialog: ago...? That's impossible.
text: But Dr. Lecter only smiles, enigmatically.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Who is he stalking right now, Clarice?
dialog: I wonder, don't you? How many more
dialog: young women will have to die, before
dialog: you trade with me...?
text: As Clarice stares at him, unsure how to respond -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CATHERINE MARTIN'S APARTMENT - MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: CATHERINE MARTIN takes a long toke from a bong pipe. She is
text: 21, a tall, big-boned, rather fleshy girl with long brown
text: fair. Her head is on the lap of her boyfriend, CODY; they're
text: sprawled on a couch in the den of her well-furnished
text: apartment. The TV in on, with low SOUND.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: This stuff's givin' me the munchies.
dialog: Where's that bag of popcorn?
speaker_heading: CODY
text: Shit. Left the groceries in the car.
text: He starts to rise, but she pushes him back.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: 'S okay, I'll go.
text: She rises, goes out the front door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - THE APARTMENT COMPLEX - NIGHT
text: Catherine straightens, with her bag of groceries, shutting
text: her car's back door. She sees, a short distance away -
speaker_heading: A MAN
text: standing at the open rear door of a brown panel truck. His
text: right forearm is in a cast and sling; he is struggling,
text: unsuccessfully, to hoist an armchair into the truck. Parked
text: nearby, other cars, RVs, a boat on a trailer. A thin, breast-
text: high fog fills the lot; arc lights make yellow pools.
text: Catherine hesitates, then crosses towards the man.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Help you with that?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Would you? Thanks.
text: His voice is odd, strained, very soft. A fog lamp, set on
text: end on the ground, distorts his features from below. We can't
text: get a good glimpse of his face, but his body is plump, above
text: average height; he's in his mid 30's. She sets down the bag,
text: then together they easily lift the chair into the truck.
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Let's slide it up, you mind?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE PANEL TRUCK - NIGHT
text: He climbs inside the truck, ducking under a small hand winch,
text: and grabs the chair. She hesitates again, but climbs in after
text: him; together they slide the chair forward, behind the seats.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Are you about a size 14?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: What?
text: Suddenly, in the shadowy dark, he clubs her over the back of
text: her head with his cast. She moans, slumps unconscious, sliding
text: off the armchair to lie on her stomach. He pulls off his
text: cast and sling, tosses them aside, then hops out of the truck,
text: grabs his lamp, climbs back inside, and pulls the door shut.
text: He bends over her face with the lamp.
text: We hear her shallow BREATHING.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Good.
text: He peels back the collar of her blouse, reading the size
dialog: tag.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Good.
text: He carefully slits her blouse up the back, with a pair of
text: bandage scissors, peeling apart the two halves. There's no
text: bra strap. He strokes her bare skin delicately, very happily.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Gooood...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: LOW ANGLE - CLOSE - on Catherine's grocery bag, as her blouse
text: is tossed out beside it. SOUND of the truck's motor starting.
text: The truck backs up, one rear wheel knocking over the bag,
text: partly squashing it. Then is drives away, taillights
text: shrinking, as a lone orange rolls slowly away from the bag...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. FBI ACADEMY CLASSROOM - QUANTICO - DAY
text: CLOSE ON a large video screen, where a BLURRY image gradually
text: sharpens, resolving into two separate pieces of fabric.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR (O.S.)
text: Electron microscopy reveals fiber
dialog: "signatures" that are nearly as
dialog: distinct as fingerprints...
text: Clarice sits at a long table, with other trainees. Ardelia
text: is beside her. Other tables and students in the background.
text: Each trainee has his own microscope. Clarice is tired, but
dialog: straightens, hearing -
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR (O.S.)
dialog: Both of these blouses were worn by
dialog: victims of Buffalo Bill. They were
dialog: found in two different states, and
text: four months apart. He always slits
text: them up the back, like a funeral
dialog: suit...
speaker_heading: ON THE SCREEN
text: successively CLOSER VIEWS of the cut fabric edges, until we
text: are seeing individual threads, big as tree limbs. The cuts
dialog: match.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR (O.S.)
dialog: The bunching you see - this
dialog: compression - is characteristic of
text: scissor cuts, rather than a single
dialog: blade. And, as you see - Bill always
dialog: uses the same pair...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE DOOR
text: as John Brigham, the gunnery instructor, sticks his head in.
speaker_heading: BRIGHAM
dialog: Clarice Starling! Are you in here?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CLASSROOM BUILDING - DAY
text: Clarice and Brigham walk briskly down the hall, passing other
text: trainees. He carries a small canvas bag.
speaker_heading: BRIGHAM
dialog: Get your field gear, take stuff for
dialog: overnight. You're goin' with Crawford.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: BRIGHAM
dialog: Some fishermen in West Virginia found
text: an unidentified girl's body. It's a
dialog: Buffalo Bill-type situation. Been in
dialog: the water about a week, and Jack
dialog: needs somebody that can print a
dialog: floater. Think you can handle it?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (thinking quickly)
dialog: I'll need the big fingerprint kit...
text: and the one-to-one Polaroid, the CU-
text: 5, with film packs and batteries.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BRIGHAM'S JEEP CHEROKEE - DAY (DRIVING)
text: Brigham steers as they pass hangars, parked planes, an
text: airstrip. Clarice holds a big fingerprint kit and a weekend
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: BRIGHAM
dialog: Jack's pretty tough on you, isn't
dialog: he? Impatient...
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Sometimes.
speaker_heading: BRIGHAM
dialog: He's got a lot on his mind besides
dialog: Buffalo Bill... His wife, Bella, is
dialog: real sick. Comatose... I'm tellin'
dialog: you about it now, 'cause he may never.
text: Clarice absorbs this in silence as they stop near an ancient,
text: rather dilapidated Beechcraft. Its door is open, the twin
text: props and beacons already turning. Brigham turns to her,
text: holding out his small canvas bag.
speaker_heading: BRIGHAM
dialog: You're goin' in the field, so you
dialog: gotta have full kit. Take this -
dialog: it's my own...
text: Clarice opens the bag, stares at the big blue gun nestled in
text: its shoulder holster. She looks up at him, touched.
speaker_heading: BRIGHAM
dialog: Wear it, don't ever leave it in your
dialog: purse. Dry fire it whenever you get
dialog: the chance. And do your exercises.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I will... I promise.
speaker_heading: BRIGHAM
dialog: Listen, I hope you never need a thing
dialog: I've taught you. But you've got
dialog: something... Jack sees it, I do too.
dialog: If you ever need to, you can shoot.
text: She nods, climbs out. Then she looks back in at him. They're
text: both moved by this rite of passage, but a little embarrassed.
speaker_heading: BRIGHAM
dialog: Bless you, Starling...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEECHCRAFT PLANE - DAY (FLYING)
text: CLARICE'S POV - Out the plane's window, at the landscape far
text: below. Wisps of cloud, a quilt of farms.
text: Clarice turns from the window, looks at a think folder in
text: her lap. The cover reads "Case File: / BUFFALO BILL." Clarice
text: is moody, distracted. She hesitates, then opens the file,
text: begins to scan.
scene_heading: INSERTS - HER POV
text: Police forms, some handwritten... Typed lab reports; we catch
text: words, phrases: "Autopsy Protocols", "Histamine Analysis"...
text: Grainy enlargements of bullet slugs, showing matched
text: grooves... And then a stack of victim photos. The first one,
text: taken from a good distance away, shows a nude female body,
text: face down on a pebbly riverbank, surrounded by bits of litter.
text: Clarice hesitates again, then flips this photo to look at
text: the next. It makes her flinch, just slightly. Quickly she
text: turns through several more photographs, trying hard to
dialog: concentrate.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD (O.S.)
text: He keeps them alive for three days.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: shows Crawford standing over her, swaying with the plane's
text: motion. Behind him, the open cockpit door, the pilot's back.
text: Crawford sits, removing sunglasses. He rubs his eyes.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Why, we don't yet know... There's no
dialog: evidence of rape or physical abuse
text: prior to death. All the mutilation
dialog: you see there is post-mortem.
dialog: (a beat; he glances
dialog: at her)
dialog: I'm hot, are you hot? Bobby, it's
dialog: too damned hot back here...
text: The pilot adjusts a valve. Crawford turns to her again.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
text: So. Three days. Then he shoots them,
dialog: skins them - usually just the torsos -
text: and dumps them. Each body in a
dialog: different river, in a different state,
text: downstream from an interstate highway.
dialog: The water leaves us no fingerprints,
dialog: fibers, DNA fluids - no trace evidence
dialog: at all. That's Fredrica Bimmel, the
dialog: first one...
scene_heading: A COLOR PHOTO - IN CLARICE'S HANDS
text: shows a pretty, plump-cheeked brunette, in her high school
text: graduation cap and gown. She smiles at us with touching
dialog: optimism.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD (O.S.)
dialog: A big girl, like all the rest. Went
dialog: about 160... Her corpse was the only
dialog: one he took the trouble to weight
dialog: down, so actually, she was the third
dialog: girl found. After her, he got lazy...
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: as Clarice stares at the girl's face, moved. Crawford pulls
text: a map from the file, spreads it out. It shows the central
text: and eastern U.S., with widely-spaced, hand-drawn markings.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Blue square for Belvedere, Ohio,
text: where the Bimmel girl was abducted.
text: Blue triangle where her body was
dialog: found - down here in Missouri. Same
dialog: marks for the other four girls, in
dialog: different colors. This new one,
dialog: today... washed up here.
dialog: (he marks with a Flair
dialog: pen)
dialog: Elk River, in West Virginia, about
text: six miles below U.S. 79. Real boonies.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: There's no correlation at all between
dialog: where they're kidnapped and where
dialog: they're found...?
dialog: (he shakes his head)
dialog: What if - what if you trace the
dialog: heaviest-traffic routes backwards
dialog: from the dump sites? Do they converge
dialog: at all?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Good idea, but he thought of it,
dialog: too. We've run simulations, using
dialog: different vectors and the best dates
dialog: we can assign. You put it all in the
text: computer, and smoke comes out. No,
dialog: this one is different. This one has
dialog: seen us coming...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR - DAY (DRIVING)
text: Crawford steers, following a highway patrol car along a
text: winding mountain road. Clarice has the file open on her lap.
text: He glances at her, inscrutable behind his sunglasses.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Talk about him, Starling. Tell me
dialog: what you see.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (choosing her words
dialog: carefully)
dialog: He's a white male... Serial killers
dialog: tend to hunt within their own ethnic
dialog: group. And he's not a drifter - he's
dialog: got his own house, somewhere. Not an
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: What he does with them - takes
dialog: privacy... Time, tools... He's in
dialog: his 30's or 40's - he's got real
dialog: physical strength, but combined with
text: an older man's self-control. He's
dialog: cautious, precise, never impulsive...
dialog: This won't end in suicide, like they
dialog: often do.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: He's got a real taste for it now.
dialog: And he's getting better at his work.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (a beat; impressed)
dialog: Maybe you've got a knack for this...
dialog: I guess we're about to find out.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (quietly, evenly)
dialog: Like I have a "knack" for Dr. Lecter?
text: He studies her a few moments, measuring her anger.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Okay, Starling. Let's have it.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: You haven't said a word today about
dialog: that garage. Or what I found there.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: What should I say? You did fine work.
dialog: We'll wait on the lab.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: You knew. You knew from the start
dialog: that Lecter held the key to this...
dialog: But you weren't up front with me.
dialog: You sent me in to him naked.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you finished?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: He starts this - buzzing in me, in
dialog: my head. He makes me feel violated...
dialog: You used me, Mr. Crawford.
text: A shadow of regret passes over his face, but he answers
text: sternly.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Number One. Maybe there's a
dialog: connection, maybe not. Lying and
dialog: breathing are the same thing to
dialog: Lecter. Number Two. If I'd sent you
dialog: in there with something to hide from
dialog: him, he'd have known it, instantly.
dialog: He'd never have trusted you.
text: She starts to answer, then is silent. He is right.
text: By now the two cars are entering a tidy little town - tree-
text: lined streets, wooden houses, one-story shops, mountains in
text: the background. They slow, turn.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Number Three, I didn't bring you
dialog: along today just because you can do
dialog: first-rate forensics. If Lecter is
dialog: becoming part of this case, you've
dialog: got the most current read on him.
dialog: And Number Four - you don't have to
dialog: like me, or the way I do things. But
dialog: you do have to keep a cool head.
dialog: Especially now... Because from here
dialog: on out, you'll know everything I do.
dialog: Are we straight on that?
text: Clarice nods, silently; it's as close to an apology as she's
text: likely to get. She stares out the windshield.
scene_heading: JUST AHEAD OF THEM
text: the highway patrol cruiser noses into a curb, next to other
text: police cars, facing a big white frame house. Its sign reads
text: "Potter Funeral Home." Two troopers climb from the car.
text: Crawford parks too, then kills the engine. He turns to her,
text: removing his sunglasses, gestures to the case file.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You think about him long enough, you
dialog: get a feel for him... Then, if you're
dialog: lucky, out of all the stuff you know,
dialog: one little part of it tugs at you,
dialog: tries to get your attention... You
dialog: let me know when that happens,
dialog: Starling. Live right behind your
dialog: eyes, today. Don't try to impose any
dialog: patterns on this guy. Just stay open
dialog: and let him show you...
text: One of the troopers, impassive in his sunglasses and hat,
text: peers in through Crawford's window. Crawford nods to him,
text: then turns back to Clarice.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: School's out, Starling.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK OF THE FUNERAL HOME - POTTER, WEST VA. - DAY
text: SOUND of organ music, as Clarice, carrying her fingerprint
text: kit, mounts some steps to the sidewalk. She stops, seeing -
speaker_heading: COUNTRY PEOPLE
text: in their somber best, filing into the mortuary for a service.
text: The music - "Shall We Gather At The River?" - is issuing
text: from the open double doors. Several of the mourners glance
text: over at her curiously.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CLARICE
text: staring back at the mourners, hearing the music, as a sense
text: memory is triggered in her...
scene_heading: IN FLASHBACK - LOW ANGLE, MOVING
text: as we approach, down the aisle of a country chapel, an open
text: wooden coffin. Sad country faces turn, looking at us from
text: the flanking pews. The b.g. organ hymn is "Shall We
dialog: Gather...?"
scene_heading: THE SAD, 10 YEAR-OLD CLARICE
text: in her best dress, is reluctantly approaching the casket.
text: Her hands are held by the plump hands of unseen matrons.
speaker_heading: CHILD'S POV
text: on the looming coffin... closer and closer... until finally
text: she can see, lying inside it... her dead father, arms folded,
text: his marshal's badge still pinned to his lapel.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Starling...?
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE (PRESENT DAY)
text: as the grownup Clarice turns towards the impatient Crawford.
text: Like her, he carries a large case.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: We're around back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FUNERAL HOME - BACK CORRIDOR - DAY
text: A young deputy, several state troopers, and a SHERIFF are
text: all waiting, as Crawford and Clarice enter. The dim, cluttered
text: corridor doubles as storage space - there's a treadle sewing
text: machine, a soft-drink machine, a tricycle. The MUSIC is
text: closer. Crawford shakes hands with the sheriff.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Sheriff Perkins? Jack Crawford, FBI...
dialog: This is Officer Starling. We
dialog: appreciate your phoning us.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (grim, unsociable)
dialog: I didn't call you. That was somebody
dialog: from the state attorney's office...
dialog: 'For you do a thing else, I'm gon'
dialog: find out if this girl's local. It
dialog: could just be somethin' that outside
dialog: elements has dumped on us.
text: He casts a sidelong, unhappy glance at Clarice.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Well sir, that's where we can help.
dialog: If -
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: I don't even know you, Mister... Now
dialog: we'll extend you ever courtesy, just
dialog: soon as we can, but for right now -
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Sheriff, this, ah - this type of sex
dialog: crime has some aspects I'd rather
dialog: discuss just between the two of us.
dialog: Know what I mean?
text: He indicates Clarice with his eyes. The sheriff hesitates,
text: nods, then lets Crawford guide him into a small office,
text: closing the door behind them. Muffled WORDS from there.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: burning at this slight, is left alone with the troopers, who
text: peek at her with shy curiosity. She pulls her blazer a bit
text: tighter, self-conscious about her bulging shoulder holster.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE OFFICE DOOR
text: as, after a few more moments, the sheriff and Crawford emerge.
text: The sheriff, still not very happy, addresses his deputy.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Oscar, run fetch Dr. Akin from the
dialog: chapel. And tell Lamar to come on
dialog: when he's done playin' that music.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMBALMING ROOM - DAY
text: Crawford, in one corner of the room, has set up a Litton
text: Policefax fingerprint transmitter. SOUND of many men's low
text: voices, in background. He is on the phone, and has to speak
text: loudly.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: I need a six-way linkup! Chicago,
dialog: Detroit, Cleveland, St. Louis,
dialog: Atlanta, and Dallas... What?... Can
dialog: you hear me...?
text: He looks around, frustrated by the noisy circus atmosphere.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: is pulling on a pair of surgical gloves. She raises her voice,
text: turning up her natural accent by several notches.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Gentlemen. You officers and gentlemen!
dialog: Listen here a minute, please. There's
dialog: things I need to do for her...
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: as we see that the small room is very crowded with deputies
text: and troopers. They gradually fall silent, looking at her.
speaker_heading: CLARICE (O.S.)
dialog: Y'all brought her this far, and I
dialog: know her folks would thank you if
dialog: they could. Now please - go on out
dialog: and let me take care of her... Go
dialog: on, now.
text: The men look at one another, a little bashfully, then begin
text: to to file out, whispering among themselves. As they go, a
text: bright green body bag is REVEALED, tightly zipped, lying on
text: a porcelain embalming table. It is almost the only modern
text: object in this Victorian room, with its glass-paned cabinets
text: and faded wallpaper, decorated with cabbage roses.
scene_heading: FAVORING CRAWFORD
text: as he looks at Clarice with a new degree of respect. Men
text: brush by him, till finally only two are left: DR. AKIN, a
text: family g.p., and LAMAR, a lean, whiskey-reddened mortician.
text: SOUND of the door closing. Lamar dabs around his nostrils
text: with Vicks VapoRub.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: We're starting. Tell everybody to
dialog: stand by for fingerprint transmission.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: at a side counter, has turned back to her open fingerprint
text: kit. She is lifting out a camera when she hears the ZIPPER
text: of the body bag being slowly opened, behind her...
text: One gloved hand flies to her mouth as she reacts,
text: involuntarily, to the sudden smell. She blinks at her
text: reflection in the cabinet glass, then steels herself to turn,
text: look at the corpse.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (pause; softly)
dialog: Bill...
text: She steadies herself by raising her camera, takes a FLASH
dialog: photo.
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE - LOOKING UP, FROM BENEATH TABLE
text: as Dr. Akin gently lifts aside one of the dead girl's arms.
text: A piece of fishing line, with multiple hooks, is still snagged
text: around it, dangling. Crawford leans in for a closer look.
speaker_heading: DR. AKIN
dialog: Wrongful death... She'll have to go
dialog: to the state pathologist at Claxton
dialog: when you're done.
dialog: (Crawford nods)
dialog: I better - get on back for the rest
dialog: of that service. Lamar'll help you.
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: Lord almighty...
text: He leaves, and Clarice leans INTO SHOT, taking another photo.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: What do you see, Starling?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Well, she's not local. Her ears are
dialog: pierced three times each, and she's
text: wearing green glitter nail polish.
dialog: Looks like town to me...
speaker_heading: CLOSE ANGLE
text: on the calf of one of the girl's legs, as Clarice trails the
text: inside of her bare wrist along the skin.
speaker_heading: CLARICE (O.S.)
dialog: She waxed her legs, I think... A big
dialog: girl, just like the others - but she
dialog: was careful about her appearance...
scene_heading: UPWARD ANGLE AGAIN
text: as Lamar joins them for a closer look.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: Two of the fingernails are broken
dialog: off, and there's - dirt or grit under
text: the others. She tried to claw her
dialog: way through something... I'll scrape
dialog: out samples after I've printed her.
text: She takes another FLASH, then quickly reloads film.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
text: Them fishhooks are set too close
dialog: together. No wonder the Franklin
dialog: boys was scared to say they found
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Think they were runnin' a trotline?
text: Crawford and Lamar both look at her curiously.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (to Crawford)
dialog: It's a Fish and Game violation. Like
dialog: poaching. There's a big fine.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: Right... Are you from around here?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: They do it lots of places.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Get photos of her teeth. Then we'll
dialog: fax her fingerprints to Washington,
dialog: try to trace her through Missing
dialog: Persons.
scene_heading: SIDE ANGLE - CLOSE ON THE DEAD GIRL'S FACE
text: staring blue eyes, short reddish hair. Clarice sets the
text: Polaroid, with its special attachments, against the face,
text: while Lamar gently retracts the lips. Each time the camera
text: FLASHES, there's a bright glow inside the cheeks.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - CHEST HIGH
text: as Clarice examines a developing print.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: She's got something in her throat.
text: She hands the print to Crawford; he and Lamar look at it, as
text: she searches in her kit.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
text: When a body comes out of the water,
dialog: alots of times there's like, leaves
text: and things in the mouth.
text: Clarice holds up a pair of forceps. She glances at Crawford,
text: who nods. She bends over, partially OUT OF SHOT, and after a
text: few moments reappears, holding up a small, brown cylindrical
text: object. She turns this in the air, as they all stare.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: What is it - some kind of seed pod?
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: Nawsir, that's a bug cocoon. But how
dialog: come that to get way down in there?
dialog: 'Less somebody shoved it in...
text: Clarice and Crawford exchange a glance.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: She'll be easier to print if we turn
dialog: her over. Lamar, will you give me a
dialog: hand?
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: Yessir, I will. Clarice takes a jar
text: from her kit, carefully drops the
text: cocoon inside.
text: SOUND of the men's heavy efforts as they turn over the body,
text: off screen. She seals the jar, staring into it at the cocoon.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD (O.S.)
dialog: Starling - what do you make of these?
text: She turns to look.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: low on the corpse's back, over the shoulders, two neat,
text: triangular patches of skin are missing.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - TWO SHOT
text: as Clarice looks at Crawford.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I don't know. I didn't see those on
dialog: any of the other girls...
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: They weren't there. Get close-ups.
text: Clarice raises her camera, leans in for another FLASH.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BACK STEPS OF THE FUNERAL HOME - DAY
text: Clarice sits outside, with her head on her knees, drained.
text: She looks up wanly as Lamar appears, offers her a can of
dialog: Coke.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Thanks, I'm not thirsty.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: No, hold it under your chin, there,
dialog: and on your temples. Cold'll make
dialog: you feel better. It does me.
text: She smiles, touched, and takes the can. When Lamar sees
text: Crawford coming outside, he tactfully departs. Crawford sits
text: beside her; there's a brief silence. She soothes herself
text: with the can.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: When I told that sheriff we shouldn't
dialog: talk in front of a woman, that really
dialog: burned you, didn't it?
dialog: (she is silent)
dialog: That was just smoke, Starling, I had
dialog: to get rid of him. You did well in
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: It matters, Mr. Crawford... Other
dialog: cops know who you are. They look at
dialog: you to see how to act... It matters.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Point taken.
text: She looks at him a moment, then offers the can. He opens it.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: When we get back, I want you to run
dialog: that bug by the Smithsonian, see if
dialog: they can identify it. Maybe it's got
dialog: some limited range, or it only breeds
dialog: at certain times of year... You found
dialog: it, Starling, you deserve the credit.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I'm wondering if he's done that before -
text: placed a cocoon, or an insect. It
dialog: would be easy to miss in an autopsy,
dialog: especially with a floater... Can we
dialog: check back on that?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (shakes his head)
text: The other girls are in the ground.
text: Exhumations are upsetting for the
dialog: families. I'll do it if I have to,
dialog: but -
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Then have the lab check Raspail's
dialog: head.
dialog: (he looks at her)
dialog: Dr. Lecter's patient - have them
dialog: probe his soft-palette tissues...
dialog: They'll find another cocoon.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: You seem pretty sure of that.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Raspail was killed by the same man
dialog: who's killing these girls. And Lecter
dialog: knows him. Maybe even treated him...
dialog: You think so, too, don't you? Or
dialog: you'd never have sent me to that
dialog: asylum.
text: He looks at her for a moment, then sips again.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Before we caught him, Lecter had a
dialog: big psychiatric practice in Baltimore.
dialog: But he traveled all over the country -
dialog: teaching, consulting... Christ, even
dialog: testifying in murder trials. Who
dialog: knows how many potential psychos he
dialog: turned loose, just for the fun of
dialog: it...?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S CELLAR - DAY (DIM LIGHT)
text: A shadowy male figure looks down at us, leaning over the
text: edge of a deep hole. He holds a little white poodle in his
text: arms, stroking it. This is MR. GUMB, aka "Buffalo Bill."
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Rub the cream on your skin. Rub it
dialog: in gooood...
scene_heading: CATHERINE MARTIN
text: looks up at him. She is standing on the cement bottom of the
text: pit, or oubliette, about 15 feet below floor level. The pit
text: is bare, except for a futon and a plastic toilet bucket,
text: from which a thin string rises up to the basement. She's
text: soaking wet, in an orange jumpsuit, and holds a squeeze bottle
text: of skin lotion. She struggles to sound calm.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Mister... my family will pay cash.
dialog: Whatever ransom you're askin' for,
dialog: they -
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - UP TOWARDS MR. GUMB
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: Rub it in! Or you'll get the hose
dialog: again.
text: The little dog squirms in his arms, BARKING excitedly.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: Yes, it will, Precious, won't it? It
dialog: will get the hose!
scene_heading: SIDE ANGLE - AT PIT BOTTOM
text: as Catherine kneels, turning slightly away from him.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Oh God... oh God...
text: She unzips her jumpsuit, part-way, then squeezes some of the
text: lotion onto a palm. She reaches inside her suit, rubs it on.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Mister, if you let me go, I won't
dialog: press charges, I promise. You've
dialog: only had me here a couple days, and -
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB (O.S.)
dialog: No. Just one day...
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Is that all...? See - see, my mom is
dialog: a real important woman... Well, I
dialog: guess you already know that. She'll
dialog: pay you, no questions asked. Whatever
dialog: cause you represent - Iran, Palestine -
dialog: she'll see that -
text: A sudden blinding glare of light silences her. She looks up,
text: shielding her eyes.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: a floodlamp is descending, attached to a small basket.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: Put the bottle in the basket. No
dialog: funny business, or you'll be sorry...
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - CATHERINE
text: as the basket stops, and she steadies it. But as she slips
text: the bottle in, she sees something, O.S., just at the fringe
text: of the light. She hesitates, looks closer... then begins to
text: scream, hysterically, again and again. Her outflung hand
text: hits the lamp, and in its swaying glare, we see - high on
text: the concrete walls, all around her -
scene_heading: BLOODY FINGER TRACKS
text: dried now, brownish - left by many pairs of frenzied hands...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT.CLARICE'S DORM ROOM - FBI ACADEMY - DAWN
text: Clarice is at her desk, exercising her right hand with the
text: grip flexer, while simultaneously studying a thick law book.
text: Ardelia sticks her head in the door, excited.
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: You better come see this.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RECREATION ROOM - FBI ACADEMY - DAWN
text: CLOSE ON a TV screen, filled with a photo of Catherine Martin.
speaker_heading: TV ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: ...was listed at first simply as a
dialog: missing person, but is now believed
dialog: to have been kidnapped by the serial
dialog: killer known only as "Buffalo Bill."
text: The photo disappears, replaced by the TV ANCHOR himself.
speaker_heading: TV ANCHOR
dialog: Memphis Police sources indicate that
text: the missing girl's blouse has been
text: identified, sliced up the back, in
dialog: what has become a kind of grim calling
dialog: card. Young Catherine Martin, as
dialog: we've said, is the only daughter of
dialog: U.S. Senator Ruth Martin -
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: looks at Ardelia, surprised. Other trainees are drifting
text: into the rec room, some whispering among themselves. Clarice
text: stares back at the TV intently.
speaker_heading: TV ANCHOR (O.S.)
dialog: ...the Republican junior senator
dialog: from Tennessee. And while her
dialog: kidnapping is not at this point
dialog: considered to be politically
dialog: motivated, nevertheless it has stirred
dialog: the government -
text: BACK ON THE TV ANCHOR
speaker_heading: TV ANCHOR
dialog: ...to its highest levels, the
dialog: president himself being said to be,
dialog: and I quote, "intensely concerned."
dialog: Just moments ago, Senator Martin
dialog: made this dramatic personal plea...
speaker_heading: SENATOR MARTIN (TV FOOTAGE)
text: fills the screen, in a halo of lens flare, as she speaks to
text: a jostling crowd of reporters on the front steps of her
text: Georgetown home. A tall woman, late 40's, with a strong,
text: taut face.
scene_heading: SEN. MARTIN
dialog: I'm speaking now to the person who
dialog: is holding my daughter. Her name is
dialog: Catherine... You have the power to
text: let Catherine go, unharmed. She's
dialog: very gentle and kind - talk to her
dialog: and you'll see. Her name is
dialog: Catherine...
text: Clarice is moved by what she sees. Other trainees are all
text: around her.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Boy, is that smart...
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: Why does she keep repeating the name?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Somebody's coaching her... They're
text: trying to make him see Catherine as
dialog: a person - not just an object.
text: ON THE TV AGAIN
scene_heading: SEN. MARTIN
dialog: You have a chance to show the whole
dialog: world that you can be merciful, as
dialog: well as strong. Please - I beg you -
dialog: release my Catherine...
speaker_heading: NEW FOOTAGE
text: as we see (NIGHT, TELEPHOTO) - a taped-off section of
text: Catherine's parking lot. Technicians, with instruments, are
text: kneeling by the crushed grocery bag.
speaker_heading: 2ND TV ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: Meanwhile. in Memphis, the
dialog: investigation continued throughout
dialog: the night, as state and local
dialog: authorities were joined at the kidnap
text: scene by agents of the FBI...
speaker_heading: MOVING ANGLE (STILL TV FOOTAGE)
text: as Jack Crawford is seen striding towards the front door of
text: Catherine's apartment, followed by Burroughs and other agents.
text: One of them moves quickly towards the CAMERA, waving it back.
scene_heading: REC ROOM ANGLE - FAVORING ARDELIA
text: as the other trainees send up a brief, ironic cheer. But
text: Ardelia turns sympathetically towards the troubled Clarice.
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: I don't know whether to say "I'm
dialog: sorry," or "Congratulations." But
dialog: girl? - you just went prime time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SMITHSONIAN - MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY - DAY
text: The massive Victorian building looms over Constitution Avenue.
text: Clarice quickly mounts the steps, carrying a small plastic
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: I don't think he knew that she's a
dialog: Senator's child. She's a big girl,
dialog: Starling, like all the rest. We're
dialog: going on the theory she was randomly
dialog: targeted by size...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Clarice, now accompanied by a museum guard, walks through an
text: eerie landscape of dinosaur bones - crouching skeletons with
text: blank eye sockets, gaping fangs.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD (V.O.)
text: By now, Bill's had her for 36 hours.
dialog: That leaves us just 36 more, before
dialog: he kills her... But maybe, just maybe,
dialog: Starling, we caught a real break
dialog: this time - thanks to you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We found another bug, in Raspail's
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM OFFICE - DAY
text: CLOSE ON an live, enormous, rhinoceros beetle, as it weaves
text: its clumsy way among the men on a chessboard, before finally
text: stepping off the edge, onto a lettuce leaf.
speaker_heading: RODEN (V.O.)
dialog: Time, Pilch! My move.
speaker_heading: PILCHER (V.O.)
dialog: No fair! You lured him with produce.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: shows two entomologists, both 30ish, hunched over the board.
text: RODEN is a pudgy redhead; PILCHER is lean, quite handsome.
speaker_heading: RODEN
dialog: Tough noogies! It's still my turn.
speaker_heading: CLARICE (O.S.)
dialog: If the beetle moves one of your men,
dialog: does that count?
text: They look up, delighted to see Clarice in the doorway. Both
text: men are hopelessly smitten by her.
speaker_heading: RODEN
dialog: Of course it counts. How do you play?
speaker_heading: PILCHER
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Officer Starling. Welcome back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ENTOMOLOGY CORRIDOR - DAY
text: MOVING ANGLE as Clarice and the two men go briskly down a
text: hall lined with mounted insects, in all shapes and sizes.
text: Roden peers at Clarice's new cocoon, in its box.
speaker_heading: RODEN
dialog: Where the hell did this one come
text: from? It's practically mush.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: You really don't want to know.
speaker_heading: PILCHER
dialog: Your West Virginia specimen gave us
dialog: quite a bit of trouble, but I finally
dialog: managed to narrow his species through
dialog: chaetaxy - studying the skin.
speaker_heading: RODEN
dialog: I'm the one who found his perforating
dialog: proboscis! Are you wearing a gun,
dialog: right now?
dialog: (Clarice nods)
dialog: Ooh, cool! Can I see it? Can I?
speaker_heading: PILCHER
dialog: Just ignore him. He's not a Ph.D.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - DAY
text: VERY CLOSE (MAGNIFICATION) on the sliced cocoon, as Roden
text: uses tweezers and a dental probe to ease out the sodden
dialog: chrysalis.
speaker_heading: RODEN (O.S.)
dialog: The whole trick is to remove the
dialog: chrysalis without destroying it...
dialog: The wings are just like wet tissue
dialog: paper...
speaker_heading: THE TWO MEN
text: are hunched over a formica table, peering through square
text: magnifiers into stainless trays. Clarice watches curiously.
text: Of their two specimens, Pilcher's moth is in much better
text: condition - a big brown creature, its wings outspread on
dialog: towel paper.
speaker_heading: PILCHER
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: What do you do when you're not
dialog: detecting, Officer Starling?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I try to be a student, Dr. Pilcher.
speaker_heading: PILCHER
dialog: Ever get out for cheeseburgers and
dialog: beer? The amusing house wine...?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Not lately. But maybe someday.
text: He looks up at her, shyly. A little moment passes between
text: them, before Roden straightens, exultant.
speaker_heading: RODEN
dialog: Positive match!
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: You're sure?
speaker_heading: RODEN
dialog: (points with his dental
dialog: probe)
dialog: West Virginia... Baltimore. Officer
dialog: Starling, meet Mister Acherontia
dialog: Styx.
text: He moves aside for Clarice to get a closer look at Pilcher's
text: specimen. She leans forward, intently.
speaker_heading: HER POV (MAGNIFICATION)
text: the wide, furry, brown back of the moth. And there, right
text: between the wing bases - wonderful and terrible to see - is
text: nature's perfect reproduction of a ghostly human skull.
speaker_heading: RODEN (O.S.)
dialog: Better known to his friends as the
dialog: Death's-head Moth...
speaker_heading: PILCHER (O.S.)
dialog: The Latin name comes from two rivers
dialog: in Hell. Your man - he drops these
dialog: girls into rivers, every time. Didn't
dialog: I read that?
speaker_heading: FAVORING CLARICE
text: as she looks up at him, awed, excited, almost trembling.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: And there's no way - no natural way -
dialog: these could've wound up in the bodies?
speaker_heading: PILCHER
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: They live in Malaysia. In this
dialog: country, they'd have to be specially
dialog: raised, from imported eggs.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (pause, then softly)
dialog: Dr. Lecter...
text: As the two men stare at her, puzzled, we hear a SOUND UPCUT -
text: the wail of police SIRENS - and...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. U.S. ROUTE 95 - DAY (AERIAL SHOT)
text: An awesome armada of police vehicles swings through an
text: intersection, while normal traffic is held back by highway
dialog: patrol cruisers.
text: The lead cars turn off, hit the entrance ramp to the freeway -
text: SIRENS going, tires SQUEALING, red flashers...
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: on a speeding surveillance van, with long antennas and a
text: small satellite dish, near the head of the motorcade.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe we can trace how he buys the
dialog: bugs, starting with U.S. Customs...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE SURVEILLANCE VAN - DAY (DRIVING)
text: The van is crammed with an impressive array of hi-tech
text: equipment, all CLICKING and HUMMING. Burroughs is talking
text: quietly on a scrambler phone, while another agent works a
dialog: computer.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD (O.S.)
dialog: Maybe we can locate some of Raspail's
dialog: old lovers. Maybe, someday...
scene_heading: CLARICE AND CRAWFORD
text: sit in swivel seats at the rear, by a big window. Clarice
text: can't resit an occasional peak at the trailing motorcade,
text: awed and a bit thrilled to be the center of so much attention.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: But for Catherine Martin, it all
dialog: comes down to you and Lecter. You're
text: the one he talks to.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: He's already offered to help... What
dialog: would happen if we just showed our
dialog: cards - asked him for Bill?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: He offered to help, Starling, not to
dialog: snitch. That wouldn't give him enough
dialog: chance to show off. Remember, Lecter
dialog: looks mainly for fun. Never forget
dialog: fun.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: But if he knew we have so little
dialog: time -
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: If we act too anxious, he'll make us
dialog: wait. He'll let the Senator keep
dialog: hoping, day after day, until Catherine
dialog: finally washes up. That'd be the
dialog: most fun of all.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I think he means it, this time. I
dialog: think he'll deal.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: What would it take?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: Transfer to a new prison. With a
dialog: view of trees, he said, or even
dialog: water... Can we swing that?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: State to federal jurisdiction... We
dialog: can do it - eventually - but we'll
dialog: never get all the clearances in time.
dialog: Can you convince him a deal's already
dialog: in place?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: You'll back me up with some paperwork?
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: Then I'll try. But wouldn't this
dialog: have more weight coming from the
dialog: Senator herself?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: She doesn't know what we're up to.
dialog: And we can't afford to let her find
dialog: out.
text: Clarice looks at him, surprised.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: She's the mother, Starling. She can't
dialog: possibly comprehend what Lecter is.
dialog: She'd make the mistake of pleading
dialog: with him. Begging him... He'd feast
text: on her pain till the last second of
dialog: that girl's life...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BALTIMORE STATE HOSP. FOR THE CRIMINALLY INSANE - DAY
text: Chilton approaches, walking briskly down a corridor in the
text: administration wing. He looks quite agitated.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD (V.O.)
dialog: We can't trust Frederick Chilton,
dialog: either. He's greedy and ambitious.
dialog: If he knew about Lecter's link to
dialog: Bill, he's go straight to the
dialog: newspapers...
text: Chilton falls into step beside Clarice, who has her briefcase.
text: He points his gold pen at her accusingly.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: What you're doing, Miss Starling, is
dialog: coming into my hospital to conduct
dialog: an interview, and refusing to share
dialog: information with me. For the third
dialog: time!
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Dr. Chilton, I told you - this is
text: just routine follow-up on the Raspail
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: He's my patient! I have rights!
text: (grabs her arm,
dialog: stopping her)
dialog: I'm not just some turnkey, Miss
dialog: Starling. I shouldn't even be here
dialog: this afternoon. I had a ticket to
dialog: Holiday on Ice.
text: She stares at him, with pity and distaste, till he lets go.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I'm acting on instruction, Dr.
dialog: Chilton.
dialog: (handing him a card)
dialog: This is the U.S. Attorney's number.
dialog: Now please - either discuss this
dialog: with him, or let me do my job.
text: She walks away, leaving him speechless with frustration and
text: hostility. He clicks his pen, watching her go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. LECTER'S CELL AND CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Dr. Lecter sits at his table, languidly sketching with
text: charcoal on butcher paper.
text: He uses his own hand and forearm as a model. His other
text: drawings, books, and bedding have been restored.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Wouldn't you say, Clarice, that for
dialog: a United States Senator, you're an
dialog: odd choice of messenger?
text: Clarice, sitting again at the desk-chair, is taking papers
text: from her briefcase.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I was your choice, Dr. Lecter. You
dialog: chose to speak to me. Would you prefer
dialog: someone else now? Or perhaps you
dialog: don't think you can help us.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: That is both impudent and untrue...
dialog: Tell me, how did you feel when you
dialog: viewed our Billy's latest effort?
dialog: (beat; he smiles)
dialog: Or should I say, his "next-to-latest"?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: By the book, he's a sadist.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Life's too slippery for books,
text: Clarice. Typhoid and swans came from
dialog: the same God.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tell me, Miss West Virginia - was
dialog: she a large girl?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
text: Big through the hips. Roomy.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: They all were.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Mmm. And what else...?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: She had an insect deliberately
dialog: inserted in her throat. That hasn't
dialog: been made public yet. We don't know
dialog: what is means.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Was it a butterfly?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (pause; staring at
dialog: him)
dialog: A moth... How did you predict that?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: I'm waiting for your offer, Clarice.
dialog: Enchant me.
text: Clarice looks down at her papers, taking a moment to collect
text: her thoughts. She looks up at him again, evenly.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: If you help us find Buffalo Bill in
dialog: time to save Catherine Martin, the
dialog: Senator promises you a transfer to
dialog: the V.A. hospital at Oneida Park,
text: New York, with a view of the woods
text: nearby. Maximum security still
dialog: applies, but you'd have reasonable
dialog: access to books.
text: He is silent. She rises, moves closer, carrying papers.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Best of all, though - one week a
dialog: year you'd get to leave the hospital
dialog: and go here.
dialog: (points to a map)
dialog: Plum Island. Every afternoon of that
dialog: week you can walk on the beach or
dialog: swim in the ocean for up to one hour.
dialog: Under SWAT team surveillance, of
dialog: course...
text: His face remains neutral. She puts the papers in his food
dialog: tray.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Copy of the Buffalo Bill case file,
dialog: copy of Senator Martin's terms. Her
dialog: offer is final and non-negotiable.
dialog: If Catherine dies -
text: (she slides his tray
dialog: through)
dialog: You get nothing.
text: A measured beat, before he rises smoothly, crosses, and looks
text: down at the papers, without touching them.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: "Plum Island Animal Disease Research
dialog: Center." Sounds charming.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: That's just part of the island. It
dialog: has a very nice beach. Terns nest
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Terns... If I help you, Clarice, it
dialog: will be "turns" with us, too. Quid
dialog: pro quo. I tell you things, you tell
dialog: me things. Not about this case, though -
dialog: about yourself. Yes or no?
dialog: (she is silent)
dialog: Yes or no, Clarice. Catherine is
text: waiting. Tick-tock, tick-tock...
text: She looks at him. A beat. They are standing uncomfortably
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Go, Doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: What's your worst memory of childhood?
dialog: (she hesitates)
dialog: Quicker than that. I'm not interested
dialog: in your worst invention.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: The death of my father.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Tell me. Don't lie, or I'll know.
text: Clarice cannot bear the feverish excitement in his eyes. She
text: looks past him, hesitating again.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: He was a town marshal... one night
text: he surprised two burglars, coming
text: out the back of a drugstore... They
dialog: shot him.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Killed outright?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: No. He was strong, he lasted almost
dialog: a month. My mother - died when I was
dialog: very young, so my father had become -
dialog: the whole world to me... After he
dialog: left me, I had nobody. I was ten
dialog: years old.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: You're very frank, Clarice. I think -
dialog: it would be quite something to know
dialog: you in private life.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Quid pro quo, Doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: The significance of the moth is
text: change. Caterpillar into cocoon into
dialog: beauty... Billy wants to change,
dialog: too, Clarice. But there's the problem
dialog: of his size, you see. Even if he
dialog: were a woman, he'd have to be a big
dialog: one...
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Dr. Lecter, there's no correlation
dialog: in the literature between
dialog: transsexualism and violence.
dialog: Transsexuals are very passive.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Clever girl. You're so close to the
dialog: way you're going to catch him - do
dialog: you realize that?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: No. Tell me why.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: After your father's death, you were
dialog: orphaned. What happened next?
dialog: (Clarice drops her
dialog: gaze)
dialog: I don't imagine the answer's on those
dialog: second-rate shoes, Clarice.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I went to live with my mother's cousin
dialog: and her husband in Montana. They had
dialog: a ranch.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: A cattle ranch?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Horses - and sheep...
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: How long did you live there?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Two months.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Why so briefly?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I - ran away...
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Why, Clarice? Did the rancher fuck
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Did he try to?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: No...! Quid pro quo, Doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Billy's not a real transsexual, but
text: he thinks he is. He tries to be.
dialog: He's tried to be a lot of things, I
dialog: expect.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: You said - I was very close to the
dialog: way we'd catch him.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: There are three major centers for
dialog: transsexual surgery: Johns Hopkins,
dialog: the University of Minnesota, and
dialog: Columbus Medical center. I wouldn't
dialog: be surprised if Billy has applied
dialog: for sex reassignment at one or all
dialog: of them, and been rejected.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: On what basis would they reject him?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: The personality inventories would
dialog: trip him up. Rorschach, Wechsler,
dialog: House-Tree-Person... He wouldn't
dialog: test like a real transsexual.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: How would he test?
text: Suddenly Dr. Lecter snarls, loudly, stretching. Clarice take
text: a sharp step backwards before he smiles, turning his movement
text: into an elaborate yawn. He gathers the papers from his tray.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: That's enough, I think. Happy hunting.
dialog: Oh, and Clarice - next time you will
dialog: tell me why you ran away. Shall I
dialog: summarize?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: Yes, Doctor. Please.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S CELLAR - DAY
text: VERY CLOSE ON a cocoon, split along its back, as a living
text: Death's-head Moth wriggles torturously free. Trembling and
text: damp, the new creature clings to a sprig of nightshade.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: You should try to obtain a list of
dialog: males rejected from all three gender
dialog: reassignment centers...
scene_heading: PULLING BACK
text: we see a big wire cage, holding several of the moths. They
text: crawl over the humus floor or feed at honeycombs, wings
text: pumping lazily. In the distant background, the incongruous
text: SOUND of show music.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: Check first the ones rejected for
dialog: lying about criminal records...
scene_heading: CONTINUOUS MOVING ANGLE
text: at about knee level, as we leave the cage, and begin to TRAVEL
text: through this eerie, dimly-lit warren of a cellar.
text: As we go - occasionally TURNING corners, or skirting the
text: dark openings of unexplored passages - various objects loom
text: briefly INTO VIEW, overhead - a stainless-steel work table...
text: a big sink... jars of chemicals... neat racks of gleaming
dialog: knives...
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: Among those who tried to conceal
dialog: their past, look for severe childhood
dialog: disturbances, associated with
dialog: violence... Possibly you'll find a
dialog: childhood incarceration... Then go
dialog: to their personality tests...
text: We pass a row of female mannequins, some nude, some wearing
text: colorful leather jackets, designer knockoffs, in various
text: stages of completion... then a huge maroon armoire, in Chinese
text: lacquer; its double doors are slightly ajar... The jaunty
dialog: background.
text: MUSIC is growing even louder: Fats Waller singing "Bye Bye
text: Baby." And now we hear something else, too - the rapid
text: CLICKING of a sewing machine...
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: Study their drawings, especially.
dialog: Billy's house drawings will show no
dialog: happy future... No baby carriage,
text: out in the yard. No pets, no toys,
dialog: no flowers, no sun...
text: We TURN another corner, and there is Mr. Gumb himself. As we
text: APPROACH, his wide back is to us; he's hunched over an old-
text: fashioned sewing machine, humming cheerfully, and working a
text: piece of material that we mercifully cannot see. A female
text: wig rests near him on a head form. He wears a hairnet and a
text: beautiful kimono, and pumps the treadle with his bare feet.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: His females will be more crudely
dialog: sketched than him males - but he'll
dialog: compensate by adding exaggerated
text: adornments... jewelry, big breasts...
dialog: And his tree drawings - oh, his trees
dialog: will be frightful...
text: Next to Mr. Gumb is an antique phonograph - source of the
text: MUSIC. His little dog, Precious, perches by his plump ankles.
text: As we PASS Mr. Gumb, Precious scurries away from him, panting
text: happily, and we FOLLOW the little dog down another corridor,
text: the music starting to fade behind us...
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: Billy hates his own identity, he
dialog: always has - and he thinks that makes
text: him a transsexual. But his pathology
dialog: is a thousand times more savage...
dialog: He wants to be reborn, Clarice. He
dialog: will be reborn...
text: At the end of this final corridor, the cellar widens into a
text: low-ceilinged chamber, with two additional doorways, and in
text: the center of this is the gaping circle of the oubliette.
text: Precious sniffs her way over to the edge - excited, tail
text: wagging - than BARKS happily as we hear a hoarse, ghostly
text: moan from below.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (O.S.)
dialog: Pleeeeeeeease.....!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. LECTER'S CORRIDOR - DAY
text: MOVING ANGLE - CLOSE ON Dr. Lecter's slippered feet, which
text: rest on the shelf of a rolling hand truck. RISING along his
text: tilted form, we see that his ankles are linked by steel
text: restraints... his legs, waist, upper torso, and arms are
text: bound by heavy canvas webbing... beneath the webbing is a
text: strait-jacket... and over his face is a hockey mask.
speaker_heading: CHILTON (V.O.)
dialog: Bad news, Hannibal...
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: shows that Dr. Lecter, on the handtruck, is being pushed
text: down his corridor by Barney, and back into his open cell.
speaker_heading: CHILTON (V.O.)
dialog: Gourmet magazine has rejected your
dialog: recipe for braised kidneys...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. LECTER'S CELL - DAY
text: Chilton lounges on Dr. Lecter's cot, casually reading his
text: large stack of private correspondence, and making notations
text: with his gold pen on a little pad. Another orderly mops the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: Perhaps you should have been less
dialog: specific about what kind.
dialog: (to Barney)
text: Stand him by the toilet. Then leave
dialog: us.
text: Barney props the hand truck into position, then both orderlies
text: go. Chilton finishes another letter, sighs happily.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: Such a lot of correspondence! I can
dialog: hardly wait to analyze it in more
dialog: detail... But first things first.
text: Tossing letters onto the cot, he rises, crosses out into the
text: corridor, and bends to remove a small tape recorder from
text: underneath Clarice's desk. He waggles it triumphantly at Dr.
dialog: Lecter.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: I thought she might be looking for a
dialog: civil rights violation in Migg's
dialog: death, so I bugged you... Not a word
dialog: to me in all these years, Hannibal.
text: Then Crawford sends his bit of fluff
dialog: over here, and you just turn to jelly.
dialog: It's too pathetic.
scene_heading: SIDE ANGLE - TWO SHOT
text: as Chilton, back in the cell, leans tauntingly close to the
text: front of Dr. Lecter's mask.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: You still think you're going to walk
dialog: on some beach, and see the birdies?
dialog: I don't think so, Hannibal... I called
dialog: Senator Ruth Martin, and she never
dialog: heard of any deal with you. She never
dialog: heard of Clarice Starling, either.
dialog: They scammed you, Hannibal...
text: CLOSE ON Dr. Lecter's glittering eyes, behind their slits.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
text: When Crawford gets through milking
dialog: you, he's giving you to Baltimore
dialog: Homicide for the Raspail murder. And
dialog: they're preparing some special
dialog: surprises for you right now, in my
text: electroshock room.
scene_heading: DR. LECTER'S POV (FRAMED BY EYE-SLITS)
text: first looking at Chilton's moving lips... then LOWERING to
text: his soft, white, inviting throat...
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: The Starling bitch wants you to rot
dialog: here, in this little box, till your
dialog: teeth fall out and you're soiling
dialog: diapers. You've seen the old ones,
text: Hannibal. They weep when their stewed
dialog: peaches get cold. That'll be you,
dialog: too. Unless - you trade with me.
speaker_heading: FAVORING CHILTON
text: as he sits chummily on the table.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: There never was a deal with Senator
dialog: Martin - but there is now. I've been
text: on the phone for hours, Hannibal, on
dialog: your behalf. Here's what you get: if
dialog: you identify Buffalo Bill, and the
dialog: girl is found in time, Senator Martin
dialog: will have you transferred to Brushy
dialog: Mountain State Prison, in Tennessee...
scene_heading: CLOSE AGAIN ON DR. LECTER'S EYES
text: as they shift restlessly, away from Chilton - then suddenly
text: lock onto something. They widen with interest.
speaker_heading: CHILTON (O.S.)
dialog: The Governor has already agreed. You
dialog: get books, a view of the woods, and
dialog: plenty of exercise time...
scene_heading: DR. LECTER'S POV - EXTREME CLOSEUP
text: On the cot, carelessly left there, lying half-hidden under
text: the letters and the rumpled sheet... is Chilton's gold pen.
speaker_heading: CHILTON (O.S.)
dialog: And best of all, you'd be out of
text: Jack Crawford's reach, forever. The
dialog: Senator will verify these terms on
dialog: the phone, and guarantee them in
dialog: writing...
scene_heading: BACK ON DR. LECTER
text: as he stares a moment longer at the pen, then shifts his
text: eyes towards Chilton. We can almost hear his brain clicking.
speaker_heading: CHILTON (O.S.)
dialog: In exchange, I get your full
dialog: cooperation in publishing a
dialog: professional account of this - my
dialog: successful interviews with you. You
dialog: publish nothing. And I get exclusive
dialog: access to any material from Catherine
dialog: Martin... So. Do you accept my
dialog: demands?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Answer me, Hannibal.
text: A beat. Dr. Lecter is silent. Chilton sticks his face INTO
text: SHOT, almost intimately close to the mask. He is agitated.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: You'll answer me now, or by God,
dialog: you'll answer to Baltimore Homicide.
dialog: Who is Buffalo Bill?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: (pause; then softly)
dialog: I'll tell the Senator herself. But
dialog: only in Tennessee...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JOHNS HOPKINS - GENDER IDENTITY CLINIC - DAY
text: MOVING ANGLE - as the very impatient Crawford, clutching a
text: folder, strides down a hall beside DR. DANIELSON - early
text: 50's, severe, in a lab coat. Nurses, doctors, glance as they
dialog: pass.
speaker_heading: DR. DANIELSON
dialog: I'm not having a witch hunt here,
dialog: Mr. Crawford! Our patients are decent,
dialog: non-violent people with a real
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Dr. Danielson, the man we want was
dialog: never your patient. It would be
dialog: someone you refused because he tries
dialog: to conceal a record of criminal
dialog: violence. Please, Doctor - time is
dialog: eating us up. Just show me the ones
dialog: you've turned away.
text: Danielson enters a cramped, stainless steel nurse's gallery,
text: with Crawford following, and pours himself a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: DR. DANIELSON
dialog: (adamantly)
dialog: Examination and interview materials
dialog: are confidential. We've never violated
dialog: an applicant's trust, and we never
dialog: will.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: You want to see a violation? This is
dialog: a violation...
text: He takes a black &amp; white photo from his folder, slaps it
text: down in front of Danielson. From our angle, we can't see it
dialog: clearly.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Her name is Kimberly Jane Emberg,
dialog: she was just ID'd. I met her on a
dialog: slab in West Virginia. And sometime
dialog: tomorrow, or tomorrow night, he's
dialog: going to do the same thing to
dialog: Catherine Martin.
speaker_heading: DR. DANIELSON
dialog: That's a childish, bullying stunt,
dialog: Mr. Crawford. I was a battlefield
dialog: surgeon, so you can put away your
dialog: picture.
text: Burroughs sticks his head in, looking for Crawford.
speaker_heading: BURROUGHS
dialog: Phone, Jack. Director Burke.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: In a minute!
text: Burroughs hurriedly retreats. Crawford strains for patience.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Look... search your own records, if
dialog: you prefer. You can do it a lot faster
dialog: than us, anyway. If we find Buffalo
dialog: Bill through your information, I'll
dialog: suppress it. Nobody has to know this
dialog: hospital cooperated.
speaker_heading: DR. DANIELSON
dialog: I doubt very much that the FBI or
dialog: any other government agency can keep
dialog: a secret, Mr. Crawford. Truth will
dialog: out... And then what? Will you give
dialog: Johns Hopkins a new identity? Put a
dialog: big pair of sunglasses on this
dialog: building, and a funny nose?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Oh, that's clever, Dr. Danielson.
dialog: Very humorous. You like the truth?
dialog: Try this.
dialog: (right in his face,
dialog: enraged)
text: He kidnaps young women and kills
dialog: them and rips their skin off. We
dialog: don't want him to do that anymore.
dialog: If you don't help me, just as fast
dialog: as you can, then the Justice
dialog: Department is going to ask publicly
dialog: for a court order, We'll ask twice a
dialog: day, just in time for the morning
dialog: and evening news. And each one of
dialog: our press conferences will focus on
dialog: Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins,
dialog: and how we're still hoping for his
dialog: cooperation. And every time there's
dialog: any news on the case - when Catherine
text: Martin floats, when the next one
dialog: floats, and the next one - why, we'll
dialog: just issue another press release
dialog: about good ol' Dr. Danielson, over
dialog: at Johns Hopkins - complete with all
dialog: his humorous fucking remarks.
speaker_heading: DR. DANIELSON
dialog: (pause; stiffly)
dialog: It may be that - I could confer with
dialog: my colleagues on this. And get back
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Would you, Doctor? That would be so
dialog: kind.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE SURVEILLANCE VAN - DAY
text: Crawford is on the scrambler phone. Burroughs watches
dialog: silently.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (on phone; stunned)
dialog: Transferred...?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FBI BUILDING - OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR - DAY
text: HAYDEN BURKE, the FBI Director, swivels in his big chair.
text: Lean, late 40's, very distinguished. His desk is flanked by
dialog: flags.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR BURKE
dialog: (on phone)
text: Already airborne for Memphis. Senator
text: Martin's meeting him at the airport.
dialog: (uneasily)
dialog: Jack - did you make some sort of
dialog: promise to Lecter, in the Senator's
dialog: name?
text: Listening to the answer, he looks uncomfortably across his
text: desk at PAUL KRENDLER, the Deputy Attorney General - 40,
text: very tanned, modish haircut. Krendler is irritable, impatient.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR BURKE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: We're going to have to talk about
dialog: this, Jack. The Senator's mad as
dialog: hell. Paul Krendler's over here from
dialog: Justice, she's asking him to take
dialog: charge in Memphis... I know that...
dialog: But you're still in command of the
text: task force, and Lecter's plane can
dialog: still be ordered back. It's your
dialog: call, Jack - but I want it now.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE SURVEILLANCE VAN - DAY
text: Burroughs starts to make an objection, but Crawford stills
text: him with a hand motion. He is taut, frustrated. Long pause.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Let him land.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT.CLARICE'S DORM ROOM - DOORWAY - DAY
text: Clarice opens her door, stares out at Crawford. She's just
text: slipping on her blazer, over her shoulder holster. She's
dialog: furious.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Chilton has killed her, hasn't he?
dialog: That slimy little bastard! We were
text: so close with Lecter - and now her
text: last chance is gone.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Let's get some coffee and talk.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FBI ACADEMY GROUNDS - QUANTICO - DAY
text: MOVING ANGLE on Clarice and Crawford, as they walk along a
text: sidewalk, sipping from paper cups. The surveillance van trails
text: them slowly, radios CRACKLING.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Are you in trouble over this, Mr.
dialog: Crawford? Can Senator Martin do
dialog: something to you?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: I'm 53, Starling. If I found Jimmy
dialog: Hoffa on national TV, I'd still have
dialog: to retire in two years. It's not a
dialog: consideration. But you are...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You've done enough. If I keep you
dialog: out of school any longer, you'll be
dialog: recycled. Cost you six months, at
dialog: least. I can guarantee you readmission
dialog: here, but that's about it.
text: (he stops, looks at
dialog: her)
dialog: Now's your chance, Starling. Go back
dialog: to class. Leave Bill to me.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: If you didn't want me chasing him,
dialog: you shouldn't have taken me to that
dialog: funeral home.
text: He looks at her steadily, then nods. They walk on.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Lecter is still the key, I know he
dialog: is. Whatever he told me about Bill
dialog: is just as good now as it was before.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Or just as worthless. But I want you
text: in Memphis, close to him. Maybe when
text: he gets tired of toying with Senator
dialog: Martin, he'll talk to you again.
dialog: There's a plane waiting for you now
text: at the airstrip.
text: She smiles at this acknowledgment; he never thought she's
dialog: quit.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I lied to Lecter. I'll need some
dialog: kind of peace offering... Can I get
dialog: the drawings from his cell?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Good idea. Meantime, try to get a
dialog: feel for Catherine Martin. Her
dialog: apartment, her friends... how he
dialog: might've stalked her. I'm going to
dialog: the other two clinics, Minnesota and
dialog: Ohio.
text: (he crumples his cup,
dialog: tosses it)
dialog: Now's the hardest part, Starling.
dialog: Use your anger, don't let it keep
dialog: you from thinking. Just keep your
dialog: eyes on Catherine. We've got less
dialog: than 30 hours.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Mr. Crawford... can those cops down
dialog: there handle Dr. Lecter?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: They'll use their best men. But they
dialog: better be paying attention...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AIR NATIONAL GUARD HANGER - MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE - DAY
text: CLOSE ON Dr. Lecter. Behind his mask, the alert, searching
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD (V.O.)
dialog: He will...
scene_heading: OFFICERS PEMBRY AND BOYLE
text: two sturdy, well-armed, veteran prison guards - are checking
text: Dr. Lecter's restraints with clever, careful fingers.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Welcome to Memphis, Dr. Lecter. I'm
dialog: Officer Boyle, this is Officer Pembry.
dialog: We aim to treat you just as nice as
dialog: you treat us. Act like a gentlemen,
dialog: you'll get three hots and a cot.
speaker_heading: PEMBRY
dialog: But we ain't pussy-footin' with you,
dialog: buddy ruff. You get cute, try to
dialog: bite somebody? - we'll tie your
dialog: asshole in a knot. You savvy?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Oh yes, Officer Pembry. I certainly
dialog: do.
text: The officers turn away, Boyle signing a clipboarded form.
speaker_heading: PEMBRY
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Shit, he's just an ol' broke-dick.
dialog: Won't be no trouble as all if he
dialog: don't flip out.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Dr. Chilton...?
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - WIDER
text: as we see that we're in a vast, dusty hangar. Parked to one
text: side: an EMS ambulance and four highway patrol cruisers; a
text: dozen troopers stand quietly chatting and smoking over there.
text: Prentiss is pacing impatiently, casting anxious glances
text: towards the open hanger doorway.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: If you'll please sign right here,
dialog: sir, we'll have us a legal transfer.
text: Chilton instinctively pats his shirt pocket for his gold
text: pen; it's gone. He searches other pockets, with growing
dialog: unhappiness.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Use mine.
speaker_heading: PEMBRY
dialog: Here they come.
scene_heading: TWO BLACK STRETCH LIMOUSINES
text: glide smoothly into the hangar, stop. Secret Service agents
text: pour out of the lead car, form a cordon. A driver opens the
text: rear door of the second car, and Krendler steps out, followed
text: by the Senator's assistant, with a briefcase, followed, as
text: last, by the Senator herself. Barely glancing around, she
text: strides towards Lecter.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - DR. LECTER AND SEN. MARTIN
text: as she stops, struck by the bizarre spectacle of his
text: restraints. The others instinctively keep a distance, but
text: Chilton, with theatrical relish, unstraps and removes Dr.
text: Lecter's mask.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: Senator Martin, meet Dr. Hannibal
dialog: Lecter.
text: They stare at one another for a long moment: the Senator
text: tense, almost haggard, the madman with his unearthly poise.
scene_heading: SEN. MARTIN
dialog: Dr. Lecter, I've brought an affidavit
dialog: guaranteeing your new rights... You'll
dialog: want to read it before I sign.
text: He assistant unsnaps his briefcase, reaches for the form.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: I won't waste your time and
dialog: Catherine's time bargaining for petty
dialog: privileges. Clarice Starling and
dialog: that awful Jack Crawford have wasted
dialog: far too much already. I only pray
dialog: they haven't doomed the poor girl...
dialog: Let me help you now, and I'll trust
dialog: you when it's all over.
scene_heading: SEN. MARTIN
dialog: You have my word. Paul?
text: Krendler raises a pad, poised to take notes.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Buffalo Bill's real name is William
dialog: Rubin. I met him just once. He was
dialog: referred to me in April or May, 1980,
dialog: by my patient Benjamin Raspail. They
dialog: were lovers, but Raspail had become
dialog: very frightened. Apparently Rubin
dialog: had murdered a transient, and - done
dialog: things with the skin. He thought if
dialog: I could cure Billy, then Billy'd be
dialog: safe from the police, and he's be
dialog: safe from Billy... Obviously, he was
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: KRENDLER
dialog: We need his address, a physical descr-
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Did you nurse Catherine?
scene_heading: SEN. MARTIN
dialog: (pause; startled)
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Did you breast-feed her?
text: He flicks his tongue obscenely.
speaker_heading: KRENDLER
dialog: You son-of-a -
text: The Senator stills him with a hand. She is trembling.
scene_heading: SEN. MARTIN
dialog: Yes... I did.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Toughened your nipples, didn't it...?
dialog: (a beat; then rapidly,
dialog: bored)
text: Six foot one, strongly built, about
text: 190 pounds. Hair brown, eyes pale
dialog: blue. He'd be about 35 now. He said
dialog: he lived in Philadelphia, but may
dialog: have lied. That's really all I can
dialog: remember, Senator - but if I think
dialog: of any more, I'll let you know.
scene_heading: SEN. MARTIN
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Let's go with it.
text: They start towards the car, but he calls out, stopping her.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Senator Martin...! You can't trust
dialog: Jack Crawford or Clarice Starling.
dialog: It's such a game with these people.
dialog: They're determined to get the arrest
dialog: for themselves. The "collar," I think
dialog: they say.
scene_heading: SEN. MARTIN
dialog: Thank you, Doctor. I'll keep it in
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Oh, and Senator...? Love you suit.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S BASEMENT - DAY (DIMLY LIT)
text: CLOSE ON scraps of food - peas, chicken bones - lying on the
text: cement floor of the pit, near the foil tray of a TV dinner.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (O.S.)
dialog: (muttering, feisty)
dialog: Close enough to fuck is close enough
dialog: to fight...
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: is hunched over in concentration. The plastic toilet bucket
text: is on her lap, and she has yanked down its cotton string.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Get my legs round your neck, you
dialog: goddamn creep, I'll send you home to
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: HER FINGERS
text: are tying a chicken bone to the bucket's handle, where it
text: meets the string. The other end of the string is tied to her
dialog: wrist.
speaker_heading: SHE STANDS
text: gathers the coiled string in one hand, and swings the bucket
text: by its handle, calculating this distance up to the basement
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Okay, Precious. Time for a treat...
text: She hurls the bucket upwards.
text: AT THE LIP OF THE OUBLIETTE
text: the bucket sails out, bounces LOUDLY, then falls back inside.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE DOG, PRECIOUS
text: who is elsewhere in the basement, worrying a toy. She cocks
text: an ear, making a low GROWL, then sets off to investigate.
text: DOWN IN THE PIT
text: Catherine swings the bucket again, trying another cast.
text: THE BUCKET LANDS
text: two feet beyond the pit's edge, rolls a bit, stops.
scene_heading: PRECIOUS TROTS UP
text: then pauses, staring curiously towards...
speaker_heading: VERY LOW ANGLE (DOG'S POV)
text: the enticing chicken bone, six feet away. It twitches as
text: Catherine tugs on the string, edging the bucket back towards
dialog: the pit.
text: Precious with her tail wagging, BARKS - greedy but suspicious.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: staring upwards, pulls again, even so gently, at the string.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Preeeeecious...! C'mon, boy, nice
dialog: yummy bone... c'mon, you little
dialog: shit...
speaker_heading: PRECIOUS
text: edges reluctantly closer... then suddenly rushes in, seizing
text: the bone in her teeth. She tries to run away with it, but
text: Catherine is pulling her towards the hole, working her like
text: a hooked fish. Her toenails scrabble as she tries to stop.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: stares desperately, unable to see how she's doing.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Hang on, boy... hang on...
speaker_heading: PRECIOUS
text: still fights for the bone, GROWLING, as the bucket rocks
text: precariously on the edge of the pit. A long, seesaw battle...
text: until finally, when one of her forelegs slips momentarily
text: into the hole, she panics and lets go. The bucket flops over
dialog: the edge.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: crouches, covering her head as the bucket bounces off her.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Nooooo...!
speaker_heading: THE LITTLE DOG
text: furious, BARKS down at her, then trots away in disgust.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON CATHERINE
text: as she sinks to the cold cement. She slaps aside the foil
text: tray, the scraps of food, sobbing in utter despair...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CATHERINE MARTIN'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE ON a framed photo of Sen. Martin and Catherine, held
text: in Clarice's cotton-gloved hands. Powdered fingerprints on
dialog: the glass.
text: Clarice glances up from the photo, smiles disarmingly at -
text: A young STATE TROOPER sitting in Catherine's easy chair. He
text: smiles back at her, then relaxes, returns to his newspaper.
text: He also wears gloves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Clarice closes the refrigerator door, glances around.
text: A big REEL-TO-REEL TAPE RECORDER has been set up on the
text: breakfast counter, attached to Catherine's phone. Two new
text: red phones are hooked up as well.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Clarice slides open the medicine cabinet's mirror, looks
text: inside. She reaches in, pokes carefully amongst the lotions.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC CRAWL-SPACE
text: A ceiling hatch bangs open, sending up dust clouds. Clarice,
text: lit from underneath, pokes her head through, looking around.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Flat on her back, Clarice wriggles out from under Catherine's
text: bed. She sits up, brushing dust from her face and hair.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: CLOSE ON an open, multi-tiered jewelry box, resting atop a
text: bureau, as Clarice's fingers pick through costume jewelry.
text: Clarice closes the box, and is just turning away when a figure
text: suddenly looms INTO SHOT, giving her a bad start; she cries
text: out softly.
text: Senator Martin is revealed, staring at her suspiciously.
scene_heading: SEN. MARTIN
dialog: Who are you, please? I thought the
dialog: police were through in here.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I'm Clarice Starling, Senator. FBI.
scene_heading: SEN. MARTIN
dialog: (softly, very angry)
dialog: Clarice Starling...
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Paul? Would you come in here,
dialog: please...?
text: Krendler enters from the hallway, looks at Clarice.
scene_heading: SEN. MARTIN
dialog: Miss Starling, you may know the Deputy
dialog: Attorney General, Mr. Krendler. Paul,
dialog: this is the trainee that Jack Crawford
dialog: sent to Lecter... She lied to him,
dialog: pretending to have my authority, and
dialog: thus jeopardized this entire
dialog: investigation. Now she has the further
dialog: gall to invade my daughter's privacy,
dialog: again without permission. If her
dialog: little games have killed my baby...
text: Overcome, she hurries from the room. Krendler shuts the door
text: behind her, points sternly at Clarice.
speaker_heading: KRENDLER
dialog: You're out of line, Starling, and
dialog: you're off this case. Back to
dialog: Quantico.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Sir, Mr. Crawford instructed me -
speaker_heading: KRENDLER
dialog: Your instructions are what I'm giving
dialog: you now. Jack Crawford answers to
dialog: the Director, and the Director answers
dialog: to me. My God, Crawford's losing
dialog: it...! He shouldn't even be on this,
text: with his wife sick as she is... How
dialog: the hell did you get in here, anyway?
dialog: He gave you - what? Some kind of
dialog: special ID? Let's have it.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (stubbornly)
dialog: I need the ID to fly with my gun.
text: The gun belongs in Quantico.
speaker_heading: KRENDLER
dialog: Gun. Jesus. Turn in the ID as soon
dialog: as you get back. The gun, too. Be on
dialog: the next plane, Starling, there's
dialog: one in 90 minutes.
text: Clarice, burning, starts for the door, then turns back.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Mr. Krendler... Dr. Lecter trusts
dialog: me. Or at least, he used to. If I
dialog: could just -
speaker_heading: KRENDLER
dialog: Lecter has already named Buffalo
dialog: Bill.
text: Clarice reacts, surprised. Krendler takes a folded computer
text: sheet from his pocket, shoves it at her. She takes it, reads.
speaker_heading: KRENDLER
dialog: He gave us a perfectly good
dialog: description, and we're on it now, so
dialog: we won't be needing your little
dialog: novelty act any longer - or his,
text: either. He's under close guard at
dialog: the courthouse, pending a prison
text: transfer. The next plane, Officer.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Sir, doesn't this "William Rubin"
dialog: strike you as - I don't know - kind
dialog: of vague?
text: Krendler moves in very close to her, pale with anger.
speaker_heading: KRENDLER
dialog: Do you need a police escort, Starling?
dialog: Or do you think you can find the
dialog: airport by yourself?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Yes sir. I can find it by myself.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SHELBY COUNTY COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: The old courthouse is a massive Gothic stronghold, with an
text: armada of police cruisers parked at the curb.
text: Clarice climbs from her rented car, SLAMMING the door angrily.
text: Holding a rolled-up pile of papers - Dr. Lecter's drawings -
text: she starts determinedly up the steps. A nearby commotion
text: makes her pause.
text: Dr. Frederick Chilton in a sea of interviewers and mini-cams,
text: is preening grandly.
text: Clarice carefully avoiding his gaze, slips up the steps and
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE - GROUND FLOOR - DAY
text: SGT. TATE, a Memphis policeman, is studying Clarice's ID. He
text: looks up at her from his command desk, a bit doubtfully.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: Are you with Mr. Krendler's people?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I just left him.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
text: Access to Lecter is strictly limited.
dialog: We've been getting death threats.
dialog: (hesitates again)
dialog: Log in, and check your weapon.
text: He picks up a phone, murmurs into it. As he does so, Clarice
text: glances around this main ground floor lobby.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: The building looks like an armed fort. Cops with shotguns
text: guard the front door, both ends of the hall, the foot of the
text: stairs, the single elevator. More of them are coming and
dialog: going.
speaker_heading: MURRAY (V.O.)
dialog: Shoot, we haven't had this kinda
dialog: security since the President came
dialog: through town...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - MOVING
text: Clarice and OFFICER MURRAY, a young patrolman, ride up in an
text: old-fashioned, CREAKING, metal-cage elevator. He is excited.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Every cop in Tennessee wants a look
dialog: at this guy. 'Sit true what they're
dialog: sayin' - he's some kinda vampire?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't have a name for what he is.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HISTORICAL SOCIETY ROOM - 5TH FLOOR
text: Pembry, at a desk by the door, looks up from examining the
text: unrolled pile of Dr. Lecter's drawings.
speaker_heading: PEMBRY
dialog: You know the rules, ma'am?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Yes, Officer Pembry. I've questioned
dialog: him before.
text: He waves her on her way, but retains the drawings for now.
scene_heading: MOVING ANGLE - WITH CLARICE
text: as she crosses the big, spare, white octagonal room. A
text: massive, temporary iron cage has been installed; Officer
text: Boyle sits facing its barred door. He rises, nods, moving
dialog: away to allow her privacy.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CAGE
text: a cot and a small table, each bolted to the floor, and a
text: flimsy paper screen, hiding a toilet. Dr. Lecter sits at the
text: table, his back to her, studying the Buffalo Bill case file.
text: He now wears a green prison jumpsuit. A small cassette player
text: is chained to the steel table.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: (without turning)
dialog: Good afternoon, Clarice.
text: She stops at a striped police barricade, before his bars.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I thought you might want your drawings
dialog: back... Just until you get your view.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: How very thoughtful... Or did Crawford
dialog: send you here for one last wheedle -
dialog: before you're both booted off the
dialog: case?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Nobody sent me. I came on my own.
text: He spins in his swivel chair, stops neatly. A coy smile.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: People will say we're in love.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Pity you tried to fool me, isn't it?
dialog: Pity for poor Catherine. Tick-tock...
text: He spins again in his chair, playfully.
scene_heading: MOVING ANGLE - FAVORING CLARICE
text: as she circles the cage, trying to keep his face in sight.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Dr. Lecter, you find out everything.
dialog: You couldn't have talked with this
dialog: "William Rubin", even once, and come
dialog: out knowing so little about him...
dialog: You made him up, didn't you?
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Clarice... you're hardly in a position
dialog: to accuse me of lying.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I think you were telling me the truth
dialog: in Baltimore - or starting to. Tell
dialog: me the rest now.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: I've studied the case file, have
dialog: you...? Everything you need to find
dialog: him is right in these pages. Whatever
dialog: his name is.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Then tell me how.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: First principles, Clarice. Simplicity.
dialog: Read Marcus Aurelius. Of each
dialog: particular thing, ask: What is it,
dialog: in itself, what is its nature...?
dialog: What does he do, this man you seek?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: He kills w-
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
text: (sharply, as he stops)
dialog: No! That's incidental.
text: CLOSE ANGLE - TWO SHOT as he rises, pained by her ignorance,
text: and crosses to the bars.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: What is the first and principal thing
dialog: he does, what need does he serve by
dialog: killing?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Anger, social resentment, sexual
dialog: frus-
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: No, he covets. That's his nature.
dialog: And how do we begin to covet, Clarice?
dialog: Do we seek out things to covet? Make
text: an effort to answer.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: No. We just -
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: No. Precisely. We begin by coveting
dialog: what we see every day. Don't you
dialog: feel eyes moving over your body,
dialog: Clarice? I hardly see how you
dialog: couldn't. And don't your eyes move
dialog: over the things you want?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: All right, then tell me how -
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: No. It's your turn to tell me,
dialog: Clarice. You don't have any more
text: vacations to sell, on Anthrax Island.
dialog: Why did you run away from that ranch?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Dr. Lecter, when there's time I'll -
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: We don't reckon time the same way,
dialog: Clarice. This is all the time you'll
dialog: ever have.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Later, listen, I'll -
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: I'll listen now. After your father's
dialog: murder, you were orphaned. You were
dialog: ten years old. You went to live with
text: cousins, on a sheep and horse ranch
dialog: in Montana. And - ?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: And - one morning I just - ran away...
text: She turns from him. He presses closer, gripping the bars.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Not "just," Clarice. What set you
dialog: off? You started what time?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: Early. Still dark.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Then something woke you. What? Did
dialog: you dream...? What was it?
speaker_heading: IN FLASHBACK
text: The 10-year old Clarice sits up abruptly in her bed,
text: frightened. She is in a Montana ranch house; it almost dawn.
text: Strange, fearful shadows on her ceiling and walls... a window,
text: partly fogged by the cold; eerie brightness outside.
speaker_heading: CLARICE (V.O.)
dialog: I heard a strange sound...
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: What was it?
speaker_heading: THE CHILD RISES
text: crosses to the window in her nightgown, rubs the glass.
speaker_heading: CLARICE (V.O.)
dialog: I didn't know. I went to look...
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLES (2ND STORY) - THE CHILD'S POV
text: Shadowy men, ranch hands, are moving in and out of a nearby
text: barn, carrying mysterious bundles. The mens' breath is
text: steaming... A refrigerated truck idles nearby, its engine
text: adding more steam. A strange, almost surrealistic scene...
speaker_heading: CLARICE (V.O.)
text: Screaming! Some kind of - screaming.
text: Like a child's voice...
scene_heading: THE LITTLE GIRL
text: is terrified; she covers her ears.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: What did you do?
speaker_heading: CLARICE (V.O.)
dialog: Got dressed without turning on the
dialog: light. I went downstairs... outside...
scene_heading: THE LITTLE GIRL
text: in her winter coat, slips noiselessly towards the open barn
text: door. She ducks into the shadows to avoid a ranch hand, who
text: passes her with a squirming bundle of some kind. He goes
text: into the barn, and she edges after him reluctantly.
speaker_heading: CLARICE (V.O.)
dialog: I crept up to the barn... I was so
dialog: scared to look inside - but I had
dialog: to...
scene_heading: THE LITTLE GIRL'S POV
text: as the open doorway LOOMS CLOSER... Bright lights inside,
text: straw bales, the edges of stalls, then moving figures...
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: And what did you see, Clarice?
scene_heading: A SQUIRMING LAMB
text: is held down on a table by two ranch hands.
speaker_heading: CLARICE (V.O.)
text: Lambs. The lambs were screaming...
text: A third cowboy stretches out the lamb's neck, raises a bloody
text: knife. Just as he's about to slice its throat -
text: BACK TO THE ADULT CLARICE
text: staring into the distance, shaken, still trembling from the
text: child's shock. We see Dr. Lecter, over her shoulder, studying
text: her intently.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: They were slaughtering the spring
dialog: lambs?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Yes...! They were screaming.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: So you ran away...
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: No. First I tried to free them... I
dialog: opened the gate of their pen - but
dialog: they wouldn't run. They just stood
dialog: there, confused. They wouldn't run...
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: But you could. You did.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I took one lamb. And I ran away, as
dialog: fast as I could...
speaker_heading: IN FLASHBACK
text: a vast Montana plain, and crossing this, a tiny figure - the
text: little Clarice, holding a lamb in her arms.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: Where were you going?
speaker_heading: CLARICE (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know. I had no food or water.
dialog: It was very cold. I thought - if I
dialog: can even save just one... but he got
dialog: so heavy. So heavy...
text: The tiny figure stops, and after a few moments sinks to the
text: ground, hunched over in dispair.
speaker_heading: CLARICE (V.O.)
dialog: I didn't get more than a few miles
dialog: before the sheriff's car found me.
dialog: The rancher was so angry he sent me
dialog: to live at the Lutheran orphanage in
dialog: Bozeman. I never saw the ranch
dialog: again...
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: But what became of your lamb?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Clarice...?
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: as the adult Clarice turns, staring into his feverish eyes.
text: She shakes her head, unwilling - or unable - to say more.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: You still wake up sometimes, don't
dialog: you? Wake up in the dark, with the
dialog: lambs screaming?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Do you think if you saved Catherine,
dialog: you could make them stop...? Do you
dialog: think, if Catherine lives, you won't
dialog: wake up in the dark, ever again, to
dialog: the screaming of the lambs? Do you...?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Yes! I don't know...! I don't know.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: (a pause; then, oddly
dialog: at peace)
dialog: Thank you, Clarice.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Tell me his name, Dr. Lecter.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Dr. Chilton... I believe you know
dialog: each other?
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: as Clarice turns, startled, and the fuming Chilton seizes
text: her elbow. Pembry and Boyle are beside him, looking grim.
speaker_heading: CHILTON
dialog: Out. Let's go.
speaker_heading: PEMBRY
dialog: Sorry, ma'a m - we've got orders to
dialog: have you put on a place.
text: Clarice struggles, pulling free of them for a moment.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Brave Clarice. Will you let me know
dialog: if ever the lambs stop screaming?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (moving closer to the
dialog: bars)
dialog: Yes. I'll tell you.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Promise...?
text: (she nods. He smiles)
dialog: Then why not take your case file? I
dialog: won't be needing it anymore.
text: He holds out the file, arm extended between the bars. She
text: hesitates, then reaches to take it.
scene_heading: VERY CLOSE ANGLE - SLOW MOTION
text: as the exchange is made, his index finger touches her hand,
text: and lingers there, just for a moment.
scene_heading: DR. LECTER'S EYES
text: widen, crackling at this touch, like sparks in a cave.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Good-bye, Clarice.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: hugging the case file to her chest, stares back at him as
text: the men crowd in on her, pushing her away.
scene_heading: HER POV - MOVING
text: as Dr. Lecter, head cocked in a smile, slowly recedes...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GARMENT SWEATSHOP - DAY
text: MOVING ANGLE - MR. GUMB'S POV as he pushes a rolling rack of
text: completed leather garments, each wrapped in plastic, down as
text: aisle. SOUND of many sewing machines, all clattering at once,
text: as he passes row on row of work tables. The seamstresses,
text: mostly black or Hispanic, glance up as he passes, then quickly
text: avert their eyes, his presence disturbing them in some
dialog: nameless way.
text: A thin FOREMAN in a flowery shirt, sees him approaching. He
text: rises from his desk and comes over cheerfully, as the rack
text: rolls to a stop.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Hello, dear! Punctual as always. And
dialog: what have you brought us today?
text: He seizes one of the dangling jackets, pulling up the plastic
text: wrapper. He examines it, stroking the sleeve.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Oh, marvelous... You know, I always
dialog: say you're the Leonardo of leather.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB (O.S.)
dialog: (a harsh whisper)
dialog: Oil.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Pardon...?
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB (O.S.)
dialog: You're leaving oil on the skin.
text: The foreman quickly releases the jacket.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Of course... You'll be wanting your -
text: Mr. Gumb's hand reaches INTO SHOT, snatching an envelope
text: from him. The foreman is watching him walk away, as a
text: seamstress comes over to take the rack of garments. The
text: foreman is vaguely troubled, but shakes it off. He strokes
text: the jacket again, admiringly.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (to seamstress)
dialog: I wish we had a dozen like him...
text: SOUND UPCUT - Glenn Gould playing Bach's Goldberg
dialog: Variations...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MEMPHIS INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - LOUNGE AREA - DUSK
text: Clarice, in a line of other passengers, is moving slowly
text: towards a departure ramp. Through a huge plate glass window,
text: we can see her plane. She glances back over her shoulder at
text: A pair of UNIFORMED COPS brawny and impassive, their arms
text: folded, waiting to make sure she board the flight.
text: Clarice sighs, turning wearily back towards the jetway. The
text: BACH CONTINUES, as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHELBY CO. COURTHOUSE - HISTORICAL SOCIETY ROOM -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON a steaming, rather elegant dinner tray, being carried
text: by Pembry, as he approaches Dr. Lecter's cell.
speaker_heading: PEMBRY
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Ready when you are, Doc!
speaker_heading: IN THE CELL
text: the BACH is issuing from the cassette player. Beside it, on
text: the table, the pile of Dr. Lecter's drawings. The top one is
text: an accurate, sensitive portrait, from memory, of Clarice.
text: Beyond the table, we see Lecter's shadowy form, seated behind
text: the paper screen. He calls out from there.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (O.S.)
dialog: Just another minute, please!
text: Pembry grunts, sets the tray down. Boyle joins him, handing
text: him a riot baton and a Mace cannister, which Pembry fastens
text: to belt clips. Boyle is similarly armed, and carries a ring
dialog: of keys.
speaker_heading: PEMBRY
dialog: Sumbitch demanded lamb chops for
dialog: dinner, extra rare.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: What you reckon he'll want for
dialog: breakfast - some fuckin' thing from
dialog: the zoo?
scene_heading: INSIDE THE SCREEN
text: Dr. Lecter sits fully clothed on the toilet - swaying
text: slightly, eyes closed, lost in the music, tongue working in
text: his cheek. Suddenly, like magic, a little shiny piece of
text: metal protrudes from his lips. He plucks it out, opens his
dialog: eyes.
scene_heading: IN EXTREME CLOSEUP
text: he is holding the pocket clip from Prentice's disassembled
text: pen - a straight, thin strip of metal, with a circular collar
text: at one end, a square edge at the other.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
text: lines up his thumbnail just shy of the square edge, then
text: braces it against the stainless steel toilet rim. He pushes
text: down, hard, using both hands for leverage. After a moment he
text: smiles, holding up the result, and twirling it before his
dialog: eyes.
scene_heading: IN EXTREME CLOSEUP
text: the straight end of the clip now forms a tiny right angle,
text: and the circular end anchors nicely between his fingers.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE CELL
text: Pembry and Boyle turn as the toilet FLUSHES, and Dr. Lecter
text: reappears, looking jaunty.
speaker_heading: PEMBRY
dialog: Okay, Doc, grab some floor. Same
dialog: drill as lunchtime.
text: Dr. Lecter sits on the floor, legs straight, then wriggles
text: backwards. He stretches his arms behind him, hands and wrists
text: through the bars, with two bars between them, and clasps his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: I'm ready when you are, Officer
dialog: Pembry.
text: Pembry comes around the cell to squat behind Dr. Lecter. He
text: tugs his hands farther out, rather roughly, handcuffs his
text: wrists. He shakes the cuffs, making sure of them, then nods
dialog: to Boyle.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - AT CELL DOOR
text: as Boyle picks up the dinner tray, and Pembry crosses around.
text: Pembry takes the keys from Boyle, unlocks the cell door, and
text: pushes it inward. Boyle goes inside with the tray.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
text: watches as Boyle approaches the table, above five feet from
text: him. Boyle has to set his tray down on the floor to clear
text: off some of the mess of drawings. The MUSIC plays on.
scene_heading: VERY CLOSE ON
text: ...Dr. Lecter's hands, outside the bars, as the makeshift
text: key, held between the tips of his right index and middle
text: fingers, searches for the keyhole of the cuffs. And finds
dialog: it.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - FAVORING BOYLE
text: as he finishes clearing the drawings, then turns back towards
text: Dr. Lecter, stooping to pick up the tray.
scene_heading: BOYLE'S RIGHT HAND
text: is just inches from the tray when Dr. Lecter's hand darts
text: INTO SHOT, snapping a handcuff onto his wrist.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
text: looks up, astonished, to find himself right in the grinning
text: face of Dr. Lecter - who just as quickly rolls sideways, and
dialog: snaps -
speaker_heading: THE OTHER CUFF
text: around the bolted leg of the table. And suddenly all natural
text: SOUND and MOTION are suspended, as the MUSIC soars much
text: louder, each separate note of it now echoing distinctly, and
dialog: we see...
scene_heading: VARIOUS ANGLES - EACH BLURRING INTO STOP-ACTION
text: Pembry starting into the cell, reaching for his riot baton...
text: Dr. Lecter smashing against the cell door, driving it into
text: Pembry, pinning him across the chest, against the door
dialog: frame...
text: Boyle, on one knee on the floor, digging desperately in his
text: pants pocket for his handcuff key...
text: Pembry's hand, mashed against his body by the door, as he
text: strains frantically to reach the baton at his waist...
text: Pembry's eyes, widening in horror as he stares at...
text: Dr. Lecter's bared teeth, flashing towards him...
text: Dr. Lecter gripping Pembry's face in his jaws, shaking it
text: like a dog shakes a rat...
text: Boyle finding his key, but in his terror dropping it...
text: Dr. Lecter yanking the mace can and riot baton from the dazed
text: Pembry's belt, spraying him in his bloody face, then clubbing
text: him to his knees...
text: Boyle, mouth open in a silent scream, finding his key again,
text: unlocking the handcuff, but then, as he starts to rise,
dialog: seeing...
text: Dr. Lecter standing over him, with the riot baton raised
text: high; he swings it viciously down, again and again and
dialog: again...
text: Then normal SOUND and MOTION are restored as we go to -
speaker_heading: CLOSE ANGLE ON
text: the cassette player, and the portrait of Clarice, both now
text: flecked with blood. In addition to the Bach, we now hear
text: soft PANTING, close by, and whimpering SOBS in the background.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DR. LECTER
text: eyes closed, lost in a favorite passage of the music. His
text: bloody fingers drift airily with the notes, as his breathing
text: slows to normal. He opens his eyes, sighs contentedly, looks
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: By the sprawled legs of Boyle lie various objects that spilled
text: from his pants pocket - coins, a comb, a big pocketknife.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
text: picks up the pocketknife, examines it happily. About a four-
text: inch blade. He becomes aware of the WHIMPERING, off screen,
dialog: turns.
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE ON PEMBRY
text: as he crawls, with torturous slowness, towards the command
text: desk, and the phone. He is crying, but frantically determined.
scene_heading: PEMBRY'S POV - PARTIALLY BLURRED, THEN CLEARING
text: Above the desk, hanging from pegs, are his and Boyle's
text: holstered revolvers...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE - GROUND FLOOR LOBBY - NIGHT
text: The bronze arrow above the elevator swings towards "5," then
text: indicates a stop there, at the top floor.
scene_heading: FAVORING SGT. TATE
text: at his command desk, as he stares at the indicator. Another
text: cop, JACOBS, sits on the desk's edge, flipping through a
text: magazine; many more cops can be seen beyond them, idling in
dialog: the lobby.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: What is this shit...? Did somebody
dialog: go up to five?
dialog: (Jacobs shakes his
dialog: head)
dialog: Call Pembry, ask him what -
text: A GUNSHOT, and then, moments later, TWO MORE quick ones,
text: echo down the nearby stairwell. Sgt. Tate jumps to his feet,
text: grabs a radio mike, as the other cops stir, confused and
dialog: noisy.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: CP, shots fired on five! Repeat,
text: shots fires on five! Outside posts
dialog: look sharp, we've got a... Ho-ly
dialog: shit.
scene_heading: THE BRONZE ARROW
text: has begun to descend. Down to 4, then past 4...
scene_heading: BACK ON SGT. TATE
text: as he reacts. The other cops, behind him, are now in a full
text: uproar, shouting, pulling out guns.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: SHUT UP...! Guard mount, double up
dialog: on your outside posts. Bobby, get
dialog: the vests. Rainey, Howard, cover
dialog: that fucking elevator if it comes
dialog: all the way to -
speaker_heading: A COP (O.S.)
dialog: It stopped!
scene_heading: THE BRONZE ARROW
text: has, indeed, frozen at 3. Sgt. Tate lifts the microphone
dialog: again.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Seal off a ten-block radius. Get me
text: the SWAT team and an ambulance, double
dialog: quick. We're going up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - NIGHT (DIMLY LIT)
text: HIGH ANGLE on Sgt. Tate as he leads a five-man squad, all in
text: bulletproof vests, up the stone stairs. They move fast but
text: carefully, covering each other from landing to landing with
text: drawn revolvers, shotguns. The distant Back MUSIC makes a
dialog: ghostly echo in here...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THIRD FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT (DIMLY LIT)
text: A thin rectangle of light on the floor from the open elevator
text: door. We can't see inside. The MUSIC sounds closer.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
text: approaches very cautiously, gun aimed. The other cops, behind
text: him, fan out silently to set up angles of fire, checking the
text: various office doors - all locked - as they creep up.
scene_heading: MOVING ANGLE - OVER TATE'S SHOULDER
text: as he reaches the side of the elevator, hesitates, then spins
text: to point his gun inside. It's empty. He backs away.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: (shouts at ceiling)
dialog: Pembry? Boyle...?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HISTORICAL SOCIETY ROOM - NIGHT (BRIGHTLY LIT)
text: ANGLE on the door, from inside, its lettering reversed on
text: the frosted glass. The Bach is VERY LOUD.
text: After a moment the door is shouldered open, hard enough for
text: the glass to shatter, Tate following his gun inside, moving
text: low, then other cops appearing behind him in the doorframe.
text: They all freeze, staring in utter horror.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: Oh no... no...
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: is a brief snapshot from hell. The two uniformed bodies, one
text: sprawled on its back near the door, the other still in the
text: cell, have been savaged by a knife. Blood and gore everywhere.
text: The faces are unrecognizable.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
text: struggles for control, as the other cops move grimly around
text: him, into the room. He pulls his walkie-talkie from his belt.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Command post... Two offi-
dialog: (a beat; clears his
dialog: throat)
text: Two officers down. Prisoner is
text: missing. Repeat, Lecter is missing...
text: He's stripped the bed, might be making
dialog: a rope, check all windows. Where the
dialog: fuck is my ambulance?
speaker_heading: IN THE CELL
text: a cop angrily punches OFF the music. Jacobs kneels with his
text: fingers on Boyle's neck.
speaker_heading: JACOBS
text: Boyle is dead, Sarge. His gun's
dialog: gone...
text: AT THE OTHER BODY
text: a cop gently removes a revolver from the bloody fist. Murray,
text: the young patrolman, brings his ear reluctantly close to the
text: gory face. A bloody bubble appears there; the wreckage GROANS,
text: very softly.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: This one's alive!
text: Tate crosses, kneels to see for himself. Murray looks green.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: Take ahold of him where he can feel
dialog: your hands, son. Talk to him.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: What's his name, Sarge?
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: It's Pembry, now talk to him, God
dialog: dammit.
dialog: (into radio, looking
dialog: around)
dialog: Boyle's dead, Pembry's read bad.
text: Lecter is missing and armed - he
dialog: took Boyle's gun...
text: The other cop, checking the cylinder of Pembry's gun, holds
text: up one finger to Tate.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Pembry got off one round - there's a
dialog: chance Lecter was hit. We heard a
dialog: total of three shots fired, so he's
dialog: got four left... He's got a knife,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF COURTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: VARIOUS ANGLES on a floodlit scene of barely controlled
text: pandemonium. Flashing red lights, men shouting commands,
text: SIRENS in the distance. SWAT members, in full gear, leap
text: from a black van... fan out... swarm up the steps... EMS
text: orderlies unload a gurney from an ambulance... Cops kneel
text: for cover behind cars, aiming guns and rifles up at the
dialog: windows...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HISTORICAL SOCIETY ROOM - NIGHT
text: A trio of EMS orderlies work fast over the body, already
text: strapped on its gurney. They bandage a big plastic airway
text: into place, over the butchered face, checking for a pulse at
text: the neck. Young Murray crouches, sickened, gripping a bloody
dialog: fist.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: You're just fine, Pembry, lookin'
dialog: good, buddy, you're gonna make it...
text: One orderly massages the heart. Another is popping a plasma
text: bag, ready to insert the needle, when the body starts
text: convulsing.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Downstairs - let's go!
text: Quickly the gurney is elevated, wheeled out of the room,
text: with cops rushing forward to open the doors, help push, SWAT
text: men are running by in the hall, automatic rifles at the
dialog: ready...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE ELEVATOR - DESCENDING - NIGHT
text: Sgt. Tate, riding down with Jacobs, has his radio out.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Ten-four, Lieutenant. I'm on the
text: elevator, bringing it down. Pembry
dialog: and Boyle are both cleared, top three
dialog: floors secured, main stairwell
dialog: secured. He's somewhere on -
text: A spot of blood falls on his cheek. He and Jacobs stare at
text: each other. Another spot hits his shoulder. They look up.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: Blood is dripping slowly from the corner of the service hatch.
text: Sgt. Tate motions for silence, as both men draw their guns.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Uh, we're pretty sure he's somewhere
dialog: on two, sir... That's all for now,
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR LOBBY - NIGHT
text: The elevator doors open, and Tate and Jacobs hurry out,
text: stepping quickly to the side. Tate reaches back in and -
speaker_heading: CLOSE ANGLE
text: Locks the elevator into position, with its doors open.
text: OTHER COPS are rushing up to them, curious, as Tate
text: frantically pushes them aside, gesturing for silence.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: (whispers)
text: He's on the roof of the elevator!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THIRD FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Two SWAT officers, PETERSON and KUBELL, turn a key, unlocking
text: and opening this floor's elevator doorway. The shaft is dark.
text: Lying prone, they inch up to the edge, Peterson extends a
text: mirror, on a long pole, out into the shaft.
scene_heading: IN THE MIRROR (DISTORTED BY THE ANGLE)
text: Is a distant figure, in a green prison jumpsuit, lying on
text: his stomach, atop the elevator. A shiny revolver is near one
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: PETERSON
text: whispers into a radio, as Kubell carefully tips an assault
text: rifle, with a flashlight taped to its barrel, over the edge.
speaker_heading: PETERSON
text: I see him... There's a weapon by his
text: hand. He's not moving...
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: Can you get the drop?
speaker_heading: PETERSON
dialog: We got the drop.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: One warning. Then take him out.
text: Peterson nods to Kubell, who switches ON the flashlight, as
text: Peterson shouts down the shaft.
speaker_heading: PETERSON
dialog: Quinn!! put your hands on your head!!
speaker_heading: IN THE MIRROR
text: the green figure shows no movement.
text: ANGLE ON THE COPS AGAIN
text: as Peterson mutters to Kubell.
speaker_heading: PETERSON
text: Put one in his leg.
scene_heading: VERY CLOSE ON
text: The figure below, as Kubell's gunshot ROARS, echoing hugely
text: in the shaft, and a slug rips through the jumpsuited leg.
text: The figure doesn't stir.
speaker_heading: PETERSON
text: staring down the shaft, raises his mike again.
speaker_heading: PETERSON
dialog: No movement.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: Okay, Johnny, hold your fire...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR LOBBY - NIGHT
text: A small army of cops is now covering the elevator doorway,
text: from both sides. Tate crouches next to the SWAT COMMANDER.
speaker_heading: SWAT COMMANDER
dialog: (into radio mike)
text: We're coming into the car, we're
text: opening the hatch. Watch his hands.
dialog: Any fire will come from us. Affirm?
speaker_heading: PETERSON'S VOICE
dialog: Got it.
text: The SWAT commander hands his radio to another cop, then looks
text: at Tate. A long, tense moment. Then he waves a signal.
speaker_heading: MOVING ANGLE
text: as we follow a picked team of four SWAT cops, in full body
text: armor, rushing into the elevator car. Two men move to the
text: corners, aim assault rifles at the ceiling. A third man sets
text: a stepladder in place, and the fourth man, armed with a big
text: Colt, hurries up the ladder and unclips the hatch.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: ...the service hatch, as the hinged cover drops open, and a
text: body tumbles through, dangling head first, until it's caught
text: at the waist. We see the back of the head.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
text: shoulders through the SWAT cops for a closer look. He turns
text: towards the SWAT commander, astonished.
scene_heading: SGT. TATE
dialog: That's Pembry!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMS AMBULANCE - MOVING
text: In the rear chamber, a young EMS ATTENDANT is braced against
text: the vehicle's sway. Behind him, the stretchered form of his
text: patient, and, through a curtained opening, the driver. SOUND
text: of the siren.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (into radio mike)
text: He's comatose, but his vital signs
dialog: are good. Pressure's 130 over 90...
dialog: Yeah, 90! Pulse 85...
text: Behind him, in slightly BLURRED FOCUS, the bloody figure
text: sits slowly upright...
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
text: His convulsions have stopped, but
dialog: he's got so much loose skin on his
dialog: face, it's hard to tell if -
text: Suddenly he stops, becoming aware of a strange HISSING. He
text: turns, puzzled...
scene_heading: THE POCKETKNIFE BLADE
text: in Lecter's fist, flashes high in the air...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SIX-LANE FREEWAY - NIGHT (ARC LIGHTS)
text: MOVING ANGLE on the EMS ambulance, as it races along normally,
text: its SIREN blazing, the heavy flow of traffic parting to make
dialog: way for it.
text: Then suddenly it begins to weave erratically, changing lanes,
text: before drifting dangerously to a full stop, almost side-ways.
text: Cars swerve to avoid hitting it, HONKING angrily...
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: on the stopped ambulance. After a long, still moment, the
text: wind-shield wipes come on, incongruously, then stop. Then
text: the SIREN is shut OFF, and the flashers. The ambulance starts
text: rolling again - at first jerkingly, then with increasing
text: speed. We follow it for several more moments, until is passes -
dialog: and we LINGER on...
scene_heading: BIG GREEN INTERSTATE SIGN
dialog: ...that reads "Memphis International Airport / 2 miles."
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - THROUGH AMBULANCE WINDSHIELD
text: Dr. Lecter's face is slowly REVEALED, as he wipes across it
text: with a fistful of gauze, tossing it aside...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MONTANA PLAIN - DUSK - (IN FLASHBACK)
text: MOVING ANGLE, rushing with dizzy swiftness over the prairie,
text: over waving grasses... a long passage... before we come at
text: last to the girl Clarice, sitting with her lamb, hunched in
text: despair. She rises, her face tear-stained, and turns from
text: us. Holding the lamb, she starts back the way she came...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY DIRT ROAD - NIGHT - BRIGHT MOONLIGHT
text: MOVING ANGLE, very rapid, down this road... coming at last
text: to a stopped highway patrol car. Clarice, with her lamb, is
text: standing in the car's headlights. She starts wearily towards
dialog: the sheriff...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH BARNYARD - NEAR DAWN
text: CRANE ANGLE - sweeping rapidly DOWN into the barnyard towards
text: the arriving highway patrol car, as it stops... RUSHING to
text: the little girl as she steps from the car, holding the lamb.
text: The dark figure of the rancher ENTERS FRAME. As he roughly
text: takes the lamb from her, we HOLD on a CLOSEUP of her face -
text: stunned, blank. She EXITS FRAME...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BARN - NIGHT
text: MOVING ANGLE - CLARICE'S POV as she walks towards the open
text: barn doorway... It looms CLOSER... The rancher is revealed,
text: a shadowy figure, pinning the lamb on the killing table. His
text: knife hand sweeps up high, then holds... He turns TO CAMERA,
text: his face breaking into the light - and it is the face of Dr.
text: Lecter. He smiles his terrible smile at the young Clarice...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FBI DORM - PAY PHONE IN HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: MOVING ANGLE - coming in very CLOSE on the adult Clarice's
text: face - shocked, devastated - as she stands alone by the
dialog: dangling receiver...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHOWER STALL - FBI DORM - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON a shower head, as water suddenly blasts out. Clarice
text: moves INTO SHOT, as she scrubs her face and hair compulsively,
text: almost desperately, unable to get clean...
speaker_heading: ARDELIA (V.O.)
dialog: They found the ambulance...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLARICE'S DORM ROOM - NIGHT
text: Clarice is hunched on her cot, in a bathrobe, her hair wet.
text: The Buffalo Bill case file, a thick bundle, rests by her
text: feet. Ardelia hovers anxiously nearby.
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
text: In the parking garage at Memphis
text: airport. The crew was dead. He killed
dialog: a tourist, too. Got his clothes,
dialog: cash... By now he could be anywhere.
text: Clarice looks up. Her eyes are red-rimmed with exhaustion,
text: and something close to despair. She reads Ardelia's thought.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: No. He won't come after me.
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: It would be rude. And he wouldn't
dialog: get to ask any more questions...
text: Ardelia sits beside her, touches her arm.
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: Clarice - you did the best anybody
dialog: could have for Catherine Martin. You
dialog: stuck your neck out for her and you
dialog: got your butt kicked for her and you
dialog: tried. It's not your fault it ended
dialog: this way.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: The worst part - the thing that's
dialog: making me crazy - is that Bill is
dialog: right in front of me. Only I can't
dialog: see him...
dialog: (touching the case
dialog: file)
dialog: Lecter said, everything I need to
dialog: catch him is right here, in these
dialog: pages...
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: Lecter said a lot of things.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: He's here, Ardelia.
text: Ardelia stares back at her.
text: SOUND UPCUT - the low throb of a washing machine...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM - ACADEMY DORM - NIGHT (VERY LATE)
text: Clarice has spread out the case file across two washing
text: machines. Ardelia, cross-legged on a dryer, studies another
text: pile of forms. Nearby is their laundry basket, detergent
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Hey, is this Lecter's handwriting?
text: She holds up the map, with its
dialog: location markings for the kidnapping
text: and body dump sites. Clarice takes
dialog: it, looks.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE MAP
text: with newly inked words in Dr. Lecter's precise, elegant hand.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: Clarice, doesn't this random
text: scattering of sites seem overdone to
dialog: you? Doesn't it seem desperately
text: random - like the elaborations of a
dialog: bad liar? Ta... Hannibal Lecter.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - TWO SHOT
text: as Clarice looks up at Ardelia, puzzled but excited.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: "Desperately random." What does he
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: Not random at all, maybe. Like there's
dialog: some pattern here...?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: But there is no pattern. There's no
dialog: connection at all among these places,
dialog: or the computers would've nailed it!
text: They're even found in random order.
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: Well, except for the one girl.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What girl?
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: The one that was weighted down. Where
dialog: is she...? Fred something.
text: They search among the inserts. Clarice finds the graduation
dialog: photo.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Fredrica Bimmel, from Belvedere,
text: Ohio. The first girl taken, but the
dialog: third body found... Why?
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: 'Cause she didn't drift. He weighted
dialog: her down.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: But why? He didn't weight the others.
text: Clarice moves, on fire, unable to keep still.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: The first, what the hell did Lecter
dialog: say about... "First principles," he
dialog: said. Simplicity... What does this
dialog: guy do, he "covets." How do we first
dialog: start to covet? "We covet what we
dialog: see -"
text: She stops, turns. She grabs the photo of Fredrica from
text: Ardelia, stares at it. She looks up, trembling.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: "- every day."
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Hot damn, Clarice.
speaker_heading: CLARICE (V.O.)
dialog: He knew her...!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FBI BUILDING - OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR - DAY
text: Clarice and Crawford are seated in front of Director Burke,
text: who's at his desk. Another chair is empty, because Krendler
text: is pacing. All four are nearing their boiling points.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Maybe he lives in this, this
dialog: Belvedere, Ohio, too! Maybe he saw
dialog: her every day, and killed her sort
dialog: of spontaneously. Maybe he just meant
dialog: to... give her a 7-Up and talk about
dialog: the choir. But then -
speaker_heading: KRENDLER
dialog: Starling -
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: But then he had to cover up, make
dialog: her seem just like all the rest of
dialog: them. That's what Lecter was hinting!
speaker_heading: KRENDLER
dialog: The market in Lecter hints is way
dialog: down, today, okay? I've got two good
dialog: men dead in Memphis, and three
dialog: civilians. I've got -
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Who the hell's fault is -
speaker_heading: KRENDLER
dialog: - a U.S. Senator who's half out of
dialog: her head because her daughter's going
dialog: to be murdered today! And all because
dialog: of your mind games with fucking
dialog: Lecter!
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: If you hadn't interfered, he'd still
dialog: be in custody in Baltimore!
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Jack -
speaker_heading: KRENDLER
dialog: You sent in a green recruit, with a
dialog: phony goddamn offer -
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: You're just trying to cover your ass
dialog: for letting him escape!
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: THAT'S ENOUGH! All of you...
text: A long silence, as they all struggle to regain composure.
text: Crawford, who was at the point of striking Krendler, finally
text: retakes his seat. Burke looks sadly at Crawford and Clarice.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (very reluctantly)
dialog: Starling, I'm afraid I have no choice.
dialog: You're suspended from the Academy.
dialog: (Crawford starts to
dialog: interrupt)
dialog: Not another word!
dialog: (to Clarice)
dialog: This is pending a reevaluation of
dialog: your fitness for the service. I
dialog: promise you'll get a fair hearing.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Jack... you're ordered to take
dialog: compassionate leave. You'll spend
dialog: the rest of the day briefing the
dialog: AG's office, then transfer command
dialog: of the task force, effective by 1800
dialog: hours.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm sorry, Jack... Go home. Take
dialog: care of Bella.
text: Clarice and Crawford stare back at him, drained. A long and
text: very painful silence. Not even Krendler looks happy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK OUTSIDE FBI BUILDING - DAY
text: Clarice and Crawford walk out slowly, stand there a moment,
text: not knowing what to say, not wanting to face each other.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: All his victims are women... His
dialog: obsession is women, he lives to hunt
dialog: women. But not one women is hunting
dialog: him - except me. I can walk in a
dialog: woman's room and know three times as
dialog: much about her as a man would.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I have to go to Belvedere.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: You heard them. I don't have that
dialog: authority anymore.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: You do until six p.m.
text: He stares at her sadly. He looks, for the first time,
text: defeated, old beyond his years.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
text: Ohio is cold ground. Picked over,
dialog: ten months ago. Our people worked
dialog: it, so did the locals.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: But not from this angle. Not thinking
dialog: he knew her. You've got to send me!
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: I'm Bureau for 28 years, Starling. I
dialog: won't disobey orders, not even now.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: But I just became a private citizen.
dialog: I can go anywhere I want to.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
text: With ID and a gun...? Impersonating
text: a federal agent is a felony.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: He's going to kill her, Mr. Crawford.
dialog: This morning, or maybe at noon, but
dialog: today, and Belvedere's our last
dialog: chance. I'm flying there, right now,
dialog: unless you stop me. You want my ID?
dialog: Here - take it...
text: He stares at her, a long moment. Catherine's life. Clarice's
dialog: passion, and future. His loyalty to the Bureau. Call it.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (pulls out his wallet)
dialog: There's about $300 here... And a
dialog: hotline code number. They'll patch
dialog: you through to me, wherever I am.
text: She raises her hand to him. She wants to touch him face, or
text: his neck, but can't. Finally she takes his money and card.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Thank you.
text: He watches, frightened for both of them, as she backs away,
text: smiles, then turns, racing towards the surveillance van.
text: SOUND UPCUT - the scratchy recording of Fats Waller SINGING,
dialog: as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S CELLAR - DAY (DIM LIGHT)
text: CLOSE ON the needle of the Victrola, on the spinning record,
text: as Mr. Gumb's fingers lift away. MUSIC continues in
dialog: background.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB (O.S.)
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Preeeeecious...!
text: CLOSE ON the moth cage, as Mr. Gumb's fingers search through
text: the humus, and find a plump new cocoon, lifting it out. The
text: door of the cage is left open, and one or two of the adult
text: moths flutter out.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB (O.S.)
dialog: Precious, come on Precious! Busy
dialog: busy day today...
text: CLOSE ON a clean towel, beside the sink. The cocoon is gently
text: placed in readiness alongside four shiny skinning knives.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB (O.S.)
dialog: Momma's gonna be sooo beautiful!
text: CLOSE ON a stainless steel Colt Python, with a six-inch
text: barrel, as the cylinder is spun, and the hammer gets a
text: practice cock. The metallic CLICK is deep and loud. A note
text: of alarm has entered Mr. Gumb's voice.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB (O.S.)
dialog: You come here this minute, you little
dialog: scamp!
text: LOW ANGLE on Mr. Gumb, wearing the kimono, as he walks through
text: his sewing workroom. His back is to us; he is looking
text: anxiously under the furniture. He stops, straightens.
text: Genuinely scared.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: Precious...?
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE - OVER THE PIT OPENING
text: Towards Mr. Gumb, as he stops at one of the doorways of the
text: oubliette chamber. He stares inside; his face in shadows.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: Sweetheart...?
text: From the distant bottom of the pit, we hear Catherine's voice.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (O.S.)
dialog: She'd down here you sack of shit.
text: Mr. Gumb's fist flies to his mouth, and he sags against the
text: doorframe. A little groan escaped him; the dog answers with
text: a series of YIPS.
text: UPWARD ANGLE, FROM THE PIT BOTTOM
text: as Mr. Gumb's dark shape leans cautiously over the edge.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: Precious, are you all right?
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE ON CATHERINE
text: crouched to one side, clutching the dog to her chest. Seeing
text: Mr. Gumb, the dog squirms frantically, BARKING.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Get me a telephone. Lower it down to
dialog: me. Do it now, mister! I don't want
dialog: to have to hurt this little dog.
speaker_heading: UPWARD ANGLE
text: on Mr. Gumb, as, with a cry of fury, he whips the Colt from
text: inside his kimono. The muzzle gleams as he takes aim.
text: Catherine yanks the dog up, into his line of fire, screaming
text: at him.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: You shoot motherfucker you better
dialog: kill me quick or I'll break her
dialog: fucking neck, I swear to God!
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB (O.S.)
dialog: (wails)
dialog: Nooooooo!
text: Tucking the dog under one arm, she grabs its muzzle, twisting
text: the head. The dog WHINES piteously.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Back off, you son of a bitch! Back
dialog: off!
speaker_heading: UPWARD ANGLE
text: as Mr. Gumb cries out again - a terrible, inarticulate scream
text: of rage and anguish. But then he slowly lowers his gun.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: On Catherine, as she maintains her grip.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: That's better... Now get me a live
dialog: telephone. Get a long extension and
dialog: lower is down here... And you better
dialog: do it fast, too, 'cause I think her
text: leg's broken. She's in pain, mister,
dialog: she needs a vet.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
text: stares down at her, a long beat, breathing heavily.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: You think she's in pain? You don't
dialog: know what pain is. But you're going
dialog: to find out...
text: And abruptly he vanishes. SOUND of his footsteps, rushing
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: begins shaking, hands and arms twitching uncontrollably. She
text: hugs the little dog tight to her chest, buries her face in
text: its fur, sobbing...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - BELVEDERE, OHIO - DAY
text: HIGH ANGLE as a rented sedan pulls up to the curb, stops.
text: After a moment Clarice climbs out, a bit stiffly. Double-
text: checking this address, she glances up from a folded street
dialog: map to -
scene_heading: AN OLD, THREE-STORY WOODEN HOUSE
text: in a row of similarly shabby homes, all backing onto a narrow
text: river. A path of boards, laid over mud, leads back along
text: this house towards the brown water. SOUND of hammering from
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BIMMEL HOUSE - BACK YARD - DAY
text: An awesome huddle of pigeon coops sprawls by the brackish
text: water. The birds' COOING mixes with the HAMMERING. A tall,
text: gaunt man in a knit cap is obsessively pounding nails into a
dialog: new coop.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: approaches him, and the man lowers his hammer. He has red-
text: rimmed eyes of watery blue. His face is deeply seamed.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Mr. Bimmel...?
text: He stares back at her, warily.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BIMMEL HOUSE - STAIRCASE - DAY
text: HIGH ANGLE - LOOKING DOWN as Mr. Bimmel leads Clarice up a
text: steep flight of steps. The bannister is worn, sags a bit.
speaker_heading: MR. BIMMEL
dialog: I don't know nothin' new to tell ya.
dialog: The police been back here so many
dialog: times already... Fredrica went into
text: Columbus on the bus to see about a
dialog: job. She left the interview OK. She
dialog: never come home.
text: Clarice pauses, at the landing, to look at a framed photo:
text: the familiar graduation portrait. Others pictures show
text: Fredrica as a young girl, toddler, infant - plump and hopeful
dialog: at each age.
speaker_heading: MR. BIMMEL
dialog: Her room's how she left it. Just
dialog: shut the door when you're done.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FREDRICA'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: CLARICE'S POV - MOVING SLOWLY as she takes in flowery chintz
text: curtains... posters of Madonna and Blondie... a twin bed,
text: with worn, stuffed animals on the pillow... a big sewing
text: machine in the corner.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: turns, absorbing nuances. There is loneliness here, an echo
text: of desperation under this steeply pitches ceiling. A shrill
text: MEOW, and she looks down...
scene_heading: BIG TORTOISESHELL CAT
text: is rubbing against her ankles.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: picks up the cat, scratches behind his ears. She glances up.
scene_heading: IN A FULL-LENGTH MIRROR
text: she and the cat stares back at their own reflection...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: sitting at the desk, turns the pages of a high school
text: yearbook. The cat is curled on her lap...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: kneeling by the old Decca record player, flips through LPs
text: and singles. The cat has wandered off...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: pulling a string to light up the closet. She is surprised
text: and intrigued to see an extensive wardrobe, groaning from
text: the rod. A shelf above the rod is stacked high with sewing
text: supplies, in clear plexiboxes. She flips through the hanging
text: clothes, pulls out one dress, on its hanger, for a closer
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: THE DRESS
text: is very big, to fit Fredrica, but beautifully cut. Some of
text: the seams still look unfinished. She turns it around, sees a
text: blue tissue dressmaker's pattern still pinned to the back.
scene_heading: FAVORING THE SEWING MACHINE
text: as Clarice turns, looks towards it. She hangs the dress on
text: the closet door knob, crosses to sit at the machine. She
text: takes off its dust cover. She runs one hand over the cool
text: metal, as a taunting memory forms in her mind.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: Billy wants to change, too, Clarice.
dialog: But there's the problem of his size,
dialog: you see...
text: She turns, looks again at the unfinished dress. Suddenly she
text: straightens, her attention riveted by something...
speaker_heading: CLARICE'S POV
text: On the printed pattern, down at the lower back of the outlined
text: dress, are two bold black triangles. We RUSH CLOSER to there
text: shapes, before jumping back to -
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: who stares at them, starting to tremble.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: Even if he were a woman, he'd have
dialog: to be a big one...
speaker_heading: IN FLASHBACK
text: those missing triangles of skin on the dead girl's back, in
dialog: the funeral home in West Virginia...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON CLARICE
text: as she jumps to her feet, with a fierce joy.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Sewing darts. You bastard.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BIMMEL PARLOR - DOWNSTAIRS - DAY
text: Clarice paces, in an exuberant rush, amidst the worn
dialog: furniture.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: He's making himself a "woman suit,"
dialog: Mr. Crawford - out of real women!
dialog: And he can sew, this guy, he's really
dialog: skilled. A dressmaker, or a tailor -
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Starling -
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: That's why they're all so big -
dialog: because he needs a lot of skin! He
dialog: keeps them alive to starve them awhile -
dialog: to loosen their skin, so that -
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Starling, we know who he is! And
text: where he is. We're on our way now.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (pause; surprised)
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FBI TURBOJET - FLYING - DAY
text: Crawford sits at a communications console, with Burroughs,
text: in headphones, by his side. This forward section of the cabin
text: is crammed with hi-tech equipment, all lit up and WHIRRING.
text: Through a window we see clouds, part of the jet's wing.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (into speaker phone)
dialog: Calumet City, edge of Chicago. I'll
dialog: be on the ground in 45 minutes with
dialog: the Hostage Rescue Team. I'm back in
dialog: charge, Starling. He's mine.
speaker_heading: INTERCUTTING
text: as Clarice reacts; her happiness for Crawford is tinged with
text: disappointment at being so suddenly out of the hunt.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Sir, that's great news. But how -
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Johns Hopkins finally came up with a
dialog: name for us. We fed him into Known
text: Offenders, and he came up cherries.
dialog: (takes a paper from
dialog: Burroughs)
dialog: Subject's name is "Jamie Gumb," AKA
dialog: "John Grant." Lecter's description
dialog: was accurate, he just lied about the
dialog: name.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE JET - MOVING ANGLE
text: from the rear of the cabin forward, as we slowly PASS the
text: twelve-man HRT. They're seated in full gear, hardshell armor,
text: quietly checking and rechecking their bulging cases of weapons -
text: silencer automatics, shotguns, stun grenades...
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD (O.S.)
dialog: This Gumb's a real beauty. Slaughtered
dialog: both his grandparents when he was
dialog: twelve, and did nine years in juvenile
dialog: psychiatric. Where, Starling, he
dialog: took vocational rehab, and learned a
dialog: useful trade...
speaker_heading: INTERCUTTING
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Sewing...
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Take a bow. Customs had some paper
text: on his alias. They stopped a carton
dialog: two years ago at LAX - live
text: caterpillars from Surinam. The
dialog: addressee was "John Grant." Calumet
dialog: Power &amp; Light's given us two possible
dialog: residences under that alias. We're
text: hitting one, Chicago SWAT's taking
dialog: the other.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Chicago's only about 400 miles from
dialog: here. I could be there in -
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: No, Starling, there isn't time. And
dialog: you've still got crucial work to do
dialog: in Ohio. We want him for murder, not
dialog: kidnapping. I'm counting on you to
text: link him to the Bimmel girl, before
dialog: he's indicted.
text: Clarice tries hard to swallow her disappointment.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Yes sir... I'll do my best.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (pause; gently)
dialog: Starling - you've earned back your
dialog: place in the Academy. We never
dialog: would've found him without you, and
dialog: nobody's ever going to forget that.
dialog: Least of all me.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Yes sir. Thank you, sir...
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
text: switches off, feeling bad for her. On the console near him,
text: the fax machine starts to CHATTER. He turns, looks.
speaker_heading: BURROUGHS (O.S.)
dialog: Here he comes, Jack.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: an emerging sheet, as Gumb's face is printed out. We see
text: just his hair, then the top of his forehead, before we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BIMMEL BACK YARD - DAY
text: Clarice walks slowly across the yard, absorbing all this
text: news, before suddenly leaping into the air and pumping her
text: fist in triumph, with a happy yelp. Then she sees -
speaker_heading: MR. BIMMEL
text: staring at her in surprise. He sits by his coops, smoking.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: somewhat embarrassed, crosses over to him.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Mr. Bimmel... did Fredrica ever
dialog: mention a man named Jamie Gumb, from
dialog: Calumet City? Or John Grant?
dialog: (he shakes his head)
dialog: Did she know any men that sew?
speaker_heading: MR. BIMMEL
dialog: She sewed for everybody. Stores,
dialog: ladies, whatever. I don't know about
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Who was her best friend, Mr. Bimmel?
dialog: Who'd she hang out with?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AN ISOLATED RUNWAY - O'HARE AIRPORT - DAY
text: The FBI turbojet is parked, its gangway down. Crawford,
text: Burroughs, and the HRT squad, carrying their bags of weapons,
text: CLATTER rapidly down the metal steps...
speaker_heading: STACY (V.O.)
dialog: Freaked me out. Get your skin peeled
dialog: off, is that a bummer...?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SAVING &amp; LOAN - BELVEDERE - DAY
text: STACY HUBKA - short, perky, early 20's - sits nervously at
text: her desk, talking to Clarice, who jots in her notebook. In
text: the background. beyond them, bank tellers, lines of waiting
text: customers, MUZAK.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: They said she was just rags, like
dialog: somebody -
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Stacy, did Fredrica ever mention a
dialog: man named Jamie Gumb? Or John Grant?
dialog: (Stacy shakes her
dialog: head)
dialog: Do you think she could've had a friend
dialog: you didn't know about?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: No way. She had a guy, I'da known,
dialog: believe me. Sewing was her life, she
dialog: was really great at it. Poor Freddie.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Did you ever work with her?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Oh sure, me'n Pam Malavesi used to
dialog: help her do alterations for old Mrs.
dialog: Lippman. Lots of people worked for
dialog: her, she had the business from all
dialog: these retail stores? But she was
dialog: like, totally old, it was more'n she
dialog: could handle.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Where does Mrs. Lippman live? I'd
dialog: like to talk to her.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: She died. She went to Florida to
dialog: retire, like two years ago? She dies
dialog: own there.
text: Clarice reacts, disappointed at the ending of this trail.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (beat; shyly)
dialog: Is that a pretty good job, FBI agent?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: You get to travel around and stuff?
dialog: I mean, better places then this?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Sometimes you do.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Freddie was so happy for me when I
dialog: got this job. This - toaster
text: giveaways, and Barry Manilow on the
dialog: speakers all day - she thought this
dialog: was really hot shit. What did she
dialog: know, big dummy...
text: Suddenly she's fighting tears. Clarice reaches to hug her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - CALUMET CITY, ILLINOIS - DAY
text: WIDE ANGLE on what appears to be, at first, a calm, ordinary
text: neighborhood of working class two- and three-story houses.
text: But the street is strangely quiet, deserted.
text: After a few moments, we become aware of movement - armed,
text: dark-clad figures creeping swiftly and in silence from shrubs
text: to garage corners, from parked cars to porches, appearing
dialog: and then disappearing...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S CELLAR - DAY (DIM LIGHT)
text: CLOSE ON Mr. Gumb, as he settles a big pair of infra-red
text: night-vision goggles over his eyes. Moths flutter past his
text: face. His mouth is set in a grim line...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN CALUMET CITY - FRONT YARD - DAY
text: An HRT cop, prone beneath a hedge, is joined by a 2nd HRT
text: Cop, who throws himself to the grass beside him. They both
text: take aim with their scoped rifles at -
scene_heading: TELEPHOTO ANGLE (WITH RIFLE CROSSHAIRS)
text: The front door of a big, nearby, split-level house...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S CELLAR - DAY (DIM LIGHT)
text: CLOSE ON a fuse box, as Mr. Gumb reaches in, flips a switch.
text: The lights go out. SOUND of a second switch, and the cellar
text: is bathed in a green glow...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN CALUMET CITY - NEIGHBOR'S HOUSE - DAY
text: A little boy, riding his tricycle in his driveway, is suddenly
text: startled to find himself staring into the grim face of -
text: A MEMBER OF THE HRT
text: crouched by his garage, armed to the teeth. As the little
text: boy starts to cry, the cop pulls him into the shadows,
text: covering his mouth.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S CELLAR - DAY (GREEN LIGHT)
text: Mr. Gumb, in his kimono and goggles, creeps silently through
text: his workrooms - knees bent, painted toes places ever so
text: delicately, the Colt held aloft - as more moths flutter past
text: him in the eerie light...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN CALUMENT CITY - DAY
text: A florist's van turns the corner, comes slowly down the street
text: and stops at the curb in front of the split-level. The driver,
text: in a gray deliveryman's uniform and cap, climbs out of the
text: cab, walks briskly to the panel door, on the street side of
text: the van, and slides it open. He leans in, comes out with a
text: long, thin red-ribboned floral box, starts calmly towards
dialog: the house...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S CELLAR - DAY (GREEN LIGHT)
text: MR. GUMB'S POV - MOVING ANGLE on the top of the oubliette, a
text: glowing green circle in the dark, as it draws closer and
text: closer... and then Catherine comes INTO VIEW, at the bottom
text: of the pit. She is crouched, exhausted, staring straight up
text: at him - but she can't see him in this infra-red darkness.
text: Precious is curled into her stomach, asleep. The futon is up
text: to Catherine's waist, but there's a clear shot at her head
dialog: and neck.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
text: Looking down at her, smiles...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN CALUMET CITY - SUSPECT'S HOUSE - DAY
text: MOVING ANGLE on the "deliveryman," seen from behind, as he
text: mounts three steps to the split-level's front porch. Tucked
text: into the small of his back if a 9 mm. automatic.
scene_heading: CRAWFORD AND BURROUGHS
text: have slipped out of the van, and are crouched behind it now,
text: with drawn guns, watching tensely as -
scene_heading: THE "DELIVERYMAN"
text: settles the floral box in the crook of his left arm, reaches
text: out with his right hand towards the buzzer...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S CELLAR - DAY (GREEN LIGHT)
text: Slowly, savoring the moment, Mr. Gumb aims the big Colt,
text: which is already cocked, using both hands... He is just about
text: to squeeze the trigger, when we hear his DOOR BUZZER,
text: surprisingly loud and close by. He turns, startled, and sees -
scene_heading: DUSTY BLACK METAL BOX
text: the extension buzzer, mounted high on the wall, which is
text: making the hideous, grating JANGLE. It finally stops, but
text: not before waking Precious, who starts frantically BARKING,
dialog: off screen, as -
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
text: raises his gun again, spinning back towards -
scene_heading: HIS POV - THE PIT BOTTOM
text: where Catherine, hearing but still not seeing him, quickly
text: yanks the futon over both herself and the dog. Instantly the
text: two of them become one squirming, indistinguishable mass.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
text: bites his lip, his aim wavering, as he can't decide where to
text: safely place his shot. The maddening BUZZER sounds again,
text: even more insistently, and he cries out with frustration and
text: fury. But as the BUZZER continues, he reluctantly uncocks
text: his gun, looking up angrily towards his front door...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S FRONT DOOR - DAY
text: The door opens, on a chain, and Clarice peers in, smiling.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Good afternoon... I wonder if you
dialog: could help me. I'm looking for Mrs.
dialog: Lippman's family?
text: Mr. Gumb frowns out at Clarice. For the first time ever, we
text: get a well-lit view of his bland, pale-eyed moon of a face.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: They don't live here anymore.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR OF SUSPECT'S HOUSE - CALUMET CITY
text: The "deliveryman" yanks a 12 lb. sledgehammer from the floral
text: box, swings it with all his might against the door knob,
dialog: blowing it through as -
speaker_heading: MOVING ANGLE
text: Crawford and Burroughs race towards the door, guns up...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MR. GUMB'S FRONT DOOR - DAY
text: Mr. Gumb starts to close the door, only to have Clarice push
text: back against it, politely but firmly. She holds up her ID.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Excuse me, but I really do need to
dialog: talk to you. This was Mrs. Lippman's
dialog: house. Did you know her?
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Just briefly. What's the problem,
dialog: Officer?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUSPECT'S HOUSE - CALUMENT CITY - DAY
text: A bedroom window disintegrates as a flash grenade is shot
text: through it, EXPLODING on the floor. An instant later, a black-
text: clad HRT cop dives through the shattered glass, rolls across
text: the floor, comes up on one knee swiveling his sawed-off
dialog: shotgun...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MR. GUMB'S FRONT DOOR - DAY
text: Clarice and Mr. Gumb, still eyeing each other through the
dialog: door crack...
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I'm investigating the death of
dialog: Fredrica Bimmel. Who are you, please?
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: Jack Gordon.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Mr. Gordon, did you know Fredrica
dialog: when she worked for Mrs. Lippman?
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: No. Wait... Was she a great, fat
dialog: person? I may have seen her, I'm not
dialog: sure...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUSPECT'S HOUSE - CALUMET CITY - DAY
text: MOVING ANGLE as Burroughs moves quickly down a hallway and
text: enters the living room, where Crawford is standing, with his
text: gun held down by his side, surrounded by several other cops.
text: Burroughs shakes his head: Nothing here...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S FRONT HALLWAY - DAY
text: Mr. Gumb glances briefly over his shoulder, towards his
text: kitchen, then turns back to Clarice with a smile.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: Mrs. Lippman had a son, maybe he
dialog: could help you. I have his card
dialog: somewhere. Do you mind stepping
dialog: inside, while I looks for it?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Thanks.
scene_heading: ANGLE FAVORING THE COLT PYTHON
text: which rests on a counter, just inside the open kitchen
text: doorway. THROUGH this doorway, we watch as Mr. Gumb, at the
text: end of his front hall, slips the chain. Clarice enters,
text: closing the door behind her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD OF SUSPECT'S HOUSE - CALUMET CITY - DAY
text: MOVING ANGLE - towards the front door, as frustrated HRT
text: cops file out of the empty house, rifles slung across their
dialog: shoulders.
scene_heading: WE PICK OUT CRAWFORD
text: walking across the grass towards the van, when all at once
text: he stops in his tracks, shaken by a sudden flash of intuition.
scene_heading: CAMERA RUSHES VERY CLOSE
text: on his stricken face...
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Clarice.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S PARLOR - DAY
text: Clarice, pulling her notebook from her shoulder bag, glances
text: around the musty-looking room.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB (O.S.)
dialog: That horrible business, I shiver
dialog: every time I think about it...
text: Overstuffed furniture, porcelain figurines. One archway onto
text: the front hall, another onto a dining alcove, and through
text: there, the kitchen. Mr. Gumb is crossing to a rolling desk,
text: raising the top. He bends over, begins poking through cubby
text: holes. His tone is casual, neutral.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: Are they close to catching somebody,
dialog: do you think?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I think we may be, yes.
text: Mr. Gumb stiffens, almost imperceptibly. His back is to her,
text: as he continues opening drawers, rustling papers.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Mr. Gordon, did you take over this
dialog: place after Mrs. Lippman died?
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: Yes. I bought the house from her,
dialog: two years ago.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Did she leave any records here? Tax
dialog: or business records? Maybe a list of
dialog: employees?
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MR. GUMB'S BACK
text: as he continues his rummaging.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: No, nothing at all. Has the FBI
dialog: learned something? Because the police
dialog: here don't seem to have the first
dialog: clue...
text: Out of the folds of his kimono crawls a Death's-head Moth.
text: It creeps slowly to the center of his back, raising its wings.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: Do you have his description yet, or
dialog: some fingerprints...?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: unaware, is still glancing around the room. For several
text: agonizing moments, we think she won't see the moth - but
text: then she turns, does see it, and her eyes freeze. A beat of
text: pure fear. A tremendous struggle to keep her voice calm.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: No... no, we don't.
text: Very carefully, she drops her notebook back into her bag,
text: lowers the bag to the floor. With her fingertips she brushes
text: back the edge of her blazer, loosening its drape.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
text: turns back towards her cheerfully, holding out a business
dialog: card.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: Ahhh. Here's that number.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: keeps her distance. They are about ten feet apart.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Good, thank you. Mr. Gordon, do you
dialog: have a phone I can use?
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
text: is about to reply when the moth suddenly flies up from behind
text: him, flutters past his face. He turns, looking at it. He
text: looks back at Clarice, his mouth still open.
speaker_heading: HER EYES
text: are unmoving, locked on his.
speaker_heading: HIS EYES
text: stare back at her, widen. And they know each other.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
dialog: (softly)
dialog: In the kitchen. I'll show you.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: whips her gun out, gripping it in both shaking hands.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Freeze!
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
text: slowly tilts his head to one side, smiles at her.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: tries to force more authority into her voice.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Okay... Okay, Mr. Gumb, you're under
text: arrest. Down on the floor, hands and
dialog: legs spread, move it.
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
text: turns, then all at once, in two quick steps, he is gone,
text: disappearing into his dining alcove, then kitchen.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: hesitates, just a split second, to shoot him in the back -
text: and then it's too late.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S KITCHEN - DAY
text: Clarice hurries inside, moving low, swivelling her gun.
scene_heading: HER POV - MOVING
text: The kitchen is empty. To one side, a door still shuddering
text: on its hinges...
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: rushes to this - pauses - then elbows the door aside, aiming
dialog: her gun down -
scene_heading: AN EMPTY STAIRWELL
text: brightly lit, leading to the cellar. Two doors facing the
text: bottom, both open. No sign of Mr. Gumb.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: hates this, hates this, which door, it's a trap, what to do:
text: she is very scared, but suddenly hears -
text: The distant SCREAM of Catherine Martin, somewhere down there
dialog: in that killing maze.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: rushes through the doorway, and down the stairs.
text: BEHIND HER, ON THE KITCHEN COUNTER there's an empty space;
text: the Colt Python is gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S CELLAR - DAY
text: MOVING ANGLE - WITH CLARICE - hurrying down the steps. More
text: SCREAMS; they seem to be coming from the left door. Clarice
text: goes that way, entering a brick-walled passage - pipes over-
text: head, naked bulbs. The lighting, though dim, is incandescent;
text: Mr. Gumb has switched off his infra-red system. Clarice comes
text: to a T-shaped intersection, stops. Another SCREAM, again to
text: her left, and the BARKING of a dog...
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: follows her gun around the corner, looking right.
scene_heading: EMPTY PASSAGEWAY
text: but doors opening off it - he could be lurking behind any of
text: them. She looks left... sees an opening onto some kind of
text: chamber. The noises are LOUDER, coming from there.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: moves cautiously towards this chamber...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OUBLIETTE CHAMBER - DAY (DIMLY LIT)
text: Clarice moves in, hugging the wall, gun swivelling...
scene_heading: HER POV - MOVING
text: the open top of the pit... beyond it, the other two doorways,
dialog: opening onto this room - Jesus, he could come through either
text: one of them, or come up behind her... She moves to the pit,
text: looks down, very briefly, sees Catherine SCREAMING,
text: hysterical, and a little white dog BARKING...
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: kneels, staring up from one door to another, she can't cover
text: them all, she's totally exposed - and what's a dog doing
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: FBI, Catherine, you're safe.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Safe, SHIT, he's got a gun! Getmeout.
dialog: GET ME OUT!
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: You're all right! Where is he?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Get me out!
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: I'll get you out! Just be quiet so I
dialog: can hear. Shut that dog up.
dialog: (still swivelling)
dialog: Is there a ladder? Is there a rope?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I don't know! Get me out!!
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Catherine. Listen to me. I have to
dialog: find a rope. I have to leave this
dialog: room, just for a minute, but -
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: NOOOOO! You fucking bitch don't you
dialog: LEAVE ME down here, DON'T YOU - YOU
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Shut UP!
dialog: (then, louder)
dialog: The other officers will be here any
dialog: minute! you're perfectly safe now!
text: Ignoring Catherine, whose shouts turn to sobs, she backs
text: away, turns, picks one of the other doorways, moves into it
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NEW PASSAGEWAY - DAY (DIMLY LIT)
text: CLARICE'S POV - MOVING down this passageway, towards a new
text: room... pausing at the doorway, straining to hear... no sound
text: except Catherine's CRYING, not in the background, and
text: Clarice's own RAPID BREATHING. Then she crouches -
text: LOWER ANGLE - bursts forward, through the doorframe,
dialog: sidestepping...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORKROOM - DAY (DIMLY LIT)
text: Clarice weaves back and forth, half-crouched, gun out, back
text: to the wall. Her face glistens with sweat, as she takes in...
scene_heading: HER POV - MOVING NERVOUSLY
text: Mr. Gumb's sewing machine... his swivel chair... the old
text: Victrola... Big moths are crashing into the light bulbs,
text: overhead; they're everywhere. Suddenly, from just behind
text: her, a CLICK and a HUM, and -
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: spins, almost shoots, before seeing -
scene_heading: A SMALL REFRIGERATOR
text: with its thermostat just switching ON.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: gasps for breath, fighting for calm. She turns again, slashing
text: her free hand at the moths, moving quickly on...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SKINNING ROOM - DAY (DIMLY LIT)
text: Clarice moves past the mannequins, all of them naked now...
text: then quickly past the huge Chinese armoire, ready to shoot
text: into it. Its doors yawn open; it is empty except for several
text: padded hangers... She moves on, past the big sink, with its
text: DRIPPING faucet... the counter, with its gleaming knives...
text: the rows of chemical jars. At the end of this room is
speaker_heading: A CLOSED DOOR
text: Clarice starts to open it, then hesitates. Looking around,
text: she seizes a wooden chair, wedges it under the door know,
text: sealing off this section of the cellar. With her back thus
text: defended, she turns, softly retracing her steps.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORKROOM - DAY (DIMLY LIT)
text: Passing again through the workroom, Clarice pauses, seeing a
text: half-curtained door, to one side, that she had previously
text: skirted. She crosses to the door, listens and hears no sound
text: inside, takes a deep breath and reaches for the knob. She
text: twists it, and, as it turns, shoves hard and follows her gun
text: inside, all in one quick move...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY (BRIGHTLY LIT)
text: An old-fashioned bathroom: tiled floor, sink, toilet - and a
text: big, free-standing tub. An opaque shower curtain, suspended
text: from an oval ring, hides whatever might be inside.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: centers her gun on the curtain, at chest height, and yanks
text: it aside with her left hand. No one standing there. Something
text: lower down catches her eye.
text: She leans in, stares more closely, not understanding, at
dialog: first, that she's seeing -
text: FEMALE HAND AND WRIST
text: sticking up from the tub, which is filled with hard red-purple
text: plaster. The hand is dark and shriveled, with pink nail polish
text: and a dainty wristwatch. As -
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: is reacting with horror to this sight, the lights go out, to
text: be replaced, a split-second later, by the eerie green glow
text: of Mr. Gumb's infra-red system. Clarice cries out, turns
text: blindly, reaching for the door, can't find it, free hand
text: clawing desperately into what is, for her, utter darkness.
text: SOUND of Catherine KEENING again, in the far distance. Clarice
text: stumbles, goes to her knees, rights herself, finally clutches
dialog: the door frame...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MR. GUMB'S WORKROOM - DAY (GREEN LIGHT)
text: Clarice emerges from the bathroom in a half-crouch, arms
text: out, both hands on the gun, extended just below the level of
text: her unseeing eyes. She stops, listens. In her raw-nerved
text: darkness, every SOUND is unnaturally magnified - the HUM of
text: the refrigerator... the TRICKLE of water... her own terrified
text: BREATHING, and Catherine's faraway, echoing SOBS... Moths
text: smack against her face and arms. She eases forward, then
text: stops again, listens... She eases forward again, following
text: her gun, and creeps directly in front of, and then past -
speaker_heading: MR. GUMB
text: who has flattened himself against a wall, arms spread like a
text: high priest, Colt in one hand. He wears his goggles and
text: kimono, and under that - draping down over his naked arms,
text: like some hideous mantle - his terrifying, half-completed
text: suit of human skins. This is an exquisite moment for him - a
text: ritual of supreme exaltation. He smiles at Clarice as,
text: completely unaware, she moves beyond him, exposing her back.
text: Very slowly and quietly he steps out behind her, taking his
text: gun in both hands, aiming...
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: the Colt Python as - in SLOW MOTION - his thumbs cock the
text: hammer, the SOUND registering as a LOUD METALLIC CLICK, and -
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: spins, still in SLOW MOTION, flame already leaping from her
dialog: gun muzzle, as we see -
speaker_heading: THE TWO FIGURES
text: almost at point-black range, guns ROARING hugely, one FLASH
dialog: from Mr. Gumb, and one two three four FLASHES from Clarice,
text: overlapping his, and then, as the ECHOES crash deafeningly -
scene_heading: CLOSE ON CLARICE - LOW ANGLE -
text: with NORMAL SPEED RESTORED, as the side of her face hits the
text: floor, and she is gasping, stunned by the noise and flames;
text: there is blood on her check, and an ugly powder burn, but
text: she ignores them, twisting to yank her speedloader from her
text: jacket pocket, locking it blindly onto her gun's cylinder,
text: reloading, right in front of her face, then rolling onto her
text: stomach, aiming her gun upward again, blinking her dazzled
text: eyes, straining to locate him in the darkness... Where is
text: he, where...? Then, as the ECHOES finally fade, she hears
text: something else - a tortured, sucking, WHISTLE from perhaps
text: eight feet away...
scene_heading: MOVING ANGLE - WITH CLARICE
text: as she crawls forward, on her elbows, following her gun,
text: until it bumps against Mr. Gumb's shoulder. He is lying on
text: his back, chest a bloody mess. She slides her muzzle against
text: his head, hard, but he doesn't move; another shot isn't
text: needed. He stares upwards, through his goggles, bloody lips
text: working. He tries to speak, but cannot. One hand reaches
text: slowly upwards, the fingers twitching, as if to seize
text: something, overhead... Then a final, ghastly groan, his hand
text: drops, he is dead. Clarice feels for a pulse at his neck,
text: making sure. Then, and only then, does she permit herself to
text: roll over, collapsing onto her back beside him.
speaker_heading: OVERHEAD ANGLE
text: down at the two faces - intimately close together, like lovers
text: on their pillow. Then, as we PULL SLOWLY AWAY, we see that
text: her staring eyes, and his dead gaze, are both locked onto -
scene_heading: A DEATH'S-HEAD MOTH -
text: perched on an infra-red bulb, overhead, its wings pumping
dialog: slowly.
text: SOUND UPCUT - wailing SIRENS, many excited VOICES, as we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MR. GUMB'S HOUSE - DUSK
text: The front porch of the tall Victorian house is bathed in a
text: glare of TV lights, police and ambulance flashers. Cars and
text: vans and even a firetruck choke the street; cops, reporters,
text: EMS workers and curious civilians swarm around the ineffective
text: barricades. The BUZZ of their voices goes even higher as
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: dazed, her face bandaged - comes out of the house, walking
text: protectively beside Catherine, who is wheeled on a gurney.
text: They are followed out by uniformed cops, then two firemen
text: with an extension ladder. Catherine, blinking in confusion,
text: is still clutching the little dog, and refuses to give her
text: up even as she's trundled into an ambulance. Clarice sways
text: with exhaustion; everyone seems to be shouting at her at
text: once, pulling her sleeve. She tries to fight free of them,
text: desperate for a familiar face.
scene_heading: AN OHIO HIGHWAY PATROL CAR
text: pulls up, stops, and Crawford climbs out of the back seat.
text: He makes his way anxiously through the press of bodies,
text: stopping when he sees Clarice.
text: THEY LOOK AT ONE ANOTHER
text: for a long moment, Crawford choked with pride for her, with
text: sorrow for her ordeal, with love, but unable to find any
text: words. And then he does.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Starling... your father sees you.
text: And then all at once she is sobbing, her knees giving way,
text: but he is there to catch her, he is hugging her fiercely.
text: HOLD ON them for a long beat.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR BURKE (V.O.)
dialog: (over loudspeaker)
dialog: Congratulations! You are now officers
dialog: of the Federal Bureau of
dialog: Investigation...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GROUNDS OF THE FBI ACADEMY - WEEKS LATER - DAY
text: The forty members of Clarice's class, resplendent in their
text: best dark suits and dresses, rise, cheering themselves, then
text: turn happily to wave to their audience, as APPLAUSE mounts.
text: Beyond them, on a gaily tented platform, the Director stands
text: behind his podium.
scene_heading: CLARICE AND ARDELIA
text: look at one another solemnly. Ardelia holds up both fists,
text: in a power shake, and Clarice taps them with her own. She is
text: radiantly beautiful in a navy dress and pearls, the thin
text: scar on her cheek almost healed. Ardelia turns, waving towards
text: the crowd, the Clarice's thoughts are elsewhere. She turns,
text: searching among the dignitaries on the platform, till she
dialog: locates
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
text: who smiles back at her with quiet pride, and offers a little
dialog: salute.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: grins - more happy than we've ever seen her - then turns to
text: wave towards the crowd with the others.
speaker_heading: MOVING ANGLE
text: over the admiring sea of spectators, several hundred of them,
text: still rising from their folding chairs, APPLAUDING in
dialog: celebration of these special young people, this perfect,
text: sunlit day.
text: SOUND UPCUT - rock music, laughter - as we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACADEMY DORM - REC ROOM - THAT NIGHT
text: A LOUD party is underway - food, beer, dancing - as the new
text: grads celebrate ferociously. Ardelia weaves her way through
text: the crowded room, reaches Clarice, who is flanked by her
text: special guests - Pilcher and Roden, the two ardent scientists.
text: Ardelia has to shout at Clarice over the din.
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
dialog: Agent Starling! Telephone!
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Agent Mapp! Thank you!
text: She nods to Pilcher, leaves them. Roden, who is quite happily
text: drunk, grabs the startled Ardelia around the waist.
speaker_heading: RODEN
dialog: Hel-lo, gorgeous! Let's get down.
text: Ardelia looks at Pilcher, confused.
speaker_heading: PILCHER
dialog: Just ignore him. He's not a Ph.D.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DORM HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Clarice picks up the dangling pay phone, speaks happily.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: Starling.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: Well, Clarice, have the lambs stopped
dialog: screaming...?
text: She freezes, stunned by the familiar voice. Then she turns,
text: waving frantically towards
speaker_heading: ARDELIA
text: who is just inside the rec room door, at the end of the hall,
text: lost in conversation with Pilcher and Roden. Ardelia glances
text: at her briefly but misunderstands, waves cheerfully back.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (V.O.)
dialog: Don't bother with a trace, I won't
dialog: be on long enough.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
text: turns back, gripping the phone more tightly.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Where are you, Dr. Lecter?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A CLEAR NIGHT SKY
text: Very beautiful, glittering with countless stars.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (O.S.)
dialog: Where I have a view, Clarice...
speaker_heading: MOVING DOWN
text: we see a rolling lawn, a curving bay. Boats ride at anchor,
text: lights shimmering...
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER (O.S.)
dialog: Orion is looking splendid tonight,
text: and Arcturus, the Herdsman, with his
dialog: flock...
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
text: smiles into his mobile phone. He is stretched out on a
text: lounger, on a tiled patio, languidly paring an orange with a
text: penknife. His appearance is quite altered - a beard, glasses,
text: lighter hair. He's has some cosmetic surgery, as well.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Your lambs are still for now, Clarice,
dialog: but not forever... You'll have to
dialog: earn it again and again, this blessed
dialog: silence. Because it's the plight
dialog: that drives you, and the plight will
dialog: never end.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Dr. Lecter -
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: I have no plans to call on you,
dialog: Clarice, the world being more
dialog: interesting with you in it. Be sure
dialog: you extend me the same courtesy.
speaker_heading: CLARICE (V.O.)
dialog: You know I can't make that promise.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Goodbye, Clarice...
dialog: (and then, softly)
dialog: You looked - so very lovely today,
dialog: in your blue suit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DORM HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: As Clarice reacts, the fill weight of his words sinking in.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: Dr. Lecter... Dr. Lecter...!
text: But only a DIAL TONE comes from the phone. She is still
text: staring at her receiver, in shock, as we -
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOONLIT PATIO
text: Dr. Lecter sighs, sets his phone down, then rises. Popping
text: an orange section into his mouth, he turns towards the
text: brightly lit house. Stepping delicately over the sprawled
text: body of a uniformed security guard, he walks in through open
text: french doors.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. A BOOKLINED STUDY
text: In a swivel chair, amidst the wreckage of his papers and
text: books, is the writhing figure of Dr. Frederick Chilton. The
text: extreme intricacy of his bindings recalls Dr. Lecter's own
text: former restraints. His screams are muffled by the tape over
text: his mouth; he stares at Dr. Lecter like a rabbit trapped in
text: headlights.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
text: Considers him for a genial moment, then raises the little
text: pen-knife. His eyes are twinkling.
speaker_heading: DR. LECTER
dialog: Well, Dr. Chilton. Shall we begin?
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
