text: "THE LONG KISS GOODNIGHT"
dialog: by
dialog: Shane Black
speaker_heading: REVISED DRAFT
dialog: February 24, 1995
dialog: 
speaker_heading: A WINDOWPANE
text: Assaulted from without by SNOWFLAKES. Wind tossed.
text: INSIDE, a bed, dappled with moon shadow. A LITTLE GIRL, fast
text: asleep. The wind whistles and sighs outside. She DREAMS...
text: Eyelids closed, eyes roving beneath... then suddenly they
text: SNAP open. A stifled cry. She thrashes for her STUFFED BEAR,
text: as a soft voice says:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Shhhhh.
text: And there's MOM, kneeling beside her. Vague shape in the
text: dimness. The full moon throws light across one sparkling
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Mommy, the men on the mountain...!
speaker_heading: MOM
text: Shhhh. Gone, all gone now.
dialog: (strokes her hair)
dialog: I'm here. Mommy's always here and no
dialog: one can ever hurt you. Safe now...
text: safe and warm... snug as a bug in a
dialog: rug.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll sit with you, think you can
dialog: sleep?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
text: Turn on the nightlight.
text: The mother nods. Passes her left hand gently over the girl's
dialog: forehead.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Close your eyes now. I love you.
text: The child subsides, breathing steady. Eyes closed. The mother
text: rises. Regards her through the dimness. Slowly turns, heads
text: for the door. Flicks on a Winnie the Pooh NIGHTLIGHT --
text: Her entire right forearm is slicked with blood. More blood
text: on her Czech-made MP-5 machine gun.
text: She staggers just a little... barely noticeable. Passes out
text: on the light. Into darkness. Sits beside her daughter's bed.
text: The child sleeps peacefully. Outside snow slithers at the
dialog: glass.
text: FADE OUT. Pause. Blackness.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: It's snowing in southwestern Ohio. Before us, nestled in the
text: rolling hills: a postcard slice of suburbia. SUPER the legend:
scene_heading: UPPER SANDUSKY, OHIO.
dialog: Three Weeks Earlier.
text: Peaceful. Serene. It's the town in the glass bubble, the one
dialog: God shakes to watch it snow...
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAY
text: CHILDREN, dozens of them, bursting from houses. Slapping of
text: screen doors. A HORSE-DRIVEN SLEIGH is rattling down Main
text: Street. Flanked by kids. Christmas carols, droning from
text: loudspeakers.
text: HAPPY, LAUGHING SANTA waves howdy, chortling his "Ho's" in
text: groups of three, meanwhile he's really a grizzled old fire
text: marshall named EARL, freezing his nuts off.
text: Beside him sits MRS. CLAUS, about whom we notice two things:
dialog: First, she's the June in this June/December pair -- and
text: second, she's to kill for, an effortlessly beautiful woman.
dialog: For the record, meet SAMANTHA CAINE.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: How you holdin' up?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Freezing my nuts off.
text: Santa produces a bottle of Seagrams. Starts to open it.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: *Put that away*.
text: Earl complies, grumbling. Some teenage burnouts howl from a
dialog: street corner:
speaker_heading: BURNOUT
dialog: Ow! Mrs. Claus is HOT!
text: Samantha squirms in her seat, scowling.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I can't take it, Earl, this dumb
text: costume is giving me a wedgie. Driving
dialog: me crazy, but there's these *kids*
dialog: here --
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Right, you don't wanna be rootin' --
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
text: In front of little Billy, age four,
dialog: yeah. "Look, Mommy, Mrs. Claus chooses
dialog: to go butt-mining."
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: This is little Billy talking?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Age four, kid's unbelievable.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: I'm too old for this, Earl.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Yeah, yeah. Spare me, I got a prostate
text: the size of a melon.
text: Samantha stares at him.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Seriously, half my life's a doctor's
dialog: hand up my ass, I should marry the
dialog: fucker.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Say that a little louder, there's a
text: kid in back didn't catch it.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: It's not that fucking little Billy
dialog: again, is it?
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS:
text: Throughout the following NARRATION, we watch Sam: 1) Rallying
text: the varsity CHEERLEADERS; 2) Showing off a GERBIL to her
text: seventh graders; 3) Kneeling in church with her HUSBAND,
text: blessing herself; 4) Absently fingering a silver KEY which
text: she wears round her neck; and finally 5) Probing at a tiny
text: ridged SCAR under her hairline.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA (V.O.)
dialog: Eight years. I keep hiring detectives,
dialog: but they never find anything.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was born 3000 days ago on the beach
dialog: in New Jersey. I entered the world
dialog: fully grown, wearing clothes I don't
dialog: remember buying. Nothing in the
dialog: pockets but a single key, filed
dialog: smooth.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm married now. Nice guy, early
text: forties. I stand naked in the mirror
dialog: and try to guess my age. Thirty-five,
dialog: maybe. I have lots of scars.
scene_heading: EXT. SNOWY SUBURBAN STREET - AFTERNOON
text: Samantha walks with her husband HAL. Late thirties. Balding.
text: Coming out of St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Hal, I gotta tell you, of all the
dialog: Christmas pageants I've seen, this
dialog: was by far the most recent.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Aw, honey, I had teenage girls playing
dialog: the wise men, what'd you expect?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Teenage boys?
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Well, I thought they did fine.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Just fine? Come on, it was ground
dialog: breaking stuff. The first Nativity
text: where Joseph stares at the wise men's
dialog: tits all night.
text: She hugs him good-naturedly. As they near their house, an
text: eight year-old GIRL drops from a TREEHOUSE and comes running,
text: leaps into Mommy's arms --
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Hey, you!
text: The kid leaps into her arms, as we HEAR:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA (V.O.)
dialog: Her name is Caitlin. She's my daughter
dialog: and when I woke up on that long-ago
dialog: day, she was two months grown in my
dialog: belly. I don't know who put her there.
dialog: I may never. I just know she's mine,
text: and she's about to turn eight.
text: The family troops up the driveway to their SUBURBAN HOME.
text: Chipper little A-frame. Christmas lights abound. Behind the
text: house, a vast frozen POND. It is idyllic.
scene_heading: INT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - NIGHT
text: PARTY in progress. Laughter. Mingling. In the corner, CAITLIN
text: puts pipe cleaner antlers on the gerbil. Samantha shepherds
text: her home room class past the punchbowl. She is radiant. EARL
text: surreptitiously nips from a silver flask.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA (V.O.)
dialog: 3000 days. I teach now, fifth grade.
dialog: I have the key, I wear it around my
dialog: neck for luck. Except for that, and
dialog: my name, all traces of my prior life
dialog: are lost.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Was I in love ever...? Did someone
dialog: look in my eyes, did I say, "Darling,
dialog: I'll never forget you...?"
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Because fuck me, darling, I managed.
text: ACROSS THE ROOM -- Her daughter CAITLIN hangs with two young
text: girls. Shows off a plush TEDDY BEAR, says:
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: His name is Mr. Perkins, my Mom named
dialog: him for me.
text: GIRL #1 points, whispers excitedly:
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: That's her?
text: Caitlin nods. Kid #2:
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: That's who?
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Her Mom, she's got amnesia.
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: Swear?
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Swear.
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: Too weird.
text: A voice interrupts their reverie:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Excuse me.
text: The girls whirl around, startled -- Samantha is leaning on
text: the desk behind them. Busted. She smiles amiably:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Hello, girls. Caitlin, I'm going to
dialog: help Dad with the refreshments.
dialog: (leans in, whispers)
dialog: Which one's Dad? I forget.
text: The girls look at her like she's grown a tail.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: *Kidding*.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A DOOR KICKED OPEN, WHAM-! Splintered. Lock shattered.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - AKRON, OHIO - NIGHT
text: A NUDE COUPLE on the bed. They look up, startled -- as three
text: men burst through the door. The LEADER: a haggard-looking
text: man sporting a soup-stain on his tie, whoops, that's the
dialog: design, sorry. MITCH HENESSEY, private investigator and con
text: man extraordinaire. He flashes a phony badge:
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
scene_heading: POLICE. DON'T MOVE.
speaker_heading: MAN ON BED
dialog: What the hell is this...?!!
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Don't give me an attitude, sir. You're
dialog: assuming I won't shoot your sorry
dialog: ass, and everyone knows when you
dialog: make an assumption, you make an ass
dialog: out of u and mption. I'm Sergeant
dialog: Madigan, Vice, and if you cop a 'tude,
dialog: jerkoff, I will see to it you spend
dialog: the next ten years in prison getting
dialog: ass-fucked, and if the case is thrown
dialog: out because my arrest is too violent,
dialog: then I will personally HIRE men to
dialog: ass-fuck you for ten years. So if
dialog: you're an ass-fucking fan, go ahead
dialog: and mouth off, but meanwhile you're
dialog: under arrest for the crime of
dialog: prostitution, now shut the fuck up
dialog: before I cut out your kneecaps and
dialog: use 'em as ashtrays.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Officer Donleavy, read him his rights.
text: Donleavy looks pale, pasty. He stutters a few words. Loses
text: interest. Wanders away across the room.
speaker_heading: MAN ON BED
dialog: (a trifle confused)
dialog: Please, this is my first, I... I've
dialog: never done this before, I'll do
dialog: anything...!
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Sir, listen to me. I understand you're
dialog: not a wealthy man, but in light of
dialog: the damage this arrest will cause
dialog: you, we might be able to make an
dialog: arrangement --
text: Donleavy plops in a chair. Belches. Grins foolishly. The man
text: in bed points to him:
speaker_heading: MAN IN BED
dialog: Is he all right...?
text: THE REMAINING COP is swaying on his feet. Like a tree in a
text: hurricane. Donleavy pukes all over the floor. We CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARREN GREY OFFICE - NIGHT
text: THERE'S THE GIRL. The one in bed moments ago. She and Henessey
text: are dividing a wad of bills.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: We gotta stop using bums.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: (lights a smoke)
dialog: Forget it. They looked like cops. We
dialog: pulled it off, didn't we?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: It was embarrassing.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: You want I should hire actors, for
dialog: Chrissake? These guys are cheap,
dialog: they work for food.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Uh-huh. So, when they puke all over
dialog: you is that, like, a refund?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Trin, I'm pissin' myself over here,
dialog: you're so funny. What's this?
text: He indicates an envelope earmarked for him. Labeled in magic
text: marker: SAMANTHA CAINE.
speaker_heading: TRIN
dialog: New case, honest to God chick with
dialog: amnesia. You want the job?
text: Henessey opens the envelope. Extracts a black and white HEAD
dialog: SHOT of Samantha, says immediately:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Yep. Yep, yep, yep.
text: Stares, mesmerized. Trin peers over his shoulder:
speaker_heading: TRIN
dialog: Wasn't there a lady on TV named
dialog: Samantha? Had a magic nose or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: 'Bewitched', yeah. Good show. Chick
dialog: lived with a faggy guy, then in the
dialog: last season it was a different faggy
dialog: guy. Okay. Here's what we do; get on
dialog: the horn to amnesia chick, tell her
dialog: yes. Then tell her in 1967 she
dialog: promised to give me a blow job. Worth
dialog: a try, right?
scene_heading: EXT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - NIGHT
text: SAMANTHA and HAL bid goodnight to their friends and neighbors.
text: Hal steers her away from a middle-aged teacher.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Christ, guy's all over you like a
dialog: cheap suit.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: That's funny, there's a cheap suit
text: all over him like a cheap suit.
text: She notices EARL sitting in the bushes by the side of the
text: building. He is speaking intently to the gerbil.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Oh, boy. Someone's gotta take my
dialog: father home. I'm plowed.
text: Samantha takes the keys from him. Breathes deeply of the
text: chill night air. Smiling. Surveys the scene... their friends.
dialog: The neighborhood. Sighs:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: This is all I ever wanted.
text: At which point, young Caitlin says:
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: How would you know?
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOT - STATE PRISON - OHIO - NIGHTTIME
text: Switch gears: A grim, grey building. Guarded. Patrolled.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - TELEVISION VIEWING ROOM - EVENING
text: A tired TV set drones to an audience of one. Let's call him
text: ONE-EYED JACK. In fact, let's give him one eye, the other
text: replaced by a PATCH. He smokes cigarettes, stubs them out on
text: the chair's armrest. Throws offhand glances at the TV screen.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (ON T.V.)
dialog: ...So much for the flame-swallowing
text: Santa of Boone County. Meanwhile,
text: KTVA news journeyed to Upper Sandusky,
dialog: where Santa's own *Mrs*. Kringle
text: turned out to celebrate her hubby's
dialog: worldwide tour. After one look at
dialog: her, I'm thinking Santa got what he
dialog: wanted this Christmas.
text: The happy news chatter continues. Jack isn't listening. Jack
text: isn't talking or breathing either. He's simply STARING at
text: the TV screen, jaw slack...
scene_heading: ONE-EYED JACK
dialog: Gotta be fuckin' kidding. No. No
dialog: way. SHIIIT!!
text: He SCREAMS as we CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLANDS - WITH SAMANTHA - DRIVING
dialog: If you had to pick a night to die horribly, you'd be hard
text: pressed to find a nicer one. A country highway. Bathed in
text: moonlight. Crusted with snow. Pontiac Sunbird, wending its
text: way through the wooded slopes.
scene_heading: INT. SUNBIRD - SAME TIME
text: SAMANTHA drives while Earl (the SANTA we saw earlier)
text: reclines, still drunk.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You're married what now, five
dialog: years...?
text: He makes a thumb circle. Jabs his finger in and out of it:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You and Hal, how often you two...?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Stick our fingers in out hands and
dialog: pull them out again? Every chance we
dialog: get. Shut your piehole.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Don't get all snippy...
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Earl, do me a favor. Every few words
dialog: say "hic" and have bubbles come out
dialog: your mouth, okay?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Goddamnit, I'm not drunk. Would a
dialog: drunk man have this much raw talent?
text: He starts playing the Hawaiian nose harp. In Sam's ear, she
text: can't help it, snorts laughter --
text: THE ADULT DEER appears perfectly framed in the Sunbird's
text: headlights. Dead ahead. Sam looks up, face etched in sudden
text: TERROR. *No time to think*. SWERVES, no dice...! BROADSIDES
dialog: the animal --
text: And it comes THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD. All two hundred and
text: fifteen pounds of it. Fucks up their night altogether.
dialog: Actually, it only makes it *halfway* through --
text: But the damn thing is ALIVE. More than alive. KICKING.
text: Thrashing. Squawling with pain and rage. A FLAILING HOOF
text: takes out Earl. Kills him in less than a second. Collapses
text: his skull.
text: Sam rides the wheel, screaming. An antler gouges her chest.
text: Rips. Draws blood. She SWERVES, madly -- Hits the tree doing
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Sam goes airborne. Explodes through the windshield, outward
text: bound. Shower of glass, spritz of blood... And then she's
text: flying. Slow motion, end over end... We lose all SOUND.
text: Silence as she tumbles. Below and behind her, the Sunbird
text: noiselessly ERUPTS. Fireball, sky high --
text: Sam floating. Describes a lazy arc in mid-air... Whoomph-!
text: Disappears into the snow. Swallows her, leaves a silhouette.
text: Around her, trees catch fire. Burn. She lies in her impromptu
text: sarcophagus. Out of sight.
text: THE FLAMING DEER totters from the wreck, thrashing. Scene
text: from a nightmare. Nightmare part two: from the snow, from
text: the human-shaped divot -- arises a woman of blood.
text: She stumbles from the drift. Toward the wreck. And though
text: it's clearly Sam Caine under all that crimson, there's
dialog: something wrong about her *eyes*.
text: En route to the car, she kneels beside the suffering deer,
text: its flesh scorched and torn -- and KILLS it. Puts it away
text: with a sharp CRACK-!ing blow to the head. Stands, eyes
text: squirming with madness...
text: The car's an inferno. Earl is dead. She turns away, wiping
text: blood from her eyes -- Comes face to face with a SNOWMAN.
text: A jolly white fellow. Charcoal briquettes for eyes. She
text: watches, fascinated, as he MELTS in the blast furnace heat --
text: With warning, she *screams*. Crumples to the ground.
text: The snowman's eyes fall out. He melts away and away...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN HOUSE - AKRON, OHIO - TWILIGHT
text: Elsewhere. Tract housing, late-model cars. MITCH HENESSEY
text: delivers a Christmas gift to his nine year-old son TODD: not
dialog: just any gift, the *Midtown Saturn Orbiting Precinct*, with
text: action figures. Henessey points to the box, engrossed:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: ...and here's the jail here, see...?
dialog: Escape chute for the Borian, he's a
dialog: dinosaur guy, Moves quick, don't
dialog: take no shit neither. See, you can
dialog: make him shoot the guard -- ah, hell,
dialog: look, I played with it a little
dialog: myself, I'm sorry.
text: VOICE interrupts them:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
scene_heading: TODD, TIME FOR DINNER. NOW.
text: An awkward pause. Henessey scowls.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Hey, you go ahead, um... hope you
dialog: like the present.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: It's awesome, Dad. Mom, though, she...
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: She gets weird. On my birthday, when
dialog: you gave me the Schwinn... she called
dialog: bicycle stores to see if there'd
dialog: been any robberies.
text: Henessey manages to control his face. Says tightly:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Tell her I don't steal them locally.
text: He watches, forlorn, as his son vanishes inside the house.
text: Christmas lights, blinking feebly. We HEAR, supered:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Ma: Filled out the child support
dialog: stuff last week. Office got pissed,
dialog: under ex-spouse I put "Spawn of Satan,
dialog: Dweller in Eternal Dark." Just being
dialog: honest, Ma, lady wants me to die.
text: As he reaches his car, his BEEPER goes off.
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH - MINUTES LATER
text: Henessey on the phone. Dials. Waits. We HEAR:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY (V.O.)
dialog: I'd go without a ripple, that's the
dialog: truth. Ex-con. Ex-husband. Expired.
dialog: Thanks, Ma, for hiding the truth
dialog: from me for so long. Or maybe you
dialog: believed in me. I miss you. I hope
dialog: you believed, even for a day. No one
dialog: did, Ma. No one at all. It's cold
dialog: here. I'm sorry you're dead. Your
dialog: son, Mitch.
text: The phone picks up. He says:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Me. What's up?
speaker_heading: TRIN (O.S.)
dialog: Mitch, we got a bite on amnesia
dialog: chick's photo. Found a guy remembers
dialog: seeing her, fall of '87. He wants
dialog: cash, should I grease him?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Hell, no! Use your head, girl. Let
dialog: the fucker squeeze the Charmin.
speaker_heading: TRIN
dialog: You kidding? Guy's hideous. I'll do
dialog: it, but we're talking time and a
dialog: half. Plus a night on the town when
dialog: I get back, and *no cockfights this
dialog: time*.
scene_heading: INT. SAMANTHA'S HOSPITAL ROOM - TWO DAYS LATER
text: Samantha, having survived. Laid up now in an austere hospital
text: room. Listening to silence. Stares out the window at a sunlit
text: tree. Head bandaged. Frowns:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I want a cigarette, why do I want a
dialog: cigarette...?
text: Outside, snow slithers... Her eyelids, slowly closing. Slides
text: off the edge of consciousness...
text: IN THE DREAM: She stands on a windswept cliff, before an
text: incongruous FULL-LENGTH MIRROR. Staring at her reflection --
text: it's bleeding from a scalp wound.
text: She probes her head... frowns. Nothing. Nothing but the tiny
text: RIDGED SCAR she's had for as long as she can remember.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: What... what do you want...?
text: The reflection eyes her grimly. Haggard. Tired.
speaker_heading: REFLECTION
dialog: I want a cigarette.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I don't smoke.
speaker_heading: REFLECTION
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: You used to.
text: Samantha is suddenly holding a cigarette. She raises it to
text: her lips. Her reflection MIRRORS her precisely. Except
text: Samantha COUGHS, chokes on the smoke -- While her bloody
text: reflection takes a long, satisfying drag.
speaker_heading: REFLECTION
dialog: Relax, you can drop the act. Nice
dialog: and smooth, take another hit. There
dialog: you go. See how easy it comes back?
text: They are now in perfect synchronicity. Sam inhales easily.
speaker_heading: REFLECTION
dialog: *I'm* coming back. You know that,
dialog: don't you? Name's Charly, by the
dialog: way. You're gonna love me.
text: The reflection grins. There's blood on its TEETH.
scene_heading: INT. SAMANTHA'S HOME - DAY
text: Back at home, business as usual, pre-Christmas. A COMMOTION
text: has arisen: Gingerly, bones still aching, Samantha moves
text: toward the KITCHEN. HAL and CAITLIN trail behind.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Honey, you can't cook, I'm not wrong
dialog: about this.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I'm *remembering*, Hal. Things are
dialog: coming back. Trust me, I'm a chef, I
dialog: know it.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Daddy, make her stop!
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Hush. Go to the garage and get me
dialog: something, anything. A veggie, go,
dialog: man, go! I'm hot to trot.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN/GARAGE - SAME
text: Hal worriedly exits to the garage. Plucks a tomato from the
text: fridge, tosses it to Caitlin, who stands in the door.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Tomato.
text: Caitlin turns, tosses it to Sam --
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Tomato.
text: Who catches it, plops it on the cutting board and proceeds
text: to DICE it to SIMTHEREENS. Razor-thin slices. Knife a blur.
text: Missing her fingers by millimeters, never faltering, like a
dialog: mad mumblety-pegger --
speaker_heading: HAL
text: Onion, flying in.
text: Sam catches it. Knife flurries. Pieces, flying up.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
text: More. Faster.
text: And it becomes a bucket brigade. Hal heaves veggies to Caitlin
text: who spins and relays to Mom who slices, dices, purees, and
text: even makes curly fries. Veggies, incoming. HAL starts to
text: lose it, starts lobbing them at Caitlin, one after another,
text: she giggles, starts throwing them overhand --
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Tomato. Tomato. Tomato.
text: And now it's a food fight, PELTING Mom, and the floor is
text: COVERED with food as Hal stumbles in laughing, scoops up
dialog: Caitlin --
text: Samantha shakes her head, grinning, dices to pieces a last,
text: lovely radish. Ends with a flourish, TA-DAH-! Doesn't think:
text: Flips the knife point up on ONE FINGER. Tips it for balance.
text: Lobs a tomato. Slings the knife without looking, pins it to
dialog: the wall, KA-CHUK--!
text: Everyone goes silent. The knife, quivering. Caitlin and Hal
text: turn as one, gaping at her. She shrugs numbly. Blinks.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Uh... chefs do that.
scene_heading: INT. BOILER ROOM - DAY OR NIGHT, IMPOSSIBLE TO TELL
text: Underground. Water GURGLES through overhead pipes. Furnaces
text: hum and tick in the sweaty gloom.
text: A SHIRTLESS MAN is tied to a chair. Weeping. Before him,
text: what looks like a young GQ model. Blonde. Gorgeous. Impeccably
text: attired. For the record, TIMOTHY. He looks his captive in
text: the eye as the guy blubbers:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Please, man... I don't know why you
dialog: gotta kill me... But use the gun,
dialog: not the knife. Please. As a fucking
dialog: favor, I'm begging you...
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: It'll be over soon.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Jesus, man... I... I'm scared of the
dialog: knife... Shit, I can't handle getting
dialog: shots at the doctors, man, PLEASE...!
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Last chance. What do you know about
dialog: a town called Santa Claus?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What is this, *what the fuck is
dialog: this*?? I'm FBI, for Chrissake, you
dialog: can't do this to me. I don't know
text: ANYTHING.
text: Timothy stares him full in the face, eyes narrowed... as
text: though seeing into his brain. He nods, satisfied.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: No. You don't.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can always tell, you know... If
dialog: someone's lying to me. A little skill
dialog: of mine, something to trot out at
dialog: parties.
text: He slams home the knife. We don't see it, but we FEEL the
text: impact. The FBI man's face contorts in SHOCK. Twisted. Inches
text: away from Timothy, their eyes lock...
text: A CELLULAR PHONE BEEPS. Timothy reacts, annoyed. Plucks it
text: from his belt and flips it open:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Timothy.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Message from Mr. Daedalus.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: I'm listening.
text: He shrugs at his captive. Rolls his eyes. The guy's still
text: dying, still on the KNIFE.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: He says he's sorry, but he needs you
text: right away. Something's come up.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Nix. I'm just finishing up here.
dialog: Then I'm going bunjee jumping.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: He's aware of your weekend plans,
text: and he apologizes.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: All right, what's so fucking
dialog: important?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Your old colleague, One-Eyed Jack...?
text: Recently escaped from a high-security
dialog: prison, as you're aware. But listen
dialog: to this: prior to his escape, seems
dialog: he saw something on TV that disturbed
text: him. So much he had to be sedated.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: I saw it, too. It's called "Empty
dialog: Nest." How the fuck is it my business?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
text: The man was overheard talking to
text: himself under sedation.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He said Charly Baltimore's alive,
dialog: sir.
text: Timothy is silent.
speaker_heading: SUIT
dialog: I know it's incredible, sir, but...
dialog: if she were alive, I'm thinking she
dialog: might be in contact with the old man
dialog: in Pennsylvania. Should I --
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Tap his phone, yes. And tell Daedalus
dialog: I'm on my way. Timothy out.
text: He clicks off, face troubled. Withdraws the knife. Checks
text: his clothing. Not one speck of blood.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET - CHECKOUT STAND - AFTERNOON
text: A CARTON OF MARLBORO REDS hits the stack of groceries. HAL
text: looks at his wife, bewildered.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: They were on sale.
text: At the next register over, a duo of Canadians throw looks
text: her way. Confer in rapid-fire French, subtitled for us:
speaker_heading: CANADIAN #1
dialog: Ooh, j'aimerais la baiser. (Subtitle:
dialog: I'd like to fuck her.)
text: The checker looks up, smiles:
speaker_heading: CHECKER
dialog: Don't you love hearing people speak
dialog: French?
speaker_heading: CANADIAN #2
dialog: Oui, j'veux etirer celle-la autour
dialog: d'une chaise. Comme je le vois, une
dialog: femme c'est comme Gumby avec des
dialog: seins. (Subtitle: I'll stretch her
text: over a chair, women are merely Gumbys
dialog: with tits.)
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Beautiful language.
text: He turns to Samantha -- except Sam isn't there. Her arm shoots
text: out-! CLAMPS on one of the men. By the throat. Catches him
text: like a fucking VICE. Her voice a sibilant hiss:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: *Allez, Gumby etiriait le cou, fils
dialog: de pute*.
text: Subtitle: "Gumby's gonna stretch your neck, motherfucker."
text: Accent flawless. Eyes like steel. The man will go on to start
text: a profitable construction business with the bricks he shits.
speaker_heading: SLAM CUT TO:
scene_heading: SAMANTHA - ON THE PHONE TO HER SHRINK - INTERCUT
dialog: Jubilant, can't contain herself:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I speak French.
speaker_heading: PSYCHIATRIST
dialog: You do.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: You bet your life, fluent French,
dialog: whatever the fuck that means.
dialog: (chortles)
dialog: Quand j'étais a l'ecole, Jai eu un
dialog: professeur qui s'est fabriqué du
dialog: dentifrice!
speaker_heading: PSYCHIATRIST
dialog: You just said when you were in school,
dialog: your teacher was made of toothpaste.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Right, he was, you got a problem
dialog: with that? Pasty Joe, we called him.
dialog: Look, the accent's perfect, so piss
scene_heading: off. I'M A FRENCH CHEF, YA-HOO.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAY
text: Samantha and daughter CAITLIN sing a hearty chorus of "Frere
text: Jaques." Sam giggles , Caitlin looks nervous; astride her
text: new two-wheeler BICYCLE while Sam finishes removing the
text: training wheels. Caitlin points to her stuffed TEDDY BEAR.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Put Perkins in the basket. He's luck.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
text: Mr. Perkins, going in the basket.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Are the training wheels off?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Just pretend they're still there.
dialog: Piece of cake. You can do it.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Wait...! I'm scared.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Shhh. Nothing to be scared of. Pretend
dialog: you're one of the X-men, you're tough.
dialog: Let's go, now. Three, two, one...
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Mom, I can't do it, swear --
text: Samantha sets her sailing. Laughs excitedly. The bike weaves,
text: side to side... hits the curb and topples with a CRASH. Spills
text: Caitlin to the pavement. Now's she's CRYING.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Ouch--! I can't do it, it HURTS-!
text: Samantha walks over briskly. Face set in determined lines.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Nonsense. You can do it. You don't
dialog: want to, but you can.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: My arm hurts, please take me home...!
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: You can go home, Caitlin. You can
dialog: ride there.
text: An unpleasant note is edging into her voice. The louder the
text: kid cries, the more Samantha starts to SIMMER.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Mom, no...!
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Look, I know you're afraid, that's
dialog: the whole *point*, can you see that?
dialog: Now stop being a little baby and get
dialog: on the damn bike.
text: She hoists her onto the seat. Caitlin cries and hollers.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: You gonna be afraid of things all
dialog: your life? Huh? That what you want?
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: My wrist hurts...!
text: *Snap*. Something lets go. Suddenly Samantha's right in her
dialog: face:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Life is pain. Get used to it. See,
dialog: you *will* ride this bike home,
dialog: princess. You will ride it and you
dialog: will not fall again, *is that
dialog: understood*...?
text: Eyes cold and lifeless. She is not herself. CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SAMANTHA'S HOUSE - TWILIGHT
text: CAITLIN huddles on the steps, itching at her brand new WRIST
text: CAST. Eavesdropping on her parents. In the kitchen a counter-
text: top TV is on, the Three Stooges. Samantha is on the phone,
dialog: saying:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Yes, I'm three blocks past the gas
dialog: station... Right. Thank you Mr.
dialog: Henessey, I'll see you shortly.
text: She hangs up as HAL ENTERS behind her... She doesn't turn
text: around. Samples the topping of a cream pie. Stares at the
text: linoleum floor. He regards her with angry, vindictive eyes:
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: She rode all the way home. She didn't
text: fall, not once. She didn't cry.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're good. You should work with
dialog: kids, you know that?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: She said her wrist hurt. I didn't
dialog: know it was broken, God. I can't
dialog: even remember what I said to her...!
text: Hal takes a breath, composes himself.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: We can still make six o'clock mass,
dialog: you coming?
text: Sam surveys her perfect kitchen. Runs her hand over a hanging
text: pot. Looks sadly at her husband. Whispers:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
text: A private detective's coming by,
dialog: he... he's found something.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I may have to go away. For a bit.
dialog: Now please leave me alone.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Go away. With a detective. Jesus,
dialog: it's the holidays, Sam --
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Are you deaf? I said leave me alone.
dialog: Go to church. Drink blood. Drink
dialog: some for me.
text: They stand in tableau. An electric silence... Broken quite
text: suddenly by the sound of SINGING. CHRISTMAS CAROLERS. Outside
text: the front door. The sweet strains of "God Rest Ye Merry,
text: Gentlemen" wafts in through the window.
dialog: Except the sweet strains ain't so sweet. These carolers are
text: TERRIBLE. Missing by a country octave. Sam and Hal look at
dialog: each other, what the hell...?
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRONT PORCH - JUST OUTSIDE THE DOOR - NIGHT
text: THE CAROLERS continue their interesting rendition. Snowflakes
text: fall. All is quiet. All is bright. Especially bright is the
text: SHOTGUN BARREL pressed to the throat of the lead soprano. HE-
text: 109. Over and under combo. Shotgun on top. HE cannon on
dialog: bottom. You'd sing shitty too.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - SAME
text: Samantha hurries to the door. Carrying a bowl of festive
text: M&amp;M's. Just as she gets to the door, the singing STOPS.
text: Footfalls running away, that's odd... She opens the door.
text: Carolers, gone. She's eye to eye with ONE-EYED JACK.
scene_heading: ONE-EYED JACK
dialog: Evening Charly. Long time.
text: He swings the big GUN. Slams the barrel into her. Glass
text: shatters, M&amp;M's everywhere. She gapes at him, dumbstruck,
dialog: unable to THINK... Hurry it up, lady, we need a decision,
dialog: live or *die* --
text: SHE GRABS THE GUN BARREL. Wrenches the gun...! On the steps
text: CAITLIN howls, eyes like saucers --
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Mommy...!
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: GET OUUTTTTT!!!!
text: Sam's cry is a veritable shriek. HAL LAUNCHES himself from
text: the kitchen doorway. Pounces on Jack, snarling -- brave,
text: useless. For his trouble, gets three broken ribs and a trip
text: to the fireplace, airborne. Comes down. Catches fire. ROLLS,
dialog: over and over on broken ribs --
text: JACK kicks Samantha in the gut. She collapses onto the stairs.
text: Splinters the banister. That's when he sees CAITLIN. Top of
text: the stairs, paralyzed.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: NO!!!!
text: Jack is already moving forward. SPIN-COCKS the shotgun, draws
text: a bead -- Promptly slips on festive M&amp;M's. Goes down. Gun
text: goes off, WHAM-! A flat concussion. The banister EXPLODES. A
text: storm of wood chips, as SAMANTHA surges up the stairs, toward
dialog: her daughter --
text: JACK. On the ground. Fires, *wham*--! The wall DISAPPEARS
text: three inches from Caitlin's head. Blown to shreds, you can
text: see outdoors. Samantha doesn't miss a beat. Grabs her daughter --
text: flings her OUTSIDE. Through the hole in the wall. Takes her
text: by the belt and fucking HURLS her out into space...!
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE OF HOUSE - SAME TIME
text: Two stories up. The kid is ejected, flailing. Floats in SLOW
text: MOTION. Across a ten foot gap -- INTO THE TREEHOUSE. Sails
text: head over heels into the place. Hits with a CRASH. Alive and
text: unhurt.
text: BACK INSIDE THE HOUSE
text: Samantha didn't even look. Didn't need to. Here comes JACK.
text: Up the staircase. Reloading. Samantha launches herself down
text: the stairs. COLLIDES, head on -- Down they go. Jack, rolls
text: to his feet. Propels her into the KITCHEN.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME
text: She hits, spray of cat food. SKIDS. Across the linoleum,
text: slams to a stop. Hard. Cupboard pops open, out comes the
text: IRONING BOARD. Falls into place, SNAP--!
text: A GUN BLAST disintegrates it. Reveals Sam, cowering behind.
scene_heading: ONE-EYED JACK
dialog: I want my eye back, bitch.
text: Samantha struggles to her feet. Dazed. Jack abandons the
text: shotgun. Takes the IRON down from its spot on the shelf --
text: Slams it against her head.
scene_heading: ONE-EYED JACK
dialog: Goddamn you. Fight me. What's wrong
dialog: with you, *fight* me!
text: CLOSE ON TV: Stooge Joe Besser mugs wildly, takes a pie in
text: the face.
text: Jack raises his arm for the killing stroke -- Samantha takes
text: Hal's cream pie from the counter and shatters every bone in
text: his face.
text: Comes from nowhere. Back foot planted, body twisting, entire
text: organism focused into the outstretched arm, WHACK-! We have
text: never seen anyone move this fast. Samantha RECOILS. Startled
dialog: by what she's done --
text: The glass dish is SPLINTERED into his head. It STICKS there.
text: He topples. Hits the linoleum. She straddles him, breathing
text: hard. Winded.
text: The barking dog "Jingle Bells" plays inanely in the
text: background. Samantha stares. Trembling. Pokes the body.
text: Nothing. Pokes it again. Still nothing. She leans forward.
text: Grips the neck and wrenches, CRACK-! Just making sure.
text: She out of it. In shock. Glaring at her own hands as if
text: demanding an excuse for their behavior. There is pie filling
text: on her fingers. She kneels beside the corpse, catatonic.
text: Stares. Absent-mindedly licks the bloodied cream.
text: HAL is standing in the doorway. Wide-eyed. He has seen
text: Samantha break the man's neck. She looks at him, frowns.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: It took me three seconds. That's...
dialog: that's good, huh...?
text: He stares, dumbstruck. She blinks. *Snaps out of it*.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Caitlin. We gotta find Caitlin.
text: She gets up. We RUN with her to the front door -- she flings
text: it open and collides with MITCHELL HENESSEY. Private dick.
text: Runs right into him.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Hey--! Slow down. The kid's okay,
dialog: she's in my car, what the hell is
dialog: going on?
text: Henessey spins, as FOUR POLICE CRUISERS pull up. Vomit up a
text: bevy of COPS, swarming toward the house. He spins back to
text: Samantha -- As she collapses to the floor.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
text: Pause. FADE IN. Super the legend: ONE WEEK LATER.
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING - SAMANTHA'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Early morning quiet. HENESSEY and SAMANTHA are throwing
text: suitcases into the back of his battered Chrysler.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - LATER - EVERYTHING'S PACKED
text: Sam's looked better. Kneels beside Caitlin, says softly:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: That man who tried to hurt us...? If
dialog: I stay here... other people will
dialog: come. I have to leave. Just for a
dialog: little while.
text: Caitlin looks at the floor. Doesn't respond. Samantha reaches
text: in a cupboard. Produces a box of CANDLES. Lights a match,
text: touches flame to one of them.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I want you to light a candle and
dialog: keep it in the kitchen window. And
dialog: never, *ever* let it go out, because
dialog: as long as it burns...? It means
dialog: you're thinking of me. And if I'm
dialog: alone... if it's dark and I'm lost...
dialog: It's how I'll find my way home.
text: She touches Caitlin's wrist cast. Pain in her features. She
text: grabs a marker pen and writes a TELEPHONE NUMBER on it.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: That's for a portable phone. I keep
dialog: it with me, you call me anytime, you
dialog: don't worry about the bill. And last
dialog: but not least --
text: She reaches behind her head. Unhooks the KEY, the one she
text: wears around her neck.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: For luck.
text: Slips it over her daughter's head. Looks up at HAL, eyes
text: brimming. He whispers:
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: No matter what you find, I'm not
dialog: scared. Not of you. Not ever...
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS: EXT. SUBURBAN TOWN
text: As it fades behind Henessey's Chrysler. Leaving behind porch-
text: bound elders, dimestore clerks. Grinning children, hair like
text: spun straw. All fading... DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HENESSEY'S PLYMOUTH - THE OPEN ROAD - DAY
text: Henessey sings with the radio. Loudly. He's got the lyrics
dialog: wrong: "I'm not talking 'bout the linen... And I don't wanna
dialog: change your life..."
text: Samantha endures as much as she can. Speaks up:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: "Movin' in."
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Hah?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: It's not linen. The song's not about
dialog: linen.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Whatever. You cold?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: (shivers)
dialog: I'm freezing.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Turn on the heater. It doesn't work,
dialog: but it makes a very annoying noise
text: which distracts from the cold.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I'll pass.
dialog: (clears her throat)
dialog: So, you're a former cop. Atlanta,
dialog: was it...? Stop me if I'm out of
dialog: line, but I'm curious. How did you...
dialog: well, succeed? I mean, where six
dialog: other detectives failed?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: You kidding? Pure luck. Plus my
text: secretary used her feminine wiles.
dialog: She's got two, one wile per side.
dialog: Huge. No kidding, you can see 'em
dialog: coming around a corner, you got time
dialog: to comb your hair. Nice kid, you'd
dialog: dig her.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Ah. Here we are.
scene_heading: EXT. STORAGE RENTAL PLACE - DAY
text: As they clamber from the car, Henessey shoves his sunglasses
text: into his sportcoat. SINGS:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Putting my glasses in my cooooat..."
text: Samantha looks at him like he's sprouted wings.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: I sing what I do so I'll remember
dialog: it. "Turning off the downstairs
dialog: liiiight..." You know?
text: Samantha smiles thinly. The man's a lunatic.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE FACILITY - DAY
text: An old, walrus-mustached IRISHMAN ushers them down a concrete
text: hallway. The old man hangs back with Henessey. Whispers:
speaker_heading: WALRUS MAN
dialog: The elder Trelawney rented to her in
dialog: '87, aye. Ne'er could bring himself
dialog: to dispose of her things. I'faith,
dialog: she's welcome to whatsoe'er she
dialog: wishes, for ne'er has trod these
dialog: walls a lass so easy on the eye,
dialog: divil take me if I'm lyin'.
text: Henessey lights a cigarette, says:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Do me a favor. Say, "Always after me
dialog: Lucky Charms."
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: "Always after me Lucky Charms."
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Thanks. Just needed to hear that.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Drab, musty. Filled with disused tables, lamps, farm
text: implements... Jimmy Hoffa watches TV in the corner.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: See anything you recognize?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Yeah, this dirt used to be outside
dialog: my window, shut up and let me look.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Henessey, I'm a little
text: on edge.
text: She pauses. Surveys the musty compartment, faraway look in
text: her eye... says softly:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
text: I can feel her. Like a ghost.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We could walk away, you know. There's
dialog: still time, we could just... leave
dialog: her dead.
text: She hefts a SUITCASE onto a bench. OPENS it -- Draws a sharp
dialog: breath:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Ay-i-yi!
dialog: Clothes to kill for. Smooth velvet. Creamy silk. The finest,
text: the best. The sexiest. Sam peeks at the tags:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Size four, no way. You know how long
dialog: it's been since I could wear a size
dialog: four?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can't be mine. Can they...?
text: She checks the case for INITIALS -- C.E.B. Who...?
text: Henessey grunts. In his book, well dressed is clean underwear.
text: Holds up a small manila envelope.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
text: Unmailed envelope. Addressed to a
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: What's in it?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
text: Another guy's address. Two addresses,
dialog: is basically what I'm saying.
text: Meanwhile, her hands, still pawing through the suitcase... A
text: SHAPE. She feels it. At the bottom of the case. Lifts up the
text: mound of fabric -- HKM-40 sniper rifle. Disassembled. Sam
text: looks like she just took a stomach punch.
text: Up until now, it could've been adrenaline. She could still
dialog: be just a schoolteacher. A rifle, that changes everything.
text: She plunks the clothing back in place. Hides it.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Anything else in there?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Hmm...? Uh, no. Just... more clothes.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Yeah, well take a look at this.
text: He holds up the envelope: addresses to one *Nathan Windeman*.
text: Fishes in his coat, brings out Samantha's CHECK. Written to
text: him, earlier that day... identical handwriting. CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COLONIAL STYLE HOME - LATE AFTERNOON
text: NATHAN WINDEMAN is in a bad mood. A frail-looking man, mid-
text: seventies. Tiredly spooning a bowl of soup. His sister ALICE
text: watches TV nearby. In her lap, a Pomeranian cleans itself.
dialog: Windeman scowls:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Alice, please...?
text: Alice stares at him. Uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Your dog, Alice. It and my appetite
dialog: are mutually exclusive.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What's wrong with the dog?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: It's simple. He's been licking his
dialog: asshole for three straight hours. I
dialog: submit to you that there's nothing
dialog: there worth more than an hour's
dialog: attention, and I should think whatever
text: he's attempting to dislodge is either
dialog: gone for good or there to stay.
dialog: *Wouldn't you agree*?
text: Theatrical? Nah. The old bat scoops up her pooch and beats
text: feet for the door. THE PHONE RINGS. Nathan snatches it up:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Hello?
text: The voice is soft. Controlled:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA (O.S.)
dialog: Hello, Mr. Windeman, I got this number
dialog: from a realtor in Pennsylvania. I'd
dialog: like to speak with you.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Who... who is this?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: You tell me, Mr. Windeman.
text: Nathan pales. Blinks once. Twice. Manages:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: ...Charly...?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA (O.S.)
dialog: My full name, please.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: God, it really is you...!? Chapter,
dialog: they think you're dead, *everyone*
dialog: thinks --
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: *My full name*. Please...!
text: A pause. Then:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You don't know your name.
text: He chews his lower lip, mind racing. Jesus, no joke, this is
text: *her*... He fights to control his voice:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Your full name... is Charlene
dialog: Elizabeth Baltimore.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE VAN - SAME TIME
text: A MAN in shirtsleeves flips a switch. Speaks into a headset:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Signal Daedalus. We just got her,
text: she made contact. Initiating phone
dialog: trace.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - BACK WITH NATHAN
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Charly, don't talk, just listen: We
dialog: have to meet, understand? We have to
dialog: meet *right away*.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA (O.S.)
dialog: Meet me off I-79. Highmile exit,
text: Salt &amp; Pepper Lounge. Eleven a.m.
text: She hangs up. Nathan stares, trembling. Turns to ALICE,
text: standing in the doorway. Swallows hard, says:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: A former student... is in trouble.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT BATHROOM - WITH CHARLY
text: She hangs up the telephone in the ladies' room. Stands, alone
text: in the stillness. Hands to her head, mind churning...
text: Turns, checks to make sure the door is locked. Props her
text: SUITCASE on the sink and opens it. Flips back the mound of
dialog: clothing --
text: And there it is. The pieces, disassembled, of an M-40 sniper
text: rifle. Her trembling hands find the parts, seemingly of their
text: own volition... Hefting them. Gauging their feel. And then,
dialog: slowly... terrifyingly...
text: Knowing how they go together. She SNAPS the barrel in place,
text: *click*-! The sound breaks her reverie. She drops the thing
text: like it's alive. Looks down, trembling...
text: ALSO in the case: a wicked looking HUNTING KNIFE. She picks
text: it up gingerly. Shiny, brand new. Turns it over in her hand,
text: fascinated by the play of light off the blade...
text: Looks up. Her REFLECTION, in the mirror. Staring back. She
text: frowns -- It frowns. She turns away --
text: THE REFLECTION DOESN'T. It stays right fucking put, except
text: now it's *smiling*. Malignant. Deadly. Sam feels something
text: wrong. Spins back toward the mirror --
text: Her reflected arm comes through the looking glass. Reaches
text: into Sam's world and SLICES FOR HER THROAT.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DRIVING - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Samantha JERKS, comes awake in the passenger seat of
text: Henessey's Plymouth. Bad dream. Looks over to see if he
text: noticed -- he's honking his horn at a TRAFFIC JAM. Sea of
text: taillights, dead ahead.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: What's this? What the hell is this...?
dialog: We don't have time for this, of all
dialog: the cocksucking bullshit --
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Whoa. Ms. Class, drive a little truck
dialog: on the side, do you?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: What are you, a Mormon?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: No, ma'am, it's just that... well,
dialog: when we met you're all, "Oh, fooey,
dialog: I burned the darn cupcakes." Now,
dialog: you go into a bar, ten minutes later
dialog: sailors come running out, they can't
dialog: take it.
text: Just then, THREE POLICE CRUISERS blow by, sirens screaming.
text: Henessey frowns, puzzled.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: What the hell...? Lemme check the
text: scanner.
text: He switches on a police band radio. Listens, hears:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: ...without endangering the hostages,
dialog: over... ...Roger that two-niner. PCP
dialog: confirmed, he's on a fuse, please
dialog: provide backup, over... ...Conneaut,
dialog: I'm waiting on Special Weapons, sorry,
dialog: over...
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE DINER - CONNEAUT LAKE, PA. - SAME
text: POLICE FLASHERS, spinning. Cop cars, incoming. SLAMMING to a
text: halt. Disgorging uniformed cops. THE DINER is rapidly
text: surrounded. Its a cheery decor, the giant roofbound Santa,
text: all in stark contrast -- To the SCREAMING we hear, dimly,
dialog: from within.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - SAME
text: Hostage drama, unfolding. The perp's a big ugly meatloaf
text: with his mitts on a waitress. She's sixteen, she's a baby.
text: She's sucking the barrel of his shotgun. His finger on the
text: trigger. From outside, we hear the COPS:
speaker_heading: COP VOICE (O.S.)
text: GIVE YOURSELF UP AT ONCE. LEAVE THE
text: BUILDING, HANDS ON HEAD. DROP THE
scene_heading: WEAPON, REPEAT, DROP THE WEAPON.
text: Mr. Shotgun snorts laughter. Does a little dance, yells:
speaker_heading: MR. SHOTGUN
dialog: I'm the man! I'm the man! I elicit
dialog: the explicit!
scene_heading: EXT. DINER - SAME TIME
text: The police are just starting to re-route traffic. A highway
text: cop signals to HENESSEY, "Turn around, go back."
scene_heading: INT. CAR - SAME TIME
text: Henessey swears. Swings wide, when suddenly a HAND clutches
text: his arm. He looks over and suppresses a shiver -- Samantha's
text: eyes have gone dead and cold. She lights a cigarette, shakes
dialog: out the match and says:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Go up this hill.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: *Drive up the fucking hill*.
text: Now Henessey shivers. Cranks the wheel as we CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - OVERLOOKING TOWN - NIGHT
text: SAMANTHA flops on the frozen ground in a stand of pine trees.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Where the shit did you get that?
text: No answer. She deftly assembles the SNIPER RIFLE. Rests the
text: rifle barrel on a dead branch. Flicks on the starlight scope.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Sam, Goddammit, you're gonna kill
dialog: someone! Hey!
text: She ignores him. Focuses through the scope. POV SAMANTHA:
text: Framed in spectral GREEN, the diner's interior. Hostages.
text: Crying mothers. Children, catatonic.
text: Through a tiny window -- a limited view of the KITCHEN. He's
text: in there. Girl, eating both barrels. Samantha's jaw tightens.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: The diner...? That's half a mile
dialog: away, are you fucking crazy?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
text: HK M-40 assault rifle. At three
text: hundred yards, vertical drop six
dialog: inches.
text: Mr. Shotgun leans in. WHISPERS something to the waitress.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Shit. He's gonna do the girl.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: How the fuck can you tell?
text: She steadies the rifle. Takes aim.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I read lips.
text: She fires. Splintered CRACK-!
scene_heading: INT. DINER
text: Mr. Shotgun dies on his feet. Outgoing matter. Flung.
text: Spattered on the grill where it sizzles along with burnt
text: hamburger. He drops. Screams. Pandemonium.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - MOMENTS LATER
text: Samantha slams the trunk of the Chrysler. Gets in the
text: passenger side without a word. Henessey pulls away.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DRIVING - SAME
text: Samantha stares straight ahead. Gives a high, brittle laugh.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: See? Took care of it. Knew I could.
text: She laughs again. Henessey favors her with a look reserved
dialog: for people with major deformities. Suddenly she says:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Pull over.
text: He stops the car. She gets out. Stumbles across the shoulder.
text: Kneels. Throws up. Henessey watches. Lights a smoke with
text: trembling hands.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Had to, he... he would've killed
dialog: her... Had to... Oh God I took him,
dialog: such a good shot... I felt proud of
dialog: it, such a shot, Jesus, *how could I
dialog: be proud*...?
dialog: (sobs)
dialog: I'm scared... I want to go home...
text: Henessey kneels beside her awkwardly. She clutches his
text: shoulder. Presses her head to his chest. Cries.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WHITE HOUSE - ESTABLISHING - NIGHT
text: Yes, it certainly is. CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION BRIEFING ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Three stories below the White House proper. THE PRESIDENT is
text: seated in his robe and slippers. Before him sits a panel of
dialog: three: National Security Adviser; Deputy Director of the
text: CIA; and ANOTHER MAN in his sixties, sporting a distinguished
text: mane of silver hair. The President addresses him:
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: *Mister Perkins*.
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: Please, say it again, I'm a little
dialog: slow. Better yet, I'll try it. You
dialog: lost an operative, a trained
dialog: counterassassin, and you just saw
text: her on TV in a Christmas parade.
text: The silver-haired man appears unperturbed. And no, by the
dialog: way, it didn't escape us that he shares his surname with
text: Caitlin's TEDDY BEAR, the one Mom named -- He nods, says:
scene_heading: SILVER-HAIRED MAN
dialog: On TV, that's correct. It's two weeks
dialog: old, intelligence just caught it.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: You recruited this woman in the late
dialog: seventies?
scene_heading: SILVER-HAIRED MAN
dialog: For Chapter, yes. I was a friend of
dialog: her father's, you see, and... I took
dialog: her in.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Well, it looks like she returned the
dialog: favor, now doesn't it?
dialog: (throws up his hands)
dialog: Unbelievable. You people, you dump
dialog: this on me, then next week you're
dialog: screaming, "Where's our funding?"
dialog: Shit. I'll tell you where it is, can
dialog: you say health care?
dialog: The head of the CIA pipes up:
speaker_heading: CIA DIRECTOR
dialog: Mr. President, please calm down. The
dialog: CIA bears no responsibility for this
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Thanks for sharing, Kent. How many
dialog: double agents you got on the payroll,
dialog: last count...?
speaker_heading: CIA DIRECTOR
dialog: Sir! That controversy has been
dialog: thoroughly dealt with, and if there
dialog: still exists a leak, perhaps this...
dialog: woman agent of his --
scene_heading: SILVER-HAIRED MAN
dialog: If I may, sir, Colonel Baltimore
dialog: hasn't had classified access since
dialog: 1987.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But thank you, Kent, for trying to
dialog: fuck me in the ass.
text: He directs his baleful gaze at the President. Lights a pipe.
scene_heading: SILVER-HAIRED MAN
dialog: I'm afraid rooting out double agents
dialog: may have to wait. The primary threat
dialog: is the woman. Her specialty is
dialog: counterassassination, a horseshit
dialog: turn of phrase which implies the
dialog: other fellow shot first, but in point
dialog: of fact she's a takeout artist of
dialog: the first order. Nearly disposed of
dialog: our friend the Beard down in Cuba a
dialog: few years back. Specializes in long
text: rifles, accurate to a mile and a
text: half. Presumed dead; now, after eight
dialog: years, back in the field, agenda
text: unknown. She knows enough to hurt
dialog: us. I'm frightened. Understand?
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Yes, yes. I believe you. Just one
dialog: question:
dialog: (beat)
dialog: *What in pluperfect hell is she doing
dialog: in a Christmas parade*???
scene_heading: INT. ROADSIDE GAS STATION - NIGHTTIME
text: Henessey is on the phone to his ex-wife. Glowering.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Aw, cut me a break, Fran. I been out
dialog: eight months, I'm back doing skip
dialog: traces, now you got me stealing
dialog: fuckin' bicycles?
speaker_heading: EX-WIFE (O.S.)
dialog: I don't want you around Todd, hear
dialog: me? Shrink told me what those men
dialog: did to you in prison. This is a
dialog: Christian household, my son's not
dialog: gonna develop any... tendencies.
dialog: Understand?
text: For a moment her ignorance is so stunning he's speechless.
text: Then he slams down the phone. Cracks it. Returns to the pumps,
text: where SAMANTHA leans against his car, still dazed. Looks up
dialog: at him, says:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I still can't believe it. You're
dialog: saying my hands didn't even shake...?
text: Henessey doesn't look at her. Puts the nozzle back in the
text: pump. Crosses to the driver side without a word.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: What's the matter with you?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: You. You're the matter. Look, you
dialog: wanna keep going, good luck. I'm
dialog: driving back to Ohio. You're free to
dialog: come with me.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: What... what are you telling me?
text: He gets into the car. Starts the engine. Samantha reacts,
text: distraught. Leans in, kills the ignition. Pulls him out of
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Goddammit, lady, I'm taking you
dialog: *home*.
text: She slaps him. HARD. He falls back, stunned.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I'll spell it out for you, ready? I
dialog: have no future, *I can't go home*.
dialog: Until I know what's happening, I'm
dialog: in *prison*, you know how that
dialog: feels...?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Yeah, matter of fact. Four years
dialog: inside. Marion, Illinois, real
dialog: shithole. Get in the car.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: (clears her throat)
dialog: Um... what did you...?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Seven years ago, Atlanta PD. Me and
dialog: my partner, we handled a lot of
dialog: impounded shit. Fucker hated me,
dialog: boy. One weekend, when he was
dialog: conveniently gone...? Some bearer
text: bonds disappeared from his office.
dialog: And lo and behold, when the police
dialog: responded to an anonymous tip, you'll
dialog: never guess what just happened to be
dialog: sitting in my closet.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: The bonds. Your partner put them
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Hell no, I did, I stole the fucking
dialog: things.
text: He serious. Samantha frowns, a little thrown -- Then she
text: snorts, loses it. They both lean against his Chrysler.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Now every dollar I hand my kid, he
dialog: asks his mother did I steal it.
text: He smiles ruefully. Spits. A pause, then:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: No more killing.
text: Samantha's voice is cool and level:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: No more killing.
text: She blows her nose.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: It was a helluva shot, wasn't it..."
scene_heading: DISSOLVES TO:
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING - SALT &amp; PEPPER LOUNGE - MORNING
text: A gunmetal grey sky looms overhead. The aforementioned LOUNGE
text: is a faded old roadhouse, gravel parking lot strewn with mud-
dialog: covered trucks. The kind that get a man laid in these parts.
text: HENESSEY'S PLYMOUTH pulls into the lot, rolls to a halt.
dialog: He'll never get any.
scene_heading: INT. SALT &amp; PEPPER LOUNGE - DAY
text: Honky-tonk. SAMANTHA and HENESSEY enter, blinking in the
text: dimness. Around them, drunk mid-day cowboys. Stringy-haired
text: girls in their ample laps. SAMANTHA consults her watch:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Quarter til. Any time now.
text: They sit at the counter. Henessey flags the bartender. Signals
text: for a beer. Lights a cigarette, blows smoke:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Nice crowd.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: You're just jealous of their
dialog: girlfriends.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Who wouldn't be? Corner booth, there's
dialog: a beaut. While you're doing her doggie-
dialog: style you can pop the zits on her
dialog: back.
text: Samantha shoots him a look. ON A TV above the bar, a British-
text: sounding CNN announcer is saying:
speaker_heading: CNN COMMENTATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Violence in Northern Ireland continues
dialog: today, despite a plea by British
dialog: prime minister John Major --
text: Samantha sits up straight. Draws a sharp breath. He shoots
text: her a questioning look --
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I just... got a flash of something,
dialog: I...
dialog: (blinks)
dialog: I hurt my father.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Whoa. You remember your father?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: No... that's what's strange.
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: If I saw him on the street, I... I
dialog: wouldn't... oh.
text: She rubs her eyes. Her voice breaks. She's utterly miserable.
text: Henessey leans in, says softly:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Ms. Caine, last week at a party I
dialog: ran into a girl I knew from college
dialog: and we chatted for a few minutes.
dialog: And it wasn't til I was driving home
dialog: on the freeway that I remembered
dialog: that I'd screwed her in the back of
text: a car once.
dialog: (beat)
text: Everyone forgets.
text: He pats her arm. Smiles reassuringly. A pause. She stares.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: That's it? That's your helpful story?
dialog: Jesus Christ!
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: No, see, all's I'm saying is you're
dialog: not alone.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Oh, shut up.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Fine. I gotta use the head.
text: He stands, heads off. Samantha nervously lights a cigarette.
text: The bartender suddenly puts a BEER in front of her. She
text: reaches for her purse. He waves it away, points beside her.
text: She turns...
text: The assassin called TIMOTHY sits down two stools away.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: For you. Another in a long line of
dialog: bad investments.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Just saw the ring on your finger.
text: He reveals a surprisingly WINNING smile, says:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Do I know you from somewhere...?
dialog: Grimaces:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Whoa. Back up. Total pickup line,
dialog: let's forget I said that.
text: Still staring in her eyes. Noting absolutely NO RECOGNITION
text: on her features. She gives him a cursory smile.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Thanks for the drink. But no. I don't
dialog: know you.
text: Timothy nods slowly.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: No, you don't, do you...? I'd know
dialog: if you did. I can tell if someone's
dialog: lying.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Sorry to bother you.
text: He takes his own drink and crosses to a back booth. Sits, a
text: very puzzled look on his face. Adjusts his coat collar,
text: whispers into a concealed transmitter:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Okay, people, I got what I needed.
dialog: Wait until she comes out. Then do
dialog: them both.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Walk soft, we got local law.
text: He sits back as TWO SHERIFF'S DEPUTIES suddenly enter, doffing
text: their stetsons. Cross to the bar. HENESSEY, coming out of
text: the bathroom. Sees the deputies. Grabs SAMANTHA by the elbow.
text: Tosses down a fin, steers her toward the door.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Pork. On your nine.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: So you shot a guy in the head
text: yesterday. We wait outside.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
text: It's freezing.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Too bad. People shouldn't shoot other
text: people in the head. Just themselves.
dialog: During that show with the little
dialog: girl who's a robot.
scene_heading: EXT. SALT &amp; PEPPER LOUNGE - SAME TIME
text: They emerge into the chill air. Breath pluming from their
text: mouths. Samantha surveys the parking lot. Grabs Henessey,
dialog: points --
text: A LATE-MODEL CAR pulls into the gravel lot. Stops.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Bingo. That's an old guy's car.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Because there's an old guy in it.
dialog: Come on.
text: They cross toward the car. She frowns, points to his coat.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
text: Gun bulge.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: You think I'm gonna shove it down my
dialog: pants? Shoot my damn dick off.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: So now you're a sharpshooter?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Ho, ho.
text: As they approach the other car, the engine stops. The door
text: opens and a middle aged man emerges -- IT AIN'T NATHAN. He
text: pauses, lighting a cigarette.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Mr. Windeman...?
text: She strides right up, Henessey in tow. Flashes a dazzling
text: smile -- *Slow motion*. The guy DROPS HIS LIGHTER, darts a
text: hand inside his coat with practiced ease... Pulls out a
scene_heading: SILENCED PISTOL.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Oh, SHIT!
text: *Slow motion*. Samantha tackles Henessey. Hurls them both to
text: the ground... During their fall, STUFF HAPPENS:
text: She clutches his sportcoat -- Grips his .38 special THROUGH
text: THE FABRIC and squeezes... A sharp report, BAM-! Another,
text: BAM-! The jacket, shredded. HITMAN just caught two in the
text: chest. He goes over backwards, gun spitting --
text: Sam and Henessey hit the ground. *Back to regular speed*.
text: Henessey rolls over, stunned. Samantha's staring at her hand,
dialog: wondering how in the hell it just did that.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: *Jesus wept*...!
text: They scamper to their feet. Running hellbent for leather
text: toward the Plymouth... They never make it.
text: ANOTHER HITMAN steps calmly from the trees. Stands at the
text: shoulder of the highway, full view of the parking lot...
text: Adopts a two-fisted stance. Draws a bead, locks on target --
text: Leaves his feet.
text: Takes to the air as a BLACK LE SABRE swerves off the highway
dialog: with no advance warning and DEMOLISHES the bastard, wham--!
text: The car roars across the lot, NATHAN WINDEMAN at the wheel.
scene_heading: INT. BARROOM - SAME TIME
text: The snapped-in-two hitman announces Nathan's arrival by FLYING
text: THROUGH THE WINDOW in an explosion of glass. Caroms off a
text: table and bounces head over heels. Hits, dead.
text: TIMOTHY swears. Leaps up and bolts for the door, right behind
text: the SHERIFF'S DEPUTIES, as
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - SAME TIME
text: The black Le Sabre SLEWS to a stop, showering gravel -- NATHAN
text: shouts at Sam and Henessey:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Get in! Both of you, NOW!
text: They pile into the backseat. Nathan floors it. PEELS OUT,
text: bouncing onto the highway -- and meanwhile here comes
text: TIMOTHY. On the run. Barks into his transmitter:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: East, they're going east. *Head them
dialog: off*.
text: He begins to run: we have never seen anyone run this fast.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN'S CAR - DRIVING
text: NATHAN kicks in the afterburners. Squinting, can't see...
text: WIPERS, squeaking to and fro. Erasing the hitman's blood.
text: Henessey is trembling; Samantha comatose. Nathan steals a
text: look in the rear view mirror. Gets his first good view of
text: Samantha. Reacts, stunned:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Charly. Jesus Christ, I don't believe
dialog: what I'm seeing, you're so *fat*.
dialog: This is not what she expected to hear.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I'm... um, I mean... what?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What in God's hell have you been
dialog: *eating*, you look positively bovine!
dialog: Hang on.
text: 50 yards down the highway. Beside a parked car, a guy with
text: an ELEPHANT GUN.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Oh, God, no more--!
text: The big rifle BUCKS concussively. The car window SPLINTERS...!
dialog: Does not break.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Bulletproof. Put it in myself.
text: Almost as an afterthought, he swerves slightly. CRUNCHES the
text: gunman against the parked car. Shatters him. His SCREAMING
text: VISAGE goes by an inch from Samantha, he coughs blood onto
dialog: her window...
scene_heading: EXT. FROZEN WOODSCAPE - SAME TIME
text: Timothy, on the move. RUNS, breakneck through the woods.
text: Jumps fallen logs. Ducking, swerving. In and out through the
dialog: trees, as
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN'S CAR - DRIVING
text: Scenery whips past. In the backseat, Henessey is trembling;
text: Samantha comatose. Nathan snaps his fingers sharply:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Charlene, darling --
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: My name is Caine. Samantha Caine.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Yes, yes, you said that on the phone.
dialog: *Must* I point out to you that the
text: letters in the name SAM CAINE, when
dialog: rearranged, spell out AMNESIAC? Your
dialog: mind was missing a name, so it simple
dialog: invented one that was an anagram of
dialog: your current condition.
text: Samantha reacts, floored.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Dammit, Charly. The schoolteacher,
dialog: that was your cover! Your memory was
dialog: gone, you got confused and you BOUGHT
dialog: YOUR OWN COVER. This ridiculous Ohio
dialog: housewife business, it's a fantasy,
dialog: you *wrote* the bloody thing!
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: It's not a fantasy, *I'm in the
dialog: fucking PTA*.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Then quit. You're an assassin for
dialog: the United States government.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I ought to know, I trained you.
text: Henessey is so shocked he's LAUGHING:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Beautiful. Fuckin' beautiful.
scene_heading: EXT. SHEER EMBANKMENT - OVERLOOKING HIGHWAY - SAME TIME
text: A forty foot embankment, damn near vertical. Plunging to the
text: road below. Topped by a chain-link FENCE.
text: Timothy hits the fence at a dead run. Up and over. Pitches
text: head over heels down the embankment, BOUNCING. Hits bottom
text: in a shower of dirt, rolls, comes up... .357 AMP in a two-
text: fisted grip, and *there's Nathan's car*. Blows by, doing 90.
text: Timothy swivels calmly, BLASTS AN ENTIRE CLIP at the
text: retreating car. Shot after shot, like a machine --
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN'S CAR - SAME TIME
text: Sam SCREAMS as the side windows COLLAPSE INWARD. Nathan rides
text: the wheel, swerving.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: *What happened to bulletproof*?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: *The side windows were next, I swear*.
scene_heading: BACK WITH TIMOTHY
dialog: Watching them go. Oh, well. He tried, right...? Did his best,
dialog: tomorrow's another day --
text: Without missing a beat, Timothy walks out in the middle of
text: the road. ANOTHER CAR, coming. Sports car. He snaps in a
text: fresh clip. Raises his fist and PUMPS ONE through the fast-
text: approaching windshield. Kills the driver.
text: The car throws a skid. Slewing SIDEWAYS at him. Onrushing
dialog: juggernaut, immense...!
text: He vaults the hood without breaking stride. Catches the drive-
text: side doorhandle, jerks -- then he's in, and out comes the
text: corpse and the car *never stops moving*.
text: Completes an out-of-control 360, showering muddy water...
text: and then he's stomping the gas. Utterly relentless. Leaving
text: behind a wet and very surprised-looking corpse.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN CAR
text: Timothy GUNS IT, eyes locked dead ahead on the Le Sabre --
text: Hears a SCREECH. Whips his eyes to the rearview mirror: POLICE
text: CRUISER. Fishtailing onto the road behind him. Falls in
text: behind, SIREN wailing. One of the deputies from the bar.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN'S CAR - DRIVING - SAME TIME
text: Nathan fishes a gun from his coat. Hands it to Samantha.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Here, you might as well have one
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: My God. How many do you carry?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: Three. One shoulder, one hip, and
dialog: one right next to Mr. Wally --
dialog: (pats his groin)
dialog: Where most patdowns never reveal it,
dialog: as an agent is often reluctant to
text: feel up another man's groin.
text: Henessey looks out the back windshield, says:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Got a tail.
text: Nathan looks, SWEARS. The chase car's gaining on them.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Lucky bastard found the only cool
dialog: car in the fucking midwest.
text: He accelerates into a curve. Rockets past a connecting road,
text: as, without warning -- ANOTHER COP CAR skids out of the side
text: road, after him. The other deputy...
text: TIMOTHY, boxed. Going too fast, swerves...! PLOWS into the
text: deputy headlong. BROADSIDES him. Glass flies. The cop car's
text: TIRES blow out as it's SPUN 180 degrees... Timothy's car
text: careens into a GULLEY --
text: BAM-! Hits a dead stop. Hood shears off, goes flying. Back
text: end sticking up, tires spinning... The horn blares
dialog: continuously.
text: UP ABOVE: The other cop arrives, brakes to a halt -- Door
text: opens and out he comes. Helps Deputy #2 clamber from his
text: crippled black-and-white.
text: Together they leap down into the gulley, guns drawn. Cringing
text: as the long HOOOOOOOONNNNNK continues unabated. Approaching
text: the crashed car. Walking up, guns at their sides... TWO SHOTS.
text: They jitter and twitch. Topple over dead, slide to the bottom
text: of the gulley.
text: INSIDE THE CAR, we see that a very annoyed Timothy is also
text: very conscious. Splayed against the driver's side door.
text: Holding one hand down on the horn, HOOOOOOOONNK... He releases
text: it. Horn stops. On the radio Conway Twitty is singing. He
text: puts a shot through the radio. Silences it.
text: Climbs from the car and stares off down the road. Of Nathan
text: and his companions, there is neither whisper nor breath...
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Nathan has pulled over in a grove of pine trees. The car is
text: covered with branches. He watches through a gap as two police
text: cars go by on the distant highway.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Your father was in the British SIS,
text: assigned to the Irish situation.
dialog: After he was murdered in 1971, his
dialog: friend Perkins recruited you for
text: Chapter, a black bag operation working
text: out of the U.S. State Department.
text: Charly is overloaded. Trying to keep up, not wanting to:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Fall, 1987: Presidential orders come
dialog: down. You're to flush out a terrorist
dialog: by the name of Daedalus. You never
text: complete the mission, electing instead
dialog: to die, of all things, despite clear
dialog: orders to the contrary. And dead you
dialog: remain until, without preamble, you
dialog: re-emerge, eight years later and
text: fifteen pounds heavier.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Would you lay off the weight?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I think we can safely assume Daedalus
dialog: is aware of your resurrection and is
dialog: attempting to reverse it. *Damn*, I
dialog: can't drive around in this thing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Any idea where we can go to stash
dialog: this car?
scene_heading: IN SAMANTHA'S LAP
text: Her fingers unconsciously fiddle with something. Damp,
text: crumpled. The ENVELOPE. One address left.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: This address...? I... I recognize it
dialog: now. I think it belongs to a friend.
text: Henessey stares at her. As Nathan reaches for the envelope,
text: his coat falls open and Samantha GASPS; his left side is
text: soaked with blood.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Perhaps you'd best drive.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY - DAY
text: The house is actually an old converted MILL. Beyond it, frozen
text: landscape stretches to the lakeshore. In the BARNYARD, a
text: scruffy looking COWBOY TYPE is splitting logs on a tree stump.
text: Drops the axe. Scoops up an armload of firewood. Comes around
dialog: the corner --
text: Drops the logs, startled. AN UNLIKELY TRIO approaches. NATHAN,
text: sweating. Pasty. Levels a revolver. Samantha says:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Don't be afraid, we don't want to
dialog: hurt you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I just want to know who you are.
text: Seeing her, his eyes go wide -- He locks her in a whooping
text: BEAR HUG, shouts:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: CHARLY, BABY!!
text: Picks her up, SPINS HER around, laughing... Henessey and
text: Nathan stare. Befuddled.
scene_heading: TIME CUT - MINUTES LATER
text: The strange man (let's call him LUKE) stands awkwardly in
text: the dooryard. Shifting from foot to foot. NATHAN watches him
text: dispassionately from the tree stump. Gun on his knee.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Look, is this America's Funniest
dialog: Practical Videos or something?
text: The DOOR bangs open and Samantha comes out of the house.
text: Carrying bandages. Alcohol. Crosses to the tree stump, kneels
text: before Nathan. His voice is a harsh rasp:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Let me do it.
text: He bats her away, administers his own first aid. LUKE pipes
text: up, exasperated:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I can't believe you don't remember
dialog: dating me. Charly, please, you pursued
dialog: me for months.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Yeah, well. I caught you and forgot
dialog: you. Sorry.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It's December, you'll remember.
dialog: Right...?
text: He chuckles. Looks at her face. Stops chuckling, takes a
text: sudden interest in the ground. Sam crosses to HENESSEY,
text: standing nearby. Takes him aside, whispers:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: This is ridiculous. What do we do
dialog: with this guy?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Don't ask me, I just work here. Did
dialog: you bump pelvises with him or not?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: It's possible.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: And you kid, Cathead --
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
text: Caitlin.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Yeah, whatever. Um, could he be
dialog: the...?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's coming back, though. All these...
dialog: little details about him.
text: She studies Luke. Frowning. Concentrating.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I know he's got a pin in his leg,
dialog: car accident. I know he cuts his own
dialog: hair... thinks Rush Limbaugh's an
dialog: ass. I know he sits down when he
dialog: pees. I know --
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Enough. You're giving me a stiffy.
text: Just then NATHAN is hit with a dreadful-sounding cough. It
text: wracks him. Doubles him up. LUKE blurts out:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Goddammit, he's *dying*. Let me call
dialog: the poor bastard an ambulance!
text: Nathan grits his teeth:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: *No ambulance*. The car I ordered
dialog: will be here soon.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Mr. Windeman, please let him help
dialog: you. I know this man, I... I'm pretty
dialog: sure I slept with him.
text: Nathan presses a bandage to his side.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I'm about to faint... And if you
dialog: call an ambulance, I will fucking
dialog: kill you.
text: He pitches forward into Henessey's arms.
scene_heading: EXT. SHADED PORCH - MID-AFTERNOON
text: Beside the lakeshore LUKE AND SAMANTHA walk side by side.
text: RACK FOCUS to the porch: NATHAN is laid out on a chaise
text: lounge. Henessey beside him, applying cold compresses. The
text: older man stirs, coming awake... Tries to sit up, Henessey
text: nudges him flat again.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Where's Charly...?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Relax. She's with Luke. That's his
dialog: name, Luke.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Goddammit, I told you --
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Yeah, yeah, we weren't real big on
dialog: what you told us. I had him call you
dialog: an ambulance, so shoot me. Should be
text: here within fifteen minutes.
text: Nathan groans. Henessey presses a cloth to the man's head.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
text: The guy's story checks out. Sam knows
dialog: things about him. Stuff only a lover
dialog: would know.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Sod that... just watch them.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Don't worry about it. Chick signs my
dialog: checks, I'm gonna watch her get aced?
dialog: Lie back down.
text: Nathan swallows. Grimaces. Lies back down.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Checks. You're not fooling anyone,
dialog: dear boy.
dialog: (bemused)
dialog: You'd wash her feet and drink the
dialog: water... wouldn't you?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Cut me a break, nimrod. She's married
dialog: with a kid.
text: Busted. Nathan coughs. Speaks, eyes faraway:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: My star pupil...
dialog: (smiles thinly)
dialog: That man in Pennsylvania yesterday...
dialog: The one at the diner, that was hers,
dialog: wasn't it...?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: How'd you know?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I saw the news report, they found a
text: shell casing a thousand yards away,
dialog: helluva shot.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Tell me about Daedalus, what's his
dialog: story?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: Arms broker, man without a face.
dialog: Veteran of Baader-Meinhoff and the
dialog: Red Brigades. He's rumored to be
dialog: based in the U.S. Doesn't travel
dialog: much, they say. Too afraid of metal
dialog: detectors, the poor sod's got a foot-
text: long piece of steel in his leg.
text: At which point, Henessey stops. Frowns.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Come again?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: A pin, Mr. Henessey. A surgical pin.
text: He scuffs his shoe in the porch dust. Eyes narrowed:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Where the hell...? I know I just
dialog: heard that somewhere, something about
dialog: a...
text: His eyes widen:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Oh, fuck.
dialog: Points to the lake:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Nathan, that son of a bitch has one
dialog: in *his* leg.
text: Nathan freezes, thoughts racing... swears violently:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You blithering idiot, the son of a
dialog: bitch wasn't her lover, he was her
dialog: target, he's Daedalus!
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Oh, Jesus...! That's how she knew
dialog: all that shit, not from *dating* him --
dialog: she *studied* the fucker to take him
dialog: out!
text: He takes off for the lake at a dead run. Behind him, the
text: bloodied Nathan DRAGS himself to his feet and lurches off
text: the porch, stumbling. Weaving. Refusing to go down.
text: AT THE LAKESIDE -- Luke walks behind Samantha. Talking softly
text: in her ear, smiling... She hears something. A RATCHETING
text: noise, drawing closer, hmmm...? Looks up. Wishes she hadn't --
text: A BELL RANGER HELICOPTER is descending over the lake. Inside,
text: TIMOTHY shoulders a bolt action rifle, coolly professional.
text: FIRES, kicks up dirt at Henessey's feet. Stops the fucker
text: cold. On the shore, LUKE smiles at Samantha, says:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sure don't look like an ambulance,
dialog: does it?
text: SLUGS HER IN THE FACE. Drops her to the ice like a broken
dialog: doll.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
text: Black indeed. Deep. Empty. Out of the darkness, we hear a
text: NEWS COMMENTATOR. Voice scratchy. Indistinct. Far away or
dialog: long ago...
text: A TELEVISION IMAGE fills the screen. Black and white. Grainy.
text: The legend: BELFAST, NORTHERN IRELAND, over footage of a
dialog: sidewalk bombing. We're back in time, the year 1971. A crisp-
text: looking BRIGADIER is speaking to the off-camera reporter:
speaker_heading: BRIGADIER
dialog: ...the bombing has been linked to
dialog: the Ulster Volunteer Force, which,
dialog: as you know, is the counterpart of
dialog: the provisional IRA and the most
dialog: violent of the Protestant Paramilitary
dialog: groups.
text: An ANNOUNCER's face replaces him:
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: Despite threats of reprisals,
dialog: Brigadier Baltimore repeats that he
dialog: will seek to cut UVF supply lines,
dialog: especially from Tripoli, Lybia. U.S.
dialog: President Nixon concurs that...
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL
text: A battered TV, volume turned low. Snoozing in a chair, a
text: rumpled older man -- It's the BRIGADIER, the one we just saw
text: speaking on TV. A CALENDAR on the table identifies the date
dialog: as June 23, 1971.
text: IN THE NEXT ROOM
text: Girlish decor. Pinups of rock stars. A YOUNG GIRL is awake,
text: dressed and currently stuffing two pillows under a blanket.
text: She inspects her handiwork. Human-looking lump. Turns,
dialog: satisfied.
text: One last look at the WOODEN JESUS on the wall -- Creeps from
text: the room. Past the sleeping Brigadier. To the front door.
text: She checks over her shoulder, nervous. Taps out five digits.
text: Shuts off the alarm. Unlocks the door and slips out.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - BELFAST - NIGHT
text: The boy's name is GREGORY. Sixteen, with a quick, easy grin.
text: Huddled beneath a tree with him, the girl is gelatin.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You've never made it with a boy,
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: There's nothing odd about it. I'm
dialog: only sixteen.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Rubbish.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You're fourteen and not a day more.
dialog: Here now, I'm right, you're blushing.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Look, what if I'm ignorant? It's my
dialog: father, we never stay in one place,
dialog: I never meet bloody anyone.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Saw him on the telly. Think he'd
dialog: kill me? I'm a nasty one, I am.
text: He slides a hand under her sweater. She stiffens, terrified
text: and exhilarated, as he gently strokes her nipple with a thumb.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You know what, I'll bet you've never
dialog: even kissed a boy... now, have you?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Aye, but you want to...
text: He leans in. She leans forward. A jerky, tentative duckling
text: on the road to swan-dom. Their lips touch.
text: Across the road, THE WINDOWS BLOW OUT in her father's flat.
text: She spins, scream caught in her throat -- as ARMED MEN rush
text: from the house. Through the door, the one she left unlocked.
text: Stutter of SMALL ARMS FIRE. She whirls on Gregory, realizes
text: only then that the guy is LAUGHING.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Thanks for shutting off the alarm,
dialog: you bloody Papist bitch.
text: He slaps her full across the face.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Tell the press the Ulster Force claims
dialog: full credit.
text: He spins and flees.
scene_heading: INT. BRIGADIER'S FLAT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Girl, moving. Walls racing past, shot to PIECES, run run run
text: into her bedroom and LURCHES to a stop, screaming:
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: *DA*!
text: Propped against the wall. By the bed. He's still alive.
text: Incredibly. The man has DRAGGED himself in here. He refused
dialog: to die, simply couldn't, you see... Not until he reached his
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BED
text: Two pillows, jammed beneath a blanket. The Brigadier just
text: stares at them. His face slack. White and gastly. Shifts his
text: gaze to his daughter. Tears running from his dulled eyes.
speaker_heading: BRIGADIER
dialog: How much...
text: He raises the pistol to his head.
speaker_heading: BRIGADIER
dialog: ...did they pay you...?
text: He fires. On a young girl's dissolve into insanity we FADE
text: OUT... Sound, echoing away. Blackness, total.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT OF OLD MILL - NIGHT
text: Waking is slow.
text: Samantha opens her eyes. Blinks. Hazy, out of focus. Tries
text: to rub her eyes, can't. Hands. Something's wrong, what the
text: hell'd she do with her hands...? Ah. They're stretched over
text: her head. BOUND WITH CORD. Suddenly she's very awake.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The basement of the old converted mill. A drafty, windswept
text: place full of old, broken timbers. A river runs through it.
text: A stream, at any rate. The waters are still and frozen now.
text: Above the stream -- A GREAT WOODEN WHEEL. Smaller corollary
text: of the wheel outside. Mounted on the same axis.
text: SAMANTHA is tied to that wheel. Lashed to its SIDE, affixed
text: to it like a goddess to a Greek sailing ship. Now the bad
text: news, the ice has been chopped away so the wheel can TURN...
text: And it will plunge Samantha UNDER THE FREEZING WATER. Beneath
text: the ice. Bound hand and foot. Strapped to the wheel, wearing
text: only a nightgown, she is utterly helpless.
text: THE MAN KNOWN AS DAEDALUS (AKA Luke) stands before her, giving
text: instructions to the ubiquitous TIMOTHY. He looks up at
text: Samantha. Seeing her eyelids flutter, he tosses her a cherry
text: wave. Gone is the gee-whiz country boy schtick; in its place,
text: a frightening arrogance. He tosses her his cheeriest wave:
speaker_heading: DAEDALUS
dialog: Well, good afternoon. If it isn't
dialog: the forgetful spy. How you feeling?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Not-so fresh.
text: Samantha struggles against her bonds. No dice. Subsides.
text: Takes a look around at her predicament. TIMOTHY stands at
text: the edge of the ice. Watching her intently. Smiles thinly:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: You... you're... the man from the
dialog: bar...?
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Look at her. She's not faking it,
dialog: she doesn't know me from Adam.
text: Daedalus shakes his head, frowning:
speaker_heading: DAEDALUS
dialog: It's not that I don't trust my
dialog: compatriot, Colonel Baltimore. In
dialog: fact, I had every confidence that
dialog: your amnesia was genuine -- until
dialog: you showed up *here*. You follow?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Meanwhile, I just got around to
dialog: reading the papers, there's the small
dialog: matter of an incident upstate. Long
text: range rifle shot, blew a man out of
text: his socks.
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: You can see where I'm coming from.
dialog: I'm trying to pull of the biggest
dialog: job of my career. I have to know.
dialog: How much you really remember... and
dialog: who you've told.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: I didn't tell a soul, I swear.
speaker_heading: DAEDALUS
dialog: We'll soon know.
text: He crosses toward a large RED BUTTON. Set into a wooden beam.
text: Samantha thrashes at the bindings. Looks down at the water
text: where it intercepts the mammoth wheel. Fighting panic:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Is... is this a torture thing...?
speaker_heading: DAEDALUS
dialog: Torture, yes. The torturing of
dialog: beautiful women, albeit politically
dialog: incorrect, is an addiction with me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A woman never looks quite so beautiful
text: as when her face is distended in
dialog: pain. Witness the beauty of
dialog: childbirth.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Please, I'm getting all misty. Look,
dialog: untie me, I'll make any face you
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: DAEDALUS
dialog: Let's not, and say we did. Do you
dialog: smoke?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Smoke...? Um, no. Not... not really.
speaker_heading: DAEDALUS
dialog: Good. You'll last longer. Now hush
dialog: yourself, and take a deep breath.
dialog: We're gonna do the torture thing.
text: He hits the button. An electric WHINE -- THE BIG WHEEL TURNS.
text: Feet first into the water. Struggling. Arms stretched above
text: her head. She plunges below the surface. A new dimension in
text: PAIN. Frozen, mind-numbing.
text: She WRITHES against the wheel. It's like a crushing VICE is
text: ripping her limb from limb. She opens her eyes, briefly.
text: Discovers she's not alone -- A mere foot from her face, THE
text: BLOATED CORPSE of the drowned NATHAN. Staring away and away.
text: Blue with cyanosis.
text: Meanwhile, back ON THE SURFACE: Daedalus turns to his right-
dialog: hand man, who says:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: We're running on schedule, I just
dialog: secured the tanker. We're borrowing
dialog: it from Carbide in South Carolina.
text: Cargo listed as fire retardant.
speaker_heading: DAEDALUS
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Juice up the bird, we head out soon
dialog: as I'm done here.
text: He turns. Hits the red button again. THE WHEEL reverses
text: itself. Creaks and moans, turning --
text: SAMANTHA BREAKS THE SURFACE. Gasping for air. Wheezing.
text: Choking. The FREEZING WIND plasters the nightgown to her.
speaker_heading: DAEDALUS
dialog: Take all the air you can, that's
dialog: right. If you need to vomit, do it
dialog: now.
text: Samantha, face twisted. Coughs. Wheezes. TIMOTHY looks her
text: in the eye... shakes his head:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: You don't remember *at all*...? The
dialog: greatest night of your life, shit,
dialog: drown this ungrateful wench.
text: He exits. Daedalus, alone with his captive. On her features,
text: unbridled HATRED. He chuckles:
speaker_heading: DAEDALUS
dialog: Talk to me Colonel. Is my identity
dialog: safe...? The truth, and I'll shoot
dialog: you in the head. Nice and quick.
dialog: Otherwise, you're in for a long night.
dialog: *Who did you talk to*?
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: ...Nobody... fuck you...
text: He shakes his head, makes a "tsk tsk" gesture. Smiles grimly
text: as he turns his attention to the red switch.
speaker_heading: DAEDALUS
dialog: Hate to see you like this, Charly. I
dialog: heard you were a helluva spy once.
text: Without warning, her head snaps upward -- Eyes cold. Voice,
dialog: not her own:
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Watch your back. I'm not done yet.
speaker_heading: DAEDALUS
dialog: That's a very funny joke. You're an
dialog: entertaining woman. Good night.
text: He hits the button. She plunges beneath the surface. Daedalus
text: walks over to one corner. Sits down. Takes out a pipe. Lights
text: it. Picks up a book. Reads. And reads.
text: UNDERWATER -- Sam THRASHES and jerks, to and fro. Dead Nathan,
text: mocking her. There, under the water, the memories come... In
text: a flood. Stark and vivid.
scene_heading: MEMORY FLASH - THE YEAR
text: THE TRUNK OF A CAR opens, revealing a patch of night sky.
text: Mostly obscured by two familiar individuals --
dialog: There's ONE-EYED JACK, remember him? Few years younger. One
text: eyeball heavier. The other man is TIMOTHY. He looks in the
text: trunk. Nods.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Okay, I'll signal Daedalus. Your
dialog: money will be waiting, and Jack...?
dialog: Do yourself a favor, do her and dump
dialog: her, I'm serious. Don't get cute,
dialog: try to play doctor first. I made
dialog: that mistake.
text: The lid SLAMS SHUT.
text: BACK UNDER THE WATER
text: The world of rushing MADNESS, memories unspooling now, faster
dialog: and faster --
text: MEMORY FLASH: A CLIFF overlooking the ocean. Darkness.
dialog: Sheeting rain. Our heroine (for it is unquestionably SAMANTHA)
text: is lying unconscious atop a rocky bluff. Drenched.
text: ONE-EYED JACK produces a SYRINGE from a leather case. Rolls
text: up her sleeve. Starts to administer the injection. Stops. He
text: can't resist... Can't help LOOSENING the buttons on her shirt.
text: Her eyes snap open. And before it even registers, she's
text: grabbed the hypodermic and plunged it deep INTO HIS EYE --
text: Then she's up and running. Along the cliff, toward the car...
text: Jack, HOWLING in pain, stumbling... Draws his gun and shoots
text: her. In the head.
text: She pitches backward. Tumbles from the cliff...! Rushes
text: headlong toward the waters below, getting smaller --
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT OF OLD MILL - THE PRESENT
text: Here. Now. She breaks the surface. Gasping for breath.
text: SHRIEKS, a sound ripped from her by the PAIN, the COLD --
text: By her ruptured sanity. She hangs there. Drenched. Half
text: frozen.
text: DAEDALUS can't help it. A chill dances up his spine,
text: watching... She is not afraid. She is not whimpering. She is
text: looking directly AT HIM. With a sick smile.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Daedalus... Make you a deal... Let
dialog: me go now...? I'll leave you the use
dialog: of your legs... Bargain, trust me...
text: Daedalus struggles to recover his poise.
speaker_heading: DAEDALUS
dialog: How did you find me? Who knows about
dialog: this place, WHO HAVE YOU TOLD?
text: Charly's eyes bore into his:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: I let you touch me, cowboy... I think
dialog: I need a bath.
text: Daedalus stabs the red button. THE BIG WHEEL TURNS... Into
text: the water goes Charly. Going down for the third time.
scene_heading: UNDER THE WATER - HELL - SAME
text: Here we are again, in the world of silence and blinding PAIN.
dialog: Despair and madness but now there's something else -- Now
dialog: there's RAGE.
text: It takes losing most of the FLESH from her right wrist...
text: But she frees the hand. WRENCHES it loose. The water turns
text: soupy red around it. GROPES, blindly. Fingers NUMB, so fucking
text: cold -- Breath, running out. No air. NO TIME.
text: She darts her right hand forward. Toward the obscenely bobbing
text: CORPSE of Nathan. Does something grotesque, jams her hand
scene_heading: DOWN THE CORPSE'S PANTS --
text: Hideaway gun, it's right where he said, right beside Mr.
text: Wally. PSP-25. Semi-auto, steel jackets. She waits. Rage
text: inside her. Death in her hands.
text: MEANWHILE, BACK ON THE SURFACE
text: The wheel CREAKS. Groans. The terrorist in the western boots
text: watches her emerge, face first -- She comes up firing.
text: The first slug takes him in the knee. Blows it to scraps. He
text: collapses, howling. She shifts aim. THE RED BUTTON. No
text: hesitation. BLAM-! Hits it DEAD ON. Stops the wheel.
dialog: Incredible.
text: Doesn't blink. Unties her captive hand. BLOWS TO SPLINTERS
text: the wood surrounding her feet. Leaps to solid ground, as
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Daedalus looks up from his prone position. In agony. A vision
text: from Hell approaches: A fiendish blue-skinned woman in a
text: sodden nightgown. Blood leaking from one wrist. She has risen,
text: REBORN, from the icy waters.
speaker_heading: DAEDALUS
dialog: Samantha... Please...!
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Who's Samantha?
text: She shoots him in the other knee. He HOWLS. Gun, empty. She
text: tosses it aside. In a nearby crate: ASSAULT RIFLES. Snatches
text: up a Kalashnikov and clip. Kneels and says:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: You see in the movies, badguy says,
dialog: "Talk to me and I'll let you live."
dialog: We're gonna run a variation, it goes
dialog: like this: Talk to me...? I'll let
dialog: you die.
text: She fires again.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Where's Henessey...?
scene_heading: INT. ROOT CELLAR - WITH HENESSEY
text: The detective lies naked, bound hand and foot. Beaten.
text: FREEZING. A single ray of LIGHT through a tiny crack.
text: He hears a SPLINTERING noise, as if a door's been ripped
text: from its hinges. Pause -- A FUSILLADE of gunfire. Shouts,
text: cries. A heavy weight SLAMS to the floorboards above him.
text: Through a crack comes a tiny stream of BLOOD, dribbling onto
dialog: him, as --
scene_heading: EXT. OLD MILL - SAME TIME
text: TIMOTHY bolts from the house, clutching a bleeding hand.
text: Running hellbent for leather. Reaches a parked car. Leaps in
text: and kicks over the engine as, behind him --
text: MORE MEN come piling out of the house, shouting. Running for
text: their cars -- never make it. CUT DOWN IN THEIR TRACKS. Wracked
text: by gunfire, bodies twitching...
text: And as Timothy PEELS OUT, spraying mud, we pull UP, UP, AND
text: AWAY... Into the sky, moving ever higher, gunfire fading...
text: Until now we're WAY UP, we can see Timothy's car... the OLD
text: MILL, ever so tiny below us...
text: It blows to pieces. Sends flaming boards flying STRAIGHT UP
dialog: AT US.
scene_heading: INT. VICTORIAN BUILDING - CHAPTER HQ - NIGHTTIME
text: The door bursts open as PERKINS stalks in, shedding his coat.
text: His aide -- let's call him HARRY -- looks up nervously.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: This can't happen, Harry. The
dialog: President's already up at night,
text: prowling his sock drawer for double
dialog: agents, and now we've got a fucking
dialog: rogue on our hands.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Sir, there's someone in the conference
dialog: room to see you.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: Oh, for the love of Christ, who can
dialog: be so fucking important?
text: He throws open a door off the passage: THERE'S TIMOTHY.
text: Perched on the edge of a conference table, tamping a pack of
text: smokes. Perkins reacts, stunned.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: It's me, your poor black cousin. The
dialog: one you can't be seen with.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: *You*...! Are you crazy, coming here??
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: (Lights a cigarette)
dialog: My boss is dead.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Your rogue bitch just took him out.
dialog: Probably went shopping in his weapons
dialog: storage too.
text: He blows smoke. Trains his eyes on the older man. Piercing.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: We're still on, Perkins. I've got
dialog: the tanker, the chemist, all ready
dialog: to go... but you gotta contain her,
dialog: man. We gotta step on her hard and
dialog: fast.
text: An agent on the SWITCHBOARD calls out:
speaker_heading: SWITCHBOARD
dialog: You have a call on line three, sir.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: SWITCHBOARD
dialog: Charly Baltimore, sir.
text: Perkins stops dead. Lunges for the phone, nearly drops it:
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: Perkins.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - OUR HEROINE AT PAY PHONE
text: We only see her mouth. Set in hard, grim lines. She says:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: It's cold, I want to come in.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: Charly...? Oh, my God, what the hell
dialog: are you *doing*? Listen to me, I'm
dialog: going to direct you to a safe house,
dialog: get you on a plane --
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Can the bullshit, I'm not telling
dialog: you where I am. I'll come in for a
dialog: full debriefing, but we do it my
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: Charly, you're being paranoid. It's
dialog: not like it used to be, you're eight
dialog: years out of date.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Do tell.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: Congress won't authorize a dime,
text: Charly. Chapter's on the way out,
dialog: we've been reduced to a records-
dialog: keeping agency, we *don't have enough
dialog: money to kill you*, understand...?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Fuck you, Perkins. If you want me
dialog: dead, you'll pass a hat in the typing
dialog: pool to buy bullets. We do things my
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: Your way, I see. And if I say go to
dialog: hell?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: From where I stand, it ain't much of
dialog: a commute. You'll hear from me.
text: She clicks off. Perkins darts a look at the techie -- guy
text: shakes his head, no go on the trace. Perkins swears.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: She mustn't threaten our success.
dialog: Contain her, whatever it takes. But
dialog: be *careful*. If it gets out you're
dialog: working for me... we'll both be
dialog: grabbing our ankles on the White
text: House lawn.
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOT - ATLANTIC CITY, NEW JERSEY - NIGHT
dialog: There. Thank you, New Jersey, that'll be all. You can go
dialog: now. Um, please.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE - ATLANTIC CITY - NIGHT
text: Waking is slow for Mitch Henessey. He swallows dryly. Eyes
text: creak open, struggle to focus... Hears WATER running. A
text: shower. Squints at his watch. He's not wearing a watch, he
text: knew that... In BED, naked. Chest swathed in bandages, what
text: the hell...? He pokes them. Jerks his head, hissing in pain.
scene_heading: EXT. LIVING ROOM OF SUITE - WITH HENESSEY - NIGHT
text: Henessey lights a smoke at the bar. Flicks the match in a
text: trashcan. Starts to go, stops... Reaches into the can. Plucks
text: out a tiny scrap: PHOTOGRAPH, ripped in two.
text: A photo of Hal and Caitlin.
text: He pockets it, disturbed. Crosses to the bathroom door. The
text: shower has stopped. Raises a tentative hand, starts to
text: knock... It OPENS. There, in a thin silk robe, is a WOMAN,
text: swabbing at her hair.
text: She breezes out of the bathroom all chipper, like nothing's
text: unusual. Notices Henessey cursorily. Raises a finger: "one
text: sec." Lowers her head and shakes it like a terrier, spraying
dialog: him.
text: He cannot stop staring. It's Samantha, it *has* to be...
text: Now she's BLONDE, though. Hair clipped short. Bobbed. Blood-
text: red fingernails. Red cotton shift, legs for days.
text: Then, she *smiles* at him -- and it's not her, not Samantha.
dialog: Amnesia's over, folks, because we're clearly looking at a
dialog: changed woman: This one's name is CHARLY BALTIMORE, and she
dialog: hasn't seen the light of day in eight years.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Hey, Mitch. Glad you're awake. Uh-
dialog: oh, you're seeping.
text: She grabs a washcloth. Frowns, says:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Here, look at this.
text: With that, she opens her robe and exposes her breasts.
text: Henessey perks up considerably -- then SCREAMS as she RIPS
text: the gauze from his chest. She clinchs the robe again.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Ah, that hurt like shit!!
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: That's why I distracted you first.
dialog: (dabs at his wounds)
dialog: Same principle as breaking in virgins.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Same as -- virgins, *what*...?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Saw it in a Harold Robbins book. Guy
text: bites her on the ear as he goes in.
dialog: Distracts from the pain. You ever
dialog: try that?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: No, I slug 'em in the jaw and yell
dialog: "pop goes the weasel," what the fuck
dialog: are you talking about? Who are you??
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Name's Charly. The spy. Nice to
dialog: meet'cha. Drink?
scene_heading: INT. CASINO BAR - EVENING
text: Henessey watches, fascinated. All the little mannerisms, the
text: differences. Shaking out a match, running a hand through her
text: hair... And never missing a thing, eyes constantly roving,
text: scanning. Guard never down. She plucks a drink from a nearby
text: table, steals it outright.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: See? Sit next to the dance floor,
dialog: every drink's free. People finish
dialog: dancing, they think the waiter lifted
dialog: 'em.
text: Henessey grimaces. Clears his throat, says:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: I'm confused. Gimme a minute.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Take two, they're small.
text: She knocks back her drink. No hesitation. Henessey shifts
text: uncomfortably, lights a smoke.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Okay. Let's say I buy it. You're
dialog: actually a trained killer, Jesus, I
dialog: can't even say it with a straight
dialog: face.
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: So then... Samantha, she...
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Never really existed. Like Nathan
dialog: said, she was a total fabrication, I
dialog: made her up.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Fabrication. And now she's just...
dialog: gone? Forever and ever?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Thank God. Look at my inordinately
dialog: large ass, look what she did to me.
text: Henessey squirms, this one's gonna take some time to digest.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Pretty convincing act.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Guess so.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: I mean, her personality, it had to
dialog: come from *somewhere* --
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Change the subject. Better yet, steal
dialog: me another drink.
text: Henessey sighs. Next to him a couple get up to dance. He
text: reaches over and lifts their beers.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Drink up. What's next?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: I called Chapter. I'm trying to bring
dialog: us in from the field alive...
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Chapter. Can you trust them?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Not sure. Until I know, you might
dialog: wanna stay away from curbs.
text: He looks at her, confused:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: They like to push people in front of
dialog: buses.
text: Didn't need to know that. A DANCING SANTA goes by:
speaker_heading: SANTA CLAUS
dialog: (bad Caribbean accent)
dialog: Hey, lady, Santa want to dance the
dialog: lambada wit'choo. *Come this way,
dialog: everybody*!
text: He shimmies away. Charly grins at Henessey:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: If I could come that way I wouldn't
dialog: need to dance the lambada. Follow
dialog: me, I need you to do something.
scene_heading: EXT. DANCE CLUB - PAY PHONE - NIGHTTIME
text: Henessey hunches forward, speaks rapidly into the phone:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: ...The lady's whacked, Trin, she's
dialog: lost it and I want fucking out, now
dialog: *call the Feds*. She's moving us
dialog: tonight, I'll sneak out to this phone,
dialog: call you back at midnight with the
dialog: details.
text: He hangs up quickly. Turns -- reveal CHARLY, lounging a foot
text: away, watching him.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: All right, Charly. What did that
dialog: accomplish?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: I'm testing our boy Perkins. I figure
dialog: he's gotta be tapping your office.
dialog: Got a light...?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: (pause, then:)
dialog: Oh, no. He just traced that call?
text: She swipes matches from his pocket. Nods.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Come midnight, you hang by the phone.
dialog: Nobody shows, we think about trusting
text: him. He tries to kidnap and torture
dialog: you, well, there it is.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Whoa, time out.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Oh, don't be such a baby.
dialog: (lights her cigarette)
dialog: Ten o'clock, we got two hours to
dialog: kill. I'm a woman, feed me.
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIC CITY BOARDWALK - NIGHTTIME
text: CARNIVAL RIDES, dead for the winter. Henessey and Charly
text: stroll beneath them. He smokes. She eats Chinese.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Ugh. God I'm full, I'm gonna have a
dialog: food baby.
text: He takes a good long look at her, still can't fathom it.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: "Charly." fucking unbelievable.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Shame about the fat ass. I bet you
dialog: were really attractive once.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Oh, I was. Check this out. One time?
dialog: A guy said he'd fuck me.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Swear to God.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Did he make good?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Absolutely. Oh, and afterwards? Oh
dialog: my God, afterwards I said the most
dialog: funny thing, you know what I said...?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I said, "Go back to your room. Dad..."
text: She laughs through a swig of beer. MEMORY FLASH: Charly's
text: bedroom as DAD puts the gun to his head and fires, CRACK...
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: It's why he thought I had him killed.
text: Henessey huddles, watching her closely.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Your father was murdered.
text: She nods, gazes out over the icy waters. Speaks, her voice
dialog: faraway and gone:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: When Da died, I went to his funeral.
dialog: 12 years old, today I wouldn't. And
dialog: I overheard a woman, she was
dialog: praying... She was thanking God --
dialog: sounded so happy -- thanking Him it
dialog: hadn't been *her* father who was
dialog: killed. See... she didn't really
dialog: care that God had let someone die...
dialog: just so long as it missed *her*.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...and she bought her cross at the
dialog: same store as mine, see, that's what
dialog: we do, we all pray to the same cross
text: on a hundred different walls, and
dialog: sit back and wait to see who gets
dialog: hit and who gets missed.
text: Anger flares in her eye. Like a stirring of mud at the bottom
text: of a deep, deep, pond.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Fuck the waiting. Fuck being afraid.
dialog: I determine who gets hit, and how
dialog: hard. And I thank no one. It's
dialog: pathetic to thank someone who spares
dialog: you -- when they're just taking
text: someone else.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Walk me upstairs?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE - BEDROOM - NIGHTTIME
text: They enter the suite. She drops her purse, sways toward him.
text: Presses him against the wall, framed there in the doorway.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: This is my first date in eight years,
dialog: Mitch. Is this a fun date...?
text: Quite suddenly, Charly leans over and kisses him on the lips.
text: He reacts, startled. Stares at her.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Okay, what's going on?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: True love, shut the fuck up.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: You kidding me? I'm an ex-con, lady.
text: I wear a shiny suit, my tie's crooked,
dialog: and the last time I got blown candy
dialog: bars cost a nickel. Plus I'm ugly,
dialog: so what's up?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Chemistry. Be quiet.
text: She nibbles his ear. Pulls back, smiling -- and Henessey's
text: holding the picture of HAL and CAITLIN. The one he found
text: torn in two. He looks her full in the face:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Chemistry my ass. Know what I think?
dialog: I think this is why you'd fuck me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: To kill a schoolteacher. Bury any
text: trace of her.
text: He pushes her away.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Sorry, I liked the schoolteacher.
dialog: When she comes back, give me a call.
text: Charly jerks backward. Angry. Henessey heads for the bathroom.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Oh, and call your fuckin' kid, will
dialog: ya'? It's two days to Christmas, and
dialog: she's under the mistaken impression
dialog: that Mommy gives a shit.
text: Charly snatches up her purse, eyes burning:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: I didn't ask for the kid, Mitch.
dialog: Samantha had the kid, not me, NOBODY
text: ASKED ME.
text: She storms out. CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHTTIME
text: Charly stalks the city streets. A quartet sings, "God Rest
dialog: Ye Merry," ostensibly about joy, oddly the most depressing
text: tune ever written. On a crowded street, she is alone. Total
text: misfit. Searches her own haggard features in a shop window.
text: Swallows hard, whispers:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Easy, baby. She ain't coming back,
dialog: no way. Bitch is dead.
text: She bustles down a sidestreet, hands jammed in her pockets.
text: That's when a tall BEARDED MAN crosses the street and falls
dialog: in alongside.
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: Good evening.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Fuck off.
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: I see me a good-looking lady, all
dialog: upset, I wonder if she doesn't need
text: some male company.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Forget it. I'm saving myself 'til I
dialog: get raped.
text: His hand edges out of his windbreaker with a snubnosed .38.
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: Step into the alley, honey. I ain't
dialog: asking, I'm telling.
dialog: Charly stops walking. Regards him the way you or I might
text: look at a telephone cord. Groans:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Oh, don't tell me. You're early,
dialog: Goddammit, you're supposed to be at
dialog: the pay phone. Go away and come back
dialog: at midnight. I'm not ready yet. Got
dialog: a light?
text: The guy stares, mouth working.
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: Lady, I have a gun!
text: Which is precisely when a much larger Smith and Wesson COCKS
text: next to his ear:
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: This ain't no ham on rye, pal.
text: HENESSEY holds the gun rock steady in his big fist. Charly
text: spins on him, eyes flashing:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: What the hell are you doing here?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Saving your life. Woulda got here
dialog: sooner but I was thinking up the
dialog: sandwich line.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: You think I couldn't take him?
dialog: *Idiot*, you probably scared the
dialog: other guy away --
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: What other guy -- ?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
text: Headhunters, nimrod, they go in pairs,
dialog: were you always this stupid or did
dialog: you take lessons?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
text: I TOOK LESSONS.
text: The hitman watches, bewildered. Considers waving to get their
text: attention. Finally he can't stand it. Blurts out:
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: Hey!
text: Charly snaps her head toward him:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: *What*?
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: I still got this fucking gun!
text: She smiles sweetly.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: No, you don't.
text: Takes it off him. Just like that. He stares dumbly at his
text: empty hand. Half of his trigger finger is missing.
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
speaker_heading: SHIIIIT!!
text: Charly flips the gun into the air. Launches a SPIN KICK.
text: Shatters his jaw. Catapults him backwards.
text: Completes her spin, catlike -- Catches the .38 on its way
text: down. DOESN'T STOP THERE. Arm out, gun cocked -- FIRES.
text: Straight at Henessey, what...? He dives aside --
text: BEHIND HIM, a second HITMAN. Blown to tatters. The KNIFE
text: meant for Henessey arcs through the air...
text: Imbeds itself in the ground an inch from the prone detective.
text: He stares at it with shocked eyes. The killer hits, dead.
text: Twitches. CHARLY. Lowers her arm slowly. Gun barrel smoking.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Fuck you. Just fuck all of you.
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIC CITY STREET - NIGHTTIME
text: A BRONCO ROARS UP out of a parking garage. Swerves and plunges
text: into the maze of streets that inspired the world's most
dialog: popular board game.
scene_heading: INT. BRONCO - SAME
text: Charly drives, possessed. Henessey drinks. Hands shaking.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Dammit. I knew I couldn't trust that
dialog: prick.
text: She throws a shrieking skid. Henessey clutches for the
text: dashboard, swearing.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Easy, Spike. I got myself out of
dialog: Beirut once, I think I can get us
dialog: out of New Jersey.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Don't be so sure, others have tried.
text: The entire population, in fact.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, about me...? I mean, what's
dialog: up, you're this hot survival chick,
dialog: I'm getting the feeling you don't
dialog: need me anymore.
text: Charly reaches over. Yanks the doorhandle.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Good point.
text: She kicks him out of the moving car.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - SAME TIME
text: He bounces off the highway. Rolls. Over and over, shudders
text: to a stop. Pause... The wind blows. He groans. Looks up,
text: spits gravel. Stands. Dusts himself off. Watches the Bronco
dialog: go far away.
scene_heading: TIME CUT - EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: As Henessey trudges wearily down the highway we HEAR:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Mom: I was tortured, now I'm in
dialog: Atlantic City. The girl of my dreams
text: just threw me out of a speeding car.
dialog: Now more people will come an shoot
dialog: me in the head. On the plus side, I
text: won two bucks at video poker.
text: A SCREECH of tires, he turns, startled -- here comes the
text: Bronco. Skids onto the highway and races back toward him.
text: Pulls up alongside. CHARLY throws open the door, says:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Get in.
text: He does. Without a word. Closes the door, they drive off. He
text: lights a cigarette like nothing happened. Shakes out the
text: match, speaks without looking at her:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Found a use for me.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Yep.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I gotta vanish, Mitch. I need money,
dialog: a whole bunch.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Why didn't you say so? Gimme a second
text: while I pull it out of my ass.
text: She turns to him, a gleam in her eye. Speaks softly:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: The key, Mitch. The one I keep around
dialog: my neck.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: What if I told you it's the key to
dialog: Box 406 at Pittsburgh International
dialog: Airport?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: How would you know? Someone filed
dialog: off the numbers.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Not someone. Me. I filed them off.
dialog: (beat)
text: There's a briefcase in Box 406, Mitch.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: What's in it?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: $200,000.
text: Henessey does a spit-take, sprays whiskey.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Payment for my last assignment. I
dialog: need you to retrieve it for me.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Don't be stupid, they might have the
dialog: place covered. I don't want to get
text: shot to pieces.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Shoulda known.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Gimme the key.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: I'd love to. I left it with Caitlin
dialog: back in Ohio.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - NIGHT
text: The BRONCO races on into the night...
scene_heading: INT. BRONCO - SAME TIME
text: Late, very late now. Henessey, driving. Beside him, Charly
text: reclines, lost in reverie. Features bathed in passing
text: roadlights. Henessey grinds out a butt:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Humor me: you're a paid assassin,
dialog: then you fall off a cliff. Sink under
dialog: the ocean, and when you come out
dialog: you're a fucking schoolmarm, wanna
dialog: tell me what happened?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: I fell into a school of fish, they
dialog: elected me principal. Shut the fuck
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Mmmm. Personally...? I'm thinking
dialog: maybe Samantha Caine wasn't an act.
dialog: Maybe you forgot to hate yourself
dialog: for eight years, ever think of
dialog: that...?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Shut. The. Fuck. Up. Hmmm... Nope,
dialog: seems clear enough to me. Hate myself,
dialog: Christ almighty. What are you, my
dialog: shrink?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: No, just some loser thought he could
dialog: maybe understand, fuck it. I been
dialog: there, you know. I'd kill for fucking
dialog: amnesia. I'm with my boy and all I
dialog: can think is I got reamed in the ass
dialog: by three guys. Merry Christmas, son,
dialog: here's a ball glove, did you know
dialog: Daddy screamed when they carved the
dialog: name in his back...? Mary, by the
dialog: way. I pushed for Cindy, but hell.
dialog: God, I'm tired.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I never did one thing right, you
dialog: know it, not one fucking thing. Not
dialog: even accidental, that takes skill.
text: He looks over. She's asleep, hasn't heard a word. Face slack,
text: lips slightly parted. The toughness banished from her
text: features. In its place, a lingering sadness. CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAWN BREAKING
text: The Bronco glides along. Charly in the passenger seat, eyes
text: roving like a hawk's. THE CAINE HOUSE is peaceful and quiet.
text: Christmas lights, still burning dimly.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Drive past, don't slow down.
dialog: (points)
dialog: Park under those trees, honk if
dialog: there's trouble.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: (bad Rochester)
dialog: Yas, massah, I be slowin' de caw
dialog: down fo' you.
text: She stuffs a .45 automatic in her waistband. Cradles an MP-5
text: beneath her coat. Rolls out of the still-moving truck. Makes
text: her way through back yards. Silent as a cat. She went to
text: cookouts here. Bridge parties. Now she prowls, a grim
dialog: assassin.
text: Leaps a fence, drops behind a woodpile -- Comes face to face
text: with RAYMOND, a fifth grade student we saw earlier. Secreted
text: behind the woodpile, SMOKING. His eyes pop as he spies good
text: ol' Ms. Caine, sporting blonde hair and an assault weapon.
text: Charly doesn't miss a beat:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Good morning, Raymond.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Um... morning, Ms. Caine.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: What did we learn about the dangers
dialog: of smoking...? Give it here.
text: A wet stain appears at his crotch. He hands her the cigarette
text: with nerveless fingers. Charly accepts it. Takes a long,
text: satisfying drag. Passes it back.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Thanks. Tell anyone you saw me I'll
dialog: blow your fucking head off.
text: Moves off through the bushes. Out of sight.
scene_heading: EXT. CAINE BACK YARD - MOMENTS LATER
text: Charly kicks aside a pair of abandoned ice skates. Crouches,
text: face pressed to the glass door. Looking in. The house is
text: silent and empty. Nobody home. The Christmas tree winks off
text: and on. The tree she helped decorate. She opens the door and
text: slips inside. CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNMENT ISSUE SEDAN - DRIVING - SAME TIME
text: Three GOVERNMENT AGENTS. Faces drawn, haggard. Pit-stained
text: shirts, day old sandwiches. Carrying photographs of Charly
text: and Henessey. Agent #1 sighs, examining her figure.
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: Man, I'd eat a mile of her shit just
dialog: to follow it back to the ass it came
dialog: from.
speaker_heading: AGENT #2
dialog: Christ, I'm trying to have breakfast.
text: A RADIO MIC on the dash squawks, a voice says:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Unit 2 to Red Dog, give us one more
dialog: pass, let's make sure the house is
dialog: secure.
scene_heading: EXT. CAITLIN'S BEDROOM - SAME TIME
text: Charly enters. All business. Begins to systematically rifle
dialog: the drawers. Her daughter's precious things. Sweeps everything
text: onto the floor. Utter disregard, it's a bit startling.
text: Crosses to the bed, throws back the covers -- MR. PERKINS
text: (the stuffed bear) has the chain around his neck.
text: We hear it, then. Ghosting on the still air, barely audible,
text: the sound of SINGING... Children's voices waft across the
text: frozen pond from St. Paul's Episcopal CHURCH. Charly frowns.
text: Crosses to the window, lifts the sash.
text: Pause. Charly chews her lip. Unlimbers the MP-5. Hefts the
text: wicked-looking thing. Not to fire it... but to use the SCOPE.
text: Adjusts focus. Practiced movements. Deft. Sure. Sights down
text: the weapon. Scans though the gunsights...
text: POV CHARLY: Hal's CHRISTMAS PAGEANT. There's Hal. Cast in
text: spectral GREEN. Laughing and serving breakfast. On the church
text: lawn, a NATIVITY scene. Teenage girls as the wise men. Choir
text: of children, singing... CAITLIN among them.
text: Charly is sweating. She lowers the scope. Squeezes her eyes
text: shut. Something in her, threatening to WRENCH LOOSE...
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF CAINE HOUSE - SAME TIME
text: Henessey, slouched behind the wheel. Starts to light a
text: cigarette. Stops, the match halfway to his face. Eyes riveted
text: on the rearview mirror as a GOVERNMENT SEDAN turns the corner
text: behind him...
scene_heading: BACK WITH CHARLY - INSIDE
text: Watching her family, far away. Fighting emotion. That's when
text: she hears A HORN HONKING. Her head whips around, toward the
text: front of the house. The honk is followed by three GUNSHOTS
text: in rapid succession.
text: She's up and moving. All else forgotten.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF CAINE HOUSE - SAME TIME
text: Henessey PEELS OUT, tires smoking. Careens forward, government
dialog: SEDAN close behind --
text: The upstairs window EXPLODES outward. Charly, hurtles through.
text: Freefalls to the porch roof. Glass, showering down. Hits,
text: rolls. Surfaces in a combat crouch, FIRES.
text: Government sedan, KILLS THE PASSENGER. Collapses him over
text: the doorframe. Gun clatters to the street, car speeds off --
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNMENT SEDAN - DRIVING
text: The driver looks over, incredulous.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: He's dead. Goddammit, how did that
dialog: happen??
speaker_heading: BACKSEAT
dialog: *Go bulletproof, now*!
text: The driver hits a button and up go the windows. All, that
dialog: is, except the passenger side window -- Because the dead
text: guy's bald HEAD blocks it. Becomes WEDGED there. Bald pate
dialog: exposed to the world.
scene_heading: BACK WITH CHARLY - FRONT OF HOUSE
text: Charly watches the two vehicles rocketing away down the
text: street. Out of range. Lowers the smoking .45. SWEARS. Takes
text: off around the house at a dead run.
scene_heading: INT. ST. PAUL'S - SAME TIME
text: Switch scenery: the Christmas Pageant, CAITLIN and fellow
text: angels traipse into the church vestibule... Caitlin looks up
text: just in time to see TIMOTHY apply the chloroform.
text: Two seconds, she's out like a light. Next case. Up and moving,
text: child tucked neatly under his arm. A NEARBY MOTHER OF THREE
text: has seen it happen. Opens her mouth to scream -- He palms a
text: KNIFE. Puts it to her youngest son's kidney:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Wanna be a statistic, lady? You're
dialog: about to have 2.4 children.
text: Freezes her. Petrified.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: I know where you live. Close your
dialog: mouth, you look like a fish. Merry
dialog: Christmas.
text: He exits into the vestibule. Quick. Professional.
scene_heading: MEANWHILE, BACK AT THE RANCH:
text: High speed chase, in progress. The driver dogs Henessey,
text: jockeys for position. Barks into a radio mic:
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Target two, acquired! Red Dog in
text: pursuit, backup requested.
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: You got him?
speaker_heading: BACKSEAT
dialog: I got him.
text: The backseat agent hefts an AK-47 assault rifle.
scene_heading: WITH HENESSEY - DRIVING
text: Henessey checks the rear view mirror -- just in time to see
text: a circular portion of glass POP from the chase car's window.
text: Out comes a gun muzzle.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Jesus wept.
text: The guy opens up on full auto. Rakes the Bronco, STRAFES it.
text: Henessey swerves madly -- no go. Death run. He's not coming
dialog: home, not this time.
scene_heading: EXT. FROZEN POND - SAME TIME
text: CHARLY BALTIMORE hurtles forward, SPEED SKATING across the
text: frozen pond toward the chase vehicles. Long, coltish legs,
dialog: to die for.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: This is gross, this is gonna be so
dialog: Goddamn gross...
text: She goes SIDESLIPPING at superhuman speed. Tacks alongside
text: the government sedan. Targets the bald guy's head. Raises
text: the .45 and FIRES. Not to be graphic, but the car's driver
text: receives the bulk of the mess. SPRAYED.
text: Across the eyes. He loses control, SKIDS OUT. Catapults off
text: the road, onto the ice. Slides right toward Charly, *still
dialog: doing fifty*...
text: She doesn't miss a beat. LAUNCHES herself, twisting in
text: midair... Up OVER THE HOOD of the sedan, it blows by
text: underneath her as
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The incredible part. In slow motion, she does a DOUBLE AXEL
text: PIRHOUETTE. Above the hood. Mid-spin, she blows THREE SHOTS
text: through the windshield. Kills everyone. Keeps going. The car
text: spins twice around. PLOWS to a halt -- Charly hits a picture
dialog: perfect landing.
text: On the shore, HENESSEY watches, thunderstruck. Charly skates
text: by the icebound sedan. Flashes a grin at the dying driver:
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Shit... it really... *is* you...
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Phil...? Phil Krauss? I don't believe
dialog: it, they moved you from cyphers.
dialog: Long time, man, I figured you were
text: dead by now.
text: She delivers a blow to the neck. Kills him. CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DRIVING - DAYTIME
text: Henessey and Charly, driving a new vehicle: late model
text: Cadillac. Charly driver. Henessey rifles the glove
dialog: compartment.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: So, Mitch. Still think I'm warm and
dialog: fuzzy?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Sure. It's not your fault the gun
text: accidentally went off in mid-air as
dialog: you tripped and flew over the car.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Exactly. What's in the glove box?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Phone bill, Christmas card... Five
dialog: buck, swell. You didn't have to kill
dialog: him, you know.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Back off, man. Do I tell you how to
dialog: snap photos of extramarital blowjobs?
dialog: No.
text: There is a short, CHIRPING sound. Seemingly from nowhere.
text: They exchange puzzled looks, what the hell...? Charly abruptly
text: realizes it's coming from her purse. She reaches in, scoops
text: up the CELLULAR PHONE, the one she told Caitlin to call.
text: Thumbs the button. Says cautiously:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Hello?
text: A voice, then... Clipped tones, TIMOTHY'S voice:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY (O.S.)
dialog: It's me, I got your kid. Give your
dialog: location, we gotta lose the cellular.
text: Charly. Hand gripped tight on the phone. Pause, then:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
text: State Road 80, 15 minutes west of
dialog: Harrison.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Okay, here's how we do it. Drive to
text: Harrison, find their main bus stop.
dialog: Pay phone, fifteen minutes. Better
dialog: drive fast, after five rings I hang
dialog: up.
dialog: Click.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: What the hell was that?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: He's got the kid. Doesn't want to
dialog: talk on the airwaves, he's routing
dialog: me to a land line. A pay phone.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Which phone? Where?
text: The detective's mind, racing... suddenly it hits him:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Shit. Service centers...! They list
dialog: 'em on the back of phone bills, right?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Shut up and find me a gun. HK, MP-5.
text: As he rips open the bill we CUT TO:
text: A neutral background, as Charly's HEAD enters frame, we're
text: very tight on her FACE... Tense, thin-lipped. A PHONE RINGS,
text: deafening. Click -- Charly speaks tersely:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Verify you have her.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY (O.S.)
dialog: I got your cellular number off a
text: cast on her right wrist. Right below
dialog: Mommy loves you... Picture of a panda.
dialog: Dog, panda, it's got funky ears.
text: CLOSE ON CHARLY: Dead still. Made of glass.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY (O.S.)
dialog: I want money, Charly. I know you've
dialog: got numbered accounts, we all do.
dialog: I'll let you know where and when.
dialog: Fuck with me...? I'll blind the kid
text: and shoot out her knees.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: You're dead, motherfucker. We don't
dialog: involve families. It's not the way
dialog: it's done, *we don't take families*.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: I'll be in touch.
text: He hangs up. Dead silence. HOLD on Charly's face... until
text: slowly, ever so slowly, the camera pulls back to REVEAL:
text: The .45 automatic -- Pointed at the head of an AT&amp;T operator.
text: THE PHONE COMPANY, they've taken it over. Employees CRINGE
text: on the floor. Henessey, MP-5 slung on his shoulder, leveled.
text: Charly points to the switchboard:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Give me an ANI trace. Do it.
scene_heading: EXT. PINE-COVERED MOUNTIANS - UPSTATE NEW YORK - MORNING
text: Set back from the mountain road, a lonely MOTEL. A neon sign:
text: *Deer Lick Motel*, No vacancies. The sign sits atop a rusty
text: pole. Blinks forlornly.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - SAME TIME
text: TIMOTHY hangs up and turns to MR. PERKINS, seated across the
dialog: room:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: It's done, she hooked. All I gotta
dialog: do is set the ransom meet.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: She mustn't suspect a trap.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: No way. She thinks I'm acting alone,
dialog: remember? Say the word, I'll hand
dialog: her to you on a plate.
text: Perkins crosses to the bed. Rubs tired eyes. Gazes down at
text: Caitlin. Asleep, a syringe on the nightstand beside her.
text: Next to a brown paper bag.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: God. We're monsters, aren't we...?
dialog: (pause, then:)
dialog: Forget Charly. Talk to me about
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
text: The tanker's on its way from
text: Charleston, ETA 1:00 a.m. One
text: terrorist on ice, waiting to play
dialog: patsy.
dialog: (points)
dialog: What's in the sack?
text: Perkins follows his gaze: the brown paper bag. Smiles thinly.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: That...? Something to prove that I'm
dialog: not a complete ogre.
text: He reaches into the paper bag and brings out a BABY DOLL.
text: Sweet, innocent. Frilly with lace. A bright red bow.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: See? The young one will have a doll
dialog: to play with on Christmas. Very
dialog: popular item. It... well, it pees.
dialog: You put water in it and... oh, fuck
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. ROADSIDE RESTAURANT - NEW YORK STATE - TWILIGHT
text: Charly and Henessey, eating at HARDEE'S. Seated across from
text: each other at an orange plastic table, scarfing Christmas
text: burgers. Outside, a billboard reads: WELCOME TO SANTA CLAUS!
dialog: *Where it's Christmas all year long*!
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
text: Almost dark now.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Another ten minutes. You want my
dialog: Crazy Meal action figure?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Pass. Listen, you sure we're doing
dialog: the right thing? We've got money, we
dialog: could negotiate...
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: *I'll get the damn kid*, okay? God,
dialog: I hope he doesn't shoot her up. Kid's
text: dead weight if she's sedated.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Not so emotional, I'm getting
dialog: embarrassed with these outbursts
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Oh, balls. Want me to cry on cue? I
dialog: can. This is an extraction, nimrod,
dialog: and she's the target, that's how to
dialog: play it, the only way to beat this
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Yeah? How come you know so much about
dialog: this fucking guy?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Don't go there, Mitch, you don't
dialog: want to know.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: I'm here. Suppose you tell me.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Fine, you asked. I bumped pelvises
dialog: with this guy. In Paris, back in
dialog: 1987.
text: She knows she's shocking him, rubs it in:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: I'd been assigned to kill his boss,
dialog: remember...? Needed him out of the
dialog: way. So I let him seduce me. Had a
text: steel needle under the pillow, figured
dialog: to stick him *en flagrante*, that
dialog: means while we were screwing. But he
dialog: was too slick. Bashed me in the head,
dialog: finished, then threw me in the trunk
dialog: of a car. Still think I'm a girl
dialog: scout, Mitch...?
text: The look in her eyes is feral.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: It's almost dark. Let's get it done.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - NIGHTTIME
text: Full dark now, the fun begins... A TANKER TRUCK rumbles up
text: the mountain road. Pulls up before the Deer Lick Motel. MEN
text: IN SUITS wield flashlights, motioning the truck forward into
text: a cavernous GARAGE. Inside, men in BLUE JUMPSUITS operate
text: cranes, maneuver a FILL TANK into place above the truck.
scene_heading: EXT. SURROUNDING MOUNTAINSIDE - SAME TIME
text: In the distance, as the tanker enters the garage -- CHARLY
text: BALTIMORE drops into frame. Lands and rolls, cat-quick. Comes
text: up behind a scrawny pine. Scans through a pair of Zeiss
text: Nightvision binoculars.
dialog: Welcome to the extraction. No more fun and games, tonight
text: it's a survival-zero operation. HENESSEY appears at her elbow.
text: Lugging the ordnance bag. He sees Charly lower the binoculars,
text: head in hands.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: They're here.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Fucking Chapter, that's who. Timothy
text: acting alone, Caitlin had a chance.
dialog: Now...? She's dead meat.
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - SAME TIME
text: As the tanker snorts to a halt, TIMOTHY pulls up, driving a
text: bright red Jaguar. Gets out as a blue-suit trots up:
speaker_heading: BLUE-SUIT
dialog: 1800 hours. We're still trying to
dialog: clean the tanker --
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: (scowls annoyance)
dialog: Fuck the cleaning, just drain it and
dialog: reload. Chop-chop, I'm going bunjee
dialog: jumping after this.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE - SAME TIME
text: Charly and Henessey. Kneeling. He speaks tersely:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Let me go in.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Negative. You stomp around like a
dialog: forties drunk and you're a lousy
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: I get by.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: You couldn't hit a lake if you were
text: standing on the bottom, now shut the
dialog: fuck up.
text: Charly studies the encampment. Armed men. Impossible odds.
text: Draws a long ragged breath and flops on the ground. Props
text: her back against a tree. Staring. Lights a cigarette:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: I saw a little girl.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: Come again?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: That's what happened under the water.
dialog: That night, eight years ago.
text: She looks up at the sky. Face troubled.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: At the end... there she was, this
text: pretty little girl at the bottom of
text: the ocean, smiling at me. Three years
dialog: old, didn't know Daddies hid in
text: closets, not yet. Stared up at me in
dialog: the strangest way... saying how'd it
dialog: come to this, we were so pretty and
dialog: perfect, now look at us, sinking
dialog: with our head all open... Said when
dialog: she grew up she was gonna teach
dialog: school. She couldn't wait.
text: She heaves a sigh. Threads a silencer on a baretta.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
text: Guards are on 27-1 megahertz, meet
dialog: me at 26-9, you need to talk. As
dialog: soon as you spot me with the kid,
text: start blowing the charges.
text: Henessey nods. Pause -- she does something unexpected. Leans
text: over and kisses him hard on the lips. He reacts, startled.
text: She pulls back, the oddest look on her face.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: They're gonna blow my head off, you
dialog: know.
dialog: (softly:)
dialog: This is the last time I'll ever be
dialog: pretty.
text: She kisses him again. Softly. Tenderly. Pulls back, turns
text: without a word.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Time now. What I do next, they tell
dialog: me it... looks like a machine or
dialog: something. You don't like it, don't
dialog: look.
text: She moves off toward the trees. Henessey shifts from foot to
text: foot, awkwardly. Opens his mouth --
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Don't say it.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: I was gonna say enjoy life, eat out
dialog: more often.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Gotta go.
dialog: (beat)
text: If she's alive, she's coming out of
dialog: there, Mitch. If she's not... they'll
dialog: know we stopped by.
text: She's gone, like a wraith. CUT TO:
text: SERIES OF SHOTS: Charly, on the prowl. In and out of the
text: trees... BURYING C-4 CHARGES. In bushes. In snowdrifts. She
text: crawls to woods' edge, peers out -- The motel stands solemn
text: and bedraggled. Draws a sharp breath -- !
text: There's a LIT CANDLE in the window of 17. CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL GROUNDS - SAME TIME
text: A gray-suited SENTRY. Poised on a wooded slope. He puts a
text: walkie-talkie to his lips and says:
speaker_heading: SENTRY
text: All clear.
text: CHARLY, out of nowhere. Lightning fast. Hand, clamped on
text: mouth. In goes the knife. Deep. He burbles blood. Drops.
text: Before he hits, Charly's already switched from knife to gun
dialog: and moved on.
scene_heading: EXT. UNIT 17 - SAME TIME
text: Charly appears from the shadows. Ghosts up to the window of
text: #17 and peers in. Scans. Misses nothing. Crosses to the door,
text: taps lightly. Watches the PEEPHOLE, a tiny pinprick of light.
text: Abruptly darkened by a human eye --
text: She presses the silenced Beretta to the hole and fires. Sputs
text: of splinters. From behind the door, a muffled thud. She goes
text: to work on the lock.
scene_heading: BACK WITH HENESSEY - MINUTES HAVE PASSED
text: Henessey lies prone, binoculars trained on the motel.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Christ, lady, what are you doing in
dialog: there, playing fucking mah-jongg?
dialog: *Move*.
text: Behind him, a tiny, sharp click--! TIMOTHY has a Skorpion
text: machine pistol aimed at his head.
text: The killer speaks into a radio unit, a single word --
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Bogey.
text: POP-! go the Kleig lights. BRILLIANCE, blinding -- CATCHES
text: CHARLY coming out of 17. Pins her dead to rights. Unconscious
text: DAUGHTER cradled in her arms. Tiny DOLL cradled in the kid's.
text: Charly runs, as the ground around her erupts like a
scene_heading: SHELLBURST.
text: TIMOTHY, MEANWHILE, shouting into his walkie-talkie, saying:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Take her alive, Perkins wants her!
text: Henessey watches, helpless and PANICKED, as Charly tumbles
text: BACKWARD. Crashes through a CELLAR ACCESS, it splinters
text: beneath her...! Plunges into blackness.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - PITCH BLACK
text: She hits, cushions the kid. Grunt of PAIN... THE DARKNESS
text: EXPLODES into kaleidoscopic FLASHES OF GUNFIRE, Charly strafe
text: it all. Blows through the clip, hits the lights:
text: She's killed household items. BRICK WALLS, blasted. Rusty
text: tools, faded signs -- THREE TEN-GALLON GAS CANS which she's
dialog: managed to PERFORATE, good one, Charly... The gas comes
text: bubbling out on burps and splatters, drenching the floor.
text: Charly casts about for an escape route. Set into the brick
text: wall, a huge steel DOOR. She flings it open -- MEAT LOCKER.
text: Nothing there, no help. Eyes darting. Possessed.
text: A GRAVELY VOICE wafts down from above, then. Deadly serious:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: I smell gasoline, you have a little
dialog: accident...? I got plenty of matches
dialog: up here. Bad way for a kid to go.
dialog: Thirty seconds, think it over.
text: CHARLY stands in place, mind racing... Caitlin's DOLL. Regards
text: her dully. Plastic smile like it knows a secret. CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL - 2ND FLOOR - NIGHTTIME
text: A MATCH FLARES as it descends into the bowl of a pipe... MR.
text: PERKINS puffs mightily. Turns and favors CHARLY and HENESSEY
text: with a thoughtful gaze, they're handcuffed to radiator...
text: TIMOTHY straddles a nearby chair. Smiles and says:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Good to have you back again, Chuck.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: You know, Colonel, you ought really
dialog: to have stayed dead. You don't know
dialog: the rules of the game anymore.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: No shit. Eight years ago, you send
dialog: me to kill Daedalus and this clown.
dialog: Now you're working *with* him.
text: He crosses to the fireplace, flips the match inside.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: Budget cuts, remember? Congress
dialog: blinded us in Eastern Europe, Central
text: America. Across the board, an
dialog: intelligence blackout. We had to
dialog: recruit any eyes and ears we could
dialog: find, even if it meant going to former
dialog: targets.
text: Pause. Suddenly Charly's eyes go wide. She whispers:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Budget cuts... oh, God. Is *that*
dialog: what this is about...? The foot
dialog: soldiers, the tanker truck... Fuck
dialog: me, you're running a fundraiser!!
text: Comprehension, dawning. She looks up in disbelief.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: You'll get all the money you want at
dialog: the next budget hearing, won't you...?
dialog: All you need is a major terrorist
dialog: incident.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: Interesting theory.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Theory, my ass. I think some
dialog: terrorists were planning a strike.
dialog: Bought supplies from Daedalus, that's
dialog: how you knew they were coming...
dialog: (eyes widening)
dialog: No way. Don't tell me you're gonna
dialog: sit there and let them go through
dialog: with it, *just to get a budget
dialog: increase*.
text: Perkins shrugs philosophically.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: It's not without precedent. 1993,
dialog: remember the World Trade Center
dialog: bombing...? The CIA had advance
dialog: knowledge, don't think they didn't.
dialog: Worse, the diplomat who issued the
dialog: terrorist's visa was CIA, they
dialog: *facilitated* the bombing. Purely to
dialog: justify a budget increase. Of course,
dialog: they'd no way of knowing the
dialog: terrorists would botch the job.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: That's not gonna happen this time...?
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: No. This time, the terrorist event
dialog: will come off precisely as planned.
dialog: This time the terrorists can't muck
dialog: it up... because we've killed them
text: and taken over.
text: Charly and Henessey react, startled...
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL GROUNDS - NIGHTTIME
text: On the move. Our two heroes, shepherded across the compound.
text: Timothy's casualness is belied by the presence of two
text: dyspeptic GUARDS, each keeping a safe distance.
text: A POCK-FACED AGENT approaches briskly, RIFLE across his
text: shoulder. Holds out his hand:
speaker_heading: POCK
dialog: Found these buried around the
dialog: perimeter.
text: Timothy studies it: C-4 CHARGE with remote detonation unit.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Make sure you get all of them.
text: The agent rushes off. Timothy looks at Charly reproachfully:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Chuck, you give me the fuck of my
dialog: life then try to stick me, come back
dialog: from the dead, whack my boss... No
dialog: sense lyin', I'm miffed.
text: Moves like lightning. WHACK-! Kidney shot. Charly stumbles,
text: vision going black. Fights for balance. Henessey starts to
text: react but a GUN MUZZLE stops him. Charly straightens. Grits
dialog: her teeth, says:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: So what's the plan? What's going out
dialog: in the tanker?
text: Timothy and the guards exchange looks. Cracking up, they
text: can't believe it -- Charly's not laughing. Looks at Timothy
text: with hooded, lifeless eyes:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: What's the plan? I'm gonna die, I
dialog: wanna know.
text: Timothy lights a cigarette. Studies Charly.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: You wanna know the plan?
text: He casually points to the neighboring valley, where Christmas
text: lights twinkle.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Santa Claus -- small town U.S.A.
dialog: personified. We drive the chemical
dialog: tanker in tonight, park it. Add a
dialog: catalyst, chain reaction, it goes
dialog: hot. We evacuate. The mix heats
dialog: overnight, goes critical at 312
dialog: degrees Celsius. 8:00 Christmas
text: morning... Main Street looks like a
dialog: meteor strike.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Are you fucking insane? You're talking
dialog: about 10,000 people!!
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Easy, Mitch.
dialog: (to Timothy)
dialog: How you gonna blame it on terrorists?
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Those roads are treacherous this
dialog: time of year. When we dump a car to
text: the bottom of a ravine, with the
dialog: corpse of Imn Al Rahman in it... get
dialog: the picture?
text: Pause. Charly summons herself. Her voice a dull rasp:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Listen to me, Timothy. Please. Let
dialog: my kid go.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Why? For old times' sake...?
text: She shakes her head:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Goddamn you, *look at her eyes*...
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: And why exactly should I do that...?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: (spits blood)
dialog: Because they're yours, motherfucker.
text: She stares Timothy full in the face.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: That night in Paris, I got pregnant.
dialog: The little girl's your daughter.
text: Dead silence. A pause... Then Timothy brays LAUGHTER.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Priceless. Can't believe it...
text: Hooting out loud. Tears, streaming... He manages to bring
text: himself under control. Stops, gestures to the CELLAR ACCESS,
text: the dark awaits...
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Kid's down there. What it is, Charly,
dialog: they're gonna find you both frozen
text: to death in the woods. Suicide pact.
text: Charly fights to contain herself.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: She's no risk, Timothy, *let her
dialog: go*.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
text: The freezer's downstairs, Charly.
dialog: Let's get it done.
text: Charly and Henessey are separated at gunpoint. A look passes
text: between them. Henessey swallows hard.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: I'll wait for you to rescue me.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Be just a minute.
text: Charly goes through the opening.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - SAME TIME
text: The same CELLAR she occupied earlier. Timothy behind her, he
text: wrinkles his nose in distaste.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Shit, this place is loaded with fumes,
dialog: nobody light a fucking match. You
dialog: check her for flammables?
speaker_heading: GUN GUARD
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Checked her for colon cancer.
text: Caitlin is sitting in a chair.
text: Bundled in flannel, clutching her baby doll, the one Perkins
text: bought for her. She looks up at Charly dully. Sucking her
dialog: thumb.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Mommy...
text: Charly composes herself.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Shhhhh. Mommy's here, it's okay.
dialog: Safe and snug... what comes next,
dialog: huh...? What's the next part?
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
text: ...bug in a rug... man with white
dialog: hair... says the same thing you say...
text: Charly licks her lips. Easy, Charly, keep cool, she mustn't
dialog: die afraid...
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: We're going to take a nap together,
dialog: Cate. You can have your dolly, and
dialog: Mommy will be next to you, how's
dialog: that? It'll be like bears in winter.
dialog: When they get cold, see, they fall
text: deep, deep asleep...
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Bears, yeah, yeah. Enough.
text: He points to the STEEL DOOR of the meat freezer. The guard
text: opens it onto a gleaming silver CHAMBER. Timothy calmly
text: adjusts the thermostat. Sub zero. The guard reaches for
text: Caitlin's doll... Charly snatches it back. Face etched in
dialog: disgust.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: You're murdering us both, cocksucker,
dialog: let the kid have her fucking dolly.
text: He subsides, unable to meet her gaze. At which point, Timothy
text: tosses her the WOODEN BOX.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Chuck, I'm not a total creep. I'll
dialog: make you a deal, okay? There's a
dialog: knife in that box. Now, you and the
dialog: kid, you're going to freeze, *but* --
dialog: if you kill the kid *by your own
dialog: hand*...? I won't kill your husband.
dialog: Serious. We're gonna open that door
dialog: and you'll both be frozen solid, but
dialog: I wanna know that you've cut your
text: own child's throat.
dialog: You don't want to ever be on the receiving end of the LOOK
text: she gives him... Steps into the freezer, holding Caitlin. As
text: the door starts to swing shut, she says:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: It ain't over, motherfucker. You're
dialog: gonna die screaming and I'm gonna
dialog: watch. Am I telling the truth...?
text: She flashes him her most DAZZLING smile -- The whole room
text: lights up. She can do that. As the door erases her from view,
text: a chill dances up Timothy's spine... because there was nothing
text: resembling doubt on her face.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR MEAT LOCKER - SAME TIME
text: CHARLY crosses with Caitlin to the far corner.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Mom, it's cold in here-!
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Shhh. Just for a little bit. Polar
dialog: bear, remember?
text: Moves. Quick. Methodical. Breaks open the BOX: Sure enough,
text: a hunting knife. Without missing a beat, she crosses to the
text: STEEL DOOR. Kneels and begins DIGGING at the bottom edge.
text: CARVING into the brick, what the hell...?
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS INTERROGATION ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Henessey, by the window. Tied to a chair. Timothy paces before
text: him, carrying three razor-keen SCALPELS. Pegs one into the
text: wall with deadly accuracy.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Tell me where Charly keeps her money.
dialog: She must have mentioned it.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Get fucked, you dumb bastard. Charly
dialog: called Washington, by morning this
dialog: whole place'll be crawling with Feds.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: We'll be gone by then, Mitch.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Yeah, well, that's what I'm saying,
dialog: there's a couple Feds, they couldn't
dialog: sleep, said they might come early.
dialog: Fuck you, someone'll screw up. Just
dialog: watch.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Already did, Mitch, someone already
dialog: did. Perkins got stuck with a double
text: agent, someone trusted, highly placed.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Me.
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Chinks are paying me to bring down
dialog: Chapter.
text: Henessey reacts, startled. Timothy chuckles:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Truck goes, hundreds dead -- rescue
dialog: teams within minutes, guess what
dialog: they find...?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: The patsy.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Uh-uh. They find Chapter, caught
dialog: with their pants down. See, Mitch, I
text: dumped in a much faster chemical
dialog: catalyst...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The tanker's gonna blow *tonight*.
text: In the center of town, thirty-five
text: minutes from now.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR MEAT LOCKER - SAME TIME
text: CHARLY, sweating at sub zero. Brushes hair from her eyes.
text: Blinks. Still jabbing with the knife, *why the hell is she
text: digging*? Gonna crawl under the damn door? She's gone loopy.
text: Lying flat, she appraises her work --
text: A TINY NOTCH. Poked through to the other side. The actual
text: penetration to daylight: millimeters. Then, she does two
text: seemingly nonsensical things: Crosses to Caitlin -- gently
text: takes the doll from her, then:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Open.
text: Reaches in her mouth. Takes out her RETAINER.
text: Must be the temperature. Crosses to the door again. Kneels
text: down. Calmly, with infinite care, takes the retainer...
text: Inverts it, now it's *trough*-shaped. Holds it flush against
text: the tiny NOTCH she carved. BABY DOLL, now. Holds it directly
text: above the retainer. Depresses the KNOB in its back:
text: It pees gasoline. Gas, trickling down the retainer, through
text: the brick -- into the other ROOM.
text: Not much. Enough. She stands. DRAWS A TRAIL with the doll.
text: Crosses, dribbling, over to Caitlin. Hands the doll back to
dialog: her. What next..?
text: She grabs the hunting knife, that's what. RAISES IT HIGH --
dialog: One terrifying moment, is she gonna put it in the kid...?
text: Hardly. Brings it down on the floor. Slams it down.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Gimme a spark... show me, show me...
text: Tries again. And again. STRIKING, over and over. Floor RINGS
dialog: with the effort --
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Come on, come on... do it...!
dialog: But in the end, it's just not gonna happen. *Won't work*.
dialog: Lets go a GROAN of despair:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: All this, just one fucking match,
dialog: *Goddamit*...!
text: She collapses forward. Cradles her head in frustration.
text: There's a tiny tap in her shoulder.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Mommy...?
text: Charly looks up, face haggard and depleted... Caitlin's eyes,
text: alive again. No longer dulled. Kid reaches inside her CAST
text: and brings out a pack of matches.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Don't cry. I keep these here.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: For lighting your candle.
text: Charly stares, dumbstruck, at the tiny gift.
text: The bitterness, the self-hatred, all of it. Under innocent
text: eyes on Christmas Eve DETONATES, blown sky-high, and she
text: sweeps up her daughter and cradles her, tears streaming...
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: I love you, Caitlin, oh God, do you
dialog: know how much I love you...?
text: Caitlin pulls back, looks flush in her mother's face.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Am I gonna die...?
text: From a dark and cold place, Caitlin has led her home. Charly's
text: eyes, like steel. A harsh whisper:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: No, baby, you're not gonna die. They
dialog: are.
text: She strikes a match.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND STORY INTERROGATION ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Henessey, straining against his bonds. Sweating.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Charly's stash. What's the number of
dialog: the locker, Mitch...?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Fuck you.
text: TIMOTHY across the room, a good forty feet.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Left nut, five bucks I make it.
text: Smiling, he raises a scalpel. Eyes dead like a rat's.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR MEAT LOCKER - SAME TIME
text: The flame hovers above the gasoline trail.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: When I tell you, scream as loud as
dialog: you can, or else your ears'll get
dialog: hurt.
text: A tiny nod. Charly calmly touches fire to the fuel. Cradles
text: Caitlin to her chest, gently strokes her hair...
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Hey, should we buy a dog...?
text: The flame races across the room. Hits the steel door. And
text: zip! Vanishes through the NOTCH. A pause...
text: THE BASEMENT BLOWS SKY-HIGH.
text: Wooden walls, obliterated. Boards sheared. Atomized. THE
text: MEAT LOCKER DOOR blows inward like a cannon shot. Holds to
text: its hinges, buckled like JIFFY POP.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS INTERROGATION ROOM
text: TIMOTHY'S THROW is off target, sticks in Henessey's chair.
text: Between his legs. Inches. Then the assassin LEAVES HIS FEET,
text: look of comic surprise -- as the walls behind him disintegrate
text: in FLAME. Henessey cries out, blinded as
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL BUILDING
text: He's blown backward OUT THE WINDOW. Chair and all, lofting
text: across the middle distance... blasts through the MOTEL SIGN.
text: Blows it to SPLINTERS. Tumbles, and over end... lands, WHAM.
text: Atop the garage's CORRUGATED ROOF. Chair flies to sticks.
text: A BLUE SUIT spins, startled. Gun comes up -- Henessey doesn't
text: miss a beat. Reaches between his legs. Plucks the KNIFE from
text: the wood and slings it...! Guy takes it in the head, drops.
dialog: Some days you get lucky.
text: He looks up in disbelief. FIREBALL, raging to Heaven.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: You foxy bitch.
scene_heading: EXT. BLAST SITE - SAME TIME
text: TIMOTHY staggers from the smoke. Nicked and bloodied -- ALIVE.
text: Rushes into the cavernous GARAGE, where blue-suits scuttle
text: like ants. Points to the tanker, face crazed:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Move it out of here, now!
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL GROUNDS - TRAVELING WITH CHARLY - SAME TIME
text: Caitlin in tow, SMOKE everywhere. Running flat out across
text: the compound. Eyes ticking back and forth, missing nothing...
text: Sees a gun on the ground, scoops it up: promptly DROPS IT,
dialog: the fucking thing's red hot.
text: That's when the POCK-FACED KILLER lurches out of the smoke,
text: blade arcing for her throat.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: *Run, Catey*.
text: She goes under the blade. SLAMS him. Down they go, hit the
text: dirt -- CAITLIN beats feet, vanishes into the smoke.
text: Charly, fighting for her life. Manages to KICK FREE. He rears
text: up. Poised to hurl the KNIFE. Charly, dives, rolls -- scoops
text: up the gun and SCREAMS as her flesh sizzles and it spurts
text: three times and blows him down.
text: Doesn't stop. Rips the AUTOMATIC RIFLE from his shoulder.
text: Rummages in his coat -- Cube of C-4. Even better. Casts about,
text: searching the smoke... No sign of her daughter.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHTTIME
text: CAITLIN darts in and out of the trees. Frightened. In the
text: background, men rush back and forth. The MOTEL burns merrily.
text: Then, above the shouts, A RUMBLING noise, she darts a look --
text: as THE TANKER comes trundling out of the garage.
text: POV CAITLIN: Attached to the rear of the truck bed, a bright
text: yellow UTILITY BOX, roughly three by three. As the driver
text: idles, waiting for the road to clear -- Caitlin BREAKS COVER.
text: Runs and climbs inside the box, and meanwhile
scene_heading: BACK WITH CHARLY - SAME TIME
text: Her mother. Crouched behind Timothy's RED JAGUAR. Scans
text: through the rifle's Starlight Scope. Sweating. Intense. We
text: see the landscape, cast in ghostly GREEN.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Where'd you go, baby... show Mommy...
text: *There*. Bingo. Charly watches through the scope as a TINY
text: GREEN CAITLIN climbs into the box and shuts the lid.
text: Unfortunately, a nearby blue-suit has WITNESSED this. He
text: looks around, stabbing a finger at the box:
scene_heading: NOSY BLUE-SUIT
dialog: Hey. Hey, you see that? A little kid --
text: A bullet slams him backward in a cut-string sprawl.
speaker_heading: WITH CHARLY
text: She lowers the rifle. Nods grimly:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Smart girl, honey. Stay still. Don't
text: make a sound. Snug as a bug in a
dialog: rug...
scene_heading: MEANWHILE, ELSEWHERE ON THE GROUNDS
text: HENESSEY, on the move. Crouched low. Choking on woodsmoke,
text: eyes streaming. Up ahead, a splayed CORPSE -- He hunkers
text: over the poor schmuck, guy's good for a radio. Snatches up
text: the portable unit. Fumbles with the dial, searching for 26.9
dialog: megahertz...
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFFSIDE - HIGH ABOVE MOTEL - SAME TIME
text: CHARLY slews to a stop in the red Jag. Leaps out. Darts along
text: the cliff, throws herself flat. Peering down at the grounds,
text: sniper rifle positioned -- Babysitting the tanker.
text: HEARS HENESSEY... Calling to her on the radio.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY (V.O.)
dialog: Charly, you there? Hello, Charly.
text: Grabs the unit from her belt:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Mitch! I don't believe it. Listen,
dialog: if you say, "Are we having fun yet"
dialog: I'll rip your nuts off. Where are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
text: Behind the big garage. Is Caitlin
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
text: No, but she's safe for the moment,
text: she stowed away on the tanker truck.
text: Henessey draws a sharp breath. Swallows, says:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
text: Charly, Timothy rigged the tanker to
dialog: go off early. We got fifteen minutes.
dialog: No more.
dialog: On her reaction we CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROADSIDE - WITH TANKER AND EN TOURAGE
text: Beside the tanker, A PANEL TRUCK sits, engine idling. Phony
text: logo on its side -- *Little Debbie* snack cakes. A RAMP is
text: lowered, and a CAR begins backing up into the truckbed, facing
text: outwards.
text: INSIDE THE TRUCKBED, harried blue-suits hurriedly unwrap the
text: frost-covered corpse of IMN AL RAHMAN -- and place him behind
dialog: the wheel.
text: MEANWHILE, AT THE BACK OF THE TANKER
text: A blue-suit puts a PADLOCK on the utility box as he passes.
scene_heading: SNAPS IT SHUT.
scene_heading: BACK WITH HENESSEY - SAME TIME
text: He hears two flat CRACK-!s on the still air.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Hello...! Charly...?
text: Even over the receiver, her desperation's apparent:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Tires won't pop, Mitch. Bastard just
text: locked her in, she's stuck in there
dialog: and they're leaving, *Goddammit*!
text: Henessey rubs his eyes. Takes several deeps breaths, mind
text: turning it over. He looks up. Tired. Haunted.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: All right, I'll go in and get her,
dialog: you watch my back.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: No chance. I make it twelve, Mitch,
dialog: automatic weapons.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: So kill 'em for me, bitch, Christ,
dialog: what are you good for?
text: He stuffs a fresh clip in the gun. Wipes away sweat.
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: C'mon, buddy. Do one thing right,
dialog: just this once... please...
text: Closes his eyes. Gathers himself. Long pause...
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Piece of cake.
text: He leaps from the roof and makes a death run.
text: Gun in one hand, radio in the other. Swerving and dodging
text: like a broken-field runner, CHARLY in his ear screaming:
speaker_heading: CHARLY (V.O.)
dialog: *Your nine, on your nine*!
text: He spins, BLASTS AWAY, dead guy, pitching forward -- SMOKE,
text: billowing, making him COUGH...
speaker_heading: CHARLY (V.O.)
dialog: *30 degrees left, Mitch. Left*.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: *Your other left*.
text: Stumbling, catching himself. Barreling forward.
speaker_heading: CHARLY (V.O.)
dialog: *Nix, nix, I can't see in there,
dialog: don't do it, break right...*!
text: He breaks right.
speaker_heading: CHARLY (V.O.)
dialog: *Fuck me, I was wrong, get outta
dialog: threre*!
text: He staggers out of the smoke: TWO MEN, MP-5 machine guns.
text: Trained on his chest. He struggles to aim, oh, shit -- Two
text: distant CRACKS. The bad men go away, catapulted backwards.
text: Henessey shouts into the radio:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Gracias.
speaker_heading: CHARLY (V.O.)
dialog: *De nada*.
text: UP ABOVE, ON THE HILL
text: CHARLY fires shot after shot. Every time she squeezes the
dialog: trigger, someone dies. No such thing as wounded, we're talking
text: St. Peter looks up from a magazine and says holy shit, it's
text: the lunch rush at Kate Mantilini's.
scene_heading: BACK DOWN BELOW
text: The smoke clears and Mitch sees the tanker. Right there,
text: thirty yards away. Yellow UTILITY BOX. No one in the way.
speaker_heading: CHARLY (V.O.)
dialog: *End run, Mitch, go wide*!
text: He breaks for the truck.
speaker_heading: CHARLY (V.O.)
dialog: *No, Goddamn you, they got you
dialog: flanked...*!
text: Everybody fires a gun.
speaker_heading: MITCH GETS HIT
text: Takes one high in the chest, SPINS him...!
text: UP ON THE HILL
text: CHARLY SPRAYS on full auto, DICES TO TATTERS the combat zone,
text: extinguishing the gunmen, too little too late because
dialog: MITCH IS IN DEEP
text: BAM--! bullet takes out his right arm, fuck *you*, buddy,
text: doesn't miss a beat, simply tosses the gun over to the other
text: hand and KEEPS SHOOTING, blows that fucker down and now he's
text: staggering into the trees, and collapses, and HITS... And
text: lies very still and bleeds. As ECHOES of gunfire die slowly,
speaker_heading: we HEAR:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Ma: I'm looking at the ants,
dialog: they're pretty great. Some really
dialog: funny ants here, Ma. All these funny
dialog: ants, think I'll stay and watch 'em
dialog: awhile...
text: UP ON THE HILL
text: Aftermath... Charly's out of ammo. Flings aside the rifle,
text: snarling in a helpless rage -- Something else, then. SOUND,
text: nearby. Building in pitch, reaching a crescendo --
text: A SCREAMING CHOPPER RISES BEHIND HER.
text: Crests the cliff and hovers like the SWORD OF DAMOCLES.
scene_heading: INT. CHOPPER - SAME TIME
text: MARKSMAN, riding shotgun. Scans the cliff below: Thick
text: evergreens. Charly, somewhere among them. He sights down his
text: rifle, takes careful aim -- BLOWS OUT TIRES on the Jaguar.
text: Cripples it. The chopper BANKS, heading away.
scene_heading: BACK WITH CHARLY - SAME TIME
text: In big trouble. MANY HEADLIGHTS, bouncing uphill toward her.
dialog: Cut off, they've cut her off -- The other direction ain't
text: much better: A 200 FOOT DROP. Straight down. Evergreen trees,
text: far below. Power lines. Highway.
text: She hears the PHONE RINGING, then... inside the Jag. Crosses
text: slowly. Reaches in, lifts the receiver. It's TIMOTHY.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY (V.O.)
dialog: I tried to give you a pretty death,
dialog: baby. Did my best. Now you're fucked,
dialog: now it's ground beef time.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: The truck. How long til it blows?
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Sweet Loretta, you're another animal
dialog: entirely. Let's see, 312 degrees...
dialog: Make it ten minutes, give or take.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Then I better hurry.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Oh, spare me. You made a big noise
dialog: and bought five more minutes on the
dialog: planet. Give up. Die. I'll spit in
dialog: what's left of your face.
text: He clicks off. Charly drops the receiver. Turns, looks behind:
dialog: They're coming for her.
text: Woods filled with headlights. Backlit FIGURES. Ducking in
text: and out of the trees, getting closer... The wind blows. Bitter
text: cold out here in the dark night of the soul. Nothing left.
dialog: No hope. No reason.
text: Caitlin, dead.
text: The rage explodes in the form of a kick which SHATTERS the
text: lock on the trunk. *Dammit*, she needs a fucking miracle.
text: At that moment, the trunk lid slowly rises, CREAKING...
text: Revealing all of Timothy's BUNJEE JUMPING EQUIPMENT.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - SAME TIME
text: The TANKER is rolling. Out onto the road, snorting and
text: belching. Preceded by the Little Debbie PANEL TRUCK.
scene_heading: INT. UTILITY BOX - ON TANKER - SAME TIME
text: Poor little Caitlin huddles in the dark. All alone. ROARING
text: in her ears. Sort of like being underwater.
scene_heading: EXT. TANKER TRUCK - CLOSE ON UNDERBELLY
text: A silver device attached to the skin of the tank.
scene_heading: WITH TIMOTHY - CROSSING THE SMOKE-FILLED GROUNDS
text: He consults a tiny, liquid crystal display on his watch. Red
dialog: numerals. *178 degrees*.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF'S EDGE - WITH CHARLY
text: She won't quit. Busy now, deftly sticking the wad of C-4
text: EXPLOSIVE to the bottom of the Jaguar. Straightens. Turns
dialog: around --
text: Stands dead calm as they all come out of the TREES, guns
text: drawn... Raises her hands, see, boys...? No bang-bang.
text: Like backlit monsters, they approach, hulking. Matter of
text: yards, now... She flashes a naughty little smile --
text: Goes backward off the cliff and rockets earthward.
text: 200 feet of open air, THE BUNJEE Cord pays out, fast...!
text: Whipsaws out the door of the Jaguar, hooked by carabiner to
text: the STEERING COLUMN and meanwhile
speaker_heading: THE CHAPTER AGENTS
text: Rush forward, incredulous. Peer OVER THE EDGE: Below them, a
text: swan diver, BLACKNESS all around. She drops like a stone.
text: Vanishes into the fog, beautiful as a poem.
text: INSIDE THE JAGUAR: The cord goes taut -- Now it starts to
text: stretch outward. DECELERATION kicking in, Charly can FEEL
text: it, still whistling through space...
text: Hits a dead stop.
dialog: This is it. Cord, stretched as far as it goes.
text: She's still sixty feet above the highway.
text: No hesitation whatsoever. She thumbs the DETONATOR in her
dialog: right fist --
text: Blows the car.
scene_heading: UP ABOVE - CLIFF'S EDGE
text: The Jaguar goes up with a solid CRUMP--! Blown off the edge
text: of the cliff. Along with a half dozen screaming AGENTS.
scene_heading: BACK WITH CHARLY - FALLING
text: Lifeline cut. 60 feet above the road, no problem. She does
text: thirty feet in freefall. Raises her left hand --
text: Slaps a carabiner on a passing POWER LINE. Hurtles downward
text: until suddenly, KA-CHUK--! She LURCHES to a stop.
text: Doesn't miss a beat: Grips a rope and GLIDES the last thirty
text: feet, touches down lightly. Unhooks herself, turns as AN
text: ONCOMING CAR throws a fishtail SKID, just misses her. Driver
speaker_heading: SWEARS.
text: She raises her gun. Fires without blinking.
text: Puts a hole in the passenger side windshield and the DRIVER
text: ain't sticking around, he's out the door and gone as
scene_heading: CHARLY THE EXTERMINATOR
text: Crosses to the car, face a stone mask. Behind her the FLAMING
text: JAGUAR SMASHES to the ground, raining fragments -- Followed
text: by BURNING CORPSES, smacking the pavement one after another.
text: She doesn't even look. Gets behind the wheel. Leaves most of
text: her tires on the road behind her.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - TOWN OF SANTA CLAUS - CHRISTMAS EVE
text: Milling crowds. Music and laughter. SANTA heads up a TEEMING
text: PARADE down Main Street, atop a horse-drawn sleigh... Replay
text: of the film's opening, as
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SAME TIME
text: The gleaming TANKER roars down a sidestreet. Riding point:
text: the innocuous PANEL TRUCK.
text: The temperature gauge continues to RISE: *203 degrees*.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - EDGE OF TOWN - SAME TIME
text: Charly runs a roadblock, doing fifty -- Someone put a PARADE
text: in front of her. Hits the BRAKES...! Fishtales into a mailbox.
text: Sends it flying through a plate glass window. Out of the
text: car, gun held low, and meanwhile --
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DRIVING
text: TIMOTHY barks orders into a mic:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
text: All units converge. Divert local
dialog: law, this is a government matter.
dialog: Brook no interference, I want the
dialog: Baltimore woman eliminated. *Where's
dialog: the fucking chopper*?
text: Racing toward the edge of town and meanwhile
scene_heading: ON THE PARADE ROUTE
text: SANTA CLAUS himself perches atop his sleigh, feeling like a
dialog: rock star and wishing his groupies were legal... when suddenly
dialog: he's got company.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: I'm the Missus. Drive.
text: The rogue colonel FIRES A SHOT in the air -- THE HORSES bolt.
text: Plunging off the parade route amid SCREAMS as
scene_heading: INT. PLUSH LIMO - SAME TIME
text: MR. PERKINS hunkers forward, face slack, as a tinny VOICE
text: issues from his headset mic:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: ...yes, she's with Santa Claus,
dialog: correct, er, excuse me, the individual
dialog: *playing* Santa, er... they're
text: pursuing the tanker truck, sir.
text: Perkins stares straight ahead, speechless.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - HEADING OUT OF TOWN
text: SIDE BY SIDE WITH THE TANKER. Horses at full gallop, hooves
text: in pounding frenzy. Charly tries to JUMP from one to the
text: other -- no go, the tanker pulls away, widening the distance,
dialog: and meanwhile
scene_heading: TWO GOVERNMENT SEDANS
text: Come whipping out of ALLEYS, fall in behind them. CRACK--!
text: Gunshots, shattering the stillness.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCK CHASSIS - SAME TIME
text: A RICOCHET whines off a hydraulic cable. Spurt of fluid as
text: the BRAKES start to go, and meanwhile
text: BACK ON THE SLEIGH
text: CHARLY throws herself flat next to Santa.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Sorry, man. Government agents, high
dialog: level conspiracy.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Fuckin' government.
text: The SEDANS jockey for position, try to pull ABREAST -- Charly
text: swerves the sleigh back and forth, won't let them through.
text: She hands the reigns to Santa.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Veer left.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Away from the truck?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Do it. In five seconds I'm gonna own
dialog: that fucking truck.
text: Santa complies. PEELS OFF to the left -- Opens a TWELVE FOOT
text: chasm between sleigh and tanker. Sure enough, one of the
text: government cars spurts forward to fill the gap, comes ABREAST
dialog: of them. It's what she wanted.
speaker_heading: *FIVE SECONDS*:
text: Charly Baltimore LEAPS from the sleigh, lands atop the
text: government car. Skips lightly across it, casually BLOWS TWO
text: SHOTS through the ROOF. Down through the metal. Drilling
text: into their heads. Driver and passenger, killed instantly --
text: As Charly hops nimbly from her 50 mile-an-hour STEPPING STONE.
text: Over to the tanker. Dump-stuffs a new clip, as
speaker_heading: THE CORPSE CAR
text: Fades from the race, driverless. Whipping out of control.
text: FISHTAILS away behind them -- Takes out the SECOND CHASE
text: CAR, spray of metal.
text: Three seconds, and Charly's taken out two pursuers.
scene_heading: INT. CAB OF TANKER TRUCK - SAME TIME
text: The door files open and the DRIVER sees CHARLY. Bloody.
text: Demonic. Wisely leaps out, BOUNCES from view -- Charly snags
text: his hat as he goes by, plops it on her head. SWINGS UP into
text: the drivers' seat, double-clutches -- pours on the steam.
text: Five seconds. She owns the tanker.
text: BLASTS forward into the lead PANEL TRUCK. Slams the truck
text: from behind, BULLDOZES it -- Sends it THUNDERING into a park
text: bench. Glass sprays.
text: She owns the road. On the seat beside her: an MP-5 machine
text: gun. She's set. Throws a NINETY DEGREE turn onto a sidestreet.
text: Donates most of her tires to New York.
scene_heading: INT. SPEEDING TANKER TRUCK - SANTA CLAUS - NIGHT
text: Charly's on fire. Senses heightened. Eyes tick back and forth
text: like a machine. Heading downhill, out of town...
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Hang on, Catey.
text: She hits the brakes. A flash of SPARKS..! A ripping WHINE,
text: dies away -- The brake pedal is all play. Nothing. She's in
text: a runaway truck.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: *No, not fair, not fucking fair...*!
text: Barreling onward. A lunging behemoth.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Can't stop, Catey, can't...
text: CHAIN-LINK FENCE, at road's end. Beyond it, a quarter-mile
text: plunge. Downhill over rocky terrain --
text: To St. PETER'S SEMINARY. Looming stone structure. Closed
text: now. Vast empty PARKING LOT.
text: Tears on her cheeks. Lights a cigarette. Takes a long drag,
dialog: exhales:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Suck my dick, every one of you
dialog: bastards...
text: Blows through the chain-link fence.
text: SHUDDERS AND LEAPS DOWNHILL. Mud blows skyward. Trees, blasted
text: to splinters.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
text: Buffeted inside the UTILITY BOX. Cries out as
speaker_heading: IN THE CAB
text: Charly fights to contain the beast. "Fuck you," slyly retorts
text: the beast. She BOUNCES and caroms off the sides like a mad
dialog: pinball --
text: THE TRUCK SMASHES DOWN
text: And all the windows BLOW OUT concussively and the front tires
text: go with a volcano CRACK-! as the beast goes canting to one
text: side, ponderous, MASSIVE...
text: It keels over on its side. Still doing fifty.
text: TRAVERSES THE PARKING LOT.
text: Slows itself by TAKING OUT LIGHT POLES, shears them off like
text: saplings.
text: Whacks the side of the chapel. IMPACT. Keeps going...
text: Charly is EJECTED from the cab. Pinwheels through space like
text: a broken doll, bursts through a STAINED GLASS WINDOW.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL
text: The glass ruptures as she catapults through. Hits on her
text: stomach, bounces. Slides to a stop, rolls over --
text: FLINGS herself aside just in time, as a towering ST. PETER
text: SMASHES to earth an inch from her head, showers marble...!
text: Concussion dies away. Silence. Echoes.
scene_heading: EXT. SEMINARY GROUNDS - SAME TIME
text: The tanker slides, DETONATING planters one by one... Comes
text: to rest in a central COURTYARD. Lies there, a hissing
dialog: dinosaur.
text: TIMOTHY'S TEMPERATURE GAUGE is still affixed to the truck's
dialog: underbelly: *280 degrees*.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - WITH CHARLY
text: Charly, semi-conscious. Rolls onto her back, gasping. Stares
text: at the gathered saints. Swallows hard. Sucking it up,
text: preparing. Rolls to one knee, plants her foot...
dialog: She's got to make that truck.
text: On her feet now. Stumbling forward. One arm hugging her guts.
text: Cross-eyed, so hard to focus... left foot, right foot, get
dialog: it done, bitch, yes it's *supposed* to hurt that much, flings
text: open the door and she's so brave that for a second we think
dialog: she might make it.
text: Timothy kicks her in the head.
text: Charly flies back. Hits and SLIDES. Fetches up against a
text: bannister, WHAM--! Timothy calmly shuts the door behind him.
text: Consults his tiny gauge -- *297 degrees*.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Call it four minutes to detonation.
dialog: I got a chopper on the way, lots of
dialog: time.
text: He sheds his coat. Stows his gun. Removes a SWITCHBLADE.
text: Drapes the coat on the bannister. Flicks open the knife.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Oh, honey. Only four inches...?
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: You'll feel me.
text: He approaches, almost casually. Charly staggers erect. Adopts
text: a killing stance. Instinct. She can barely stand.
scene_heading: INT. PERKINS' LIMOUSINE - SAME TIME
text: PERKINS hears a garbled, pained voice over his headset:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Point team leader, reporting...
dialog: She's... incapacitated the truck...
dialog: I'm damaged, sir, I believe I'm
dialog: dying... Instructions...?
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: Continue dying. Out.
text: He leans back. Stares sightlessly. Loosens his tie, hits the
dialog: intercom and says:
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: Anthony, get me the President...
text: He takes out a bottle of Scotch. CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - SAME TIME
text: Charly and Timothy. They circle, two pros.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: You've lost a step, Chuck. Muscles
dialog: never recovered from C-section, I'll
dialog: bet. Am I right?
text: Never watching the eyes, the eyes are liars, they watch the
text: HANDS... The gathered saints look on, neutral.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Please, man... She's only... eight...
dialog: she's a beautiful little girl...
text: His concentration never falters as he says:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: She's a worthless bitch. I know it
dialog: 'cause she came out of me.
text: He LUNGES with the knife, she spins away -- He gets hold of
text: one arm and FLINGS her, up and over...! She SAILS through
text: space. Twists in mid-air. Lands like a cat. Almost. Staggers
text: forward. They circle...
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: It's called shock, Charly... Your
text: body wants to go into shock...
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Fuck you, your breathing's lousy...
text: Charly LAUNCHES herself. Avoids a stab at her throat, eats
text: that for breakfast, spins, slams the knuckles of her right
text: hand into Timothy's ribs. Busts one. He snarls, TRAPS her
text: wrist: CRACK! Wrist, broken. She HISSES in pain, falls back
speaker_heading: GASPING.
text: Circling again. Charly cannot walk a straight line.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Look at you. You're out of your
dialog: motherfucking league, dearie.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON CHARLY
text: She looks up at him from sunken eyes shot through with red,
text: and in those eyes we glimpse it; the DEMON, laughing... as
dialog: Charly whispers:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: ...You want a piece...? Take my
dialog: shoulder.
text: He lunges with the knife...! She ducks, trips on purpose and
text: HANDS HIM HER SHOULDER, all that's missing is the plate --
text: And WHAM. In goes the knife, cuts deep and Charly looks him
text: in the eye and GRINS because sure enough, there's the
text: bastard's KNEE, wide open...
text: Boot-strikes, BAM--! Shears the knee, and Timothy HOWLS in
text: agony. Stumbles backward into the bannister --
text: Grabs his coat. Brings out the gun, it GOES OFF--!
text: Charly dives for cover. Rips the knife from her own shoulder
text: and flings it.
text: Takes him in the shoulder. Topples him back. BANNISTER. Up
text: and over, flailing...! Drops from sight.
text: Charly falls back. Pause. Sucking air. Sits down hard. Legs
text: splayed. Looks down at herself, oh, God...
text: There's a hole in her chest.
scene_heading: EXT. SEMINARY - NIGHTTIME
text: The doors burst open and here she comes. Trauma, severe.
text: Shock, blood loss -- She makes for the tanker. For her kid.
text: Hitches. Staggers. Going on sheer guts.
scene_heading: THE HELICOPTER ROARS OVERHEAD
text: The PILOT brandishes his radio mic:
speaker_heading: PILOT
text: Got her. Heading for the tanker,
text: thirty yards out. She's all over the
dialog: place, something's wrong with her.
speaker_heading: WITH CHARLY
text: Left foot, right foot, she's not running, she's falling in a
text: straight line -- Reaches the tanker. Staggers against the
text: inverted chassis. UTILITY BOX. Above her.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: *Cover your ears*.
text: She raises her gun. Fires. BAM-! Lock springs to pieces.
text: CAITLIN tumbles to the pavement, dazed and confused. Casts
dialog: about --
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: MOMMY...!
text: She springs to her feet. Comes running and flings both arms
text: around her mother. HUGS HER -- That one puts Charly out for
text: a few seconds. PAIN, excruciating. Comes to her senses,
text: swaying like a clothesline in a high wind...
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Run... get out...
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Don't go away again, Please...!
text: Charly grabs Caitlin's head. Turns it. Facing the TEMPERATURE
text: GAUGE. Red numerals: *301 degrees*.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: The truck's a bomb... gonna blow up,
dialog: RUN... I'm right behind you, go...
text: Caitlin hovers, torn. Charly summons a gutteral CROAK:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: ...*Go and don't look back*...
text: In the end, Caitlin relents. RUNS, toward the surrounding
text: woods... Charly watches her go. Nods, satisfied -- Collapses.
text: Hits the tarmac and splays in a heap. Breath wheezing in and
text: out. Already the pavement is staining red.
speaker_heading: WITH CAITLIN
text: As, within ten seconds of the command, she promptly DISOBEYS
text: her mother, looks back -- Stops dead.
text: There's a corpse underneath the truck.
text: It isn't moving. It isn't breathing. It isn't laughing or
dialog: crying...
dialog: Or hurting, not anymore.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: *Mommy, no...*!
text: Bomb forgotten. Danger forgotten. Her tiny arms pumping,
text: feet slapping pavement -- She returns to her mother. Grabs
text: one knife-bloodied shoulder, oblivious of the wound. Jerks
text: back and forth. Frenzied.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: It's okay. I'm sorry I left, please
dialog: wake up, come on please...
text: CHARLY. Cheek against the pavement. One lifeless eye STARES.
text: Bloodshot and sightless.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Government vehicles, pulling up now. At the edge of the
text: parking lot. 100 yards away, give or take. Numerous SEDANS.
text: The Little Debbie panel truck. AGENTS crouch behind cars.
text: Weapons trained on the wounded behemoth.
scene_heading: EXT. SEMINARY - SAME TIME
text: The side door BURSTS OUTWARD and a limping figure emerges,
text: frantically signaling for the chopper: TIMOTHY'S got murder
text: in his eye. THE CHOPPER banks, coming in low as he hauls
text: himself aboard.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Sir, your shoulder --
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Fuck the shoulder, knee's worse.
dialog: Just bring me around and hold her
dialog: steady. I'm not leaving until I know
dialog: the bitch is dead.
text: He grabs an automatic rifle.
scene_heading: BACK WITH CAITLIN - UNDERNEATH THE TANKER
text: She adheres to Charly's motionless form. Looking small and
text: terrified. Whispers in her mother's ear. Soft and low:
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Mommy, get up now. You just stop it,
dialog: Mommy, you stop being a little baby.
dialog: Stop it, you're not dead, I know
dialog: you're not dead so you get up now.
text: Face contorted, she strikes out. Flails. HITS Charly.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: *Don't you die*, you get up now,
dialog: Goddammit...! Life is pain, you just
dialog: get used to it, and stand up *right
dialog: this minute*, Mommy. Life is pain,
dialog: do it, you bitch. *Do it*.
text: Tears coursing in rivulets. Little fists clenched. Then --
dialog: It might be a trick of the wind. Tiny aspiration, not enough
dialog: breath to fog a mirror...
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: ...mommy... here...
text: A solitary tear appears in the wide-open staring eye. One
text: fingernail, then. Scratches feebly. Toes, shifting. Seeking
text: purchase. A HAND, planting itself... TEETH BARED, a rictus
dialog: of pain... Rising up...
text: *Standing*. Full height now, flexing one deadly arm. She
text: hugs her daughter and says:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: ...You're grounded...
text: Overhead, the HOWLING of rotor blades. Charly gasps for
text: breath. Cracks open the GUN... no bullets. Swell. Scans the
text: pavement... There. THE MP-5 machine gun lies twenty feet
text: from her. Twenty miles, same difference. Across the pavement,
text: even farther away: Timothy's car.
text: *305 degrees*. Charly swallows hard:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: I'm gonna get the gun, you run for
dialog: that car. We go on three, okay? One...
dialog: Two... *Three*.
text: They break cover. Into the open. A WITHERING FIRE ERUPTS.
text: Right at their feet...! Geysers of asphalt, shot skyward --
text: TIMOTHY sprays the blacktop from above. Ruthless. Charly
text: goes insane. Lurches, crazed, to the cab of the truck. Thumbs
dialog: the mike and says:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Somebody get that motherfucker off
dialog: me! I got a kid here, I got my eight
dialog: year-old daughter, *Jesus Christ*...!
dialog: It's Christmas Eve, who are you
dialog: *people*, fucking pull him off! Do
dialog: you hear me...?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: EYES SNAP OPEN IN DARKNESS. We don't know whose they are. We
dialog: don't know where we are.
scene_heading: BACK WITH CHARLY - SAME TIME
text: The temperature gauge: *308 degrees*. She clutches Caitlin.
text: Shouting into the mic:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Distract him, for God's sake give me
dialog: ten seconds, please, I'm begging
dialog: somebody, anybody, *she's my
dialog: daughter*...!
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF PARKING LOT
text: A sour-looking CHAPTER AGENT stands before a row of cars and
text: the Little Debbie panel truck. Expressionless beaurocrat.
text: Lifts the mic to his lips and says:
scene_heading: CHAPTER BEAUROCRAT
dialog: Negative, ma'am, we understand your
dialog: request, but we've decided to go
dialog: ahead and let this play out...
text: Behind him, the back of the panel truck EXPLODES. A car
text: CATAPULTS outward into space -- SMASHES DOWN atop two sedans.
text: Blows out their windshields. Flings itself to the pavement
text: and RICOCHETS forward, zero to sixty.
speaker_heading: MITCH HENESSEY
text: At the wheel. Making a suicide run. Face a FRIGHT MASK of
dialog: deadly purpose. We have no idea why someone who looks like
text: him is alive.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - SAME TIME
text: *Distraction*, just enough: The pilot banks toward the CAR.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Where are *you* going??
text: Timothy grabs the stick -- THAT'S WHEN CHARLY BREAKS COVER.
text: Does a MAD STAGGER across the blacktop. Goes for the GUN.
text: TIMOTHY CHANGES DIRECTION. Chopper again, SCREAMING in low
dialog: and fast --
text: CHARLY dives, rolls -- Comes up with the MACHINE GUN and
text: falls flat on her back, points it skyward:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Suck on it.
text: She fires. Blows the chopper's TAIL ROTOR. The craft pitches
text: to the side -- Dumps Timothy out the door. Flailing.
text: Head over heels, he FALLS -- Lands atop the TANKER, right on
text: the silver tank and *burns*. Actually SIZZLES at 310 degrees
text: Celsius, steam pouring off him like a vampire in daylight,
dialog: SHRIEKING--!
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Die screaming, motherfucker.
text: She watches as he slips from sight... off the tanker. SIRENS
text: now, approaching. Wind, biting cold. Ground black and bloody
dialog: in the moonlight...
text: HERE COMES HENESSEY, powers across the lot, pedal to the
text: metal. Followed at a distance of fifty yards by half a dozen
text: squawling GOVERNMENT VEHICLES, flashers turning.
text: Henessey stomps the brake. SLEWS to a stop, tires cooking...!
text: KICKS open the passenger door as Charly collapses into the
text: car, CAITLIN in her arms. The kid says:
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Hurry! The truck is a bomb!
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Yeah, yeah. What else, we got a
dialog: fucking lightning rod on the roof...?
dialog: No, Caitlin, *don't check*.
text: He PEELS OUT.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Hey... you're bleeding...
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: I think that's yours...
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Right, sorry...
text: He inadvertently smacks a light pole. SPARKS fly.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: *You're a bad driver! Who said you
dialog: could drive*?
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - BESIDE THE TANKER - SAME TIME
text: They have to drag Timothy inside the car. The engine ROARS
text: as it leaps forward, trailing the other FIVE -- Scarred and
text: hideous, he stares after Charly, screaming:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: *Somebody do her, somebody kill that
dialog: fucking whore, kill her*!
text: That's when the helicopter crashes. The pilot does everything
text: but flap his arms -- Forget it. IT KEELS OVER. Rotor touches
text: pavement -- Blows to pieces. They ALL go. Snapped off. Blown
text: like rockets in every direction.
text: TIMOTHY LOOKS UP as a rotor blade whistles right through the
text: windshield of his car. Shears off his HEAD. Blows out the
text: BACK in a shower of glass and hurtles onward, SPINNING out
dialog: of control...
text: Strikes the tanker. Boom.
dialog: Imagine God in Monte Carlo. Tossing dice the length of a
text: craps table. Now, imagine the dice are BURNING CARS.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF PARKING LOT - SAME TIME
text: Henessey flies out of the parking lot and INTO the WOODS as
text: the firestorm RAGES TO HEAVEN behind him. Cars, heading his
text: way -- AIRBORNE. Fights the wheel, swerving through the woods
text: as all around him, FLAMING CARS crash down. BOUNCING into
text: and out of the trees, peekaboo...
text: Some go flying past OVERHEAD. Striking in front like meteors,
text: GOUGING the earth. Caitlin screams:
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: Don't hit the cars!
text: Henessey favors her with a foul look. CHARLY looks up and
text: sees ANGELS flying overhead, trailing concrete...
text: Then they're OUT OF THE WOODS. Car slingshots onto the highway
text: and races forward, SAFE. Behind it, the sky is aglow, SNOWING
text: fiery traces... Bits of earth, trees, pavement.
text: OVERHEAD VIEW: As they roar out of town, we see burning woods
text: and a CRATER approximately 150 yards in diameter -- St.
dialog: Peter's Seminary no longer exists... CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - OUTSIDE OF TOWN - NIGHTTIME
text: Henessey coasts to the side of the road and stops. He lays
text: his head on the steering wheel, sucking air. Looks at Charly:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Sorry, can't drive... Are you okay...?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: (grimaces)
dialog: ...Are you... stupid...?
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: ...funny thing...? You aren't going
dialog: to die... I am...
text: Charly offers him that soft, sad little smile.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: I know.
text: Henessey starts to fade... breathing labored... Reaches up...
text: strokes Caitlin's hair. Smiles at her:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Hey, gorgeous... know something...
dialog: you got your mother's eyes... don't
dialog: let... nobody tell you different...
text: Slumps back in the seat. Gazing at Charly. A single tear
text: runs from one bloodshot eye. He whispers:
speaker_heading: HENESSEY
dialog: Scared... to be nobody... without a
dialog: ripple... please... remember me...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...Love you...
dialog: Dies.
text: Charly leans on the dash. Cries for awhile. For herself...
dialog: for Henessey... for this Godawful planet, and everything
scene_heading: else. DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - SAME TIME
text: A MOTHER SITS in the glow of a Winnie the Pooh nightlight.
text: Next to her sleeping daughter's bed -- back to the very
text: beginning of the film, it's been a long kiss goodnight.
text: An elderly FARMER pokes his head in. She doesn't look up.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Um, Ma'am...? Ambulance is here.
dialog: They'll be right in.
text: The shadowy figure nods... Remains seated. Stays awhile in
text: the dark. Keeping vigil. Snow slithers against the glass.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PALATIAL GEORGETOWN ESTATE - EARLY MORNING
text: MR. PERKINS emerges from a guest cottage, flanked by his
dialog: aide Harry.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: ...They'll push for dismantlement of
dialog: our apparatus in Chile, but we've
dialog: got a degree of plausible
dialog: deniability...
text: Harry's FOOT comes down on a circular slab of STONE -- and a
dialog: voice from the grave says:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Stay very still.
text: Stops him in his tracks, stops him dead --
text: As CHARLY BALTIMORE steps from the nearby trees. Stands,
text: twenty yards downrange. Beretta leveled at both of them.
text: Two months, you barely notice the limp. She stands there in
text: sleeveless top and short skirt and looks like a million.
text: Thumbs a metal box, click-! A red ARMING LIGHT blinks on.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Good morning, I'm Charly. The slab
dialog: you're standing on is actually a
dialog: land mine. Keep your foot on the
text: pressure plate, nothing happens.
dialog: Step off the stone, we'll all be
dialog: wearing you.
text: PERKINS steps forward. The gun shifts. Targets him.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: Charly, I know we've treated you
dialog: poorly, please, it was just business --
text: She reaches in a pocket. Tosses him a cellular phone -- He
text: catches it as though it were a live snake.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: My terms are these. Call State and
dialog: order full disclosure on your personal
dialog: correspondence. Then disband Chapter,
dialog: effective immediately. In exchange...?
dialog: I won't shoot you, and I won't make
dialog: you stand on that mine. I won't touch
dialog: you. I won't touch you. I promise.
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: You... you promise.
text: He swallows hard. Looks to his aide... back to her... DIALS.
text: Charly takes a deep breath. Scans the flowers, face placid.
dialog: It's really quite lovely today. Maybe she'll start a garden.
text: Perkins clicks off. Look at Charly:
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: It's done. Now, you promise... you
dialog: won't shoot me... won't make me get
dialog: on the mine...?
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: I promise.
text: She smiles. Shifts her aim and shoots the other guy.
text: Perkins' eyes WIDEN in sudden realization. He LUNGES forward,
text: grabs the aide, holding him up... desperately propping his
text: dead weight atop the land mine...
speaker_heading: PERKINS
dialog: Goddamn you, I can't hold him... You
dialog: bitch... YOU FUCKING BITCH...!
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGETOWN AVENUE - DAYTIME
text: Henessey's CHRYSLER CONVERTIBLE has been restored to a cherry
text: red. It purrs along the boulevard, Charly at the wheel. Hair
text: blowing. She talks on the cellular phone:
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Yes, Mr. President, you have my
dialog: assurance that Perkins' latest
dialog: operation has been rendered beyond
dialog: salvage.
text: Behind her a GOUT OF EARTH blows skyward. Showers the road a
dialog: ways back.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
text: He's not in the greatest shape either.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
text: He speaks from the oval office, face grave:
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: I owe you an astounding debt of
dialog: thanks, Colonel. Would it be
dialog: impertinent to ask if you'd consider
dialog: working for State again? The moneys
dialog: involved would be substantial.
speaker_heading: CHARLY
dialog: Out of the question. I've got a stack
dialog: of papers to grade. Listen, before I
dialog: go, I need a small favor...
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN HOME - AKRON, OHIO - DAY
text: Henessey's EX-WIFE stands in the open doorway, flanked by
text: her son TODD. Two uniformed COPS speak solemnly:
speaker_heading: UNIFORM COP #1
dialog: ...As I say, we can only apologize
dialog: for the system, Ma'am, but it's
dialog: confirmed that your husband is
dialog: innocent of the crime for which he
dialog: was imprisoned. This is a photograph
dialog: of the actual criminal...
text: He shows her a mug shot of TIMOTHY.
speaker_heading: UNIFORM COP #1
dialog: A petty thief, now deceased. I'll
dialog: respect your wishes should you choose
dialog: to file charges against the State
dialog: Attorney...
text: In the eyes of a young boy, Henessey finds redemption.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - EDGE OF WHEATFIELD - TWILIGHT
text: Sun, passing into mystery. Wheatfield, rippling. Caitlin is
text: in the yard, chasing a big floppy-eared Labrador.
text: On the porch, a CRICKET chirps. HAL comes out, sits beside
text: his wife CHARLY as she finishes eating. Says softly:
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Just talked to Dr. Sullivan, she's
dialog: gonna need the full braces. Even
dialog: with your teaching, insurance won't
dialog: cover it... I don't know what to do.
text: Pause. Charly says nothing. The dog parades up to Caitlin
text: with a stick in its jaws. A farm truck goes by, a faraway
text: speck.
text: Charly absent-mindedly rolls a steak knife in her fingers.
text: Eyes far away.
text: It never occurs to her what she's done until the chirping
dialog: stops.
text: Ten feet away, the knife quivers.
text: FADE OUT. ROLL END CREDITS.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
