speaker_heading: THE ARTIST
dialog: Written by
speaker_heading: MICHEL HAZANAVICIUS
speaker_heading: THE ARTIST
text: Silent film, illustrated musically, with some title cards to
text: indicate the dialogues, with actors whose lips move when they
text: speak although we never hear their voices. The images are in
text: black and white, in format 1.33.
speaker_heading: TITLES 1
text: The letters of the titles come up on a title card typical of
text: the 1920s. Elegant motifs around the edge of the frame, and,
text: in the background, there are geometrical shapes reminiscent
text: of the light beams of a film premiére. Behind is a stylized
text: town. The titles end in a fade to black. On black, the date
text: appears on the screen: 1927
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - DAY 2
text: In a "futuristic" 1920s laboratory, a man in tail coat and
text: bow tie is being tortured. Ultrasound is being piped into his
text: ears. It's incredibly painful! He's screaming.
dialog: Title card:
dialog: I‘m not telling! I won’t talk!!!
text: His torturers, cold men of science in white coats, gradually
text: increase the volume. The pain seems unbearable, the volume
dialog: reaches level 10 (maximum), the man passes out!
scene_heading: INT. CELLS & CORRIDORS - DAY 3
text: Guards wearing long leather overcoats throw the man into a
dialog: cell!
text: As the man is lying there on the ground, a dog wiggles
text: through the bars at the window. The dog, a Jack Russell,
text: jumps on top of the man - visibly his master ~ and begins to
text: lick his face. The man opens one eye! When he sees his dog,
text: he can't help cracking a smile...
text: The man, now on his feet, looks in pain. Despite the pain, he
text: motions to his dog who begins to bark in lively fashion.
text: Outside the cell, the guard looks curious about the noise. He
text: goes to the door, opens the spy flap and finds himself face
text: to face with the man, eye to eye just a couple of inches
text: apart! The man moves his eyes in such a way that he
text: hypnotizes the guard! Superimposed on the screen: a spinning
text: black and white spiral, until the dazed guard take his keys,
text: opens the door and releases the man and his dog.
dialog: 
dialog: 2.
text: The man (the hero, thus) imprisons the guard without harming
text: him, then runs over to the guard's desk. His ears are still
text: causing him pain, but he opens a drawer and takes out his
text: belongings: a top hat which he snaps open, and a mask, which
text: he puts over his head to conceal his eyes.
text: We catch up with the masked man walking down corridors. He
text: suddenly stops, copied by his dog who follows him like his
text: shadow. The man, on his guard, has spotted another guard
text: where two corridors meet.
text: With a look, he orders his dog to move forwards into the
text: guard's line of sight. The guard looks over at the animal.
text: Using his fingers, the hero pretends to shoot his dog. The
text: dog collapses, plays dead. The guard, increasingly curious,
text: gets to his feet. He slowly approaches the motionless dog.
text: When he comes close he is attacked from the side by the hero,
text: who quickly puts him out of action with a mere punch!
text: The masked man then rushes to another cell, and releases a
text: young female prisoner. She too is wearing evening dress. As
text: she is thanking him he staggers and clutches his ears in
text: pain. She's concerned.
dialog: title card:
dialog: Can I help you in some way?
text: He refuses.
dialog: Title card:
dialog: No. I don’t get helped. I give the help around here.
text: He composes himself. She casts him an admiring glance. Then,
text: in view of the urgency of their situation, they escape at a
dialog: run,
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE/LABORATORY - DAY 4
text: They come out of a house that is lost in the hills, climb
text: into a Bugatti sports car that the man starts by rubbing two
text: wires together, and speed off.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY 5
text: The car speeds along the road. Its occupants turn round to
dialog: check they aren't being followed.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT, HOUSE/LAB ~- DAY 6
text: The guard who got knocked out picks himself up, realizes what's
text: happened and dashes over to his office. He grabs a radio
text: emitter and begins sending a message.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR FIELD - DAY 7
text: The hero, the young woman and the dog come to a halt in the
text: Bugatti on the air field, by a telegraph pole whose wires
text: lead...to a watch tower.
text: In the watch tower, a radio receptor is vibrating. A soldier
text: approaches, listens and suddenly understands! He grabs hold of
text: his gun and goes out onto the air field, only to find the
text: fugitives! He tries to shoot at them as he draws closer, but
text: the hero manages to throw an airplane propeller at him, before
text: climbing inside where the woman and dog are waiting for him.
text: The airplane begins to move.
text: The soldier shoots.
text: The airplane is positioning itself on the runway, while the
dialog: soldier continues to fire!
text: The aircraft gains speed.
text: The soldier is still shooting, but too late, as the heroo pulls
text: back the joystick, and the airplane takes to the sky...
text: The soldier is furious, but the hero is all smiles as he looks
text: back towards the ground and shouts something.
dialog: Title card: Free Georgia forever!!!
text: The airplane flies away into the evening sky.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPLANE - NIGHT 8
text: A little later in the night, still at the controls, the man is
text: fighting not to fall asleep. Behind him, the women is sleeping,
text: the dog is lying in her arms. Suddenly she is awoken by
text: explosions happening close by! Pandemonium! The man doesn't
text: understand it either, he tries to pick up altitude, but quickly
text: notices that the explosions are in fact pretty and
text: inoffensive. He consults a calendar dial on the control panel
text: that shows it is July 14th, immediately understands, and
text: bursts into laughter.
dialog: Title card: We’ve arrived, welcome to France!!!
dialog: 
dialog: 10
text: As the music picks up the tune of The Marseillaise, the
text: airplane flies away through the exploding fireworks...
text: The words "The End" appear on the screen.
scene_heading: INT. WINGS MOVIE THEATER LOS ANGELES - NIGHT 3
dialog: From the moment they parked the car onwards, we become
text: absorbed by what's happening around the screening of end of
dialog: this film.
text: Behind the screen, we've seen the actor who plays the hero -
dialog: his name is George Valentin - closely studying the reactions
text: of the audience. He was standing close to his dog, motioning
text: to it not to make a noise. The dog's name is Jack.
dialog: In the same area, we've also seen the lead actress. Her name
text: is Constance Gray. She too looks tense and is latched onto
text: the arm of a pleasant-looking man who is chewing anxiously on
text: a cigar. The man looks rich, but a little weak. He's surely
dialog: the producer.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER LOS ANGELES - NIGHT 10
text: In the house, much of the audience is open-mouthed, excited,
text: immobile and often wide-eyed.
text: In the pit, a symphony orchestra plays to accompany the film.
text: (9) Now that the film is ending, and the last note is
text: sounding, the cast anxiously awaits the audience's verdict,
text: which, after two or three seconds of silence, bursts into
text: thunderous applause, to the great joy of the actor and the
dialog: people around him, especially the actress and the producer,
text: who kiss each other on the lips.
text: Two theater hands bring down the curtain.
text: (10) The lights come on. George Valentin comes onto the stage
text: and acknowledges the audience, they are cheering for him. He
text: is so happy he dances a few tap steps to express his joy then
text: he acknowledges the orchestra before finally motioning to
text: someone in the wings to join him. Jack the dog trots over in
text: response. The crowd laughs and cheers, George waves to the
text: dog, Jack waves back then waves at the audience, the people
dialog: are loving it!
text: In the wings, Constance is fuming with rage, but on stage,
text: George is pretending with his fingers to pull at the dog, who
text: fakes death. Thunderous applause again.
dialog: 
dialog: ll
dialog: 5.
text: Behind the actress, the producer can't hold back a smile, and
text: this enrages the actress still more.
text: Suddenly, George, hamming it up, remembers something he'd
text: forgotten, and asks someone from the other side of the wings
text: to join him. It's Constance. She comes over, smiling to the
text: audience, and says something to George with a smile.
dialog: Title card: I'll get you for that.
text: She waves, but we can tell that her smile is set between her
text: teeth. She isn't feeling comfortable. George motions firing a
text: gun with his fingers, but she does not fall down, merely
text: casts him a "very funny" glance. George looks at his fingers,
text: not understanding why they don't work anymore then mimes
text: throwing them away behind him, as though they've become
text: useless. Constance stalks back off into the wings in
text: annoyance, but the audience is ecstatic. Once in the wings,
text: the actress sticks up her middle finger at George, and
text: exaggeratedly mouths so he can read her lips: "Put this up
text: your ass." George, grinning broadly, responds by clapping his
text: hands in applause, then leaves the stage, executing a few
text: more dance steps as he does so. The audience is delighted.
text: As he comes off stage, George gets soundly told off by
text: Constance, but, still grinning, he motions towards the
text: audience who are still asking for more. The producer,
text: although delighted by the successful reception, makes a weak
text: attempt to calm the actress down. As for George, he returns
text: to the stage, the audience roars. He pretends to want to
text: leave the stage, and mimes bumping into an invisible wall
text: just as he's leaving the stage. George holds his nose, the
text: audience goes wild, Constance gets even madder, and while
text: George carries on clowning about, the producer too breaks
text: into a beaming smile. He's probably realized that George has
text: the audience on his side.. Constance, furious, storms off. She
text: is followed by the producer who is trying to placate her,
text: although it looks like he's got his work cut out for him.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER LOS ANGELES - NIGHT 11
text: Outside, we are in front of a typically American movie theater
text: decked out with all the accessories of a grand premiére. The
text: entrance is lit up, there are crowds gathered on the sidewalk,
text: cops are guarding the red carpet with a cordon of bodies, etc.
text: George comes out, causing the crowds, mainly young women, to
text: press forwards - and the photographers’ flashes to spark into
text: life. The cops are struggling to maintain control of the
text: situation as George poses for the photographers and waves at
dialog: his many fans.
dialog: 
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 6.
text: In the crowd, a young woman right at the front is staring at
text: him in rapture. She drops her bag and, as she bends to pick it
text: up, a swell in the crowd pushes her underneath the arms of the
text: policeman in front of her, out of the crowd and into George.
text: She stares at him, more in love than ever, delighted to be
text: there. The police wait for someone to give orders. George
text: doesn't quite know what to do. Nobody moves. The young woman
text: finally bursts out laughing, which, after a moment of shock,
text: causes George to laugh too, thus placating the cops and tacitly
text: signaling to the photographers that they can take pictures of
text: the scene. The flashes seem to lend the woman self-confidence
text: who, in a very carefree manner, begins to clown about in front
text: of them. George is delighted at the sight, by the whole scene
text: and, realizing this, the young woman steals a kiss. Flash. The
text: image becomes static, then dissolves into the printed picture
text: on the front page of "The Hollywood Reporter" newspaper, along
text: with three other pictures of the scene and the headline WHO'S
speaker_heading: THAT GIRL?
scene_heading: INT. GEO! RIS’ HOUSE - DAY 12
text: The very same newspaper is being read by an elegant woman
text: sitting at a sumptuous breakfast table. We are in the large
text: dining room of an ultra-luxurious Hollywood villa. All around
text: her are magnificent furniture, superb paintings and objets
text: d'art, including a beautiful trio of monkeys, one hiding its
text: eyes, one with hands clasped to its ears and the third
text: obscuring its mouth. George comes into the room and kisses
text: his wife. She responds with cold indifference. You could cut
text: the atmosphere with a knife. The woman hands George the
text: newspaper. He knows what's up but tries to laugh it off. She
text: doesn't find it funny, is as cold as stone and barely looks
text: at him. She is obviously extremely annoyed with him. George
text: picks up his dog and puts it on the table. Jack drops his
text: head to one side and his big eyes implore seem to implore her
text: forgiveness. It's the exact expression of someone asking to
text: be loved, but Doris is implacable. She gets up, walks away
text: and does not turn back. Left on his own, George has a closed
text: expression on his face. He seems unhappy to have hurt his
text: wife's feelings. Then he realizes that Jack is on the table
text: in a ridiculous pose, and signals to him to get down. The dog
text: obeys. George looks at the paper, the cause of his problems.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD STREET BUS - DAY 13
text: Thirteen white letters placed on a hillside.
scene_heading: HOLLYWOODLAND.
text: Below, in town, a bus.
dialog: 
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: INT. BUS (D) NG ) /Hi = 14
text: Inside the full bus is the young woman from the day before. Her
text: name is Peppy Miller. She is proudly holding "The Hollywood
text: Reporter" with her face on the front page, and is more or less
text: discreetly making suggestive glances, hoping that someone
text: recognizes her. But the people around her - from working and
text: middle class backgrounds - are visibly on their way to work and
text: remain impervious to her game.
text: She - carefully - puts the paper away in her bag, in which four
text: or five copies of the newspaper are already carefully tucked
text: away, then gets off the bus at the next stop.
scene_heading: EXT. KINOGRAPH - DAY 15
text: She goes through the main gates of Kinograph Studios, and
text: heads towards where they hire extras.
text: In a courtyard, fifty-odd people are waiting, some sitting on
text: wooden crates, others standing. There are mums with kids,
text: guys with animals, men dressed as cowboys, etc. Peppy is
text: among them, sitting next to a man of about sixty who is
text: dressed in a highly stylized fashion. His job is obviously
text: that of a butler. Peppy proudly shows him the picture in the
text: newspaper. The man leans to take a closer look, unfolds the
text: newspaper, sees the headline, smiles and then folds it back
text: up again and returns it to Peppy text-side-up, highlighting
dialog: the headline: Who's that girl ?
text: Peppy is a bit annoyed to have been put in her place, but
text: deep down she knows he's right. Nobody knows who she is. She
text: puts the newspaper away.
text: A man who visibly works for the studio, some assistant or
text: other, comes into the courtyard, climbs on a crate and makes
text: an announcement.
dialog: Title card: Contemporary film! Five girls who can dance!
text: All the men who had pressed forwards turn on their heels,
text: leaving the assistant surrounded only by women. The man says
text: something to one girl, who begins to dance. He motions to her
text: that it's ok and she heads off towards the wardrobe section.
text: He does the same with a second girl and she gets hired too.
text: Then it's Peppy's turn. She puts a lot of energy into a few
text: top class tap steps, impressing the guy to such an extent
text: that he smiles admiringly then signals that she's hired.
text: Full of self-assurance that her lucky day has come, Peppy
text: heads off towards wardrobe too; swinging, her hips as she
text: pauses in front of the butler.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 16A
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 
dialog: Title card: The name is Miller. Peppy Miller!
text: She finishes with an exaggerated wink, before walking on,
text: leaving behind the impassive butler.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE & DORIS’ HOUSE - DAY 16A
text: In the lobby, George is preparing to leave the house. He
text: waves at the huge, full-length portrait of himself waving and
text: amiling whilst wearing a tuxedo. He looks great in the
text: painting, and George is delighted to see and to wave to
dialog: himself.
dialog: Ez = Di 16
text: Later, George, in a luxurious car driven by his chauffeur,
text: arrives at the Kinograph studios with his dog. The guard at the
text: entrance smiles broadly at them and waves.
scene_heading: INT. RKINOGRAPH = ORS — 17
text: As he walks towards his dressing room, everyone smiles at him.
dialog: He's not always fooled by these signs of respect, and apes a
text: few smiles himself.
scene_heading: INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - GEORGE’§ DRESSING ROOM - DAY 18
text: In his dressing room, wearing a tailcoat and top hat, George
text: is finishing putting his make up on. He has a white face and
text: dark lips and eyes. His chauffeur is signing autographs for
text: him on full length photographs of himself (George) with his
dialog: dog. George says to him:
dialog: Title card: Go and buy a piece of jewelry for my wife. A nice
dialog: piece, to make it up to her.
text: The chauffeur nods. Having finished his mask up, George,
text: picks up a photo, looks at it closely and then writes on it. :
text: As he leaves the dressing room, we see the photograph. He’s i
text: written Woof Woof on it, and signed it with the paw print of
text: a dog.
dialog: 19
text: We're on a film set, the crew is setting up a shot. The
text: director is unhappy with a screen positioned behind a bay
text: window and he sends it off.
dialog: 
dialog: 9.
dialog: fitle card: Remove that screen and bring me another one! On
dialog: the double!
text: Two hands pick up the screen and carry it away. George
text: arrives on set, everyone smiles at him. He sits down on the
dialog: chair which bears his name. The producer whom we saw the
text: previous day at the premiére arrives. His name is Zimmer, and
text: he's flanked by - and followed around at every moment by -
text: two secretaries and two assistants. One of them hands him The
text: Hollywood Reporter, and Zimmer, before he's even come toa
text: halt, talks to George as he shows him the front page. He is
text: visibly upset. George looks a lot more relaxed, he says hello
text: and vaguely tries to reassure him. But Zimmer persists, still
text: pointing at the newspaper.
dialog: Title card: Because of this childish nonsense, there's
dialog: nothing about the film before page 5!
text: Behind George, the two set hands come back with a new screen
text: of sky scenery, and wait, standing just next to George. As
text: they are holding it, there is a three foot gap underneath.
text: While the producer is talking to him, George's attention is
text: drawn by a lovely pair of women's legs that have come to
text: stand behind the screen, the top half of the body being
text: hidden by it. George acknowledges the sight with a smile and
text: is about to bring his attention back to the on-going
text: discussion, when his attention is drawn away again by a
text: noise, that of the tap steps the female legs are making,
text: presumably as a warm up. George smiles in recognition and
text: responds with a few tap steps of his own. The women's legs
text: instantly stop, seem to think a moment and then answer back,
text: but with a jump in the complexity of the steps. A tap
text: dialogue ensues between the two pairs of legs, until the set
text: hands - the path before them now cleared - pick up their
text: screen of scenery and walk off with it. The screen moves away
text: and as it disappears reveals that the upper body belongs to a
text: young woman. She pulls a face meaning ‘Here I am!!' And of
text: course it's Peppy, except that she immediately realizes who
text: she is dealing with - visibly she wasn’t expecting this at
text: all - and feels completely ridiculous and uncomfortable.
text: Her joyful expression gradually becomes one of abject
text: apology, but George is roaring with laughter.
text: After a short pause, Zimmer makes the connection. He checks
text: the front page of the paper, and recognizes her!
text: Then he begins shouting at her and all she can do is lower
text: her head, unable to reply. He gestures that she's fired and
text: for her to get out, and she starts to go, completely
text: distraught. She's just made a couple of steps when George
text: stops her and tells her to come back. Everyone is surprised,
text: most of all him. Zimmer can't believe it, and so doesn't
dialog: respond at first.
dialog: 
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 10.
text: There's bad feeling between them, as though neither wanted
dialog: this sudden conflict, but like it had always been there,
text: tangible. Everyone on the set seems to be waiting for Zimmer
text: to react, but to their surprise, after a long moment of
text: hesitation, he walks away without saying a thing. Peppy looks
text: at George gratefully, smiling, but seems a little preoccupied
text: as though she might have made a mistake.
text: Everyone on set gets back to work.
scene_heading: INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - RESTAURANT DECOR SET - DAY 20
text: They're about to start shooting. The director is showing
text: George what he has to do. The scene is happening in a cabaret
text: restaurant. George has to cross a dance floor, but each time he
text: is stopped by a guy ringing a bell to signal it is time to
text: change dancing partner. George finds himself dancing with
text: Peppy one moment, and in the arms of a very fat man the next,
text: the director finds the gag hysterical. The scene is shot
text: several times from three different angles. Each time, George
text: dances with Peppy, and, each time, the nature of their rapport
text: changes. To begin with, they are happy and laughing, but then,
text: with time, less so. Then they become embarrassed, and then
text: things get worse. We start the sequence again and again, to the
text: sound of the clapperboard counting the number of takes, but the
text: eroticism between them is the only thing that stands out from
text: the scene, every thing else goes unnoticed. Ultimately, no
dialog: flirting or suggestiveness has gone on, just the very obvious
text: beginning of feelings between them that they find disturbing.
dialog: It's probably love.
scene_heading: INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - DRESSING ROOM CORRIDORS - DAY 21
text: Later on, in the dressing room corridor, Peppy, holding an
text: envelope, goes up to George's door. She knocks, waits for a
text: reply, then enters. There's nobody there. She hesitates, not
dialog: sure whether to leave or stay...
scene_heading: INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - ’ = 22
text: Finally, she goes into the room and places the envelope
text: addressed to George Valentin on the dresser. Then she
text: attentively looks around the dressing room. She looks at the
text: objects and photos and notices, hanging from a coat stand,
text: George's jacket on a hanger, and his hat which sits on a hook
text: above it. The way the clothes are disposed looks like George's
text: silhouette, except that the clothes are empty. She goes over,
text: strokes the jacket and little by little brings George to life
text: through his clothes.
dialog: 
dialog: 23
dialog: 11.
text: She puts her right hand into the sleeve and touches her own
text: waist. As it's George's sleeve, she makes it look like his arm
text: has come to life, as though George has come to life. Even more
text: so since her left hand is stroking the jacket as though George
text: were inside. She takes pleasure from the embrace and, when
text: George comes into the room, she slowly removes her hand without
text: any rush. George sees her, they look at each other. He closes
text: the door but doesn't go over to her, instead going over to the
text: mirror. He looks at her, she at him. He motions to her to
text: approach. She does. He stares at her face for a while before he
dialog: speaks.
dialog: Title card: If you want to be an actress, you need to have
dialog: something no one else has.
text: He takes a make-up pencil and draws a beauty spot above her
text: upper lip. She looks at herself in the mirror and smiles. She
text: likes it. She turns towards him and, quite naturally, folds
text: into his arms. The dog watches them curiously with its head
text: leaning to one side. They are probably about to kiss when
text: George's chauffeur comes into the room and catches them.
text: George swiftly moves aside and there is a moment of
text: discomfort. The chauffeur unwraps a parcel and takes out a
text: large and beautiful pearl necklace. George is intrigued by
text: the necklace, and turns away from Peppy. She understands that
text: George has his own life, that their embrace was just a stolen
text: moment and slowly leaves, locking back at George as she does
text: so. He does not look at her. She leaves the room. Once he has
text: studied and necklace and is satisfied, George turns back
text: towards Peppy but she is no longer there. The chauffeur exits
dialog: the room.
text: When he is alone, George looks at himself in the mirror. His
dialog: expression shows that he things he is the stupidest man in
text: the world. He mimes shooting himself in the temple with his
text: fingers, but it's the dog which collapses into its play-dead
dialog: pose.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE & DORIS’ HOUSE - DAY 23
text: The next morning, he's having breakfast with his wife. The
text: atmosphere is still dreadful but this time he's not making any
text: effort either. He disdainfully watches Doris eat. She is
text: cutting up strawberries using a knife and fork. George watches
text: her, smiles and continues to watch. Except it's not Doris he's
text: watching. Instead it's Peppy who's tucking into her food and
text: talking and laughing vivaciously. George is with her with an
text: expression of love on his face. He's laughing with her when,
text: suddenly, reality bites. He's still sitting opposite Doris,
text: and she's staring at him because she doesn't understand why he
text: is laughing. She visibly finds him ridiculous. He stops
text: laughing and breakfast carries on as normal.
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. GEO! & f = 24
text: We see several quick sequences which indicate time passing:
text: Breakfasts with George and Doris where the atmosphere is
text: increasingly dreadful. Doris scribbles on photos of George in
text: the press, draws on moustaches, large spectacles, etc.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO/S: = Y, = 25
text: Short extracts of George in various films, in which he portrays
text: a pirate, then a cowboy, then William Tell, etc. We also see
text: him in "Someday in July" in the sequence he shot with Peppy and
text: the fat male dancer.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER AUDIENCE, ETC. - DAY 26
text: Movie-goers reacting to the films, but the way the images are
dialog: edited - cut with breakfast images - could mean they are
text: reacting to them too.
text: Among the audience is Peppy Miller. She's trying to
text: concentrate fully on the film and is pushing away the handsome
text: young man she's with, who is trying to kiss her. We see her
text: later, at the movies again, but this time alone.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO/STAGES ~- PEPPY AS A SERVANT/DANCER/ETC. - DAY 27
text: We see her playing some bit parts, maid, dancer, etc. Her roles
text: seem to get a little bigger. We notice that she now wears the
dialog: beauty spot that she'll keep forever.
text: Her name climbs up the ranks in the title sequences of films,
text: until it appears on its own.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE ~ PEPPY/CONTRACT/1927 - DAY 28
text: We see her signing a contract in a small office, she seems
dialog: happy.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE ~- GEORGE/ZIMMER/CONTRACT - DAY 29
text: George signs a big contract with Zimmer as photographers take
text: pictures. He smiles broadly, whereas Zimmer looks like his
text: smile is a little forced.
text: The date appears on the screen: 1929
dialog: 
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: KINOGRAPH STUDI = 7% = 30
text: George, dressed as a musketeer, is sword-fighting with three
text: middle-ages thugs in a tavern. He kills two of them, but
text: unfortunately loses his epee when fighting the third. But when
text: the third man attacks, George merely dodges with a sleight of
text: body and puts his attacker out of action with a right hook!
text: Calm restored, he smiles and waves in brotherly fashion to a
text: mysterious man who is trying to hide underneath his long cape.
text: The man stands up, throws aside his cape and reveals himself to
text: be... Napoleon! He puts his bicorne hat back on and warmly
text: thanks an astonished George. Napoleon says something to him
text: and George respectfully bows, walks away from him still bowing
text: then turns and runs. Once out of the decor, he bumps right into
text: a worried-looking Zimmer who is followed by his loyal
text: assistants. George is in a playful mood. Zimmer tells him:
dialog: Title Card: I want to show you something. Right now.
text: George seems astonished that Zimmer is leaving the set and
text: not filming, but agrees. Napoleon walks past them very
text: imperially and gestures royally to a technician to bring him
text: a chair. The technician doesn't miss the chance to remind the
dialog: man that he is only an extra, and not Napoleon.
scene_heading: INT. SCREENING ROOM - STUDIO - DAY 31
text: Zimmer, his guards, and George - still dressed as a musketeer -
text: come into a screening room in which a dozen or so very serious-
text: looking people are waiting. They sit down and Zimmer, very
text: proudly and self-confidently, gestures to an assistant who
text: Passes on the message to the projectionist. The room goes dark.
text: The screening begins.
scene_heading: INT, VOICE TEST STUDIO ~ DAY 32
text: On screen we see a card that indicates it's a sound shooting
text: test for a talking scene. Then Constance appears, the actress
text: from the spy film. She's standing in front of a mic and she
text: tests it, delighted to be there. Cut. We see her again, the
text: microphone has disappeared and she acts out a scene. It's a
text: monologue. Her acting is terrible, very theatrical, but the }
text: audience can hear her. It is however, awful.
text: (31) In the screening room, the audience seems stunned by
text: what they see/hear. They are fascinated. They then begin to
text: congratulate each other and slap Zimmer on the back. Zimmer's
text: pride seems to grow by the second.
text: George, who at first seemed very surprised, slowly begins a
text: snigger which gradually has become a belly laugh when the
text: actress earnestly ends her monologue.
dialog: 
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 14.
text: When the lights come up, George is laughing uncontrollably
text: way beyond the bounds of mere mockery as his sincerity is
text: obvious. The people present are embarrassed, and Zimmer is
text: deeply put out. George, still laughing, leaves the room, :
text: waving an apology with his hands as he goes, but also i
text: pointing to the screen to explain why he's laughing. Zimmer
text: feels even more humiliated. Fade to black on his face.
scene_heading: INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - GEORGE’S DRESSI! = 33
text: We're back with George in his dressing room. He's removing his
text: make up. He moves some ordinary object and the object, as he
text: moves it, makes a noise. We hear the noise it makes. Really
text: hear it. It’s the first time we've heard a sound that comes
text: from within the film itself. One second later, George realizes
text: that the object made a noise. He moves it again, the object
text: makes a noise again. George is worried. He tries another object
text: and obtains noise again. His dog barks and we hear it! He gets
text: up (chair makes a noise) and says something to his dog, but no
text: sound comes out of his mouth when he speaks. He realizes
text: this... Panic sets in, he turns to the mirror and tries talking
text: again, but still no sound comes out. Not understanding what's
text: happening, the feeling of panic fully blossoms and he flees his
dialog: dressing room!
scene_heading: INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - DRESSING ROOM CORRIDORS ~— DAY 34
text: Noisy, laughing dancers pass in the corridor, others are
text: talking or shouting and even if we can't make out what they are
text: saying, they are all making sound. George tries to talk to them
text: but his voice remains silent. One dancer, seeing his fright,
text: bursts into throaty laughter. George rushes through the
text: milling crowd the sound of which is becoming increasingly
dialog: loud...
scene_heading: EXT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - COURTYARD - DAY 35
text: ++-and bursts out into the courtyard of the studio that is now
text: suddenly deserted and silent. In front of him a feather eddies
text: slowly to the ground, carried by the breeze. It finally lands,
text: making a completely abnormal and disproportionate noise like
text: that of a building crashing to the ground in slow motion.
text: George screams, but again his cry is silent.
scene_heading: & Di f = BEDROOM - NIGHT 36
text: George awakes with a start! He's in bed and is having trouble
text: shaking off his nightmare.
text: The film continues as normal: in other words, silent.
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 
dialog: 15.
text: His wife is sleeping by his side. He gets up, taking care not
dialog: to make a sound.
scene_heading: iT. & DORIS’ HOUSE - L’ R = NI 37 :
text: George calms down as he sits in the living room, alone in the :
text: darkness. Jack, still sleepy, has just curled into a ball :
text: next to him to fall back to sleep. George smiles and gives
text: him a pat.
dialog: 38
text: Driven by his chauffeur, George crosses town heading for the
dialog: studios.
scene_heading: EXT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - DAY 39
text: The car goes through the studio gates. There's nobody there.
text: George gets out. He goes into the courtyard. There's nobody
dialog: there either.
scene_heading: INT. KINOGRAPH = D - DAY . 40
text: He goes into the studio and heads for the set. There is still
text: no one about. He doesn't understand and goes back outside.
scene_heading: EXT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - DAY 41
text: Outside in the deserted courtyard, a feather eddies towards
text: the ground, carried by the breeze. George is watching it drift
text: to the ground when suddenly a gust of wind sends it soaring
text: back into the sky. George follows it with his eyes and notices
text: aman crossing between two sets. He looks like some kind of set
dialog: hand or assistant; a working man in any case. George calls to
text: him. The two men draw close and George asks him what's
text: happening. The man takes the day's newspaper out of his pocket
text: and hands it to George before walking off. George reads:
dialog: Kinograph Studios stop all silent productions to work
text: exclusively on talkies.
scene_heading: INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS — SECRETARY'S OFFICE - DAY 42
text: Despite the secretary's attempts to stop him, a furious George
text: storms into Zimmer's office.
dialog: 43
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS ~ ZIMMER’S OFFICE - DAY 43
text: Zimmer is in a meeting with some men. They are probably
dialog: engineers in view of the attention being given to the plans
text: lying on the desk. Everyone is surprised by George’s rude
text: entry. The engineers seem embarrassed, but Zimmer smiles and
text: politely asks them to leave, as though asking for their
text: understanding. As they head for the door, some of them drop
text: their heads so as not to meet George's eyes, whereas others
text: look him right between the eyes but without any love lost. This
text: exchange causes a strange, unpleasant feeling within him. He
text: seems embarrassed. It's perhaps due to the rudeness of his
text: eruption into the office, but it's more likely due to the looks
text: he's been given. For the first time for ages, he has not been
dialog: looked at how a star is normally looked at - with respect,
dialog: desire and admiration - but like any ordinary man is looked at
text: or, worse still, how a superfluous man is looked at.
text: As George realizes that his status has just changed, Zimmer
text: invites him to sit down. Then speaks to him, in a friendly
dialog: manner.
dialog: title card: We belong to another age, you and I, George.
dialog: Nowadays, the world talks.
text: He talks to him, looks a little embarrassed, while George
text: takes it on the chin, not knowing how to respond.
dialog: Title card: People want to see new faces. Talking faces.
text: George reaches deep down into himself and makes an effort to
dialog: bring up a smile.
dialog: Title card: Paramount will be delighted. They still want me.
text: Zimmer responds with a pursing of the lips that is more
dialog: damning than any counter argument could be. As though he's
text: telling George he can always give it a go.. George understands
text: what's happening. Zimmer is sorry.
dialog: Title card: I’m sorry. The public wants fresh blood. And the
dialog: public is never wrong.
text: George gets to his feet. i
dialog: Title card: It’s me the people want and it’s my films they
dialog: want to see. And I’m going to give them to then.
text: Zimmer nods with another pursing of the lips, as though he
text: can't wait to see that. George seems very sure of himself.
dialog: Title card: I don’t need you. Go make your talking movies.
dialog: I’m going to make them a beautiful film!
dialog: 
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 17.
text: As George leaves in disgust, his eyes are drawn to an
text: advertising feature representing the "new faces of Kinograph
text: Studios". Among the medallion framed young portraits, George
text: recognizes that of Peppy Miller. He glances up at Zimmer.
dialog: Title card: Fresh blood...
text: The two men exchange a last glance, then George exits.
scene_heading: INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS, SECRETARY'S OFFICE - DAY 44
text: Outside he feels a few seconds of discouragement but, as he
text: meets the gaze of the engineers waiting in the secretary's
text: antechamber, he puffs up his chest and walks tall out of the
dialog: office.
dialog: . - - 45
text: Going down the stairs from the offices, he passes a laughing
text: Peppy who is accompanied by two young and charming men, perfect
text: specimens of America's golden youth. She is coming up, he is
text: going down. When she notices him, she stops, already one step
text: above of him. She has a beaming smile and is truly delighted to
text: see him. He is delighted too, although his mood is very
dialog: different.
dialog: Title card (him): How are you?
dialog: Title card (her): Fantastic! I’ve been given a lead role!
dialog: Isn’t it wonderful?!
text: He nods, we see in his eyes that he's terribly happy for her.
text: They look at each other, she laughs.
text: Then she fumbles in her bag for something with which to note
text: down her telephone number on a piece of paper. It takes a
text: while and is a little chaotic, she apologizes, but he visibly
text: takes a lot of pleasure out of watching her. She finally gets
text: the number down and hands it to him, telling him to call her —
text: to really call her. In response he casts a glance over to the :
text: young men waiting for her higher up the stairs, and she
text: bursts out laughing. She leans towards him to say something.
dialog: Title card: Gadgets!
text: She looks at him flirtatiously. Then she gestures again for
text: him to call her, and he nods, even though we think that he
text: probably will not do so. She leaves and he watches her go
text: before beginning his decent once more. Once at the top, she
text: turns back to call out to George, he too has turned to look.
text: She smiles at him, breaks into a few tap steps for old time's
text: sake, then blows him a kiss.
dialog: 
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 18.
text: He catches the kiss with a smile, pretends to make it
text: disappear in his other hand like a magician, then shows her
text: the inside breast pocket of his jacket as proof that he's
text: keeping it safe and warm. She laughs loudly and goes on her
text: way. He watches her walk away with admiration in his eyes.
text: She vanishes and George's smile takes on a note of
text: melancholy, and then he leaves too.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 46
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE & DORIS' HOUSE ~ DAY 47
text: George comes home. Doris is there scribbling on a magazine but
text: he takes no notice of her. When the dog jumps into his arms
text: however, he greets it affectionately. Doris is vexed.
dialog: \Y 48
dialog: 
scene_heading: I EORGE & DORIS’ Hi - LIV: -
text: A while later he's running Jack through his tricks when Doris
text: arrives.
dialog: Title card: We have to talk, George.
text: George smiles.
dialog: Title card: Or not.
text: She insists but he doesn't listen. He's with his dog. She
text: gets annoyed, he doesn't answer, she ends up throwing Jack.
text: George cannot forgive her for doing so, he looks at her in
text: disgust. She starts to cry.
dialog: Title card: I’m unhappy, George.
text: He answers without looking at her.
dialog: Title card: So are millions of other people, me for instance.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE’S STUDIO SET - JUNGLE DECOR ~- DAY 49
text: Thanks to a montage of shot frames, photos and press cuttings,
text: we see George begin making his film, the first clap of the
text: board that shows he's both the film's producer and director.
text: The film is called Tears of love, and it tells the tale of an
text: English adventurer - played by himself - accompanied by a young
text: woman, an old man who looks like a professor and who is
text: probably the father of the young woman and, lastly, an African
dialog: tribe represented as savages and whose humanity remains to be
dialog: proven.
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 19.
dialog: We see George in the various stages of preparation: writing, re~
dialog: writing, directing, acting, signing a lot of checks, but also
text: leaving very early in the morning to set up shots with his
text: collaborators, etc. He looks fulfilled, like he truly believes
text: in what he's doing, despite the tiredness he's feeling. His dog
text: has a role in the film too, doing tricks. George looks very
text: happy, very committed. He takes a supple branch, feeds it
text: through the sleeves of a woman's blouse and, by holding the two
text: ends of the branch out in front of him, dances with the
text: imaginary woman. Everyone around him is happy and laughing.
text: He's not shooting a comedy, however, it's obviously a drama of
dialog: some sort from what we see of the set and the way the actors
dialog: play their role.
text: Then appear on screen the mock ups of posters, they are shown
text: on the set to George.
text: He chooses the one in which he is most prominent, it's a poster
text: depicting a cutesy melodrama and bears the release date
dialog: October 25th.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 50
scene_heading: EXT. ANGELES STREET TERS) - DAY 51
text: In the street, at the entrance to a movie theater, George sees
text: a large "Beauty Spot" film poster. The poster shows Peppy close
text: up, wearing a magnificent and jauntily positioned chapka over
text: one eye. She is incredibly stylish but in no way vampish, more
text: the image of a young comedy debut... George looks at her, Peppy
text: seems to be smiling at him. He smiles back. Then his smile
text: becomes strained. He's noticed something. The two theater
text: employees are sticking a banner over the poster that reveals
dialog: the release date of Beauty Spot - it's also October 25th.
scene_heading: INT. ANIMAT: r -_DAY 52
text: Then we see advertising inserts and full page press articles
text: appearing one after the other, creating a montage of images
dialog: with a very 1920's feel. “Get some Peps with Peppy!" and a
text: close up on her smiling, mischievous face. "The girl next
dialog: door", "The girl you’1l love to love" "Young and pretty”, etc.
text: with a photo of Peppy each time, posters of the film and then,
dialog: everywhere, the face that it's a talking movie! Talking,
dialog: talking, talking!
text: As for George, his image is a lot more austere, the photographs
text: show him as very serious. And the captions are like: "I'm not a
dialog: muppet anymore, I'm an artist!”
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 53
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT INTERVIEW - DAY 54
text: We're in a smart restaurant. George has his back to the room
text: and is eating with his chauffeur. Peppy comes into the
text: restaurant and comes to sit just behind George. They are back
text: to back. She is with several young men, two of whom are
text: journalists and they are interviewing her.
dialog: Title card: Your first film doesn’t come out until tomorrow
dialog: and yet you’re already the new darling of Hollywood! How do
dialog: you explain that?
text: She starts by bursting into laughter, which draws George's
text: attention. He turns round to listen to the rest of Peppy's
dialog: answer.
dialog: @itle card: I don’t know, maybe it’s because I talk. And
dialog: people hear me.
text: She continues talking, obviously happy that people are
text: interested in her. She doesn't see George smiling behind her.
dialog: Title card: People are sick to death of those old actors who
text: pull faces to make themselves understood.
text: She continues talking with the casual arrogance of youth.
text: Behind her, George's smile vanishes.
dialog: ]itle card: Anyway, it’s normal for the young to take over
dialog: from the old, that’s life. Make way for youth!
text: George is hurt. He gets up and, before he leaves, gestures
dialog: silently that if she wants his place all she has to do is
text: take it. She watches him leave and immediately regrets what
dialog: she's just said.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE & DORIS’ HOUSE - DAY 55
text: It's the day of the films' release, October 25th.
text: It's morning. George opens his front door. His chauffeur is
text: outside. The man's expression announces bad news. He's holding
text: the day's press. The huge headlines talk of a stock market
text: crash, a black Thursday, a catastrophe.
text: Dressed in a robe, George is on the telephone in the living
text: room. He nods. The atmosphere is stifling. He hangs up. His
text: chauffeur looks at him inquisitively. George replies as though
dialog: lost in thought:
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 21.
dialog: Title card: It would seem that we’re ruined.
text: The chauffeur takes it on the chin with as much reserve as he
text: can muster, but George continues.
dialog: Title card: That’s the best case scenario...
text: He almost laughs - not so the chauffeur.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE & ’ = 56
text: Now wearing a suit, George is sitting at his desk. Lying in
text: front of him are the front pages of newspapers reporting the
text: Crash. He looks for something on the inside pages of one paper
text: and reads. Next to a large picture of Peppy there's a review of
text: his own film, beginning "Tears of Love, Old and Boring". He
text: shuts the paper and searches for something in the drawer of his
text: desk. He takes out a piece of paper. It's the telephone number
text: that Peppy had scribbled down for him. He looks at it, moves
text: closer to the telephone, hesitates, looks at the paper again,
text: then puts the scrap of paper back in the drawer without making
dialog: the call.
scene_heading: INT. PEPPY’S HOUSE - DR - DAY 57
text: Peppy awakes in bed with a start. She doesn't know what has
text: woken her up. She looks around, leoks at the phone, seems
text: perplexed. Then a man's arm invites her to lie back down; she
dialog: does.
text: {56) Still at his desk, George gets up and goes to the
text: window. He seems lost in thought.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE'S STUDIO SET - JUNGLE DECOR - DAY 58
text: An extract from "Tears of Love" in which we see George, holding
text: the young woman in his arms, take part in a cliché-d African
text: dance with shields, spears and all the African accoutrements
text: attributed by Westerners at the time. George and the woman are
text: complacently watching the dance, when George says to the young
dialog: woman .
dialog: Title card: Let’s go back, Norma. They’ve never seen a white
dialog: woman before and I don’t want to take any risks.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER - “TEARS OF LOVE” SCREENING ~ DAY 59
text: There's hardly anyone in the theater. The people that are there
text: lock bored more than anything. At the back smoking a cigarette,
text: George takes the failure on the chin.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 22.
text: One couple gets to their feet and leaves the theater. As the
text: man reaches George, he recognizes him and casts him a glance
dialog: that seems to say "goodness old chap this one's not up to
text: much..." George doesn't know what to say in reply.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE = = 60
text: Outside, George comes out still smoking his cigarette. On the
text: sidewalk, people are cheerfully waiting in line. George walks
text: up the line and comes to a movie house that's playing the
text: "Beauty Spot" talking movie. A huge poster depicts Peppy and
text: the people in the line seem excited and delighted to be going
text: to see the film. It's visibly a success. George takes it on the
dialog: chin.
scene_heading: I ‘ - LOS ANGELES STREETS — 61
text: Inside the car, behind the implacable chauffeur, George is
text: talking to himself, as though he's re-running the story in
text: his head and searching for what he might have done better, or
dialog: differently.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE & DORIS’ HOUSE - DAY 62
text: Once home, he finds a photo of himself on the floor. It has
text: been defaced with a scribbled moustache, spectacles and a big
text: nose. There's a note to him scribbled on the back. We read it
text: at the same time as him.
dialog: It's over, George. You've got a fortnight to collect your
text: gouvenirs together and get out of the house.
dialog: Doris
dialog: P.S.: You should go see Beauty Spot, it's incredible.
text: George takes it on the chin and leaves, revealing behind him
text: the portrait of himself wearing a tuxedo, smiling and waving.
scene_heading: . Me E THEATER - “T! OF LOVE” 6! - DAY 63
text: As for Peppy, she’s in the theater, watching Tears of love.
text: She's with a handsome young man who seems bored.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY 64
text: George is wearing shorts and an explorer's hat. He is sinking
text: in sinking sand. The young woman is screaming and the dog
dialog: barking.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 23.
text: The Africans are panicking but there's nothing anyone can do.
text: George stops struggling, and looks deep into the eyes of the
text: young woman. He says gently:
dialog: Title card: Farewell, Norma. I never loved you...
text: It's obvious he's only saying that so that she can forget him
text: and move on with her life, but it doesn't wash and the young
text: woman weeps all the more, terribly moved by this last
dialog: sacrifice on his part.
text: (63) In the balcony, Peppy is speechless and her face
text: impassive.
text: (64) On screen, George and the young women exchange a last
text: glance as George's face gradually sinks into the sand.
text: (63) Next to Peppy, the young man sits watching her. She sees
dialog: sad.
text: (64) On screen, George has disappeared into the mire. Only
text: one hand stays in the air for several seconds more in a
text: tortured pose, that of a dying man trying to hold on to the
dialog: wind.
text: (63) Peppy's companion seems to find the film far too long
text: and doesn't understand why they haven't already left.
text: (64) The hand has disappeared. The young woman is in a state
text: of shock, rigid with a look of horror on her face. She is no
text: doubt about to be put to certain death. The dog turns round
text: and walks off with head and tail lowered...
text: The End appears on the screen.
text: {63) Peppy seems moved. She is shaking her head from side to
dialog: side.
scene_heading: EXT, LOS ANGELES STREET - PICTURE OF GEO! ~_EVENIN 65
text: Evening has fallen on the town. It's raining. On the ground
text: lies an old page from a newspaper that bears a picture of
text: George. A man's feet trample the picture.
scene_heading: INT. ’ Ht iE 66
text: George is at home. Two bottles are apparent and, obviously
text: drunk, he is staring out the window. The projection of
text: raindrops sliding down the window look like tears running down
text: his face. And Jack's face too. George is pulled out of his
text: stupor as he hears something.
dialog: 
dialog: 67
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: EXT. GEOR ‘ HOUSE - - NIGHT 67 i
text: He opens the door. It's Peppy. She immediately notices that
text: George is drunk. Her smile tenses a little.
dialog: Title card: I wanted to talk, I...
text: George looks at her. She continues.
dialog: Title card: I saw Tears of Love.
text: George nods, and answers.
dialog: Title card: And so you've come to get your money back?
text: She smiles stiffly, not knowing how to react. He continues.
dialog: Title card: Too much face-pulling?
text: She stops smiling because it's not funny at all. It's bitter,
text: even. There's an embarrassed silence. Softly, she tries to
dialog: explain.
dialog: Title card: About last night...
text: She stops because George is not looking at her anymore. He's
text: watching the arrival of the young, smiling, handsome and
text: wholesome man who is with Peppy. George bears a melancholy
dialog: smile.
dialog: ~itle card: You’re right. Make way for youth...
text: The young man shakes George's hand. He's obviously a nice
dialog: lad, and very polite.
dialog: Title card: I’m so happy to meet you. My Dad just loves you.
text: He says it very nicely, with no ulterior motive, but George
text: is cut to the quick. The comment wounds him and Peppy
text: notices. She cuts short the meeting by smiling and upping the
text: cheerfulness stakes, as though to kid George she hasn't
dialog: noticed any embarrassment or perceived anything that might
text: have shocked or hurt him during their encounter.
dialog: Title card: OK! Well, we’ll be off now. 1/11 call you soon.
dialog: Bye!
text: George smiles politely. She leaves, taking the handsome jock
text: with her. George watches them leave. As does his dog, who
text: sits with his head and ears hanging low as though very
text: disappointed. George watches Peppy walking away, then steps
text: forwards and aits down on the steps leading up to the house.
dialog: 
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 25.
text: As she gets into the car, Peppy seems surly, unhappy even,
text: for the first time. She turns her back on her companion.
dialog: Title card: Take me home. I'd like to be alone.
text: George watches the car leave, then goes and sits on a bench
text: next to the front door. But the bench breaks and George finds
text: himself on the ground next to the dog. George remarks evenly
dialog: to Jack:
dialog: Title card: See, could be it just wasn't my day...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEAT =* "=~ DAY 68
text: In the rain, a worker is taking down letters from the facade
text: of a theater. Of Tears of Love, only the word Tears remains.
scene_heading: INT. H STUDIOS - PEPPY’S Ri - DAY 69
text: Peppy is facing her mirror and putting her make up on. She
text: takes a break, looking a little sad. Someone (some kind of
text: assistant) opens the door to her dressing room and says
dialog: something like you need to hurry up. She nods and gets back
dialog: to work.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE POSTERS - LOS ANGELES ~ DAY 70
text: Alternate shots of three or four film posters and frames from
text: them which illustrate Peppy’s rising fame. Her name moves
text: higher up the posters and into bigger letters. The films are
dialog: called "The Rookie", "The Brunette ", "The Girl Next Door” and,
text: finally, "On the Roof ".
speaker_heading: OMITTED 7
scene_heading: INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - PEPPY’S DRESSING ROOM - DAY 72
text: We catch up with her in a close up, applying her make up. The
text: camera pulls back and we see that not only is she not putting
text: the make up on herself - a make up artist is doing that - but
text: there are in fact four pairs of hands getting busy around her;
text: two make up girls, a hairdresser and a wardrobe assistant.
text: Peppy, fortunately, has stayed completely natural and doesn't
text: seem to take any of it seriously. As the last touch is put in
text: place, Peppy gets to her feet and turns round.
dialog: 
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 26.
text: At her feet lie a dozen pairs of shoes, each pair as
text: magnificent as the next, and all in their swanky boxes. Peppy
text: tries on a pair. Close up of her feet.
scene_heading: INT. G! iE! EB {1931) - DAY 73
text: Crossfade to a man's pair of shoes with used heels and uppers.
text: George's dog comes to sit at his feet. The date is superimposed
text: on the screen: 1931.
text: The camera climbs up his legs to reveal George lying fully
text: dressed in his bed, obviously at home in view of his attitude.
text: He's changed. And even if his suit is still pretty smart, he's
text: become more "common", less unattainable. He seems to have lost
dialog: whatever it was that made him so superb. Primarily he's a bit
text: drunk, somewhat hesitant. George gets up and closes his Murphy
text: bed, the kind of bed that slots up into the wall to look like a
text: closet. Then he walks across the living area. His home has
dialog: changed too, it's fallen in class and is a lot more modest than
dialog: the one we were used to seeing him in. We do however recognize
text: some of the objects, furniture and paintings from his old
text: house, notably the huge portrait of him smiling. He goes into
text: the kitchen which is open onto the rest of the apartment.
text: There's nothing in the refrigerator. He looks for something to
text: drink but there's only one bottle left in the rack. He lifts it
text: up. It’s empty.
text: He opens a closet. Inside, a tuxedo hangs among a number of
text: bare hangers.
scene_heading: INT. PAWNSHOP - DAY 74
text: In a pawnshop, George, still a little drunk, is selling his
text: tuxedo. The pawnbroker and he are visibly disagreeing on the
text: price, but of course it's George who folds first and hands
text: over the tuxedo. The pawnbroker counts out the bills and
text: hands them to George who, in a fit of pride, leaves a tip as
text: he leaves - his dignity intact even in the face of adversity.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE'S Ez 75
text: At home, George is drinking and watching his chauffeur fix some
text: food. He seems preoccupied.
dialog: Title card: How long's it been since I paid you last,
dialog: Clifton?
text: The chauffeur answers as he carries on doing what he's doing.
dialog: title card: Been one year now, Sir.
dialog: 
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: V7
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 27.
text: George gets up, visibly thinking that he shouldn't have done
dialog: that, that it's wrong. He go gets the keys and a jacket,
text: comes back and gives them to the chauffeur.
dialog: Witle card: You're fired. Keep the car. Get yourself a job
text: someplace else.
text: The chauffeur refuses, George insists. They don't agree but
text: George ends up throwing him out, even though we've understood
dialog: that he's doing it for Clifton's benefit and not through any
dialog: unkindness.-
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGE'S HOUSE — DAY 76
text: Once outside, the chauffeur doesn't move. He stays next to the
text: car. George watches him through the window. The chauffeur
text: still doesn't budge. George pulis the curtains.
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - EVENING 77
text: In the evening, George looks out between the curtains, the
text: chauffeur is still there. George turns on his heels and gets
text: into his Murphy bed.
scene_heading: INT. GE E'S HOU! - BEDROOM - NI 78
text: Night time. George is in bed with his eyes open.
scene_heading: EXT. ‘S HOUSE - NIGHT 79
text: Outside, the chauffeur is still in the same position.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - DAY 80
text: The next morning, George gets up and goes to look from the
text: window. The chauffeur has gone. George is a little sad, but
text: that's just the way it is... He looks around at his home.
text: A little later, George looks at himself in a mirror. We pass
text: from him to his reflection, which he hides by placing his drink
text: against the mirror.
scene_heading: INT. AUCTION ROOMS - DAY 81
dialog: A sign says that the effects of George Valentin are to be
text: auctioned. Furniture, costumes, objets d'art and paintings on
text: September 14th. There aren't many people in the room, just five
text: or six. George is standing at the back, smoking a cigarette.
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 28.
text: His position and demeanor are exactly like when he was watching
text: the screening of Tears of Love, from the back of the room with
dialog: the verdict of failure in the air...
text: He's looking a little unsteady on his feet, probably due to the
text: hip flask he's necking that seems to contain liquor. The
text: objects go under the hammer one by one. We see the three
dialog: monkeys go by, notably, hear no evil, speak no evil, see no
text: evil. Two buyers especially are raising the prices by bidding
text: against each other, a distinguished and reserved-looking man,
text: and a lady of a certain age who looks a bit severe, to the
text: point of bigotry. They don't seem perfectly comfortable, but
text: they are the only two buying.
text: A few crossfades (the display table emptying, faces, hands
dialog: being raised, hammer falling, "sold" labels) show us the lots
dialog: disappearing - every single item is sold.
scene_heading: INT. AUCTION - IDOR — DAY 82
text: George is now with the auctioneer, he's studying the list of
text: items as auction assistants busy themselves around him,
text: carrying and packing the sold lots. The auctioneer, who is
text: putting on his coat, congratulates George.
dialog: Title card: Well done! It all sold, there’s nothing left!
text: George nods but his smile seems a little ironic. He leaves
dialog: the room.
text: On the stairway, as he's leaving, he is joined by the
text: distinguished-looking man who puts on his coat and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. AUCTION ROOM’S STREET — DAY 83
text: They leave at the same time. The man crosses the street, we
dialog: follow him.
text: He gets into a car. Peppy is sitting in the back. She's alone
text: and watching George walk off with his unsteady gait. She's sad.
text: The man casts a glance to ask her what he should do next.
text: Peppy, with a forced smile, motions that they can leave. As the
text: man starts up the motorcar, George is walking away. The car
text: sets off and overtakes him. Peppy does not turn round. She's
dialog: erying.
scene_heading: INT. ESTT! -_ NIGHT 84
text: George, dressed differently, is drinking in a clandestine bar
dialog: that has made the effort of putting up a few Christmas
text: decorations. George is visibly smashed.
dialog: 
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO JUNGLE ENCRUSTED LITTLE GEORGE - NIGHT 8s
text: A small version of him appears superimposed on the bar, dressed
text: as an explorer and discovering the life-size version of
text: himself. The big version watches the little version load his
text: rifle. Then the little version shoots at the big version, but i
text: the big version just smiles.
text: Little version runs off shot to get help, and he comes back
text: with a tribe of African warriors, all bearing spears. They
dialog: attack.
text: Big version tries to defend himself, staggers as he gets to his
text: feet, tries to gesture to the barman, but he is so drunk that
text: he falls straight backwards without making the slightest
text: attempt to stop his fall. The Africans leap about with joy.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: {84) George's chauffeur comes into the bar. He motions to the
text: barman who jerks his head in one direction. The chauffeur
text: follows the indication and finds George lying on the floor,
text: totally smashed. He slaps him gently around the face a few
text: times in a vain attempt to wake him, then lifts him over his
text: shoulder, pays the check and leaves.
speaker_heading: ir L = NIGHT 86
text: At George's house, his chauffeur puts him to bed and hangs his
text: suit carefully before leaving the room. He sees the dog, goes
text: over to it and strokes it. They look at each other. We can tell
text: that the chauffeur is worried about George.
speaker_heading: “ Tl ER - 87
text: Peppy Miller is "The Guardian Angel". It's a huge poster on the
text: fagade of a movie theater. George goes inside. With Jack.
scene_heading: INT. “GUARDIAN ANGEL” THEATER - DAY 88
text: The auditorium is full. George sits down in the first row. To
text: watch the film he has to lock upwards, and sees a huge and
text: magnificent Peppy rising above him. She's playing a scene with
dialog: a young actor we recognize, it's Humphrey Bogart. He's become a
text: spectator: he laughs, is absorbed and cries along with the
dialog: others.
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: Int. “ an = & LOBBY - DAY 89
text: Coming out of the theater several young people bump into him.
text: They don’t recognize him. There's a lot of people milling
text: about, so he picks Jack up. A woman exclaims an Oh! of
text: admiration as though she's recognized George. He smiles
text: modestly but soon realizes that it's just because she thinks
text: Jack is cute and has come over to stroke him like she would any
text: other dog. She is totally under Jack's charm, and says to
dialog: George.
dialog: Title card: If only he could talk!
text: George still has the smile on his lips, but it has become one
dialog: of resignation. i
text: He looks away as the woman strokes the dog.
scene_heading: EXT. MEXICAN VILLAGE - DAY 90
text: George is playing Zorro. He performs stunt after stunt and the
text: close ups show his devastating smile to its best advantage. In
dialog: fact, it's an extract from The Mark of Zorro with Douglas
dialog: Fairbanks, into which we'll insert close ups of Jean we've shot
dialog: ourselves.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE” USE ~ DAY 91
text: The Zorro sequence is being screened on a wall in George's
text: apartment. George is watching himself, slumped in an easy
text: chair. His sluggish attitude and listless air are in sharp
text: contrast with the image of himself projected by the film.
text: Then the image jumps and goes white. George gets up, still half-
text: smashed. His shadow is clearly delineated on the white screen.
text: He sees it, looks it up and down and then starts to look at it
dialog: sideways.
dialog: Title card: Look what you've become...
text: He carries on shouting at it, obviously very annoyed with it.
dialog: Title card: You were very nasty! And stupid! And arrogant!
text: He doesn't even want to look at it anymore. He looks
text: disgusted. Suddenly his shadow separates itself from him and
text: moves independently from him. As he shouts at it, it lowers
text: its head and doesn't reply.
dialog: Title card: You acted very badly! You were thoughtless!
dialog: 
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 31.
text: He carries on as though it's normal until his shadow walks
text: off with its head bowed. He watches it go, trying to
text: understand what's happening, but it's gone and he's still
text: there. He begins to holler.
text: Title card: COME BACK! COME BACK HERE RIGHT NOW!!!
text: Totally smashed he starts to violently throw film reels
text: against the wall as he hollers. The cans split open and the
text: film bursts out all over. George is becoming more and more
text: frenzied. The floor is now covered in cans and film. He
text: stops, dripping with sweat. Worriedly, he looks around for a
text: moment. Then he strikes a match, takes a second to consider
text: what he's about to do and throws the match into the middle of
dialog: the reels.
text: There's madness in his eyes as he watches the fire take hold.
text: We can see his pleasure at seeing the flames spread. But he's
text: very quickly overrun. The reels burst into flames in an
text: instant and give off lots of smoke. Jack is panicking and
text: barks incessantly. Suddenly, George seems to lose it. He
text: doesn't know what to do anymore and, although the fire is
text: spreading quite spectacularly around him, he runs to where
text: the reels and films that he has not opened are, and begins
text: throwing them frantically over his shoulder as though he's
text: looking for one in particular. The ever-increasing denseness
text: of the smoke, however, is making the task almost impossible.
text: On the floor, below the smoke, Jack flees the room and runs
text: off while George suffocates but continues to struggle with
text: the cans of reels.
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGE’ 6S B= 92
text: The dog comes out of the house and makes a dash for the
text: sidewalk as fast as he can.
text: {91) In the room, among the flames and the smoke, George -
text: now breathless - picks one of the reels and tries to turn
text: round. He collapses, still holding on to the can. .
scene_heading: EXT IN - DAY 93
text: Jack spots a cop at a junction. He takes hold of the cop's
text: trouser leg with his teeth and tries to pull him towards
text: George's house. The policeman doesn't understand, however, and
text: pushes it away with his foot. The dog persists and barks but
dialog: the cop just wants to be left in peace.
text: {91) George is suffocating on the floor. The level of smoke
text: is getting ever lower and is slowly covering his face.
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 32.
text: (93) Jack barks louder and louder. The policeman feels
text: uncomfortable. A woman is watching the scene inquisitively.
text: Not knowing what to do, the cop motions to the dog to be
text: silent and threatens it with two fingers, just like George
text: miming a pistol. Jack collapses and plays dead. The cop has
text: no idea what's happened, he crouches down and touches the dog
text: to see if it's all right. Jack wakes up and goes to leave but
text: stops immediately to show the cop he wants to take him with
text: him. The cop still doesn't understand, it's the woman who
text: tells him what he must do. The cop seems to understand, has a
text: moment of doubt, and then starts following the dog. Jack
text: encourages him to go faster, but the cop resists to begin
text: with. Little by little though, as though realizing the
text: seriousness of the situation, he speeds up. More and more,
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGE'S HOUSE - DAY 94
text: until he finally arrives flat out at George's home. The cop
text: sees the smoke coming out of the house. He runs into the smoke.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE’ - DAY 95
text: A completely unconscious George, overcome by the fumes, ie
text: dragged out of the fire by the policeman.
dialog: EXT. 2 = 96
text: They come out the house. George is still clutching the reel. A
text: crowd has formed, people recognize him. One woman feels sorry
text: for him, a man runs for help. George is unconscious.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - PEPP = = 97
text: We see Peppy on a shoot, sitting in a chair with her name on
text: it, smoking a cigarette. Everyone about her is busy preparing a
text: shot. Suddenly an assistant brings her a telephone. She takes
text: the receiver with a smile and listens. Her expression tightens
text: a little. She hangs up, pensive for a moment. On set,the
text: director gestures to his assistant that the shot is ready and
text: they are good to go. The assistant goes towards Peppy to let
text: her know but, as he gets to where she should be, her seat is
text: empty. He looks everywhere for her, but she has disappeared.
scene_heading: INT. PEPPY’S CAR (DRIVING) - DAY 98
text: In her car, and still in costume, she urges her chauffeur to go
dialog: quick as he can.
dialog: 
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT, HOSPITAL COURTYARD - DAY 99
text: The car pulls into the hospital courtyard.
scene_heading: : TAL - LOBBY = 100 1
text: Peppy bursts into the lobby, talks to a woman at the desk who
text: directs her with a raised hand that Peppy immediately follows.
text: She bounds up the stairs four at a time and comes into a
dialog: corridor,
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR AND GEORGE'S ROOM - DAY 101
text: and then to a door through the window of which she sees
text: George lying down. His dog is at the foot of the bed, asleep.
text: George is on a drip, unconscious and covered in bandages. A
text: doctor is in the room with a nurse.
text: Peppy enters. She's anxious but the doctor seems reassuring.
dialog: Title card: He’s not in any danger now. He just needs to
dialog: rest.
text: Peppy goes up to George. She notices that his burnt hands
text: seem to still be clutching something. She's intrigued. In
text: response, the doctor shows her the reel of film that sits in
text: a corner of the room.
dialog: Title card: He was holding that. It was real hard to pry it
dialog: away from him,
text: Peppy picks up the can. The label is too damaged to be able
text: to read the title of the film. She opens it and unrolls some
text: of the film in front of the window. We see random photograms
dialog: run by. It's the only sequence they ever shot together, years
text: before. Peppy is moved. Without turning round, she asks the
dialog: doctor:
dialog: Title card: Do you think he could come rest up at my place?
text: The doctor nods with a kindly glint in his eye.
dialog: Title card: It’s probably the very best he could have hoped
dialog: for.
scene_heading: EXT. PEPPY’S HOU! - DAY 102
text: An ambulance takes George, still unconscious, to Peppy'’s
text: house. Jack is with him.
dialog: 
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 34.
dialog: It's a large, beautiful house, very expensive and very
dialog: Hollywood. But it's also very inviting.
scene_heading: +P : EB _- GEORGE'S BEDROOM & CORRIDOR - NIGHT 103
text: It's night time. George is in bed. He opens one eye. Then he
text: wakes up and looks around, not understanding where he is.
text: Jack wakes up and barks, wags his tail. A nurse who had been
text: dozing in an armchair facing the bed awakes with a start, then
text: goes over to George. She reassures him, motions to him not to
text: get upset, then slowly leaves the room before running off down
text: the corridor. She knocks at a door then goes back to George's
text: room. Peppy is close on her heels. She comes into the room in
text: her nightgown. When he sees her, George smiles and she rushes
text: over to the bed and puts her arms tight around him. She is
text: terribly moved but, when she releases him from her arms to talk
text: to him, she realizes that he has lost consciousness again and
dialog: so was not sharing the same special moment as she. She pulla a
text: face, afraid she might have done something wrong, glances over
text: at the nurse, then lays George's head back on his pillow.
scene_heading: INT. PEPPY'S HOUSE - GEORGE’S BEDROOM - DAY 104
text: fhe next morning, Peppy brings breakfast into George's room
text: and they eat it together. She laughs, talks, eats, drinks and
dialog: is as vivacious as he had dreamed she would be all those years
text: before. He looks at her with a smile on his face. Then she
text: looks at her watch and realizes she needs to hurry.
dialog: Title card: I’ve got to go. I have to be on set for nine
dialog: o'clock.
text: George smiles kindly at her. She returns the smile but we can
text: tell that maybe reality has just reminded them that she is
text: working, and he is not. They exchange a last glance before
text: she leaves the room.
text: George, now alone, gets up with some difficulty. He picks up
text: a pile of folded clothes from an armchair. It's his jacket
text: and pants, both half burned. On the floor, his shoes are in
text: exactly the same state of disrepair.
scene_heading: IN?. PEPPY’S HOUSE ~ DAY 105
text: A little later, and alone, he's exploring the house. It's
text: richly and tastefully decorated, highly personal. He goes
text: along a corridor and down a wide stairway. Jack begins sniffing
text: outside of one door, as though he wants to go inside.
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: INT. PEPPY’'S HOUSE - STOREROOM ~ DAY 106
text: George opens the door and goes into the room, it's a kind of
text: storeroom in which everything is covered up with sheets. He
text: closes the door behind him. The room has a ghostly quality to
text: it. Jack sniffs about everywhere. George too seems troubled by
text: the strange pervading atmosphere. His curiosity is spurred by
text: a convoluted object that is covered in a thin cloth. A ray of
text: light surges into the room. The door has opened and, standing
text: against the daylight, is a maid.
dialog: fitle card: You should go back to your room, Sir.
text: George nods with a smile. The maid leaves pretty swiftly, we
text: haven't seen her face, the whole moment seems rather strange.
text: George is intrigued but leaves the room. He has to call Jack
text: to him. Jack ig reluctant to go but finally obeys his master.
scene_heading: I JOGRAPH STUDIOS - PEPPY SET - ~ DAY 107
text: A screenplay lies on a table. Peppy and Zimmer are seated
text: either side of the table and are talking animatedly. We're on
text: the set we saw the previous day, and Peppy seems to be trying
text: to convince Zimmer of something. She seems to be describing a
text: film poster or the fagade of a movie theater she'd love to see.
text: He doesn't seem too enthusiastic from the looks of the negative
text: shakes of his head and his apologetic air as he listens to
text: Peppy. She finally stops talking and gives him a determined
text: look. Zimmer, uncomfortable and sorry, calmly replies.
dialog: Title card: George is a silent movie actor. He belongs to the
dialog: past. Today he’s a nobody.
text: As Zimmer's speaking, she removes her accessories and hat.
text: Zimmer is so intrigued he stops talking.
dialog: fitle card: What are you doing?
text: She looks him straight in the eyes, and answers:
dialog: Title card: I’m stopping work. It’s him or me.
text: She looks determined. He's looking unsure of himself. He
text: visibly isn't sure he's understood properly. She drives her
dialog: point home.
dialog: Title card: What I mean is it’s either him AND me! Or neither
dialog: of us!
text: Zimmer still isn't sure he's understood. He just looks at
dialog: her.
dialog: Title card: I’m blackmailing you, get it?!
dialog: 
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 36.
text: Even when she's blackmailing, she's still pretty, and Zimmer
text: looks at her totally at a loss but at the same time it's
text: obvious that he's going to back down. The people around them
text: are listening in on their conversation and seem to be waiting
dialog: for his decision. There's an element of déja-vu to the
dialog: situation, and Zimmer, who already backed down a few years
dialog: before, gives in.
dialog: Title card: And why not...
text: She smiles at him, picks up the screenplay with delight, and
text: leaves. As he moves away she whistles at him. He turns round
text: and she vigorously blows him a kiss.
scene_heading: INT. PEPPY’S DR: ~ DAY 108
text: The screenplay lies on the front seat of a car. The camera
text: pulls back, it's Clifton who is in the driving seat.
scene_heading: Int. ‘8 HOUSE - GEO! f IEDRt ~ DAY 109
text: George is lying in bed when his former chauffeur comes in. At
text: first, he's delighted to see him, but this turns into
text: astonishment and he seems to ask the man a question. The
dialog: chauffeur answers:
dialog: Title card: I work for Miss Miller now.
text: George visibly doesn't know what to think and, although he
text: remains pleasant, becomes somewhat reserved. It's as though
text: something has come between them. The chauffeur places the
text: screenplay on the bedside table. George seems to greet it
text: with mistrust, certainly not with enthusiasm.
text: The chauffeur also has a box of cakes with him that he puts
dialog: on a plate for George. George doesn't want any, it's all too
dialog: much...
text: Before he leaves, the chauffeur overcomes his habitual
dialog: reserve for the first time and says to George:
dialog: Title card: She’s been good to you. She’s always looked out
dialog: for you.
text: The chauffeur leaves without trying to convince George
text: further, as the other looks on full of pride and doubt.
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: EXT. PEPPY'S HOUSE ~ DAY 110
text: From the window, we see the chauffeur get into the car and
text: drive off. We recognize the car as being the one that belonged
dialog: to George.
text: (109) At the window, George watches him leave. Then he seems
dialog: to have an idea or, more exactly, an intuition.
scene_heading: INT. PEPPY’S HOUSE - STOREROOM - DAY 111
text: George goes into the room that's full of sheets. He goes
text: straight over to the object with the bizarre shape and lifts up
text: the sheet. Underneath he finds his former objet d'art, the
dialog: three monkeys "hear no evil", "speak no evil" and "see no
text: evil". He thinks for a moment, then pulls of another sheet to
text: reveal a piece of furniture. Once again it's a piece that used
dialog: to belong to him and we recognize it from having seen it at the
dialog: auction room.
text: After taking off several other sheets, George realizes that
dialog: she bought everything he had put up for sale: furniture,
text: paintings, objets d'art, souvenirs, etc. He rips off sheets
text: one after the other and the objects appear, even down to his
text: suits and tuxedos. He continues and discovers the painting
text: depicting him in a tux, waving and smiling. George looks
text: stunned at the sight of himself looking so full of life. He's
text: interrupted by the same ray of light which surges into the room
text: once more. This time, at the door, are the butler and the maid.
text: George walks towards them when he sees them. The closer he gets
text: to them, however, the more his expression tightens. We realize
text: that the butler is none other than the distinguished-looking
dialog: man who purchased everything at the auction, and that the maid
dialog: is the woman who was bidding against him to raise the sale
text: prices. George is looking at them as he leaves the room. He has
text: recognized them, but doesn't say anything to them. He walks
text: off, still shocked by what he's just realized.
scene_heading: PPY'S HOUSE - GEORGE’ = 112
text: He finishes putting on his burnt suit in his room, and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. PEPPY’S HOUSE - DAY 113
text: He goes down the stairs and flees the house.
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: EXT. BEGGAR STREET - DAY 114
text: George is in the street wearing his burnt suit and damaged
text: shoes. He is shirtless. With Jack by his side, he walks along
text: the sidewalk. There are a few other people walking along. About |
text: twenty yards ahead of him a man is begging. He holds out his
text: hand to passers-by. George approaches and, when there are no
text: other passers-by between him and George, the beggar glances at
text: him and lowers his hand. He doesn't raige it as George
text: approaches. George stops in front of him and looks at him, but
text: the beggar motions to him to scram. George continues on his
text: way. For that moment at least, he has become one of them.
text: He buttons up the collar of his suit in an attempt to hide the
text: fact that he doesn't have a shirt then, heads off and loses
text: himself in the crowd. Some distance later, he stops to check
text: his reflection in a shop window. The image he sees is that of a
text: bum. It's even more striking because the in the window there is
text: a young male mannequin wearing a tux, top hat and white scarf.
text: The image of the mannequin and that of George are superimposed.
text: A cop comes up to George and begins talking to him ina
dialog: friendly manner. He speaks but we don't know what about. There
text: is not Title card. George visibly has no idea what the cop is
text: talking about. The cop seems to be talking about nothing
dialog: important, just chatting... He talks and talks... George
text: doesn't understand what he's saying, and doesn't understand
text: why he's talking to him. He's lost.
dialog: Title card: What did you say?
text: The cop smiles, carries on talking, then stops. He thinks
text: he's talking to a madman. He doesn't persist, merely sizes
text: George up and, once he's decided that he's harmless, the cop
text: walks off. George, totally bewildered by the incident, seems
text: to lose his grip on himself a little more.
scene_heading: INT. PEPPY’S HOUSE - DAY 115
text: Peppy gets home in the evening, arms laden with flowers. She's
dialog: happy-
text: She quickly goes up the stairs and into George's bedroom. He's
text: not there. She looks for him but can't find him. The maid says
text: that he has left. She drops the flowers.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE’S BURNT HOUSE - DAY 116
text: George goes into his house that has been disfigured by the
text: fire. The flames have changed everything and the atmosphere,
text: here again, seems ghostly and sad.
dialog: 117
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
dialog: 39.
text: George sits down in an armchair in the darkness. Jack sits down
text: facing him. He wags his tail and it thumps on the ground.
scene_heading: INT. PEPPY’S HOUSE - RE! ~ DAY 117
text: In the room with all the sheets, Peppy ie with the maid. The
text: maid seems to be telling her what happened with George, how he
text: removed all the sheets, etc. Peppy listens with an inscrutable
text: expression on her face. Then, suddenly overcome by a terrible
text: thought, she rushes outside.
scene_heading: EXT. PEPPY’S HOUSE - DAY 118
text: She runs out of the house and over to the car, but the
text: chauffeur isn't there. She honks the horn to call him but
text: there's no response. She honks the horn again, then, not
text: wanting to wait any longer, and seeing the keys on the
text: dashboard, she gets behind the wheel, starts the engine and
text: pulls off in a series of kangaroo hops. It's obvious that she
dialog: doesn't know how to drive all that well, but still goes at full
text: speed - more or less successfully. Just as she passes through
text: the gate, the chauffeur turns up. Too late. He sees her drive
dialog: away.
scene_heading: EXT. PI ‘8 DRIVING) - ¥ 119
text: Peppy is driving as fast as she can through town, but she's
text: pretty reckless and almost causes an accident.
scene_heading: INT. E'S BURNT HOUSE - iY 120
text: Outside George's house, the wind is slamming one of the
text: shutters with the regularity of a metronome. George takes a
text: gulp of liquor, then puts down the glass, opens a cardboard box
text: and takes out a pistol that he places on the table in front of
text: him. He picks up the glass for another gulp. Jack doesn't like
text: what he sees. He barks.
text: (119) As for Peppy, she’s speeding along, totally ignoring
dialog: even the most basic of road safety requirements. ~
text: (120) George puts down his glass and picks up the pistol.
text: Jack isn't happy at all. He barks and bites George's trouser
text: leg, pulling on it.
text: (119) Peppy speeding along.
text: (120) George puts the pistol into his mouth. Jack is barking
text: like mad. George, still in the same position, closes his
dialog: eyes.
dialog: 
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 40.
dialog: title card: “BANG!”
text: George is in the same position. He still has the pistol in
text: his mouth. Visibly, he's heard a BANG from outside, because
text: he takes the pistol out of his mouth and looks out the
dialog: window.
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGE’S BURNT HOUSE - DAY 121
text: Outside, we see Peppy's car has rammed into the gate and is
text: still shuddering. Peppy didn't brake in time, but she doesn't
text: care. She jumps out the car and runs into the house.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE’ ~ DAY 122
text: She rushes into the living room and stops for a moment to look
text: at George. George awkwardly tries to hide the pistol behind
text: him. She bursts into teara.
dialog: Title card: I feel so awful. I only wanted to help you. To
dialog: take care of you...
dialog: He seems to reply that no, it's not her fault, she's got
text: nothing to feel bad about. He opens his arms towards her,
text: still holding the pistol and the gun fires itself.
text: Fortunately no one is hurt, but the incident makes Peppy
text: laugh and, between sobs and gasps of laughter she throws
text: herself into George’s arms. They hug for a long time. Peppy
text: says into his ear,
dialog: Title card: You’ve got so much that no one else has...
text: And into her ear, George replies:
dialog: Title card: No, I’m nothing but a shadow. No good for
dialog: anything but silence.
text: Peppy doesn't reply. She just holds him tighter still and
text: closes her eyes. Jack is sitting close by, watching them and
text: wagging his tail.
text: Outside, the shutter is still slamming and the car is still
text: shuddering. Peppy opens her eyes. Visibly, she's had an idea.
text: Jack wags his tail and thumps it on the ground. The shutter
text: slams. The car shudders. Peppy smiles at George.
dialog: Title card: I know what you have that no one else does.
text: Peppy moves away from George and motions to him to listen.
text: The shutter slams. Jacks tail thumps. The car shudders... Peppy
text: does a few tap steps. George doesn't understand.
dialog: 
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 4l.
text: Peppy starts again, with a beaming smile, waiting for his
text: response. George does a few tap steps himself, basic ones,
text: without any great enthusiasm. She smiles at him and does a
text: few more complex steps that are a lot livelier. He smiles
text: back finally understanding the golden gift that he has in his
text: feet. He looks at Peppy lovingly with a beaming smile on his
dialog: face.
scene_heading: Kk: iH STUDIO} 1931) - . FFICE — DAY 123
text: Music suddenly begins to play and we see feet dancing in
dialog: another decor. Except that from now on we actually hear the
text: sound of the tap steps. We pull back to find Peppy and George
text: in Zimmer's office. They're dancing for him. Little by little,
text: Zimmer is convinced by them, and, when they finish their
text: demonstration, he has a broad smile on his face.
scene_heading: INT. 5 = & GEORGE - DAY 124
text: We find Peppy and George on a film set, still dancing. The
text: piece of jazz they are dancing to has gone so crazy that now
text: everyone wants to get up and dance! They are dancing a tap
text: number facing the camera, in a décor representing a stylized
text: New York. The choreography is incredible, in the grand style
text: of the old Hollywood musicals and they finish with a knee
text: slide that brings them right up to us with big smiles on
text: their faces. The music stops on a powerful blast from the
text: brass instruments that leaves everyone bursting with energy.
text: In the ensuing silence, Peppy and George stay exactly where
text: they were, facing the camera, with the smile stuck on their
text: faces. It goes on for a little too long, they are out of
dialog: breath.
text: Then they look at someone off-shot. They are facing a film
text: crew (from their era of course). The director smiles. Zimmer,
text: sitting next to him, seems ecstatic. The director speaks and
dialog: we hear what he says.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: cut! Excellent!
text: Zimmer has both his thumbs up. The director says to Peppy and
dialog: George.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Once more? Please?
text: George laughs and replies, and we hear him too.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: With pleasure!
dialog: 
dialog: 42.
dialog: The End
text: The credits run while Peppy and George go back to their
text: positions. The camera (ours) pulls back and into frame come
text: all the technicians who are setting up the shot, the hair,
text: make-up and costume people for continuity, the camera coming
text: into position, the director coming over to say a few words to
text: the star couple, in short: the shot being prepared for
text: another take. And, when everyone is in position, the director
text: speaks into his megaphone and we hear "OK, Camera! Sound!
dialog: Rolling... and... Action!"
text: Fade to black and the music picks up again for the end of the
dialog: credit sequence.
dialog: 
dialog: 
