speaker_heading: THE IRISHMAN
dialog: Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Steven Zaillian
scene_heading: FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT
scene_heading: SOMEONE'S POV - MAYBE OURS
text: Moving along a hallway of an ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY,
text: past doors - some open, some closed - as if looking for
dialog: somebody - and maybe not for benign reasons.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: When I was young, I thought house
dialog: painters painted houses.
text: We glimpse some of the elderly men and women in the
text: rooms, but like everyone else in their lives, disregard
text: them and keep looking for someone else.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: What did I know?
text: We turn a corner into another hallway, keep looking -
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: I was a working guy.
text: We drift into a rec room where more elderly men and women
dialog: watch TV, play cards, stare off at nothing -
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: A business agent for Teamster
dialog: Local One-O-Seven out of South
dialog: Philadelphia...
text: We approach a particular man sitting apart from the
text: others in a wheelchair. He’s about 80, better dressed
text: than everyone else here, white dress shirt, cuffs
text: monogrammed FJS, dark slacks, aviator sunglasses.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: One of a thousand working
dialog: stiffs...
dialog: This is who we've been looking for - Frank Sheeran -
dialog: perhaps to kill him. But he pays no attention to us,
text: even as we come in close enough to see his gold watch
text: encircled with diamonds, and the distinctive ring made
text: from a gold coin on a finger.
scene_heading: INT. EMPTY HOUSE - A BLANK WALL - DAY
text: We see a young man’s hand with the same gold and diamond
text: encrusted watch and diamond pinky ring raise a gun at an
text: unseen target.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: «+. until I wasn’t anymore...
text: TWO QUICK GUNSHOTS to the back of an UNKNOWN MAN’S head.
text: The blank wall explodes in red, as though a bucket of
text: blood had been thrown against it. The blood begins to
text: slowly ooze down the wall covering it with red streaks.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: .-. And started painting houses
dialog: myself.
scene_heading: INT. ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY - DAY - 2000
text: BACK in the ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY, Frank gives us a
dialog: moment to grasp what he’s said. Then:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: In this particular matter, the
dialog: whole thing was built around the
dialog: wedding.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S HOUSE - MORNING - 1975
text: A wedding invitation sits on a bureau next to Frank’s
dialog: gold watch.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: Bill Bufalino’s daughter was
dialog: getting married in Detroit.
text: Frank puts the watch on his wrist. The gold ring is on
text: his finger next to his wedding band. He’s quite a bit
dialog: younger than when we saw him at the assisted living
text: facility. About 55.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: Bill was a Teamster lawyer, but
dialog: more important, he was Russell
dialog: Bufalino’s cousin.
text: He zips a suit and shirt into a garment bag like a body
text: in a body bag.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK'S HOUSE - MORNING - 1975
text: Frank arranges luggage in the trunk of his black Lincoln
text: Continental, leaving a space for more.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Russell didn’t want to fly. He
dialog: wanted to take care of some
text: business along the way.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O (CONT'D)
dialog: Business in Russell's case means
dialog: one thing: collecting money. So
dialog: we'd drive. Him and his wife
dialog: Carrie and me and Irene.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S HOUSE - MORNING - 1975
text: While his wife Irene talks on the kitchen phone to
dialog: Russell’s wife Carrie about what to wear, Frank marks
text: towns on a AAA map of the eastern states that he knows
dialog: Russell will want to stop.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: We'd take 476 out of Philly up to
dialog: Pittston - then I-80 West through
dialog: the rest of Pennsylvania - across
dialog: Ohio to Toledo - then 75 North to
dialog: Detroit.
scene_heading: EXT. BUFALINO’S HOUSE - PITTSTON, PA - DAY - 1975
text: Irene and Carrie smoke cigarettes on the sidewalk
text: outside a modest suburban house while Frank and Russell
text: Bufalino add his and his wife’s luggage to the trunk.
text: Russell’s about 15 years older than Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: It was gonna take three days with
dialog: all the business breaks and
dialog: cigarette stops since Russell
dialog: didn’t allow smoking in the car.
dialog: He says Jimmy Blue Eyes and Meyer
dialog: Lansky convinced him to stop when
dialog: they were getting kicked out of
dialog: their casinos in Cuba and getting
dialog: shot at by Castro. I don’t know.
dialog: It might have been one of those:
dialog: “Please-God-if-I-ever-get-out-of-
dialog: this-alive-I'1l-never-smoke-again-
dialog: things”, but I do know that from
dialog: Castro on Russ wouldn’t let
dialog: anybody smoke in the car, even
dialog: Carrie.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S LINCOLN - WILKES-BARRE - DAY - 1975
text: Frank drives along a city street with Russell in front,
text: the women in back, Carrie putting on some lipstick.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Can we stop soon?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: We’re not even to the highway.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You won't stop on the highway.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: It’s not safe to stop on the
dialog: highway.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Then we'll smoke in the car.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: The smoke’s bad for my cataracts.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
text: I’1l crack the window.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Carrie - I made a vow.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: And I can’t smoke in the car?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
text: Or on the highway.
text: Carrie isn’t having it; snaps open her little gold lamé
text: cigarette clutch. She cracks the window. Russell glances
text: over at Frank through his thick glasses and sighs.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY I-80 - DAY - 1975
text: While Irene and Carrie sit on a guard rail smoking,
text: Russell leans on the hood looking off at cars and trucks
text: driving past. Frank comes over.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You see where we are?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: What are the odds?
text: They regard the unremarkable surroundings like they
dialog: weren’t so unremarkable, including a Stuckey’s/Texaco gas
text: station up the road. A tractor-trailer roars past and -
scene_heading: INT/EXT. HIGHWAY I-80 - DAY - 1956
text: Frank, in his 30s, behind the wheel of a refrigerated
dialog: truck.
text: He’s driving on the same highway he’1ll drive to Detroit
text: on twenty-some years later with Russell and their wives,
text: when the engine starts making noises it shouldn’t. Up
text: ahead through the windshield is the same Stuckey’s-Texaco
dialog: station -
scene_heading: EXT. STUCKEY’S/TEXACO GAS STATION - I-80 - DAY - 1956
text: Frank has the truck’s hood open and is listening to the
text: misfiring engine. He has a cloth tool kit, with various
text: sized wrenches, open on the truck’s fender. Russell - who
text: he doesn’t know yet - appears out of nowhere wearing no
dialog: glasses.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: What’s the matter, kid?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don’t know. Sounds funny.
text: Frank runs the engine manually from under the hood as
text: Russell listens.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: (finally)
dialog: It’s your timing chain.
text: He selects a wrench from Frank’s tools and makes an
dialog: adjustment.
text: In a few moments the engine is sounding normal again.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: This fix won’t last forever.
text: Russell wipes his hands on a rag and heads off.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Jeezus! Thanks. What do I owe you?
text: Russell waves back, ‘nothing,’ and Frank watches him walk
text: into the gas station.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: I thought maybe he owned the gas
dialog: station. He owned something, you
dialog: could tell.
scene_heading: INT. ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY - DAY - 2000
text: Frank where we left him, in the wheelchair in the rec
text: room with his aviator glasses.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It turns out he owned the whole
dialog: road.
scene_heading: INT. MOTHER OF SORROWS CHURCH - DAY - 1950
text: A priest performs a baptism. Frank and his first wife
dialog: Mary’s second daughter, Peggy.
text: There are so few people in attendance, it seems like a
dialog: private ceremony. But it’s just they don’t have a lot of
dialog: friends or relatives.
scene_heading: INT. LIVE CHICKEN MARKET - DAY - FLASHBACK - 1946
text: “SKINNY RAZOR” swiftly runs his razor across a squawking
text: chicken’s neck that gushes blood. Skinny then dumps the
text: fluttering chicken head-first into a metal funnel to let
text: it bleed out while grabbing his next victim.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Skinny Razor got the name because
dialog: he started out as a kid killing
text: live chickens at his father’s
dialog: butcher shop.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH PHILLY - NIGHT - 1956
dialog: A place called The Friendly Lounge according to its sign
text: which has “STEAKS AND CHOPS” in neon.
scene_heading: INT. THE FRIENDLY LOUNGE - NIGHT - 1956
text: Frank hangs out with some other truck drivers, all
text: Italians except him. Across the room at another table
text: sits a group of mid-level mob guys, eating dinner.
dialog: Indicating one of them -
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: That's Skinny Razor. He owns
text: the place. He shylocks and runs a
dialog: little book out of the joint. You
dialog: should meet him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Did you say razor?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: He used to work at a butcher shop.
scene_heading: INT. THE FRIENDLY LOUNGE - LATER - 1956
text: Frank's POV of Johnny talking to Skinny and gesturing for
text: Frank to come over.
scene_heading: INT. THE FRIENDLY LOUNGE - CONTINUED - 1956
text: Frank and Johnny standing at Skinny’s table.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Skinny, this is Frank.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: You got something for me?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You like steak?
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: I own the joint don’t I?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I deliver steak.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: That’s what I hear.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I could deliver you steak.
text: Johnny gives Skinny a nod that says “yes”.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Have a drink.
text: As the bartender serves drinks, Skinny toasts the group.
scene_heading: EXT. MEAT COMPANY - DAY - 1956
text: It's summer. As loading dock workers in short sleeves
text: carry hindquarters and hang them in Frank’s refrigerated
text: truck, he signs for the load - 25 beef carcasses.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: It’s harder to steal in the
dialog: summer when the weather’s nice.
text: He shuts the truck’s rear doors. The yard manager slaps
text: an aluminum seal on the lock.
scene_heading: EXT. FOOD FAIR MARKET - DAY - 1956
text: Frank backs up to the store’s loading dock and climbs
text: out as the store’s manager approaches with a clipboard
text: and breaks the aluminum seal. Workers begin unloading
text: the hindquarters, the store manager noting the number.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Winter’s a different story.
scene_heading: EXT. MEAT COMPANY - DAY - DEC. 1956
text: The same loading dock as before, but now it’s winter.
text: Snow on the ground.
scene_heading: INT. MEAT COMPANY - DAY - DEC. 1956
text: A heater glows in the yard manager’s dock office. Frank
text: signs for 25 hindquarters.
speaker_heading: YARD MANAGER
text: It's freezing out there.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don’t mind it.
speaker_heading: YARD MANAGER
dialog: Not me. I hate it. Will you do me
dialog: a favor and put on the seal?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sure. I’ve gotta be out there
dialog: anyway.
text: The Yard Manager hands Frank the aluminum seal, and turns
text: away to warm his hands over a small floor heater.
speaker_heading: YARD MANAGER
dialog: I owe you one.
scene_heading: EXT. MEAT COMPANY - CONTINUOUS - DEC. 1956
text: Frank emerges from the office, crosses the freezing cold
text: dock, shuts the doors of the loaded truck but pockets the
text: seal instead of putting it on the lock.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRIENDLY LOUNGE - LATER - DAY - DEC. 1956
text: Skinny watches guys carry five hindquarters into the back
text: of the Friendly Lounge as he pays Frank cash.
text: After the delivery is done and Skinny goes inside, Frank
text: puts the seal on the truck door’s lock.
scene_heading: EXT. FOOD FAIR MARKET - LATER - DAY - DEC. 1956
text: The store MANAGER rubs his gloves together to restore
text: some circulation and breaks the seal on the lock.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to some dock guys)
dialog: I’1l give you a hand.
scene_heading: INT. FOOD FAIR MARKET - DAY - DEC. 1956
text: Frank helps the dock workers carry the 20 (not 25)
text: hindquarters to the store’s walk-in refrigerator. They
text: hang them on one side and leave, but Frank stays behind
text: and re-hangs five hindquarters that were already there
text: on the other side to those he just delivered.
scene_heading: EXT. FOOD FAIR MARKET - DAY - DEC. 1956
text: Back on the dock, the store manager signs for the
text: shipment - 25 side of beef - and Frank hops back into
dialog: his truck.
scene_heading: INT. THE FRIENDLY LOUNGE - NIGHT - DEC. 1956
text: Frank and Johnny and drivers at the bar with Christmas
text: decorations. Skinny and mob friends eating Frank’s
text: stolen steak. Skinny waves Frank over to the table.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Delicious.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's all Prime meat. I don’t go
text: near “Choice”.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Then keep’em coming, Frank.
scene_heading: EXT. FOOD FAIR MARKET - DAY - FEB. 1957
text: Another winter’s day. The store manager comes out to
text: Frank’s truck and breaks the seal on the doors.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: First I was stealing five
text: hindquarters at a time. Then ten.
dialog: Twelve. Things were missing
dialog: everywhere I went. I was doing
dialog: real good, but then -
text: The doors open revealing no hindquarters inside. Frank
text: looks mystified.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What the fuck?
speaker_heading: STORE MANAGER
dialog: What the fuck is this?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don’t know, it’s not my job to
dialog: load. Maybe the loaders didn’t do
dialog: their job.
text: Everyone on the dock looks at Frank.
speaker_heading: STORE MANAGER
dialog: You didn’t notice you were driving
dialog: a light horse?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, I thought I had a good horse.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCAL 107 - PHILADELPHIA - DAY - 1957
text: The familiar two-horses-and-a-wheel International
text: Brotherhood of Teamsters logo on the door of the Local.
speaker_heading: BILL (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Under the contract, thanks to
dialog: Jimmy Hoffa, management can only
dialog: fire a driver on specific charges.
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL 107 - DAY - 1957
text: Frank sits with Teamster lawyer Bill Bufalino, whose
text: daughter's wedding Frank and Russell will drive across
dialog: three states to attend 25 years later.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Ever show up late?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Any moving violations?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You drink on the job?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Ever hit anybody?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: On the job?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
text: The lawyer nods to himself - all this seems to be
text: satisfactory to him - and he seems to have exhausted the
dialog: list of fireable offenses.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Stealing isn’t grounds?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Can they prove it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Then no.
text: They regard each other.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: If they could prove it, all
dialog: they’re going to want from you is
dialog: names. Accomplices. You could
dialog: keep your job and walk away.
dialog: Would you give them names to keep
dialog: your job?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
text: Bill nods. That’s the right answer. Then -
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You know I don’t care if you did
dialog: it or not.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It makes no difference to me. I’m
dialog: here to defend you. Right?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: But did you?
text: Frank isn’t sure if he’s supposed to admit it or not to
dialog: his lawyer. Eventually -
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I work hard for that company when
dialog: I’m not stealing from them.
text: Bill smiles. He likes Frank. He won’t be the last to
dialog: appreciate his honest dishonesty.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY - 1957
text: At the plaintiff's table - the Food Fair lawyers. At
text: the defense table - Frank and his lawyer, Bill Bufalino,
dialog: who addresses the judge -
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Your Honor, if this were about
dialog: right and wrong, the company would
dialog: have sought Mr. Sheeran’s
dialog: dismissal. They didn’t. They
dialog: only brought charges against Mr.
dialog: Sheeran because the company hoped
dialog: that he would name the
dialog: conspirators he couldn’t give them
dialog: because they don’t exist. They
dialog: don’t exist because he never stole
dialog: anything. He never stole anything
dialog: because he’s an exemplary employee
dialog: who in eight years has never taken
dialog: a day of sick leave.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: The only rule he ever broke was
dialog: his own union’s, by helping others
dialog: carry sides of beef from his truck
text: to their refrigerators in the dead
dialog: of winter.
text: With that and all else he’s heard, the judge renders
dialog: judgement -
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I’m dismissing this case with a
dialog: warning -
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes, your Honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Not you, Mr. Sheeran. The
dialog: plaintiff. You bring another
dialog: workingman before this court with
dialog: threats instead of evidence,
dialog: believe me, you’ll be sorry.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: If I owned stock in this company,
dialog: I'd sell it.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA DI ROMA - NIGHT - 1957
text: ANGELO BRUNO, humble-looking and simply dressed is seated
text: at a table with Skinny Razor when Frank and Bill Bufalino
text: walk in. Skinny whispers something to Bruno.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: I don’t know how he did it, and
dialog: I’m not gonna ask.
text: Angelo Bruno watches Frank walk from the entrance to the
text: hat checking area with Bill Bufalino.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: All I know is that Bill Bufalino
dialog: got me out of a case where I
dialog: should’a gone down for the count.
text: Angelo Bruno continues to watch as a WAITRESS helps Frank
text: and Bill with their coats.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Instead, we went out celebrating
dialog: and I met what was gonna turn out
dialog: to be the rest of my life.
dialog: 14
text: Bill Bufalino is surprised to see his cousin, RUSSELL
text: BUFALINO, at the restaurant and headed for a table. Bill
text: Bufalino acknowledges his cousin with a kiss.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Frank, this is my cousin, Russell
dialog: Bufalino.
text: Frank recognizes Russell Bufalino as the man who helped
text: him with his truck.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Russell)
dialog: Hey, didn’t you help me out with
dialog: my truck a couple of months ago?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Yeah. It was nothing. It was that
dialog: timing chain. They’re tricky. Did
dialog: you get it fixed?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah. The next day. Thanks again.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Watch yourself with these tough
dialog: guys around here. Alright, maybe I
dialog: see you around. (You did the right
dialog: thing.)
text: A smiling Russell shakes hands with Frank and walks alone
text: toward his own table as Bill and Frank are led to theirs.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: Your cousin saved my ass. I could
dialog: have lost the whole load.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yeah. He knows everything about
dialog: trucks. He worked for Canada Dry.
text: Frank looks over to where Russell is being seated.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA DI ROMA - ANGELO BRUNO TABLE - CONTINUOUS
text: Frank sees Russell Bufalino being seated at Angelo
text: Bruno's table. Skinny Razor is gone. Bruno rises as
text: Russell kisses Bruno’s cheek. Frank sees there are empty
text: tables on either side of the Bruno table despite the
text: restaurant being full with diners waiting.
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: I might not have known who Russell
dialog: Bufalino was back then, but I had
dialog: seen enough pictures and stories
dialog: in the newspapers to know he was
text: eating with Angelo Bruno, the new
dialog: boss of Philadelphia, who ran
dialog: everything from Philadelphia to
dialog: Atlantic City. That was all I had
dialog: to know that Russell Bufalino was
dialog: no truck mechanic from Canada Dry.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA DI ROMA - NIGHT
text: Dinner’s over. Russell has joined Bill, Frank and Skinny
text: Razor for coffee and anisette at Bill Bufalino’s table.
text: Bill and Skinny Razor are talking about Skinny ducking a
dialog: subpoena.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (Italian, subtitled)
dialog: It’s very good bread. Thank you.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: (Italian, subtitled)
dialog: Where’d a Paddy learn to speak
dialog: Italian?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (Italian, subtitled)
dialog: In Sicily. The war.
text: Russell is pleased and impressed with Frank's Italian,
text: but even more so that he was in the war. They continue in
dialog: Italian (wherever italicized) -
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Catania.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I’m from Catania. How long?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Four years. 411 combat days.
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: 122 at Anzio.
dialog: (back to English)
dialog: 45th Infantry.
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: It was bad there.
text: Frank nods, but doesn’t elaborate.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Did you think you’d die?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You think about it... you’re
dialog: scared... but once the action
text: starts, the fear goes away because
dialog: you’re too busy fighting... I made
dialog: it through the war so now, I look
dialog: around... I think... what happens,
dialog: happens.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Fuck it.
text: Russell nods, leaves it at that.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You got orders, you'd follow them.
dialog: They tell you take some prisoners
dialog: out to the woods - they don’t say
dialog: “what to do” - they’d just say...
dialog: like... “Hurry back”.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: That’s war.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN FOREST - DAY - FLASHBACK
text: Frank holds a rifle on GERMAN SOLDIER #1 and #2 as they
text: dig holes in the forest floor.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: You know it’s crazy but I never
dialog: understood how they would just
dialog: keep digging. Their own graves,
dialog: y'know? Maybe they thought if they
dialog: did a good job... the guy with the
dialog: gun...
text: German Soldiers #1 and #2 have finished digging and look
text: up plaintively at Frank for mercy.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: +--+. would change his mind.
text: Frank shoots the Germans. They fall into the hole.
dialog: 17
text: BACK TO THE VILLA DI ROMA
dialog: To Frank and Russell -
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
text: People cling to hope.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Russell took a shine to me. It
dialog: wasn’t long before he had me doing
dialog: little things for him and Angelo
dialog: Bruno, himself.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL PENNSYLVANIA - DAY - 1975
text: The road ahead as the Lincoln drives a rural stretch of
dialog: I-80 West.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S LINCOLN - MOVING - DAY - 1975
text: Russell naps in the passenger seat while Frank drives,
dialog: their wives in back.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Carrie’s family went back to the
dialog: same town in Sicily as the
dialog: Bufalinos. They talked about it
dialog: all the time. She came from the
dialog: Sciandras. To them it was like
dialog: they came over on the Italian
dialog: Mayflower.
scene_heading: INT. BUFALINO'S HOUSE - NIGHT - 1958 - FLASHBACK
text: Russell comes in late at night through the back door into
text: the darkened house. He’s surprised by Carrie who is still
text: up. He’s got blood splattered on his shirt and face,
dialog: which does not alarm her as it might most wives.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: What happened?
text: Russell gives her a look.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Go get washed and give me the
dialog: shirt, I’1l put it in the wash.
text: He takes off the bloody shirt and hands it to her.
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Don’t forget your shoes.
text: As Carrie goes off to wash his shirt, Russell bends down
text: to remove his bloodied shoes. He sets a gun down.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S LINCOLN - MOVING - DAY - 1975
text: Endless, boring trees, whiz by.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Can we stop, Frank?
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL PENNSYLVANIA - DAY - 1975
text: Frank pulls the car to the side of the highway. The women
text: get out to smoke. The car doors shutting wakes Russell.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Where are we?
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Outside Lewisburg.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I got some things to do in
dialog: Lewisburg. Wake me up when we get
dialog: there.
text: Russell closes his eyes to nap.
scene_heading: INT. PENN DRAPE & CURTAINS, PITTSTON, PA - DAY - 1957
text: A succession of guys in suits and ties sit in chairs in
text: the rear of Russell's fabric shop quietly waiting their
text: turn. They do not speak or acknowledge each other as two
text: female clerks hustle around checking bolts of fabric for
text: curtains and drapes.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: He had a piece of everything, but
dialog: mostly he ran his business out of
dialog: Penn Drape and Curtains. Who knew
dialog: what it all was? I’m sure the man
dialog: had partners. They always have
dialog: partners. Nobody keeps all the
dialog: money, but everybody listened to
dialog: Russ. And when you did something
dialog: for Russ, you did it yourself.
dialog: Like he said -
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I don’t need two roads coming back
dialog: to me.
scene_heading: INT. PARK SHERATON HOTEL - DAY - OCT. 25, 1957
text: Arthur Grasso’s barber shop. Four barbers, two
text: bootblacks, a manicurist, and three customers, one of
text: them with his head back, eyes closed, getting a shave.
text: The man’s bodyguard leafs through a magazine as he waits,
text: then sets it down, gets up, and -
text: We follow him out to the adjacent lobby of the hotel
text: where he walks past shops, presumably to buy something at
text: the kiosk up ahead, passing two other men coming the
dialog: other way without acknowledging them -
text: And we go back with these two as they walk past the same
text: shops to the barber shop. They go in, but we keep going
text: to the florist next door, settling on flower arrangements
text: as ten shots ring out in the barber shop -
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: When Anastasia got killed in the
dialog: barber shop, it was Russell who
dialog: calmed things down so they weren't
dialog: killing each other before it could
dialog: all get straightened out.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN TOWNCAR - DAY - OCT. 25, 1957
text: Fingers raise the volume on the car radio.
scene_heading: EXT. PENN DRAPE & CURTAINS - DAY - OCTOBER 25, 1957
text: Russell, in shirtsleeves, calmly talking to the men
text: inside the car. We hear nothing over the loud car radio
dialog: music.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Still, you’d never know it by
text: looking at him. But all the roads
dialog: led back to Russ.
scene_heading: EXT. BUFALINO’S HOUSE - PITTSTON - DAY - 1957
dialog: The same modest house the Bufalinos will still be in
dialog: twenty years from now.
dialog: 20
scene_heading: EXT. SKINNY RAZOR’S HOUSE - PHILLY - DAY - 1957
text: Frank sits in an idling car, the tailpipe breathing
text: steam into the chilly air.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: I was helping out Skinny and his
dialog: friends with collections.
text: Skinny comes down the steps of his house in a robe and
text: slippers.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: That’s all Skinny did. Grill
dialog: steaks and collect money.
text: Skinny pokes his head in the passenger window. Doesn’t
text: see what he expects to see.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Where’s the money?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He didn’t have it. He (said) -
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Don’t tell me, let me guess.
dialog: His mother died and the funeral
text: set him back.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: His fuckin mother’s been dying
dialog: over and over for ten years.
dialog: Don’t leave.
text: Skinny scampers back into the house and reemerges a
text: moment later with a paper bag in his hand.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Don’t use it. Just show it to
dialog: him.
text: Skinny sets the bag on the passenger seat and trots back
text: to his house. Frank sees a gun in the bag and drives
dialog: off.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. FRANK'S CAR - PHILLY STREET - DAY - 1957
text: Frank in his parked car, watching a street corner. Sees
text: DEADBEAT #1 come around it.
dialog: 21
text: We stay in the car to watch Frank approach the guy on the
text: sidewalk, showing that he is holding a gun in the paper
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: In those days, you took along a
dialog: gun just to show a guy. Today,
dialog: they shoot you with it.
text: The guy is terrified by the mere sight of the gun in the
text: open bag. They both get into the car.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: In those days, you wanted your
dialog: money tomorrow. These days, they
dialog: want it yesterday.
scene_heading: INT. THE FRIENDLY LOUNGE - LATER - DAY - 1957
text: Skinny regards the guy standing before him.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: DEADBEAT
dialog: Tomorrow. I swear.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: DEADBEAT
dialog: Here. Tomorrow.
text: Skinny nods, Okay, go. But the guy doesn’t go.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: DEADBEAT
dialog: How am I going to get home?
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Take a fuckin bus, get out of
dialog: here.
text: The deadbeat leaves.
dialog: 22
scene_heading: INT. FRANK & MARY’S HOUSE - EVENING - 1958
text: Frank comes in to find Mary cooking and his daughter
text: Peggy sulking.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What's the matter with her?
speaker_heading: MARY
text: Nothing. She knocked over
dialog: something in the grocery store and
text: made a mess. The grocer yelled at
text: her and shoved her out.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He pushed her?
text: Frank turns to Peggy.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He pushed you?
text: Peggy nods.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The grocery on the corner?
text: Peggy nods.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Peggy, sweetly)
dialog: Come with me sweetheart. Show me.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Frank, it was an accident.
scene_heading: EXT. GROCERY STORE - EVENING - 1958
text: Frank leads Peggy to the corner store where the burly
text: GROCER is alone.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That him?
text: Peggy nods.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You go home, sweetheart. Tell your
dialog: mother I'll be right there. Okay?
dialog: Okay?
text: He kisses her on the top of her head and sends her home.
text: He then turns toward the grocery store.
dialog: 23
scene_heading: INT. GROCERY STORE - EVENING - 1958
text: The GROCER is alone whacking away at a leg of lamb with a
text: meat cleaver as Frank enters.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: Frank, I'm sorry, but your kid was
dialog: out of line. I only did what you
dialog: and your wife should have done at
dialog: home.
text: Frank pulls the Grocer clear over the counter and slams
text: him on the floor. Frank then takes aim for a second and
text: stomps on the guy’s hand with all his weight.
scene_heading: EXT. GROCERY STORE - CONTINUOUS
text: Peggy has not gone home and is peeking into the store
text: where she sees her father stomping up and down on the
text: screaming Grocer’s hand.
text: Terrified, Peggy turns and runs home as her father stomps
text: on the Grocer writhing on the ground.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK & MARY'S HOUSE - LATER - NIGHT - 1958
text: The family eats in silence. Peggy steals glances at her
text: father, afraid of him now.
scene_heading: INT. MOTHER OF SORROWS CHURCH - DAY
text: Frank and Mary's daughter, DOLORES, is being baptized.
text: Unlike the last time, there are a lot of attendees -
text: mobsters from Downtown including Russell, Carrie, Bill
text: Bufalino, his wife, Johnny the trucker, Skinny Razor and
text: other assorted blue collar truckers and part time hoods.
text: Peggy watches her father, all she sees is the image of
text: her father’s heel crushing a hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: It was a beautiful occasion.
dialog: Everybody showed up.(more to come)
scene_heading: INT. MELROSE DINER - PHILLY - DAY - LATE FALL 1958
text: Frank sits at a table with a cup of coffee when Whispers
text: DiTullio sits down. Frank nods.
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: WHISPERS
dialog: You wanna pick up a quick ten
dialog: grand?
text: Whispers is true to his name speaking so softly Frank has
text: to lean over to hear.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: This is not the Whispers they blew
dialog: up in that car around the same
dialog: time...
text: FLASHCUT to a car blowing up. Then back to the diner -
text: Whispers continuing to fill Frank in on the job.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: This is the other Whispers. The
dialog: good one who knew how to make
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: WHISPERS
dialog: It's a great business.
scene_heading: INT. DAISY LINEN SUPPLY - DAY - 1958
text: A big industrial laundry service, but with a lot of idle
dialog: machines.
speaker_heading: WHISPERS (OVERLAP)
dialog: We supply all the bed sheets,
dialog: towels, and linen to most of the
dialog: Atlantic City casinos and hotels.
dialog: We pick it up, wash it, iron it,
dialog: and deliver it. Until recently,
dialog: it’s been a license to print
dialog: money.
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC LINEN SERVICE - DAY - 1958
text: This place looks a lot like the other place, only busy.
speaker_heading: WHISPERS (OVERLAP)
dialog: Except there’s this fuckin’
dialog: laundry down in Delaware that’s
dialog: knocking us dead. They’re cutting
dialog: the price. They’re scaring our
dialog: drivers. They’re sucking up more
dialog: and more of our business. I’ma
dialog: little concerned.
dialog: 25
scene_heading: INT. MELROSE DINER - CONTINUED - 1958
text: Frank leans in closer as Whisper talks.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Whenever anybody says they’re a
dialog: little concerned, they are very
dialog: concerned. When they say they’re
dialog: more than a little concerned,
dialog: they’re desperate.
speaker_heading: WHISPERS
dialog: I’m more than a little concerned.
scene_heading: EXT. CADILLAC LINEN SERVICE - DAY - 1958
text: As workers haul laundry out to trucks with the name
dialog: Cadillac Linen Service painted on them -
scene_heading: INT. MELROSE DINER - CONTINUED - 1958
text: Whispers passes an envelope across the table.
speaker_heading: WHISPERS
dialog: We’ve gotta put these fuckin guys
dialog: out of business somehow.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah.
text: Frank takes a quick look inside the envelope.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: This isn’t ten grand.
speaker_heading: WHISPERS
dialog: I know. Don’t worry. You know I’m
dialog: good for it. I didn’t wanna go on
dialog: the street asking for that kind of
dialog: money and have anybody asking
dialog: questions.
text: Frank looks at him, not sure he can trust him to pay up.
speaker_heading: WHISPERS
dialog: What’s the matter, Frank? Take it.
dialog: What am I gonna do stiff you for
dialog: the money. You think I’m nuts? I’m
dialog: looking to put these Delaware
dialog: bastards out of business and we'll
dialog: all be good.
dialog: 26
text: Frank finally puts the envelope in his pocket.
speaker_heading: WHISPERS
dialog: And remember, please! This is
dialog: between us. Don’t mention nothing
dialog: to nobody, even Skinny. That’s
dialog: why I didn’t wanna borrow the ten
text: grand off the street.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK & MARY’S HOUSE - NIGHT - 1958
text: Frank takes five hundred from the $2000 stack of bills in
text: the envelope and gives the rest to Mary, at the kitchen
text: table with their three girls.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I hit on a ten-dollar daily
dialog: double.
text: She knows it isn’t true, but doesn’t care. Peggy knows
dialog: it isn’t true and does care.
scene_heading: EXT. CADILLAC LINEN SERVICE - DELAWARE - DAY - 1958
text: Frank drives slowly past the front of the Cadillac Linen
text: Service building. Then around the side. Then around the
text: back. He notes a burglar alarm box.
scene_heading: EXT. CADILLAC LINEN SERVICE - DELAWARE - NIGHT
text: He sits in his parked car, having a look at the building
text: at night. He gets out and crosses past the trucks, peers
text: in one of the industrial windows at the washing and
text: pressing machines inside.
scene_heading: EXT. DARK STREET - NIGHT - 1958
text: At his car, Frank takes out a red 5-gallon gasoline tank.
text: He unscrews his car’s gas cap and shoves a two foot
text: length of rubber hose into the tank. He sucks on the hose
text: for a few seconds and quickly spits out the taste of
text: gasoline before he shoves the hose into the red gasoline
text: tank. He puts the red tank in the trunk of his car where
text: there are two more red tanks and a box of dynamite.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK & MARY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: He puts on a dark jacket over his dark clothes and heads
dialog: for the door.
dialog: 27
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK & MARY'S HOUSE - NIGHT - 1958
text: As he comes out and walks toward his car, he sees Skinny
text: standing next to his own, and stops.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Angelo wants to see you.
text: Frank jumps in Skinny’s car.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA DI ROMA - LATER - NIGHT - 1958
text: Skinny leads Frank into the restaurant. Empty except for
text: Angelo, Russell and Phil the bartender.
text: Phil closes the door as they walk in. The door snaps as
text: he locks it. He puts the closed sign up.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Sit down, Frank.
text: Frank sits. Listens to a silence before -
speaker_heading: BRUNO (CONT'D)
dialog: What’re you doing in Delaware?
text: Frank glances from Angelo Bruno - who’s studying him -
text: to Russell Bufalino - who isn’t - and wisely decides to
dialog: tell the truth.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Bombing out a laundry service.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: For who?
dialog: (nothing from Frank)
dialog: This is not one of those times to
dialog: not say.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: For Whispers. The other Whispers.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: You know who owns the Cadillac
dialog: Linen Service?
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Some Jews in the laundry business.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: They own part of it. Somebody
dialog: else has an interest in that. You
dialog: know who?
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Who.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: No. I do. I own the other part.
dialog: Not I know who owns the other
dialog: part.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I didn’t know that.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Whispers didn’t tell you it was
dialog: the Jew mob?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He said Jew washerwomen.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Jew washerwomen. What else he
dialog: say? I'll bet he said keep it to
dialog: yourself. Don’t say nothin’ to
dialog: nobody Downtown.
text: Frank nods. Listens to the amplified sounds. Then -
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I didn't check. I’m sorry, I
dialog: should've checked. You want me to
dialog: give him his money back?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: He won’t need it. You can keep
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: He won’t need it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Thank Russell. I wouldn’t have
dialog: wasted my time. I’d have let the
dialog: Jews have you.
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Russell)
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT - 1958
text: Whispers waits on the street.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: It’s best to use something brand
text: new. Right out of the box.
dialog: Otherwise, you don’t know where
dialog: it’s been. What somebody did with
dialog: it you don’t even know about.
text: Whispers sees Frank come around the corner and walk
text: toward him - a friend walking toward a friend - as if to
text: give him a tip on a race or football game.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: So I recommend something new right
text: out of the box.
text: Frank shoots him with a .32 and keeps walking.
scene_heading: INT. ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY - DAY - 2000
text: Frank is seated at a small table before a soundless
text: television set.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Naturally, the next thing you want
dialog: to do is throw it away.
dialog: (ALT: ...get rid of it.)
scene_heading: EXT. SCHUYLKILL RIVER - NIGHT - 1958
text: Frank drives slowly across the empty bridge, slows down
text: and scales the gun into the river as effortlessly as a
dialog: frisbee.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: There’s a spot in the Schuylkill
dialog: River everybody uses. They ever
dialog: send divers down there, they’d be
dialog: able to arm a small country.
dialog: 30
scene_heading: INT. FRANK & MARY’S HOUSE - MORNING - 1958
text: Frank sits at the kitchen table reading a newspaper.
text: Glances up at his daughter Peggy, then back down at the
text: paper with a WeeGee-like photo of a body on the sidewalk
text: surrounded by cops and passersby. Next to it is a full
text: face mugshot of Whispers.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
text: With Whispers, it broke the ice.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHUYLKILL RIVER - ANOTHER NIGHT - 1958
text: Frank pulls up, gets out, throws a gun in the river.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: It was like the army.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHUYLKILL RIVER - ANOTHER NIGHT - 1958
text: Frank throws another gun in the river.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: You followed orders.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHUYLKILL RIVER - ANOTHER NIGHT - 1958
text: Another gun hits the water, and this time we go
text: underwater with it as it sinks to the bottom, where
text: there’s an arsenal of discarded guns.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: And when I handled things for
dialog: Russell it was never for money,
dialog: but as a show of respect. You ran
dialog: a little errand, you did a favor,
dialog: you got a little favor back if you
dialog: ever needed it.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA DI ROMA - NIGHT - 1958
text: As Frank approaches Russell’s table, the two sitting with
text: Russell leap to their feet, nod at Frank and move away.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: And you always hurried back.
text: IRENE, the waitress, smiles and affectionately touches
text: Frank's shoulder as she clears the dishes.
dialog: 31
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA - NIGHT - 1958
text: Frank walks down a rain-slicked Downtown street with the
text: Villa di Roma waitress - Irene - stepping on reflections
text: of lights and neon signs on the wet pavement.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: No time is a good time to leave
dialog: your wife, but that’s when I left
dialog: mine.
text: They disappear into a cheap hotel.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL - LEWISBURG, PA. - DAY - JULY 28, 1975
text: Frank pulls the Lincoln into the lot of a roadside motel
text: set down next to the highway.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL OFFICE - LEWISBURG, PA. - DAY - 1975
text: While their wives smoke outside, Frank and Russell
dialog: check in. Only instead of taking money from either of
text: them, the manager gives Russell an envelope of cash.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. LINCOLN - LEWISBURG, PA. - DAY - 1975
text: Russell and Frank drive along a street in Lewisburg.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Here it is.
text: Frank pulls to the curb in front of a fur shop. Gets out,
text: leaving the motor running, goes inside. Comes back out a
text: moment later with an envelope of cash which he gives to
text: Russell who puts it in the glove compartment, shuts it.
scene_heading: EXT. JEWELRY STORE - LEWISBURG - DAY - 1975
text: Russell waits in the Lincoln, Frank comes out of the
text: jewelry store with another envelope. Russell adds it to
text: the others in the glove compartment and turns to give his
text: wife and Irene two small gold brooches.
scene_heading: INT. BOWLING ALLEY - DAY - 1959
text: Russell and his wife Carrie, along with Frank and his
dialog: second wife, Irene, and his two older daughters, Peggy
dialog: and Maryanne - bowl.
dialog: 32
text: Peggy - about 10 now - and even more uncomfortable with
dialog: him - keeps her distance.
scene_heading: INT. BOWLING ALLEY - LATER - DAY - 1959
text: Frank and Russell drink beers and watch the women and
dialog: children bowl.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I think that kid’s a-scared of me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: She’s a-scared of me, too. She’s
dialog: one of those sensitive kids. You
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: That’s not good, Frank. She
dialog: shouldn’t be a-scared of you. You
dialog: gotta be close with your
dialog: daughters, you know. You gotta be
dialog: close with your family. You’re
dialog: blessed to have them. I told you
dialog: Carrie and I, you know, we can’t
dialog: have kids, you know. So you're
dialog: blessed.
text: Bufalino motions Peggy to join him and her father.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Sweetheart, do you know why God
dialog: made the sky so high?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Because he didn’t want the birds
dialog: to bang their heads.
text: Peggy is expressionless.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: (still trying)
dialog: You want candy or something to
dialog: eat?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No.
text: Peggy goes back to bowling and starts laughing with
dialog: Maryanne.
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Maybe it’s okay that she’s a-
dialog: scared of me, but she shouldn’t be
dialog: a-scared of you. You’re her
dialog: father. You’ve got to keep an eye
dialog: on that.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You’re right.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: It happens sometimes in a divorce.
text: The kids get nervous. They start
dialog: resenting you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m lucky the way Mary and Renie
text: get along. The kids move back and
dialog: forth with no problems.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: It can make all the difference,
dialog: when the parents ain’t at war.
text: Russell looks over and smiles and waves to Peggy, but she
text: looks away.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: You good with the union?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You kidding? Best union in the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Well, a good friend of ours is
dialog: gonna need some help.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah? Who?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I mean the top guy. He’s gonna
dialog: need some help.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You mean Hoffa?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: He’s got people who are looking to
dialog: make trouble. Some bastards tried
text: to pipe him over a workman's comp
dialog: case.
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I heard he beat the shit out of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Yeah, but he’s still gonna need
dialog: somebody he can trust.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA DI ROMA - NIGHT - 1959
text: A thunderstorm throws rain down on Frank he hurries from
dialog: his car to the Villa di Roma.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA DI ROMA - NIGHT
text: Russell and Skinny Razor are lingering at one end of the
text: bar. Frank is sitting on his own at a table having a
text: glass of wine. Russell is checking his watch. The bar
text: phone rings.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Right on time.
text: Skinny answers the phone.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Skinny. (listening) How you doing?
dialog: Good. And the family? Yeah, we’re
dialog: all good. Knock wood. Oh yeah,
dialog: Angelo’s fine. He got a good
dialog: physical with the doctor last
dialog: week. He’s in the pink. Knock wood
dialog: again. Let me give McGee the
dialog: phone. You take care of yourself,
dialog: you hear.
text: Skinny hands the phone to Russell. But Russell doesn’t
text: talk into it he walks the phone over to Frank’s table and
text: sits down. He puts an envelope on the table.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: I got that friend I told you
dialog: about. He’s sitting here with me.
dialog: He’s a good union man. I want him
dialog: to meet his president. See what
dialog: you think of him.
text: Russell hands Frank the phone.
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Say hello.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Hi Frank. It’s Jimmy Hoffa.
text: The image of Frank and Russell at the table slows down.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Nowadays, young people don’t
dialog: know who Jimmy Hoffa was. Maybe
dialog: they know he disappeared, that’s
dialog: about it. But back then, there
dialog: wasn’t an American alive who
dialog: didn’t know who he was.
scene_heading: INT. TEAMSTER’S WXDC HEADQUARTERS - OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Hoffa is behind a large desk wearing a low-cost black
text: suit with a white shirt and black tie.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Hiya, Frank. This is Jimmy Hoffa.
dialog: Glad to meet you, even over the
dialog: phone.
scene_heading: EXT. DETROIT - DAY - 1957 - FLASHBACK
text: Jimmy comes through a large crowd of workers eager to
text: shake his hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: In the 50’s, he was as famous
dialog: as Elvis. In the 60’s, he was as
dialog: famous as the Beatles. Next to
dialog: the President he was the most
dialog: powerful man in the country.
scene_heading: INT. TEAMSTER RALLY - DETROIT - DAY - 1957 - FLASHBACK
text: Jimmy orating before the crowd of workers - televised.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: If you got it, a truck brought it
dialog: to you. Food, clothing, medicine,
dialog: fuel for homes and industry. The
dialog: day our trucks stop America stops.
dialog: 36
text: BACK TO THE VILLA DI ROMA
text: as the slow-motion image of Frank on the phone and
text: Russell at the table returns to normal -
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I heard you paint houses.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I do my own carpentry too.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: That’s what I wanted to hear. I
dialog: understand you’re a brother of
dialog: mine.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Local 107. Since 1947.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Our friend speaks very highly of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: He’s not an easy man to please.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I do my best.
text: BACK TO THE TEAMSTER RALLY
dialog: Hoffa speaking to the workers -
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: We are facing a struggle as never
dialog: before. The most important thing
dialog: the labor movement cannot do
dialog: without is solidarity. Big
dialog: business has been on the attack -
text: BACK TO THE VILLA DI ROMA
text: Frank still on the phone with Hoffa -
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: - they want to tear the union
dialog: apart.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: HOFFA (CONT'D)
dialog: Big business is working with the
dialog: government to sow the seeds of
dialog: dissent at a time when we need
dialog: unity. We need solidarity more
dialog: than ever in our history. Not just
dialog: our history but the history of the
dialog: working man in America.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You want to be a part of this
dialog: fight?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes I do.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You want to be a part of this
dialog: history?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes I do.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Can you be in Chicago tomorrow?
text: Russell pushes the envelope on the table toward Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: For a minute there, I thought it
dialog: was Patton.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO - DAY - 1959
text: Cars pull into a parking lot behind a building.
speaker_heading: HOFFA V/O
dialog: Go to Chicago. Speak to Joey
dialog: Glimco at Local 777. You'll be
dialog: working in Public Relations.
text: Frank and Joey Glimco climb out of one of the cars.
text: They, and several other men enter the back door of the
dialog: building -
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO BATHHOUSE - 1959
text: Frank is seated with JOEY GLIMCO, head of the Chicago
dialog: taxicab drivers union.
dialog: 38
text: They are seated on a white tile counter draped in towels.
text: Glimco is smoking a fat cigar in the steam-filled room.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: You’re only here because Jimmy’s
dialog: getting screwed. It’s the
text: Seafarers Union trying to sign up
dialog: the same non-union cab drivers we
dialog: are. Lesbians, a lot of them, for
dialog: some reason.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO - NIGHT - 1959
text: A woman cab driver walks into a diner.
speaker_heading: JOEY (OVERLAP)
dialog: This is what we have to deal
dialog: with, how to get these drivers to
dialog: join us rather than Paul Hall’s
dialog: union. He’s bullshitting people
dialog: that he can get a better contract
dialog: than Jimmy.
text: Frank walks over to the woman’s cab, opens the door and
dialog: hot-wires
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE
dialog: Frank and
text: cabs into
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JOEY (OVERLAP)
dialog: You understand, you’re here
dialog: because nobody knows you or what
dialog: the fuck you're doing.
scene_heading: MICHIGAN - NIGHT - 1959
dialog: the other Local 777 guys push stolen non-union
text: Lake Michigan while cops stand around watching.
speaker_heading: JOEY (OVERLAP)
text: Jimmy has Daley’s cops’ okay on
dialog: this. They won’t help us push but
dialog: they’1l make sure nobody stops us.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: This is a lot of work.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Have you thought about using
dialog: candy?
text: Joey just looks at him, not sure what he’s saying.
dialog: 39
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO - NIGHT - 1959
text: The trunk of a car opens revealing boxes of dynamite.
text: Joey and Frank carry the boxes to a back door of a cab
text: garage, held open by another man.
scene_heading: EXT. CAB GARAGE - NIGHT - 1959
text: The place is silent. Full of taxi cabs.
text: Suddenly they start exploding -
scene_heading: EXT. GROCERY STORE - CHICAGO - NIGHT - 1959
text: Frank and Joey Glimco approach a fruit stand.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: One thing about Jimmy, never make
dialog: him wait. You have a meeting with
dialog: him, get there on time. Get there
dialog: early. I can’t stress this
text: enough. He goes by time.
text: Joey taps at some watermelons.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We should get going then.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: The other thing about him is he
dialog: doesn’t drink. Imagine that? He’s
dialog: the head of all the truck drivers
dialog: in the world and don’t drink. He
dialog: won’t even let you drink around
dialog: him. He calls it idiot juice.
scene_heading: INT. EDGEWATER HOTEL SUITE - CHICAGO - LATER - NIGHT
text: As Joey carefully cuts a hole in a watermelon, Frank
text: checks his watch.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: The other thing about him - he
dialog: doesn’t like watermelon.
text: Joey pours a fifth of rum into the hole in the watermelon.
dialog: 40
scene_heading: INT. EDGEWATER HOTEL SUITE - LATER - NIGHT
text: They sip from bottles of ginger ale - Joey, Frank and
text: Jimmy Hoffa - but only two of them are eating the sliced-
text: up spiked watermelon.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: You shoulda seen them sink right in
text: the water. One after the other.
dialog: I’‘1l bet this morning, when they
dialog: went looking for their cabs, they
dialog: didn’t know what hit them.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Sinking the cabs. Great idea Joey.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: It wasn’t my idea. It was Frank.
text: Hoffa looks at Frank, impressed.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's not complicated. You just push.
speaker_heading: JOEY
text: He just took over the pier. They
dialog: did exactly what he said.
dialog: (gobbles up watermelon
dialog: slice)
dialog: I never seen a guy walk through a
dialog: crowd like he does and he doesn’t
dialog: touch a single person! I’m not
dialog: kidding. I swear. Guys who didn’t
dialog: even know him, never saw him
dialog: before in their lives, still got
dialog: out of his way. I’m telling you it
dialog: was like “the parting of the
dialog: waves” - like Moses!
text: Hoffa looks over at a clearly mortified Frank listening
text: to Glimco’s excessive praise.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: (to Joey)
dialog: You need him to stay another
dialog: couple of days?
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Yeah. We still got some dribs and
text: drabs.
text: Glimco hands Frank a slice of rum-laced watermelon.
dialog: 4l
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: (curious)
dialog: You two sure like watermelon.
scene_heading: INT. EDGEWATER HOTEL LIVING ROOM SUITE - LATER - NIGHT
text: Joey has left. It’s just Jimmy and Frank now. Jimmy in
text: pajamas and slippers. (Frank, still fully clothed,
text: stands near a utility rolling cot.)
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Everybody has to be united in the
dialog: same direction, or there’s not
text: progress for the worker, Frank.
dialog: You saw it firsthand. To me those
dialog: guys ain’t union. They’re like
dialog: Nazi collaborators. Operating
dialog: behind our lines. You were in the
dialog: war. You know what I mean.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Good!
text: Jimmy gets up in his pajamas and goes into his bedroom
text: leaving the door open. Frank arranges the pillows on the
text: cot. He looks into the bedroom and sees that Hoffa is
text: already sound asleep. Frank stretches out on the cot but
text: he’s fully awake.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Back in the 1950's, Jimmy was
dialog: already the president of the
dialog: International Brotherhood of
dialog: Teamsters. The most powerful union
dialog: man in the country. Still, he
dialog: didn’t make me stay in his suite
dialog: in Chicago because he liked me. He
dialog: made me stay with him because he
dialog: didn’t want me registering in my
dialog: name at the hotel. By staying with
text: him in the big suite, there was no
dialog: proof I was even in Chicago. It’s
dialog: all about secrets. Just like
dialog: Whispers, except for Whispers it
dialog: didn’t turn out so good.
dialog: 42
scene_heading: EXT. MINIATURE GOLF COURSE - DAY - 1959
text: Jimmy and his wife Josephine, and Frank and Irene and
text: his still-growing family including infant Connie in a
text: stroller - play miniature golf. Jimmy dotes on Peggy,
text: helps her with the club.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: After Chicago, Jimmy and I got
dialog: close. Our wives hit it off and
dialog: with Jimmy and Josephine’s kids
dialog: mostly grown up, they got a kick
dialog: out of our kids, especially Peggy.
dialog: She and Jimmy fell for each other
dialog: right away.
text: Jo wants a snapshot of Jimmy and Peggy together. As they
dialog: pose for the picture -
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Can you keep a secret?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You know what I like even better
dialog: than getting my picture took?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What?
scene_heading: EXT. ICE CREAM PARLOR - NIGHT - 1959
text: Jimmy sets a tray of ice cream sundaes on the table,
text: placing the first one in front of Peggy.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: To Peg, Jimmy wasn’t like Russ, or
dialog: Skinny or even me. For one thing,
dialog: Jimmy didn’t have a nickname like
text: the “Razor” or “The Hunchback”.
text: Also, to her, he was helping
dialog: people make more money, live
dialog: better lives. He wasn’t stomping
text: on somebody’s hand.
text: Jimmy really does love ice cream, dipping his spoon into
text: his sundae and savoring its taste like fine wine.
dialog: 43
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CLASSROOM - DAY - 1960
text: Peggy stands in front of a blackboard reading an essay
text: from a piece of paper. A banner above the blackboard
text: reads: “CAREER DAY”.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: “If you have it, a truck brought
dialog: it to you.” This is what Mr.
dialog: Hoffa says, and it’s true. He’s
dialog: the president of the Teamsters
dialog: Union with over a million members.
dialog: They all support him because they
dialog: now have steady jobs, great pay
dialog: and a pension for when they
dialog: retire.
text: Frank sits in a chair off to the side at the head of the
text: class. It’s his turn at career day. Peggy and Frank are
text: both wearing gold and blue enamel “A Friend of Jimmy
text: Hoffa” buttons written across a miniature trailer truck.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: The Teamster Pension Fund had
dialog: eight billion dollars in it and
dialog: Jimmy had complete authority over
dialog: every bit of it.
scene_heading: INT. HOFFA’S OFFICE - TEAMSTERS’ WXDC HQ - DAY - 1959
text: Hoffa behind a large desk in a huge office with drapes
text: and a window view of the White House.
text: JAKE GOTTLIEB, a builder, is showing Hoffa a two-foot
text: high architect’s model of “The Dunes”, the Las Vegas
dialog: casino he is proposing expanding.
speaker_heading: JAKE GOTTLIEB
dialog: A bridge loan is all I’m asking.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Bill Bufalino standing behind Gottlieb. Frank is standing
dialog: behind Bill.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I’m not pissing away my members’
dialog: pension dough on bullshit.
speaker_heading: JAKE GOTTLIEB
dialog: You won’t. You can’t. I’ve got
dialog: Minksy’s follies. I’ve got the
text: first topless act on the Strip.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: JAKE GOTTLIEB (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m just asking for a golf course.
dialog: Jimmy you know you’ve never lost a
dialog: dime with me.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: We would appreciate anything you
dialog: can do to help Jake along on this.
speaker_heading: JAKE GOTTLIEB
dialog: One five is all I need for the
dialog: completion bond.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Whatever you can do Jimmy.
text: Hoffa waves at Bill.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: Okay. Okay. Go to the bank.
text: Gottlieb remains seated beaming as Bill and Frank leave
dialog: the office.
scene_heading: INT. HOFFA'S OFFICE - ANTEROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Frank and Bill open a large ebony credenza with an
text: elaborate Chinese design. Bill opens the credenza to
text: reveal stacks of cash in neat bank banded units reading:
dialog: $10,000, $50,000, etc.
text: Bill rummages around the stacks until he piles twelve
text: stacks marked $100,000 into Frank’s arms.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - CONTINUED - 1960
text: With Peggy still up at the front of the class -
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: And, because of Mr. Hoffa, workers
dialog: have medical insurance for when
dialog: they get sick and know that when
dialog: they retire they’re not going to
dialog: go hungry.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY - 1958
text: Sign reads: “ALLEN DORFMAN INSURANCE.”
text: Allen Dorfman is seated wearing a “Friend of Hoffa” pin
text: in his lapel.
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: There was so much paperwork back
dialog: then that Jimmy had to use an
dialog: insurance company, run by his
dialog: friend, “Red” Dorfman’s son,
dialog: Allen, to process the loans.
text: A title appears:
text: Allen Dorfman, shot eight times in the head in a Chicago
dialog: parking lot, 1979.
scene_heading: INT. PENN DRAPE & CURTAINS - PITTSTON, PA - DAY - 1958
text: Russell in the curtain shop checking bolts of cloth
text: talking with his cousin, Bill.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Russ and his friends used to get
dialog: guys like Gottlieb million-dollar
text: loans and then tack on a ten-
dialog: percent finder’s fee.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I appreciate what he did. He’s
dialog: okay. You make sure you thank
dialog: Marteduzzo from me.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: He'd be glad to hear that.
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS - DAY - 1956-1960
text: Cranes building the casinos such as the Stardust, the
dialog: Dunes, the Sands etc. in BG.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Back then, because the money was
dialog: for gambling, a lot of snooty
dialog: banks wouldn’t lend casinos money
dialog: for construction. I’m serious. But
dialog: without the regular banks, it was
dialog: the Teamsters’ billion-dollar
dialog: pension fund that stepped in and
dialog: lent the money that built Las
dialog: Vegas.
scene_heading: INT. BEAUTY PARLOR - DETROIT - DAY - 1959
text: Several women sitting under hair dryers. One of the
text: women is Jimmy's wife, Josephine.
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: There was more business than
dialog: anybody could handle.
scene_heading: EXT. MIAMI BEACH DEVELOPMENT - DAY
text: * POSTCARD: photo of a large real estate display with a
dialog: golf course.
text: * POSTCARD: photo of a fleet of charter fishing boats.
text: * POSTCARD: photo of Aspen Lodge and ski slopes.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Jimmy had to shove some of the
dialog: deals off on to Josephine who had
dialog: no idea she had twenty-two percent
dialog: of a Florida land deal called “Sun
dialog: Valley”, some charter fishing
text: boats, and a ski lodge with its
dialog: own mountain.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - CHICAGO - DAY - 1960
text: Some parked cars. In the backseat of one sits a man
text: wearing sunglasses and a fedora - SAM “MOMO” GIANCANA.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: One of Jimmy’s clients was Sam
dialog: “Momo” Giancana, who was friends
dialog: with the Kennedys from back when
dialog: Jack’s father made his fortune
dialog: (alongside the Italians) as a
dialog: bootlegger during Prohibition. The
dialog: old timers worked with him. Momo -
dialog: Sinatra - they all partied with
dialog: the Kennedys. Momo and Kennedy
dialog: even had the same girlfriend.
text: Together. At the same time.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD —- CHICAGO - DAY
text: Some mob guys walk across the lawns of a graveyard,
text: jotting down the names on the tombstones.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: So it was easy for the Mob to help
dialog: Joe Kennedy get his son elected
dialog: president by making sure he won in
dialog: Illinois.
dialog: 47
scene_heading: INT. POLLING PLACE - CHICAGO - DAY - 1960
text: The men from the graveyard sign the names from the
text: tombstones on voting registers, then get back in line to
dialog: do it again.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: In exchange, the new president was
dialog: going to get Castro out of Cuba so
dialog: our guys could get their casinos
dialog: and race tracks and shrimp boats
dialog: in Havana back.
scene_heading: TV NEWS IMAGES - ELECTION NIGHT & RESULTS
text: Kennedy vs Nixon. Election night shows tight race. The
text: next day, Nixon’s press secretary reads the concession
dialog: letter to Kennedy.
scene_heading: INT. ARMORY LOUNGE - DAY
text: Chicago boss, SAM “MOMO” GIANCANA, and New Jersey boss,
text: TONY “TONY PRO” PROVENZANO, are watching the Kennedy
text: election victory on television. Momo, Tony Pro, and the
text: roomful of hoods cheer and toast each other with the
dialog: Kennedy victory.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: The Italians wanted Kennedy the
dialog: Irishman as President... and they
dialog: got him.
text: On TV, Jack Kennedy goes up to stage to make his victory
dialog: speech.
scene_heading: INT. HOFFA’S LAKE ORION HOUSE - DETROIT - DAY - 1960
text: Jimmy, Jo, and their kids James P., Barbara and adopted
text: son Chuckie - all in their late teens - watching Kennedy
text: and his family on TV - Jackie, Joe, Bobby, Ted - milling
text: around a stage in Hyannis Port for his victory speech.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Jeezuschrist! God damn Kennedys.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Jimmy, please, the kids.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Why? They’re gonna have to learn.
dialog: We’re going to war.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: HOFFA (CONT'D)
dialog: I told you, you can’t trust a
dialog: millionaire’s kids.
text: As Jack makes his speech, a camera finds Robert Kennedy.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Especially that miserable little
dialog: sonofabitch. ... and all the
dialog: bullshit problems he’s already put
dialog: me through.
scene_heading: INT. SENATE CHAMBERS - 1957 - FLASHBACK
text: Bobby Kennedy regards Hoffa like he’s an insect. It’s
text: ten minutes into the hearing now -
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Are you saying you don’t remember
dialog: doing any favors for Johnny Dio or
dialog: you don’t remember the
dialog: conversation?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I’m saying, to the best of my
dialog: recollection, I must recall on my
dialog: memory, I cannot remember.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Where did this twenty thousand
dialog: dollars come from?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: From individuals.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Which individuals?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Offhand, that particular amount
dialog: of money I borrowed I don’t know
dialog: at this particular moment, but the
dialog: record of my loans, which I
dialog: requested, I have, and out of all
dialog: the moneys I loaned over this
dialog: period of time I went into these
dialog: ventures.
text: Everyone looks at each other to see if that made any
dialog: sense to them.
dialog: 49
scene_heading: INT. VILLA DI ROMA - DAY - 1960
text: Russell enters and distributes JFK election materials to
text: some regulars. A “Kennedy For President” poster hangs on
text: the restaurant’s mirror.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Even Russ did his part getting
dialog: Kennedy elected, too.
scene_heading: INT. BUFALINO'S HOUSE - NIGHT - 1960
text: Christmas Eve. Lights glow on a tree. Music on the hifi.
text: The Bufalinos, and Frank and Irene and the girls sit
text: around the Christmas tree, opening the gifts Russell has
dialog: given them - jewelry for Irene, clothes and toys for the
dialog: girls.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: For guys like Russ, it couldn’t
dialog: have been better.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (hating to have to say
dialog: it)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: So what’s the first thing Jack
dialog: Kennedy does to repay Chicago for
dialog: all their help?
speaker_heading: TV IMAGE - 1961
text: Of John F. Kennedy being sworn in at his inauguration.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
text: He puts his crazy brother in
dialog: charge of the Justice Department.
dialog: And what’s the first thing
dialog: Bobby does? He goes after not
dialog: just Jimmy - which in a way you
dialog: could understand - Jimmy hated the
dialog: Kennedys so much he gave Nixon a
dialog: half a million in Teamster cash.
dialog: They were the only union to back
dialog: Nixon - but Bobby also goes after
dialog: Giancana and all the other guys
dialog: who put his brother in the White
dialog: House.
dialog: 50
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK’S HOUSE - MORNING - MARCH 1961
text: Frank stands on the front lawn in his robe and slippers,
text: watching a repairman on a telephone pole down the street
text: working on the lines, phone company van parked below.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Everybody was sure everybody's
dialog: phone was bugged. I mean you
dialog: couldn’t say any names on the
dialog: phone. Everybody was “your
dialog: friend” or “our friend,” whether
dialog: they were your friend or not.
dialog: Even when you talked about Bobby
dialog: Kennedy. He was “our friend”.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. FEDERAL BUILDING - DAY - 1961
text: CAMERA looks down from above as upon a chessboard where
text: Hoffa, Bill Bufalino and Frank inch their way across the
text: courthouse’s polished marble floor surrounded by a small
text: army of reporters, cameramen, and TV anchors waving
text: microphones. The press keep shouting questions at Hoffa
text: and his trio until they are finally rescued by burly
text: Court Officers who shove the press aside and drag Hoffa,
text: Frank and Bill through a courtroom door.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: It really got much worse when
dialog: Bobby became Attorney General.
dialog: When he ran the McClellan
dialog: Committee he held lots of bullshit
dialog: hearings, but he couldn’t put
dialog: anybody in jail. Now, he was the
dialog: Attorney General and he could send
dialog: anybody to jail, and, no question
text: Jimmy was at the top of Bobby’s
dialog: hit list. He even set up a special
dialog: “Get Hoffa Squad” where he had his
dialog: own guys from the FBI and IRS
text: working around the clock. Their
dialog: only job was trying to put Jimmy
dialog: Hoffa in jail. I’m serious. That’s
dialog: all they did.
scene_heading: INT. HOFFA’S OFFICE - TEAMSTERS’ WXDC HQ - DAY - 1961
text: An agitated Jimmy listening on a phone behind his desk
text: stares angrily at six large, tough, teamster officials,
dialog: including Frank.
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: (slams phone)
dialog: I’m working with a room full of
dialog: fuckin’ idiots. You pricks! You
dialog: motherfuckers put Johnny
dialog: O’Rourke’s kid on as a “general
dialog: organizer” for thirty-six grand at
dialog: the same time you let him sell
text: insurance to his father’s locals.
dialog: Don’t you know I’m under the gun?
dialog: I’ve got that Kennedy cocksucker
dialog: sticking his nose up my ass and
dialog: you let this shit happen in
dialog: public. You dumb motherfuckers
dialog: trying to put me away?
text: Frank turns and leaves the office.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Tell me now so I can kill you
dialog: worthless fucks right here.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
text: I could see it was getting to him.
dialog: He was acting crazy. He was not
dialog: the same Jimmy. He was vicious. It
dialog: was really hard just being around
dialog: him.
text: Hoffa sees Frank leave. Stops.
scene_heading: INT. HOFFA’S OFFICE - FOYER - CONTINUOUS
text: Jimmy catches up with Frank.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I quit. You ain’t calling me a
dialog: motherfucker!
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: What’s the matter with you! That
dialog: don’t apply to you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Then let me know that. They wanna
dialog: take what you’re saying-- they can
dialog: take it. Not me.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: But I said it don’t apply to you.
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You got a problem pull me aside.
dialog: Don’t insult me and then say it
dialog: don’t apply to me.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
text: (walks Frank back toward
dialog: office)
dialog: Okay. Okay. Come on. You know me
dialog: better that.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: In the end, I had to stick by him.
dialog: I knew the bullshit he was going
dialog: through.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA DI ROMA - NIGHT - MARCH 1961
text: Frank and Russell alone at a table, floating three coffee
text: beans in their after-dinner Sambuca shots.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Russ, I don’t know how Jimmy's
dialog: running the union with Bobby and
dialog: the FBI up his ass all the time.
dialog: He’s going crazy.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Tell Jimmy I’m sorry for his
dialog: troubles, but if worse comes to
dialog: worst, the old timers know the
dialog: father. They talk... and they
dialog: could straighten things out.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: But he can’t understand why you
dialog: guys helped the Kennedy pricks get
text: elected in the first place. It
dialog: don’t make sense to him.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Jimmy don’t have to know
dialog: everything. You understand?
dialog: Sometimes it’s better.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
text: He’s too emotional. He gets caught
dialog: up in bullshit like some guy being
dialog: late. Who gives a shit? He misses
dialog: the big picture.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: BUFALINO (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Like Cuba. Like getting us back in
dialog: Havana. Like getting us back the
dialog: casinos. Like getting rid of that
dialog: Castro sonofabitch.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Jeezus!
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
text: They had a word with the old man.
dialog: And he had a word with his son,
dialog: and he let Jack know, you know,
dialog: who he fuckin owes.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILLY - DAY - 1961
text: Frank pulls into a South Philly trucking company lot,
text: climbs out of his car and speaks to a guy.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO (OVERLAP)
dialog: So, I want you to go see Phil at
dialog: Milestone Hauling. He’s gonna
dialog: have a rig for you.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY - 1961
text: Frank behind the wheel of a Milestone semi.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO (OVERLAP)
dialog: You take it, and you drive it down
dialog: to Baltimore to this concrete
dialog: plant on Eastern Avenue. You
dialog: can’t miss it, it’s the only one
dialog: there.
scene_heading: EXT. CONCRETE PLANT - BALTIMORE - DAY - 1961
text: Frank pulls the rig onto the grounds of the plant.
text: There’s a little landing strip next to it.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO (OVERLAP)
dialog: A guy will meet you there. A
dialog: fairy named Ferrie.
text: Dave Ferrie, whose alopecia has him wearing a homemade
text: reddish wig, drawn eyebrows and makeup, directs Frank to
text: back his rig up to where some army trucks are parked.
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: BUFALINO (OVERLAP)
dialog: You’1l pick up some things and
dialog: he’ll give you some paperwork for
dialog: the load in case you get stopped.
text: Frank watches some Maryland National Guardsmen transfer
text: weapons, ammo, and uniforms from their trucks to his.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT - 1961
text: Frank drives the rig down Route 13.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO (OVERLAP)
dialog: Drive the truck down to Florida.
dialog: That's where you'll leave it. A
text: dog track outside Jacksonville.
scene_heading: EXT. JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA - DAWN - 1961
text: A deserted greyhound race track. Stuffed rabbit on a
text: rail pole. Frank pulls the truck into the parking lot.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO (OVERLAP)
dialog: A guy with big ears named Hunt
dialog: will meet you there and give you a
dialog: car to get you back to Philly.
text: As the guy gives Frank the keys to a car, Frank regards
text: his ears. They don’t look so big.
speaker_heading: BIG EARS
dialog: What are you looking at? You
dialog: looking at my ears?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I ain’t looking at your ears.
speaker_heading: BIG EARS
dialog: I had an operation, so there’s no
dialog: need for anyone looking at my ears
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I ain’t looking at your ears.
text: Big Ears walks away. Frank climbs into the car and
text: watches as a bunch of Cubans begin unloading the weapons
text: and ammo from the truck he just drove down.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA DI ROMA - APRIL 1961
dialog: 55
text: A glum Frank and Russell sitting at the bar watching TV
text: showing news footage of the Bay of Pigs disaster.
speaker_heading: TV ANCHOR
dialog: A counter-revolutionary coup led
dialog: by Cuban exiles and backed by the
dialog: Central Intelligence Agency,
dialog: failed to unseat the island’s
dialog: Communist dictator, Fidel
dialog: Castro...
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: It was a disaster. Kennedy was
dialog: supposed to send in planes for
dialog: cover but he pulled back and a lot
dialog: of Cuban guys got killed on the
dialog: beach.
text: Castro fulminates making an anti-American speech on TV.
scene_heading: INT. HOFFA’S OFFICE - TEAMSTERS’ WXDC HQ - DAY APRIL 1961
text: A furious Hoffa in his office with Bill Bufalino.
text: is going through a stack of subpoenas.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Just like I predicted. Right after
dialog: they fuck up Cuba, Boobie starts
dialog: coming after me and the union.
dialog: He’s looking for some cheap
dialog: publicity. That’s what he’s doing.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It'll blow over, Jimmy.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: What’s the matter with you? It’1l
dialog: never blow over. You think they’re
dialog: ever gonna forget the money I gave
dialog: Nixon? Never!
text: Hoffa sweeps the subpoenas off his desk.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Jimmy, please, calm down. Some of
text: the old timers are trying to reach
dialog: the old man Kennedy now. He’s
dialog: supposed to be sick, but...
dialog: Hoffa
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Are you nuts? The old man ain’t
dialog: “sick”. He just had a stroke. He’s
text: useless. He turned into an
dialog: eggplant.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Oh shit! You can’t blame anybody
dialog: for that.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I can! I blame his kids. The two
dialog: of them. They did it.
scene_heading: EXT. PALM BEACH ESTATE - TERRACE - DAY
text: JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, 80, in pajamas and wrapped in a robe,
text: is seated in a wheelchair with a male NURSE watching a
dialog: variety show.
speaker_heading: HOFFA (OVERLAP)
dialog: - They gave their own father the
dialog: stroke. I know it.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S HOUSE - NIGHT - APRIL, 1961
text: Frank slips a .38 in the back of his waistband as Peggy
text: watches unnoticed. He puts on a car coat. A TV plays a
text: news report on Castro.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Everybody started thinking the
dialog: same thing: Maybe Jimmy was right
dialog: about the Kennedys in the first
dialog: place.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S HOUSE - NIGHT - APRIL, 1961
text: It’s late. The house is dark. As he’s leaving with his
dialog: suitcase -
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: To work. Go to bed.
dialog: 57
scene_heading: INT/EXT. FRANK'S HOUSE - NIGHT - APRIL, 1961
text: Frank closes the trunk, gets in his car, sets the .38 on
text: the passenger seat. Peggy watches from a window.
scene_heading: EXT. MIAMI - DAY - 1961
text: The sun-bleached coastline of Miami Beach. Everyone in
text: short-sleeves and sunglasses.
scene_heading: EXT. DEAUVILLE HOTEL - MIAMI - DAY - 1961
text: Frank climbs out of his car. A bellman helps him with
text: his luggage. Everyone else arriving for the annual
text: Teamsters Convention looks just as much like a gangster
text: as he does.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE - DEAUVILLE HOTEL - DAY - 1961
text: Jimmy and Frank share the suite. Jimmy knots a tie.
text: Frank sticks a pistol in his back waistband and slips a
text: sports jacket on.
scene_heading: INT. DEAUVILLE HOTEL - MIAMI - DAY - 1961
text: Frank stands next to check-in tables outside a ballroom,
text: scrutinizing the faces of those showing their union cards
text: to clerks for admittance.
scene_heading: INT. DEAUVILLE HOTEL BALLROOM - MIAMI - DAY - 1961
text: While Jimmy addresses the convention delegates, Frank
text: surveys them, looking at their hands for cameras or guns.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: We’re gonna get through all this
dialog: legal bullshit garbage. Little
dialog: “Boobie” Kennedy can’t do a thing
dialog: to us because we’re the biggest,
dialog: best and most honest union in the
dialog: country.
text: Crowd cheers.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Plus we have the strongest and
dialog: most loyal members...
text: Audience cheers.
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: --. the greatest shop stewards and
dialog: headbreakers -- ah, I mean
dialog: Education Committee...
text: Audience laughs.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: +--+. and with Frank Fitzsimmons, my
dialog: Executive Vice President, having
dialog: my back...
dialog: (points to Fitz on dais)
dialog: Right Fitz?
text: FRANK FITZSIMMONS, 53, a bloated man raises his large
text: scotch on the rocks to the cheering crowd.
scene_heading: INT. DEAUVILLE HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT - 1961
text: Jimmy and Frank in pajamas, getting ready to turn in.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You gave Fitz a nice “hello”
dialog: tonight. I hope he deserves it.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Why? Wadda ya mean? What’s wrong
dialog: with Fitz?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Nothing, Jimmy. I don’t mean it as
text: a knock on the guy.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Yeah? Tell me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sure, the guy’s loyal. He’s evena
dialog: nice guy, but he’s not too sharp.
dialog: You know, he plays a lot of golf.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: But that’s who you want for a
dialog: number two. A nice guy. Not dumb,
dialog: but somebody you can have walking
dialog: behind you without getting knifed.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Maybe you’re right, Jimmy. That
dialog: makes sense.
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I may have faults, but being
dialog: wrong isn’t one of them. I can
dialog: sleep like a babe with Fitz. It’s
dialog: the Little Guy I have to worry
dialog: about.
text: A song with the lyrics “You’re my boy, Tony Pro, We’re
dialog: all yours” begins as -
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA ROMANO - HOBOKEN - DAY - FLASHBACK - 1958
text: A car pulls up to a one-story box of a building that
text: looks like an abandoned bar. A short man in a black suit
text: gets out with a couple of other men -
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: The Little Guy was Tony
text: Provenzano. A capo in a big New
dialog: Jersey crew and the president of
dialog: Local 560 in Union City, New
dialog: Jersey.
text: The song continues over -—
scene_heading: INT. VILLA ROMANO BAR - DAY - 1958
text: As Pro walks into the crowded place, his Teamster
text: workingmen supporters cheer him, wave “Vote TONY ‘PRO’
text: and Slate” signs, bang on drink trays.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA ROMANO BAR - LATER - DAY - 1958
text: Pro, seated at a microphone, wearing glasses now,
text: haltingly reads his prepared remarks to the men —
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: You turl - you work - while the
dialog: corporation kings - and princes of
dialog: industry - with their vast -
dialog: expense accounts - and salary -
dialog: and lugerous yachts - make vast
dialog: donations - to politicians - yes -
dialog: who have dedicated themselves - to
dialog: our - destruction.
speaker_heading: TEAMSTERS
dialog: Down with them! Down with them!
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
text: Pro and Jimmy came up together and
dialog: were close -
scene_heading: BACK TO THE DEAUVILLE HOTEL SUITE - 1961
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: He’s out of control. He’s got a
dialog: hand in everybody’s pocket. He’s
text: shaking down the trucking
dialog: companies right and left. He's
dialog: threatening people. I mean, once
dialog: in awhile, okay, but all the time?
text: It's drawing attention.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW JERSEY - DAY - 1961
text: A car drives down a highway past farms.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: I didn't need Jimmy to warn me
dialog: about Tony Pro.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MOVING - DAY - 1961
text: ANTHONY CASTELLITO fiddles with the radio in the front
text: passenger seat, searching for a station in the static.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: What did I need to know?
text: As Castellito settles on a station and sits back, SALLY
text: BUGS, in the back seat, loops a nylon rope around
text: Castellito’s neck and strangles him -
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
text: The man had Sally Bugs strangle
dialog: Tony Castellito just because
dialog: Castellito was coming up big in
dialog: the union. Pro was so worried
dialog: about the guy that after he had
text: Sally Bugs strangle the guy, he
dialog: had Sally stick him in a tree
text: shredder.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM - NEW JERSEY - DAY - 1961
text: Sally and the driver smoke outside the car as a tree
text: shredder chews up something.
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: That way there’d be no
dialog: competition, not even from the
dialog: grave.
scene_heading: BACK TO THE DEAUVILLE HOTEL SUITE - 1961
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Guys like that give unions a bad
dialog: name. Something’s got to be done.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Him being him, that could be
dialog: tough.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: No. No. I don’t want that. I mean
dialog: getting working guys who know the
text: union, card-carrying teamsters
dialog: like you and me, to start running
text: to take over some of the locals.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He’s not going to like that.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: So what? I’m the president. I run
dialog: the union. All I need is some guys
dialog: who know their way around and know
dialog: how to handle themselves. That’s
dialog: all.
dialog: (Hoffa claps Frank’s
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: That’s why I want you to run for
dialog: president of Local 326.
text: Frank is stunned by Jimmy’s belief in him.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You’re like family to me, Frank.
dialog: You, Irene, the girls. Lovely
dialog: Peggy. But that’s not why I’m
dialog: doing this. I’m not giving you
dialog: anything you didn’t earn.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Say you'll do it. That’s all
dialog: you’ve got to say.
dialog: (whispered joke)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: HOFFA (CONT'D)
dialog: Plus, I can guarantee you’re gonna
dialog: win.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’ll do it.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Good.
text: Frank watches as Jimmy’s head hits the pillow and within
text: seconds is asleep.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY - 1975
text: Frank's Lincoln parked at the side of I-80 West, all the
text: luggage out of the trunk. As Frank and Russell change a
text: flat tire, the wives seize the opportunity for a
text: cigarette on the guard rail.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCKING COMPANY - DELAWARE - DAY - 1962
text: A Teamster pin on a lapel. It’s on Frank’s lapel as he
text: parks a 1962 Lincoln by the loading docks of a trucking
text: company and climbs out, wearing a suit like Jimmy’s.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCKING COMPANY OFFICE - DAY - 1962
text: As Frank enters the trucking company OWNER takes one look
text: at Frank’s suit and union pin and pulls an envelope from
text: his desk to give him. Frank shakes his head no.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That’s okay, I don’t need that. I
dialog: just came over to introduce
dialog: myself. Frank Sheeran. The new
dialog: President of 326.
text: The owner, surprised, puts the envelope back in the desk
text: and tentatively shakes Frank’s hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: What can I say - Hoffa took me out
dialog: of a meat truck and put me in the
dialog: union. He gave me my start, gave
dialog: me my first charter, gave me my
dialog: first union.
dialog: 63
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL 326 OFFICE - DAY - 1962
text: Frank in his own office now, behind a desk, talking with
text: a truck driver dressed like he used to dress -
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: If they can prove you stole from
dialog: them what they’re going to want is
dialog: names. Would you give them names
dialog: to keep from going to jail?
speaker_heading: TRUCK DRIVER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Good. The lawyers will take care
dialog: of this. You got nothing to worry
dialog: about.
text: The truck driver gets up to shake Frank’s hand.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - NASHVILLE - DAY - 1962
text: With the jury out of the room, attorney Bill Bufalino -
dialog: the same Teamster attorney who represented Frank in his
dialog: trucking theft case - appeals to Judge William Miller to
dialog: have a case thrown out - this one against Hoffa.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Your Honor, Mr. Hoffa was
dialog: advised by counsel that it was
dialog: perfectly legal for his wife to be
dialog: part owner of a trucking business.
dialog: Still, when the McClellan
dialog: Committee challenged its legality,
dialog: she immediately withdrew from the
dialog: company.
text: Among the spectators, and there aren’t that many beyond
text: some print journalists, is a young man in a raincoat.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: This should have been the end
dialog: of the matter. There has been no
dialog: indictment secured against my
text: client in thirteen grand juries.
text: The nut in the raincoat walks down the aisle toward the
dialog: defense and prosecution tables -
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Your Honor, this is an example of
dialog: a personal vendetta against my
dialog: client and his family by a
dialog: frustrated Justice Department and
dialog: Attorney General, Robert Kennedy -
text: The nut pushes open the gate, pulls out a gun, points it
text: at Jimmy, who rushes him, grabs him. The gun - a pellet
text: gun - goes off and everyone scrambles for cover as Jimmy
text: wrestles the guy to the floor.
text: Jimmy's adopted son/bodyguard, Chuckie O’Brien - who
text: looks Italian because he is - jumps over the railing and
text: beats the guy in the head until the marshals get there
text: and take over. Jimmy is thrilled with Chuckie -
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: (raises Chuckie’s arm)
dialog: This is my boy. I raised this
dialog: kid.
dialog: (calmly to crowd)
dialog: Remember. Always charge a guy with
text: a gun and run away from a guy with
text: a knife.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - NASHVILLE - DAY - 1962
text: The young would-be assassin, face bloody, stands for his
text: mug shot, holding a booking placard that identifies him
dialog: as Warren Swanson.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: I know it sounds crazy, but I
dialog: got a message from a higher power
dialog: telling me to shoot Jimmy Hoffa.
text: The camera flashes.
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL 326 - DAY - 1962
text: Frank, in his office, on the phone to Jimmy -
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I was wondering if you and Ed
dialog: Partin might be able to come down
dialog: here. There’s a lot of nuts in
dialog: Nashville.
dialog: 65
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE - NASHVILLE - DAY - 1962
dialog: Frank and another tough Teamster - Louisianan Ed Partin -
text: Jimmy's bodyguards now - tower over the diminutive labor
text: leader, walking alongside him to the courtroom.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - NASHVILLE - DAY - 1962
text: As prosecutor Jim Neal questions a witness in his
text: Tennessee drawl Frank and Partin survey the room for
text: possible nuts. Hoffa meanwhile surveys the faces of the
dialog: jury -
scene_heading: INT. ANDREW JACKSON HOTEL - NASHVILLE - DAY - 1962
text: The legal team’s investigator lays out surveillance
text: photographs of the same people - marked JUROR 1, 2, 3,
text: etc. - like a game of solitaire.
text: On the sofa Ed Partin and Frank watch the unfolding
text: events of the Cuban Missile Crisis on the TV while Jimmy,
text: in his pajamas, makes scrambled eggs for them and Chuckie
dialog: and the legal team.
speaker_heading: INVESTIGATOR
dialog: This one’s married to a state
dialog: trooper.
text: Jimmy takes a look at the surveillance photo of a woman
text: juror on the table.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Oh, that’s good.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We know anybody?
scene_heading: INT. A BATHROOM SOMEWHERE - DAY - 1962
text: A shirtless Ed Partin removes a microphone and tape
text: recorder strapped under his arm and hands it to Jim Neal,
dialog: the prosecutor we saw in court.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - TENNESSEE - DAY - 1962
text: Deserted stretch of highway. A lone Cadillac parked on
text: the shoulder. A Tennessee State Highway Patrol car pulls
dialog: over.
dialog: 66
text: But rather than what normally happens, a man climbs out
text: of the Cadillac, walks over to the police car, and talks
text: with the trooper. As he hands him an envelope -
text: A long lens camera captures the bribe, the man walking
text: back to the Cadillac, the car driving off.
scene_heading: INT. ANDREW JACKSON HOTEL SUITE - DAY - 1962
text: As Jimmy cooks breakfast for everyone again, we regard
text: the surveillance photographs of the jurors on the table.
dialog: To one on which someone has already written Patrolman’s
text: Wife, someone adds a check-mark flourish.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - NASHVILLE - DAY - 1962
text: The Caddie driver who rendezvoused with the trooper out
text: on the highway, EWING KING, is called to the stand. As
text: he raises his right hand and is sworn in, Jimmy, at the
text: defense table, subtly lifts his own hand and spreads his
text: fingers. The man nods almost imperceptibly as he sits in
dialog: the box.
speaker_heading: JIM NEAL
dialog: Mr. King, you’re a member of
dialog: the International Brotherhood of
dialog: Teamsters, is that correct?
speaker_heading: EWING KING
dialog: I respectfully decline to answer
dialog: that under the protection afforded
dialog: me by the Fifth Amendment.
speaker_heading: JIM NEAL
dialog: All I asked you is are you a
dialog: Teamster.
speaker_heading: EWING KING
dialog: I respectfully decline to answer
dialog: under the (protection) -
speaker_heading: JIM NEAL
dialog: Fine. Let me show you a
dialog: photograph.
text: Neal picks up an Exhibit photo of King at the patrol car.
speaker_heading: EWING KING
dialog: I respectfully decline (to) -
speaker_heading: JIM NEAL
dialog: I haven’t even shown you yet.
dialog: 67
scene_heading: INT. ICE CREAM SHOP, NASHVILLE - DAY - NOV. 22, 1963
text: Frank keeps an eye on everyone in the shop as Jimmy
text: spoons at an ice cream sundae. He’s with his attorneys
text: and Chuckie, but is the only one eating.
speaker_heading: SOMEONE
dialog: Oh, my God.
text: They look up to the ice cream parlor staff gathering
text: around a small TV behind the counter. Jimmy cranes his
text: neck but can’t see what’s on it.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: What is it?
text: He gets up to see what’s going on. The attorneys and
text: Chuckie and Frank follow him to the counter and see on
text: the TV that John Kennedy has been shot in Dallas. Frank
text: is stunned. The ice cream parlor workers and patrons
text: start crying. Jimmy and his attorneys don’t.
scene_heading: EXT. TEAMSTERS’ WXDC HEADQUARTERS - DAY - 1963
text: A solemn day. The city’s flags are at half-staff
text: including the Capitol dome. As Jimmy, Frank and Bill
text: emerge from the Teamsters’ headquarters building, Jimmy's
text: trial put on hold by the assassination, a news crew
text: intercepts him.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Mr. Hoffa, will you be attending
dialog: the president’s funeral?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I wasn’t invited.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: You don’t have to be invited.
dialog: A million Americans will be there.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: In that case, I need to check my
dialog: schedule.
text: Jimmy continues toward his waiting car, trailed by the
dialog: news crew.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: If you were to go, and were asked
dialog: to speak, what would you say?
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I'd say Bobby Kennedy is just
text: another lawyer now.
text: Jimmy looks up and sees that like all the other flags in
text: the nation, the flag above Teamsters’ Headquarters is at
dialog: half-staff.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: (into the building)
dialog: Sonofabitch.
scene_heading: EXT. TEAMSTERS’ WXDC HEADQUARTERS - ROOF - DAY
text: Hoffa supervises guards and building workmen as they
text: busily haul the fluttering stars and stripes back to the
text: top of the flag pole.
text: Frank and Bill Bufalino just watch.
scene_heading: TV IMAGES - NOV. 25, 1963
text: The slain president’s solemn funeral procession that
dialog: Jimmy isn’t part of.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Jimmy was right. Almost. After the
dialog: assassination, Bobby’s own
dialog: vendetta against everybody
dialog: stopped.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - NASHVILLE - DAY - 1964
text: Jimmy stands before the judge and jury. Frank watches
text: from his usual spot behind Jimmy in the gallery.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: But the prosecutors just kept
text: coming. A year after Dallas, while
dialog: Bobby was running for the New York
dialog: Senate, the government still
dialog: brought a jury tampering and fraud
dialog: case against him.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Hoffa, most defendants who
dialog: stand before this court for
dialog: sentencing have either violated
dialog: the property rights or personal
dialog: rights of other individuals.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: JUDGE (CONT'D)
dialog: You stand here convicted of having
dialog: tampered with the very soul of
dialog: this nation.
scene_heading: INT. PROSECUTOR NEAL’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Hoffa's prosecutor Jim Neal, reporters, the Judge, FBI
text: agents, and Ed Partin, the teamster who wore the wire
text: against Hoffa, are all celebrating their victory at
text: Hoffa's conviction in Neal’s tiny office.
scene_heading: EXT. PENNSYLVANIA - DAY - 1967
text: A prison bus roars past on Highway 15.
scene_heading: EXT. LEWISBURG FEDERAL PENITENTIARY - DAY - 1967
text: The black bus pulls past the gates of the penitentiary.
scene_heading: INT. LEWISBURG PENITENTIARY - DAY - 1967
text: Jimmy Hoffa - Inmate No. 33298-NE - is fingerprinted
text: and photographed and given a blue denim prison uniform.
scene_heading: INT. SILVER SHOP - PITTSBURGH, PA - DAY - 1975
text: As a shopgirl wraps the sterling silver gifts Irene and
text: Carrie have chosen in silver wedding paper, Russell talks
text: with the store owner with Frank at his side -
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: You know, everybody likes to shop
dialog: in your store but your son is
dialog: “s'feigatta.” He’s acting wild.
dialog: You can't control him, you know,
dialog: there's nobody's going to want to
dialog: come into your shop anymore. And
dialog: that’s not good for you and it’s
dialog: not good for me, it’s not good for
dialog: anybody. You gotta, you gotta,
dialog: take control of this kid.
scene_heading: INT. VISITORS ROOM - LEWISBURG - DAY - 1967
text: A glass partition separates Jimmy from his lawyer Bill
text: Bufalino and his pension fund lawyer, ALLEN DORFMAN.
text: They’re on the visitor phones.
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Jimmy set it all up. Fitz was
dialog: running things alright, but that
dialog: was for show. Fitz got his orders
dialog: from Jimmy through Bill and Allen
dialog: Dorfman who ran Jimmy’s loans.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Where is he? He’s late.
text: Bill and Dorfman look at the ceiling. Finally Frank
text: “Fitz” Fitzsimmons comes in and sits down next to Bill
text: and Dorfman, taking a phone.
speaker_heading: FITZ
dialog: Sorry I’m late. We’ve got a lot
text: going on.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Fitz's main qualification was
dialog: he was weak. Jimmy could control
dialog: him. He liked to drink and play
dialog: golf and that was about it.
scene_heading: EXT. GOLF COURSE - DAY - 1966
text: Fitzsimmons whacks a golf ball off a tee. The other
text: golfers in his group are mobsters, including Tony Pro.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: As much as Jimmy was getting
dialog: pissed at Fitz, everybody else
dialog: liked him, cause they got things
dialog: out of Fitz they could never get
dialog: out of Jimmy. It’s what happens
dialog: when you go away.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA DI ROMA - NIGHT - 1967
text: Russell at dinner with Frank.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: We like Fitz, but Jimmy’s got that
text: ball busting Dorfman holding up
dialog: loans that Fitzie already okayed.
dialog: And that Dorfman’s one tough Jew.
text: Which Frank takes as his order to get rid of Dorfman. He
text: nods, he’1l take care of it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So... uh...
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: No. No. Just put a firecracker up
dialog: Dorfman’s ass. That’s all. Fitz
dialog: will get the message. If you did
dialog: it to Fitz, that lush would run to
dialog: the Feds and screw everything up.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEN DORFMAN’S HOUSE - CHICAGO - DAY - 1967
text: A garage door opens automatically. Allen Dorfman’s
text: Cadillac backs out.
text: The windows of the Caddie suddenly explode from shotgun
text: blasts. Holes erupt in the body of the car.
text: Dorfman yanks the glove compartment open to get to his
text: gun as the shotgun blasts keep pocking the car.
text: Tires screech and then it’s silent. Dorfman pokes his
text: head up to see a Lincoln driving off, not quite believing
dialog: he’s not dead.
scene_heading: EXT. WRECKING YARD - DAY - 1967
text: The Cadillac is destroyed. Dorfman is fine and doesn’t
text: even look that concerned anymore, though Fitz does as he
text: nervously regards the shot-up car.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Fitz got the message. He was
dialog: terrified. After that, anybody
dialog: who wanted anything from the
dialog: Pension Fund got it.
scene_heading: INT. LEWISBURG PENITENTIARY - DAY - 1967
text: Jimmy sitting at a table by himself. A kitchen inmate
text: makes a special ice cream sundae. Jimmy turns to look
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: But in Lewisburg, Jimmy had the
dialog: other thing to be concerned about:
dialog: The Little Guy.
dialog: 72
scene_heading: EXT. PRO’S MIAMI HOUSE - DAY - 1966
text: As Tony Pro relaxes by the pool of his Miami house in
text: shorts and unbuttoned linen shirt, a drink and a cigar,
text: playing Greek rummy with some guys amidst statuary of
text: wild animals and cherubs and nudes, some FBI agents
text: approach with their badges out.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: They got Pro for extortion and
dialog: gave him seven years. And by now
dialog: things had got tense between him
dialog: and Jimmy.
scene_heading: INT. LEWISBURG PENITENTIARY - DAY - 1967
text: The kitchen inmate delivers the ice cream sundae to Jimmy
text: at his table.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
text: This is a work of art, Pete.
dialog: Thank you.
text: The kitchen inmate leaves to let him enjoy it. Jimmy
text: takes a bite, savoring the ice cream. But then, spoiling
text: the moment, Pro sits at the table with his tray of food,
text: in a prison uniform now instead of pool attire.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: I got to talk to you about a
dialog: problem I got with my pension.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: You know? What do you know?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I know it’s a million-two and
dialog: there’s a problem with it.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: So you'll look into it for me.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: There’s nothing to look into.
dialog: It’s what it is.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: What is it?
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You lost it. You forfeited it
dialog: when you came here.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: Yours is forfeited, too?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: No.
dialog: Pro can’t imagine why his pension is gone and Jimmy’s
text: isn’t, but Jimmy doesn’t elaborate, just eats his ice
dialog: cream. Eventually -
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: Yours is still there. Your
dialog: million-five or whatever it is.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: We're both sitting here.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: We’re both sitting here for
dialog: different things. You’re sitting
dialog: here for extortion. I’m sitting
dialog: here for fraud.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: So that’s the difference.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: What's the difference.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I didn't threaten anybody, you
dialog: did.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: So what? That makes no sense.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: It does if you think about it.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: It doesn’t, but I don’t want to
dialog: debate. Just do something about
dialog: it.
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: There’s nothing I can do.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: There’s always something you can
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: It's Federal law.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: I don’t care. You can still do
dialog: something about it.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I can’t. What can I do.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: You can get me my fuckin money.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: Some other way.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: What way.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: The same way you got your money.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I earned my money.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: You’re here for fraud. You stole
dialog: money. I stole money. Okay, ina
dialog: different way. Fine. Still. I
dialog: want what I’m owed.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You people.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: What did you say?
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I can’t help you.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: You people, you said. What does
dialog: that mean, you people.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I’m done talking about this.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: You people?
text: Jimmy ignores him. Eats his ice cream like Pro’s not
text: there. Suddenly Pro lunges across the table, and grabs
text: him. They tumble to the floor and fight until the guards
dialog: get there to break it up.
scene_heading: INT. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE - 1967
text: As LBJ looks on, Ramsey Clark raises his right hand to be
dialog: sworn in as Attorney General.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
text: With Bobby gone, Ramsey Clark got
dialog: upped to Attorney General.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA DI ROMA - NIGHT - 1967
text: Frank, Skinny, Russell and the rest of the regulars are
text: watching Ramsey Clark questioned by a Senator on the bar
dialog: TV.
speaker_heading: RAMSEY CLARK
dialog: Public safety will not be found in
dialog: wiretapping. Security is to be
dialog: found in excellence in law
dialog: enforcement, in courts and in
dialog: corrections - not wiretapping.
dialog: Nothing so mocks privacy as the
dialog: wiretap and electronic
dialog: surveillance. They are
dialog: incompatible with a free society.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: So in your judgment, the enactment
dialog: of this bill will in no way affect
dialog: your department’s war on organized
dialog: crime?
speaker_heading: RAMSEY CLARK
dialog: That’s correct.
dialog: 76
text: Cheers erupt, glasses are lifted, the mobsters shouting
dialog: ‘To Pamsey,’ and, ‘We love you, Pamsey.’
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: You know what this means. We can
text: speak English on the phone again.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL OHIO - DAY - 1975
text: The Lincoln flies past a highway sign: Columbus 64,
dialog: Dayton 86, Detroit 272.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - RURAL OHIO - DAY - 1975
text: Russell in a phone booth talking to someone. Frank
text: paying an attendant for gas and getting a receipt,
text: glancing over there. The wives off smoking by the
text: highway of this gas station with nothing else around it.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA DI ROMA - NIGHT - 1972
text: Frank and Russell at Russell’s usual table.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: That crazy bastard thinks he can
dialog: do that right there in Columbus
text: Circle in front of 5,000 people
dialog: and get away with it? That’s not
dialog: right. You hear me Frankie?
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: He was right. Who else runs around
dialog: with show business people like
dialog: he’s Errol Flynn, getting his
dialog: picture in the papers, drawing
dialog: attention to everybody.
scene_heading: INT. SENATE CHAMBERS - DAY - 1958 FLASHBACK
dialog: Unlike every other organized crime figure the McClellan
text: Committee has dragged in, Joe Gallo has gone out of his
dialog: way to look the part - black shirt, slicked-back hair,
text: dark glasses, pinky ring, smoking a cigarette - playing
text: to the news cameras during his testimony.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: He was known downtown as “Joey the
dialog: Blonde”, but everybody, especially
dialog: the newspapers, called him “Crazy
dialog: Joe”.
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Mr. Gallo, do you have an opening
dialog: statement?
speaker_heading: GALLO
dialog: (looking down at the
dialog: carpeting)
dialog: Yeah. This rug would be great for
dialog: a crap game.
scene_heading: INT. ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY - DAY - 2000
text: Frank sitting where we left him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Right then, you knew it was all
text: gonna fall apart.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COPA - NIGHT - 1972
text: Crazy Joe gets out of a car with his new young wife,
text: actor friends, and bodyguard Pete the Greek. Flashbulbs
text: pop. He signs a couple of autographs. He jokes with those
text: on line as he and his entourage enter swept in by Copa
text: doormen.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: He went against everything and he
dialog: didn’t give a damn. Growing up, he
dialog: kidnapped his own bosses. I don’t
dialog: even know how he lived after that.
dialog: When he went away he recruited
dialog: black guys instead of his own
dialog: kind, and when he got out, nobody
dialog: knew what he was doing or who he
dialog: was doing it with.
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBUS CIRCLE - DAY - FLASHBACK - 1971
text: An Italian-American Unity Day rally. 5,000 people.
dialog: Italian flags, American flags. Italian-American Civil
text: Rights League signs and buttons.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: You don’t like what he’s doing?
dialog: Say something...
text: As Joe Colombo gets up to speak at the podium, a black
text: man walks up and shoots him in front of his family, and
text: is in turn shot by Colombo’s men.
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: --- and see what happens.
scene_heading: INT. THE COPA - NIGHT - 1972
text: An Italian-American Civil Rights League pin with a
text: diamond in it, worn by Russell, who’s with Frank at a
text: table. DON RICKLES is in the middle of a set.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Who does that? I tell you who does
dialog: that. Nobody. Like him and Oswald,
dialog: that’s it. And even in Dallas it
dialog: was just Jackie there, not the
dialog: kids.
speaker_heading: DON RICKLES
dialog: -..-That’s how I get hired. I work
dialog: everybody. I work Jews. I work
dialog: Blacks. I work Gypsies. I work
dialog: Italians.
dialog: (seeing Gallo)
dialog: Uh oh!
dialog: (points)
dialog: Not those Italians.
dialog: (waves )
dialog: Hiya! Joey! Hiya! Cent’anni!
dialog: L’Chaim! Au Salud!
dialog: (aside to crowd)
dialog: I was told to be very careful of
dialog: what I said.
text: Gallo feigns anger and grabs a champagne bottle from a
text: bucket and pretends to throw it.
speaker_heading: DON RICKLES
dialog: (hands in prayer)
dialog: No! Please. It’s okay, Joey, I got
dialog: the money. Don’t shoot me. Madonna
dialog: Mia. Maaa! Maaaaa!
text: Gallo laughs and puts the bottle back.
speaker_heading: DON RICKLES
dialog: (waves shyly)
dialog: Happy birthday, Joey.
scene_heading: INT. THE COPA - LATER - NIGHT - 1972
text: The show’s over. Gallo walks past Russell’s table. Frank
text: is standing by Russell. Gallo nods respectfully. Russell
text: raises a glass.
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: GALLO
dialog: Hey Russ,
dialog: (taps Russell’s pin)
dialog: What’re you doing with that? You
dialog: really believe in that bullshit
dialog: league?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Joey, that’s nothing to talk about
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: GALLO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He’s a boss.
speaker_heading: GALLO
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: So he’s a boss. So am I a boss.
dialog: We're all supposed to be brothers.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Joey, let’s not have a beef.
text: Gallo walks off. Russell looks at Frank looking at Joey.
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM - SOMEWHERE - NIGHT - 1972
text: Various calibers of pistols laid out on a bed.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: For something like this you want
dialog: two guns: The one you intend to
dialog: use, and a backup.
text: Frank regards the guns while the man who gathered them -
text: red-haired John Francis - waits.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: You want something with more
dialog: stopping power than a .22.
dialog: (moves the .22s aside)
dialog: You certainly don’t want a
dialog: silencer. You want noise to send
text: the witnesses running so they’re
dialog: not looking at you.
dialog: (moves the silencers
dialog: aside)
text: But not the noise a .45 makes
dialog: that you could hear in a patrol
text: car blocks away.
dialog: (moves the .45s aside)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O (CONT'D)
text: The cops call a .32 a woman’s gun
dialog: because it’s easier to handle and
dialog: doesn’t do the damage a .38 does,
dialog: but it does enough.
text: He picks up a .32 anda .38.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK - NIGHT - APRIL 7, 1972
text: Little Italy on a mid-evening Spring night.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: It would be late so the tourists
dialog: from Idaho would be in bed. And
dialog: being in Little Italy would relax
dialog: him.
dialog: We - our POV - find and enter Umberto’s Clam House -
scene_heading: INT. UMBERTO’S CLAM HOUSE - NIGHT - 1972
text: The POV regards the interior - the two entrances on
text: Mulberry and Hester - the arrangement of tables - like
text: making a mental diagram of the place.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: It was his birthday, so he'd be
text: there with his wife and kid, which
dialog: in this case, is the point. They
dialog: should have to see what it’s like.
text: A waiter comes past with plates of spaghetti with clam
dialog: sauce.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: He'd have some champagne in him,
dialog: which would slow him down a
dialog: little.
text: The POV finds the only empty table, a reserved card on
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: His bodyguard would be with him,
dialog: and he himself might be carrying
dialog: too, but it’d probably be in the
text: wife’s purse.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - NIGHT - 1972
text: John Francis’s car, heading into Manhattan.
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: You never got a lot of advance
dialog: notice. And all you knew was your
dialog: part of it, since three people can
dialog: keep a secret only if two of them
dialog: are dead.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN FRANCIS’S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT - 1972
text: Frank and John Francis, not talking as John drives.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: John the Redhead only knew he
dialog: was going to drop me off, circle
dialog: the block, and pick me up.
scene_heading: EXT. LITTLE ITALY - NIGHT - 1972
text: It's 4:00 am. Umberto’s Clam House is the only place
text: open this late. Crazy Joey’s Lincoln pulls up in front.
text: He climbs out with his wife Sina, her 12-year-old
text: daughter Lisa, his sister, and his bodyguard.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: You want to take out the body-
dialog: guard first. Not kill him, just
dialog: disable him. You got no argument
text: with him, so not in the face or
dialog: chest.
text: The Gallos and the bodyguard disappear into Umberto’s.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Sometimes with something like
dialog: this you want to go to the
dialog: bathroom first.
text: John Francis pulls the car to the curb a block away.
text: Frank gets out and the car pulls away.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: It gives you a chance to make
dialog: sure nobody followed you in. It
dialog: also gives you a chance to make
dialog: sure nobody’s in the bathroom you
dialog: have to worry about.
text: Frank walks toward Umberto’s Clam House.
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: It also gives you a chance to go
dialog: to the bathroom. You don’t want
dialog: to be uncomfortable.
text: Frank opens the Mulberry Street door of Umberto’s -
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: But I went before and in a place
dialog: this small, this late, you may as
dialog: well just get to work.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. UMBERTO’S CLAM HOUSE - NIGHT - 1972
text: Frank steps inside. Notes the bodyguard at one table,
text: and Gallo, his wife and sister and the little girl at
dialog: another.
text: Frank walks toward the tables and shoots Pete the Greek
text: in the thigh with the .38. Gallo’s wife and sister dive
text: for cover, pulling the girl down with them.
text: Gallo pushes away from the table. Frank fires, hitting
text: him in the elbow. As he runs for the door, Frank shoots
text: him in the back. He collapses on the sidewalk and Frank
text: puts two more in him, then walks up the block just as
text: John Francis pulls around it. He gets in the car.
scene_heading: EXT. YONKERS - LATER - DAWN - 1972
text: Frank throws the .38 into the Hudson while John Francis
text: waits in the car.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK’S HOUSE - MORNING - 1972
text: A TV report on the hit at Umberto’s. Frank's not
text: watching it, he’s making cornflakes.
speaker_heading: DOLORES 0/S
dialog: Peggy, let’s go.
text: Frank turns and sees Peggy, now about 22, behind him.
dialog: Neither says anything about the news report or anything
text: else. She just leaves.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP - OHIO - DAY - 1975
text: Frank washes his hands in the men’s room. Comes out and
text: past Russell on a pay phone.
dialog: 83
text: He can’t be sure but it seems Russell maybe stops talking
text: to whoever he’s talking to until Frank is out of earshot.
text: He joins Irene and Carrie at a table.
scene_heading: INT. LEWISBURG PENITENTIARY - DAY - 1972
text: Jimmy is escorted down the cell block by guards.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: What can I say. The guy organized
dialog: a prison. Give him six more months
dialog: in there and he would have got
dialog: them a pension plan.
scene_heading: EXT. LEWISBURG PENITENTIARY - DAY - 1972
text: Jimmy's lawyer, Bill Bufalino, stands with his client
text: before reporters and photographers as he’s released from
dialog: prison.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: The first thing I’m going to do is
dialog: register with the Federal
dialog: Probation Office, as I’m required
dialog: to do. Then I’m going down to
dialog: Florida with my wife to get some
dialog: sun.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Any plans after that?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Yeah. Take back control of my
dialog: union.
scene_heading: EXT. LUMS - MIAMI - DAY - 1972
text: Frank waits at the pick-up counter of a hotdog place.
text: A TV by the grill - like every TV in America - reports on
text: the arrest of burglars at the Watergate.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: And the first thing I did was
dialog: pick us up some chili dogs from
dialog: Lums, which Jimmy loved almost as
dialog: much as ice cream.
text: Frank watches as his order is being cooked.
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: The secret is they steam them in
dialog: beer. There’s not a better hotdog
dialog: in America.
scene_heading: INT. JIMMY’S CONDO - MIAMI - DAY - 1972
text: The Watergate break-in report on the TV here, too, as
text: Frank and Jimmy eat their chili dogs. But Jimmy’s less
dialog: interested in that than the current Teamsters newsletter
text: he’s reading. Jo, just in from the pool, is making
dialog: herself some lunch.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: What am I going to do with Fitz.
text: He tosses the newsletter to Frank. A cover photo shows
text: Fitzsimmons accepting some award.
speaker_heading: HOFFA (CONT'D)
dialog: He actually thinks he runs things?
dialog: I appointed him! He didn’t win
dialog: any election! Now he thinks he’s
dialog: somebody? Accepting fuckin
dialog: awards?
text: Jo comes over with her lunch to join them.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He’s very popular with certain
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Of course he is! He loans money
dialog: to every goombah who asks. If the
dialog: banks did that - can you imagine? -
dialog: we'd have a financial crisis.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It don’t matter. You run against
dialog: Fitz and you win hands down.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You’ve got the Southwest and
dialog: Central locals locked up. All you
dialog: need is enough votes in the
dialog: Northeast and you can win it all.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Jo, offering her a
dialog: chili dog as Hoffa
dialog: continues to talk)
dialog: Sure you don’t want one?
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: No. No thanks.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Yeah, I just can’t believe I’ve
dialog: got to go to that prick Tony Pro
dialog: to get them.
text: Frank nods, but his silence says something.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Like I said, Fitz is popular.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Wiseguys don’t run this union!
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: With Fitz, they do.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: But once you’re back as President
dialog: you can fire anybody, right? You
dialog: can even fire Tony Pro.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You can even watch him clean out
text: his desk so he doesn’t steal the
text: pencils.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: See that. Everybody thinks she’s
dialog: the nice one and that I’m the bad
dialog: guy.
dialog: (kisses her cheek)
dialog: It's just the opposite. I’m the
dialog: nice guy and she’s the killer. I
dialog: hate I gotta deal with that
dialog: cocksucker - he’s fucked
dialog: everything up.
speaker_heading: FLASHCUT TO
text: Tony Pro attacking Jimmy over the ice cream in the prison
dialog: cafeteria -
dialog: And right back here, to the CONDO -
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I_know that cocksucker is
text: campaigning for Fitz on the sly.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's because of his pension.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Because of the pension he doesn’t
dialog: deserve.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He still got a lot of votes over
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Because of me! I gave him that
dialog: power! Now I got to make peace
dialog: with the cocksucker? I gotta ask
dialog: him to endorse me? I hate the
dialog: idea of that.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Without Pro’s locals, Fitz loses.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: There’s no doubt about that.
text: Jimmy tries to picture sitting down with Pro, and it’s
text: enough to ruin his otherwise nice Lum’s lunch.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: If I sat down with him, would
dialog: you come along?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Of course.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE CLUB - MIAMI - DAY - 1972
text: Frank and Jimmy wait at a table for Tony Pro to show up.
text: Jimmy checks his watch. Looks at Frank.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Fuck it. Let’s go.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Let’s give him a few more minutes.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: This isn’t right. You don’t do
dialog: this. You don’t make a man wait.
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: The only time you do is when?
dialog: When you want to say something.
dialog: When you want to say, Fuck you.
dialog: That's the only time.
text: Frank nods. They wait, Jimmy getting madder by the
dialog: second.
text: Finally, a white Cadillac pulls up out front and Pro,
text: wearing shorts and a short-sleeve shirt, comes in with
text: his cousin-in-law ‘Tony Jack’ Giacalone, who, unlike Pro,
text: is wearing enough clothes to conceal a piece, and join
text: Jimmy and Frank at the table.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: Can you believe this weather?
dialog: People are freezing to death in
dialog: New York and look at us. It’s 80
dialog: outside. It’s perfect. Why we
dialog: don't live here year-round is what
dialog: I want to know.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: It’s summer.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: It’s summer. People aren’t
dialog: freezing to death in New York.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: In my mind it’s always 8 degrees
dialog: in New York. I’m making a point.
text: Jimmy regards Pro’s casual attire and his tan.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: This is how you dress for a
dialog: meeting?
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: (re: Hoffa’s clothes)
dialog: This is how you dress in Florida?
dialog: In a suit?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: For a meeting, if it’s Florida or
dialog: Timbuktu. And you’re late.
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You're late.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: There was traffic.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I’ve never been late for a meeting
dialog: in my life.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: (to his cousin-in-law)
dialog: Wasn't there traffic?
speaker_heading: TONY JACK
dialog: There was.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I’ve never waited for anybody
text: who’s late more than ten minutes.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: I'd say fifteen. Fifteen is
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: No. Ten.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: I don’t think so. Ten is not
dialog: enough. You have to take traffic
dialog: into account.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: That is taking traffic into
dialog: account. That’s why it’s ten.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: I still say fifteen.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Ten.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: Fine. We disagree on that.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
text: More than ten is saying something.
dialog: Are you saying something to me.
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: I’m here. That says what it says.
dialog: What can I do for you?
text: Jimmy can barely think straight as mad as he is about Pro
text: being late, but eventually collects himself.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I want to ask you for your
dialog: endorsement (for) -
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: Wait, before you tell me, let’s
dialog: get the other thing straightened
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I can’t do anything about your
dialog: pension. Not with Fitz in there.
dialog: With Fitz there, you should talk
dialog: to Fitz about it.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: I did. He says he'll take care of
dialog: it. No questions asked. You
dialog: wouldn’t do that, but he will. I
dialog: meant the other thing.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: The other thing.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: You know.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: Your apology.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: My apology. For what.
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: For what you said when you were
dialog: sitting there eating your fucking
dialog: ice cream like some fucking king.
dialog: That was an ethnic slur - “you
dialog: people.”
text: Jimmy just looks at him. Then -
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I‘1l apologize for that - after
dialog: you apologize for being late - you
dialog: mother fucking wop cocksucker.
text: Now Pro just looks at Jimmy while Frank shakes his head
text: wearily. Eventually -
speaker_heading: PRO
dialog: I’‘1l apologize for being late -
dialog: after I kidnap your granddaughter,
dialog: rip her guts out and send them to
dialog: you in a fuckin envelope.
text: Jimmy goes for him. Frank and Tony Jack try to pull them
dialog: apart - like the guards did in the prison cafeteria -
text: but, just like then, it isn’t easy.
scene_heading: INT. CAR —- MOVING - MIAMI - DAY
text: Frank drives Jimmy back to his condo after the disaster
text: with Pro. They drive in silence. Then -
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You think Russell would do
dialog: something about the Little Guy?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That would be complicated.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I know, but maybe you could talk
dialog: to him. Have a conversation. See
dialog: what he says.
scene_heading: EXT. HARLEM - NIGHT - 1972
text: Frank and Russell climb out of Frank’s car and head for
text: a storefront on 115th Street - the Palma Boys Social Club
text: - outside which some Genovese guys hang out.
scene_heading: INT. PALMA BOYS SOCIAL CLUB - NIGHT - 1972
text: Frank and Russell share a table with Anthony Fat Tony
dialog: Salerno.
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: I don’t approve of what Pro
dialog: said to Jimmy. Who talks like
dialog: that about a man’s grandchildren?
dialog: That’s not right.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: SALERNO (CONT'D)
dialog: But Pro isn’t nobody, Jimmy knows
dialog: that. I’m not going to tell him
dialog: what he can and can’t say.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: He’s very upset, I understand.
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: I’m sure he is. But Jimmy says
dialog: things too he shouldn’t sometimes.
dialog: Somebody should calm him down.
text: Frank looks to Russell.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don’t know what to tell him to
text: calm him down.
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: I don’t know if it will calm him
dialog: down but you can tell him I always
dialog: liked him and won’t stand in his
dialog: way trying to get his job back.
scene_heading: INT. HOFFA’S DC HOTEL ROOM - DAY - 1972
text: The TV is on, but Jimmy and Frank aren’t watching it.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: That doesn’t calm me down. Not
dialog: standing in my way is not the same
dialog: as doing something about a fucking
text: out of control lunatic.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He’s not nobody, The Little Guy.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
text: He’s a cocksucker. Fitz is a
dialog: cocksucker. I’11 deal with both
dialog: these cocksuckers myself.
scene_heading: EXT. TEAMSTERS’ WXDC HEADQUARTERS - DAY - 1973
text: Jimmy, always a magnet for reporters, stands outside
text: what used to be his office building, giving a televised
dialog: interview.
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: This used to be my office. Frank
text: Fitzsimmons travels around the
dialog: country to every goddamn golf
dialog: course there is. Who is he to run
dialog: around with Nixon and the Attorney
dialog: General?
scene_heading: EXT. GOLF COURSE - DAY - 1973
text: Fitz plays golf with Richard Nixon, John Mitchell and
dialog: Tony Pro.
speaker_heading: HOFFA (OVERLAP)
text: He does this and collects a full-
dialog: time salary. How do you do that?
dialog: There’s not enough hours in a day.
dialog: I went to prison for fraud; this
dialog: is fraud what he’s doing.
scene_heading: EXT. DETROIT RIVER MARINA - DAY - 1973
text: A man and his wife walk along a dock carrying fishing
text: tackle and a cooler.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Fitz responded to Jimmy by sending
text: a message to Jimmy’s old friend,
dialog: Dave Johnson.
text: As they near their 45-foot cabin cruiser, it suddenly
dialog: blows up -
scene_heading: INT. HOFFA’S DC HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT - 1973
text: A report on the TV shows the aftermath of the Dave
dialog: Johnson boat bombing. To Frank -
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: This is how Fitz says he wants
dialog: Dave to step down so his son can
dialog: run Local 299? By blowing up
dialog: Dave's boat? This is how I say no
dialog: to Little Fitz.
scene_heading: EXT. NEMO’S BAR - DETROIT - EVENING - 1973
text: Fitz and his adult son Richard comes out of Nemo’s Bar.
text: As they walk toward Little Fitz's white Lincoln, it blows
text: up, knocking them both off their feet.
dialog: 93
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL 299 - DETROIT - DAY - 1973
text: Josephine Hoffa puts personal items from her desk into a
dialog: file box.
speaker_heading: HOFFA (OVERLAP)
dialog: This is how Big Fitz says he
dialog: doesn’t like who I say runs the
dialog: 299?
scene_heading: EXT. LOCAL 299, DETROIT - DAY - 1973
text: She puts the file box in the trunk of her car and climbs
text: in behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: HOFFA (OVERLAP)
dialog: Firing my wife from her forty-
dialog: eight-fucking-thousand-dollar-a
dialog: year union job?
text: Her hand shakes as she turns the key in the ignition, but
text: the car doesn’t blow up.
scene_heading: INT. HOFFA’S DC HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT - 1973
text: Jimmy paces back and forth, a ginger ale in his hand,
text: paying no attention to the Watergate hearings on the TV.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Fine. Fuck them all.
text: Frank is a little distracted by the Watergate witness.
text: E. Howard Hunt according to the TV chyron.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: What’re you looking at.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's Big Ears.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: What? Who? His ears don’t look
dialog: so big.
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION STUDIO - DAY - 1973
text: Jimmy is the guest on a news program.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Frank Fitzsimmons has sold this
text: union out to his underworld pals.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: HOFFA (CONT'D)
text: The mob controls him, which means
dialog: it controls our Pension Fund. I’m
dialog: talking about a billion dollars in
dialog: low and no-interest loans this man
dialog: has given to known racketeers for
dialog: their illegal enterprises. Not
dialog: anymore. It’s time the rats
text: abandoned ship.
scene_heading: INT. PALMA BOYS SOCIAL CLUB - DAY - 1973
text: Salerno, Russell and Frank at Salerno’s table again.
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: Is he serious?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: He doesn’t mean any of this.
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: Maybe he got religion in prison.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: He didn’t.
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: People do. Remember Whispers.
text: The other Whispers.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Not Jimmy. It’s all for the
dialog: publicity. He’s running for
text: office. He’s putting on a show.
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: I don’t know. When I hear a
dialog: thundering stampede I think of
text: getting run over by hoofs. Maybe
dialog: he means what he says.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: He’s campaigning. He’ll say
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: I don’t care. I don’t like it.
dialog: It's no good. Talking like that.
dialog: Maybe he should cash in that
dialog: pension and spend more time with
dialog: his grandchildren.
text: Like the last time, Salerno looks to Frank.
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: Word should get back to him.
scene_heading: INT. HOFFA’S DC HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT - 1973
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Who said that?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It doesn’t matter. It was said.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Was it Russell?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Was it the Little Cocksucker from
dialog: the Miami Fiasco?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Then who.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: The other Tony.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Which other Tony? They’re all
dialog: named Tony. What’s the matter
dialog: with Italians - they can only
dialog: think of one name.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Salerno.
text: That Tony means something to Jimmy. It gives him pause.
text: But not enough to convince him to change what he’s doing.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I don’t care who said it, they’re
dialog: not going to shut me up. Somebody
dialog: can tell him that.
scene_heading: INT. PALMA BOYS SOCIAL CLUB - NIGHT - 1973
text: Back at the same table with Salerno and Russell. Fat
text: Tony looks at Frank -
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: He said that?
dialog: (Frank nods)
dialog: Before he says things like that,
dialog: he should remember: Crazy Joe
dialog: liked to make a lot of noise too.
dialog: Somebody should tell him that.
scene_heading: INT. HOFFA’S DC HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT - 1973
text: Jimmy eating some room service ice cream. Watergate
text: hearings on the TV.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: He said that? This fuckin
dialog: guinea said that? That does it.
dialog: I’m never retiring. Somebody can
dialog: tell him that.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I have, Jimmy. Over and over.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Then there’s nothing more to talk
dialog: about. Let me enjoy my ice cream.
text: Jimmy spoons at his ice cream. Frank glances at the TV,
dialog: though not really to watch it. Eventually -
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You’re thinking something. What
dialog: is it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It’s not the right time.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: What isn’t.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (pause)
dialog: The Local’s putting together a
dialog: testimonial dinner for me. I was
dialog: thinking of asking if you might
dialog: present the award.
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Who’s going to be there?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Everybody.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
text: Tony, Tony, Tony and Tony.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (nods )
text: Everybody from Downtown.
text: Jimmy knows he won’t exactly be safe at a place with
dialog: “everybody” there.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's not a good idea right now.
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: No, I don’t give a fuck who’s
dialog: there. They’re not going to keep
dialog: me away from your big night.
dialog: These cocksuckers. You deserve
dialog: this. I’d be honored. I’1l1 be
dialog: there.
text: Jimmy thinks about it a moment longer, then glances to
text: the TV. John Dean testifying, his wife sitting stoically
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Good looking broad, that Mo Dean.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LATIN CASINO - NEW JERSEY - NIGHT - 1973
text: The Vegas-style supper club looks like it was plucked
dialog: off Fremont Street and dropped here, but in fact was just
text: moved five miles from Philly across the Delaware River.
dialog: Usually it’s someone like Al Martino or Dean Martin or
text: Liberace on the marquee, but tonight it reads: ‘Frank
text: Sheeran Appreciation Night.’
scene_heading: INT. THE LATIN CASINO - NIGHT - 1973
text: We come past a poster on an easel with Frank’s picture
text: on it and make our way into a banquet room, past an open
text: bar, follow waiters serving dinner to 1,500 people. At
dialog: the microphone -
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: MCCULLOUGH
dialog: We've got a great turnout for
dialog: Frank tonight, because Frank's a
dialog: man with a lot of friends. From
dialog: his army buddies who fought with
dialog: him in Italy under General George
dialog: Patton, to the drivers, national
dialog: organizers, business agents, local
dialog: presidents, joint council chairmen
dialog: and regional trustees. Tonight,
dialog: we're all “Friends of Frank’s"”,
dialog: like NAACP president, Cecil Moore;
dialog: District Attorney, Emmett
dialog: Fitzpatrick; Philadelphia Mayor,
dialog: Frank Rizzo...
text: As he continues introducing the dignitaries on the dais
text: with Frank, a title comes up on screen -—
text: Roofers Union President John McCullough, shot six times
text: in the head in his kitchen, 1980.
speaker_heading: MCCULLOUGH
dialog: And of course, our featured
dialog: speaker, James Riddle Hoffa.
text: Meanwhile, outside, in the trees,
dialog: we've got the FBI.
scene_heading: INT. THE LATIN CASINO - CONTINUED - 1973
text: Waiters sets down plates of prime rib in front of -
dialog: Russell, Angelo Bruno, Tony Salerno and Tony Pro and
text: their wives at one table.
text: Skinny and other mid-level Philly guys and their wives at
dialog: another.
text: Frank's wife Irene and his four grown daughters at
text: another table with Jimmy’s wife Jo and theirs, Barbara
text: and James P. Hoffa, and foster son Chuckie - Irene and Jo
text: marveling at how big each others’ kids have gotten.
text: Russell and Salerno regard Jimmy cutting into his prime
text: rib on the dais next to Frank.
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: He’s not even the goddamn
text: president and he’s holding up
dialog: people’s loans.
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: We sure? How?
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: He’s using his pension fund
dialog: trustees - his guys to hold back
dialog: loans for a new hotel in New
dialog: Orleans for Carlos and loans to
text: build up Caesar’s on the Strip.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: What about Fitz? He’s gotta be
dialog: able to help.
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: The money comes through the
dialog: trustees. They gotta sign off.
dialog: They’re supposed to rubber stamp
dialog: whatever Fitz says, except Jimmy’s
dialog: got a couple of them to stop
text: rubber stamping.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Son of a bitch.
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: He said to somebody, once Fitz is
dialog: out and he’s in, he’s going to
dialog: call in old loans. Real estate,
dialog: casinos, whatever it is, you don’t
dialog: pay him the full thing and
dialog: interest in two seconds, he’s
text: taking them over.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: He said that?
speaker_heading: SALERNO
dialog: Who does he think he is, Castro?
text: Hoffa can’t hear what they’re saying down there, but
text: doesn’t shy from looking them in the eye when they look
text: up at him.
scene_heading: INT. THE LATIN CASINO - LATER - NIGHT - 1973
text: As dessert is served, a line of fishnet-stockinged
text: dancers high-kick on stage.
text: Peggy, at the Sheeran family table, glances from the
text: dancers to a corner of the room Russell has found where
text: he can speak to Jimmy in confidence.
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I don’t understand why you’re
dialog: doing this. You don’t need the
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: It’s not about money.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Then I don’t understand what all
dialog: this talk is about.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: It’s my union.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I don’t know. It seems maybe it’s
dialog: about something else.
dialog: Nothing from Jimmy.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Some people - not me - are a
dialog: little concerned. Some people -
dialog: not me - feel you - might be -
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Might be -
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Demonstrating a failure to show
dialog: appreciation.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I’m not showing appreciation?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Some people - not me - might think
dialog: so.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I went to school for five fuckin
dialog: years. I didn’t name one fuckin
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I know.
text: Jimmy glances over to where Tony Pro is talking to
text: Salerno at his table.
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I had to sit there listening to
text: that whining cocksucker from New
dialog: Jersey when all I wanted was to
dialog: eat my ice cream in peace.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
text: This cocksucker shows up to a
text: meeting fifteen minutes late in
dialog: fucking shorts. Who wears shorts
dialog: to a meeting?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I’m not showing appreciation?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: According to some people - not me.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Fuck them. Nobody threatens
dialog: Hoffa.
text: As Jimmy walks away, everything in room slows down. From
text: the dais, Frank watches, more than a little concerned.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Jimmy shouldn’t have walked away
dialog: first. He should have let Russell
dialog: walk away.
text: Russell just stands there, looking after Jimmy, no doubt
dialog: thinking the same thing.
scene_heading: INT. THE LATIN CASINO - LATER - NIGHT - 1973
text: Russell, Salerno and Pro watch Jimmy up at the podium,
text: finishing his presentation to Frank -
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Frank has devoted his life to
dialog: this union. As a driver, as an
dialog: organizer, as a mediator - he’s
dialog: been tireless in his service to
dialog: the working men and women of this
dialog: country.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: HOFFA (CONT'D)
dialog: He also holds a record you may not
dialog: know, which I don’t think anybody
dialog: will ever beat: Most arrests on a
dialog: picket line - 26 times in 24
dialog: hours - beating my record!
text: The guests applaud and laugh.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I’ve known Frank a long time.
dialog: I respect him. I rely on him.
text: He is a union man to his bones,
dialog: and he’s my friend. I’m honored
dialog: to present this award - and this
dialog: beautiful watch - to Frank
dialog: Sheeran.
text: Frank joins him at the podium as everyone applauds.
text: Jimmy straps a gold diamond-encrusted watch on his wrist,
text: pats him on the back, turns the microphone over to him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Thank you, Jimmy. Thank you all.
dialog: Thank you to my wife Irene and my
dialog: lovely daughters, Maryanne,
dialog: Dolores, Connie - Peggy - for
dialog: putting up with me all these
dialog: years.
text: Three of his daughters are smiling. Peggy isn’t.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: And to Jimmy. I can’t tell you
dialog: what this means to me to get this
dialog: honor from you. Jimmy’s the only
dialog: guy to get the job done and I
dialog: promise all my support and help to
dialog: you, Jimmy.
dialog: (mild applause)
dialog: Russ bet me I was going to mess up
dialog: my speech... so all I can say is,
dialog: thank you all from the bottom of
dialog: my heart. I know I don’t deserve
dialog: all this tonight. But I have
dialog: bursitis and I don’t deserve that
dialog: either.
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: See Russ, I didn’t mess up my
dialog: speech.
text: Everyone laughs.
dialog: 103
scene_heading: INT. THE LATIN CASINO - LATER - NIGHT - 1973
text: A photographer motions Frank and Jimmy to stand together
dialog: for a picture -
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Look at all these people who
dialog: came out for you. Even the mayor.
dialog: I truly had no idea you were this
text: strong.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: It’s a free steak and an open bar.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: No, they’re here for you, my
dialog: friend.
text: The camera flashes.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Couple more, please.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m sorry Pro's here.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You have no control over that.
text: The camera flashes.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I really do appreciate all the
dialog: support you've given me, Frank.
dialog: I mean it. It’s not just words.
dialog: I’m glad you're on my side.
text: Frank forces a smile for the photographer as the camera
text: flashes again taking a photo of Frank with Jimmy, another
text: with Cecil Moore, another with Mayor Rizzo, another with
dialog: Jimmy’s kids.
scene_heading: INT. THE LATIN CASINO - LATER - NIGHT - 1973
text: Jerry Vale’s singing ‘Spanish Eyes’ as couples dance.
text: Jimmy’s dancing with Frank’s daughter Peggy, and each
text: time they turn, she looks over at -
text: Russell and Salerno looking right at her - or rather at
text: Jimmy - as they quietly converse at their table. Salerno
text: doesn’t look happy, gets up and leaves, followed by Pro.
dialog: 104
scene_heading: INT. THE LATIN CASINO - LATER - NIGHT - 1973
text: Back at the Sheeran family table, Peggy’s watching her
text: father with Russell who have found a semi-private spot to
text: talk across the room.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I didn’t want to do this in front
dialog: of everybody.
text: He hands Frank a small jewelry box. Inside it, Frank
text: finds a gold ring with a gold coin on top.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Only three people in the world
dialog: have one of these, and only one
dialog: of them is Irish. I have one.
dialog: Angelo. And now you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You know what this means.
text: Frank does. It’s as close to a made-man any non-Italian
dialog: will ever get.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Put it on. Let’s see if it fits.
text: Frank slips the ring on. It fits. Jerry Vale starts
dialog: another song.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: There’s something else. It just
dialog: got out of hand with your friend.
dialog: Some people have a serious problem
dialog: with him. Talk to your friend.
dialog: Tell him, it’s what it is.
text: Frank isn’t sure he heard right.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It’s what it is?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Yeah. Talk to him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’1l do my best. You know
dialog: yourself, Russ; he’s tough to talk
dialog: to.
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: He’s got no choice. It comes from
text: high up.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Jimmy's pretty high up himself.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: You’re dreaming, my friend. If
dialog: they can take out the President
dialog: they can take out the president
dialog: of a union.
text: And, as it’s supposed to work, Russell walks away first.
scene_heading: INT. THE LATIN CASINO - LATER - NIGHT - 1973
text: As the dancing continues, Frank and Jimmy, off by
dialog: themselves, talk.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I just spoke to Russell. He just
dialog: spoke to Tony. He means what he’s
dialog: saying.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Who? Russell?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tony.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Well, I mean what I say. He
dialog: can’t seem to get that through his
dialog: fat fuckin Sicilian head.
text: Jimmy notices how ashen-faced Frank looks.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Don’t look so concerned.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m a little concerned.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: They should be concerned, not
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: They are. They’re more than a
dialog: little concerned. There's
dialog: widespread concern.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Tony told Russell to tell me to
dialog: tell you what it is.
text: Jimmy looks at Frank a bit stunned finally.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: They wouldn’t dare.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don’t say that, Jimmy.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Something funny happens to me, I
dialog: got stuff ready to go. To the
dialog: press. To the right people. They
dialog: do something to me, something is
dialog: gonna be done to them, and those
dialog: guinea motherfuckers know that.
dialog: They know I know things that I
dialog: know. They know I know things they
dialog: think I don’t know.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Jimmy, what am I supposed to do.
dialog: I got to go back and tell the old
dialog: man - what. That you’re still not
dialog: listening to him? He ain’t used
text: to people not listening to him.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Neither am I.
text: Frank has run out of ways to make him see.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Then I don’t know, you should
dialog: maybe keep some bodies around for
dialog: protection.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I’m not going that route, they
dialog: could go after my family. You
dialog: should keep some bodies around,
dialog: they could go after you since
dialog: you’re with me.
text: Frank isn’t sure who he’s with anymore, so caught in the
dialog: middle.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Tell Russ I got nothing but
dialog: respect for him. I would never
dialog: hurt him. But this is my union.
dialog: 107
text: Jimmy leaves him to go to the Sheeran family table.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You know what I love, Peggy?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Ice cream.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: More than ice cream. You. Let’s
dialog: dance.
scene_heading: INT. THE LATIN CASINO - LATER - 1973
text: Jimmy dancing with Peggy. Frank, at his family’s table
text: now, watches them, a more-than-a-little-concerned look on
text: his face, though Peggy, noticing it, can’t imagine why.
scene_heading: INT. ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY - DAY - 2000
text: The same concerned look on Frank’s face here. Then -
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The wedding was all well and
dialog: good, but the real point of our
dialog: trip to Detroit was a peace
dialog: mission.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - OHIO - DAY - 1975
text: An attendant checks the oil. The women are buying
text: cigarettes from a machine while Russell buys some candy
text: from another. Frank’s making a call in a phone booth.
text: INTERCUT with Jimmy at his Lake Orion house outside
dialog: Detroit.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m with the old man. We’re
dialog: driving up. He hopes this thing
dialog: can be worked out.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: What’d he say?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He said let’s work this thing
text: out. Sit down after the wedding
dialog: and work it out.
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I’m not going to the wedding.
dialog: Too many people I don’t like are
dialog: going to be there.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We could do it at your place if
dialog: you want.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: At the lake, huh.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Or anywhere.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: From day one I wanted to work
dialog: this out.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: From day fucking one.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Just you two, right? Not the
dialog: Little Guy.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Of course the Little Guy.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: No. Just the three of us.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: There’s no point just the three of
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I’m not sitting down with that
dialog: cocksucker.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's time to sit down, Jimmy.
dialog: Everybody says so.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Not with him.
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You’re making me work hard.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Just us.
text: Jimmy hangs up. Frank lets himself out of the booth.
text: Russell comes over unwrapping a candy bar.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: What’d he say?
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: He’s thinking about it.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: That’s good. That’s progress.
dialog: You want half of this Milky Way?
scene_heading: EXT/INT. HOWARD JOHNSON’S - OHIO - DAY - 1975
text: The Sheerans and Bufalinos checking into a Howard
dialog: Johnson's motel.
scene_heading: INT. HOWARD JOHNSON’S - OHIO - LATER - DAY - 1975
text: Russell hangs up a pay phone and crosses a patio past
text: Irene and Carrie wading in the pool with swimming caps on
text: to where Frank’s at a patio table with a Tab, sits.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: You should give Jimmy another
dialog: call, don’t you think? See if
dialog: he’s thought about it.
scene_heading: INT. HOWARD JOHNSON’S - OHIO - LATER - DAY - 1975
text: Frank on the same pay phone near the pool Russell was on,
text: again INTERCUT with Jimmy at his Lake Orion house -
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: When you getting in?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tomorrow morning.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Good. I changed my mind about
dialog: the other thing.
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: I’m meeting with the Little Guy
dialog: tomorrow afternoon.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: With the Little Guy.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Tony Jack set it up.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: With the Little Guy. Where?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: In public, where do you think.
dialog: The Red Fox. On Telegraph. You
dialog: know it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tony Jack is Pro’s cousin.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: They’re all fucking cousins,
dialog: what are you going to do. But
dialog: Jack's okay. I talked with him
dialog: several times after the Fiasco-In-
dialog: Miami.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'd feel better if I was there.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: So would I, that’s why I asked
dialog: when you're getting in.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What time’s the meeting?
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: 2:30, and he better not be late.
dialog: Or wearing fuckin shorts.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The Red Fox.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: On Telegraph. I’11 be there at 2.
dialog: So you should be there at 2.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’‘ll be there at 2.
dialog: 111
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Good.
text: Jimmy hangs up. Frank hangs up, a little puzzled about
text: Jimmy's change of heart. Walks back to the patio table.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: What’d he say?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He’s going to meet with Pro.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: That’s good.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tony Jack arranged it.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: That’s good.
dialog: And that’s it. No other comment. Which Frank finds a
dialog: little odd after all that’s gone on with this.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Maybe Jimmy was counting on Pro
dialog: to act like Pro so Tony Jack could
dialog: see Jimmy being reasonable and Pro
dialog: being unreasonable like in Miami,
dialog: and tell Salerno.
scene_heading: INT. HOWARD JOHNSON’S MOTEL ROOM - EVENING - 1975
text: Frank and Irene change into something nice for dinner,
dialog: like people used to do.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Or maybe this wedding really was
dialog: bringing everybody together.
text: There’s a knock on the door. Russell and Carrie -
text: dressed nicely, too - Russell holding the bag with a
text: loaf of prosciutto bread in it. As they all leave -
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Whatever it was, you’d think
dialog: Russell would’ve asked when the
dialog: meeting was, where it was, whether
dialog: he was supposed to come or not.
dialog: Something.
text: The door closes. We remain in the empty motel room.
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: But he didn’t ask anything.
scene_heading: INT. ITALIAN RESTAURANT - OHIO - NIGHT - 1975
text: Carrie and Irene sit alone at the best table in the
dialog: restaurant, sipping cocktails and smoking like you used
dialog: to be able to do.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT KITCHEN - SAME TIME - 1975
text: Russell, who owns the place, or part of it, prepares
text: his special salad dressing in the restaurant’s kitchen,
text: mixing olive oil, balsamic and ginger root, the loaf of
text: prosciutto bread next to it.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: By the way, we got a little
dialog: change in plans. We’re going to
dialog: hang around here tomorrow morning
text: and drive up in the afternoon.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I told Jimmy we'd be there in
dialog: the morning.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That I’d be at the meeting with
dialog: him and Pro.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I know.
text: Frank does okay not showing it, but is reeling from
text: Russell telling him he’s not going to let him be with
text: Jimmy at the meeting.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: We did all we could for the man,
dialog: Cheech.
text: Russell looks to Frank for a nod that he understands,
text: but Frank doesn’t nod. Russell swirls the salad dressing
text: in the jar around and dips a finger in to taste it.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Don’t call him.
scene_heading: INT. HOWARD JOHNSON’S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT - 1975
text: Frank lies awake in bed next to his sleeping wife,
text: staring at the phone on the night stand next to him.
scene_heading: INT. HOWARD JOHNSON’S LOBBY - EARLY MORNING —
dialog: 113
text: Frank comes down to the breakfast room. Russell is the
text: only other guest there this early, filling a plastic bowl
text: from an individual-serving box of cornflakes.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Morning.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: How'd you sleep?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Want some Total?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Okay.
text: Russell prepares him a bowlful.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: We’re going up to Port Clinton
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I thought we were staying here.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: The women are staying here. We
dialog: won't be gone long. Three hours
dialog: tops.
text: They sit with their cornflakes. Russell eats his.
text: lets his get soggy.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What’s in Port Clinton?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
text: A plane.
dialog: Frank
dialog: 114
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: A plane.
dialog: (Russell nods)
dialog: To where?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Detroit.
text: This isn’t making any sense to Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We’re going to Detroit now?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: You’re going to Detroit now.
dialog: Then you're coming back. Then
dialog: we'll take our time driving up
dialog: there. Nice leisurely drive.
dialog: And fuckin cigarette breaks.
text: Frank has no idea what he’s talking about, but doesn’t
dialog: like it, whatever it is.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: I got to put you into the thing,
dialog: Frank. Otherwise you'd never let
dialog: it happen. And it’s gonna happen.
text: Russell looks at Frank like a father to a son.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Either way, Jimmy will be gone,
dialog: but this way, and it’s only out of
dialog: respect for me they agreed to it
dialog: by the way, everything will be
dialog: okay for you and Irene, because
dialog: you’re with me.
text: He eats his cornflakes.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN - MOVING - HIGHWAY 80, OHIO - DAY - 1975
text: As Frank drives, Russell sits in the passenger seat
text: looking placidly out at the scenery through his thick
dialog: glasses.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRSTRIP - PORT CLINTON - OHIO - DAY - 1975
text: They drive onto a grass airstrip on the edge of Lake
text: Erie where a small plane waits. Frank parks, shuts it
text: off, leaves the keys in the ignition, gets out. Russell
text: stays in the car.
dialog: 115
text: Frank climbs the steps of the plane and sits in one of
text: its six seats. The pilot closes the door without looking
text: at him and returns to the cockpit. As the plane begins
text: to taxi, Frank looks out the window at the Lincoln.
scene_heading: EXT. MICHIGAN - DAY - 1975
text: The plane descends over the north shore of Lake Erie.
text: Lands on the Pontiac Airfield.
text: The pilot lowers the steps and Frank climbs out and walks
text: to a parked Ford that’s empty. He gets in, finds its
text: keys under the mat, starts it up.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. FORD - MICHIGAN - MOVING - DAY - 1975
text: Frank drives along Telegraph Road. Opens the glove
text: compartment, notes the little .22 in it, closes it, sees
text: Machus Red Fox restaurant up ahead, checks the gold watch
dialog: Jimmy presented him with at the Latin Club: 2:05.
text: As he passes the Red Fox, he can see Jimmy sitting in his
text: green Pontiac in the lot.
scene_heading: INT. HOFFA’S CAR - PARKED - SAME TIME - 1975
text: Jimmy doesn’t notice the Ford pass by. He’s looking at
text: his own watch, and beginning to get annoyed Frank is five
text: minutes late.
scene_heading: EXT. PONTIAC, MICHIGAN - DAY - 1975
text: Frank makes a left onto Seven Mile Road. Drives across a
text: railroad bridge. Then down a residential street with old
text: modest houses on half acre lots.
text: He checks an address scribbled on a Howard Johnson's
text: napkin. Pulls over and regards a brick-and-shingled
dialog: house.
text: He notes a Buick parked at the end of a single-lane
text: driveway running alongside the house. Opens the glove
text: box and takes out the .22.
text: He gets out of the car, shoves the pistol in his back
text: waist-band under his jacket, climbs the steps of the
text: house and opens the unlocked front door -
dialog: 116
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - PONTIAC - CONTINUOUS - 1975
text: A man on his hands and knees looks up at Frank through
dialog: Coke-bottle glasses.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: Hi, Frank.
text: Sally has a matte-knife in his hand and uses it to cut
text: some linoleum he’s laying out on top of the wood floor of
dialog: the entry.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sally.
text: Frank surveys the entry. Then walks into the adjacent
text: living room, glimpsing as he goes two young Italian guys
text: in the kitchen down the hall, playing cards. Sally Bugs
text: comes over, parts the living room blinds and looks out.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
text: Chuckie’s late.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Jimmy’s son Chuckie, his foster
dialog: son, he was in the thing, too, but
dialog: didn’t know it.
text: Sally Bugs sees a car pulling to the curb.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: Is that him?
text: It's a maroon Mercury Marquis with just the driver in it.
text: Frank nods.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: All Chuckie knew, he was picking
dialog: up one of Pro’s guys and me and we
dialog: were all picking up his dad at the
text: Red Fox for a meeting.
text: Chuckie gets out of the car. Leans against the car,
text: waiting, wearing a wide-collared paisley shirt and gold
dialog: chains.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: He was in it, as you say,
dialog: stupidly.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - PONTIAC - MOMENTS LATER - 1975
dialog: 117
text: Frank and Sally Bugs come out of the house and approach
dialog: the Mercury.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: I’m Sally.
speaker_heading: CHUCKIE
dialog: Hi. Hi, Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Chuckie.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: Let’s go. I don’t want your
dialog: father yelling at me for being
dialog: late. You can sit in front,
dialog: Frank.
dialog: Frank doesn’t want to sit in front. Sally Bugs, we may
dialog: recall, strangled that poor Teamster Treasurer in a front
text: seat. But Sally already has the car’s back door open and
text: is sliding in.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: The fuck is this?
speaker_heading: CHUCKIE
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: It’s wet back here.
speaker_heading: CHUCKIE
dialog: I had a frozen fish I had to drop
text: off to someone.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
text: A fish? The seat is wet from a
dialog: fish?
speaker_heading: CHUCKIE
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’1l sit back there.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: No, no, no, it’s all right, you
dialog: take the front.
dialog: 118
text: As Frank reluctantly climbs into the front passenger
text: seat, Sally Bugs lays his handkerchief on the back seat
text: and sits on it.
scene_heading: INT. MERCURY - MOVING - DAY - 1975
text: Chuckie makes a right off Seven Mile Road onto Telegraph.
text: Frank is still uneasy, concerned Sally might strangle him
text: from behind.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: What kind of fish.
speaker_heading: CHUCKIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: What kind of fish.
speaker_heading: CHUCKIE
dialog: I don’t know. A fish. To eat.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: You don’t know what kind?
speaker_heading: CHUCKIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: Where'd you get it?
speaker_heading: CHUCKIE
text: At a fish place.
text: Frank checks his watch. It’s 2:40.
scene_heading: EXT. MACHUS RED FOX RESTAURANT - DAY - 1975
text: Jimmy hangs up a pay phone behind the restaurant and
text: heads for his Pontiac. Wearing a polo shirt and slacks
text: there’s no way he’s carrying a piece. The Mercury honks.
text: Jimmy stares at it a moment, then comes over.
speaker_heading: CHUCKIE
dialog: Sorry I’m late.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Late? What the fuck you even
dialog: doing here? Who invited you?
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: Hi, Jimmy.
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Who the fuck are you?
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: I’m with Pro.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You're with Pro. You’re with this
dialog: cocksucker who’s late again? I’m
dialog: not waiting for this cocksucker
dialog: again. He was supposed to be here
dialog: at 2:30. It’s 2:40. I don’t wait
dialog: for anybody more than ten minutes.
dialog: Mother fucking cocksucker.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
text: He’s at the house.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: What house?
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
text: He’s with Russ.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: He’s with Russ ... What the fuck
dialog: is going on here?
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: Look who’s here.
text: Jimmy leans down to see who’s in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hi, Jimmy.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Frank. What the fuck’s going on
dialog: here? Where were you? You were
dialog: supposed to be here at two. What
dialog: is this?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Russell decided to come. But not
dialog: here. He doesn’t know the place.
dialog: It’s not comfortable for him.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: McGee is here? In Detroit?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: To help straighten all this out.
text: That changes things. Jimmy relaxes a little.
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: We'll bring you back after to get
dialog: your car.
text: Sally Bugs pushes open the back door for Jimmy to get in
text: and the motion slows down -
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: No way in a million years Jimmy
dialog: would ever get in a car with one
dialog: of Pro’s guys in it ... unless I
dialog: was in it, too. Which is why I
dialog: was in it. I made it safe.
text: The motion returns to normal as Sally Bugs taps the seat
text: next to him.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: There was a fish in here, but I
dialog: cleaned it up.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: Chuckie had a fuckin fish in
dialog: here, he doesn’t even know what
dialog: kind, but it’s okay now, I wiped
dialog: it up.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You put a fish in here? In your
dialog: car?
speaker_heading: CHUCKIE
dialog: For Bobby Holmes. Bobby likes
dialog: fish.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: I cleaned it up, Jimmy. It’s all
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You cleaned it up, the fuck you
dialog: know about fish? You ever caught
dialog: a fucking fish in your life?
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Then you don’t know.
dialog: 121
text: Jimmy glances off to his own car, then back to Frank
dialog: again as if to say, Promise me this is okay.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It’s all right.
text: Frank nods.
text: Jimmy finally gets into the back seat next to Sally.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Chuckie, never put a fish in
dialog: your car, you’ll never get the
dialog: smell out. Unless it’s wrapped
dialog: up good.
speaker_heading: CHUCKIE
dialog: I know.
text: The Mercury pulls out of the lot.
scene_heading: INT. CHUCKIE’S MERCURY - MOVING - DAY - 1975
text: The Mercury drives the same route Frank took earlier.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Frank. You couldn’t come by at
dialog: 2:00 and tell me this? I had to
dialog: wait there forty minutes like a
dialog: fuckin moron?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I came as soon as I got in.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You got in this morning.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No. Russell had some business in
dialog: Port Clinton this morning.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: This morning. Okay. But it’s
dialog: this afternoon. All due respect
dialog: to Russ but nobody could come over
dialog: at 2:00 and tell me it was 2:30?
dialog: 2:40? At the very least?
dialog: (like Sally’s not there)
dialog: And who the fuck is Pro sending a
dialog: fucking errand boy.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sally’s not staying.
dialog: 122
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: That’s right he’s not staying.
dialog: But Pro sent him is the point I’m
dialog: making, when he should've come
dialog: picked me up himself.
dialog: (to Sally)
dialog: Can you even see out those
dialog: glasses?
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: I can see, Jimmy.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - PONTIAC - CONTINUOUS - 1975
text: The Mercury pulls into the driveway behind the Buick and
text: the Ford and idles. Jimmy and Frank get out. Sally Bugs
text: comes around and gets into the passenger seat.
text: As Chuckie backs the car out, Jimmy and Frank head for
dialog: the house. Jimmy - as he always does with whoever he’s
text: with - walks ahead.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: You got your friend with you?
text: Glancing back, he sees Frank touch the small of his back.
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Good. You never know with this
dialog: cocksucker, with or without Russ
dialog: there.
text: He opens the front door and -
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - PONTIAC - CONTINUOUS - 1975
text: As soon as he’s inside, Jimmy knows there’s a problem.
text: He should hear voices - but it’s quiet. And there’s no
text: one in the living room, which he can see from here in the
text: entry. And there’s this badly-cut piece of linoleum
text: under his feet.
text: The motion slows to a stop.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: He knew right away what it was.
scene_heading: FIVE QUICK VIGNETTES (1975):
text: A flurry of feathers: Tony Pro with his racing pigeons
text: on the roof of Union Hall in New Jersey -
dialog: 123
text: A Yankees game on a TV: Tony Salerno watching it in the
dialog: Palma Boys Social Club in East Harlem -
text: A golf ball chipped out of a sand trap: Fitz and Nixon
text: on a golf course in San Clemente -
text: Frank's Lincoln: Russell napping in the parked car on
dialog: the Port Clinton airstrip -
text: Reflections in the Howard Johnson's pool. Irene and
text: Carrie next to it on chaise lounges, smoking cigarettes -
dialog: Maybe putting suntan lotion on each other.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Just not my part of it.
scene_heading: BACK TO THE HOUSE - THE IMAGE UNFREEZING - 1975
speaker_heading: HOFFA
dialog: Let’s get out of here, Frank.
text: As Jimmy bumps past Frank to leave, grasping the knob of
text: the door Frank just closed, Frank shoots him twice behind
text: his right ear.
text: He slumps to the floor. Blood runs onto the temporary
text: linoleum. Frank glances down the hall to see if someone
dialog: is going to come kill him now - which wouldn’t surprise
text: him - but no one appears.
text: Frank tries to open the front door but Jimmy’s body is
text: against it. He gently tugs Jimmy away from it, gets it
text: open, wipes the .22 with a handkerchief and sets it on
text: Jimmy, wipes the door knob, and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT CLINTON AIRSTRIP - LATER - DAY - 1975
text: The plane lands, taxis to a stop. The pilot, again
text: careful not to look at Frank, lowers the steps. Frank
text: comes down them and crosses to the Lincoln, where Russell
text: is napping.
text: Frank climbs in, shuts the door. Russell wakes at the
text: sound of it. Just by looking at Frank, he can tell the
text: little errand in Detroit has been taken care of.
text: Frank starts the car and they drive off to pick up their
dialog: wives at the Howard Johnson's.
dialog: 124
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DETROIT - NEXT DAY - 1975
dialog: Teamster lawyer Bill Bufalino - who represented Frank
dialog: against the meat packing company long ago - and Hoffa in
text: Nashville - escorts his daughter down the aisle.
text: The church is packed with friends and relatives of the
text: bride and groom, union and mob guys, Russell and Carrie
text: with Frank and Irene. Frank just stares straight ahead.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S HOUSE - PHILADELPHIA - DAY - 1975
text: A TV broadcasts a news report on Hoffa’s disappearance.
text: He’s been missing a couple days now. Frank comes in from
text: outside, takes his coat off, regards the TV and his wife
text: and daughters who are watching it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Still no word?
text: Irene shakes her head no. Frank pours himself a drink.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I should call Jo.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: You haven’t called her yet?
text: Frank shakes his head no. Irene turns back to the TV
text: report. Peggy doesn’t. She studies her father.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Why.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Why what.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Why haven’t you called her.
text: The image of the family slows ...
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Maybe it was I looked hard
dialog: instead of worried. Or that I
dialog: should have been rushing out to
dialog: hurt somebody, and wasn’t.
dialog: Whatever it was, she knew.
text: The image returns to normal.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’1l call her now.
dialog: 125
text: Peggy watches her father turn and head upstairs.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: She stopped talking to me that
dialog: day. August 3rd, 1975.
scene_heading: INT. ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY - DAY - 2000
text: Frank looks as thoughtful and concerned as he ever has.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: She’s got a good job and lives
dialog: outside Philly now but my daughter
dialog: Peggy disappeared from my life
dialog: that day.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S HOUSE - DAY - 1975
text: Alone in his bedroom, Frank sits on the edge of his bed
text: dialing a phone. He can hear the report from downstairs
dialog: faintly up here as people who know nothing theorize about
text: the disappearance. The call connects.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Jo? It’s Frank.
dialog: (listens, nods)
dialog: Whatever you need, anything I can
dialog: do, I’m here.
text: She’s crying now. He puts the receiver to his head like
text: it’s a gun ... then back to his ear.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It’s gonna be all right. I’m
dialog: sure he’s all right.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - PONTIAC, MICHIGAN - FOUR NIGHTS BEFORE
text: The two Italians who were playing cards in the kitchen
text: carry the body, in a body bag, out the back door and dump
text: it in the trunk of the Buick. They toss in the bloody
text: linoleum and .22 pistol.
scene_heading: EXT. FUNERAL PARLOR - PONTIAC - FOUR NIGHTS BEFORE
text: They lift the body from the trunk and carry it to the
text: back door of a funeral parlor.
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Anybody that says Jimmy was
text: shipped in a 55-gallon drum to a
dialog: dump in New Jersey or to the end
dialog: zone in Giants Stadium never had a
text: body on their hands.
scene_heading: INT. CREMATORY - PONTIAC - FOUR NIGHTS BEFORE
text: They put Jimmy’s body in a cardboard coffin into a
text: cremation oven. Toss in the linoleum and the empty .22.
text: The gas jets burn so hot they turn everything to ash -
text: bones, teeth - even melting the pistol and Jimmy’s watch
text: and wedding ring - and the spent bullets in his head.
text: The furnace finishes. The cinders of the coffin have
text: fallen away to reveal the form of an ashy body, like at
dialog: Pompeii.
text: The two Italians poke at it with rubber-gloved hands,
text: reducing it to gritty sand-like ashes.
scene_heading: INT. ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY - DAY - 2000
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It was no more complicated than
dialog: that.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND JURY COURTROOM - DAY - 1976
text: Frank is being questioned by an Assistant U.S. Attorney.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Everybody who ever had anything
dialog: to do with Jimmy was hauled in and
dialog: questioned. And everybody took
dialog: the Fifth, which is what you do.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: On the advice of counsel, I
text: respectfully decline to answer
dialog: that question under the protection
dialog: afforded me by the Constitution,
dialog: on the grounds that my answer
dialog: might tend to incriminate me.
scene_heading: ASST. U.S. ATTORNEY
dialog: Let me ask you this: What color is
dialog: my pen?
dialog: 127
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: On the advice of counsel, I
dialog: respectfully decline to -
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE - DAY - 1976
text: Frank and his lawyer head for the back exit.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Still, everybody got indicted
dialog: and convicted of one thing or
dialog: another, just not for that.
dialog: Nobody, as you know, even went to
dialog: jail for that. And nobody talked.
dialog: Which is unusual since usually
dialog: three people can keep a secret
dialog: only when two are dead.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE IN PONTIAC - DAY - FLASHBACK - 1975
text: The two Italians playing cards in the kitchen -
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Bruno Denzetta and Marco Rossi got
dialog: twenty years for squeezing cash
text: out of a trucking company in
dialog: exchange for labor peace.
scene_heading: INT. ATTICA PRISON - DAY - 1979
text: Tony Pro walks down a cell block with other inmates -
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Pro was convicted with them, but
dialog: he was already back in school for
dialog: that other matter I mentioned
dialog: before -
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MOVING - DAY - FLASHBACK - 1961
text: The man in the passenger seat finds the radio station he
text: wants and sits back.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: That poor union Treasurer Tony
dialog: Three Fingers who got more votes
dialog: than Pro, which they finally got
dialog: Pro on.
dialog: 128
text: As the nylon rope loops around the guy’s neck to strangle
text: him, Coke bottle glasses on a face come into frame.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Sally Bugs, you recall, did that
dialog: one.
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL BUILDING - DAY - 1978
text: From far away, someone watches Sally Bugs walk from his
text: car to the building.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: One day he was seen walking into
dialog: the Federal building.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA DI ROMA - NIGHT - 1978
text: Russell and Frank sitting together at the usual table.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: That by itself isn’t a crime.
dialog: Everybody gets called in there
dialog: sometime. But Sally - who knows
dialog: better - didn’t tell nobody about it.
dialog: Not a word to anybody. And then, you
dialog: know, between one thing and another,
dialog: it meant one thing: He wasn’t going
dialog: in there for lunch.
text: Frank nods. He knows he’s just been told what to do by
dialog: not being told not to do it.
scene_heading: EXT. LITTLE ITALY - NEW YORK - NIGHT - 1978
text: Sally comes out of the Andrea Doria Social Club on
text: Mulberry Street. Frank and John Francis walk up to him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hi, Sal.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUGS
dialog: Hi, Frank.
text: Sally looks at John Francis, who he doesn’t know. As
text: he waits for an introduction, Frank shoots him twice in
text: the head - one of the bullets shattering a lens of his
text: thick glasses. He hits the ground and John Francis fires
text: three shots into Sally’s belly. As they walk away -
dialog: 129
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: It turns out Sally did tell
dialog: somebody he had to go in there.
dialog: They just forgot to tell somebody
dialog: else. So it was a bad hit.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATING ROOM - DAY - 1978
text: Tony Salerno on a surgical table getting a colonoscopy.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Fat Tony Salerno they got on an
dialog: income tax thing. A little while
dialog: after he was diagnosed with
dialog: prostate cancer.
scene_heading: INT. VESUVIO - DAY - 1976
text: Russell having what seems to be a normal conversation
text: with another man at a table, Jimmy The Weasel Fratianno.
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: You know there’s a pork store in
dialog: Walnut Creek, California, Jimmy.
dialog: It's right near where you live.
dialog: You ever go there?
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Russell got hooked for telling
text: Jimmy “The Weasel” to strangle
dialog: Jack Napoli over 25 grand of
dialog: jewelry Jack took on credit and
dialog: never paid for.
scene_heading: EXT. PENN DRAPE & CURTAINS - DAY - 1976
text: Russell is escorted out in cuffs by federal agents.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
text: Only The Weasel flipped. They
dialog: called it Conspiracy to Killa
dialog: Witness, though it was Napoli who
text: was clearly in the wrong.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR WASH - DAY - 1978
text: The conveyor draws a 1978 black Lincoln Continental into
text: the car wash tunnel. Overhead nozzles turn on and spray
text: the car with water.
dialog: 130
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY - 1980
text: Frank, hand raised, being sworn in.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: They brought me up on bribery
dialog: and labor racketeering charges and
dialog: some other things -
text: A title appears: Murder, Attempted Murder, Intimidation,
dialog: Embezzlement, Arson
text: Frank in the witness box where he’s been for awhile.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m going to say to you one time,
dialog: I’ve listened to you, now you
dialog: listen to me. I’ve worked for 44
dialog: years, and I never took one dime
dialog: illegal off Boffa or nobody else.
dialog: What you think don’t interest me.
dialog: All I know is I paid him. What he
dialog: does with the money is his
dialog: business.
scene_heading: EXT. CRANE COMPANY - MARYLAND - NIGHT - 1977
text: Silhouettes of some building cranes and other heavy
text: equipment against the night sky outside Baltimore.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: But all they got me for was
text: blowing up the office of a crane
dialog: company that fired two of my shop
dialog: stewards for no good reason -
text: The place blows up.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: And for my Lincoln.
scene_heading: INT. CAR WASH - DAY - CONTINUED - 1978
text: Frank's car inches through the car wash covered in suds.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: I bought it from Eugene Boffa,
dialog: who leased truck drivers to
dialog: freight companies and paid them
dialog: substandard wages, skimming the
dialog: difference.
dialog: 131
text: Frank peers through soapy windows of the car wash at
text: his Lincoln as leather tongues shimmy and sway and push
text: the suds around.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: They said I paid under-market
dialog: value for the car, and I had no
dialog: receipts to prove otherwise. They
dialog: said the car was a bribe to let
dialog: Boffa continue to pay his non-
dialog: union wages.
text: Frank watches the Lincoln as spray-hoses rinse it and the
text: dryer blowers switch on.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: I loved that car, but it wasn’t
dialog: worth the eighteen years they gave
dialog: me for it.
scene_heading: EXT. SPRINGFIELD PRISON - DAY - 1991
text: A prison set down amidst bare trees in Missouri.
scene_heading: EXT. SPRINGFIELD PRISON - DAY - 1991
text: Bundled up against the cold, Russell, Salerno and some
text: other old inmates in wheelchairs roll bocce balls on a
text: snow-patched fenced-in rooftop exercise yard.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Russell had a stroke. Fat Tony
dialog: Salerno couldn’t control his urine
dialog: anymore. My arthritis that
dialog: started in the foxholes of Anzio
text: was eating at my lower back now,
dialog: and I couldn’t feel much in my
dialog: feet neither. I needed a cane,
dialog: but they won’t give you a cane in
dialog: prison since you could use it as a
dialog: weapon. Neurontin helped a little
dialog: but it also makes you loopy.
text: Frank, who’s getting no younger himself, watches from the
dialog: sidelines.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: We were all falling apart in the
dialog: freezing fucking cold.
dialog: 132
scene_heading: INT. SPRINGFIELD PRISON CAFETERIA - DAY - 1991
text: Frank comes in with a paper bag, limps across the
text: cafeteria, sits with Russell. Seeing the bag -
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: You got it.
text: Frank nods. Takes grape juice and prosciutto bread from
text: the bag and begins breaking it into pieces. Eventually -
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Jimmy was a nice man. Nice
dialog: family. I didn’t want it to go
dialog: that far.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I know.
text: Frank pours two glasses of grape juice. Russell's hand
text: tremors a bit as he dips a piece of bread in the juice.
scene_heading: EXT. SPRINGFIELD PRISON - DAY - 1991
text: Frank comes out to the exercise yard as Russell in his
text: wheelchair is being pushed by another inmate the other
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: To church.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: To what?
speaker_heading: BUFALINO
dialog: Don’t laugh, my friend, you'll go
dialog: too, the time comes.
text: Frank watches Russell as his wheelchair rolls along the
text: frozen ground.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: Russell went to church. Then
dialog: he went to the prison hospital.
dialog: Then he went to the graveyard.
dialog: 133
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - YEADON, PA - DAY - 1995
text: The number of people in attendance seems too small for
text: someone of Russell’s stature, which makes sense since it
dialog: isn’t his funeral.
speaker_heading: FRANK V/O
dialog: I got out that October. Irene
dialog: died in December. December 23rd.
dialog: Lung cancer. No surprise.
text: Frank stands at his wife’s grave with three of his
text: grown daughters, supporting himself on two aluminum canes
text: like a polio victim.
text: Peggy's there, too, but stands apart from her sisters and
text: father. He looks at her, but she won’t look at him.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK’S HOUSE - THAT NIGHT - 1995
text: Frank moves around the house on his canes, emptying
text: ashtrays of butts with his wife’s lipstick marks on the
dialog: filters.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK’S HOUSE - ANOTHER DAY - 1996
text: He sits in a chair in front of a TV he’s not watching,
dialog: drinking wine alone.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK’S HOUSE - ANOTHER DAY - 1996
text: He fills a plastic container marked with the days of the
text: week with dozens of pills, gets confused and starts over.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S HOUSE - NIGHT - 1998
text: He comes past in his pajamas to go to the bathroom,
text: negotiating a dark hallway on his canes. Trips and falls
dialog: and can’t get up.
scene_heading: INT. ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY - LOUNGE ROOM - DAY - 1998
text: The elderly men and women, dotting the rec room like
text: checkers on an abandoned board, playing cards and dominoes
dialog: and Candyland.
text: Frank sits apart from them in a wheelchair, the white
text: shirt, the gold watch, the gold ring, his eyes hidden
text: behind the aviator sunglasses.
dialog: 134
text: He’s been here for months. And no one but him is
text: watching the TV with the sound down low: Images of the
text: war in Kosovo. Bombs. Carnage. Death.
scene_heading: EXT. BANK - OUTSIDE PHILLY - DAY - 2000
text: An orderly assists Frank as he struggles out of a car
text: with his aluminum canes.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I got it. I’m fine. You stay
dialog: here.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - DAY - 2000
text: He comes in on his canes. Stands in a short line.
text: Looks around like he’s casing the place. Makes it to
text: the front, but lets someone go ahead of him so he can
dialog: wait for a particular window.
text: The customer there leaves and he starts toward it. The
text: teller, his daughter Peggy, sees him coming and puts her
text: “closed” sign up before he gets there.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Peggy, don’t. I just want to
dialog: talk to you.
text: She walks away from the counter toward the back. Goes
text: through a door and closes it. The other customers look
dialog: at Frank.
scene_heading: EXT. DOLORES’S HOUSE - PHILLY - DAY - 2000
text: The orderly’s car, parked outside a small house. He
text: leans against it, smoking a cigarette.
scene_heading: INT. DOLORES’S HOUSE - PHILLY - DAY - 2000
text: Frank sits with one of his other daughters - Dolores -
text: now in her 40s.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: What do you want me to do about
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Call her. Tell her I want to talk
dialog: to her.
dialog: 135
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Talk to her and tell her what?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I want to tell her I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: For?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I know I wasn’t such a good
dialog: father. I tried to be. I tried
dialog: to protect her. All of you.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: From what?
text: Now that he thinks about it, he’s not sure what.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: You have no idea what it was
dialog: like for us. We couldn’t come to
dialog: you with a problem because of what
dialog: you'd do. We couldn’t go to you
dialog: for protection because of the
dialog: terrible things you'd do.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: But I was just trying to keep you
dialog: from getting hurt.
text: Dolores regards him a moment. He looks helpless.
dialog: Hapless. Hopeless. Eventually -
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: No. No. You weren’t a bad father.
text: That's what he wants to hear, but by itself, it seems
dialog: qualified, which it is.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: We were just afraid of you.
scene_heading: INT. CASKET STORE - ANOTHER DAY - 2000
dialog: They build them and sell them here. It’s more like a
text: workshop inside a warehouse. The salesman used to be a
text: rock and roll promoter, but now he does this, wearing a
text: porkpie hat.
dialog: 136
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: I could sell you something for
dialog: a lot of money but I’1l be honest
dialog: with you: It makes no sense going
dialog: with anything more expensive than
dialog: particle board for cremation.
dialog: Will it be cremation?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Burial.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Okay, that’s going to be more.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That’s okay.
text: Frank surveys the rows of caskets from his wheelchair,
text: the orderly by his side.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Is it for a man or a woman?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It’s for me.
text: His eyes settle on a metal one, green as the green on the
dialog: Irish flag.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That one.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLY CROSS CEMETERY - DAY - 2000
text: The orderly again waits for Frank outside, smoking
text: another cigarette, idly looking off at a backhoe digging
text: a grave. He notices a parked black car. Two men in it.
text: Just sitting.
scene_heading: INT. HOLY CROSS CEMETERY - DAY - 2000
text: A marble wall of mausoleum crypts. Most - the good
text: ones at eye-level or thereabouts - have names on them. A
text: few - the undesirably-placed available ones - are bare.
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC)
dialog: We're all terminal. And sooner or
dialog: later. Everybody put here has a
dialog: date when he’s gonna go. And I
dialog: think... it could be... there's
dialog: gotta be something somewhere.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 137
speaker_heading: FRANK (IN SYNC) (CONT'D)
dialog: There's gotta be something when
dialog: you go cause how the hell did this
dialog: whole thing start? What they
dialog: taught you as a kid? People
dialog: smarter than me can't figure it
dialog: out. But there's gotta be
dialog: something to it. So if there's
dialog: something good... if it is... I
dialog: want a shot at it. That’s why I
dialog: would never go for cremation. It's
dialog: so final. That’s the hardest part
dialog: of anybody when they bury is when
text: they go into the ground. Because
dialog: it's so final. You know what I
dialog: mean? If you go into a building.
dialog: The building's there. Your crypt
dialog: is there. It has to be a metal
dialog: casket and they have you in the
dialog: room. And all that there. It's
dialog: just not as final - you're dead -
dialog: but it's not as final.
text: Frank stands before them, considering them. There’s no
dialog: good choice - or bad choice for that matter. A girl from
text: the office with a diagram on a clipboard waits for him to
text: decide. Doesn’t rush him. Finally, he points.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That one, I guess.
scene_heading: EXT. ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY - DAY - 2000
text: The same black car from the cemetery parked here now.
text: The two men who were in it - young FBI agents - sit with
text: Frank on the porch of the building. He actually seems
dialog: fine having them here. At least they’re visitors.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m sorry but I have to direct
dialog: you to my attorney Mr. Ragano if
dialog: you want to talk about Mr. Hoffa -
dialog: or any other matter for that
dialog: Matter. I got nothing new to say.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
text: He’s dead.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Who’s dead?
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: Your attorney, Mr. Ragano.
dialog: 138
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He's dead? Who did it?
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: Cancer.
dialog: Frank didn’t know.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: Everybody's dead, Mr. Sheeran.
dialog: Russell, Angelo, Salerno, Pro,
dialog: Dorfman, Sal Briguglio. But Mr.
text: Hoffa’s children aren’t dead.
dialog: They live with not knowing, and
dialog: that’s hard to do. You have
dialog: children. You know. It’s time to
dialog: say what happened.
text: Frank actually seems like he might be thinking about
dialog: telling them. But then -
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You seem like nice fellas. And
dialog: I appreciate you coming to see me.
dialog: But I can’t help you.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY - DAY - 2000
text: Frank sits in his wheelchair in the chapel of the
text: assisted living facility, a few faded snapshots in his
dialog: lap.
text: He slowly runs a hand through his hair as he looks at a
text: snapshot of himself with Russell. Eventually - we see
text: that there’s a young priest with him.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Do you still remember the Hail
dialog: Mary and Our Father?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Say it. See if I do.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Try it.
dialog: (Frank hesitates)
dialog: Should I say it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You say it then (I'll follow) -
dialog: 139
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Well if you say it, I’1l know
dialog: whether you remember.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I go so far - “Hail Mary full of
dialog: grace, Our Lord is with thee -
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: (prompting)
dialog: Blessed art thou -
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: - amongst women -- That’s about as
dialog: far as I go.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You want me to say it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah, why don’t you.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Hail Mary, full of grace. / The
dialog: Lord is with thee / Blessed art
dialog: thou among women / And blessed is
dialog: the fruit of thy womb, Jesus -
text: Frank joins in the prayer, saying it along with the
dialog: Priest.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: FRANK AND PRIEST
dialog: - Holy Mary, Mother of God / Pray
dialog: for us sinners / Now and at the
dialog: hour of our death. Amen.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well, I say what I know - forgive
dialog: me for not knowing the other half.
dialog: The intention is there.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You feel nothing for what you did -
dialog: (the killings)? [Contrition talk]
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You don’t feel anything?
dialog: 140
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I know you’re supposed to feel
dialog: something. But I guess the fact
dialog: that I’m here talking to you -
dialog: that’s something... I guess. It’s
dialog: a different world where I’m from.
dialog: There are things you have to do.
dialog: That's the life you’re in. You
dialog: give your word. You do the wrong
dialog: thing you gotta pay - You don’t
dialog: know...
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: So you don’t feel anything?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, they deserved it.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You feel no remorse.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Water under the dam.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Nothing for their families.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I didn’t know their families.
dialog: Except one...
text: Silence as Frank regards the photo that’s now on top in
text: his hands: One of Jimmy and Frank taken at Frank Sheeran
dialog: Appreciation Night.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Did I have any choice?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: If you had a choice, would you
dialog: have done the same thing?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Let’s put it this way, if I didn’t
dialog: do it, nothing was gonna change.
dialog: They would've done it anyway. And
dialog: then done it to me, too... What
dialog: kind of man makes a phone call
dialog: like that?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: What do you mean?
dialog: 141
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That’s all I can tell ya.
text: It kills Frank to keep looking at the photograph of
text: Jimmy, but he forces himself to for several more moments.
text: Nothing can dull the guilt he feels for what he did to
text: Jimmy, and as the priest studies him, he thinks he sees
text: something in Frank that was hidden before. Not just
text: remorse, but some faint remnant of humanity.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Would you like to pray now?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: God we come before you sinful and
dialog: sorrowful, aware of what we have
dialog: done and what we have failed to
dialog: do. We ask you to help us see
dialog: ourselves for who we are, just as
dialog: you do, and we ask your
dialog: forgiveness for anything that we
dialog: might have done wrong, because we
dialog: know that you are all good and all
dialog: loving, and love us even when we
dialog: fail.
scene_heading: INT. ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY - ANOTHER DAY - 2000
text: Frank sits in his wheelchair in his room, hooked up to a
text: trolley IV, a few faded snapshots in his lap. A young
text: nurse opens the door and comes in to check the IV and
dialog: take his vitals. As she does it -
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: This is my daughter Peggy.
text: It's the snapshot of Peggy and Jimmy at the miniature
text: golf course. The nurse gives it a perfunctory glance.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Is it.
text: Frank nods to himself.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t think I’ve met her yet.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: She hasn’t been around much.
dialog: 142
text: The nurse cuffs his arm to check his blood pressure.
text: And, just making conversation, like she does with all
dialog: patients -
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: She’s your only child?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I have four daughters.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Really.
text: Frank nods. None of them have been around much. She
text: glances down at the photo again.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Who’s that with her?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Who’s that? You really don’t
dialog: know?
text: She takes a closer look at the picture.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: That's Jimmy Hoffa.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Oh...
text: She clearly doesn’t know who that is. Frank doesn’t
text: bother telling her. She puts her fingers to his wrist to
text: check his pulse rate. He looks at the next snapshot:
text: Jimmy and himself at Appreciation Night.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You only know how fast time goes
dialog: when you get there.
dialog: She’s used to old people saying things that make no
dialog: sense, and says as much -
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: He looks at her two fingers touching his wrist like a
dialog: hand of benediction.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Did I have any choice?
text: She gives him the kind of ‘shhh’ you give your kid to
dialog: comfort their crying. But it’s not that.
dialog: 143
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I’m trying to take your pulse,
dialog: Mr. Sheeran, please don’t talk.
text: Silence as she counts his heartbeats... then takes her
text: hand away and writes it down.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. You’re free.
text: He looks at her.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Until later today (when I put you
dialog: through all this again).
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m here.
text: The nurse smiles and we follow her as she heads out into
dialog: the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. ASSISTED LIVING CORRIDOR / ROOM - DAY TO NIGHT
text: We follow action in the corridor as we begin to hear the
dialog: priest giving absolution.
text: Day changes to night.
dialog: From out in the corridor we're only allowed a partial
text: view into Frank’s room, and even that is intermittently
text: obscured by nurses in white coming past.
text: It's as if what’s going on in there is too sacred to
text: intrude on, the priest’s hands extending over Frank’s
text: head, giving him absolution, the words only sometimes
text: audible over the routine hospital sounds.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: ...through the ministry of the
dialog: Church may God give you pardon and
dialog: peace, I absolve you from your
dialog: sins in the name of the Father,
dialog: and of the Son, and the Holy
dialog: Spirit.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Amen.
scene_heading: INT. ASSISTED LIVING FACILITY - FRANK’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: We find our way back into Frank's room.
dialog: 144
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Give thanks to the Lord, for He is
dialog: good....
text: Frank doesn’t remember the prayer. The priest prompts
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: His mercy -
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: His mercy endures forever.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: May He bring you safely to His
dialog: kingdom in Heaven. Amen.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Amen.
text: The priest readies to leave.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I can come see you again if you
dialog: want, after the Christmas
dialog: holidays.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It’s Christmas?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Almost.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Okay. I ain’t going nowhere.
text: The priest heads out.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Father, could you do me a favor?
dialog: Don’t close the door all the way.
dialog: I don’t like that. Leave it open a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Sure.
text: From outside the room, the door starts to close, but then
text: stops just short of covering up our view of Frank in the
dialog: room.
dialog: 145
text: As the priest’s footsteps echo in the hospital corridor,
text: we can just make Frank out in the sliver of light between
text: the edge of the door and frame - alone in his wheelchair
text: with the little stack of photographs in his lap, slowly
text: leafing through them.
dialog: 
