dialog: The Jazz Singer
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 1:	The New York ghetto, the daily life of which
text: throbs to the rhythm of music that is as old as
dialog: civilization.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 1. 	EXT. NEW YORK STREET LONG SHOT
text: It is a typical East Side business street at the height of the day's
text: activities, a street that is lined with pushcarts, sidewalk vendors and
text: little stores, with its milling shoppers, its petty marketing arguments,
text: its unkempt kids playing in the street heedless of consequences. In the
text: distance is seen an elevated train flashing across the background like
text: a comet across the sky.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 2.	MOVING SHOT SAME
text: A shot may be made from an auto or truck down the street showing the
text: teeming life of the ghetto. As the camera reaches a street intersection,
text: a half dozen kids come into the scene.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 3.	MED. SHOT KIDS (STUDIO STREET)
text: They are playing tag on the intersecting street which is given over to
text: tenements. There are no pushcarts and only a few stores in the basements
dialog: or ground floors of the buildings which house many thousands of ghetto
text: folk. The kids are attracted to something. They all look down the street
text: and then start running in the direction they have been looking. Some
text: little girls join them. (Vitaphone street piano, at some distance.)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 4.	EXT. SIDE STREET MED. SHOT
text: In front of a low brick building is an Italian with a street piano and
dialog: he is grinding out that always popular classic of the East Side, "The
text: Sidewalks of New York." The kids come into the scene and gather around
dialog: the hurdy-gurdy.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 5.	CLOSE-UP GROUP
text: The Italian smiles as the children start dancing about. He looks
text: expectantly at the windows above him and nods pleasantly to someone up
text: above as he continues cranking the piano.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 6.	EXT. TENEMENTS LONG SHOT
text: Looking upward from the street piano. This may be a very effective shot.
text: In several of the windows women are looking down at the music-maker and
text: other heads appear in other windows. Several take deliberate aim and
text: toss coins to the street.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 7.	CLOSE-UP ITALIAN
text: He holds out his ragged cap and expertly catches several coins without
text: once taking his hand from the crank of the street piano. The piece ends.
text: He pulls a little lever and starts turning on another selection -- some
dialog: old operatic favorite like the "Intermezzo" from Cavalleria Rusticana.
text: He starts moving down the street as he plays.
scene_heading: 8.	TENEMENT STREET LONG SHOT
text: As the street piano, still in operation, goes down the street, the group
text: of kids, now much larger, follows along. The Italian stops in front of
text: another building, which adjoins the Orchard Street synagogue.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 9.	CLOSE SHOT FRONT SYNAGOGUE
text: It bears the name, in Hebrew, of the temple. Several children get up on
text: the steps in front of the closed doors to listen to the music, which is
text: approaching. Next door is an old brownstone front, before which the
text: Italian stops. Underneath is a store, and in the flat over the store
dialog: live Cantor Rabinowitz and his family.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 10.	INT. ROOM IN SYNAGOGUE
text: Full shot of the little anteroom in which the rabbi holds school for the
text: children of the congregation and in which the cantor teaches the boys of
text: the choir the songs and chants of the orthodox -- the prayers set to
text: music that has been handed down for generations. Several boys are seated
text: on a bench beside a battered old square piano (one of the old square
text: Knabes may be obtained here). The sound of the street piano comes
text: through the open window, and the kids rush to the window. They no sooner
text: get to it and climb up to look out when the door into the room from the
text: synagogue proper slowly opens and the head of the venerable Cantor
text: Rabinowitz appears.
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 2: 	Cantor Rabinowitz, who sang and taught the
dialog: youth of his congregation to sing the age-old
dialog: songs of Judea -- a man revered and respected
dialog: by all the ghetto.
scene_heading: 11.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He peers into the room to see if his class is ready for him. He has some
text: difficulty in finding them. Finally he discovers them at the window. He
text: lifts his head as he hears the strains from the street piano, and a look
text: of disgust comes to him. He closes the door behind him and starts in
text: with a determined look.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 11A.	REVERSE SHOT BOYS
text: They are packed in the window, patched pants seats and legs only being
dialog: visible.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12.	EXT. MED. SHOT
text: The Italian is now in front of the synagogue and is grinding out another
text: tune while the children dance about the discordant instrument.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 13.	INT. SCHOOL ROOM MED. SHOT
text: The four or five boys are jammed into the open window, some of them half
text: way out with feet sticking almost straight out backward. With determined
text: tread the cantor comes up behind them and starts yanking them out of the
text: window. They are badly frightened and duck as the cantor cuffs them
dialog: right and left.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 14.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: The boys, some of them propelled from behind by the irate cantor,
text: scramble for their seats. The cantor starts to come after them, then the
text: strains of the music assault his delicate ear and he turns instead to
dialog: the window.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 15.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He takes hold of the window and yanks it down roughly as though he
dialog: cannot shut out the sound from without quickly enough. (Vitaphone music
text: quickly dimmed to just a faint sound.) Then he turns and faces the boys.
text: He looks them over, muttering to himself imprecations on the terrible
text: sounds from without -- an insult to his musically attuned ear.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 16.	MED. SHOT BOYS AND CANTOR
text: The boys straighten up with solemn looks on their faces as the cantor
text: looks them over scowlingly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 17.	EXT. STREET OUTSIDE TEMPLE LONG SHOT
text: The Italian and his piano are disappearing in the distance, and a group
text: of boys are playing ball in the street. One is batting.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 18.	INT. CANTOR CLOSE-UP
text: He is looking at the boys as he says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 3:	"Where is Jakie, my son?"
dialog: 
scene_heading: 19.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: The cantor is in the foreground addressing the boys. As he finishes the
text: question one of the boys starts to answer it. The old man suddenly jumps
text: around and looks up in back of him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 20.	CLOSE-UP WINDOW
text: There is a big round hole in the window.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 21.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He looks down at the glass on the floor, then stoops and picks up a ball
text: from the floor. He shakes his head ominously. He scowls at the kids,
text: then looks toward the door.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 22.	CLOSE-UP AT DOOR
text: It is opening cautiously and the black curly head of a boy of about
text: thirteen appears. He enters hesitatingly and fearfully of the possible
dialog: consequences.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 23.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: The kids all look from father to son expectantly, each hoping that Jakie
text: will get a licking as soon as possible. The cantor comes toward the boy,
text: his brows knitted in a deep frown. Jakie starts toward his father
dialog: repeating, "I couldn't help it -- I didn't mean to hit it so hard --
text: honest I didn't." They meet in the center of the room, the boy still
text: protesting half tearfully. The old man brings back his arm as though to
dialog: strike him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 24.	CLOSE SHOT BOTH
text: As the cantor brings back his arm, Jakie shuts his eyes and ducks, but
text: the cantor reconsiders and brings the hand down alongside without
text: striking the boy. He waves him to his seat on the bench with a half-
dialog: uttered threat to "fix him good the next time."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 25.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: The cantor turns from Jakie with an impatient gesture and lines the boys
text: up for their lesson. He calls them to attention, then tells them to
text: listen to what he is going to sing. He walks to the piano and poises a
text: hand over the keys.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 26.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He strikes a note to give him the key he wants but the piano is
text: evidently out of tune. He shakes his head disgustedly, then takes an
text: old-fashioned tuning fork out of his inside coat pocket and strikes it
text: on the side of the piano, then holds it to his ear. He sings the note
text: and then indicates to the boys that they are to follow him as he sings.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 27.	MED. SHOT CANTOR AND BOYS
text: The cantor is singing and one of the boys is paying no attention. He is
text: looking around toward the window longingly. The cantor, still singing,
text: walks over to him and cuffs him on the ear.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 28.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR AND BOY
text: The boy ducks a second swipe. The cantor glares at him and demands that
text: he give his undivided attention to the lesson.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 29.	CLOSE SHOT OTHER BOYS
text: They are singing but taking in the scene on the side. They grin at each
text: other in joy at their companion's trouble, then they quickly turn their
text: eyes forward and sing more lustily as they feel the cantor's eyes on
dialog: them.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 30.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: The cantor takes his place again. He shows his disgust with the manner
text: in which the boys are singing and, with an impatient gesture, he stops
dialog: and tells them to go home.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 31.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He waves them away, saying:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 4: 	"Go now, you sound like crazy cats crying
dialog: already."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 32.	MED. SHOT GROUP
text: The cantor finishes his dismissal and as the boys, including Jakie,
text: start for the door, he stops his son. Jakie, with a crestfallen look,
text: follows with his eyes the disappearing figures of his playmates, who
text: quickly exit. His father calls him and he comes opposite him and looks
text: up rather sullenly for the scolding he expects.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 33.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR AND SON
text: The cantor looks down at Jakie with a scowl and starts berating him. He
text: points to the window and his anger again rises. Jakie starts backing
text: away as though expecting violence. The old man gets himself together and
text: his attitude changes from anger to sadness. He says to the boy:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 5:	"A fine cantor you are going to be -- smeshing
dialog: synagogue windows yet!"
dialog: 
text: The boy looks up at him with an effort, which reflects something of the
text: length of time he has thought about this unpleasant future. He blurts
dialog: out:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 6:	"But Papa, I don't want to be no cantor."
text: The father looks at him as though not willing to believe his ears. He
text: has never heard anything quite so blasphemous. He gulps a few times and
text: then, with a grimly sarcastic smile, he says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 7:	"And if not a cantor, what are you going to be?"
text: He looks at the boy, awaiting an answer to a question which he regards
dialog: as unanswerable.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 34.	CLOSE-UP BOY
text: He swallows a few times, then looking up at his father courageously, he
dialog: declares:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 8:	"I want to be a singer in a theayter."
text: He half ducks as if expecting a blow.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 35.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He looks at the boy in amazement, his hands going aloft in horror. It is
text: difficult for him to speak. Finally he breaks out:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 9:	"For five generations there has been a
dialog: Rabinowitz as cantor -- I have taught you to be
dialog: one--"
text: He pauses for a breath, then, sticking out his bristling beard in the
text: boy's direction, he almost yells:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 10:	"And you -- you want to be a common actor in a
dialog: lowlife theayter!"
dialog: 
scene_heading: 36.	CLOSE-UP FATHER AND SON
text: The father makes as though to strike the boy, who this time stands his
text: ground bravely. The hand of the aged man is raised for the blow, but he
text: halts it in mid air. The father looks down into the eyes of the boy,
text: which are fixed steadfastly on him. He shakes his head sorrowfully.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 37.	INT. MULLER'S CAFE
dialog: Long shot discloses one of those places so common in New York before
text: Prohibition, a long bar in front, and behind, separated from the bar by
text: a partition and swinging doors, a "garden" approachable from the "family
dialog: entrance" where "ladies" may dine and drink their beer, whether with
text: escorts or without them. The back of the place can be seen faintly. The
text: bar is being well patronized, and the three German bartenders are busy
text: putting out huge schooners of the amber fluid. Waiters are going in and
text: out of the swinging doors.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 38.	INT. GARDEN FULL SHOT
text: Looking toward the bar, there is a battered old piano in the foreground
text: on a slightly raised platform, at which sits a young man who looks twice
text: his age because of dissipation. He is smoking a cigarette in a listless
text: manner, and there is a schooner of beer on the piano at the end of the
text: keyboard. He is running his hands over the keys as though playing to
text: himself. Back of him may be seen the diners and drinkers. There is an
text: occasional family group and several of the tables are occupied by
text: flashily dressed women of an obviously well-known occupation. Some are
text: accompanied by men. At other tables are men alone quietly drinking.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 39.	CLOSE-UP FAMILY ENTRANCE
text: Seen from the inside, the door opens slowly and the head of Jakie
text: Rabinowitz appears. He looks about as though to see if the coast is
text: clear, then enters. His attitude indicates that he has been there
dialog: before.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 40.	FULL SHOT GARDEN
text: Jakie threads his way among the tables to the piano. Several of the
text: drinkers look at him as they recognize the boy, and there is some
text: conversation about him among the groups. Jakie calls to the piano
text: player, who swings around to greet him, as he gets on the platform.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 41.	CLOSE SHOT FLAYER AND JAKIE
text: The pianist greets Jakie jocularly:
dialog: TITLE 11:	"Well how's the kid Caruso today?"
dialog: Jakie answers him in kind:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 12:	"Great! How's old kid Paderooski?"
dialog: 
text: They laugh and the piano player indicates the diners and drinkers,
dialog: saying that maybe there's a few dimes for the kid in the place. They
text: confer a moment, then the piano player whirls around and strikes a
dialog: chord.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 42.	FULL SHOT GARDEN
text: Those at the tables look toward the piano with interest as Jakie, in the
text: background, is seen standing on the little platform facing them.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 43.	MED. SHOT BOY AND PIANO PLAYER
text: The player plays the introduction to "Mighty Lak a Rose" and the boy
text: starts to sing. (The various shots for this will have to be in
dialog: accordance with Vitaphone technique and its necessities.) Vitaphone
text: singing stops, when cut is made.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 44.	INT. RABINOWITZ LIVING ROOM
text: It is a rather large room for that locality, the living room and dining
text: room of the modest flat occupied by the cantor and his family. The
text: furniture is good but old, and there are many shelves and tables which
text: are filled with knickknacks, china, glassware, and silver. Mrs.
text: Rabinowitz, a sweet-faced, motherly woman of between forty-five and
text: fifty, is just setting the table. It is the day of the eve of Atonement
dialog: Day, the most important holiday of Judaism, which is observed by even
dialog: the least religious of Jews, by twenty-four hours of abstinence from
text: food or drink. The cantor is pacing up and down the room in a very
text: nervous manner. He pauses occasionally to make a quick remark,
text: punctuated by an elaborate gesture, then resumes his pacing. The subject
dialog: of his remarks is Jakie.
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 13:	Sara Rabinowitz was not as learned in the lore
dialog: of her race as her husband, but she had a
dialog: deeper and better understanding of life -- and
dialog: Jakie.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 45.	CLOSE-UP MOTHER
text: She is setting plates on the table as she listens to the cantor. She
dialog: hesitates, then says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 14:	"Jakie is a good boy, Papa -- but maybe he
dialog: shouldn't be a cantor."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 46. 	MED. SHOT BOTH
text: As Sara finishes title and resumes her work, the cantor stops and looks
text: at her in amazement. He starts to say: "What, not a cantor, you say
text: that?" Then he takes a long breath and, bringing his fist down through
text: the air, he breaks out into a stream of Yiddish.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 47.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He declares violently that Jakie must be a cantor, just like himself and
text: his fathers before him. He leans closer to his wife as he says, with
dialog: some semblance of pride:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 15:	"He knows all the songs and prayers even now so
dialog: good as I do. He could take my place yet
dialog: tonight and sing 'Kol Nidre' when Yom Kippur
dialog: begins."
dialog: 
text: He pauses as though awaiting an answer to what he considers an
dialog: unanswerable argument.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 48.	CLOSE-UP SARA
text: She nods her head in acquiescence of what her husband has said; then she
text: shakes her head slowly and replies:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 16:	"He has it all in his head, yes, but it is not
dialog: in his heart. He is of America."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 49.	CLOSE SHOT BOTH
text: As she finishes the old man looks at her in horror. This which she has
text: said is, to him, treason. She turns her back as he begins to scold
text: breathlessly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 50.	FULL SHOT CAFE FROM FRONT END OF BAR
text: (Vitaphone singing is resumed.) There are only a few people drinking at
text: the bar in the foreground. The "garden" is visible as people pass
text: through the swinging doors.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 51.	FULL SHOT GARDEN
text: As seen from the doors, Jakie is singing and the people at the tables
text: are watching and listening approvingly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 52.	MED. SHOT BAR
text: A tall, spare Hebrew with a straggly beard and a cutaway coat comes into
text: the foreground. He orders a glass of beer, putting his nickel on the bar
text: as he does so.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 53.	CLOSE-UP YUDELSON
text: He drinks slowly and with relish.
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 17:	Moisha Yudelson, a man of influence in the
dialog: business and religious affairs of the ghetto.
dialog: 
text: Back. He reaches over and takes some of the free lunch. His attention is
text: attracted to the music. He listens curiously, then starts for the door
dialog: to the garden.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 54.	MED. SHOT DOOR
dialog: 
text: Yudelson pushes the swinging door open, his glass of beer in one hand
text: and a slice of meat on a piece of bread in the other. His eyes bulge as
text: he sees the singer.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 55.	LONG REVERSE SHOT
text: Jakie is singing.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 56.	CLOSE-UP YUDELSON
text: His lips tighten. He determines that something must be done about this
text: and he knows just what it is. He goes quickly to the bar.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 57.	MED. SHOT BAR
text: Yudelson gulps down the beer, crams the rest of the food into his mouth,
text: and exits. (Vitaphone singing stops.)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 58. 	INT. RABINOWITZ HOME
text: The cantor is walking up and down the floor nervously. Sara is putting
text: the dishes of food on the table. The cantor stops and faces Sara
dialog: sternly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 59.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He takes out a huge silver watch, looks at it, and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 18:	"Tonight Jakie is to sing 'Kol Nidre' in school
dialog: and he isn't yet here."
text: He snaps shut the watch and glares at Sara.
scene_heading: 60.	MED. SHOT BOTH
dialog: Sara makes some excuse for the boy. Maybe he doesn't know what time it
text: is. He starts pacing up and down again. Sara finishes the placing of
text: food on the table and starts arranging the chairs.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 61.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He scowls as he pauses in his pacing and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 19:	"If he don't come now in a minute, he starts
dialog: his Yom Kippur fasting without supper."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 62.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: As the cantor resumes his pacing, Sara hears someone at the door and
text: goes to it, only to admit, instead of the expected Jakie, an excited
text: Yudelson. The cantor turns around in surprise. Yudelson rushes up to him
text: and starts telling him about seeing Jakie singing nigger songs in
text: Muller's. The cantor throws up his hands in horror. Yudelson nods grimly
text: but in a satisfied manner.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 63.	CLOSE-UP YUDELSON
dialog: He says in a self-righteous manner:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 20:	"Of course it ain't any of mine business, but I
dialog: say to myself it's my duty, I--"
dialog: 
text: He looks around surprised.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 64.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: The cantor has grabbed his hat and is on his way out of the door as
text: Yudelson stands open-mouthed. Sara starts wringing her hands.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 65. 	CLOSE SHOT YUDELSON AND SARA
text: As they see the cantor disappear, Sara looks at Yudelson with marked
text: disapproval. He decides that it is time to go and turns as Sara starts
text: to reprove him for his tattling. She tells him he would be better off
text: attending to his own business. With a hurried excuse Yudelson turns.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 66.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: Yudelson quickly disappears out of the front door and Sara drops into a
text: chair heavily. She knows that there will be an unpleasant scene before
text: long and she dreads it.
scene_heading: 67.	INT. BEER HALL FULL SHOT
text: Jakie is just finishing a song and those at the tables start applauding.
text: Some of them throw coins to Jakie.
scene_heading: 68.	CLOSE-UP JAKIE
text: His singing manners have gone. Now he is just business as he starts to
text: pick up the scattered coins. He picks up the last one and pockets it.
text: Then he turns to the piano player.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 69.	CLOSE SHOT BOTH
text: They discuss what Jakie is to sing next. Then the piano player starts a
text: ragtime piece and Jakie starts to sing in the most approved darkey
dialog: manner.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 70.	FULL SHOT GARDEN
text: The people at the tables are showing new interest in the singer.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 71.	CLOSE SHOT FAMILY ENTRANCE
text: The door opens suddenly and the figure of the irate cantor appears. He
text: pauses and takes one look, then strides in with great determination.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 72.	MED. SHOT JAKIE FROM FRONT
text: He is putting everything he has into his song. He is rolling his eyes
text: and calling on "his baby." His eyes drop and he looks forward just in
text: time to see his father coming toward him. His voice breaks as the old
text: man comes into the scene. A determined arm reaches up and grabs him, and
text: the song ends abruptly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 73.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: With the boy in a viselike grip, the cantor starts toward the door with
text: the squirming figure of his young son. The people at the table are
text: laughing heartily at the unexpected entertainment. Father and son exit.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 74.	CLOSE-UP PIANO PLAYER
text: Getting the humor of the situation, he starts playing something
dialog: appropriate, like "Stay in Your Own Backyard" or perhaps something more
dialog: modern and more to the point.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 75.	RABINOWITZ LIVING ROOM
text: Sara is sitting in the rocking chair, rocking slowly back and forth,
text: occasionally dabbing at her eyes with a handkerchief. She gets up and
text: goes to the table. She feels one of the dishes and, seeing that it is
text: cold, she starts with it to the kitchen. As she returns she looks toward
text: the front door, then rushes hurriedly in that direction.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 76.	MED. SHOT FRONT DOOR
text: The cantor comes in breathlessly, pushing the boy ahead of him, just as
text: Sara comes up to them. The boy tries to go to her but the irate cantor
text: holds him tightly and motions Sara not to interfere.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 77.	CLOSE SHOT GROUP
text: The cantor glares down at the boy who starts squirming. He tightens his
text: grip on him as he repeats over and over: "Singing nigger songs in a beer
dialog: garden! You bummer! You no good lowlife!" As Sara tries to intercede,
text: the cantor silences her almost roughly. As he half pushes her away he
dialog: says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 21:	"I will teach him he shall never again use his
dialog: voice for such low things."
text: He takes a fresh grip on the boy and starts in the direction of the
dialog: bedroom.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 78.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: As father with son in tow go toward the bedroom, the mother follows a
text: few steps, pleading with the cantor not to whip Jakie. He turns around
text: and demands what she means by such interference. She looks at him
text: imploringly.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 79.	CLOSE-UP SARA
text: She holds out her outstretched hands to the cantor, saying:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 22:	"It will do no good, Papa -- and he must get
dialog: ready for school in a few minutes. Yom Kippur
dialog: begins soon."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 80.	CLOSE SHOT GROUP
text: The cantor answers her with a snort of disgust and renewed determination
text: to continue with what he considers his duty. The boy, emboldened by his
text: mother's championship, turns and faces his father courageously. The old
text: man looks down at him in surprise.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 81.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR AND SON
text: The boy looks up at his father, his boyish face set with determination.
dialog: He declares:
dialog: TITLE 23:	"I told you before -- if you whip me again,
dialog: I'll run away -- and never come back."
dialog: 
text: At this show of rebellion the cantor stiffens. He nods his head
text: menacingly as though accepting the challenge, takes another grip on the
text: boy's shoulder, and pushes him toward the bedroom, as Jakie starts
text: sobbing hysterically. At the door, the cantor takes a strap that is
text: hanging over a chair near the door.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 82.	MED. SHOT ROOM
text: As the cantor shoves open the door, Sara again tries to intervene. The
text: cantor holds out a hand to prevent her following, pushes Jakie into the
text: bedroom, and follows him, closing the door behind him with a bang. Sara
text: stands looking tearfully at the door, realizing the expected crisis in
text: the little family, which she has feared, has finally arrived.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 83.	CLOSE-UP SARA
text: She stands mutely facing the door. Suddenly she starts and listens, then
text: puts her hands over her ears as though to shut out the sounds she hears,
text: and her shoulders heave with repressed sobs. She starts for the door,
text: then restrains herself. Her emotions finally overcome her and she drops
text: into a chair and cries without restraint. (Nothing of what occurs in the
dialog: bedroom is shown.)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 84.	MED. SHOT SAME
text: The door of the bedroom opens suddenly and Jakie emerges. He is shaking
text: with a mixture of anger and the painful effects of the whipping. He
text: comes out quickly, looks at his mother, rushes over, and kisses her
text: impulsively, and as she puts her arms around him, he breaks away and
text: before she can stop him, he runs toward the front door.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 85.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: Jakie rushes to the door and dashes out, as the cantor appears in the
text: doorway of the bedroom. He is somewhat breathless from exertion. He does
text: not look to see what has become of the boy. He pauses and looks at his
text: wife in a dazed way. He looks toward the door. Then in a mechanical way
text: he takes his watch from his pocket and glances at it.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 86.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He holds the watch up to his eyes closely, then looks in the direction
dialog: of his wife and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 24:	"It is time for the services, Mama."
dialog: 
text: He turns to the wall behind him where hangs the prayer shawl and the
text: freshly washed and ironed robe which the cantor wears when he sings the
dialog: "Kol Nidre" on the Day of Atonement.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 87.	MED.SHOT BOTH
text: The cantor starts putting on the robe, with great deliberation. Sara is
text: standing mutely looking toward the door through which her boy vanished.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 88.	INT. SYNAGOGUE LONG SHOT
text: Every pew in the place is filled with men, and in the balcony behind sit
text: the women in the place reserved for them. On the raised platform, the
text: cantor and the choir boys are taking their places.
scene_heading: 89.	CLOSE SHOT CANTOR AND CHOIR
text: As the boys line up, a solemn look on each young face, the cantor looks
dialog: from one to the other.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 90.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He has his back to the congregation. He has his eyes fixed on the place
dialog: where Jakie usually has stood.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 91.	MED. SHOT
text: As the Cantor stands motionless, the rabbi steps up to him. The old man
text: looks at him and they exchange a few words.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 92.	CLOSE SHOT BOTH
text: The cantor looks at the vacant place again, then turns to the rabbi and
text: says, with a break in his voice:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 25:	"Tonight my boy Jakie was to sing 'Kol Nidre'
dialog: -- but he is not going to be a cantor now."
dialog: 
text: Back. He finishes title. The rabbi moves out of scene, and the cantor
text: takes the position in which he is to sing.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 93.	FULL SHOT SYNAGOGUE
text: The congregation comes to attention, and small groups that have been
text: conversing look toward the cantor.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 94.	MED. SHOT CHOIR
text: The cantor is in the foreground, his back to the camera, as the first
text: low notes of the "Kol Nidre" are sung. Never has the cantor's voice sung
text: the heart-breaking song like this before. There is a tear in every note,
text: and as his voice rises in the wailing harmony that is handed down from
text: the walls of Jerusalem, the choir boys look at him in wonder. (Vitaphone
dialog: is used in full volume.)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 95.	FULL SHOT SYNAGOGUE
text: As the cantor's voice rises in a long, mournful wail, the scene and
text: music slowly FADE.
dialog: 
text: TITLE 26: 	Ten years and three thousand miles away from
dialog: the ghetto.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 96.	AIRPLANE VIEW OF SAN FRANCISCO
text: A shot may be obtained which immediately identifies the city, with its
text: hills and ferries and the Golden Gate in the distance.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: 97.	OFFICE STAR VAUDEVILLE CIRCUIT
text: Full shot of room shows various types of performers seated about the
text: room awaiting an opportunity to talk to the booking manager. There is an
dialog: old-time legitimate actor of the East Lynne period, a dancing team of
text: girls, three Teutonic-looking acrobats, a fat young man whose clothes
dialog: were once quite "snappy," and a few other types found usually in such a
text: place. The fat man is hidden behind a copy of Variety. An office boy,
text: small, weazened, and wise beyond his years, pertly tells all inquirers
text: that Mr. Schuler is "in conference." All of the people in the room look
text: hopefully toward the door every time it is opened and look away
text: hopelessly every time it closes. A big, husky, flashily dressed blonde
text: enters and breezes up to the boy. He gets up and tries to hold the gate
text: of the enclosure shut, so that she cannot enter.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 98.	CLOSE-UP BLONDE AND BOY
text: She says that she is there to see Mr. Schuler. The boy looks at her and
dialog: says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 27:	"Mr. Schuler's in conf'rence and can't be disturbed."
dialog: 
text: The girl gives him a supercilious look, shoves him aside, and sweeps up
text: to the door to the inner room. She opens it and passes in as the boy
text: stands with open mouth and gazes after her.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 99.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: The less fortunate performers sit and look wonderingly at the closed
text: door. The boy finally shrugs his shoulders and takes his chair. The
text: outer door opens and a young man enters. He is shabbily dressed and,
text: although he is neat of person, it is obvious that he is down on his
text: luck. He pauses and then hesitatingly goes up to the railing where the
text: office boy sits idly hammering a typewriter with no paper in it. The boy
text: doesn't even look up.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 100.	CLOSE-UP JACK
text: He stands looking at the boy nervously.
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 28:	It was a long jump from Jakie Rabinowitz to
dialog: Jack Robin -- and the roses in his pathway
text: were almost hidden under the thorns.
dialog: --George Jessel
text: Back to scene. Jack asks the boy if he can see Mr. Schuler.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 101.	CLOSE SHOT BOTH
text: The boy just looks up and snaps out that "it car,'t be done -- he's in
text: an important conf'rence." Jack hopelessly turns away and the boy
text: continues his mauling of the typewriter.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 102.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: As Jack walks disconsolately over to the one vacant chair, the young man
text: hidden behind the copy of Variety looks up. He recognizes Jack and, with
text: a smile, he jumps up and they grab each other's hands.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 103.	CLOSE-UP BOTH
dialog: They exchange the usual greeting: "If it ain't my old partner of the
dialog: sticks, Jack Robin!" and Jack's return:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 29:	"--and the last time I saw you Buster Billings,
dialog: you were getting ready to climb a side door
dialog: Pullman in Cheyenne."
dialog: 
text: Back to scene. They reminisce some more. Jack asks him what he is doing,
text: and Buster points hopelessly to the door of the inner office, saying,
dialog: "The same thing you are."
scene_heading: 104.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: As they are talking, the boy suddenly jumps up as though answering a
text: buzzer and goes to the inner door. He opens it, listens to something
text: said within, nods, and closes the door. He walks to the rail and gives
text: the people sitting around the room a contemptuous look.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 105.	CLOSE-UP BOY
text: He pauses a moment as he feels the expectant eyes on him, and with the
text: cruelty of youth, he barks out at them:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 30:	"The boss ain't seeing anybody else today --
dialog: you can all duck."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 106.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: The occupants start getting up wearily. They start for the door. Jack
text: and Buster are the last to go. They pause in the doorway.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 107.	CLOSE SHOT BOTH
text: They look at each other and Jack says to him: "Where to?" Buster pauses
dialog: and says they can take a walk and stall around awhile. He adds:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 31:	"Later we'll go to Coffee Dan's. My old side
dialog: kick, Frank Tames, is the -- impresario down
dialog: there and we can bum a feed off him."
dialog: 
text: They start out of the door.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 108.	EXT. STREET
text: In the near foreground looking down the street is the entrance to the
text: Orpheum theater. The electric sign in front is lighted. The lighted sign
text: is suddenly extinguished to indicate that the show is over, and people
text: start coming out of the doors. This DISSOLVES INTO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: 109.	INT. THEATER BACKSTAGE FULL SHOT
text: The players who have just finished their act, the closing one on the
text: bill, a troupe of acrobats, are just going to their dressing rooms. A
text: door to one of the stage dressing rooms opens, and a girl dressed neatly
text: in street attire comes halfway out.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 110. 	CLOSE-UP GIRL
text: She is a small blonde girl, dressed in excellent taste. She is calling
text: out to someone not in sight.
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 32:	Mary Dale, of the "Little Follies" act, was not
dialog: yet a headliner in her own right, but ambition
dialog: pointed the way to fame.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 111.	MED. SHOT GIRL
text: She comes out of the door and closes it behind her. She calls again, and
text: in the background another girl and a young man, Ben Thorpe, appear. The
text: girl is a tall, wise-looking blonde of about twenty-five and the young
text: man is tall, blond, and good-looking. They come up to Mary and there is
dialog: some talk as to where they are going.
scene_heading: 112.	CLOSE SHOT THREE
text: They argue a while, then Mary says: "Let's go over to Coffee Dan's."
text: Estelle says that she won't remain long. The young man takes each by an
text: arm and they start out.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
dialog: 
scene_heading: 113.	INT. COFFEE DAN'S FULL SHOT
text: The tables are pretty well filled by a fairly well-dressed crowd. Some
text: even are in evening clothes. There is a general air of hilarity, but no
text: drinking is in evidence. Next to a table filled by people in evening
text: clothes, their women bedecked with diamonds, is a table at which sit
text: several tough-looking characters. But there are not many of these. Men
text: waiters dash back and forth carrying mostly ham and eggs, the piece de
text: resistance of a Coffee Dan meal. At the piano on the platform sits Frank
text: James, tortoise shell-bespectacled musician and entertainer as well as
text: master of ceremonies. In the background, up near the platform, is a
text: small table at which sit Jack Robin and Buster Billings.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 114.	CLOSE-UP TABLE
text: Jack and Buster are eating heartily with all the gusto that
text: characterizes a healthy appetite that has been whetted by lengthy
text: fasting. They look up at Frank and grin happily.
speaker_heading: 115.	CLOSE-UP FRANK
text: He looks down at them, gives them a signal, then walks to the edge of
text: the platform nearest them.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 116.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: Frank is trying to get the diners to be quiet. The people at the tables
text: gradually hush their noise. Jack and Buster shove their plates away in
dialog: complete satisfaction.
scene_heading: 117.	CLOSE-UP FRANK
text: He has a hand upraised as he looks over the crowd. Then he casts a look
text: down at Jack's table and winks as he starts announcing:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 33:	"And now I am going to ask Mr. Jack Robin to
dialog: sing something. Mr. Robin is the famous tenor
dialog: from Petaluma."
dialog: 
text: Back to scene. He winks again as he looks down at the table.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 118.	CLOSE SHOT TABLE
text: Jack is shrinking back in an embarrassed manner. Buster reaches over and
text: claps him on the back, telling him to be a good sport, that they all do
dialog: it there, even the big ones in grand opera.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 119.	MED. SHOT TABLES
text: The people at the tables are looking at Jack and hammering on the tables
text: with their hammers in an encouraging manner.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 120.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND BUSTER
text: Jack dumbly accuses Buster of framing him, but the latter just laughs.
text: Jack finally pulls himself together as he realizes that there is no out
dialog: for him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 121.	MED. SHOT TABLE AND PLATFORM
text: As Frank leans down with hand extended, Jack stands up, straightens his
text: coat, and joins him. Frank gives him a hand and yanks him up on the
text: platform, where they go into a conference as to what Jack is to sing.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 122.	LONG SHOT FROM PLATFORM
text: Jack and Frank are in the foreground at the piano talking. In the
text: background, a group appears at the foot of the stairs just entering the
text: place. It is the group from the vaudeville theater. Mary is in front,
text: and as the head waiter motions to them, they enter the place and are
text: seated at a table just in front of the platform as Frank sits down at
text: the piano and starts playing for Jack, who has advanced to the edge of
dialog: the platform.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 123.	CLOSE-UP JACK
text: He starts to sing his song. (The song, which is to be Vitaphoned, should
dialog: be one especially written for the occasion, as any current number would
dialog: be out of date long before the picture has played every theater equipped
dialog: for Vitaphone by release time.)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 124.	MED. SHOT FROM FLOOR
text: The table at which Mary and her party are seated is in the immediate
text: foreground. They are paying attention only to the waiter who is standing
text: over them awaiting their orders, as Jack is singing. Mary, attracted by
text: his voice, looks away from the group wonderingly as she listens.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 125.	CLOSE-UP MARY
text: She is looking up at Jack curiously as she listens. This is something
dialog: new to her.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 126.	CLOSE-UP JACK
text: He is singing, his eyes aimed toward the back of the place. As though
text: feeling the attraction of Mary's gaze, his eyes slowly come down. As
text: they meet those of Mary, he gulps and almost breaks. With an effort, he
text: continues singing, his eyes on the girl.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 127.	CLOSE SHOT GROUP AT TABLE
text: Mary still has her eyes on the singer. The others of the group, Estelle
text: and Ben Thorpe, are looking at Jack as they see him looking intently at
text: Mary. They turn to her and start kidding her about her conquest. She
text: kids them in return and does not look at Jack again. She is again her
text: usually reserved self, a girl intensely interested in her work and
dialog: wrapped up in her career.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 128.	MED. SHOT JACK
text: He is bringing his song to a close. As he does, Frank gets up quickly
text: and shakes hands with him. Jack is embarrassed at this and, at Frank's
text: instigation, he turns and bows to the audience and jumps down from the
text: platform hurriedly as though in fear that he would be called on again.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 129.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: The diners are applauding and pounding on the tables with their hammers.
text: Jack, in the background, is seen going to his table, where Buster rises
text: and slaps him on the back and compliments him on his work. The diners
text: are still applauding and Jack turns and bows to them. Buster tries to
text: get him to go up again but he shakes his head and sits down at his
dialog: table.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 130.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND BUSTER
text: Buster is still complimenting Jack, but the latter's eyes have wandered
text: to the table occupied by Mary and her companions. Buster follows his
text: gaze. His face lights up with recognition. Jack notes this and turning
text: to him eagerly says: "Do you know her?" Buster says: "Which her?" Jack
dialog: indicates Mary. Buster nods: "Sure I know her -- I'm going over and say
text: Hello." Jack starts to follow, then subsides, his eyes on Buster.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 131.	CLOSE SHOT MARY'S TABLE
dialog: Mary is saying to Thorpe:
dialog: TITLE 34:	"Well, I'm going to tell Berg about him -- with
dialog: a voice like that --"
dialog: 
text: Buster comes up as she is talking. He shakes hands with Mary and
text: Estelle, and Thorpe is introduced. As they shake hands, Estelle spots
text: Jack and tells Buster to ask Jack over. Buster waves his hand and sits
dialog: down.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 132.	CLOSE-UP JACK
text: He sees the signal and jumps up eagerly. Then with an effort to slow
text: down in order to hide his eagerness to meet Mary, he walks slowly over
text: to the table.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 133.	CLOSE SHOT MARY'S TABLE
text: Buster is telling them about Jack, when the latter appears. Buster
text: presents him, and Mary asks him to sit down in the chair next to her. He
text: does so. Mary turns to him and asks him something about himself, first
text: congratulating him on his singing.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 134.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: Frank goes to the piano and starts a dance number. The couples flock out
text: to the little dancing space. Thorpe asks Estelle to dance and she gets
text: up. Mary and Jack are deep in conversation.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 135.	CLOSE SHOT MARY'S TABLE
text: As Estelle and her escort move away in the dance, Buster looks at Jack
text: and starts to say something. Neither pays any attention to him. He makes
text: a facetious excuse, then gets up. They never notice him leave.
scene_heading: 136.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: Buster threads his way through the dancers and climbs up on the
text: platform. He goes over to Frank and sits down on the stool alongside of
text: him. Frank starts to talk to him while he is playing.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 137.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND MARY
text: Jack thanks her for her approval of his song. Then, after a moment of
text: embarrassment, Jack tells her that he has seen her act on the Orpheum.
dialog: He says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 35:	"I caught your act in the Orpheum at Salt Lake
dialog: -- I think you're great!"
dialog: 
text: He leans over toward her in a gesture of boyish enthusiasm rather than
text: one of forwardness. Mary smilingly acknowledges the compliment. She asks
dialog: him where he played in that city. Jack replies:
dialog: TITLE 36:	"Oh, I sang in a movie house there -- and I've
dialog: been two weeks getting here."
text: He pauses and looks at her in a sidelong glance to see if, knowing the
dialog: truth about him, she would regard him any differently. She gives him a
text: quick look of sympathy, then says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 37:	"If you come over to the Orpheum tomorrow at
dialog: 2:00, I'd like to introduce you to the
dialog: manager."
dialog: 
text: Jack looks at her wonderingly. He has been buffeted about so much that
text: he has long since lost confidence in his own ability. He asks Mary
text: eagerly if she thinks he can make the grade there. The girl nods and
dialog: says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 38:	"I think your voice would get you a long ways
dialog: on the big time -- you sing jazz, but it's
dialog: different -- there's a tear in it."
dialog: 
text: Jack looks at her gratefully. He is close to a tear now himself. The
text: girl smiles at him in a purely impersonal manner as he reaches out his
text: hand toward hers in an impulsive gesture. Then he slowly withdraws it
text: without touching hers.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
dialog: 
scene_heading: 138.	INT. RABINOWITZ HOME
text: The cantor, much older and more feeble than when we last saw him, is
text: seated at the table in the living room. His beard is almost white and
text: the hair about his temples is white and thin. There are deep lines in
text: his face, but a look of resignation has taken the place of the
text: indomitable sternness that marked his appearance ten years before. At
text: his side is standing a little Jewish boy, Moey -- a youngster of about
text: ten -- a typical ghetto child of the underfed, frail build. He is
text: singing and the old man is nodding his head in time as he does so.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 139.	CLOSE SHOT BOTH
text: The cantor suddenly stops the boy. He tells him that he is singing it
dialog: wrong. He adds:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 39:	"You must sing it with a sigh -- like you are
dialog: crying out to your God."
dialog: 
text: He motions to him to sing it again. The boy tries it and is again
text: stopped, this time more impatiently by the cantor.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 140.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He looks at the boy and his mind seems to wander. There is a misty look
dialog: in his eyes as he says:
dialog: TITLE 40:	"I wish I had my Jakie here -- he could show
dialog: you how to sing it -- he had a voice like a
dialog: angel."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 141.	CLOSE SHOT BOTH
text: Moey looks up at him curiously. The old man has turned his eyes back
text: into the past and is oblivious to the boy's presence until Moey looks up
dialog: and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 41:	"He ran away from home, didn't he, your boy?"
text: The old man looks at the boy, suddenly awakened from his reverie. His
text: face sets and his lips compress as he says, very slowly:
dialog: TITLE 42:	"I haven't got any boy."
text: Back to scene. Moey looks up at him wonderingly. The old man looks away
text: and Moey, boylike, is persistent. He tries it again:
dialog: TITLE 43:	"But Mike Lefkowitz says your boy is a singer
dialog: in a theayter way out west -- in Pittsburgh or
dialog: Buffalo."
dialog: 
text: The cantor looks down at Moey as though he just faintly hears him. He
text: shakes his head, saying to himself, "I have no boy." Then he rises
text: quickly from the chair and says to the boy:
dialog: TITLE 44:	"That is all for today -- come back tomorrow."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 142.	MED. SHOT ROOM
text: The boy starts out of the room at this, and the cantor sits down again
text: and is deep in thought as Moey exits.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 143.	RABINOWITZ LIVING ROOM
text: Mrs. Rabinowitz is seated in the rocking chair, just opposite and a
text: short distance from Yudelson. Both have aged considerably. Yudelson is
text: better dressed and has more of the air of a prosperous citizen. His
text: beard is neatly trimmed and he wears well-tailored clothes. Mrs.
text: Rabinowitz's hair is grayer and there are deeper lines in her face. She
text: is leaning over, listening to Yudelson who has a letter in his hand from
text: which he is reading.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 144.	CLOSE SHOT BOTH
text: Yudelson looks up from the letter as he says: "Y' understand what he
text: means?" He starts to explain. But Mrs. Rabinowitz stops him and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 45:	"What else does Jakie say in the letter?"
dialog: 
text: Yudelson starts to read again. Sara leans over closer so that she won't
dialog: miss a word.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 145.	CLOSE-UP YUDELSON
text: He is reading the letter with elaborate gesticulations.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: INSERT LETTER
dialog: 
dialog: Omaha, June 4th.
dialog: Dear Mama:
dialog: I thought you would like to know I am getting
dialog: along great in vaudeville, and maybe I will
dialog: soon be a headliner, and a wonderful girl
dialog: whose name is Mary Dale got me my big chance
dialog: out in 'Frisco. Maybe I will be in New York
dialog: soon.
dialog: Your loving son,
dialog: Jakie
dialog: P.S. 	You can write me care State-Lake theater,
dialog: Chicago. Remember the name is Jack Robin.
dialog: 
text: Back to scene. Yudelson looks up as he finishes reading.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 146.	CLOSE SHOT BOTH
text: Mrs. Rabinowitz asks Yudelson what Jakie means by headliner. Yudelson
text: explains, and the old lady is thoughtful a moment.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 147.	CLOSE-UP MOTHER
text: She hesitates a moment, then turns to Yudelson and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 46:	"Read it again, what he says about the girl."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 148.	CLOSE SHOT BOTH
text: Yudelson again reads the passage about Mary Dale. He looks at Mrs.
text: Rabinowitz as though realizing what she is thinking of. He says: "Nu,
text: anything else?" Mrs. Rabinowitz hesitates, then says:
dialog: TITLE 47:	"Maybe he is fallen in love -- and by her name
dialog: she is a shiksa."
dialog: 
text: Yudelson thinks a moment, then shrugs his shoulders. He says:
dialog: TITLE 48:	"Maybe not -- you know Jennie Levi on the
dialog: theayter is Genevieve Leeds."
dialog: 
text: The old lady is relieved at this solution of her problem. Yudelson hands
text: her back the letter. She thanks him and he starts to get up.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 149.	LONG SHOT BACKSTAGE
text: It is the stage of the State-Lake theater in Chicago, and a matinee
dialog: performance is in progress. There is the usual activity among the
text: stagehands preparatory to changing the set. The act which is now on is a
text: dancing act, and there is only a fleeting glimpse of the dancers through
text: the aperture of a narrow entrance. (A novel effect may be had by
text: shooting through the first entrance so that [there is] a view of part of
text: the audience as well as some of the dancers who are downstage. The dance
dialog: music may be reproduced by the Vitaphone.)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 150.	MED. SHOT STAGE
text: Through entrance from another angle there is a more complete view of the
text: dancers. Mary Dale, the principal of the act, is seen doing a movement
dialog: of her dance. (This should be of such grace and technique that would
text: warrant headline position for Mary.) As the dance comes to a close, a
text: figure comes into the foreground, and a side view shows that it is Jack
text: Robin in blackface. He applauds from the wings as Mary finishes.
text: Apparently he is just ready to go on with his act, or has just finished
text: and is watching Mary before he takes the make-up off his face.
scene_heading: 151.	CLOSE-UP JACK
text: He is applauding vigorously.
dialog: TITLE 49: 	Orchard Street would have had some difficulty
dialog: in recognizing Jakie Rabinowitz of Beth-El
text: choir under the burnt cork of Jack Robin.
text: Back. He takes a step forward as though to meet the receding dancer as
text: she bows repeatedly in making her exit.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 152.	MED. SHOT SAME
text: Mary almost backs into Jack as she comes off the stage, and he puts out
text: a hand to catch her arm. The supporting dancers have exited on the other
text: side. There is just time for an exclamation of surprise from Mary as she
text: goes on the stage again for another bow. She turns to Jack as she gets
text: to him and puts a hand on his arm, as he compliments her on her dancing.
scene_heading: 153.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND MARY
text: She says to Jack with a humorous gleam in her eye:
dialog: TITLE 50:	"I don't know what I'd do, Jack, if it wasn't
dialog: for the encouragement you give me."
text: She laughs as she says this and Jack, realizing that she is kidding him,
dialog: says, in a rather embarrassed manner:
dialog: TITLE 51:	"Well, you know I'm just crazy about -- your act."
text: It is evident that he loses his nerve as he is about to tell her that it
text: is she he is crazy about. Mary starts for her dressing room, but is
text: suddenly awakened to the fact that the audience is still applauding and
text: she turns quickly to the entrance.
scene_heading: 154.	MED. SHOT SAME
text: Mary is out on the stage bowing to the audience again. She bows several
text: times as she backs into the narrow space again where Jack awaits her.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 155.	FULL SHOT STAGE
text: As Jack and Mary walk toward the dressing rooms, several persons on the
text: stage observe them. Two of the girls in the dancing act who are standing
text: at a door on the balcony overlooking the stage look at them and turn to
dialog: each other.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 156.	CLOSE-UP GIRLS
text: One of them, indicating Jack and Mary, says to the other:
dialog: TITLE 52:	"He's surely goofy about her."
dialog: The other one nods and says:
dialog: TITLE 53:	"But he ain't got a chance -- no Mammy singer
dialog: for Mary."
text: Back to scene. One opens the door and they go into girls' dressing room,
text: through the door of which may be seen the girls in various stages of
dialog: dishabille.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 157.	MED. SHOT JACK AND MARY
text: They are standing in front of the door of the stage dressing room. Jack
text: starts to leave, but Mary halts him telling him that she has something
text: to show him. He looks at her wonderingly. She opens the door and darts
text: into the room, returning immediately with a telegram which she hands
dialog: him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 158.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND MARY
text: Jack takes the telegram and looks at it. It reads:
speaker_heading: INSERT TELEGRAM
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NEW YORK
dialog: Miss Mary Dale
dialog: State-Lake Theater, Chicago, Ill.
dialog: Would you consider leading role new musical
text: show Fall opening, rehearsals begin two weeks.
dialog: Wire answer.
dialog: Harry Lee
text: Back to scene. Jack's face brightens as he finishes reading it. He hands
dialog: back the wire to Mary, saying:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 54:	"Gee, it's a great chance for you."
text: Mary nods, smilingly telling Jack it's the opportunity she has been
text: working for, ever since she began her professional career. Jack pauses a
text: moment as realization begins to come to him that Mary's good fortune
text: means the end of the happiest period of his life. He puts out a hand and
text: congratulates her, then he adds falteringly:
dialog: TITLE 55:	"I'll be sorry ... in one way to see you go.
dialog: I ... we ... we'll miss you a lot."
text: Mary smiles tenderly. She puts a hand on his arm affectionately. Jack
text: looks away as he says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 56:	"I'll never forget that it is to you I owe
dialog: everything I am -- or ever will be."
text: Mary affects a light manner as she laughs and tells him to snap out of
text: the gloom. Jack pulls himself out of his sentimental mood to meet her
text: assumed gaiety. He asks her when she is leaving and she says after the
dialog: night performance the next day.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 159.	FULL SHOT ALONG DRESSING ROOMS
text: As Mary and Jack are talking, the door of another room opens and the
text: head of Buster Billings comes out. He sees Jack and shouts to him to
text: hurry up and get dressed. Jack, with another hesitating look at Mary
text: during which he seems desirous of saying something else, turns suddenly
text: and leaves her. She pauses a moment and looks after him. Then with a
text: smile, she enters her own room and closes the door.
dialog: NOTE: Playing a romantic scene in blackface may be something of an
dialog: experiment and very likely an unsuccessful one. As an alternative,
dialog: should it not prove as effective as desired, there could be a scene
text: after No. 161 in Jack's dressing room, showing him enter in blackface
text: and start taking off the make-up.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 160.	INT. JACK'S ROOM
text: He enters, followed by Buster, who is urging him to get cleaned up and
text: dressed. Jack turns to the table, hesitates, and turns around to Buster.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 161.	CLOSE-UP BOTH
text: Jack tells him of Mary's good fortune. Buster nods understandingly as
dialog: though to convey that he always knew she would "make it." Buster looks
text: at Jack as though to read his thoughts. Then he puts an arm on Jack's
dialog: shoulder and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 57:	"Better forget it, kid. She's wrapped up in her
dialog: career -- and you got a chance for Broadway
dialog: yourself if you keep up your present gait."
dialog: 
text: Jack nods and looks off into space. He slowly turns and reaches for the
dialog: can of cold cream.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 162.	LONG SHOT MICHIGAN AVENUE
text: It is a general atmospheric shot showing the traffic on the boulevard
text: and the stately line of high buildings on the West Side.
scene_heading: 163.	MED. SHOT THEATER ENTRANCE
text: It is the entrance to a place like Orchestra Hall. There is a placard on
text: an easel in the center of the lobby.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 164.	CLOSE SHOT ENTRANCE
text: The lettering on the placard is as follows:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SPECIAL MATINEE
speaker_heading: LAST CHICAGO CONCERT
speaker_heading: CANTOR ROSENBLATT
speaker_heading: IN SACRED SONGS
dialog: Popular Prices
dialog: 
scene_heading: 165.	MED. SHOT ENTRANCE
text: Among the people passing are Jack and Buster. Jack's eyes fall on the
text: placard and he stops. Buster stops and looks at Jack, who immediately
text: shifts his glance. He takes a quick look at his wristwatch.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 166.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND BUSTER
dialog: Jack tells Buster to go ahead adding:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 58:	"Forgot something. Run along and I'll meet you
dialog: at the hotel."
dialog: 
text: Buster gives him a wise look, shrugs his shoulders, and starts ahead.
text: Jack turns as though to retrace his steps; then as he sees that Buster
text: has vanished he darts into the theater lobby.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 167.	MED. SHOT LOBBY
text: Jack dashes up to the box office, lays down a bill, takes a ticket in
text: return, and goes quickly to the entrance through which he disappears.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: 168.	INT. THEATER FULL SHOT FROM CENTER
text: The place is filled with a fashionable throng and a generous sprinkling
dialog: of Jewish types, mostly the better, well-to-do Jews of both sexes. The
text: stage is set for concert. There is a small orchestra of string pieces
text: and a grand piano. A man of dignified appearance and dressed in stylish
text: afternoon clothes comes out of the wings and faces the audience.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 169.	CLOSE-UP MAN
dialog: He announces:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 59:	"The next and last number to be sung by Cantor
dialog: Rosenblatt will be the famous song, 'Eli, Eli.'"
dialog: 
text: He bows and retires.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 170.	MED. SHOT STAGE
text: As the announcer retires, Cantor Rosenblatt appears and takes his
text: position. He turns to the orchestra leader who gives the signal for the
dialog: orchestra to play the introduction.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 171.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
dialog: He starts singing "Eli, Eli."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 172.	CLOSE SHOT AUDIENCE
text: In a small group sits Jack Robin. He is sitting up straight, his eyes
text: fixed on the cantor in an almost hypnotic stare.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 173.	MED. SHOT STAGE
text: Showing the cantor singing and the orchestra playing. (Other shots as
dialog: needed for Vitaphone purposes.)
scene_heading: 174.	CLOSE-UP JACK
text: He has slumped in his seat and he is listening intently, his eyes still
text: fixed on the singer.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 175.	REVERSE SHOT CANTOR
text: It is a fairly close shot of the singer alone as Jack would see him from
text: a seat well in front of the house. The figure slowly dissolves into the
text: figure of Jack's aged father, Cantor Rabinowitz.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 176.	CLOSE-UP JACK
text: His eyes are half closed as he visions his aged father singing in
text: Rosenblatt's place. He rubs a hand across his eyes slowly.
scene_heading: 177.	CLOSE-UP RABINOWITZ
text: The figure slowly dissolves into the real singer, Rosenblatt. In this
text: shot he finishes the song. He bows and starts to exit.
scene_heading: 178.	CLOSE SHOT SECTION AUDIENCE
text: They are applauding. Jack is still under the spell of the singing and
text: his thoughts. The people on either side of him get up and start out. He
text: is alone, slumped down in his seat, his eyes half closed again as the
text: scene slowly FADES OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 179.	SYNAGOGUE ANTEROOM
text: There are about twenty Jewish boys in the room, much as they were in the
text: early part of the story. One of the boys, Moey, goes over to the
text: battered old piano, which, like other furniture of the room, is exactly
text: as it was ten years ago. Moey starts to play on the piano and the boys
text: quickly gather around him. They start to sing with him. (Vitaphone.)
scene_heading: 180.	CLOSE-UP MOEY
text: He is playing and singing "Yes, Sir, She's My Baby" with much gusto.
scene_heading: 181.	MED.SHOT GROUP
text: All of the boys are singing with him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 182.	EXT. SYNAGOGUE
dialog: Cantor Rabinowitz, much more feeble than when we last saw him, is
text: approaching the door of the room in which the boys are singing. He
text: pauses as he hears the strains of unfamiliar -- and, to his ears,
dialog: profane -- music.
scene_heading: 183.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: As he stops, his brow sets in a frown and his lips tighten. He throws
text: back his shoulders in a determined manner and starts for the door.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 184.	INT. ROOM MED. SHOT
text: The boys are still singing the popular song to Moey's jazzy
dialog: accompaniment.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 185.	FULL SHOT ROOM FROM PIANO
text: The door opens and the cantor's rigid figure appears. One of the boys
text: jabs Moey in the back with a whispered alarm.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 186.	CLOSE-UP MOEY
text: As the other boy jabs him, Moey, with hardly a change in tempo, starts
text: playing and singing "Eli, Eli" with a very sanctimonious expression on
dialog: his face.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 187.	MED. SHOT BOYS
dialog: They, with Moey, are all singing "Eli, Eli."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 188.	FULL SHOT ROOM FROM DOOR
text: The boys are singing the famous wailing song, as the cantor, standing in
text: the foreground, listens uncertainly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 189.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He brushes a hand across his forehead in a perplexed manner. He is sure
dialog: that the music he heard from outside was not "Eli, Eli." Yet, he is
text: getting old and perhaps his ears are failing as well as his sight. Maybe
text: he has done the boys an injustice. His manner relaxes and he starts
text: toward the boys. (Vitaphone music is still going on.)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 190.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: The cantor goes over to a side of the room, hangs up his battered old
text: derby hat, and puts on his familiar skullcap. One of the boys turns
text: around and, just as though discovering that the cantor has entered, he
dialog: tells Moey.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 191.	CLOSE SHOT MOEY AND BOYS
text: Moey gives an exclamation of surprise and stops playing suddenly.
text: (Vitaphone music stops.) The boys cease singing also and, with their
text: best synagogue manner, they start toward the cantor to extend the usual
text: salutation. Moey goes to the other side of the piano on which there is a
text: box. He picks up the box and goes toward the cantor.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 192.	MED. SHOT CANTOR
text: As Moey with the box goes up to him, the other boys fall in behind him.
text: The cantor looks at them in a surprised way, reaches in his pocket for
text: his glasses and puts them on, looks at Moey, and says: "Nu, what is
text: going on yet?" Moey hands the box in the direction of the cantor and
text: starts to say something.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 193.	CLOSE-UP MOEY AND CANTOR
text: Moey stammers a moment, then reaches in his pocket and, with the other
text: hand still holding out the box, he unfolds a wrinkled slip of paper with
text: the other, holds it up, and reads it:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 60:	"On the occasion of your sixtieth birthday,
dialog: Cantor Rabinowitz, your loving choir boys wish
dialog: to present you this token, with best wishes for
dialog: your continued peace, prosperity, and
dialog: longevity."
dialog: 
text: Back to scene. Moey stammers over the last word and, with a sigh of
text: relief, drops the paper. The cantor looks puzzled, then a smile
text: illumines his face as he takes the box, saying:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 61:	"That was a nice speech, Moey -- I forgot it
dialog: was my birthday."
text: Moey smiles happily and, referring to the speech, he says:
dialog: TITLE 62:	"Yes, my brother Clarence what goes to collitch,
dialog: writes it for me."
text: Meanwhile, the cantor is opening the box. He takes out a prayer shawl,
text: wrapped in tissue paper.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 194.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He unfolds the shawl eagerly and holds it up in pleased admiration,
dialog: saying:
dialog: TITLE 63:	"It's a prayer shawl! Just what I needed!"
text: Back to scene. There is a tear in his eye as he beams on the boys.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 195.	MED. SHOT GROUP
text: The boys gather around him. Moey assumes an air of importance.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 196.	CLOSE-UP MOEY
text: He says, in reply to the cantor's remarks:
dialog: TITLE 64:	"Yes, it's a good one. Regular price nine
dialog: bucks, but we got it for seven-ninety-eight."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 197.	MED. SHOT GROUP
text: The cantor beams on Moey again as he starts wrapping the shawl up again.
text: He puts it in its box and places it on the piano, then turns to the
dialog: boys.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 198.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He assumes his old familiar attitude as he addresses the youngsters,
dialog: saying:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 65:	"And now we sing 'Kol Nidre' some -- in a month
dialog: it will be Yom Kippur and we must get it good."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 199.	MED. SHOT GROUP
text: The boys line up in their accustomed manner, and the cantor gives them
dialog: the signal to begin singing."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 200.	INT. LIVING ROOM FULL SHOT
text: Sara is standing at the table talking to another woman, Mrs. Rubin. She
text: is untying a parcel and the other woman is watching her eagerly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 201.	CLOSE SHOT BOTH
text: As Sara unwraps the package, she takes out a prayer shawl. She holds it
dialog: up in admiration as she says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 66:	"I couldn't think of a more nice birthday
dialog: present for him."
dialog: 
text: Mrs. Rubin strokes it admiringly and nods her agreement with Sara's
dialog: remark.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 202.	EXT. HOME
text: Yudelson is coming along the street with several packages and carrying a
text: jug of wine under his arm. He mounts the steps and rings the bell at the
dialog: Rabinowitz door.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 203.	CLOSE-UP YUDELSON
text: He readjusts the packages which are slipping from his hold. One of the
text: packages is seen to be a large fowl, of which the feet are protruding.
text: He transfers the jug of wine carefully to the other hand.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 204.	INT. HOME
text: Mrs. Rabinowitz hears the bell and starts for the door. Mrs. Rubin
text: starts to make a hurried exit out of the back door as though not
text: desiring to encounter visitors in her housedress, but is prevailed upon
text: to remain, as Sara goes to the front door to admit Yudelson. Mrs.
text: Rabinowitz reappears, ushering in the visitor very ceremoniously. Mrs.
text: Rubin goes up to greet the new arrival, apologizing as she does for her
text: attire. Yudelson walks over to the table and dumps on it his parcels
text: with a long sigh of relief. The last thing he deposits is the jug of
text: wine, which he sets down carefully.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 205.	CLOSE-UP GROUP
text: As Yudelson arranges the parcels on the table, Mrs. Rabinowitz looks
text: askance at him, and Mrs. Rubin starts fingering the fowl. He tells Sara
text: that it is for the cantor's birthday dinner. He picks up the long
text: package and hands it to Sara, saying:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 67:	"The turkey is from Nathan Levy for the
dialog: birthday dinner -- but this from me is a fine
dialog: prayer shawl for the cantor."
dialog: 
text: Sara gives Mrs. Rubin an embarrassed look. Then, thanking Yudelson, she
dialog: says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 68:	"It's awful good of you -- just what the cantor
dialog: needs, a new shawl."
dialog: 
text: Yudelson beams proudly as Sara edges over to Mrs. Rubin. Yudelson starts
dialog: walking away.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 206.	CLOSE-UP BOTH WOMEN
dialog: Sara whispers to Mrs. Rubin:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 69:	"Now I got to exchange my present for something
dialog: else again."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 207.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: As Sara finishes title, Yudelson joins the women. He asks where the
text: cantor is and Sara points to the synagogue next door. Yudelson says
text: he'll drop in on him and exits out of the front door, leaving it open
text: behind him. Sara picks up the packages, then drops that containing the
text: shawl back on the table and takes the fowl into the kitchen. Mrs. Rubin
text: tells her she must be going, and she goes out with her. In the distance
text: she is seen going out of the back door.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 208.	EXT. STREET
text: Coming along the street approaching the house is Jack Robin. He is
text: walking briskly, a leather traveling bag in one hand, a cane in the
text: other, and a straw hat set rakishly on his head. He is wearing a well-
text: fitting grey suit, tailored in excellent taste. People he passes stop
text: and look at him as though they thought such a figure was out of place in
text: this neighborhood. He looks curiously at the house in which he spent his
text: early youth and passes up the steps.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 209.	EXT. ENTRANCE CLOSE SHOT
text: At the door which stands slightly ajar as Yudelson left it, Jack pauses.
text: His light manner leaves him as he finds himself again on the threshold
text: of his home. He hesitates as though not knowing whether to ring the bell
text: or walk in. He finally decides on the latter and enters the house
text: hesitatingly.
scene_heading: 210.	INT. LIVING ROOM FULL SHOT
text: Sara is visible through the door into the kitchen as Jack walks into the
text: room rather haltingly. He lays down his bag on a chair, places his stick
text: alongside of it, and looks about to note what changes have been wrought
text: since he left home. His attention is attracted to sounds from without.
text: He pauses and listens.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 211.	INT. CHOIR ROOM FULL SHOT
text: The boys under the leadership of the cantor are singing. (Vitaphone at
dialog: distance.)
scene_heading: 212.	MED. SHOT JACK
text: He recognizes the air, and a look of yearning comes into his eyes. He
text: brushes away a tear. Then as he spies his mother in the kitchen, he
text: coughs to attract her attention.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 213.	CLOSE-UP MOTHER
text: She turns suddenly from the fowl on which she has been working. She is
text: startled for a moment, then the look of surprise is followed by a
text: puzzled glance at the stranger in the living room. Slowly over her face
text: comes a realization of the identity of the visitor. With a glad cry she
text: starts toward the other room.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 214.	INT. LIVING ROOM MED. SHOT
text: Jack sees his mother coming toward him and, with arms outstretched, he
text: goes forward to greet her and in a moment they are locked in each
dialog: other's arms.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 215.	CLOSE-UP MOTHER AND SON
text: As they kiss each other affectionately, Sara wipes the tears from her
text: eyes. There are tears of joy in Jack's eyes too. Finally he holds her
text: off and looks at her with a semblance of his old impudent grin. He says
dialog: kiddingly:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 70:	"You don't look a day older, Mama -- just like
dialog: a chicken."
dialog: 
text: Sara chides him with mock solemnity.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 216.	CLOSE SHOT BOTH
text: Sara starts plying Jack with questions which come so fast that he is
text: obliged to call a halt. He puts a hand gently over her mouth and says,
dialog: "Listen, just a minute, Mama." He adds:
dialog: TITLE 71:	"I just got into town and I hurried right down
dialog: to see you and Papa before I went to find out
dialog: about my new job."
dialog: 
text: Sara looks at him questioningly. He continues:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 72: 	"I got a wire to come and join a new revue show
dialog: -- it's a great chance -- my name in electric
dialog: lights -- everything -- no more vaudeville --
dialog: me Jakie Rabinowitz maybe a Broadway star,
dialog: Mama."
dialog: 
text: Sara looks at him, only half comprehending what he is talking about.
text: Finally Jack sits her down in a chair.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 217.	MED. SHOT SAME
text: Jack tells her to keep quiet a moment. Then he goes to his bag, opens
text: it, and extracts a small jeweler's box. He hands it to his mother,
text: telling her it's a little something he picked up for her. She holds it a
text: moment as she looks from Jack to the box. He says it's for her and to
text: open it. She does so hesitatingly, and her eyes widen as she sees the
text: glittering brooch which reposes in the plush-lined box.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 218.	CLOSE-UP MOTHER
text: Her lips form the word "diamonds" in a startled manner as her eyes
text: reflect the glitter of the jewel. She looks up at Jack and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 73:	"Are you sure it's for me, Jakie?"
dialog: 
scene_heading: 219.	MED. SHOT BOTH
text: Jack laughs as he says of course it's for her. She shakes her head at
text: this unheard of extravagance. She tells him he shouldn't have spent so
text: much money for her. Jack laughs heartily.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 220	CLOSE-UP JACK
dialog: He tells her that it's nothing at all, adding:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 74:	"I got so much money, Mama, Rockefeller is
dialog: jealous of me -- and Henry Ford is always
dialog: trying to borrow from me."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 221.	MED. SHOT BOTH
text: Sara gets up and tells Jack that she will call his father. Jack tells
text: her not to, that he wants to look around first. He spies the piano and
text: goes over to it.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 222. CLOSE-UP JACK AT PIANO
text: He looks over the piano, fingers the keys appraisingly, and asks when
dialog: they got it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 223.	CLOSE-UP SARA
dialog: She says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 75:	"The congregation presented it to Papa last
dialog: year."
dialog: 
text: He pats her shoulder tenderly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 224.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: Sara walks over to the piano as Jack sits down and starts to play a
text: jazzy tune. He gets through several bars when the front door opens and
text: the cantor appears. He hesitates at the unwonted sounds coming from his
dialog: cherished piano.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 225.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: His brows knit in a deep frown as he listens a moment. Then he takes a
dialog: resolute step forward.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 226.	FULL SHOT ROOM FROM DOOR
text: As the cantor enters the room, he takes out his glasses and adjusts
text: them. Sara sees him coming and she puts a hand on Jack's arm to stop
text: him, telling him that his father has arrived. Jack swings around on the
text: stool, gets up, and hurries over to greet his father. As Jack puts out
text: his hand, the cantor makes no effort to take it. Sara hurries forward.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 227.	CLOSE SHOT THREE
text: Jack is saying, "Why, hello, Papa!" The cantor remains impassive as the
text: frown deepens. Sara goes to him and, pointing to Jack, says eagerly to
dialog: her husband:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 76:	"Look, it's your son -- he said 'Hello, Papa'
dialog: to you."
text: Jack nods in corroboration of this news. The cantor merely stiffens.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 228.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He glares at Jack as he demands:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 77: 	"What you mean, coming in my house and playing
dialog: on my piano your music from the streets -- your
dialog: jazz?"
dialog: 
scene_heading: 229.	CLOSE SHOT GROUP
text: Jack is abashed at this. He hesitates and Sara rushes in and takes the
text: blame for Jack playing. She pleads with the old man to welcome Jack, but
text: he remains adamant. He again points a condemning finger at Jack.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 230.	CLOSE-UP FATHER
text: He almost shouts at him:
dialog: TITLE 78:	"I taught you to sing to God -- to be a cantor
dialog: like your fathers. But you liked better to
dialog: sing in beer halls than in the temple. You're
dialog: the same now."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 231.	CLOSE SHOT GROUP
text: Sara takes the cantor's hand and pleads with him, saying that Jack
text: doesn't deserve such treatment. Jack assumes also a pleading attitude.
text: Sara tells the cantor to remember that it is his birthday. At this Jack
text: goes to his bag.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 232.	CLOSE-UP JACK AT CHAIR
text: He is rummaging in the bag excitedly and fishes out a package. He looks
dialog: up and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 79:	"Sure, Papa, I remembered it was your birthday.
dialog: See, I brought you a present too."
dialog: 
text: He unwraps it, disclosing a prayer shawl.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 233.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR AND WIFE
text: Sara is talking to him excitedly, telling him how wonderful that Jakie
dialog: should remember all these years, his papa's birthday. The cantor is
text: beginning to weaken under this assault. Sara leaves him for Jack.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 234.	MED. SHOT ROOM
text: Sara goes over to Jack excitedly and takes the shawl from him. As she
text: sees it, there is just a second's change when she sees with dismay that
text: it is another prayer shawl. Her manner changes immediately to one of
text: excited delight. As Jack looks appealingly at his father, Sara holds up
text: the shawl for him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 235.	CLOSE-UP SARA
text: As she holds up the shawl, stroking its soft folds affectionately, she
dialog: says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 80:	"See, Papa, just what you needed -- a nice new
dialog: prayer shawl."
dialog: 
text: She starts toward him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 236.	MED. SHOT GROUP
text: Jack follows Sara to the side of the old man. He takes the shawl from
text: her and addressing his father says, almost tearfully:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 81:	"Many happy returns of the day to our cantor.
dialog: Ever hear that before when I was a little boy,
dialog: Papa?"
dialog: 
scene_heading: 237.	CLOSE SHOT GROUP
text: As the cantor stands impassively, Sara takes his arm and says to him:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 82:	"Look, Papa, Jakie is making you a speech,
dialog: like when he was a little boy on your
dialog: birthday."
dialog: 
text: The cantor looks up as though from a reverie and, bowing in a dignified
text: manner, says: "Thank you." He makes no effort to take the shawl, which
text: Sara takes. She exclaims upon the fine weave and cloth, saying it is the
text: best one the cantor has ever had, etc. Jack grows more embarrassed as
text: the cantor shows no sign of relenting and shifts from one foot to
text: another. He finally looks away from his father to his mother and, taking
dialog: the cue from her, remarks:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 83:	"Sure, it's a good one -- the best money could
dialog: buy."
dialog: 
text: The old man shows interest at this. He repeats the boy's words. There is
text: a question in his manner, or a conclusion, but seizing upon it as an
text: opening, Jack eagerly declares:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 84:	"Sure, Papa, I'm making plenty jack. And I'm
dialog: going to make more. Ain't many can put over a
dialog: Mammy song like me."
text: He continues talking about his work. The old man's eyes assume a steely
text: glitter. Jack continues talking glibly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 238.	CLOSE-UP FATHER
text: He glares at Jack. Finally he holds up a hand for silence, then snaps
dialog: out:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 85:	"So you sing your dirty songs in theayters now!
text: First on the sidewalks, then beer halls and now
dialog: theayters."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 239.	CLOSE-UP GROUP
text: Sara tries to stop the old man. Jack, surprised at this new attack,
text: tries to defend himself. The old man doesn't want to listen. Finally
text: Jack, aroused now to the fact that he must fight to get the respect of
text: his father, demands that his father listen to him. He grasps his
text: father's hand. The old man stares at him in surprise. He starts to
text: protest and Jack silences him.
scene_heading: 240.	CLOSE-UP JACK
text: He leans forward as he says, earnestly:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 86:	"You taught me to sing -- and you told me that
dialog: music was the voice of God -- and it is just as
dialog: honorable to sing in the theater as in the
dialog: synagogue."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 241.	CLOSE-UP FATHER AND SON
text: As Jack finishes title, he endeavors to continue but the old man stops
text: him. He points to the door. Jack, with a gesture of defeat, turns away
text: from him, toward the chair upon which are his things.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 242.	MED. SHOT GROUP
text: Sara goes to the old man and pleads with him not to be so hard on their
text: only boy. The old man stiffens and waves her away. Jack starts closing
text: his bag. The old man picks up the shawl and holds it to him, saying that
dialog: he wants nothing bought with his unclean money.
text: Jack disregards him, closing the bag. Sara takes it and the old man
text: tells her to burn it if it is not taken away. Jack turns to his mother.
text: She comes to him, and he puts his arms around her. The old man stands
text: like a statue waiting for Jack to leave his roof. Sara kisses Jack, and
text: he kisses her and pats her on the back.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 243.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND MOTHER
text: He finally disengages her hands and talks to her soothingly. He picks up
text: his things and starts to go. Then he turns and faces his father.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 244.	CLOSE-UP FATHER
text: He stands looking over Jack's head, silently waiting his departure .
dialog: 
scene_heading: 245.	CLOSE-UP JACK
text: He hesitates a moment, then addresses his father quietly. He says:
dialog: TITLE 87:	"Some day, Papa, maybe you'll understand things
dialog: like Mama does."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 246.	MED. SHOT GROUP
text: The father affects not to hear. He merely points to the door. Jack turns
text: to his mother, says good-by to her again, and starts toward the door.
text: The old man stands impassively as Jack passes him on his way out. Sara
text: makes an impulsive gesture in Jack's direction, but the old man stays
text: her with a slight movement of his hand.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SLOW FADE OUT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 247.	FULL SHOT STAGE THEATER
text: The camera is set upstage center and is shooting toward footlights.
text: There is a row of twenty-four chorus girls downstage, extending across,
text: all in rehearsal rompers, and they are dancing in unison. As they finish
text: a kick, a tall lanky figure of a man in shirt-sleeves rises from the
text: footlights and halts them with a hand in the air. He is Jim Sparks who
text: puts on the dances, and he starts telling the girls in expressive
dialog: language just what he thinks of their efforts and where he thinks they
dialog: belong.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 248.	CLOSE-UP SPARKS
text: He finishes telling them what he thinks of them, then tells them to
text: watch him. Although his timing and technique are correct, his efforts,
text: because of his build and attire, make him appear ludicrous. He stops and
text: calls to the piano player to do it over again. Addressing the girls, he
dialog: says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 88:	"Now let's have some life in it -- and don't be
dialog: afraid of busting anything."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 249.	FULL SHOT STAGE FROM SIDE
text: Sparks backs away and the girls go into the steps as he did it. He nods
text: approvingly. A small group of people appear in the wings on the opposite
text: side of the stage and stand watching the dancers. There are two men and
dialog: a woman.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 250.	CLOSE SHOT GROUP
text: Camera is in wings behind them and dancers are seen in the background
text: going through their evolutions. The girl turns to talk to the man at her
text: left, and it is seen that she is Mary Dale. The man is Randolph
text: Dillings, a middle-aged, well-dressed, rather distinguished type, a
dialog: well-to-do businessman who finds amusement and sometimes profit in
text: dabbling in stage enterprises. The other man, somewhat younger, is Harry
dialog: Lee, the producer of the show.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 251.	CLOSE-UP DILLINGS
text: He looks away from the dancers and says something to Lee.
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 89:	Randolph Dillings whose money was behind the
dialog: new edition of "April Follies."
dialog: 
text: Back. He is talking.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 252. CLOSE-UP LEE
text: He answers Dillings and turns away with a frown.
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 90:	Harry Lee who was staking his reputation as a
text: producer on the same show.
dialog: 
text: He is watching the girls and nervously chewing his cigar. He takes out
text: his watch and looks at it.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 253.	CLOSE SHOT THREE
text: Lee turns to Mary and tells her that it is about time that the new
text: comedian is showing up. Mary smiles and tells him that they needn't
text: worry about him. Dillings turns to Mary anxiously and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 91:	"You're sure, Mary, that this discovery of
dialog: yours can sing as well as Hal Bolton?"
dialog: 
text: Mary nods and smiles confidently. She says:
dialog: TITLE 92: 	"He's better than Bolton. You won't be sorry
dialog: you took my advice."
dialog: 
text: The men continue to look worried, however, and Mary starts to tell them
dialog: more about the new comedian.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 254.	EXT. STAGE DOOR
text: The old man who sits in the doorway looks up and instinctively puts a
text: foot across the entrance, and a second later Jack Robin appears. He is
text: not carrying the bag or cane now. Otherwise he appears as he did a few
text: hours earlier at the home of his father. He tells the old man who he is.
text: The latter grudgingly admits him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 255.	FULL SHOT STAGE FROM WINGS
text: The three are still in the foreground, and Sparks is drilling the girls
text: relentlessly. They stop at the end of the dance, and Sparks walks over
text: to the group. Dillings steps over and starts to talk to him as Jack
text: comes into the scene. Mary turns as she hears his step and goes to greet
text: him. Lee stands where he was. Jack stops as he sees Mary. She goes to
text: him with outstretched hands.
scene_heading: 256.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND MARY
text: He stands looking at Mary in a surprised manner as she comes into scene
text: and greets him. Jack is still speechless except for the first "Mary
text: Dale!" Mary takes his hand. He looks at her, then blurts out:
dialog: TITLE 93:	"Why, what are you doing here?"
text: Mary laughs mischievously as she asks him if he has any objections to
text: her being there. Jack in an embarrassed manner says that he only said
dialog: that because he was so surprised to see her. He says:
dialog: TITLE 94:	"Then you're in this show, too?"
text: Mary nods and says with mock modesty:
dialog: TITLE 95:	"I'm merely the star, sir."
text: She looks up at him and says with a smile:
dialog: TITLE 96:	"And you're to be the other star."
dialog: 
text: Jack looks at her in a stunned manner. Gradually he solves the riddle:
dialog: it was Mary who was responsible for his summons to the big city -- the
dialog: great chance at last to shine on Broadway, every actor's ultimate goal.
text: He starts to blurt out his thanks. Mary stops him, then with a hurried
dialog: look around, she tells him to wait until later and they'll talk it all
dialog: over.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 257. 	MED. SHOT SAME
text: Lee and Dillings come into the scene and Mary presents Jack to them.
text: Jack is somewhat embarrassed. He shakes hands perfunctorily with
text: Dillings but is rather more impressed by Lee. Dillings turns away after
text: the introduction, and Lee, trying to put Jack at his ease, asks him if
text: he will be ready for a rehearsal that evening. Jack nods.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 258.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND LEE
text: Lee takes a part book out of his pocket and hands it to Jack and tells
dialog: him he will give him the songs later. He says to Jack:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 97:	"You've been very highly recommended -- but
dialog: we've only got one person's word for it that
dialog: you can deliver."
dialog: 
text: Jack takes a step closer to Lee eagerly and tells him that he is sure
text: that he can make good. Lee nods rather ruefully and says:
dialog: TITLE 98:	"Well if you don't I'm sunk, because there is
dialog: only two weeks before the opening -- and
dialog: Dillings will be out a bunch of jack."
text: Back to scene. Jack again assures him eagerly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 259.	MED. SHOT GROUP
text: Mary and Dillings rejoin Jack and Lee. Mary's attitude toward Jack is so
text: friendly that Dillings looks askance at her. Mary and Jack start talking
text: about the last time they saw each other in Chicago. Dillings breaks in
text: on the conversation. Lee looks at his watch and walks away toward the
text: center of the stage.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 260.	CLOSE SHOT THREE
text: Dillings turns to Mary and says that if she is ready he will take her to
text: dinner. Mary hesitates a moment, then after a quick look at Jack, she
dialog: turns to Dillings and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 99:	"I'm awfully sorry -- I just promised Mr. Robin
dialog: I'd have dinner with him -- I want to tell him
dialog: about the play."
dialog: 
text: Dillings looks from one to the other and, with an inarticulate grunt of
text: disgust, he raises his hat grudgingly and stalks out of the scene. Jack
text: stands looking at Mary dumbly. She turns and smiles at him.
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE INTO:
scene_heading: 261.	INT.CAFE CLOSE-UP
text: Jack and Mary are sitting in a corner of the cafe at a little table
text: facing each other. Mary is talking with animation. The waiter sets down
text: some dishes before them and exits. Mary finishes what she is saying and
text: Jack leans forward. He says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 100:	"I can never -- if I live to be a million --
dialog: ever thank you, Mary, for what you have done
dialog: for me."
dialog: 
text: Mary holds up a hand in mock severity, much in the attitude of a traffic
text: cop halting an auto. She tells him to forget it. He says that he can't
text: and doesn't want to forget it. She is becoming embarrassed under his
text: earnestness. Finally he reaches over and takes her hand. Her eyes look
text: away from him. He leans over further and says half whisperingly:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 101:	"I suppose you think I'm out of my head, but
dialog: I--I'm crazy about you, Mary."
dialog: 
text: Mary looks up and says promptly:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 102:	"I'm crazy about you, too."
dialog: 
text: Jack looks at her then, a puzzled imploring look. He stammers out:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 103:	"You don't know what I mean."
text: Mary smiles and says, "What do you mean?" Jack takes a deep breath and
dialog: blurts out:
dialog: TITLE 104:	"I mean that I love you -- that I want to marry
dialog: you."
text: Mary leans over. The smile leaves her face. She strokes his hand as she
dialog: says quietly:
dialog: TITLE 105:	"That is what I thought you meant."
dialog: 
text: They lean over closely, looking into each other's eyes.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 262.	CLOSE-UP DILLINGS
text: The camera is behind him and takes in part of his shoulder and hand
text: holding newspaper, without disclosing his identity.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
dialog: 
text: Vignetted column section which reads as follows:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: INSERT NEWSPAPER
dialog: 
dialog: "April Follies," which will be the next musical
text: revue on Broadway, opens tomorrow night at the
text: Fulton with several newcomers making their bow
dialog: in New York. Heading the list will be Jack
dialog: Robin, recruited from vaudeville, who is
dialog: expected to prove a sensation, and Mary Dale,
dialog: the clever danseuse, a vaudeville headliner
dialog: early this season. Robin is said to have been
text: discovered by Miss Dale while singing in a
dialog: resort in San Francisco.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: 263.	CLOSE-UP DILLINGS FROM FRONT
text: He is seated in a very luxuriously equipped office. He shows much
text: annoyance at what he has read. He crumples up the paper and throws it on
text: the floor. Then he hurls his cigar into a corner of the room. He pauses
text: a moment as though considering what to do and finally jumps to his feet.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 264.	FULL SHOT OFFICE
text: Dillings goes quickly over to a hat tree, takes his coat and hat, and
text: exits hastily.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 265.	INT. THEATER
text: With camera in fly gallery, unique shot may be had of chorus in action
text: on stage in the midst of a rehearsal. Mary Dale is doing her dance with
dialog: the chorus.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 266.	CLOSE-UP MARY
text: She is seen as from the front in her dance.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 267. FULL SHOT STAGE FROM WINGS
text: The chorus closes in behind Mary in some evolution of the dance, as Jack
text: and another player, both in costume, come into the foreground. As the
text: dance ends, they applaud heartily, and Lee, who has taken charge of the
text: last few rehearsals, motions from the side, dismissing them. The girls
text: troop off on the other side and Mary comes over to Jack.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 268.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND MARY
text: Jack is still applauding Mary as she, slightly out of breath from her
text: exertions, joins him. He takes her hands and tells her what a wonderful
text: dancer she is. Mary smiles in a deprecating manner and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 106:	"But it's you who will be famous tomorrow
dialog: night, Jack. It looks very much as though it
dialog: were your show. They're giving you everything."
dialog: 
text: Jack makes a nervous, self-disparaging gesture. Then he comes closer to
dialog: her and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 107:	"If I'm the success all of you think I will be,
dialog: I will only have you to thank."
dialog: 
text: Mary smiles and, without saying anything further, she presses his hand
text: and starts out of the scene toward her dressing room.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 269.	FULL SHOT STAGE
text: As Mary leaves him, Jack turns around to look after her. He hesitates,
text: however, as he sees Lee and Randolph Dillings, a few steps away, follow
text: the girl with their eyes, then turn and look at him. Jack starts toward
text: them, then, seeing that they start talking earnestly together, he turns
text: the other way as though to go over on the other side of the stage. He
text: goes to the piano downstage.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 270.	CLOSE-UP LEE AND DILLINGS
text: Dillings has finished saying something to him as Lee's jaw drops. He
text: looks at him in surprise and blurts out:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 108:	"You don't mean you'd take your money out of
dialog: the show the last minute?"
dialog: 
text: Back to scene. Dillings nods firmly. Lee demands to know the reason for
text: this sudden determination. Dillings points in the direction of Mary's
dialog: room and then to Jack. He says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 109:	"Just the idea of Mary's interest in this jazz
dialog: singer of yours."
dialog: 
text: Back to scene. Lee starts to argue with Dillings, telling him that it is
text: nothing serious. Dillings, however, has guessed the true state of
dialog: affairs. He adds:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 110:	"I have no further interest in her career. Just
dialog: mail me a check today."
dialog: 
text: He starts to leave.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 271.	FULL SHOT STAGE
text: As Dillings leaves, Lee follows him, still eagerly trying to explain
text: that there is nothing between the two principals of the show. Just as he
text: is about to exit, Mary comes from her dressing room and almost collides
text: with him. Lee rushes up to them and takes Dillings's arm. Jack, who is
text: at the piano, sees Mary and starts across stage toward the group.
scene_heading: 272.	MED. SHOT GROUP
text: Mary takes Dillings's arm, and he stops his progress somewhat
text: unwillingly. It is evident that he wishes to avoid a scene with Mary.
text: Before she can say anything, however, Lee says to Mary:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 111:	"He's taking his money out of the show on account of Jack."
dialog: 
text: Dillings is growing more embarrassed. Mary looks at Lee, then at
text: Dillings, not understanding at first. Then she realizes the true
text: situation. She looks at Lee.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 273.	CLOSE-UP MARY AND LEE
text: She smiles quietly and says to Lee:
dialog: TITLE 112:	"I suppose you would like to have me say that
dialog: I only regard Jack as a fellow performer."
dialog: 
text: Lee nods eagerly. The smile does not leave Mary's face. She turns away
dialog: from Lee.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 274.	CLOSE-UP OF THREE
text: As Lee leans closer to hear her answer, Mary says to Dillings:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 113:	"Well, I'm sorry that I cannot -- or perhaps it
dialog: would be better to say that I am glad."
dialog: 
text: Dillings nods in quiet acquiescence. Lee looks crestfallen. Mary puts a
text: hand affectionately on Lee's arm.
scene_heading: 275. MED. SHOT GROUP
text: Dillings is raising his hat as he endeavors again to leave, just as Jack
text: comes into the scene. Jack goes up to Dillings and says "how do you do"
text: to him. The latter gives him a cold look of nonrecognition, bows again
text: stiffly to the other two, and exits, Jack looking after him in mock
dialog: dismay.
scene_heading: 276.	CLOSE-UP JACK
text: He looks at the other two and says ruefully:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 114:	"I just got a hunch that he don't like me --
dialog: maybe he thinks I wear these clothes on the
dialog: street."
text: He looks down at his trick suit.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 277.	CLOSE SHOT THREE
text: Mary and Lee laugh at this sally, and as Jack joins them, Mary looks up
text: at Lee, her hand on his arm:
dialog: 
scene_heading: 278.	CLOSE-UP MARY
dialog: She says to Lee:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 115:	"Does it mean that you are going to be in a fix
dialog: for money?"
dialog: 
scene_heading: 279.	CLOSE-UP THREE
text: Lee pats the girl's hand. He hesitates, then says, "Oh, I'm always in a
dialog: fix for money." Mary is too much in earnest, however, to accept this
text: light dismissal of his difficulty. She looks up at him and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 116:	"If you need it, Mr. Lee, I have a few thousand
dialog: in the savings bank, and--"
dialog: 
text: Lee stops her, telling her that she is a good kid and how much he
dialog: appreciates her offer, but he'll worry through all right. Jack is about
text: to say something, when the stage doorkeeper enters and addresses him.
text: Lee mops his brow in his nervousness and starts away from group. Mary
text: looks after him, reflecting his worry.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 280.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND DOORMAN
text: He is telling Jack that there is a caller for him. Jack asks again what
dialog: the name is. The doorman says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 117:	"Says his name is Bugelson, or something like
dialog: that, and he knew you when ... "
text: Jack breaks in on him, his face lighting up. He tells the doorkeeper to
text: show the man in. The doorman leaves.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 281.	FULL SHOT STAGE
text: The chorus girls are trooping out on the stage from all sides for
text: another number when Yudelson is seen entering from the outer entrance.
text: He looks around puzzled, as he would be on a first visit to such a
text: place. He stops and looks around him, puzzled by the strange
dialog: surroundings.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 282.	CLOSE-UP YUDELSON
text: He is dressed in his best Shabbas suit as befits the business head of a
text: prosperous congregation as well as a successful broker. He looks around
text: in a dazed way and his eyes fall on the girls of the chorus. He has
text: never seen that many bare knees in his life and his eyes bulge. He
text: starts in the direction of the stage where the girls are congregating,
text: in the manner of a man under a hypnotic spell.
scene_heading: 283.	MED. SHOT JACK
text: Jack, who has been talking to Mary, spies Yudelson and starts toward
text: him. Mary goes to the stage opening.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 284.	CLOSE-UP GROUP OF GIRLS
text: One of the girls in the center of the group is doing some high kicks and
text: the others are critically viewing her efforts.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 285.	MED. SHOT STAGE
text: Yudelson walks right out on the stage where the girls are grouped, his
text: eyes fixed on the kicker's legs. Jack comes up to him and takes his arm,
text: and Yudelson comes out of his trance.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 286.	CLOSE-UP YUDELSON AND JACK
text: Yudelson exclaims with pleasure as Jack takes his hand and shakes it,
text: although he is still puzzled at Jack's appearance. He shakes his head as
text: he sees the changes that the years have wrought in the boy. He points to
dialog: the door and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 118:	"He didn't know who I mean by Jake Rabinowitz
dialog: -- I forget your mama told me you are now Jakie
dialog: Robin."
dialog: 
text: Jack laughs and takes Yudelson's arm to walk him off the stage.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 287.	FULL SHOT STAGE
text: As Jack and Yudelson walk toward camera, Lee calls for the rehearsal of
text: another number and the girls start taking their positions. Yudelson, now
text: in the immediate foreground, turns around to get another look. Jack,
text: laughing, turns him back the other way, telling him that he's liable to
text: lose an eye if he doesn't look out. Yudelson pulls himself together. He
text: turns to Jack seriously as both stop just clear of the stage.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 288.	CLOSE-UP BOTH
text: Yudelson tells Jack he has an important message for him. Jack looks at
text: him, a question in his eyes. Yudelson says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 119:	"Tomorrow it is Yom Kippur and we want you
dialog: should sing 'Kol Nidre' in the temple."
dialog: 
text: Jack looks at him in astonishment as Yudelson keeps talking about the
text: meeting of the committee and how he had held out for Jack, who looks at
text: him in surprise. He tries to interrupt several times but Yudelson
text: rattles on. Finally Jack takes his arm and stops him, asking what it's
dialog: all about. He says:
dialog: TITLE 120:	"But what's the matter with my father singing,
dialog: Mr. Yudelson?"
dialog: 
dialog: Yudelson looks surprised, then says: "I forgot to tell you, your papa is
text: sick." Jack is alarmed at this. He asks how long he has been sick and if
dialog: his illness is serious. Yudelson says:
dialog: TITLE 121:	"It's been two weeks -- since the day you was
dialog: there -- and he's got a good doctor -- Dr.
dialog: O'Shaughnessy from the Rockefeller Institute."
text: Jack looks thoughtful.
scene_heading: 289.	CLOSE-UP JACK
dialog: He is saying to himself: "Two weeks -- since the day I was there."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 290.	CLOSE-UP BOTH
text: Jack looks at Yudelson as though weighing his request. Yudelson
text: continues with his arguments, saying that some of the committee were
dialog: against it, but he insisted because they all owed him money. As a final
dialog: argument he says to Jack, eagerly:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 122:	"It would be a fine surprise for your papa if
dialog: you sing."
dialog: 
text: Jack shakes his head slowly. He says, "But he threw me out of the house
text: only two weeks ago." Yudelson nods and replies:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 123:	"Sure, he threw you out but a son's a son no
dialog: matter if he is thrown out twenty times by his
dialog: papa."
dialog: 
text: Back to scene. Jack smiles at Yudelson's eagerness to overcome his
text: objections. He looks toward the stage, then turns to the old man,
text: shaking his head as he says, with an air of finality:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 124:	"But, Mr. Yudelson, our show opens tomorrow
dialog: night -- it's the chance I've dreamed of for
dialog: years -- I can't do what you ask."
dialog: 
text: Yudelson shrugs his shoulders hopelessly and starts to turn.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 291.	MED. SHOT SAME
text: As Yudelson turns, Mary comes into scene. Yudelson pauses and looks at
text: her. Jack, somewhat embarrassed as Mary looks from him to Yudelson,
text: introduces them. Yudelson gives her an admiring look. He gives Jack a
text: look of approval as though personally complimenting him on his good
text: taste. Realizing instinctively that the girl has some influence with
text: Jack, he tries to prevail on her to persuade Jack to do what he wants.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 292.	CLOSE-UP THREE
text: Mary looks at Yudelson, then at Jack. The latter explains the situation.
text: Mary looks at Yudelson, full of sympathy but unable to help him. She
text: shakes her head as she tells him the impossibility of his wish coming
text: true. Yudelson shakes hands with Jack, then with Mary and turns to
dialog: leave.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 293.	MED. SHOT SAME
text: As Yudelson walks slowly away, Lee comes into the scene. He pauses and
text: looks toward the stage.
scene_heading: 294.	CLOSE-UP LEE
dialog: He yells to the girls:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 125:	"Remember, dress rehearsal at two tomorrow --
dialog: and I don't want anyone drifting in at five
dialog: after two."
dialog: 
text: He turns to the others.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 295.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND MARY
text: Jack is on the verge of tears and Mary pats his shoulder softly.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 296.	LIVING ROOM CANTOR'S HOME
text: Yudelson is sitting in a rocking chair reading a Yiddish newspaper. Mrs.
text: Rubin is using a broom on the floor. She comes over to Yudelson and
text: starts to talk with him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 297.	CLOSE-UP BOTH
text: The woman points to the bedroom door and asks Yudelson if he thinks the
text: cantor will recover. Yudelson affects a facetious manner in order to
text: cover up his grief. He says, flippantly:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 126:	"Am I a doctor or a riddle guesser you should
dialog: ask me such questions? I am worrying now about
dialog: who sings 'Kol Nidre' when Yom Kippur begins
dialog: tonight."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 298.	MED. SHOT SAME
text: Mrs. Rubin shakes her head sadly and continues her work. Seeing that he
text: is not observed, Yudelson takes out his handkerchief surreptitiously and
text: gives his eyes a furtive wipe. He looks toward the bedroom door in the
text: background as it opens, and a young woman in nurse's garb comes into the
text: room. Yudelson gets up and rushes to her with a question as to how the
text: cantor is getting along. She shakes her head, and Yudelson drops into
text: the chair as the nurse proceeds to the kitchen.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 299.	INT. BEDROOM FULL SHOT
text: Cantor Rabinowitz, pale and emaciated, is lying helplessly on the bed.
text: His eyes are open and are fixed on the figure of Sara who is busying
text: herself about the room. He motions feebly to her, and she hastens over
text: to his side. She sits in the chair at the bedside and leans over closely
text: to hear what he has to say, gently stroking his hand which she has
dialog: taken.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 300.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR AND WIFE
text: He asks her to lean closer and as she does he starts to whisper to her.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 301.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He looks at his wife pathetically. He says hesitatingly:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 127:	"It's Yom Kippur tonight -- the first time in
dialog: forty-five years I didn't sing in the temple."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 302.	CLOSE-UP BOTH
text: Sara pats his hand soothingly and tells him not to worry about that --
text: that he will be well sooner if he doesn't worry. His eyes are in the
text: past, however, and he is not listening to her. He continues:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 128:	"It will be the first time in five generations
dialog: a Rabinowitz has not sung on the Day of
dialog: Atonement."
dialog: 
text: He closes his eyes as he says this and is silent for awhile. Sara
text: continues stroking his hand.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 303.	MED. SHOT LIVING ROOM
text: Mrs. Rubin is again talking to Yudelson. He is trying to get her to quit
dialog: talking.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 304.	CLOSE-UP BOTH
text: She leans over and, undismayed by his manner, she asks with many
dialog: gestures:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 129:	"But who will sing tonight in the cantor's
dialog: place?"
dialog: 
text: Yudelson makes a gesture of repulsion. He waves her away with:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 130:	"You should let me worry about that -- I am the
dialog: chairman."
dialog: 
text: He tries to read again. She asks him why they don't get Jakie back. He
dialog: ignores her and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 131:	"Anyhow, it won't be that croaker Levy who will
dialog: sing."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 305.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: Mrs. Rubin hears a ring at the door and hurries to the entrance.
text: Yudelson gets up as Dr. O'Shaughnessy enters. He is a big husky, grey-
text: haired Irishman, and he greets the two of them heartily, as one would
dialog: very old friends.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 306.	INT.BEDROOM CLOSE-UP
text: The cantor still has his eyes closed, and Sara is stroking his forehead.
text: Without opening his eyes, he reaches up and puts his withered old hand
text: on that of hers. He opens his eyes and smiles wanly at her. Then he
dialog: says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 132:	"I been dreaming Jakie came back to sing 'Kol
dialog: Nidre'--"
dialog: 
scene_heading: 307.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He pauses a moment, then continues:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 133:	"Maybe God would forgive him -- if he would
dialog: come tonight and sing."
dialog: 
text: He closes his eyes.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 308.	CLOSE-UP BOTH
text: Sara looks startled as the idea comes into her mind of getting Jakie.
text: She removes her hand and looks down to measure the possible effect of
dialog: her departure.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 309.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: As Sara is nervously considering her next step, the door opens and the
text: doctor enters, solving Sara's problem for the moment. She tells the
dialog: cantor that the doctor is here and that she will go away for a little
text: while. The nurse follows the doctor into the room and Sara exits.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 310.	INT. LIVING ROOM
text: As Sara enters, she goes hurriedly to Yudelson. Mrs. Rubin comes over
text: hastily in fear of losing a word.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 311.	CLOSE-UP GROUP
text: Sara tells Yudelson that she is going to get Jakie. The latter tells her
text: it's no use, but she is insistent, and he agrees to go along. Sara tells
dialog: Mrs. Rubin to remain there until they return.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 312.	INT.BEDROOM MED. SHOT
text: The doctor is leaning over the sick man, listening to his heart with a
text: stethoscope. The cantor's eyes are closed. The nurse stands at the side
text: of the doctor. He raises up, folds the stethoscope, and looks at the
text: nurse. They exchange a look which both understand as leaving little hope
dialog: for the life of the cantor.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 313.	THEATER STAGE FROM FRONT
text: The orchestra is in the foreground, and the curtain is down. In the
text: immediate foreground are empty seats in the first few rows of the house,
text: and several men with hats on are sitting down front. Lee is among them.
text: He calls out something, and the orchestra starts to play the curtain
dialog: music. (This may be Vitaphoned with good effect.)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 314.	CLOSE-UP LEE AND OTHER MAN
text: The man with him is a typical businessman of Hebraic type -- the sort
text: that one finds financing shows on Broadway. Lee turns to him and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 134:	"A dress rehearsal isn't the easiest thing on
dialog: the nerves."
text: The other man nods sympathetically. He replies:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 135:	"If that new jazz singer is what you say he is
dialog: -- we've got nothing to worry about."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 315.	FULL SHOT STAGE FROM FRONT
text: The men are in the foreground as before, and Lee nods anxiously as the
text: other man finishes the title. The orchestra gives a signal and the
text: curtain goes up, showing the line of girls across the stage for their
dialog: first number. (This should be Vitaphoned and the volume cut down to a
dialog: minimum when we cut to the following scenes in the dressing room.)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 316. 	INT. JACK'S DRESSING ROOM
text: Jack is dressed and is just beginning to put on his facial make-up when
text: Mary enters. She pirouettes before him and pouts as he evinces only a
text: slight interest in her. She stops and goes over to him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 317.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND MARY
text: Mary puts a hand on Jack's shoulder and, pointing to her costume, as he
dialog: turns around, says to him:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 136:	"You haven't said a word about my nice new
dialog: costume for the first dance."
dialog: 
text: Back. Jack gives himself a mental dig and assumes an air of much
text: interest. Mary, however, has lost her interest in Jack's reactions to
text: her appearance by this time. She realizes that Jack is worried about his
text: father. She asks him if that is what is worrying him. Jack shakes his
dialog: head. He says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 137:	"No, I have only one thing on my mind now --
dialog: the opening tonight."
dialog: 
text: He turns to his make-up. Mary shakes her head. She knows that the other
text: matter is worrying him more than that. Jack starts to blacken his face.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 318.	LONG SHOT STAGE
text: This is a shot downward from fly gallery, showing one of the ensemble
dialog: dance numbers in progress, just as it would be were the performance
text: really on. The chorus falls back and two adagio dancers come on.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 319.	MED. SHOT STAGE FROM FRONT
text: The adagio dancers do a part of their routine.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 320.	CLOSE-UP DRESSING ROOM
text: Jack has just about completed his make-up. Mary is sitting on a chair a
text: short distance away. They are talking as Jack puts the finishing touches
text: to his make-up, the enlarging of the lips. Mary leans over.
scene_heading: 321.	CLOSE-UP BOTH
text: Mary asks him just what Yudelson wanted of him. Jack explains about the
text: age-old customs, which mark the observation of Yom Kippur. Mary nods as
dialog: he explains. She says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 138:	"And they want you to sing tonight in his place?"
dialog: 
text: Back. Jack nods. He throws out his hands in an eloquent gesture as he
text: tells her how hopeless it is. He adds as he leans over earnestly:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 139:	"I don't really belong there -- here's where I
dialog: belong, on Broadway, but there's something in
dialog: the blood that sort of calls you -- something
dialog: apart from this life."
dialog: 
text: Mary nods understandingly. She says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 140:	"I think I understand, Jack. But no matter how
dialog: strong the call, this is your life."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 322.	MED. SHOT SAME
text: Jack nods and gets up. He inspects his make-up in the glass closely.
text: Mary looks at herself in the long glass at the other side of the room as
text: the stage doortender enters. He pauses in the door and, as Jack sees
text: him, he tells Jack that there is someone at the door to see him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 323.	CLOSE-UP DOORTENDER
dialog: He says apologetically:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 141:	"It's the old bird who was here yesterday --
dialog: and he's got a lady with him."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 324.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: Jack stands and stares at him. Mary starts for the door saying that she
text: will leave. Jack motions to her to remain.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 325.	LONG SHOT TOWARD DOOR
text: Before the old doorman can turn, Yudelson enters, followed by Sara. She
text: is wearing a shawl over her housedress, just as she left in her haste.
text: As Jack sees her he goes rapidly toward her, crying, "Mama! " She stands
text: and looks at him in a puzzled way. He goes up and takes her hands in
text: his. He starts to kiss her, then remembers her [sic] make-up. Sara holds
text: him off as Yudelson comes up to them, looking at Jack in a puzzled
dialog: manner.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 326.	CLOSE-UP THREE
text: Sara looks at Jack, eager though puzzled, and says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 142:	"Jakie, this ain't you ..."
dialog: 
dialog: Yudelson adds:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 143:	"It talks like Jakie, but it looks like a
dialog: nigger."
dialog: 
text: Sara waves Yudelson aside, telling Jack that she has something to ask
text: him. Jack asks her to sit down, and he sits down opposite her. She
text: starts pouring out her grief in an uninterrupted flow of words.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 327.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: Mary is standing in the doorway, in the foreground. She looks intently
text: from the mother to her son, her gaze resting on him to see, if possible,
text: what the results of this visit will be. Then she turns slowly and leaves
text: them, a worried frown on her face.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 328.	CLOSE-UP MOTHER AND SON
text: He is leaning close as she talks. He tries to interrupt her with a
text: hopeless gesture, but she motions to him to listen to her. She
dialog: continues:
dialog: TITLE 144:	"For generations God has heard a Rabinowitz
dialog: sing every Day of Atonement ..."
text: She pauses for a breath and adds:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 115:	"Maybe your papa is dying. God will ask him and
dialog: he will have to tell him his only son is
dialog: singing in a theayter instead ... "
dialog: 
text: She leans over closer and pleads with him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 329.	CLOSE-UP YUDELSON
text: He leans over and adds his argument:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 146:	"And if you don't come, there is only Levy the
dialog: Shammas to sing -- with a voice like a frog."
dialog: 
text: He gives a gesture of disgust.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 330.	CLOSE-UP MOTHER AND SON
text: Jack takes her hand tenderly and tells her that what she asks is
dialog: impossible, that they're all depending on him -- that this is the one
dialog: big chance of his life. Fame and fortune will be his if he succeeds. He
dialog: adds:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 147:	"And that's what you are asking me to give up."
text: He gives her a pleading look.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 331.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: Gene, the stage manager, comes to the door and summons Jack. He starts
text: to get up and Sara clings to him. Mary enters again, worried about Jack.
scene_heading: 332.	CLOSE-UP GENE
text: He says to Jack that the orchestra is already playing his introduction.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 333.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND MOTHER
text: He unfastens her hands gently from him. He tells her that he must go on
text: the stage and tells her to wait.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 334.	MED. SHOT ROOM
text: Jack starts out of the room with his mother's last plea ringing in his
text: ears. Mary goes to her and puts her arm around her. Yudelson follows
text: Jack out curiously.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 335.	FULL SHOT STAGE FROM FRONT
text: The chorus is lined up looking toward entrance at which Jack is
text: expected. The orchestra is playing the introduction to his song as he
text: enters. He speaks the few lines which serve as an introduction to his
text: song and then begins singing it.
dialog: 
dialog: NOTE: The rendition of the song will have to be governed entirely by the
dialog: Vitaphone routine decided upon. The scenes herewith are only those
text: necessary to carrying on the story. In all scenes before he exits, the
text: voice of Jack is heard in volume according to the distance from him.
scene_heading: 336.	CLOSE-UP JACK
text: He goes into the first bars of his song.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 337.	MED. SHOT OUTSIDE ROOM
text: Yudelson and Sara are watching through the wings, but back in the
text: passage leading to the outside door. Mary asks Mrs. Rabinowitz if she
text: doesn't want to go closer. She points to the stage but the mother shakes
dialog: her head.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 338.	CLOSE-UP YUDELSON
text: He is listening, an ear cocked stageward. He nods as he says, half to
dialog: himself:
dialog: TITLE 148:	"Yes, that's Jakie -- with the cry in the
dialog: voice, just like in the temple."
text: He looks away hurriedly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 339.	MED. SHOT YUDELSON
text: Two girls in very scant attire make him forget Jack for the moment as
text: they pass close to him. He looks after them in a daze and starts to
dialog: follow them.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 340.	FULL SHOT PASSAGE
text: Mary still has an arm around Sara. The latter, overcome by emotion,
text: starts for the door. Mary tries to hold her because of Jack.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 341.	CLOSE-UP BOTH
text: As Mary endeavors to persuade Sara to remain, Sara tearfully says that
text: she must go. She turns to Mary and says, hopelessly:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 149:	"Here he belongs -- If God wanted him in His
dialog: house, He would have kept him there."
text: Mary nods understandingly. Sara starts for the door.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 342. 	FULL SHOT SAME
text: Mary starts with Sara. Yudelson suddenly sees them going toward the
text: door. He looks after the two girls who had attracted his attention, as
text: though not knowing which to follow, then reluctantly follows Sara. In
text: the doorway Mary leans over and kisses Sara. The latter grasps the
text: girl's arms eagerly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 343.	CLOSE-UP MARY AND SARA
dialog: The mother says to her:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 150:	"Tell him maybe he can see his papa anyhow
dialog: before it is too late."
dialog: 
text: Mary nods and Sara exits. Mary looks after her sorrowfully.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 344.	MED. SHOT STAGE
text: Jack is singing.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 345.	CLOSE-UP LEE AND GENE
text: They are standing in the wings. They look at each other in speechless
text: admiration of Jack's singing.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 346.	LONG SHOT THROUGH WINGS
text: Jack finishes song and makes exit. As he comes into foreground, he is
text: surrounded by Lee, Gene, Mary, and several of the other principals. They
text: grab his hands and congratulate him. He smiles gratefully.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 347.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND LEE
text: The latter is enthusiastically pumping Jack's hand as he says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 151:	"Wonderful, Jack!! You were actually crying. Do
dialog: it that way tonight and you're a hit on
dialog: Broadway!"
dialog: 
text: He drops Jack's hands and turns to Gene with instructions for the next
dialog: act.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 348.	MED. SHOT OUTSIDE DRESSING ROOM
text: Those surrounding Jack fall away from him as Mary goes to him. She takes
text: his hand and shakes it. She pantomimes that his mother has gone. Then
text: she turns and leaves. Jack wipes a white glove across his eyes, leaving
text: a white streak on his damp face. He comes slowly toward the camera and
text: enters the door of his dressing room.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 349.	MED. SHOT ROOM
text: Jack goes slowly to one of the chairs in the room, drops heavily into
text: it, and then leans over and puts his blackened face into the white
dialog: gloves.
speaker_heading: SLOW FADE OUT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 350.	CHOIR ROOM SYNAGOGUE
text: Yudelson is presiding at a meeting of the synagogue trustees. He is
text: seated at the head of the little cheap table with a very important air.
text: There are four others, all in their holiday clothes. One is Levy, the
text: Shammas, or sexton, a little scrawny fellow with a straggling beard. Two
dialog: others have the long orthodox beards, and the fifth member of the
text: committee is clean-shaven, a prosperous Jewish businessman. Yudelson
text: says something and they all start talking at once. Levy finally attracts
text: the attention of Yudelson. He gets up and tries to speak. Yudelson
text: endeavors to quiet him, but Levy is insistent.
scene_heading: 351. 	CLOSE-UP LEVY
text: He holds out both hands pleadingly, as he says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 152:	"Gentlemen, I think it should be me who should
dialog: sing in the cantor's place. I--"
dialog: 
scene_heading: 352.	CLOSE SHOT TABLE
text: Yudelson interrupts him, pounding on the table and ordering him to sit
text: down. He insists that he is chairman and must be listened to.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 353.	CLOSE-UP YUDELSON
text: He yells out at Levy:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 153:	"Do you think, schlemiel, our congregation paid
dialog: for special music to hear you squawking like a
dialog: tomcat yet?"
dialog: 
text: He glares at Levy.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 354.	CLOSE SHOT GROUP
text: Levy subsides with a beaten gesture. His lifelong wish to sing "Kol
text: Nidre" has been dashed to the ground. Yudelson continues rubbing it in.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 355.	CLOSE-UP YUDELSON
text: He says, still glaring at Levy and desiring to rub it in:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 154:	"Our beloved cantor is very sick next door --
dialog: if he hears you singing, he dies sure."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 356.	CLOSE SHOT GROUP
text: They all start arguing, and Yudelson takes out his watch and tells the
text: committee that the meeting is over. They surround him and bombard him
text: with questions as to who is going to sing. He throws up his hands
text: hopelessly and starts out of the door, just as the boys of the choir
dialog: start arriving.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 357.	RABINOWITZ LIVING ROOM
text: Sara is sitting in the rocking chair, rocking slowly back and forth. Her
text: eyes are swollen with crying. Her grief has reached the bottom-most
text: depths. Every few moments she looks toward the bedroom door as though
text: expecting some message from the sick chamber.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 358.	CLOSE-UP SARA
text: As she rocks slowly. She looks toward the bedroom, then suddenly wipes
text: her eyes and gets up.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 359.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: The nurse is just coming out of the door. Sara goes toward her, but the
text: nurse motions for silence as Sara reaches her side.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 360.	CLOSE-UP NURSE AND SARA
text: The nurse whispers to her:
dialog: TITLE 155:	"He's asleep."
dialog: 
text: Sara turns to resume her chair as the nurse goes toward the kitchen.
scene_heading: 361.	EXT. HOUSE
text: A taxicab drives up quickly, and before it stops Jack is out of the
text: door. He pays the driver and dashes up the steps. Jack is dressed for
text: the street in well-tailored but quietly styled clothes. He rings the
dialog: bell.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 362.	CLOSE-UP AT DOOR
text: The door is opened and Sara appears. She looks at Jack in surprise, then
text: throws her arms around him saying:
dialog: TITLE 156:	"You come to sing, Jakie? You come to sing?"
text: Jack shakes his head saying, "I come to see Papa." They go into the
dialog: house.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 363.	EXT. SYNAGOGUE
text: The doors are open and there is a steady stream of people entering,
text: Jews, old and young, bearded and clean-shaven, women in shawls and
text: stylish street attire. Occasionally a fine automobile drives up and a
text: prosperous family gets out, while the liveried chauffeur holds open the
text: door. Yom Kippur is about to begin, the one holiday of the year when
dialog: even the least orthodox Jews think of their religion. It is approaching
text: sundown and the sinking orb is casting long shadows into the East Side
dialog: street.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 364. 	INT.HOUSE FULL SHOT LIVING ROOM
text: Jack and his mother are standing in the middle of the floor, talking to
text: the nurse. The nurse is shaking her head.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 365. 	CLOSE SHOT GROUP
text: The nurse says as she shakes her head that Dr. O'Shaughnessy would not
text: want the sick man's sleep disturbed. Jack pleads with her.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 366.	CLOSE-UP JACK
text: He takes the nurse's arm pleadingly and says:
dialog: TITLE 157:	"I'll be awful quiet -- I just want to look at
dialog: him."
dialog: 
scene_heading: 367.	CLOSE-UP GROUP
text: The nurse finally succumbs to Jack's eloquent pleading and starts over
text: toward the bedroom door, followed by Jack and his mother.
scene_heading: 368.	MED. SHOT GROUP
text: They reach the door. The nurse cautions Jack to be very quiet as she
text: slowly opens the door. She motions for Sara to remain behind. Sara
text: bursts into tears as she turns away. Jack enters and the nurse closes
text: the door softly behind him.
scene_heading: 369.	FULL SHOT BEDROOM
text: The old cantor is lying with his eyes closed as Jack enters on tiptoe.
text: He walks very quietly over to the bed where he stands for a moment, then
text: he drops down to his knees beside the bed and gives way to his grief.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 370.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND CANTOR
text: Jack, with eyes streaming, puts out a hand to touch that of his father,
text: then, fearing that he will wake him with serious results, he withdraws
text: his hand. His shoulders are shaking convulsively with suppressed sobs,
text: and he suddenly buries his face in his hands, which are resting on the
text: bed. The old man's eyelids flutter for a moment. His eyes slowly open
text: and he looks over and sees the bowed head of his son.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 371.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: There is just the faintest flicker of a smile on the wan face of the
text: dying man. With an effort he slowly moves his hand over until it rests
text: on Jack's head in an unspoken blessing. Jack's hands come up and grasp
dialog: that of his father.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 372.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND FATHER
text: With a sudden impulsive gesture Jack grasps the hand of his father and
text: kisses it. Then the old man's eyes close and Jack looks suddenly around
text: to the door.
scene_heading: 373.	CLOSE-UP NURSE AT DOOR
text: She is motioning for Jack to come out. As she does, the figure of the
text: doctor appears behind her.
scene_heading: 374.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: As the doctor enters, Jack goes to the door. He grasps the doctor's hand
text: and the doctor greets him heartily, though quietly. Jack points to the
text: bed in mute inquiry. The doctor says, quietly: "I'm afraid not." He goes
text: toward the bed and Jack with streaming eyes starts slowly out of the
dialog: room.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 375.	EXT. HOUSE
text: It is now almost dark and lights are beginning to flicker. A taxicab
text: drives up hurriedly and Mary and Lee get out of it. Lee tells the driver
text: to wait for them. Mary by this time is looking at the number to verify
text: the place. They hurry up the steps and Mary rings the bell.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 376.	INT. LIVING ROOM FULL SHOT
text: Yudelson and Mrs. Rabinowitz are standing at the door of the bedroom as
text: the bell rings. Sara tells Yudelson to go to the door. As he starts for
text: it, the door of the bedroom opens and Jack, wiping his eyes, comes
text: slowly out and into his mother's arms.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 377.	MED. SHOT AT DOOR
text: Yudelson admits Mary and Lee. They both ask at once for Jack, and as
text: they see him they go quickly toward him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 378.	CLOSE-UP JACK AND MOTHER
text: Jack's attention is attracted by the newcomers. He looks at them in
text: surprise and half pushes his mother away to greet them. He is still in a
text: daze but realizes the nature of their mission.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 379.	MED. SHOT GROUP
text: Mary and Lee each take one of Jack's hands and ply him with questions as
text: to what he is going to do. Yudelson and Sara exchange significant
dialog: glances.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 380.	CLOSE-UP DOOR
text: Levy the Shammas enters hurriedly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 381.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: Levy enters and goes quickly to Yudelson. He tells him that the
text: congregation is waiting for the services to begin and suggests that he
dialog: be designated to sing.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 382.	CLOSE-UP TWO MEN
text: Yudelson greets this suggestion angrily. He yells at Levy:
dialog: TITLE 158:	"You don't sing -- even if I got to do it
dialog: myself."
dialog: 
text: Back. In a crestfallen manner, Levy retires. Yudelson stands and looks
text: at the others speculatively. Then a determined look comes over his
dialog: features.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 383.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: As Jack argues with Lee and Mary, Sara enters the group. She begs Jack
text: to sing, for the sake of his father. Yudelson walks to the side of the
text: room and takes the cantor's praying shawl and skull cap which are
text: hanging up. He carries them over to Jack and holds them in front of him.
scene_heading: 384.	CLOSE SHOT GROUP
text: With Yudelson and his mother on one side and Lee and Mary on the other,
text: Jack is besieged by the old life and the new, filial duty against his
text: life's ambition, the past against the future. He stands staring from one
dialog: to the other.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 385.	CLOSE-UP LEE
text: He holds out his hands appealingly. He says:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 159:	"You can't throw away this one great chance,
dialog: Jack -- the house sold out -- and it will ruin
dialog: me too! "
dialog: 
text: He looks to Mary for help.
scene_heading: 386.	CLOSE SHOT GROUP
text: Mary adds her entreaties to those of Lee, while Sara takes the shawl and
text: cap from Yudelson and holds them out to Jack mutely. Jack looks slowly
text: from Mary to mother, then he stares ahead as though trying to pierce the
dialog: curtain of the future.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 387.	THEATER LOBBY NIGHT
text: People in evening clothes are passing into the brilliantly lighted
text: lobby. There is a line at the box office. In the center of the lobby are
text: two large easels containing photographs. Several persons pause before
dialog: them.
scene_heading: 388.	CLOSE-UP EASELS
text: One of the easels contains a full-length portrait of Mary Dale in ballet
text: costume and the other a full-length portrait of Jack Robin in blackface.
text: There is a couple standing beside it, and the man says to the woman that
dialog: this fellow will be the hit of the town. They pass in.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 389.	MED. SHOT LOBBY
text: The people are still passing into the lobby.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: ###.	INT. THEATER
text: It is a shot from about the center of the audience showing the front
text: part of the house filled with people in evening dress. Several late
text: arrivals enter. The orchestra has presumably just finished the overture
text: when a man in tuxedo steps from behind the curtain at one side of the
text: stage. He walks onto the apron and starts making an announcement.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 390.	CLOSE-UP MAN
dialog: He says that he regrets to announce that because of some unforeseen
dialog: occurrence, the plans for opening the "April Follies" have had to be
dialog: changed at the last moment, and he adds:
dialog: TITLE 160:	"The unfortunate accident to our chief
dialog: comedian, Mr. Jack Robin, occurred too late to
dialog: fill his place. We hope that you will
dialog: pardon ..."
dialog: 
text: He continues the announcement, finishes, then bows and makes his exit.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 391.	FULL SHOT THEATER FROM STAGE
text: The people in the theater are getting up and leaving.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 392.	FULL SHOT CANTOR'S BEDROOM
text: The doctor is at the bedside of the dying man. At the other side sits
text: Sara, while the nurse is busy at a nearby table. Sara realizes that the
text: end is near, and she is holding the hand of the old man as she weeps
dialog: quietly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 393.	CLOSE-UP BED
text: The cantor is lying on his back with eyes closed. Just the outline of
text: Sara is visible. (Vitaphone of singing starts very dimly as though from
text: the synagogue next door. As the sound increases in volume, the voice of
text: his son comes into the wailing higher notes of "Kol Nidre.") The old
text: man's eyes open slowly. The misty look slowly clears and, as he
text: recognizes the voice, he looks about him rather wildly. Slowly
text: realization comes to him that his last earthly wish has been granted.
text: With a glorified smile on his face, he mutters: "It's my Jakie." He
text: starts to raise himself slowly. He looks toward the window.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 394.	FULL SHOT ROOM
text: As the cantor slowly raises his shattered body, the doctor, anticipating
text: his wish, goes quickly to the window and raises it. (Music of singing
dialog: becomes much louder.)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 395.	CLOSE-UP CANTOR
text: He is raising himself until he is almost sitting up in bed, Sara's arm
text: behind him, helping him. He lifts his eyes to heaven and his lips move
text: in a prayer. Then his eyes close and he falls slowly back to the pillow.
text: The end has come, and Sara throws herself across his body in a paroxysm
dialog: of grief.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 396.	FULL SHOT SYNAGOGUE
text: With the camera in back of place, Jack, with prayer shawl and skullcap
text: on, can be seen with back to congregation. The choir boys are lined up
text: on either side of him, facing the center. His voice is now loud and
dialog: clear.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 397.	CLOSE-UP JACK
text: He is singing, with eyes half closed, one of the wailing passages from
dialog: the "Kol Nidre."
scene_heading: 398.	INT. LIVING ROOM MED. SHOT
text: Mary and Lee stand listening. In the background the doctor and nurse
text: come quietly out of the bedroom door. The nurse goes to the back of the
text: house. The doctor pauses and looks at the two listeners, then quietly
text: goes to the front door.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 399.	CLOSE-UP MARY AND LEE
text: They are still listening as though spellbound. As the volume increases,
text: they look from one to the other wonderingly. Lee says in an awe-stricken
dialog: voice:
dialog: 
dialog: TITLE 161:	"You are listening to the stage's greatest
dialog: blackface comedian singing to his God."
dialog: 
text: He looks to Mary for a solution of his problem. Her face lights up as
text: Lee shrugs his shoulders in a gesture of resignation, and she says:
dialog: TITLE 162:	"Listen. Don't you understand? It's his last
dialog: time in there. He has to come back to us."
dialog: 
text: Lee looks at her in a puzzled manner, then nods.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 400.	INT. SYNAGOGUE CLOSE-UP JACK
text: He is singing an exceptionally sorrowful passage of the "Kol Nidre."
scene_heading: 401.	MED. SHOT JACK
text: As he comes to the closing notes of the song, the figure of the old
text: cantor in his synagogue robes appears on the side of the screen very
text: faint and shadowy. The misty form slowly comes to the side of the
text: singer. It pauses. There is a smile on the face of the old cantor as he
text: slowly raises his hand in a blessing. The shadowy figure becomes fainter
text: and fainter, finally disappearing, leaving Jack standing alone. The
text: music and his figure slowly
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: Screenplay by Alfred A. Cohn
scene_heading: ========================BONUS ITEM==========================
dialog: 
dialog: Dialogue transcript of scene 224 from the finished film:
text: After an emotional reunion with his mother, Jack tells her about his big
text: break and sings and plays for her Irving Berlin's "Blue Skies," the song
text: he's going to do in the show. After one chorus, Jack turns from the piano
text: and speaks to his mother. Throughout this exchange her replies and
text: protestations are heard very faintly and indistinctly.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Did you like that, Mama?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm glad of it. I'd rather please you than
dialog: anybody I know of. Oh, darlin', will you give
dialog: me something?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You'll never guess. Shut your eyes, Mama. Shut
dialog: 'em for little Jakie. Ha. I'm gonna steal
dialog: something.
text: (Kisses her. She titters.)
dialog: Ha, ha, ha, ha. I'll give it back to you some
dialog: day, too, you see if I don't. Mama, darlin',
dialog: if I'm a success in this show, well, we're
dialog: gonna move from here. Oh yes, we're gonna move
dialog: up in the Bronx. A lot of nice green grass up
dialog: there and a whole lot of people you know.
dialog: There's the Ginsbergs, the Guttenbergs, and the
dialog: Goldbergs. Oh, a whole lotta Bergs; I don't
dialog: know 'em all. And I'm gonna buy you a nice
dialog: black silk dress, Mama. You see Mrs. Friedman,
dialog: the butcher's wife, she'll be jealous of you.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh no--
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, she will. You see if she isn't. And I'm
dialog: gonna get you a nice pink dress that'll go
dialog: with your brown eyes.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No, Jakie, no. I-I-I-
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What? Whatta you mean, no? Who is -- who is
dialog: telling you? Whatta you mean, no? Yes, you'll
dialog: wear pink or else. Or else you'll wear pink.
dialog: (He laughs.)
dialog: And, darlin', oh, I'm gonna take you to Coney
dialog: Island.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, I'm gonna ride on the Shoot-the-Chutes.
dialog: An' you know in the Dark Mill? Ever been in
dialog: the Dark Mill?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh, no. I wouldn't go ...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, with me, it's all right. I'll kiss you
dialog: and hug you. You see if I don't.
dialog: (Mother starts blushing.)
dialog: Now Mama, Mama, stop now. You're gettin'
dialog: kittenish. Mama, listen, I'm gonna sing this
dialog: like I will if I go on the stage. You know,
dialog: with this show. I'm gonna sing it jazzy. Now
dialog: get this ...
dialog: 
text: Jack launches into a few more lines of the song. He bangs at the
text: keyboard with his right hand and turns to his mother.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Do you like that slappin' business?
text: As he is singing the next part, his father enters in the background and
dialog: cries out:
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Stop!
text: And the music (and the dialogue) stops ...
dialog: 
