speaker_heading: THE SONG OF NAMES
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Jeffrey Caine
dialog: Adapted from the novel by Norman Lebrecht
dialog: Serendipity Point Films
dialog: 9 Price Street
dialog: Toronto, ON Canada
speaker_heading: M4W 121
speaker_heading: +1 (416) 960 0030
dialog: erendipity wun
dialog: 
scene_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1 (09/20/2018) pel
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. A CONCERT HALL, LONDON. 7:25 P.M. (NOVEMBER 3, 1951) 1
text: As we look down a gentle rain is falling steadily on a
text: carapace of umbrellas, moving like the scales of some
text: gigantic mythical reptile. The reptile turns out to be a well-
text: dressed crowd swirling around the entrance to the hall and
text: funnelling slowly into it; the same rain rolling down posters
dialog: advertising the event they’ve all come to see: the debut
text: concert of David Eli Rapoport, 21 year-old virtuoso
dialog: violinist.
speaker_heading: BBC RADIO PRESENTER (V.O.)
dialog: It is sometimes said that both the
dialog: shortest and the longest distance
dialog: in art is that between the very
dialog: good and the truly great. It may
dialog: well be that tonight David Eli
dialog: Rapoport will cross that divide.
dialog: Those of us who have been
dialog: privileged to hear his promotional
dialog: recording are unanimous in
dialog: declaring the extraordinary playing
dialog: of this 21-year-old Polish
dialog: immigrant music from the gods, the
dialog: voice of possibly the most
dialog: naturally gifted violinist of his
dialog: generation...
text: Cars are passing, Festival of Britain flags flying from the
text: building. Pasted across its facade are monochrome publicity
text: blow-ups of the lean and Byronic Rapoport and, plastered
text: diagonally across the posters, strip banners reading:
scene_heading: “INTERNATIONAL DEBUT PERFORMANCE 7:30 P.M. NOVEMBER 3RD,
text: 1951, with another, smaller strip overplastered: “SOLD OUT -
scene_heading: RETURNS ONLY”.
text: Touts are busy in the crowd, selling outrageously priced
dialog: tickets to those who have come without one; there’s a police
text: presence for crowd control - bobbies in glistening rain capes
text: - a phalanx of damp press photographers, a St John’s
text: ambulance crew on stand-by.
text: Limousines are delivering DIGNITARIES to the front steps,
text: chauffeurs and assistants shepherding them inside under
dialog: umbrellas.
dialog: Big event.
scene_heading: CAMERA FINDS 21 YEAR-OLD MARTIN SIMMONDS
text: standing at the open stage door, anxiously scanning the wet
text: street and checking his watch. After a few moments he goes
text: back inside.
scene_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.2
scene_heading: INT. LONDON CONCERT HALL, NIGHT (CONTINUOUS) (A’51) 2
text: Here there’s every shade of anxiety. The capacity audience is
text: buzzing with restlessness; the orchestra waits in silence,
text: having long ago finished tuning up.
text: The BBC RADIO PRESENTER whose voice we’ve been hearing can be
text: seen in the recording booth, holding on to his audience
dialog: during the delay in the relaxed filibuster style we associate
dialog: with Richard Dimbleby at the Coronation [still two years in
dialog: the future].
speaker_heading: BBC RADIO PRESENTER
dialog: So great has been the impact of
dialog: Rapoport’s recording on the world
dialog: of classical music that one tends
dialog: to forget how little known his name
dialog: still is, and that tonight’s
dialog: concert will be his first on an
dialog: international stage...
text: BACKSTAGE there’s a frenzy of activity and a sliding scale of
dialog: panic: from the irritation of those mildly inconvenienced by
text: the soloist’s lateness to the near hysteria of those most
dialog: affected, chief among them
speaker_heading: GILBERT SIMMONDS
text: Gilbert, the concert’s promoter, is a 56 year-old English
text: gentleman-impresario. He’s standing with his wife, ENID (52)
text: and Martin’s fiancée, 21 year-old HELEN. Their son, Martin,
text: rejoins them as we watch, shaking his head. All are wearing
text: evening dress and all are agitated, though none as much as
dialog: Gilbert.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: He’s had an accident. There’s no
dialog: other explanation-
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: We don’t know that.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Martin, I’d like you to phone the
dialog: hospitals.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I already did, Father. Mr
dialog: Sanderson's doing it again now.
text: ANGLE ON SANDERSON, the theatre manager, talking urgently on
text: the backstage phone.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Has anyone informed the police?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Too soon for that.
speaker_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1 (09/20/2018)
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: How was he this afternoon? Was he
dialog: all right at rehearsal?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He was fine.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Did he take his violin with him?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: He takes it everywhere. He takes it
dialog: to the loo.
dialog: p.3
text: Gilbert shoots his son a disapproving look. Offended by the
dialog: indelicacy of the comment or by Martin’s attitude?
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: Gilbert, stop working yourself up
text: into a froth. Perhaps his watch
dialog: stopped.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
text: A self-winding wristwatch does not
dialog: stop.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: It does if you drop it.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: He might’ve got stuck in traffic.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Where did he say was he going after
dialog: the rehearsal?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He didn’t.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Dovidl does things his own way, Mr
text: Simmonds. He’s probably walking. He
dialog: likes walking in the rain.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
text: With a Gagliano under his arm?
dialog: (crossing to stage
dialog: entrance)
dialog: Have you seen who’s out there?
text: ANGLE ON THE AUDIENCE
text: Several distinguished-looking men and women waiting.
scene_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.4
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Peers of the realm, members of
dialog: Parliament, The Times music critic.
dialog: Such people are not kept waiting-
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He'll be here. This means as much
dialog: to him as it does to you.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Does it really?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I know-
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: You don’t know. I’m not talking
dialog: about money.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I know what you’re talking about.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
text: He could be lying in a gutter
text: somewhere - hurt, dead...
scene_heading: ANGE ON AUDITORIUM CLOCK: showing 7:50
text: BACK TO GILBERT- by now on the edge of tears.
text: The orchestra conductor is looking his way, tapping his
text: watch, tilting his head enquiringly. Time to cancel.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: They’1l1 have to be told.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Want me to do it?
text: Gilbert shakes his head. Steps through on to the stage.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: My Lords, ladies and gentlemen...
dialog: (voice quivering)
dialog: It is with great regret that I have
dialog: to tell you... the performer you
dialog: have come to see is unable to be
dialog: here this evening...
dialog: (gestures helplessly)
dialog: Refunds may be claimed at the box
dialog: office.
text: He hurries offstage, holding back his tears.
scene_heading: EXT. SIMMONDS HOUSE, HAMPSTEAD, LONDON. DAY (SUMMER, 1986) 3
scene_heading: TITLE: “35 YEARS LATER”
scene_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.5
text: A black cab pulls up outside the house and sounds its horn.
dialog: Imposing and costly when it was built in the 1920’s and owned
text: by the Simmonds family ever since, the house is now run down
text: and in need of repair and repainting. In the double drive
text: sits a single ten-year-old car: an anomaly in this affluent
dialog: two-car neighbourhood.
scene_heading: INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. DAY (S’86) 4
text: The style inside the house is cultured, if a little shabby:
text: floor-to-ceiling bookshelves in the drawing room, full of
text: mostly hardback volumes; a baby grand loaded with classical
dialog: sheet music; somewhat old-fashioned furniture; soft
text: furnishings in muted colours.
text: A suitcase stands in the hall, an overcoat and umbrella
text: draped across it, a briefcase leaning against it.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KITCHEN
text: MARTIN SIMMONDS is now in his mid-fifties, his body slim and
text: well kept. HELEN, whose cheek he is kissing in valediction,
text: is still, at the same age, handsome.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (a ritual, this)
dialog: Take your pills, don’t wear the
dialog: same shirt twice, sell music.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Kiss Emily for me. The minute the
dialog: baby’s born, stick it in front of
dialog: the piano. You can’t start too
dialog: soon.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: ‘It’ is a girl, Martin. The scan’s
text: showing a girl. Granddaughter, not
dialog: grand piano. I'll call you if I’m
dialog: not asleep.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And if the estimate for the roof
dialog: comes, let me know straight away.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I might have to walk home. Save the
dialog: train fare.
text: The taxi’s horn sounds again.
scene_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.6
scene_heading: EXT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. DAY (S’86) 5
text: Martin emerges, coated, carrying suitcase and briefcase,
text: umbrella hooked over his arm. He climbs into the waiting
dialog: taxi.
scene_heading: EXT. GATESHEAD RAILWAY STATION - PLATFORM. DAY (S’86) 6
text: Exiting the station, Martin is taken aback to find at the
text: barrier the city’s Lord Mayor, CHARLIE FROGGATT (60+), in
text: full regalia, and his driver.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Charlie Froggatt, look at you in
dialog: your gold chain. Didn’t know this
dialog: was a civic reception, I’d have
dialog: worn my ermine underwear.
text: The driver takes Martin’s suitcase. As they walk towards the
dialog: station exit:
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: (Tyneside accent)
dialog: Just come from opening a DIY
dialog: superstore. You’d think they’d do
dialog: it themselves, wouldn’t you?
scene_heading: INT. DAIMLER (TRAVELLING). DAY (S’86) 7
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: So you're still peddling sheet
dialog: music, I see.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It’s a living. Libraries and
dialog: schools buy it.
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: How long you staying?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Just ‘til Friday.
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: What are you doing tonight?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hanging myself, I expect.
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: How about doing an old friend a
dialog: favour first?
scene_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.7
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: This old friend got any pull with
dialog: the Libraries Committee?
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: You do one for me, I’1l do one for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That’s how the Great War started.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What’s the favour?
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: Jury service.
dialog: (off Martin’s reaction)
dialog: Competition jury. Tyneside Young
dialog: Musician of the Year. It’s world
dialog: famous.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Not the world I live in.
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: Under-18's who’ve slipped through
dialog: the music education net - they
dialog: actually play an instrument. You'd
dialog: be non-playing Chairman.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You've got to be joking.
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: I never joke about Tyneside. You'd
dialog: just be a figurehead. Like me.
dialog: You're still a name in the music
dialog: world, man. Your dad knew
dialog: Paderewski, for Chrissake.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I’m not my father, Charlie. And he
dialog: didn’t judge Paderewski’s
dialog: musicianship.
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: We've got a couple of long-hairs in
dialog: for that - Tom Noble and Jenny
dialog: Burrows, you know Jenny. You get
dialog: the casting vote if they hang.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Forget it, Charlie. I’m here to
dialog: sell, not buy.
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: These kids are next year’s
dialog: customers.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.8
speaker_heading: FROGGATT (cont'd)
dialog: Chairman of the Libraries Committee
dialog: happens to be my grandson's
dialog: girlfriend's uncle.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Talk about connected!
scene_heading: EXT. GATESHEAD - DAY (S’86)
text: The limo crossing the Tyne Bridge.
speaker_heading: FROGGATT (V.O.)
dialog: Pick you up at eight.
scene_heading: INT. COMMUNITY HALL,GATESHEAD. NIGHT (S’86)
text: A packed hall, an old Steinway grand onstage. Below the
text: stage, seated at a trestle table, the panel of five
text: COMPETITION JUDGES: Martin at their centre, JENNY BURROWS
text: (50) on his left, TOM NOBLE (68) on his right. CHARLIE
text: FROGGATT onstage in his mayoral regalia.
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: ..-and I have every confidence this
dialog: year’s finalists will maintain the
dialog: high musical standard for which
dialog: Tyneside is justly famous....
text: Shouts of approval from the audience.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Vienna of the north-east.
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: So without further ado, let
dialog: competition commence, and may music
dialog: speak louder than words.
text: He sits down to modest applause.
text: A MONTAGE FOLLOWS, WITH CUTS BETWEEN THE PERFORMERS AND THE
text: JUDGES COMPLETING THEIR MARK SHEETS
text: The first finalist is a 10 YEAR-OLD GIRL playing the Bach
dialog: Chaconne for clarinet.
scene_heading: PANNING THE FIVE MARK SHEETS
text: Home-made, on council-headed notepaper, the mark sheets are
text: divided into three hand-drawn columns headed “TECHNIQUE”,
scene_heading: “INTERPRETATION” and “MUSICALITY”, with a fourth column for
text: totals. The girl’s scores out of ten are uniformly in the
text: four-five range. She scores lowest on interpretation.
scene_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.9
text: - AN 11 YEAR-OLD BOY CELLIST playing Kreisler’s Liebesleid
text: with piano accompaniment. He’s good for his age but in no way
dialog: outstanding. Fives and the odd six.
text: - THE ADJUDICATORS, starting to look glazed. Jenny glancing
text: at her watch.
text: - 16 year-old MARIA KORVINSKY, rippling off Beethoven's
text: Bagatelle in G Minor as though warming up.
text: The audience applause is appropriately mighty.
text: The judges are smiling now, lavishing nines and tens. Gold
dialog: found in a midden. Barring a further miracle, they’ve got
dialog: their winner.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (through applause)
dialog: Can we go home now?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: One genius, Jenny. Might be two.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Aye, well, it is Gateshead.
text: FROGGATT has come back onstage.
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: Our final Young Musician hails from
dialog: South Shields. He’s 14 years old
dialog: and has already toured
dialog: internationally with the Tyneside
dialog: Youth Orchestra...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Wales and the Isle of Man.
speaker_heading: FROGGATT
dialog: ...So please put your hands
dialog: together for Peter Stemp.
text: PETER STEMP, a bad acne case, steps onstage and readies
text: himself to play his three-year-old Japanese fiddle.
text: ANGLE ON ELLEN STEMP (40), his proud mother, in the front row
dialog: of the audience.
text: Then Peter does something very odd. Prior to playing his
text: competition piece the boy reaches into his pocket, pulls out
text: a block of rosin and ritualistically swipes his bow strings
text: with it - first a broad upward sweep, then a matching
text: downward sweep. Finally, before putting the rosin away and
text: tucking the violin back under his chin-
text: HE TOUCHES THE ROSIN TO HIS LIPS
dialog: 10
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.10
text: There are some titters from the audience at the gesture.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MARTIN
text: He isn’t tittering. His reaction is out of all keeping with
dialog: what has occurred. It’s a reaction of such shock and emotion,
text: so sudden and overwhelming, that it has drained the colour
text: from his face.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: You all right, man?
text: Martin doesn’t answer. Too stunned to speak.
text: Peter begins to play the second movement of Tartini’s
text: “Devil's Trill” Sonata for solo violin - a difficult piece
text: beyond his skill level, and it shows. But though his
dialog: musicianship is far from exceptional it’s clear that someone,
text: at some time, has taught him some old-fashioned Kreislerian
dialog: slides and a particular treatment of the rosin that very few
dialog: teachers would countenance and no violinist in the history of
dialog: solo performance would ever exhibit in public... save only
dialog: one.
text: ANGLE ON PETER STEMP as he plays, sliding inexpertly...
text: ANGLE ON MARTIN as he listens...
scene_heading: INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. DAY (A’39) 10
text: ..-and the playing changes, as the Tartini fades and we hear
text: an exuberant Wieniawski violin piece, played by an
dialog: immeasurably superior violinist.
text: ANGLE ON DAVID ELI RAPOPORT (DOVIDL), aged 9, as he plays,
text: sliding with arrogant Kreislerian exuberance...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE OPEN DOORWAY
text: where 9 YEAR-OLD MARTIN is watching and listening from the
text: hallway. The emotions on his young face: jealousy and
dialog: resentment.
text: The small drawing room audience is composed of GILBERT(44
scene_heading: here); ENID (39); PROFESSOR CARL FLESCH (58) - Hungarian-born
dialog: soloist and London’s most celebrated pre-war violin teacher;
text: and ZYGMUNT RAPOPORT (40), Dovidl’s prematurely balding
dialog: Polish-Jewish father, a Warsaw costume jeweller: not a
text: refugee but with the abandoned worn-down look of one.
text: Dovidl - black hair shiny as jet, legs stick-thin in calf-
text: length shorts - is playing with the flashy show-off style of
dialog: a child genius who knows that only time and practice stand
text: between him and his birthright: world-renown as a virtuoso.
text: Flesch and Gilbert are listening pleasurably, nodding,
dialog: knowing it too.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p-l1l
text: Martin is two months older than Dovidl. His grey flannel
dialog: shorts are the right length for London juvenile fashion of
dialog: the day - the only edge it seems he has on this exotic
dialog: interloper.
text: Dovidl finishes the piece. He looks up, awaiting requests for
text: an encore; spots Martin in the doorway, meets his eye
text: briefly, looks away.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Professor Flesch? What do you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: FLESCH
dialog: Too many flourishes.
dialog: (to Dovidl)
dialog: You are not Kreisler, young man.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Kreisler is not Rapoport.
text: A statement of calculated precocity. It brings chuckles.
speaker_heading: ZYGMUNT
dialog: (to Flesch)
dialog: You will teach him? He is genius.
speaker_heading: FLESCH
dialog: I am sent ten geniuses a month, Pan
dialog: Rapoport. If your son accepts that
dialog: he has still something to learn,
dialog: perhaps I can teach him something.
dialog: You are staying in London?
speaker_heading: ZYGMUNT
dialog: No, I go back to Warsaw, to my wife
dialog: and daughters.... If I can find
dialog: somebody to take David... I leave
dialog: him here.
speaker_heading: FLESCH
dialog: Safer. Given the situation in
dialog: Poland.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: (thoughtful)
dialog: Very much so.
speaker_heading: ZYGMUNT
dialog: Do you know of Jewish family, Mr
dialog: Simmonds? I can pay a little...
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: As it happens I do have a family in
dialog: mind, Mr Rapoport. It isn’t Jewish,
dialog: but it is musical, and will cost
dialog: you nothing.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.12
speaker_heading: GILBERT (cont'd)
dialog: I can promise you the tenets of
dialog: your religion would be fully
dialog: respected, its requirements met in
dialog: every regard.
text: Gilbert looks across at his wife. He almost certainly hasn't
dialog: consulted her about this considerable commitment, an
text: autocratic decision typical of the man. ENID gives nothing
dialog: back - neither consent nor refusal, approval nor disapproval.
dialog: Zygmunt is aware how great a commitment this is. It entails,
dialog: among other things, kosher food, Hebrew lessons, Sabbath
dialog: observance. If he appears to hesitate, consider where he has
dialog: come from. Zygmunt cannot conceive of a Gentile Polish
dialog: paterfamilias making such an offer.
speaker_heading: ZYGMUNT
dialog: This is English family?
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: It is.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: My own son is David’s age. They
dialog: would share a bedroom.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MARTIN
text: Outrage on his face. The brilliant interloper is to be
dialog: admitted to residence, it seems, without any family
dialog: consultation at all.
text: Zygmunt's eyes are sparkling with tears. He embraces Gilbert,
text: who stands stiffly to receive the embrace, embarrassed by
text: this un-English gesture, not knowing where to put his hands.
text: Stepping back, Zygmunt reaches into his pocket and pulls from
text: it a velvet-covered ring box. Ceremoniously he presents it to
text: his son, the tears overflowing now. The boy opens the box.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON RING BOX
text: The inside lid is stamped, in gold leaf lettering: “RAPOPORT
text: WARSZAWA”. But there is no ring inside. Only a small amber
text: block of rosin, pristine and gleaming.
text: Everybody smiles as Dovidl removes the rosin and swipes it
text: experimentally along his bow strings: first with a stylish
text: upward flourish, then with a downward. He touches the rosin
text: to his lips.
text: Gilbert and Zygmunt applaud. It’s a subtle little ritual
dialog: whose meaning seems to have eluded ENID, the giving of this
text: box: partly a jeweller’s joke, partly an expression of hope,
text: partly a father’s farewell blessing.
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.13
text: With his ritualistic stroking of the bow Dovidl has
text: improvised a witty variation: taking the rosin for a run, as
text: it were, as though the gift had been a Stradivarius. The kiss
text: on the rosin is for his father, whom he is aware he may never
dialog: see again. [For Peter Stemp 47 years later it will be a
dialog: magical ritual entirely without meaning. ]
scene_heading: EXT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. DAY (A’39) 11
text: His cardboard suitcase at his feet, Zygmunt is about to leave
dialog: for the bus stop, first leg of his journey back to Poland -
dialog: to what we now know will be invasion, occupation, ghetto and
text: death camp - and though he doesn’t know what he’s returning
text: to, Zygmunt seems to intuit it. Hence the passion he puts
text: into his last tearful embrace of the son he may never see
dialog: again.
text: To Martin and his parents, watching from the doorstep, this
text: is yet another public display of emotion that makes them
dialog: uncomfortable. It isn’t anti-Semitism, it isn’t coldness;
dialog: it’s English reserve.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL DINING ROOM, GATESHEAD. DAY (S’86) 12
text: The day following the competition Martin is lunching with
text: Peter Stemp and his mother, ELLEN (46): a woman of modest
text: means, wearing her best two-piece for the occasion.
dialog: On the table is The Northern Echo: international and local
text: news with a Tyneside flavour; several column inches given to
text: last night’s music competition: picturing a toothy Maria
text: Korvinsky accepting her prize from Mayor Froggatt.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: So what’s this about? You didn’t
dialog: give Peter the prize, now we’re
dialog: having this posh lunch. Why?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That wasn’t my decision.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You'd have made him the winner,
dialog: then? If it was up to you.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: The girl’s already there, Mrs
dialog: Stemp. Peter needs more time...
dialog: better tuition.
dialog: (attempting the casual)
dialog: Who's been teaching him?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: He gets lessons in school. I can’t
dialog: afford fancy teachers.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.14
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: We could discuss that.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Know a good cheap one, do you?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Several good, none cheap.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: In South Shields?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: London.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Just have to sell the yacht, then,
dialog: won't I?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'll find a way to cover Peter's
dialog: tuition during his school holidays.
dialog: And a family in London he can stay
dialog: with.
text: Ellen looks to Peter. He’s nodding. Wants it.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (indicates newspaper)
dialog: Why him? Why not what’s-her-face?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Her too.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You think Pete’s that good, then?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He’1ll never be a Heifetz. But he
dialog: could make a living with an
dialog: orchestra. Or teaching.
dialog: (to Peter)
dialog: Who's been teaching you, Peter?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: School.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And who else? You've had a few tips
dialog: off someone.
text: Peter shrugs.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That thing you do with the
dialog: rosin....
speaker_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1 (09/20/2018)
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: That’s for good luck. I can stop.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What’s his name? Maybe I know him.
dialog: A moment of hesitation, then-
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You don’t know him.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I think I might. He used to be a
dialog: virtuoso. Did he tell you that?
text: Peter smiling now.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: DSark hair, about my age?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: It’s not Pete you want, is it?
text: A harshness has entered her voice. She’s worked
dialog: bursary, the promise of a management contract -
dialog: something other than Peter Stemp.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Come on, Pete. We’re going.
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Thanks for the dinner.
dialog: p.15
dialog: it out. The
dialog: they’re about
text: Taking Peter by the hand, she pulls him to his feet. They
text: leave the dining room without looking back.
scene_heading: 13 INT. MARTIN’S HOTEL ROOM, GATESHEAD. NIGHT (S’86) 13
text: Martin is perched on his bed, on the phone to Helen.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: What are they calling it? Sorry,
dialog: her.
dialog: (winces )
dialog: Lovely name. Kiss little Cressida
dialog: for me, I'll see her Sunday.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Helen...? I think I might have
dialog: found him.
dialog: There’s no response. No request to identify the
dialog: silence.
dialog: “him”. Just
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.16
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Did you hear what I said?
scene_heading: INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. NIGHT (SIMULTANEOUS) (S’86) 14
text: Helen’s in bed, her book set aside to take Martin’s call.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (to phone, tonelessly)
dialog: I heard. Goodnight, Martin.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN’S BEDROOM, SIMMONDS HOUSE. NIGHT (A’39) 15
text: This is the first time Martin and Dovidl have been left alone
text: together. Dovidl is in the bedroom doorway with his cheap
text: suitcase between his feet, waiting to be invited in.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (heavily accented)
dialog: I sleep here, yes?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No. I don’t want you in my room. I
dialog: like being on my own.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Is not your choose.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Wrong, clever. It is my “choose”. I
dialog: have to say if it’s all right and
dialog: if it isn’t you go back to Poland,
dialog: and the Germans are going to invade
dialog: Poland. You’1l have to wear a
text: yellow star and get bashed up by
dialog: brownshirts.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: What is “bashed up”, please?
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You better not snore, that’s all.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: What is snore?
text: Martin does the sound for him. Dovidl pulls a small notebook
text: and pencil from his pocket and records the word.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: If I snore I snore in tune. I am
dialog: musician. You play?
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.17
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Piano, a bit.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Is good for accompanist. Chess?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: A bit.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Everything for you is bit. I am
dialog: genius. I help you, you will be bit
dialog: genius.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Bet I could get you down.
text: Dovidl’s pencil gets busy a second time. Another new word.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: What is “get down”, please?
text: Martin jumps him. Operative definition.
text: The boys wrestle, grunting and snorting. But eventually it’s
text: the wiry Dovidl who wrestles Martin to the ground and sits
text: on his chest, pinning his arms.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Also fight a bit.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (terminal frustration)
dialog: Bloody foreigner! You can’t even
dialog: talk proper English!
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: You speak Polish? Russian? Yiddish?
dialog: German? Hebrew?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I don’t have to. I’m not one of
dialog: your lot.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: What is “lot”?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Foreigners. We’re in England,
dialog: stupid.
text: Dovidl climbs off him, retrieves his notebook; wags it.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Wait six months.
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.18
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What’s your name, anyway?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Dovid Eli Rapoport. My family call
dialog: me Dovidl. You?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Martin L. Simmonds.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: I call you Mottl.
scene_heading: INT. GATESHEAD HOTEL BEDROOM. MORNING (S’86) 16
text: Martin is eating a room-service breakfast at a small wheeled
text: table when there’s a tentative knock at the door. He opens
dialog: to:
speaker_heading: PETER STEMP
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Peter. Where’s your mother?
text: He checks the corridor. No Ellen. Came alone.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I‘1l take you to him.
scene_heading: EXT. GATESHEAD. DAY (S’86) 17
text: They've come by taxi to an underpass entrance: a pedestrian
text: tunnel beneath a busy urban road.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. SUBWAY. DAY (S’86) 18
text: As Martin and Peter descend the steps we’1ll hear a distant
text: violin playing - with only moderate competence - The Rolling
dialog: Stones’ “Paint it Black”.
text: Martin’s face falls. Whoever is playing, it isn’t Dovidl.
text: As they get closer, so does the music. A turn in the tunnel
dialog: reveals...
speaker_heading: A BUSKER
text: The busker is BILLY, an unkempt grizzly-bearded man in his
text: seventies, wearing a stained raincoat, football socks and
text: dirty plimsolls. He’s playing on a cheap fiddle - complete
text: with unwanted echoes off the tiled walls. On the floor at his
text: feet, among the crisp packets and banana skins, is his cap:
text: dotted with a handful of low-value coins.
dialog: 19
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.19
dialog: Though he’d known from the first bow-stroke that this could
text: not be Dovidl, Martin wilts with disappointment.
text: Billy nods an acknowledgement at Peter but barely glances at
text: Martin as he finishes the piece with a flourish of poorly
text: executed Kreisleresque slides. Then out comes the rosin,
text: followed by that ritualistic up-and-down stroking of the
dialog: bowstrings with which we’re becoming familiar, and the
text: valedictory kiss to the rosin, a magical ritual as
text: meaningless to Billy as it is to Peter.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: This is Mr Simmonds, Billy. He's
dialog: gonna pay for me to have lessons.
dialog: In London.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (London accent)
dialog: What did I tell you?
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Told him he’d get discovered.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He says you’ve been helping him.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Showed him a couple of things.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Where did you learn to play?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Taught meself.
text: Martin takes out his wallet. Extracts a fiver, drops it in
dialog: the hat.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: That's very kind of you, sir.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Teach yourself those Kreisler
dialog: slides, did you, Billy?
text: Billy's face sets.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Who wants to know?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Your best customer.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE, GATESHEAD. DAY (S’86) 19
text: Billy, Peter and Martin are drinking thick tea from thick,
text: white mugs at a formica-topped table.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.20
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: He never told me his name. It was
dialog: years ago.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Where did you meet him?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: London. I used to work the cinema
dialog: queues up west - when they had
dialog: cinema queues. I wasn’t bad then-
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What year?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (thinks )
dialog: High Noon. When was that?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: 452, I think. Go on.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: So I’m outside the Odeon, yeah,
dialog: playing the theme music - you know,
dialog: from the film - and this cheeky
dialog: little bugger comes up, tells me I
dialog: could do with some lessons. ‘Oh,
dialog: yeah,’ I says. ‘Who from?’ ‘I don’t
dialog: normally give lessons,’ he says,
dialog: only he’s saving up for this trip
dialog: he wants to go on, so how much can
dialog: I afford to pay him? I told him to
dialog: get knotted. Don’t even know he can
dialog: play, do I?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I assume he demonstrated.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Takes me violin right out me hand.
dialog: You never heard nothing like it in
dialog: your life. Magic. Like something
text: off the wireless.
dialog: (shakes his head in wonder)
text: Crowd starts chucking half crowns,
text: ten-bob notes. I give him half.
dialog: Fair's fair, right?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What did he look like?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Like he could do with a square
dialog: meal.
dialog: 20
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.21
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: When was the last time you saw him?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Important, is it?
text: Martin deposits another fiver on the sticky table top.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: He give me a few lessons. Twice a
dialog: week for a bit. One day he didn’t
dialog: turn up. Never saw him again.
dialog: Must’ve gone on his trip.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Did he say where?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Didn’t make much sense, like, but
dialog: that’s why I remember it.
text: Martin waits. Billy waits. Another fiver goes down.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Said he was going home to play for
dialog: the Ashes. That’s cricket, innit?
dialog: When England plays Australia.
dialog: (Martin nods)
dialog: Didn’t make sense ‘cos he didn’t
dialog: sound like an Aussie. ‘Who’re you,
dialog: then?’ I says. ‘Don bleeding
dialog: Bradman?’
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: His exact words?
text: Billy’s brow furrows with the effort of recall.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Something about a song. Going home -
text: to play a song.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: For the ashes.
speaker_heading: ON MARTIN
dialog: This doesn’t mean anything to us but it contains a world of
dialog: meaning for Martin.
scene_heading: INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. NIGHT (A’39) 20
text: A family dinner is being eaten in silence as everybody
text: listens to the evening news on the wireless. It’s a Friday
text: night and for Dovidl’s benefit there are Sabbath candles on
text: the table and a loaf of chala wrapped in a white cloth.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.22
dialog: We should note that Dovidl’s dinner plate contains different
text: food from the others’, mostly vegetables.
dialog: The news is all about the German Blitzkrieg of Poland: the
text: bombing of Warsaw, the collapse of the Polish army. The
text: Phoney War is a few days old.
text: Dovidl’'s face reflects his struggle to contain his emotion.
text: He’s learning to be English.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: I’m sure your family will be all
dialog: right, David.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: Have you written home, David?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: I am writing letter.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Good lad.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: You permit I make more letter now?
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Permission granted, old chap.
text: As Dovidl prepares to leave the table-
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: He hasn’t finished his dinner.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Special dispensation. Go and finish
dialog: your letter, David.
text: Dovidl slides off his seat and leaves the room.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It’s not fair.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: What isn’t?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: All this. No bacon allowed in the
dialog: house, no milk puddings, special
dialog: food for the genius, and he doesn’t
dialog: even have to eat it.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: If you'd like to take over
dialog: preparing David’s food you may have
dialog: a say in whether he eats it.
dialog: 21
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.23
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And he’s a liar. He stopped writing
dialog: two weeks ago.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: It isn’t very nice, Martin, to tell
text: tales on a friend.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: My friends don’t wet the bed.
text: The Simmonds adults exchange a look.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Considering the position his family
dialog: is in, I'd say wetting the bed is
dialog: the least we can expect from him.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Why don’t you go and see if you can
dialog: cheer him up.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Didn’t look all that down to me.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: That’s a wicked thing to say! Go to
dialog: your room!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Not my room, is it.
dialog: He goes.
scene_heading: INT. LANDING/THE BOYS’ BEDROOM. NIGHT (A’39) 21
text: Through the partly open door we catch Dovidl looking at a
text: photograph and crying. It’s a sepia studio portrait of the
dialog: Rapoport family taken in Warsaw in 1937: Dovidl’s father and
text: mother standing side by side; in front of them, Dovidl aged
dialog: seven between his two sisters: Pessia (9) and Malkeh (5).
text: Pessia has her arm around Dovidl’s shoulders; Dovidl’s arm is
text: around Malkeh’s. All five are solemn and unsmiling, in the
dialog: portrait style of the time.
text: As Martin enters Dovidl slides the photo under his pillow.
text: Martin doesn’t see it. Trying to recover his equilibrium,
text: Dovidl blows his nose.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: I have cold.
text: A sudden unexpected shaft of compassion pierces Martin's
dialog: juvenile soul.
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.24
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: They'll be all right. We’1ll smash
dialog: the Jerries up for you. No-one
text: stands up to the British Army.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: You are child.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Play you a game of chess if you
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Chess with you takes my mind two
dialog: minutes.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (a grin)
dialog: Three. I feel lucky.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMPSTEAD. DAY (A‘39) 22
text: The two boys are freewheeling down a hill on their bikes,
text: playing “chicken”.
text: Martin is the first to swerve - avoiding a horse-drawn milk
text: float. Dovidl sails on, misses the float by inches, and in
text: passing swipes a pint. Riding no-hands, he pierces the top
text: with his finger while still on the move and swigs from the
dialog: bottle.
text: It’s Martin who gets nabbed by the milkman - momentarily
text: caught by his coat - before he breaks away and pedals madly
text: down the hill after Dovidl, who has disappeared from view.
speaker_heading: MILKMAN
dialog: Thieving little bleeders!
scene_heading: EXT. HAMPSTEAD HEATH. DAY (A’39) 23
text: Martin finds Dovidl waiting in their private spot on the
text: Heath: beneath a large tree, overlooking the Ponds. Eating a
dialog: Kit Kat [N.B. Wartime issue: blue wrapper, dark chocolate,
dialog: price 3d].
text: Grinning in triumph, Dovidl offers Martin a finger of Kit
dialog: Kat.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Thought you said these weren’t
dialog: kosher.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: You rabbi now?
dialog: 24
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.25
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Where'd you get it?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Your pocket.
text: He proffers the milk bottle. Martin takes a swig.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: We make good team, yes?
text: Embarrassed by Dovidl’s open acknowledgement of what in a
text: London boy's world should remain implicit, Martin sprays him
text: with milk. Dovidl responds by jumping on him playfully. They
text: wrestle standing up for a few moments, then both boys step
text: back to face one another and go by tacit agreement into their
text: slow motion boxers routine.
text: This consists of each delivering in turn a slo-mo punch which
text: the other has the option either to dodge in slow motion or to
text: receive as a simulated blow, rocking back under the pretended
text: impact with appropriate facial grimaces.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY, PROFESSOR FLESCH’S STUDIO. DAY (WINTER 1940) 24
text: Dovidl has come for his violin lesson, accompanied by
text: GILBERT. On the landing outside Flesch’s studio they meet
text: JOZEF WECHSLER (18) about to descend. He’s carrying a very
text: old violin case, housing the virtuoso’s badge of office: a
dialog: very old violin.
speaker_heading: JOZEF
dialog: Professor Flesch isn’t here. I’ve
dialog: been waiting an hour.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Do you know where he is?
speaker_heading: JOZEF
dialog: Back in Hungary, probably. He
dialog: thinks the Waffen SS are coming
dialog: over London Bridge.
text: His glance, finding Dovidl, takes in his leatherette-covered
text: violin case, doubtless containing a cheap violin.
speaker_heading: JOZEF
dialog: (to Gilbert, with an
dialog: inclination of the head)
dialog: Jozef Wechsler. Of Warsaw. You will
dialog: have heard of me.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Gilbert Simmonds. I believe
dialog: Professor Flesch has mentioned you.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.26
text: Dovidl’s look is one of undisguised envy. Wechsler, already
text: an international name at eighteen and with the arrogance of a
dialog: young god, is who he wants to be - preferably tomorrow.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (to Jozef)
dialog: Dovid Eli Rapoport. Also of Warsaw.
dialog: Professor Flesch has spoken of you
dialog: to me also.
speaker_heading: JOZEF
dialog: He hasn’t spoken of you.
dialog: (to Gilbert)
dialog: Your boy will need to find a new
dialog: teacher. You know Dr Steiner of
dialog: Leipzig?
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: I know of him.
speaker_heading: JOZEF
dialog: He has played Mozart with Einstein.
text: He is in London now.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: I learn physics, I go Einstein.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Mr Wechsler isn’t recommending
dialog: Einstein as a violin teacher,
dialog: David.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: I practise alone.
speaker_heading: JOZEF
dialog: And from whom will you learn
dialog: humility?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Not from you.
text: With a sad shake of the head, Jozef leaves.
scene_heading: INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. DAY (W’40) 25
text: Having returned home, Gilbert and Dovidl enter the living
text: room to find Martin practising at the piano.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: (to Dovidl)
dialog: Actually, Steiner’s not a bad idea.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.27
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: I do not need teacher. Only to
dialog: practise.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Who will make sure you don’t skip
dialog: the tricky bits when your fingers
dialog: are hurting?
text: Martin swings around on the piano stool.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How about me?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Hah. Boy of ten.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Older than you.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Fifty-five days older...
dialog: (calculating)
dialog: .»»-one point five-one percent. One-
dialog: and-six out of a fiver. Small
dialog: change.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That’s six Kit Kats-
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Boys! Please. It’s a very mature
dialog: undertaking.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I’m more mature than he is.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Hah.
text: This initiates another ritual. Momentarily forgetting his
text: father’s presence, Martin jumps off the stool and launches
text: into the slow motion boxers routine.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Boys, if you’ve finished
dialog: demonstrating your maturity -
dialog: They stop.
speaker_heading: GILBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Suppose some difficulty were to
dialog: arise that I needed to know about,
dialog: and your friend asked you to keep
dialog: it from me. Wouldn’t that be a
dialog: conflict of loyalties?
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.28
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: My loyalty’s to you, Father.
text: Gilbert puts his arms around both boys’ shoulders.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: We'll give it a go.
scene_heading: INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. DAY (S’86) 26
text: Returning from Gateshead, Martin lugs his suitcase into the
text: house. He finds Helen in the living room, marking school
text: essays and too absorbed to hear him enter. He crosses to her,
text: kisses the nape of her neck.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I might've been a burglar.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: With his own key?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Locksmith by trade.
dialog: How's Emily?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Blooming.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And little Isolde? What was it?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Cressida. Can’t read, write or play
text: a note but she knows her name.
dialog: You’1l see her tomorrow.
text: A pause. Silence.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: How was your trip?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I made back the train fare.
text: A longer pause.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: So? What did you find?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Dovidl was still in London in 1952.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: There’s a hot trail for you.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.29
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It means whatever his reason for
dialog: not turning up, it wasn’t because
dialog: he was dead. We never knew that for
dialog: sure before.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Just because he was alive thirty-
dialog: odd years ago doesn’t mean he is
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He’s our age. Why wouldn’t he be?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: This going to be your new hobby,
dialog: Martin? Finding David after half a
dialog: lifetime so he can spit in your eye
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: If you'd lost a brother-
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: He wasn’t your brother.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He felt like a brother.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: And what do I feel like?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: To you.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: This isn’t a competition.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Everything's a competition. Read
dialog: your Darwin.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Helen, I’m tired, I’m hungry, I
dialog: need a bath and I don’t want to
dialog: have this conversation.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Then we’ll have it later, when
dialog: you're fed and rested.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No, you can do it solo - both
dialog: parts. I’1l be the audience.
speaker_heading: 26A
dialog: 27
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.30
text: He turns to leave.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Where did he go in 1952?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I thought you weren’t interested.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Historical curiosity.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Poland. He went to Poland.
text: He goes out and closes the door behind him. Helen remains in
text: her chair but does not resume her marking.
scene_heading: EXT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. EARLY EVENING (A’40) 26A
text: Blast tape on the windows of houses. A car passes with its
text: headlights shaded. A military lorry drops Gilbert at the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. EARLY EVENING (CONTINUOUS) (A’40) 27
text: Same room as Scenes 25 and 26, same piano, but with the
text: furnishings of the period; complete with taped windows and
text: not-yet-drawn blackout curtains. No lights are on and the
text: room is gloomy.
text: Barely able to see his music, Martin is at the piano,
text: accompanying Dovidl; playing chords to which Dovidl is
text: practising his staccato technique.
text: Suddenly Dovidl stops playing. Martin carries on for a moment
text: or two before he registers this. Then he, too, stops; swivels
text: on the stool to face Dovidl.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I didn’t say you could stop.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: My neck is hurting.
text: [N.B. Dovidl’s English is already far less heavily accented. ]
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It’s supposed to.
text: He swivels back to the keyboard.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: I have done enough.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.31
text: Martin swivels back to Dovidl.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I decide when you’ve done enough.
text: Dovidl picks up his violin case.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I’1l tell him, Dov. I mean it.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Tittle-tattle.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Baby.
text: Gilbert enters the room, wearing an ARP armband (Air Raid
dialog: Precaution - a warden).
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Sorry to interrupt, boys.
text: He crosses to the window, closes the blackout curtains,
text: switches on the light.
speaker_heading: GILBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Now you can see what you're doing.
text: Silence from the boys.
speaker_heading: GILBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: How are your Hebrew lessons going
dialog: David? Happy with Mr Rosenthal’s
dialog: teaching? I know you were getting
dialog: along well with Mr. Cohen.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: He joined up. R.A.F.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Yes, I know. Important that you
dialog: keep on with your religious
dialog: studies. I promised your father.
text: As Gilbert turns away;
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: They do not say Hebrew words same
dialog: as in Poland, Mr. Simmonds
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Then...
dialog: He’s about to recommend that Dovidl learn the British style
text: of pronunciation, but in that instant realises that the
dialog: European style may soon cease to exist.
scene_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.31A
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Say them the way you were taught in
dialog: Poland.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Thank you, Mr Simmonds.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: How’s the violin coming along?
text: Martin exchanges a look with Dovidl. If he’s going to rat him
text: out, this is the moment. It’s a long moment.
dialog: 28
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.32
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: What’s he working on?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Staccato, Mr Simmonds.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Good, good.
dialog: (indicating window)
dialog: Well, you may as well keep at it
dialog: till Herr Hitler's Gétterdammerung
text: starts up.
text: He goes out.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You owe me one.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: How you make that out?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I could've told him. I didn’t.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
text: View from the piano stool. Here is
dialog: standing view: I know you should
dialog: tell him. I know you did not. He
dialog: does not know it.
text: But as Martin begins to play THE AIR RAID SIREN starts up. A
text: moment later the electricity fails and the lights go off.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR RAID SHELTER ENTRANCE. SAME NIGHT (A’40) 28
text: The promised Gétterdammerung. Bombs falling, the flash of
text: incendiaries, searchlights and tracer illuminating the sky.
text: Gilbert, Enid, Martin and Dovidl are descending the steps
text: into the shelter: Enid and Martin lugging blankets, thermos
text: flasks, sandwiches; Dovidl carrying only his violin case.
text: Dovidl stops to look up at the light show in the sky.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You want to get killed?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Is not my destiny. It would have
dialog: been like this - Warsaw would have
dialog: been like this.
dialog: 29
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.33
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Couldn’t have been worse. Come on.
text: Dovidl doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, if we’re okay they probably
dialog: are too. Your mum and dad, your
dialog: sisters. They’d have had the sense
dialog: to go to the shelters.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Look how beautiful it is.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It’s not art, Dovidl. It’s bloody
dialog: life and death.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: So is art.
text: A lone figure approaches, also heading for shelter: JOZEF
text: WECHSLER (now nearly 20), carrying only his cased violin.
text: Martin nudges Dovidl. Look who it is.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: So what? You want plaque? “Jozef
dialog: Wechsler cowered here, 1940."?
text: Jozef passes without acknowledging them.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (to Jozef: attempting
dialog: inclusiveness)
dialog: Hampstead Shelter Orchestra.
speaker_heading: JOZEF
dialog: What instrument do you play?
text: Having delivered this majestic put-down, Wechsler surges
text: regally past a Dovidl too stunned to reply.
scene_heading: INT. AIR RAID SHELTER. NIGHT (A’40) 29
text: Jozef has settled among the crowd, camped as far as possible
dialog: from the Simmondses.
text: As Martin, Gilbert and Enid busy themselves spreading
text: blankets and pillows, Dovidl removes his modest little violin
text: from its case. He strokes the bowstrings with his block of
text: Warsaw rosin, kisses the rosin, then casually begins to play
text: a jaunty classical piece.
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
scene_heading: Yellow - SoN D9.3 (11/15/2018) p.34-34A
text: Gilbert’s face displays pride; Jozef is trying to show amused
dialog: indifference. But it seems there’s only so much a genius can
text: stand. Unable to resist, Jozef at last takes up his own
text: venerable instrument and joins in, merging seamlessly with
dialog: Dovidl. There is no apparent disparity in skill between these
text: two performers and what at first seems a co-operative
text: exercise soon grows savagely competitive-
text: -as Jozef switches suddenly to a more demanding piece-
text: -and Dovidl matches him effortlessly, bar for bar, finesse
dialog: for finesse-
text: -and Dovidl switches to a notoriously tricky Paganini caprice-
text: -and Jozef meets the challenge unerringly.
text: Both of them smiling.
dialog: Jozef thinking: ‘This kid’s not half bad.’
scene_heading: EXT WARSAW AIRPORT. DAY (S’86) 30
text: A British Airways plane is about to land...
text: ...-Martin exits the terminal and climbs into a taxi
scene_heading: EXT. WARSAW. DAY (S’86) 31
text: Martin’s taxi on its way from the airport to the city centre.
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM TAXI - MARTIN'S POV: 1986 WARSAW CITYSCAPE
text: This is a Warsaw far removed from the pre-war city Dovidl
dialog: would have known as a boy but not much different from the one
dialog: he visited in 1953, except that Solidarnosc flags and
text: hoardings proliferate along the roadside and on the facades
dialog: of buildings.
text: The TAXI DRIVER is a man in his seventies. The car radio is
text: playing softly in the background.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Does Warsaw have a Musicians’
dialog: Union?
speaker_heading: WARSAW TAXI DRIVER
dialog: No English.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Un-i-on. Music?
speaker_heading: WARSAW TAXI DRIVER
dialog: Nie rozumiem.
text: The driver turns up the volume on his radio.
scene_heading: Yellow - SoN D9.3 (11/15/2018) p.34-340A
speaker_heading: ON MARTIN
text: The search isn’t going to be as easy as he thought.
dialog: 32
scene_heading: Yellow - SoN D9.3 (11/15/2018) p.35
scene_heading: EXT. HAMPSTEAD STREET. DAY (S’43) 32
text: More than two years after the Blitz, London has taken an
text: unexpected overnight pasting from the Luftwaffe. The boys are
text: standing on the rim of a smoking bombsite, holding their
text: bikes, peering into the rubble.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Thought we had the Blitz two years
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: This is a footnote.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Look, there’s a body.
text: ANGLE - an arm protruding from behind a half-demolished wall.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.36
text: Martin follows Dovidl as he picks his way over the rubble
text: towards it. He stoops to retrieve something shiny. He holds
text: it up for Martin to see. A silver bracelet.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Has it got a name on it?
text: Dovidl shakes his head. Pockets the bracelet.
text: He moves out of sight behind the wall, which has a carpeted
text: staircase still intact against it.
text: Martin pulls a Kit Kat bar from his pocket; unwraps it and
text: takes a bite, surveying the wreckage as he munches. A moment
text: or two passes, then Dovidl reappears, a purse in his hand.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: What are you doing!?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: It’s Mrs Harris. She’s on my paper
dialog: round. The face is gone but I
dialog: recognise the purse.
text: He opens the purse, and with a triumphant yell extracts a
dialog: pound note.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Treasure of the Mummy’s Tomb!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: Do you know what you get for
dialog: robbing the dead?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Pound notes.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: A firing squad.
text: Dovidl makes his way over to where Martin is standing and
text: passes him without pausing, flapping the banknote.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Eighty Kit Kats, Mott.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: It isn’t yours!
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: I don’t mind sharing.
text: Reaching the street, he mounts his bike and pedals away.
dialog: 33
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.37
scene_heading: EXT. HAMPSTEAD HEATH. DAY (LATER) (S’43) 33
dialog: They've repaired to their private spot on the Heath to smoke
text: cigarettes and drink brown ale from bottles. Dovidl is
text: setting out on the grass an array of raunchy playing cards,
text: each depicting a nude woman in a saucy pose.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Who do you fancy? The ace of clubs
dialog: has the best tits, the four of
dialog: diamonds is the best bum.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Your bar mitzvah's in ten days,
dialog: Dov. You’re supposed to be a man.
text: Looking at pictures of naked women
dialog: doesn’t make you a man.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Neither does watching Shirley Smith
text: undress through binoculars.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That was a scientific experiment.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: In what? Team wanking? Anyway, you
dialog: don’t look like a man.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Neither do you.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: More than you.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Bollocks.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: That too.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Being a man doesn’t mean that, does
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: What are you now, a Talmud scholar?
dialog: What does it mean, O wise one?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Among other things, respecting the
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Why? Because they’re dead? Out of
dialog: interest, are they supposed to know
dialog: they’re being respected?
dialog: 34
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.38
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Their loved ones know.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Mrs Harris didn’t have any loved
dialog: ones. No-one’s going to miss her.
dialog: Mind you, she made good fishcakes.
dialog: I’ll miss her fishcakes.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (truly appalled)
dialog: Is that all she meant to you?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: This was a human person, Dov. She
dialog: probably went to bed last night
dialog: planning to... I don’t know, make
text: fishcakes, and she ends up dead in
dialog: the rubble of her house. Don’t you
dialog: feel anything?
text: Dovidl turns to look at him.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Do you know how many people died
dialog: last night, Mottl? I don’t just
dialog: mean in London. Across Occupied
text: Europe. Shot, bayonetted, blown up,
text: starved, burnt alive, hung-
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That’s not the point.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Tens of thousands. And no-one even
dialog: knows their names. So tell me,
dialog: little man from NW3, which ones do
dialog: I have to “feel” for? All of them
dialog: or just the ones I trip over the
dialog: morning after?
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE. DAY (S’43) 34
scene_heading: DISCOVER GILBERT AND MARTIN
text: Sitting together at the back, wearing skullcaps for respect
text: but as out of place as Hottentots at a Greek wedding. They're
text: attracting curious looks from the regular congregation (this
dialog: being the synagogue Dovidl regularly attends), none of whom
dialog: have seen them here before.
text: CAMERA FINDS ENID, alone in the women’s section, even more
dialog: isolated.
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.39
speaker_heading: ON DOVIDL
text: Wearing a dark blue suit and embroidered silk kippah, the bar
text: mitzvah boy is at the bimah, fluently reciting his Hebrew
dialog: Torah portion.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (...)Lay yisyatzev ish
dialog: bifneychem: pakhd’khem
dialog: umayraakhem yiten Adonay
dialog: Elaykhekhem al penay khol
dialog: hooretz asher tidrekhi vah,
dialog: kaasher diber lokhem.
text: The Torah is covered.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Borikh atoh Adonay, Elayheyni
dialog: melekh hoaylom, asher nosan
dialog: loni tayras emes v’khayei
dialog: aylom nota b’saykheni.
dialog: Borikh ato Adonai nayseyn
dialog: hatayroh.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (---) No man shall stand up
dialog: to you: the LORD your God
dialog: will put the dread and the
dialog: fear of you over the whole
dialog: land in which you set foot,
dialog: as He promised you.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: We praise You, Eternal God,
dialog: Sovereign of the Universe:
dialog: You have given us a Torah of
dialog: truth, implanting within us
dialog: eternal life.
dialog: We praise You, O God, Giver
dialog: of the Torah.
scene_heading: CONGREGATION CONGREGATION
dialog: Shekoyach! May your force grow!
scene_heading: EXT. FRYDERYK CHOPIN UNIVERSITY OF MUSIC. DAY (S’86) 35
text: A ‘modern’ concrete structure in central Warsaw, built in the
dialog: sixties.
scene_heading: INT. FRYDERYK CHOPIN UNIVERSITY OF MUSIC. DAY (S’86) 36
text: Photographs of prominent Polish musicians decorate the walls,
text: several violinists among them. Away down the corridor a
text: chamber orchestra can be heard practising.
text: Martin arrives at the door to an administrative office.
text: Inside he finds a middle-aged female RECEPTIONIST.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Dobry dzien, Pani.
text: No response. Obviously doesn’t speak her own language.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Do you speak English?
text: The receptionist tilts her head. A tentative yes, possibly.
speaker_heading: 36A
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.40
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm looking for a violinist - David
dialog: Eli Rapoport. He isn’t one of your
dialog: graduates but he might have
dialog: performed here in the ‘fifties...
scene_heading: INT. ARCHIVE, F. CHOPIN UNIVERSITY OF MUSIC. DAY (S’86) 36A
text: A secretary produces a heavy bound volume and plops it down
text: in front of Martin.
text: INSERT LIST OF NAMES as Martin scans it.
text: Hundreds of names and dates of graduation. Many names ending
scene_heading: in -SKI and -ISCZ. Radivicz... Rakowicz... Razinsky. No
text: Rapoports.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: These are all graduates of the
dialog: school. Isn’t there a record of
dialog: musicians who've played here?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: For record store you go
dialog: Srédmiescie.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I don’t mean a recording. A written
dialog: record.
text: He taps the book sharply in demonstration. The secretary
text: responds by closing the book with a snap. His tap seen as a
dialog: violation.
speaker_heading: ON MARTIN
text: Although he didn’t expect instant success, his expression
text: shows his disappointment. He realizes it’s a hopeless task
dialog: without at least a working knowledge of Polish.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Thank you. Dziekuje Ci.
text: He turns and leaves.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BAILEY’S OF BROADWICK STREET. NIGHT (S’43) 37
text: Gilbert arrives by taxi with the two boys outside one of
dialog: London’s most venerable musical instrument sellers.
scene_heading: INT. BAILEY’S. NIGHT (S’43) 38
text: He is greeted warmly by ADRIAN BAILEY (57) as a valued
text: customer of long standing. Dismissing Martin with a glance,
text: Bailey contemplates Dovidl appraisingly.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.41
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: How old is the boy ?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
text: The boy’s thirteen.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: A man, Mr Bailey - in David's
dialog: culture.
text: Taking Dovidl’s left hand in both his own, Bailey flexes
text: Dovidl’s fingers.
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: Good fingers.
dialog: (to Gilbert)
dialog: Do you have a luthier in mind?
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Nothing outrageously expensive, Mr
dialog: Bailey. But a good one.
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: Let’s leave the Strads to the
dialog: millionaires. I have something
dialog: special for him.
text: Bailey smiles, then disappears into a back room.
text: Martin is scowling.
text: A few moments of awkward silence pass before Bailey returns
text: holding a worn violin case and a bow. He sets the case down
text: and extracts the instrument.
text: At the sight of it Dovidl’s eyes gleam with avarice.
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: This is a Nicolo Gagliano filio.
text: He hands bow and violin to Dovidl, who receives them with the
text: reverence due a holy relic.
speaker_heading: BAILEY (CONT.)
dialog: The son of Alessandro Gagliano made
dialog: this instrument in 1735, the year
dialog: of his father’s death. Many think
dialog: it was a tribute violin.
dialog: (to Dovidl)
dialog: And your father-
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Foster father.
dialog: 39
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.42
text: Gilbert glares at his son.
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: -..-does not have to be Rothschild
dialog: to afford it.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Happy bar mitzvah, David.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Where’s mine?
text: Forced laughter from the two men. If Gilbert is aware how
text: cruel he’s being to his natural son he isn’t showing it.
text: But Dovidl is too distracted to spare a thought for Martin.
text: He’s examining the instrument with a lustful eye.
text: Taking the ring box from his pocket, he extracts his block of
text: rosin, swipes the bowstrings with it - once up, once down -
text: then kisses the rosin. Bailey shoots Gilbert an enquiring
text: look but no explanation is offered.
text: Dovidl has tucked the Gagliano under his chin and is testing
text: its range and resonance, playing short snatches of music in
text: various styles and in rapid succession.
text: A smile of pleasure extends across Bailey’s face.
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: (to Gilbert)
dialog: See how she responds. It will be a
dialog: happy marriage.
scene_heading: INT. WARSAW HOTEL ROOM. NIGHT (S’86) 39
dialog: Martin is working the Warsaw phone book, calling any possible
dialog: source he can think of. It’s another hopeless task, limited
dialog: by his rudimentary Polish, the poor English of his
text: interlocutors and scratchy phone connections.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (to phone)
scene_heading: Rapoport. R-A-P-O-P-O-R-T. He would
dialog: have been here from about the early
dialog: 1950’s. I don’t know how long-
dialog: (interrupted)
dialog: Of course. Thank you anyway, Pani.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT
scene_heading: SAME SCENE, PERHAPS AN HOUR LATER
dialog: Another phone call.
dialog: 40
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.43
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (to phone, frustrated)
dialog: No, I’m asking for your enquiry
dialog: rates...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Money. Pieniadze. Do you charge by
dialog: the assignment or by the hour?
dialog: (listens in frustration)
dialog: I’m sorry to have troubled you. I’m
dialog: afraid I need someone who speaks
dialog: fluent English.
text: Fluent Polish comes down the line.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Q.E.D.
text: Putting down the phone, he crosses to the window and stands
text: looking out at the city.
text: A train passing in the near distance triggers a memory...
scene_heading: INT. LONDON RAILWAY TERMINUS. DAY (W’47) 40
text: GILBERT descends from the boat train with an ENSEMBLE OF
text: MUSICIANS, their luggage and instrument cases plastered with
text: Polish and other European travel stickers. Returning from a
dialog: two-week cultural tour of post-war Russian-occupied Poland.
text: Waiting at the platform entrance are MARTIN and DOVIDL, both
text: now seventeen. Martin is still a pink-faced adolescent;
text: Dovidl, already man-shaped, has a pronounced beard shadow and
text: the stricken, grief-rimmed eyes of an unconfirmed orphan.
text: Those eyes searching Gilbert for news.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: I’m sorry, David. I tried very
dialog: hard, you must believe me.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Are you sure you went to the right
dialog: address? Dzielna 21?
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Your apartment - the tenement your
dialog: family lived in... no longer
dialog: exists, I’m afraid.
text: Dovidl’s face. Gilbert places a sympathetic hand on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: GILBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Not the worst news, David.
dialog: Definitely not the worst.
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Can you manage the cases?
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.44
text: ANGLE ON WARSAW STICKER ON SUITCASE as Martin lifts it.
scene_heading: 41 INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. NIGHT (W’47) Al
text: Same day. At dinner: Gilbert, Enid, Martin, Dovidl.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: (to Enid)
dialog: David's family definitely survived
dialog: the Ghetto. We know that much. They
dialog: were deported before the Uprising
dialog: in ‘43.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: Deported where?
text: A pause. He hates even the word.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Treblinka.
dialog: Dovidl has already been told this but the terrible name
text: shocks him anew.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: They're dead, Mrs Simmonds.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: No, David! That is not something we
dialog: May assume. There was a mass
text: revolt. Hundreds escaped. Hundreds.
dialog: I will not give up the search and
dialog: you must not give up hope. There
dialog: are any number of places they could
dialog: be - one of the DP camps, Russia,
dialog: possibly-
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Why did you take Jozef Wechsler to
dialog: Poland and not me? I play as well
text: as he does.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: You’re not ready yet.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: I could've looked for myself. I
dialog: speak Polish.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: So does Jozef, and what it got him
dialog: was the worst news - confirmed by
dialog: the Polish authorities. The other
dialog: reason I didn’t take you is that
dialog: I’m responsible for you in a way I
dialog: am not for Jozef.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.45
speaker_heading: GILBERT (cont'd)
dialog: You're both Polish citizens -
dialog: something we must rectify, by the
dialog: way. They could have kept you
dialog: there. Witness what happened to
dialog: poor Jozef.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: What happened to him?
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: His entire family’s gone. The Poles
dialog: have kept him.
dialog: (a beat)
text: In an asylum.
scene_heading: 42 INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. NIGHT (SAME EVENING) (W’47) 42
text: A search is underway for Dovidl. Gilbert comes in from the
text: garden, his face fretted with concern.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: He’s not in the shed. Did he say
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Just said he wanted to be alone.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: He took his violin.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: Is he likely to do anything silly?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yes, Mother. Run away and join a
dialog: band.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: For God's sake, Martin! His entire
dialog: family’s almost certainly been
dialog: wiped out! Show some compassion.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You mean the way he would, in my
dialog: position?
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: I don’t doubt it for a moment. He’s
dialog: been like a brother to you.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And a son to you.
dialog: 43
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.46
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: If there’s some secret place you
dialog: boys have I’ve no need to know
dialog: where it is. Just go there and find
dialog: him.
text: Martin goes out without a word.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: David isn’t the suicidal type.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: All artists are the suicidal type.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMPSTEAD HEATH. NIGHT (SAME NIGHT) (W’47) 43
text: We find Martin and Dovidl sitting under a tree in their
dialog: private place on the margin of Hampstead Ponds: Martin
text: smoking a cigarette, Dovidl a pipe.
text: The sepia family portrait we saw in Scene 21 is lying beside
text: Dovidl on the grass. The Gagliano, out of its case, hangs
text: bizarrely from a branch by the loose end of one its strings.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: My father thinks you’ve topped
dialog: yourself.
text: Dovidl smiles.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Against my religion.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Prodigal quasi-son wanted home,
dialog: Dov.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Goody. Quasi-fatted calf for din-
dialog: dins.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You really are a cold bastard, you
dialog: know that?
text: He flops down beside his friend.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (indicating the violin)
dialog: It’s that thing I’m killing: the
dialog: varnished tyrant. I’m glad you
dialog: came. Murder needs witnesses.
text: Noticing the photograph, Martin picks it up and studies it.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.47
speaker_heading: INSERT PHOTOGRAPH
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (of the photo)
dialog: Why haven’t I seen this?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: It’s how I’ve kept them safe.
dialog: Hiding them. From everyone.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I’m not everyone.
text: Martin picks it up, studies it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Which one’s Malkeh?
dialog: Dovidl points.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: She's five there. Pessia was nine.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What was it like? That life?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Still Life with Jews. Boys playing
dialog: football, old men praying, ritual
dialog: baths for the women. Malkeh was too
dialog: young for that so she would stay
dialog: home - I’d play her a lullaby at
dialog: bedtime. My father would wander the
dialog: streets - every day, Mottl, imagine
dialog: - every evening except the sabbath -
dialog: selling his jewellery, pieces he
dialog: made while the rest of us were
dialog: asleep. Just so we could eat.
dialog: Sometimes we didn’t...
text: Emotion catches him by the throat.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It’s only presumption of death. Why
dialog: your rabbi won’t let you say
dialog: kiddish, right?
text: Dovidl manages a smile.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Kiddush is the blessing over wine.
dialog: I can still say that. This is the
dialog: Kaddish:
dialog: (closes his eyes)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.48
speaker_heading: DOVIDL (cont'd)
dialog: Yisgadal v’yisqadash sh’mai
dialog: rabah...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don’t, Dov. Not if you’re not
dialog: supposed to.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Do you think I’d go mad if I knew
dialog: for certain? Strip off and run
text: naked through the streets like
text: Wechsler, waving my violin.
dialog: “Israelites to your bows! The
dialog: Philistines are upon us!”
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I don’t think he did that.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Can’t see it working in Hampstead.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Wechsler started out half barmy.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: And I’m not?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You’ve got me.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
text: A stabilising influence.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ordinary and boring.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Good for leaning on. Like this
dialog: tree.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Nice to know I’m good for
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Stop fishing for compliments,
dialog: Mottl. This is my life crisis, not
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hey, how about a joint life crisis?
dialog: Joint suicide note. We don’t have
dialog: to do it, just drive my father
dialog: nuts.
text: Dovidl laughs.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.49
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Do you think he'll ever recover?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Wechsler. Will he stay mad for
dialog: ever, do you think? What do they do
dialog: to lunatics in Poland, I wonder?
dialog: Ice cold baths? Heap ashes on your
dialog: head? It’s a place of ashes, Mottl.
dialog: It'd be exactly the right
dialog: treatment.
scene_heading: INT. ASYLUM, WARSAW. DAY (S’86) 44
dialog: Nothing much has changed here since the place was built in
text: the 1920s. Martin makes his way along a corridor of glossy
text: brown tiled walls and shiny linoleum floors to a
text: receptionist’s window, where he shows a piece of paper
text: bearing Jozef Wechsler’s name to a MALE RECEPTIONIST. After
text: staring at the name for long seconds the receptionist points
text: along the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. ASYLUM VISITING ROOM. DAY (S’86) 45
text: Martin has been directed to a small, bare room with an iron
text: grille over its single high window and walls covered in
text: faded, yellowed paint more than sixty years old.
text: JOZEF WECHSLER (now 65) is wheeled in by a NURSE almost as
text: old as the asylum itself. She positions him under the window.
text: Haggard and sallow, looking nearer eighty, Jozef is rocking
text: rhythmically to and fro in his wheelchair, as though in
text: mockery of Jewish prayer; his long, once-nimble fingers
text: fiddling compulsively with the buttons of his striped
dialog: pyjamas. Nobody here has thought to avoid the cruel irony of
text: those stripes upon a Jewish patient bereaved into madness by
dialog: the Holocaust.
text: Martin has brought grapes. Handing them to the nurse, he
text: pulls up a hard, upright chair and seats himself by Jozef.
text: The nurse remains standing.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Jozef? Do you remember me?
dialog: Martin Simmonds? From London?
dialog: No response from Jozef.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: David Rapoport was my foster
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.50
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You and he played together during
text: an air raid - in Hampstead.
dialog: (no reaction from Jozef)
dialog: You came here with my father on a
dialog: concert tour after the war.
text: Jozef seems entirely unaware of his presence.
text: Martin appeals silently to the nurse for help.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: You are friend from Pan Wechsler?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I knew him in London, before...
dialog: Before. Does he understand me?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Sometimes he remembers.
dialog: (to Jozef)
dialog: Your friend has come far for to see
dialog: you, Jozef.
text: Jozef, still rocking back and forth, says nothing.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (to nurse)
dialog: Don’t you have any pyjamas that
dialog: aren't striped?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Pyjamas...?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: They look like... Never mind.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: You are good friend?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Friend of a friend. I was
dialog: wondering... if someone we knew in
dialog: London ever visited him. Another
dialog: violinist.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: David Rapoport?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Jozef has not much visitor. His
text: family is dead.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Just only the woman.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Woman?
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.51
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: June 15 woman. She comes one day
dialog: every year. June 15.
dialog: (disapprovingly)
dialog: Not his wife.
scene_heading: EXT. WARSAW APARTMENT BLOCKS. DAY (S’86) 46
text: We're in an area of post-war apartment blocks in pale
text: colours, with a few green verges. Could be anywhere.
scene_heading: INT. ANNA’S APARTMENT BUILDING. DAY (S’86) 47
text: Entering one of the buildings, Martin climbs five flights of
dialog: iron-banistered stairs to the fifth floor. This time we might
text: think he’s close, the elusive Dovidl perhaps only a few steps
dialog: away...
text: He rings a doorbell. Waits.
text: The door is opened - though only partially - by a tall,
text: slender woman with high cheekbones, blue eyes, a small,
text: straight nose and short blonde hair: recruiting poster for
text: the mature Aryan matron. ANNA WOZNIAK, 50 but looking
dialog: younger.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Pani Wozniak? Anna Wozniak?
text: A nod, slightly suspicious. Despite Solidarnosc and the thaw
text: it has already begun to bring, the secret police are still
text: active in 1986; they come in all guises.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Do you speak English?
dialog: Another nod.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m told you might be able to help
dialog: me...
scene_heading: INT. ANNA’S APARTMENT. DAY (S’86) 48
text: Like the Simmonds house, this is the living space of a
dialog: cultured person on a strict budget: many books, few
dialog: furnishings.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I hardly know Pan Wechsler. I visit
dialog: him as a duty.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: One day a year. June 15th.
speaker_heading: 48A
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.52
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mind if I ask why?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Why do you want to know?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm trying to find someone who knew
text: him in London. Another violinist.
dialog: David Rapoport.
text: Anna’s reaction tells Martin he’s struck gold.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You know him?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (realization)
dialog: You are Martin!
scene_heading: INT. ANNA’S APARTMENT. DAY - LATER (S’86) 48A
text: CLOSE ON a framed portrait of Pope John Paul II hanging on a
text: wall and a simple wooden crucifix fixed above it.
text: Martin is looking at them as Anna returns to the room with a
text: coffee tray.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: David came the year your queen was
dialog: coronated. I lived then on Dzielna,
dialog: where he grew up. It is how we met.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How long did he stay in Warsaw?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: A few months. He was not allowed a
dialog: visa for very long.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Any idea where he went after that?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: This he did not tell me.
text: Though Anna is more forthcoming now that she knows who Martin
dialog: is, we sense that she’s not yet entirely trusting.
text: She sees that he’s looking at the crucifix.
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018)
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: They are allowed in private homes.
dialog: I took them down when David was
dialog: with me.
dialog: p-53
dialog: There’s an implication of intimacy in “with me” that Martin
text: doesn’t acknowledge.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: It would not have pleased him to
dialog: see them, I think.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No, he’s not a big fan of religion.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Your friend is a soul... on pause.
dialog: Is there a word for that?
text: Martin shakes his head, unsure what she means.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Believing one thing, another thing,
dialog: nothing - all at the same time?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Agnostic?
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Ambivalent?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Yes. David was ambivalent.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH LONDON STREETS. EARLY MORNING (S’47)
dialog: 49
text: The boys are walking to the synagogue early on a summer’s
text: morning. Dovidl carrying a velvet prayer bag.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What’s this thing I’m supposed to
dialog: witness?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: A ceremony.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Not another bar mitzvah!?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Not quite.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Bit early to raise one of those
dialog: quorum thingies.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.54
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: This doesn’t need a minyan. Just a
dialog: witness.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Nice to count for once.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Probably not to God, Mottl. Only to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Do you think He knows where your
dialog: family is? God.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Oh, He knows, He just won’t say.
dialog: Would Jesus if you asked him?
text: Martin smiles.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Why? Thinking of converting?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Jews can’t convert.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Disraeli did.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
text: Disraeli was baptised. Wetting his
dialog: head didn’t wash the Jew out of
dialog: him. Or out of Jesus. Ethnicity
dialog: isn’t soluble in water, Mottl.
dialog: Religion - well, that’s a coat.
dialog: When it gets too hot you can take
dialog: it off.
text: They arrive at the synagogue and enter.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE. EARLY MORNING (S’47) 50
text: Empty pews, unoccupied bimah, a few stragglers leaving after
text: the Shacharit service. The red glow of the Eternal Light over
text: the Ark signifies the continuing presence of God.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You just lost your minyan.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.55
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: No, this is perfect.
dialog: (indicating the Eternal
dialog: Light)
dialog: He’s here. The ceremony’s for Him.
text: He pulls from his prayer bag a striped silk tallith, which he
text: drapes about his neck, and the embroidered kippah he wore at
text: his bar mitzvah, which he places on his head.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Listen and don’t interrupt.
dialog: (intoning, to the Eternal
dialog: Light)
dialog: Hear, O Israel and the God of
dialog: Israel. On this nineteenth day of
dialog: Sivan in the year 5707, in London,
text: in the presence of Martin Simmonds,
dialog: also of London I, David Eli
dialog: Rapoport, son of Zygmunt and Esther
dialog: Rapoport of Warsaw, do freely and
dialog: of my own will renounce the faith
dialog: of my forefathers...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Converting. Be quiet.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: To what?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: (continuing his ceremony)
dialog: I do most solemnly renounce and
dialog: repudiate, now and for ever, in the
dialog: name of the surviving, the reviled
dialog: and discredited faith of the
dialog: perished: the faith of Abraham,
dialog: Isaac and Jacob...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: This isn’t funny, Dov-
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: ... the accursed faith of the
dialog: despised, the mocked, the
dialog: persecuted, the slaughtered; the
dialog: faith abandoned by Jesus. Thus do I
dialog: renounce the Torah and Talmud. Thus
dialog: do I divorce myself from the
dialog: community of Israel...
text: Dipping into his bag, he extracts a knife. With the prayer
text: shawl still around his neck, he begins to cut it into pieces.
dialog: 51
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.56
text: Martin has stepped back in horror. Though not himself a
text: practising Christian, he knows the momentousness of self-
dialog: excommunication.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: YOU CAN’T DO THIS!
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: ..-And, as I separate this garment,
dialog: so do I separate myself, now and
dialog: for all time, from the beliefs,
dialog: practices, traditions, rituals and
dialog: obligations of Zion.
text: The tallith has drifted from his neck in tatters. Pulling the
text: skull cap from his head, Dovidl cuts it in half and drops the
text: pieces at his feet.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL (CONT'D)
dialog: Amen.
text: His footsteps resonate on the tiled floor as he leaves.
text: Martin stares silently after him.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY OF ANNA’S APARTMENT, WARSAW. DUSK (S’86) 51
text: Anna has brought Martin on to the balcony of her apartment.
scene_heading: ANGLE: THE SURROUNDING NEIGHBOURHOOD
text: A reconstructed square of post-war apartment blocks built on
text: the site of the razed ghetto: a site as displaced in time as
text: that of any ancient battlefield, this one echoless by design.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: If this is where the Ghetto was,
dialog: where are the ruins?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Where the past belongs. Under the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: So he just left, didn’t say where
dialog: he was going?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Must we have these interrogations,
dialog: Martin, like a Sherlock Holmes
dialog: story?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It’s why I’m here.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Where was he staying? Didn’t he
dialog: come to say goodbye?
scene_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.56A
dialog: Long pause.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: For his first days, in a pension -
dialog: not a very good one.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Where after that?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: With me.
scene_heading: 52 INT. WARSAW BISTRO. NIGHT (S’86) 52
text: Over dinner, vodka flowing freely-
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.57
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He used you. You know that.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Martin, I loved your friend. It’s
dialog: how you live with people you don’t
dialog: always like. By loving them.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Loving Dovidl’s a mistake.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: We don’t choose who to love.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (anger building)
dialog: Trusting him’s a mistake. You can’t
dialog: trust them.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Them?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Artists. They die, they disappear,
dialog: they leave you. They don’t
dialog: understand love or loyalty.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You must stop looking for him,
dialog: Martin. It would not be good to
dialog: find him.
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.58
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: For him or me?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Both. If he wanted to be found
dialog: don’t you think he would have come
dialog: to you long ago?
text: The anger that has been building in Martin bursts out.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: We thought he was dead! My father
dialog: gave up on life when he
dialog: disappeared! Had a stroke two
text: months later. It killed him.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: David told me of your friendship.
dialog: Not how it ended.
text: Reaching across the table, Anna covers Martin’s hand with her
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: He is the soloist. We are the
dialog: accompanists. He took our light. We
dialog: have none of our own.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I don’t accept that.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Yes. You do.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: We use each other.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNA’S APARTMENT BLOCK. NIGHT (S’86) 53
dialog: Re-establishing.
scene_heading: INT. ANNA’S APARTMENT. NIGHT (S’86) 54
text: DISCOVER MARTIN in bed with Anna. Post-coital. For him it’s
text: as though he has performed the act under some irresistible
text: compulsion. Anna senses it.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You have never done this before?
dialog: Been unfaithful to your wife?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: How does it feel?
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.59
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Like betrayal.
text: He turns his head to look at her. Is this why she lured him
dialog: into her bed? To show him the obverse face of betrayal? She
text: reads the question in his eyes.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Where did he go when he left
dialog: Poland, Anna?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Again this? I told you, he did not
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I don’t believe you.
text: He points at a crucifix over the bed.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Swear on that.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Oh, Martin, that cross has heard
dialog: more lies than... Goebbels’
dialog: bathroom mirror.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Swear anyway.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I swear on the holy cross he did
dialog: not tell me where he went.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Why do you visit Wechsler?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I told you this also. I go in place
dialog: of David.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How often did he go?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Once only. To play for him the
dialog: Song. June 15th, 1953. He never
dialog: went again.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What song?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Martin, it’s why David came to
dialog: Poland. To play the music where the
dialog: ashes are. It was his obsession.
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.60
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: There is nothing to tell. I was not
dialog: permitted to hear it. He sent me
dialog: from the room when he played for
dialog: Jozef. The only other time I was
dialog: made to wait in the car... when I
dialog: took him to Treblinka.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ANNA’S CAR/TREBLINKA. DAY (S‘86) 55
text: Anna’s Polski Fiat passes a small roadside kapliczka
text: [Catholic monument] as they approach Treblinka.
scene_heading: EXT. TREBLINKA - SYMBOLIC CEMETERY ENTRANCE. DAY (S’86) 56
text: Anna drives in and stops by a sculpture representing railway
text: tracks at the entrance to the symbolic cemetery. Beyond the
text: memorials the forest can be seen encroaching at the
text: perimeter: still raw, undressed, startled by discovery.
text: Anna shuts off the engine.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: This is where I waited. None of
dialog: this was here. Only fields, some
dialog: railway tracks.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Did he tell you about his family?
dialog: Pessia would have been fifteen,
dialog: Malkeh ten or eleven. They never
dialog: appeared on any lists. We
dialog: encouraged him to keep hoping.
dialog: Maybe we shouldn’t have.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: He never spoke of them. To David
dialog: Jews were not Poles. I ama Pole, I
dialog: live where he lived, I stole his
dialog: life. To him I am one of the
dialog: persecutors.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You were just a child then.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You don’t have to be guilty to feel
dialog: guilty.
speaker_heading: 56A
dialog: 57
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.61
scene_heading: EXT. TREBLINKA - THE SYMBOLIC CEMETERY. DAY (S’86) 56A
text: DISCOVER MARTIN AND ANNA walking through the symbolic
text: cemetery: a garden of stone slabs of various sizes, each one
text: representing an annihilated Jewish community.
text: Neither Anna nor Martin speaks as they wander among the
dialog: stones, reading the names of villages, towns, cities; here
text: only the dead do the talking. Martin stops by the largest
text: stone of all, inscribed “WARSZAWA”, contemplates it in
dialog: silence...
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT TERMINAL. DAY (S’86) 57
text: As they approach the airport terminal in Anna’s Fiat Polski-
speaker_heading: ANNA
text: The morning after, he was gone. He
dialog: left behind everything.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What’s everything?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Me. Poland. His past. You.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: The violin.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Wait a minute. He left the
dialog: Gagliano?
text: Anna’s Polski pulls up outside the terminal.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I found it after he went - I
dialog: couldn’t believe he did that on
dialog: purpose. Something so precious. I
text: went in a taxi to the airport to
dialog: return it.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: He told me to sell it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And send him the money?
speaker_heading: 57A
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.62
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: The money I was to keep.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Did you?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: It was not mine to sell.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: His either.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: That is why he took it back.
text: Retrieving his bag from the back seat, Martin opens the
text: passenger door. Unsure how to conduct the valediction.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: So... I suppose this is goodbye.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I never lied to you, Martin. He
dialog: never told me where he was going.
dialog: (moment of decision)
dialog: When I was giving him the violin a
text: flight was called. Suddenly he was
text: in a hurry.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: The flight was to New York.
text: ON MARTIN: a surge of excitement pulsing through him; a trail
text: thirty-three years cold but still a trail.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (kissing her)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: God bless you, Martin. I would say
dialog: I hope you find him... but I hope
dialog: you do not.
text: Martin closes the car door, heads into the terminal.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 57A
speaker_heading: OMITTED 58
scene_heading: INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. NIGHT (S’86) 59
text: Martin returns from his travels to a house in semi-darkness.
text: The hall light is on but Helen isn’t in the living room, nor
dialog: in the kitchen...
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.63
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Helen?
dialog: No answer.
text: He climbs the stairs and enters the bedroom, where he finds
text: Helen in bed, reading. Her eyes flick up, then back to the
dialog: book.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What’re you reading?
text: She shows him the cover. Making a Difference: Feminist
dialog: Literary Criticism by Kahn and Green [published 1985].
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don’t tell me the ending.
text: Ignored by Helen, Martin busies himself unpacking his
text: suitcase, removing his jacket etc.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No, I didn’t find him. Thanks for
dialog: asking.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I know where he went after Poland.
text: Still nothing back from Helen.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONTD.)
dialog: New York.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Next stage of the ‘Great Quest’?
text: Martin seats himself on the bed.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You don’t care if I find him, do
dialog: you?
text: Helen shrugs.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Why? You used to like him.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (raising the book)
dialog: I used to like pony stories.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He was fun to be around.
dialog: 60
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.64
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh, yes. Charismatic genius and all
dialog: that. Except geniuses aren’t very
dialog: good at being human.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I know his faults, okay. I’ve known
dialog: them a lot longer than you have.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Then why waste your time on him?
dialog: Our time.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I may be all he’s got.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I’m all you’ve got.
text: It takes a moment for the import of this to register.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He’s not a fucking rival, love.
text: Now she looks up, meets his eye.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: He was from the day I met him.
text: JAUNTY JEWISH BAND MUSIC OVER - the Hora Nayeem, played with
dialog: some unusual strings riffs-
scene_heading: INT. DANCE HALL, LONDON. NIGHT (MAY, 1948) 60
text: ON DOVIDL the source of the riffs.
text: Having joined the band for the length of the song, he is
text: seated cross-legged on the floor in front of the cellist,
text: bowing the strings while the cellist does the fingering: a
text: party trick which is drawing loud applause from everyone in
dialog: the hall.
text: HELEN and MARTIN (both 18 here) are watching this: Helen with
text: fascination. She hasn’t met Dovidl yet.
text: The occasion is a celebratory dance: the hall hung with
text: Israeli flags, portraits of Ben-Gurion, a banner declaring
dialog: the date (May 14th, 1948) and proclaiming the birth of the
dialog: State of Israel.
text: In one corner a recruitment stand has been set up, a couple
text: of tanned sabras in khaki shirts enjoining North Londoners to
text: enlist in the new army, to fight the massed Arab hordes
dialog: preparing to destroy their infant nation. “ISRAEL NEEDS YOU!”
text: reads the sign.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.65
text: The song ends and Dovidl makes his way through the crowd to
text: Martin, the band now playing Bublitschki.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Thanks for coming, Mottl.
dialog: (eyeing Helen)
dialog: Ah, the much-advertised Helen. No
dialog: interest in Israel, I assume, but
dialog: Mottl’s here for me, so you’re here
dialog: for him, yes?
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: A dance is a dance.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (to Helen)
dialog: My brother: Dov the Apostate. Not
text: soluble in water.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (indicating recruiters)
dialog: Shall I join up and shed blood for
dialog: Israel, Mottl? The baby’s one day
text: old and already bashing up its
dialog: neighbours, keyneynahora.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I think they’re only taking Jews,
dialog: Dov.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: There goes our reputation for draft-
dialog: dodging.
dialog: (to Helen)
dialog: But they do take women. One up on
dialog: God.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: If you're an apostate how come
dialog: you're celebrating a Jewish state?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: They give great parties. Never
dialog: missed one yet.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: When was the last one?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: 516 B.C.
text: Dovidl offers his hand. Helen takes it, allows herself to be
text: led onto the dance floor.
text: Martin is left abandoned.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.66
scene_heading: 61 INT. TAXI. NIGHT (MAY, 1948) 61
text: Dovidl is lolling drunkenly against Helen in the back seat,
text: eyes closed.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Sorry about this. We can dump him
dialog: and go back if you want.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: No, it’s okay. Drop me off first.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I haven’t seen him at lectures. Is
dialog: he in our year?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He isn’t at UCL. Trinity,
dialog: Cambridge, reading Maths.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (pulls a face)
dialog: Maths!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Music plus chess equals maths.
dialog: Simmonds’ Equation.
text: Helen’s eyebrows go up. Dovidl’s being a science major makes
text: him doubly exotic. She brushes a stray lock of hair out of
text: Dovidl’s eyes, which open at her touch.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Dead and gone to heaven. “L'amor
dialog: che muove il sole e l'altre
dialog: stelle.”
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Am I supposed to be impressed?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: You kidding? Maths and Dante?
text: Helen laughs.
text: The taxi pulls up outside a terraced house.
text: Helen climbs out.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Nice meeting you, Dovidl.
text: She closes the taxi door and is gone.
text: As the taxi moves off-
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: 61A
dialog: 62
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.67
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (eyes still closed)
dialog: Impregnable fortress. Best of
dialog: British luck with that one,
dialog: brother.
scene_heading: INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE, DINING ROOM. NIGHT (S’86) 61A
text: Alone in the house, Helen is working her way through a box of
dialog: memorabilia.
dialog: We'll see, among other things: the programme for Dovidl’s
text: aborted 1951 debut concert; a faded newspaper clipping from
text: the following day, headlined: “VIOLINIST MISSING”, 21-year-
text: old Dovidl pictured; and, most prominent, the sleeve to the
dialog: promotional recording referred to in Scene 1: featuring
text: Dovidl’s rendering of the BACH PARTITAS, which we'll hear
text: playing over.
text: Helen's face is registering a complex emotional cocktail
dialog: that’s tricky to read: transportation, nostalgia, dislike,
dialog: regret... and something else...
scene_heading: INT. LONDON CONCERT HALL. AFTERNOON (A’51) 62
text: The orchestra is packing up its instruments, preparing to
text: leave after the final acoustic rehearsal. Dovidl casing his
dialog: Gagliano.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You should lock that in the
dialog: dressing room. It'll be safe there.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Did Ulysses lock away his bow?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: If it was pissing down in Ithaca,
dialog: absolutely.
dialog: (nervous )
dialog: How do you feel? Are you nervous
dialog: about tonight? I’m not nervous. How
dialog: do you think the rehearsal went?
text: Dovidl grins. “Nervous” isn’t in his lexicon.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: How did it sound?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Great. Terrific. Magic.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: It was crap.
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.68
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Good crap, though.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Great rehearsal, crap performance.
dialog: Crap rehearsal, great performance.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What are you going to do now?
dialog: (checks watch)
dialog: You've got... four and a half
dialog: hours.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Get drunk.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Oh, so droll. International debut
dialog: of David Eli Rapoport: tiddly
dialog: fiddly-comedian. Isaac Stern meets
dialog: Vic Oliver. Know what you ought to
dialog: do? Seriously? Relax. I mean
dialog: totally.
dialog: (as Edward G. Robinson)
dialog: Take my advice, kid. Get yourself
dialog: laid.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: That what you’re going to do?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Me? I’m doing haircut and manicure.
dialog: Pull out my hair in handfuls, bite
dialog: my nails to the quick.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: See you in the trenches.
text: He wanders off. Martin watches him go.
scene_heading: INT. YELLOW CAB, MANHATTAN. DAY (S’86) 63
text: A yellow cab in traffic. Martin in the back seat, studying a
dialog: list of auction houses and specialist dealers in classical
text: stringed instruments. Several names have already been crossed
text: off. The next on the list is “FEINMAN BROTHERS”.
scene_heading: EXT. FEINMAN BROTHERS, MANHATTAN. DAY (S’86) 64
text: Martin enters a shop in a lower Manhattan side street:
scene_heading: "FEINMAN BROTHERS: STRING INSTRUMENT SALES, RESTORATIONS,
scene_heading: VALUATIONS”.
dialog: 65
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.69
scene_heading: INT. FEINMAN BROTHERS. CONTINUOUS (S’86) 65
text: The old man who emerges at the sound of the shop’s bell is a
dialog: Manhattan counterpart of Mr Bailey, only at least 20 years
dialog: older.
speaker_heading: FEINMAN
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm looking for a Gagliano violin.
text: Feinman smiles.
speaker_heading: FEINMAN
dialog: Father, son or grandson? Alessandro
dialog: or one of the Nicolos?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Nicolo Filio. Made in 1735.
speaker_heading: FEINMAN
dialog: (another smile)
dialog: Ah, my English-sounding friend, you
dialog: are hunting dodos. I know of only
dialog: two listed Nicolo Filios made in
dialog: ‘35. Neither has changed hands in
dialog: living memory...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: This one may not be listed.
speaker_heading: FEINMAN
dialog: Then it’s a fake.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It was bought in London. Bailey's
dialog: of Broadwick Street.
speaker_heading: FEINMAN
dialog: My father - olav hasholem - used to
dialog: do business with Adrian Bailey.
dialog: Fakes he didn’t sell.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Has anyone ever tried to sell you a
dialog: 1735 Gagliano?
speaker_heading: FEINMAN
dialog: You're looking for the instrument
dialog: or the owner?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Both.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p-70
speaker_heading: FEINMAN
dialog: When they come up for sale they go
dialog: to the larger auction houses.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: This one hasn’t.
text: Feinman examines his memory.
speaker_heading: FEINMAN
dialog: Maybe four or five years back a
dialog: woman phoned, wanted a valuation.
dialog: But that might have been a Nicolo
dialog: II - I’m not sure. She spoke to my
dialog: brother Herschel.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Did she give a name?
speaker_heading: FEINMAN
dialog: An address. Herschel told her,
dialog: “Bring it in, we’ll look.”
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Did she?
speaker_heading: FEINMAN
dialog: She wanted he should schlep out to
dialog: Brooklyn with it. Had to be this
dialog: particular day, this particular
dialog: time - I don’t think the husband
dialog: knew she was selling.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: So he didn’t go?
speaker_heading: FEINMAN
dialog: To a man my age, Herschel’s age,
dialog: time also is a Gagliano.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Would your brother remember where
dialog: in Brooklyn?
speaker_heading: FEINMAN
dialog: Herschel passed away last year,
dialog: olav hasholem.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: My sympathies.
speaker_heading: FEINMAN
dialog: Crown Heights somewhere. If it’s
dialog: important, I could maybe find the
dialog: address....
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
scene_heading: Yellow - SoN D9.3 (11/15/2018) p.71
scene_heading: INT. YELLOW CAB (TRAVELLING), CROWN HEIGHTS. DUSK (S’86) 66
text: A strengthening gale is blowing as Martin rides through the
text: suburban streets of Crown Heights in a yellow cab, past shops
text: bearing Hebrew and Yiddish lettering, bearded, long-coated
text: men clutching their wide-brimmed hats and fedoras against the
text: wind as they go to and from the yeshiva on Eastern Parkway.
dialog: It’s the last place in America Martin would expect to find
dialog: the apostate Dovidl. Plainly it’s the wrong Gagliano, unless
dialog: its owner bought it from Dovidl...
text: The cab pulls up outside a house.
scene_heading: EXT. CROWN HEIGHTS HOUSE. DUSK (S’86) 67
text: Martin waits in the wind until the door is opened by a
text: prematurely worn-out-looking woman in her early forties
text: (BROCHE). A seven year-old boy, ZYGMUNT (JUNIOR), dressed in
text: ultra-orthodox style, peeps from behind her legs.
text: The light thrown from the interior reveals a mezuzah on the
text: doorpost.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Sorry to bother you but I was given
dialog: this address...
dialog: Taking in Martin’s appearance - not ultra-orthodox, therefore
text: someone to be suspicious of - she manoeuvres the boy
text: protectively behind her.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m looking for a violin...
speaker_heading: BROCHE BROCHE
dialog: Gay holen deyn tate. Go fetch your father.
text: The boy dashes back into the house, calling-
speaker_heading: ZYGMUNT (JR.)
dialog: Tatti!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: .+-a Gagliano-
text: He breaks off as the man of the house appears, the boy behind
text: him, clutching his legs. Following them are a girl of six and
text: another a year younger, crowding to see who the stranger is
text: at the door.
dialog: +e
dialog: *
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.72
text: The man is Martin’s age, his hair and beard still thick and
text: black, the beard framing a face still handsome, a jawline not
text: in the least jowly. He wears the long black coat of an ultra-
text: orthodox Jew and, beneath it, a collarless white shirt. But
text: he’s instantly recognisable.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: You took your time, Mottl.
speaker_heading: MARTIN’S REACTION
text: He’s hardly able to believe that this is Dovidl, yet so
text: constrained is he by the circumstances of the encounter that
text: he’s unable to react freely. All he can do is shake his head
dialog: in wonder.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: As you see: I took off the coat, I
dialog: put it back on.
text: So saying, he pulls a long black coat from a hook by the door
text: and shrugs into it as he steps outside, closing the door
text: behind him, shutting Martin away from his life.
scene_heading: INT. DOVIDL’S CAMPER (TRAVELLING). NIGHT (S’86) 68
text: It’s a battered old camper and there’s silence inside it,
text: disturbed only by engine and wind noise as, driven by Dovidl
text: with Martin beside him, it rattles through the streets of
dialog: Brooklyn.
dialog: In Martin’s face we'll see thirty-five years of pent-up
text: anger, perplexity and frustration waiting for expression; in
text: Dovidl’s face as he drives there is nothing readable.
text: Eventually Dovidl pulls in at a lonely parking spot
text: overlooking the East River.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST RIVER OVERLOOK. NIGHT (S’86) 69
dialog: On a night like this Dovidl’s is the only vehicle in the
dialog: parking area.
scene_heading: INT. DOVIDL’S CAMPER. NIGHT (S’86) 70
text: Dovidl sets the hand brake and cuts the motor. The silence is
text: disturbed now only by the wind and the ticking of the cooling
text: engine. Dovidl turns finally to face Martin...
text: ...and receives, full force in his face, A FLURRY OF REPEATED
text: HARD BLOWS which split his lip and draw blood from his mouth
dialog: and nose.
text: Dovidl makes no attempt to dodge the blows or shield himself
dialog: from them.
scene_heading: Yellow - SoN D9.3 (11/15/2018) p.73
text: He just sits there and receives them as his due. Though this
text: is a far cry from their old slow-motion boxers ritual, the
text: moment should echo it darkly.
text: Breathing hard, Martin finally sinks back in the passenger
text: seat. Dovidl dabs at his bleeding face with his sleeve.
text: With a shake of the head Martin pulls from his pocket a
text: neatly folded clean pocket handkerchief. Brushing Dovidl’s
text: hand aside, he takes over the dabbing with this.
text: After a few moments Dovidl appropriates the handkerchief and
text: continues wiping his own blood, but in doing so notices that
text: Martin’s knuckles are bleeding too. Abandoning his own
text: injuries, he wraps the handkerchief around Martin’s hand
dialog: instead. Blood brotherhood. No words spoken. Until-
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Say it, Mottl. Say what’s on your *
dialog: mind. It'll make you feel better. *
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You've no fucking idea. Do you? Why *
dialog: did you do it?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: I’m not sure you’d understand. *
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I didn’t expect it to be you.
dialog: Tonight, when I came about the
dialog: violin. You were the last person in
dialog: the world I expected to find.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: When I abandoned the Holy One it
dialog: took Him four years to find me.
dialog: It’s taken you thirty-five.
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: Not bad. *
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: God didn’t punish you. I will.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: So will He, in time, blessed be His
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: My father put everything he had
dialog: into you, you ungrateful bastard.
dialog: Hebrew lessons, bacon-less
dialog: breakfasts, pudding-less dinners,
dialog: bar mitzvah, fucking Gagliano...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
scene_heading: Yellow - SoN D9.3 (11/15/2018) p.74
speaker_heading: MARTIN (cont'd)
dialog: and that concert - he didn’t even
dialog: insure it, didn’t think he needed
dialog: to. He treated you like his
dialog: favourite fucking son - for twelve *
dialog: years - and you buggered off
dialog: without a word. He thought you were
dialog: dead! He lost everything that
dialog: night. Two months later, he died *
dialog: with your name on his lips.
text: This revelation shocks Dovidl into silence. He opens the
text: driver's door and steps out into the gale to process it.
scene_heading: MARTIN’S POV - DOVIDL BATTERED BY THE WIND, COAT TAILS FLYING
text: Dovidl re-enters.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Do you remember what you said the
dialog: last time I saw you? “Get laid,”
dialog: you said.
speaker_heading: OVER SCENE 71 *
speaker_heading: DOVIDL (V.O.)
dialog: So I did. But in my eagerness I'd
dialog: come out without cab fare. I had to
dialog: go back by bus...
dialog: +e
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACED HOUSE, NORTH LONDON. DAY (A’51) 71
text: Carrying his violin case, Dovidl waits by a suburban bus stop
text: in a leafy street of terraced houses. Rain still falling.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL (V.O.)
dialog: So I did. But in my eagerness I'd
dialog: come out without cab fare. I had to
dialog: go back by bus...
text: A bus arrives. Dovidl boards. The bus moves off.
scene_heading: INT. LONDON BUS. DAY (A’51) 72
text: Dovidl climbs to the upper deck. He slumps into a seat,
text: cradles the violin case in his lap, closes his eyes...
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BUS. DAY (A’51) 73
text: The driver leaves the bus, thinking all his passengers have
text: departed. It’s one of several buses lined up empty in the
text: street where their route terminates.
text: Dovidl wakes on the top deck of the empty bus. He makes his
text: way down the winding staircase and into the street, where
text: it’s raining heavily.
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.75
scene_heading: EXT. STOKE NEWINGTON HIGH STREET. DAY (A’51) 74
text: The street is adjacent to Stoke Newington Market.
text: Stallholders are covering their goods and packing up early,
text: all too busy to be approached for directions. Dovidl wanders
text: past in the rain, carrying his cased Gagliano, no idea where
text: he is, except that it’s a Jewish neighbourhood - past barrels
text: of pickled cucumbers, marble slabs of herring - transported
text: by sights, sounds and smells reminiscent of the Warsaw of his
dialog: childhood.
text: He turns a corner... and finds himself at a dead end: a
text: railway embankment. Hopelessly lost.
text: But there’s a shop on a corner: Frumkin’s.
scene_heading: INT. FRUMKIN’S. DAY (A’51) 75
text: One either side of a marble counter the shop’s proprietor,
text: FRUMKIN (55) - a tubular man in a soiled apron - is deep in
text: argument with KATZENBERG (60), a black-bearded, black-coated
text: customer. Their argument, Talmudic in character, is being
dialog: conducted in Yiddish (subtitled).
scene_heading: KATZENBERG KATZENBERG
dialog: Nisht dus meynt di Gemore. That isn’t what the text
dialog: means-—
speaker_heading: FRUMKIN FRUMKIN
dialog: Oh, ihr hat gehat a Oh, you’ve had a personal
dialog: perzenlekhe taytsh fin reading from the Holy One?
dialog: Eybishter?
text: Dovidl addresses them in Yiddish.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL DOVIDL
dialog: Entshuldigtz az ikh brekh I’m sorry to interrupt-
dialog: inter-
text: The two men glance up at him. White shirt and tie, three-
text: piece suit. Lost goy, obviously. But how come he speaks their
dialog: language?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL DOVIDL
dialog: Ihr kent efsher zugn wi bin If you could tell me where I
dialog: ikh... am...
speaker_heading: FRUMKIN FRUMKIN
dialog: Fin wi zeynt ihr? Where are you from?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL .
text: Hampstead.
scene_heading: KATZENBERG KATZENBERG
dialog: Fin der heym? Originally.
speaker_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Warshe.
speaker_heading: KATZENBERG
dialog: Ayer mishpokhe?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Oykh fin Warshe.
speaker_heading: KATZENBERG
dialog: Ikh bin fin Siedlice.
speaker_heading: DOVILD
dialog: Farn krig?
speaker_heading: KATZENBERG
dialog: Far dem, in mitn, nokh dem.
dialog: Der Ghetto, Treblinka, yetzt
dialog: doo.
dialog: (09/20/2018) p.76
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Warsaw.
speaker_heading: KATZENBERG
dialog: Your family?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Also Warsaw.
speaker_heading: KATZENBERG
dialog: I’m from Siedlice.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Before the war?
speaker_heading: KATZENBERG
dialog: Before, during, after. The
dialog: Ghetto, Treblinka, now here.
text: Dovidl’s face is registering wonder and disbelief.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Ihr hat Treblinka ibergelebt!
speaker_heading: KATZENBERG
dialog: Eynige habn ibergelebt. Eyer
dialog: mishpokhe zeynen geharget
dialog: geworn?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Ya. Ikh meyn .. ikh weiss
dialog: nisht ..ikh weiss az zey
dialog: zeynen geven in Treblinka
dialog: ober inz keynmohl nisht...
dialog: ()
dialog: Ihr hat zey gekent? Zygmunt
dialog: Rapoport? Esther? Pessia?
dialog: Malkeh? Hat ihr gekent eynem
dialog: fin zey?
speaker_heading: KATZENBERG
dialog: Nein, tit mir leyd,
dialog: yinguerman.
dialog: Ihr wilt wissn?
text: Dovidl nods. Above all things it’s what he wants. But how...?
speaker_heading: FRUMKIN
dialog: (to Katzenberg)
dialog: Nemtz ehm.
dialog: Dovidl frowns. Take him where?
speaker_heading: KATZENBERG
dialog: Kimtz.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: You survived Treblinka!
speaker_heading: KATZENBERG
dialog: Some did. Your family
dialog: perished?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Yes. I mean... I don’t
dialog: know... I know they were in
dialog: Treblinka but we never...
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Did you know them? Zygmunt
dialog: Rapoport? Esther? Pessia?
dialog: Malkeh? Did you know any of
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: KATZENBERG
dialog: No. I’m sorry, my young
dialog: friend.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Do you want to know?
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: FRUMKIN
dialog: (to Katzenberg)
dialog: Take him.
speaker_heading: KATZENBERG
dialog: Come.
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.77
text: Dovidl glances at his watch. He has a concert to prepare for.
dialog: Has he time for this, whatever it is? But the decision is
text: made for him. Stretching his arm around Dovidl’s shoulders,
text: Katzenberg leads him out into the street.
scene_heading: EXT. YOUNG REBBE’S SYNAGOGUE. DAY (A’51) 76
text: An alley leads them to what appears from the outside to be an
text: ordinary residential house, somewhat run-down; but as
text: Katzenberg and Dovidl enter, both saturated from the rain-
scene_heading: INT. YOUNG REBBE’S SYNAGOGUE. DAY (A’51) 77
text: -we see that the ground-floor partition walls have been
text: removed to create a large, low-ceilinged prayer hall,
text: furnished like a synagogue and consecrated as one, supported
text: by steel beams and pillars. Around twenty men and youths (no
text: women) are swaying in prayer.
text: Katzenberg strides to the bimah and slaps his hand loudly on
dialog: the lectern.
scene_heading: KATZENBERG KATZENBERG
dialog: Inz habmir do a Rapoport fin We have a Rapoport from
dialog: Warshe! Warsaw!
text: Instantly the praying stops. A smooth-cheeked BOY of thirteen
text: slips out of the room.
text: ON DOVIDL, understanding none of this. He looks to Katzenberg
text: for an explanation but receives none.
text: Almost immediately the boy returns. With him is a bearded man
text: in his thirties: THE YOUNG REBBE.
text: Though twice this man’s age, Katzenberg inclines his head
text: respectfully in his presence.
scene_heading: KATZENBERG KATZENBERG
dialog: Rebbe, dus iz Dovid Eli Rebbe, this is Dovid Eli
dialog: Rapoport. Fin Warshe. Er Rapoport. From Warsaw. He
dialog: willt wissn. wants to know.
text: The Young Rebbe nods. Shaking Dovidl’s hand-
dialog: YOUNG REBBE YOUNG REBBE
dialog: Sholem aleikhem, Dovid. Shalom aleikhem, Dovid.
speaker_heading: DOVILD DOVIDL
dialog: Ikh will nisht stern eynker I don’t want to disturb
dialog: davenen. your...
dialog: YOUNG REBBE YOUNG REBBE
dialog: Bitte, zetzt aykh. Please, take a seat.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.78
text: He gestures. Dovidl and Katzenberg seat themselves. The
text: entire congregation now strikes an attitude of attention.
text: Prayer books are closed, backs straightened.
text: The Young Rebbe climbs the steps to an elevated bimah, on
text: which there is a lectern, and on the lectern, alongside the
text: Torah, a large privately-bound book the size of a ledger.
text: Katzenberg speaks softly to Dovidl in Yiddish while the Rebbe
text: opens the ledger and reverently begins turning its pages....
scene_heading: KATZENBERG KATZENBERG
dialog: Dovid, in inzer kehilah siz David, among our community it
dialog: inzer shpetzieler tafkid, wus is our special duty, given to
dialog: der Alter Rebbe hat inz us by the Alte Rebbe in
dialog: gegeben, tzi haltn, di Treblinka, to keep the Book
dialog: Memorbukh far Treblinka. of Remembrance. No exact
dialog: S‘'zeynen nisht geven records survive of the camp’s
dialog: shriftliche zichroynos, di dead and this the Alte REbbe
dialog: nemen fin di toyte nor predicted; so he had their
dialog: gehalten gevorn dorkh di names committed to memory.
dialog: mentshen. In wayl s’zeynen And since there were so many,
dialog: gewen azoyfil toyte, in dos and the lives of those tasked
dialog: leben fin di wus woltn to remember were so fragile,
dialog: gedarft denken is gewen azoy ten elders were chosen as a
dialog: shwakh, tzen eltere zeynen Minyan of Remembrance. Only
dialog: geworn oysgeklibn als a three of the ten survived.
dialog: Minyan fin Zikorn, in
dialog: beoyftragt tzi oyfhaltn di
dialog: nemen far eybig. Nor drey fin
dialog: di tzen habn ibergelebt.
text: Having found his place, the Young Rebbe is smoothing down a
text: double page of the Book of Remembrance.
scene_heading: KATZENBERG KATZENBERG
dialog: Shpeter m’hat upgeshribn di Later the names were written
dialog: nemen. Ober, natirlekh, di down. But the record is
dialog: liste is incomplete. If the names of
dialog: nisht a complete. Oyb di your loved ones are not found
dialog: nemen fin ayer tayere here it will not necessarily
dialog: keroyvim zeynen nishtu, dus mean they survived.
dialog: maynt nisht az zey hobn
dialog: ibergelebt.
text: David nods, impatient now for the mere chance of knowing
dialog: after a decade of ignorance and speculation.
text: The Rebbe begins to chant a recitation.
text: What he chants - a musical theme based on traditional laments
dialog: - is The Song of Names, in Yiddish, as it was originally
dialog: remembered: a partial list of the dead of Treblinka.
dialog: The melody should be so soulful, so powerful, so immediately
text: arresting that at first audition it will burn itself
text: indelibly into the memory of all who hear it.
dialog: 78
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.79
speaker_heading: YOUNG REBBE
dialog: Rapoport ay Rapoport ay Rapoport...
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION
dialog: Ay Rapoport.
speaker_heading: YOUNG REBBE
dialog: Rapoport Avrum, fin Varsheh;
dialog: Rapoport Berel un Chayeh-Soroh, fin
dialog: Kutne, mit kinder Yossl, Yechiel un
dialog: Leah...
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION
dialog: (in Hebrew)
dialog: Yehi zikhrom borikh!
speaker_heading: YOUNG REBBE
dialog: Rapoport, Chaim-Dovid, Rapoport
dialog: Shua-Chaim, fin Zychlin; Rapoport
dialog: Yerachmiel, mizinke Elke, mit
dialog: kleyner Shloime, mit Shneyur-Zalmen
dialog: un mit Rivke...
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION
dialog: (in Hebrew)
dialog: Yehi zikhrom borikh!
speaker_heading: YOUNG REBBE
dialog: Rapoport Anya, fin Varsheh;
dialog: Rapoport Bella, mit kinder, mit
dialog: Reuben un Rifke; fin Varsheh:
dialog: Rapoport Zygmunt, wayb Esther, mit
dialog: tochter Pessia, mit tochter
dialog: Malkeh...
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION
dialog: (in Hebrew)
dialog: Yehi zikhrom borikh!
text: Looking up, seeing Dovidl’s face, the Rebbe halts his song.
speaker_heading: ON DOVIDL
text: his eyes awash. Here, for the first time, in this most
text: unlikely of settings, a place to which he has come seemingly
text: by accident, he has heard at last the names of his family
dialog: included in the roll of the dead; confirmed what until now
text: was only a supposition. He has closure. Nothing in his life
dialog: will ever be the same again.
text: Katzenberg’s arm once more enfolds the grieving Dovidl as he
text: weeps, unashamed, among these strangers of his tribe.
scene_heading: INT. DOVIDL’S CAMPER. NIGHT (S’86) 78
text: Here it’s Martin’s eyes that have filled.
scene_heading: Yellow - SoN D9.3 (11/15/2018) p.80
text: Lashed by gusts of wind, the camper rocks on its springs,
text: back and forth as though itself dovening. A week-old
text: newspaper flies against the windscreen and briefly plasters
text: itself across it before taking wing again, the past
text: momentarily obliterating the present.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: They set the names to music to make
dialog: them easier to remember. This is
dialog: oral tradition, Mottl. It gave us
dialog: the Torah, passed down mouth to ear
dialog: for a hundred generations. It’s the
dialog: chain I cannot break.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: The two little girls you saw at my
dialog: house were named for my sisters:
dialog: Malkeh and Pessia. My son I named
dialog: for his grandfather, Zygmunt. On
dialog: Yom HaShoah each year I say Kaddish
dialog: for them.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Do you know what one of the worst
dialog: fears was for those in the camps?
text: It wasn’t dying. It was dying with
text: their entire family. Leaving no-one
dialog: behind to say Kaddish for their
dialog: souls.
text: A long silence follows.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I’m glad it brought you peace. It
dialog: doesn’t explain why you never
dialog: wrote, never phoned, never sent a
dialog: message... Why did you cut us out
dialog: of your life? In all those years
dialog: did you ever give any of us a
dialog: thought?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Often.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Then I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: I wouldn’t expect you to.
dialog: More silence.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How long did this Song take?
dialog: +e
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
scene_heading: Yellow - SoN D9.3 (11/15/2018) p.81
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: The complete version? Five days.
dialog: They do it in shifts - five rabbis -
dialog: once a year. I’ve only heard that
dialog: done once. So many names, Mottl....
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Afterwards I sat shiva...
speaker_heading: OVER SCENE 79 *
speaker_heading: DOVIDL (V.O.)
dialog: ...the full week - no half measures
dialog: among the ultra-orthodox. No
dialog: washing, no shaving, no diversions.
dialog: Just prayers.
dialog: + *
scene_heading: INT. YOUNG REBBE’S SYNAGOGUE. DAY (A’51) 79
text: First the Young Rebbe leans over Dovidl and with a knife cuts
text: the lapel of his jacket.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL (V.0O.)
dialog: ...the full week - no half measures
dialog: among the ultra-orthodox. No
dialog: washing, no shaving, no diversions.
dialog: Just prayers.
text: Then Dovidl receives a blessing from the congregation.
scene_heading: CONGREGATION CONGREGATION
dialog: Ha mokaym yenakhem eskhem May the Eternal console you
dialog: besokh shar avaleh Tzion among all the mourners of
dialog: virusholayim. Zion and Jerusalem.
scene_heading: INT. DOVIDL’S CAMPER. NIGHT (S’86) 80
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You could have deferred that. I
dialog: would have sat with you.
text: Dovidl turns his head to look at Martin. Another wild gust
text: rocks the vehicle.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: A concert no longer seemed
dialog: important.
text: ANGLE - THE CAMPER, relentlessly assaulted by the gale.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: (his tone has softened)
dialog: You were still in London a year *
dialog: later.
scene_heading: Yellow - SoN D9.3 (11/15/2018) p.81A
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: My life had changed. The Almighty
dialog: had remembered my family. I'd
dialog: abandoned Him, He hadn’t abandoned
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: Yellow - SoN D9.3 (11/15/2018)
speaker_heading: DOVIDL (cont'd)
dialog: In return I made Him a promise: I
dialog: would compose a violin version of
dialog: the Song of Names and play it at
dialog: Treblinka. Then I would devote the
dialog: rest of my life to His worship.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: If I had come back - what would you
dialog: have done?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I don’t know...
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Of course. I owe you a violin.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You owe me a concert.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: I’m not a bright new discovery any
dialog: more, Mottl. I doubt anybody
dialog: remembers me. When I play now it’s
text: always in an empty room. No
dialog: audience but God.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: People still remember your
dialog: recording.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Then let that be my memorial.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Not enough for me.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: It’ll have to be.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That’s not enough. You owe me a
dialog: concert. If you disappear again
dialog: I'll find you.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Good luck with that.
dialog: p-82
dialog: *
text: Dovidl restarts the engine and backs out of the parking area. *
speaker_heading: 80A
speaker_heading: 80B
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: 81A
speaker_heading: 81B
speaker_heading: 81Cc
scene_heading: Yellow - SoN D9.3 (11/15/2018) p.83
text: ANGLE - The camper drives off.
scene_heading: INT. CROWN HEIGHTS HOUSE. NIGHT (S’86) 80A
text: We find Dovidl alone, sitting silent and motionless in a
text: darkened room in the middle of the night: the Gagliano in his
text: lap. Thinking. Remembering. Calculating his moral obligation
dialog: as once he calculated the number of Kit Kats in a fiver.
text: He walks off camera...
speaker_heading: DOVIDL’S VOICE
dialog: Martin Simmonds.
text: .»+-and comes back, the phone in his hand.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: I have two conditions...
scene_heading: INT. MANHATTAN HOTEL ROOM. NIGHT (S’86) 80B
text: Early hours of the morning and still dark. The shrill ringing
text: of the beside phone wakes Martin from sleep. Blindly he
text: stretches out his hand, pulls the receiver off its cradle and
text: presses it to his ear. He hears:
speaker_heading: DOVIDL'’S VOICE
dialog: (from phone)
dialog: I have two conditions...
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON ESTABLISHING SHOT. MORNING (A’86) 81
dialog: NOT Big Ben, NOT Westminster Bridge, NOT Tower Bridge!
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON HOTEL. MORNING (A’86) 81A
text: A black cab deposits Dovidl outside the hotel.
scene_heading: INT. LONDON HOTEL. MORNING (A’86) 81B
text: Dovidl registering at the desk.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Welcome to London, sir.
scene_heading: TITLE: “MONTHS LATER”
scene_heading: INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. NIGHT (A’86) 81c
text: Helen and Martin are dressing to go out to dinner.
scene_heading: Yellow - SoN D9.3 (11/15/2018) p-83A
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: How do you know he’1l be there?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He’s changed, Helen.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Nobody changes. Least of all him.
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.84
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He’s got his religion back.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: He’s the same selfish arsehole he
text: always was. In a black coat.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Can he still play?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He says so. That’s his risk.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: What’s he risking?
dialog: No reply from Martin.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: This is exactly what your father
dialog: did. You'll spend every penny we've
dialog: got, he won’t turn up, you’ll have
dialog: a stroke, you'll die, he won’t even
dialog: come to the funeral.
text: Again Martin declines to respond.
scene_heading: EXT. KOSHER RESTAURANT, LONDON. NIGHT (A’86) 82
speaker_heading: TO ESTABLISH
scene_heading: INT. KOSHER RESTAURANT. NIGHT (CONTINUOUS) (A’86) 83
text: CAMERA FINDS Martin and Helen at a table set for three,
text: eating breadsticks and drinking mineral water. Waiting. Helen
text: seems distinctly nervous, looking at her watch.
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: It’s now ten to eight.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: In artistic circles that isn’t even
dialog: late for lunch.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Has he told you the programme yet?
text: Martin shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: One of his conditions.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Probably show tunes. Rusty virtuoso
dialog: plays the best of Broadway.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.85
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: For that he wouldn’t need to
text: rehearse.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You've seen him rehearsing?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He won’t let me in the room.
dialog: That was his other condition. He
dialog: knows my father’s watching. He
dialog: thinks God’s watching.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Same old audience. Everyone he’s
dialog: let down before.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It gives him the illusion of
dialog: control-
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Newsflash, Martin. If the
dialog: illusion’s good enough only the
dialog: magician can tell it isn’t the real
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I can tell.
text: DOVIDL has entered. As always now, in ultra-orthodox dress.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Martin. Helen. You've aged well.
dialog: Under strict orthodox rules he may not touch a woman who is
text: not his wife, so there’s no kiss, no handshake. Helen’s look
text: is unwelcoming, guarded. She doesn’t answer. Dovidl smiles.
text: He seats himself, picks up the menu, starts to peruse it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That's it? After 35 years? Hello-
dialog: Helen-what’s-for-dinner?
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: He’s hungry. He’s been rehearsing
dialog: silence all day.
text: Dovidl smiles at her over the menu.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Everything okay? Hotel all right?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Adequate.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.86
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Dov, I know we agreed you select
dialog: the programme, but as the organizer
dialog: of this concert I need to confirm
dialog: some things.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Such as?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: That it won’t include “Doh a deer,
dialog: a female deer.”
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: That isn’t in the programme.
text: No response from Dovidl. Helen’s look to Martin says: “What
dialog: did I tell you?”
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Dovidl, if you make a fool of me
dialog: I‘1l kill you.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (to Dovidl)
dialog: Or I will. That’s not an idle
dialog: threat, by the way.
text: Dovidl smiles again. Taps the menu.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: None of this is kosher.
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: It’s a kosher restaurant.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: To them, not to me.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay, just tell me how long it’1l
dialog: be. The programme.
text: Dovidl sets down the menu, picks up the wine list.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: How long was the original?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That what you’re doing? The ‘51
dialog: programme? The Bruch and the
dialog: Partitas?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Isn't it what you wanted?
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.87
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (surprised but delighted)
dialog: Well, yes, but... No, no, that’s
dialog: great.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Does it matter? Look at him. He
dialog: isn’t going to be there. Are you,
dialog: David?
text: Now Dovidl produces from his pocket and unfolds the 1951
text: concert programme. Slides it across the table to Martin.
text: Helen cranes to see.
speaker_heading: INSERT 1951 PROGRAMME
scene_heading: BRUCH VIOLIN CONCERTO NO. 1 IN G MINOR
speaker_heading: INTERVAL
scene_heading: BACH: VIOLIN PARTITAS NUMBERS 1 AND 2
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: This is the ‘51 programme!
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: The wines aren’t kosher either.
scene_heading: EXT. CONCERT HALL, LONDON. DAY (A’86) 84
dialog: The same concert hall we saw in earlier scenes. Martin
text: approaching the building on foot.
scene_heading: INT. CONCERT HALL. DAY (A’86) 85
text: In the dark interior he finds the doors to the rehearsal room
text: closed, guarded by a SECURITY MAN. A notice on the door
scene_heading: reads: “REHEARSAL IN PROGRESS. STRICTLY NO ADMITTANCE”.
text: Recognising Martin from previous attempts, the security guy
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SECURITY MAN
dialog: Sorry, Mr Simmonds.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Can’t I just put my ear to the
dialog: door?
speaker_heading: SECURITY MAN
dialog: Won't help. It’s soundproof.
text: Martin puts his ear to the door. Shrugs. Nothing audible.
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.88
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Have you heard him playing?
speaker_heading: SECURITY MAN
dialog: Like I said, soundproof.
text: The door opens. Dovidl comes out carrying his violin case.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Still warm. Want to feel?
text: As he passes Martin-
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: Dov...
text: Dovidl turns.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You won’t let me down, will you?
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: No, Mottl. I won’t let you down.
scene_heading: EXT. CONCERT HALL. NIGHT (A’86) 86
text: Outside crowds swarm and jostle on the sidewalk, as they did
dialog: thirty-six years ago. History in the remaking. This concert,
text: too, according to the posted notices, is a sell-out.
scene_heading: INT. CONCERT HALL. NIGHT (A’86) 87
text: The hallways are so thronged they’re almost impassable as the
text: audience makes its way into the hall’s auditorium. As in
text: 1951, notables can be seen in the balcony, anticipating the
text: long-delayed debut of David Eli Rapoport.
scene_heading: ON MARTIN AND HELEN
text: waiting out the last minutes backstage. Martin, like his
text: father before him, is in a state of mounting anxiety verging
text: on panic. Helen seems almost to be relishing what is looking
text: increasingly like another Dovidl no-show.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I told him half-six.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: And I told you to put a guard on
dialog: him.
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: 88A
dialog: 89
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.89
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Virtuoso violinist handcuffed to
dialog: thug. Make a great cartoon.
scene_heading: INT. DOVIDL’S HOUSE, CROWN HEIGHTS. DAY (A’86) 88
dialog: BROCHE packing, among other things, Dovidl'’s Warsaw family
text: photograph into a suitcase; the three children of his new
text: family packing smaller suitcases of their own. Cardboard
text: boxes are strewn around the floor and on surfaces.
scene_heading: INT. DOVIDL’S LONDON HOTEL ROOM. NIGHT (A’1986) 88A
text: Here Dovidl’s suitcase is already packed and waiting. He’s
text: sitting at the desk, writing a letter...
scene_heading: INT. CONCERT HALL. NIGHT (CONTINUATION OF SC.87) (A’86) 89
speaker_heading: VARIOUS ANGLES:
text: THE AUDITORIUM - buzzing with expectation-
text: THE ORCHESTRA TUNING UP, not for the first time-
text: THE STAGE MANAGER - checking his watch against the hall clock-
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It’s the same fucking nightmare!
dialog: Where the hell is he?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: If I had to guess? Thirty thousand
text: feet over our heads. On his way to
dialog: join a Tibetan monastery.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I made him swear on the Torah.
text: Helen rolls her eyes, as if to say “What do Jews do instead
dialog: of crossing their fingers?”
text: MARTIN is wiping the sweat from his face with an already
text: sodden handkerchief, tears of frustration starting to gleam
dialog: in his eyes. How could he have been such a fool?
text: And then, like an apparition...
text: .+.-DOVIDL is there, in the wings with them.
text: Tonight he’s wearing a dark suit, a discreet skullcap on the
text: back of his head, Gagliano and bow in his hand. Comme il
dialog: faut.
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.90
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Did you think I wasn’t coming?
text: He doesn’t wait for a response but strides on to the stage to
text: clamorous applause. He bows to the audience.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Good evening. I’m sorry to be late.
dialog: I hope you didn’t mind waiting
dialog: thirty-five years.
text: Relieved audience laughter.
text: Dovidl nods to the conductor. The orchestra begins its
dialog: introduction...
text: ON MARTIN: with the programme in his hand, holding his
text: breath. Nightmare visions of disaster are crowding his brain -
text: visions of some popular tin-ear monstrosity being played for
dialog: ironical effect.
text: But then his eyes close, his breath is expelled with relief
text: as he hears the opening notes of the Bruch, as advertised.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Thank you, God.
scene_heading: INT. 1951 LONDON CONCERT HALL. NIGHT (A’51) 90
dialog: ON GILBERT after his cancellation announcement, shamed and
text: broken; a ruined man financially, professionally and
text: emotionally; the auditorium empty.
scene_heading: INT. 1986 CONCERT HALL. NIGHT (CONTINUATION OF SC.89)(A’86P1
speaker_heading: ON DOVIDL
text: playing the final notes of the Bruch. He has performed to a
dialog: high professional standard... yet there’s something missing
dialog: in his playing, and that something is feeling, the personal
dialog: engagement of the artist’s soul which distinguishes the very
dialog: good from the truly great.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (grudgingly)
dialog: He can still play. I’1l give him
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yeah, he was good.
text: Dovidl is bowing to the audience, leaving the stage to
text: appreciative but not overwhelming applause. The audience
text: begins to flow out in the direction of the lobby.
dialog: 92
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.91
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Good. It was good.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: It was crap.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Good crap, though.
text: Dovidl smiles.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL
dialog: Wait fifteen minutes.
text: He disappears to his dressing room.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Is it me, or isn’t he being just a
dialog: little too compliant?
text: Martin nods his agreement. A similar sense of foreboding has
text: gripped him too: a fear that Dovidl’s uncharacteristic
dialog: compliance so far may have been a magician’s misdirection,
text: presaging some outrageous act of rebellion still to come. And
text: since the concert’s second half is scheduled to be a solo
dialog: performance without orchestra, Dovidl will have all the
dialog: latitude he needs to go rogue.
text: ANGLE ON THE STAGE - being cleared of chairs and music
dialog: stands.
text: ANGLE ON BACKSTAGE CORRIDORS AND DRESSING ROOMS
text: The orchestra musicians leaving for the night, packing away
text: their instruments, putting on their coats...
scene_heading: INT. CONCERT HALL AUDITORIUM. NIGHT (A’86) 92
text: The second half of the concert is about to commence. The
text: audience has returned and is waiting expectantly, clearing
text: its collective throat. Unaccompanied solo performances are
dialog: the acid test: nobody to cover the violinist’s mistakes.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MARTIN AND HELEN
text: standing now at the back of the hall. All the tension we saw
text: in them before the concert has returned in the last fifteen
dialog: minutes.
text: Now Dovidl makes his second entrance. Wearing this time, to
text: the amusement of all, the long black coat and fedora of ultra-
dialog: orthodox uniform.
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.92
dialog: Something’s coming, and it isn’t Bach. We know what it is,
dialog: what it has to be. We’ve known it for some while.
text: As Dovidl waits for the embarrassed titters to die away we’ll
text: witness for the last time that now-familiar ritual: the long
text: upward sweep of the rosin, the long downward sweep, and
text: finally the blessing of his lips.
text: Setting his bow gently to the Gagliano - the gesture of a
text: lover - Dovidl opens with a single note so pure and mournful,
text: so protracted, so tender, that even in this initial stroking
dialog: of the instrument we realize that the first half of the
dialog: concert wasn’t misdirection at all, it was foreplay. This,
text: though they don’t know it yet, is what the audience came for.
text: Many of them are checking their programmes, puzzled, as is
dialog: Martin, not to be hearing Bach.
scene_heading: ON MARTIN AND HELEN
text: They exchange a look. Uh-oh.
dialog: And now, for the first time, we’ll hear David Eli Rapoport’s
dialog: solo violin version of The Song of Names, composed in 1952 in
text: London in fidelity to his vow: a complex, exquisitely
text: harmonized arrangement of the simple sung melody that changed
dialog: his life.
text: It should be at once unbearably soulful, immediately
dialog: memorable and technically stunning; a masterwork of nuance
text: and colour and shadow; a description in music of a People’s
text: suffering, delivered via the ear to the blood.
text: At first we’ll hear only the single voice of the Gagliano,
text: playing the original sung melody...
scene_heading: INT. WARSAW ASYLUM. DAY (S’53) 93
text: .--and then a second violin enters in harmony - playing a
text: variation on the melody - as we see DOVIDL (23) play The Song
text: of Names for JOZEF WECHSLER (32 here but looking fifty).
text: Outside the room Anna can be seen listening to Dovidl’s
dialog: playing.
scene_heading: EXT. TREBLINKA. DAY (S’53) 94
text: Yet another variation as the voice of a third violin joins
text: the other two while Dovidl “plays for the ashes” in the
text: barren field that covers his family’s bones.
text: IN SHOT, in the background, by the original railway tracks as
text: yet devoid of symbolic representation, Anna waits in her car
dialog: [not the Polski; probably a Trabant].
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.93
scene_heading: INT. YOUNG REBBE’S SYNAGOGUE (SYNAGOGUE). DAY (S’51) 95
text: Finally the trio of violins come together, now heard to choir
text: accompaniment as they merge into a single piece, in perfect
text: harmony with the sung melody in the Stoke Newington
dialog: synagogue.
text: Here we reprise the scene of Dovidl’s epiphany - the Young
text: Rebbe chanting the names to the same melody, the congregation
dialog: responding.
scene_heading: INT. CONCERT HALL. NIGHT (A’86) 96
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: CU DOVIDL
text: as he finishes playing The Song of Names in public for the
dialog: first and only time.
text: He draws out the final perfect melancholy note as long as
text: possible, before fading slowly to silence.
dialog: Then nothing.
text: THE AUDIENCE - stunned into a silence of their own.
dialog: MARTIN - moved beyond the capacity to move.
text: When, seconds later, the audience recovers itself, their
text: applause lifts the roof.
text: Dovidl bows low. Then leaves the stage. There will be no
dialog: encore. There will be no return.
dialog: The rest is coda.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM. NIGHT (A’86) 97
text: Martin has come with Helen to Dovidl’s dressing room, the
text: door of which stands ajar.
text: They step inside. Nobody here, no sign of occupancy. Just a
text: discarded suit over the back of a chair, on its seat the
text: cased Gagliano, and on the violin case-
text: AN ENVELOPE ADDRESSED TO MARTIN.
text: Glittering on the floor inside the threshold are THE
text: SHATTERED REMAINS OF A BLOCK OF ROSIN.
text: Helen's eyes go to the envelope, Martin’s to the scattering
text: of bright yellow shards.
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.94
speaker_heading: DOVIDL’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: My dearest Mottl, you’1ll remember
dialog: how I was forbidden to say Kaddish
dialog: for my family until their deaths
dialog: were confirmed and the anguish this
dialog: caused me. It saddened me more than
dialog: I can say to learn from you that my
dialog: disappearance had caused that same
dialog: anguish in your father. Above all
dialog: things I want you to be spared
dialog: it...
scene_heading: 98 INT. HOTEL LOBBY. NIGHT (A’86) 98
text: Martin has come to the hotel to confirm that Dovidl is no
text: longer there. The receptionist is confirming it, showing
text: Martin the duplicate of Dovidl’s check-out invoice.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: ...Two months ago, when you found
dialog: me, I told you I no longer lived a
dialog: life you would recognise. I no
dialog: longer thought of myself as an
dialog: individual, which an artist is
dialog: required to be. I chose instead to
dialog: submerge myself within a community
dialog: of faith...
scene_heading: 99 EXT. DOVIDL’S HOUSE, BROOKLYN. MORNING (A’86) 99
text: We'll recognise it from Sc. 67. A phone is ringing inside.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: ..-It’s a social organism we borrow
dialog: from nature: a body sharing a
dialog: common history, common values and a
dialog: common memory, to which the price
dialog: of admission is the surrender of
dialog: self...
scene_heading: 100 INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE, MARTIN’S HOME OFFICE. DAY (’86) 100
text: Martin is phoning from his home office. The single American
text: ring tone in his ears.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: ...It’s the most enduring of
text: families, impossible to extinguish.
dialog: We take care of one another in ways
dialog: that natural families cannot...
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.95
scene_heading: 101 INT. CROWN HEIGHTS HOUSE. MORNING (A’86) 101
text: The phone is on the floor, ringing out in an empty house.
text: Dovidl’s family has moved out.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH
text: Martin hanging up the phone.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL'’S VOICE
dialog: ..-What you did, Mottl, was return
dialog: to me my individuality. You thrust
dialog: it back into my hands like an
dialog: unwanted gift. I consider all debts
dialog: paid today. You have made me free
dialog: and for that I thank you. But from
dialog: the depths of my soul I must ask
dialog: you not to find me again. You must
dialog: think of me now as dead and act
dialog: accordingly...
scene_heading: 102 INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE, LIVING ROOM. NIGHT (A’86) 102
text: Martin is re-reading Dovidl’s letter, probably for the tenth
text: time; Helen is looking out of the window.
speaker_heading: DOVIDL’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: ...-May the Holy One bless you and
dialog: keep you and your family always in
dialog: His sight. Your affectionate
dialog: brother, Dovidl.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Let him go, Martin.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How am I supposed to think of him
dialog: as dead when I know he isn’t?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Trust the text. He’s given you
dialog: permission. Probably the only
dialog: selfless thing he’s ever done.
text: Martin shaking his head. Refusing to accept it.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: That prayer Jews say for the dead?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Kaddish.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Say that.
scene_heading: Blue - SoN D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.95A
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I can’t. I’m not Jewish, I’m not
text: his brother, and he isn’t dead.
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
scene_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018) p.96
text: A long silence follows. Helen has only one card left to play.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: That day he didn’t show up?
text: He turns to look at her. She remains staring out of the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: When you left him, after the
dialog: rehearsal? Nobody knew where he
dialog: went?
text: Martin makes no response but recalls it clearly.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I’m where he went.
speaker_heading: MARTIN’S REACTION
text: There isn’t one; at least nothing discernible. He never knew
text: of a romantic liaison between Helen and Dovidl; but neither
dialog: has he told Helen that he slept with Anna in Poland. This
text: revelation balances the scales. It assuages both his guilt
text: and hers and it’s enough to dispel the myth of Dovidl.
text: Helen reaches out and takes his hand.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You're a better man than he was,
dialog: Martin. You always were.
scene_heading: INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE. NIGHT (A’86) 103
text: Hours later, Helen is sleeping as Martin climbs out of bed.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (V.O.)
dialog: Yitgadal v’yitqadash sh’mai
dialog: rabah...
speaker_heading: WIDENING TO:
scene_heading: INT. SIMMONDS HOUSE, MARTIN’S HOME OFFICE. NIGHT (A’86) 104
text: CAMERA FINDS THE CASED GAGLIANO...
dialog: ...-PANS TO MARTIN
text: Wearing a dressing gown over his pyjamas, he has come here
text: from his bed in the small hours. From a copy of Brewer’s
text: Dictionary of Phrase and Fable he extracts a postcard-sized
text: card printed with transliterated characters of the mourner’s
dialog: Kaddish - the kind Reform synagogues issue to congregation
dialog: members who have no Hebrew.
speaker_heading: Blue - SON D9.1 (09/20/2018)
dialog: p-97
text: From it he reads aloud the ancient Aramaic prayer. His
text: reading, marked by mispronunciations and mistaken cadences,
text: is coloured by a spectrum of emotions: love, anger, above all
text: overwhelming sadness; his voice breaks as he assigns Dovidl
text: his desired place among the dead, laying him finally to rest.
text: [THOUGH WE WON’T HEAR ALL OF IT, THE FULL PRAYER READS:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yitgadal v'yitkadash sh'mei raba.
dialog: B'alma di v'ra chirutei,
dialog: v'yamlich malchutei, b'chayeichon
dialog: uv'yomeichon uv'chayei d'chol beit
dialog: Yisrael,baagala uviz'man kariv.
dialog: V'im'ru: Amen.
dialog: Y'hei sh'mei raba m'varach
dialog: l'alam ul'almei almaya.
dialog: Yitbarach v'yishtabach v'yitpaar
dialog: v'yitromam v'yitnasei,
dialog: v'yit'hadar v'yitaleh v'yit'halal
dialog: sh'mei d'kud'sha b'rich hu,
dialog: l'teila min kol birchata v'shirata,
dialog: tushb'chata v'nechemata,
dialog: daamiran b'alma. V'imru: Amen.
dialog: Y'hei sh'lama raba min sh'maya,
dialog: v'chayim aleinu v'al kol Yisrael.
dialog: V'imru: Amen.
dialog: Oseh shalom bimromav,
dialog: Hu yaaseh shalom aleinu,
dialog: v'al kol Yisrael. V'imru: Amen.
text: SLOW FADE TO BLACK
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Magnified and sanctified be God’s
dialog: great name throughout the world
dialog: that God created and governs by
dialog: divine will. May the Kingdom of
dialog: God be established during your
dialog: lifetime, and during your days,
dialog: and during the days of all the
dialog: house of Israel, yea speedily and
dialog: in the near future, and let us
dialog: say, Amen.
dialog: Exalted, glorified and honored be
dialog: the name of the blessed Holy One
dialog: whose glory is beyond all
dialog: blessings, hymns and praises that
dialog: people render, and let us say,
dialog: Amen.
dialog: May great peace emanate from
dialog: Heaven with good life for us and
dialog: for all Israel, and let us say,
dialog: Amen.
dialog: May the One who makes peace in the
dialog: heavens, make peace for us and for
dialog: all Israel, and let us say, Amen.]
text: On the sound track, initially overlapping Martin’s prayer,
dialog: then gradually displacing it, we’ll hear the fully
dialog: orchestrated version of The Song of Names, which will
dialog: continue to play until
speaker_heading: CREDITS END
dialog: 
