scene_heading: SAVE THE LAST DANCE
dialog: by
dialog: Duane G. Adler
dialog: revisions by
dialog: Toni-Ann Johnson
dialog: Current Revisions by
dialog: Cheryl Edwards (6/11/99)
scene_heading: REWRITE -- FIRST SET OF REVISIONS
dialog: Cort/Madden Company
dialog: Paramount Studios
speaker_heading: 5555 Melrose Avenue
dialog: Chevalier Building, Ste. 203
dialog: Los Angeles, California
speaker_heading: JUNE 11, 1999
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 EXT. PENNSYLVANIA COUNTRYSIDE - LONG SHOT - DAY 1
text: of an empty stretch of land parted down the middle by
text: railroad tracks. An Amtrak Commuter crests the horizon,
text: heads TOWARD us. As it gets CLOSER, we GO IN TIGHTER to
dialog: see --
scene_heading: 2 FACE OF SARA JOHNSON 2
text: 17, pressed at one of its windows.
scene_heading: 3 REVERSE ANGLE - REFLECTION IN TRAIN'S WINDOW - 3
speaker_heading: SARA'S FACE
text: distant and lovely and sad. SUPERIMPOSED against an
text: endless stream of sky and trees. The train speeds up and
text: SARA's face flies by, disappearing FROM FRAME.
scene_heading: 4 INT. AMTRAK TRAIN - MOVING - DUSK 4
text: A zaftig BLACK WOMAN clumsily negotiates the aisle.
text: Stops at the first of a few empty seats left in the car.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: This seat taken?
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON SARA
text: looking up, around. She shakes her head, clears her
text: backpack and magazines from the seat beside her. The
text: Woman drops down, settles in. A long silence. The Woman
text: glances at the American Ballet magazine on Sara's lap.
text: Tries to make conversation.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I love ballet. Never had the body
dialog: for it. Do you dance?
text: Sara folds her arms, turns away mumbling under breath.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Used to.
text: Sara gazes out the window. The world outside begins to
text: dissolve melting into images from another time, another
text: place. Her eyes stare blankly OUT AT us, blinded by her
dialog: memories.
dialog: 2.
scene_heading: 5 FLASHBACK - INT. AUDITORIUM - KINDERGARTEN RECITAL - DAY 5
text: A stage full of five-year-olds in tights and tutus. A
text: little girl performs center stage. She's remarkably
text: poised, remarkably good. CAMERA PANS TO the audience. A
text: woman in an Irish clover necklace springs to her feet
text: clapping loudly. The little girl's eyes catch the glint
text: of the necklace's gold. Mommy. She flashes a megawatt
text: smile, ends the dance with an unscripted bow, as we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 6 INT. BALLET CLASS - EVENING (FIVE YEARS LATER) 6
text: Young Sara, lithe and earnest, dances. A budding beauty
text: blessed with long limbs and natural grace, she makes it
text: look easy. Gliding past the envious stares of
text: classmates, she scans the hall for a glint of gold.
text: Finds it in the back of the room where her mother, Glynn,
text: stands watching her. Their eyes connect with mutual
dialog: smiles and those smiles CARRY us TO:
scene_heading: 7 INT. SARA'S EXETER HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 7
text: A pair of flexing feet in ballet slippers on a hardwood
text: floor. PAN UP and PULL BACK to reveal Sara at 17,
text: dancing in the space opened up by cornered furniture and
text: rolled up rugs. As Glynn looks on, Sara completes the
text: routine with a pirouette. She spins out of it with a
text: preoccupied frown on her face.
speaker_heading: GLYNN
dialog: What's the matter? It was good.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (checks her
dialog: stance in mirror)
dialog: Everybody there's going to be
dialog: good, Mom. I have to be better.
dialog: (then, beginning
dialog: again)
dialog: My knees still knock when I do my
dialog: free form. Did you notice that?
speaker_heading: GLYNN
dialog: I noticed that it was fine.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (escalating
dialog: frustration)
dialog: It's not supposed to be fine.
dialog: It's supposed to be special.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: 7 CONTINUED: 7
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: And it just lays there, it doesn't
dialog: do anything. I bet they notice
dialog: that. That it doesn't do
dialog: anything. That I don't do
dialog: anything special enough to get in.
speaker_heading: GLYNN
dialog: Sara. You'll get in.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Don't lie because you love me. My
dialog: free form sucks.
speaker_heading: GLYNN
dialog: (giving up that
dialog: battle)
dialog: I've got something for you. Come
text: on. Sit. Mouth closed, eyes
dialog: shut. No pouting. No peeking.
text: Sara flops down on the sofa beside her. Closes her eyes.
text: Glynn removes the clover chain from her neck, fastens it
text: around Sara's.
speaker_heading: GLYNN
dialog: For luck tomorrow. Not that
dialog: you'll need it. You dance like an
dialog: angel.
text: The necklace is Glynn's talisman. Sara knows what it
text: means to her. She throws her arms around Glynn, holds
text: onto her tightly.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I love the necklace but you're
dialog: still the best luck I'll ever
dialog: have.
text: Glynn, not one to choke up, chokes up. They cling to
dialog: each other.
scene_heading: 8 INT. AMTRAK TRAIN (MOVING) - ON SARA - DUSK (PRESENT) 8
text: In the blink of her eyes, the memory fades. She pulls
text: the window shade, shifts in her seat. Her fingers travel
text: to the clover necklace at her throat. Linger. The Woman
dialog: regards her.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Nice... the necklace.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: 8 CONTINUED: 8
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Oh. It's a good luck charm.
dialog: Doesn't always work.
text: The Woman's wearing a crucifix. She indicates it.
text: Smiles.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Mine either.
scene_heading: 9 FLASHBACK - INT./EXT. BUS/RURAL ROAD - MORNING 9
text: A sea of young white faces. A jock entertains the troops
text: with two straws up his nose. Sara sits next to her best
text: friend, LINDSAY, 17. Lindsay, chomping on a wad of gum,
text: turns from the jock to Sara with a bubble in bloom,
text: bursts it with her teeth.
speaker_heading: LINDSAY
dialog: Wanna pray? You're leaving for
dialog: Philly after first period. I
dialog: won't see you. We should pray.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (stupefied)
dialog: Lindsay... no. Not here.
text: Lindsay grabs Sara's hand and bows her head. Sara,
text: embarrassed, aligns her head with Lindsay's. She's
text: praying nobody sees them.
speaker_heading: LINDSAY
dialog: 'Awesome, Father, S.J. auditions
dialog: today. She's ready for them.
dialog: Please make them ready for her.
dialog: Even if she screws up. Thanks.
dialog: Amen.'
dialog: (sure shrug; another
dialog: bubble)
dialog: God's gotten me outta all kinds of
dialog: shit. He oughta be able to get
dialog: you into Juilliard.
scene_heading: 10 EXT. EXETER SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL - LATER THAT MORNING 10
text: Sara exits with a bouquet of roses, takes the steps two
text: and three at a time. Glynn's waiting in a flower van at
dialog: the curb.
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: 11 INT./EXT. FLOWER VAN (DRIVING)/RESIDENTIAL STREETS 11
text: Sara and Glynn. The back of the van is filled with
text: flower arrangements. Glynn takes note of the roses in
text: Sara's hand.
speaker_heading: GLYNN
dialog: Where'd you get those, traitor?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Ellison -- Mr. Ellison. He
dialog: actually told me to break a leg.
speaker_heading: GLYNN
dialog: Roses from the principal, even
text: droopy, out-of-season yellow ones,
dialog: is beyond cool, kiddo. You're
dialog: definitely movin' up in the world.
text: Sara looks through the windshield. It's starting to
text: drizzle.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Know what would be great? If you
dialog: didn't drop me off at the bus
dialog: station. If we just kept going
dialog: until we get to Philly.
speaker_heading: GLYNN
dialog: Ruin everyone's Valentine's Day
dialog: and not have a shop when I get
dialog: back. That's your definition of
dialog: great? I can see the headline
dialog: now: 'Starving Artist Kills Unfit
dialog: Mother.'
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Sweetheart, we talked about this.
dialog: I'll get there as soon as I can.
text: Sara looks at her and Glynn instantly feels guilty.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Right. This is the hardest, most
dialog: important day of my life and all
dialog: you can do is get there as soon as
dialog: you can. Thanks, Mom.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. GREYHOUND BUS STATION (READING, PA) - 12
speaker_heading: CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Glynn pulls the van into the parking lot. Smiles at
text: Sara. Sara doesn't smile back. She's too angry. Too
dialog: scared.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: 12 CONTINUED: 12
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: So I guess I'll see you later.
speaker_heading: GLYNN
dialog: I won't miss your audition, Sara.
dialog: I'll be there, okay? If I have to
dialog: swim the Susquehanna, I'll be
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Swim? You can't swim, Mom.
speaker_heading: GLYNN
dialog: I'll float then.
text: A moment. They look at each other. Sara finally smiles.
text: They embrace and she hops out the van. Glynn calls after
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: GLYNN
dialog: Hey... Happy Valentine's Day.
scene_heading: 13 INT. AMTRAK TRAIN (MOVING) - ON SARA - NIGHT (PRESENT) 13
text: Feigning sleep. From the corner of her eye, she watches
text: the Woman beside her flip through the American Ballet
text: Magazine. We move back in time through their pages.
scene_heading: 14 FLASHBACK - INT. UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA - WAITING 14
speaker_heading: ROOM - DAY
text: Sara, in costume, flips through a magazine. She taps her
text: toes, checks her watch. A phalanx of parents and dancers
text: are clustered around a sign posted on the door:
text: JUILLIARD SCHOOL OF DANCE AUDITIONS. Sara stares at it.
text: Re-checks her watch. An official with a clipboard walks
text: toward her. Where's her mother?
scene_heading: 15 INT. UNIV. OF PENNSYLVANIA - STAGE/AUDITORIUM - 15
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Sara on stage. She looks past a row of Juilliard JUDGES
text: into the audience. No glint of gold. MOZART'S "Elvira
text: Madigan" (Andante) CUES UP. Sara begins her technical.
text: She transforms her nervousness into a notable, powerful
text: performance. The Judges are mutely but clearly
text: impressed. One of them looks directly at her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Is there anything you'd like to
dialog: share about your free form before
dialog: you begin? A motif... a theme?
text: Sara's stomach drops to her feet. Her mother's not there
text: and her free form sucks and she doesn't have a theme.
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Well, it's um, pretty self-
dialog: explanatory. The theme.
text: The Judges exchange a look. New MUSIC CUES UP. Some
text: driving, CLASSICAL NUMBER. Sara tries to elevate her
text: body above the music, but she's nervous, unsure on her
text: feet. She keeps glancing in the back of the auditorium
text: for Glynn. Searching for her port in the storm.
text: Wondering where her mother is and knowing how badly she's
text: dancing. Knowing but somehow continuing, stumbling,
dialog: recovering, and finally finishing with those damned
text: knocking knees. The Judges, eyes like stones,
text: perfunctorily nod. Their equivalent of maybe next year.
text: Sara chokes two words out...
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: 16 INT. AUDITORIUM - BACKSTAGE
text: ... Rushes backstage. Fighting tears, she hurries past
text: waiting dancers angrily unhooking the clover leaf chain
text: from her neck.
scene_heading: 17 INT. DRESSING ROOM - DAY 17
text: Sara in street clothes. Cramming her ballet gear into a
dialog: duffle bag when the official (of the clipboard)
text: approaches her. She touches Sara's shoulder gently.
dialog: Says something we do not hear.
scene_heading: 18 INT. OFFICE (UNIV. OF PA) - CONTINUOUS ACTION 18
text: SHOOTING THROUGH office window. A state trooper in a
text: rain slicker offers Sara a chair. She sits. The trooper
text: talks. As he does, dread and disbelief spread over
text: Sara's face. She shakes her head, attempts to stand.
text: Her legs buckle beneath her. The trooper and the
text: official catch her as she falls.
dialog: 8.
scene_heading: 19 EXT. AMTRAK TRAIN - NIGHT (PRESENT) 19
text: A glowing moon in a clear, star-specked sky.
speaker_heading: 20 TRAIN 20
text: CHUGS toward Baltimore's Penn Station, which is visible
dialog: in the f.g.
scene_heading: 21 EXT. PENNSYLVANIA TURNPIKE - INTERCUT - MORNING 21
text: A torrential rain. A flower van -- Glynn's van -- caught
text: in it. SHOOTING THROUGH the driver's side window, we can
text: see Glynn's face, intense and determined, squinting
text: through the downpour.
scene_heading: 22 TRAIN'S WHEELS 22
speaker_heading: GRINDING.
speaker_heading: 23 VAN'S WHEELS 23
text: Hydro-planing, slip-sliding.
speaker_heading: 24 TRAIN 24
text: It's SQUEAL OF BRAKES as it maneuvers into the station.
speaker_heading: 25 VAN 25
text: The SQUEAL of its BRAKES as Glynn loses control and
text: smashes into the back of the eighteen wheeler in front of
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: 26 TRAIN 26
text: across space and time, the SOUND OF SQUEALING BRAKES
text: commingle as the Amtrak Commuter pulls into Penn Station.
scene_heading: 27 INT. AMTRAK TRAIN - NIGHT 27
text: Sara. Holding her breath, clenching her fists. Waiting
text: for the sound to stop, oblivious to the stare of the
text: Woman beside her.
dialog: 9.
scene_heading: 28 EXT. PENN STATION (BALTIMORE) - PLATFORM - NIGHT 28
text: ROY JOHNSON, 37, a handsome, laconic man of uncertain
text: style, takes a last drag from his cigarette, drops and
text: stomps it. Passengers disembark from the train. Roy
text: searches their faces. They all look like strangers.
scene_heading: 29 EXT. AMTRAK TRAIN - SAME TIME 29
text: A conductor helps Sara to the platform. Steam from the
text: train's engine is sucked into the fog. She walks through
text: it. Sees him. They see each other. Roy weakly waves.
text: Walks toward her. Sara watches his bow legs stiffly
dialog: advance. She wants to run. Can't.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Have a good ride?
text: Sara self-consciously tucks her hair behind an ear.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: Slept through most of it.
text: A beat. Roy looks at her.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Guess you got stuff. Baggage.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: Two suitcases. One big one.
speaker_heading: ROY
text: Looks like they're unloading.
dialog: -- You hungry? We can stop
dialog: somewhere if you want.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'm kinda tired.
text: Roy takes her backpack. They walk.
scene_heading: 30 INT./EXT. ROY'S PICKUP/STREET - SARA AND ROY - NIGHT 30
text: A heavy silence. Roy starts to turn on the radio, stops
text: himself. He lights a cigarette, cracks the window.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: I didn't like leavin' you so soon
dialog: after the funeral. I wouldn't
dialog: have if you hadn't asked me to go.
dialog: I mean, I could've hung around.
dialog: Helped you say good-bye. That's
dialog: what you were doin', wasn't it?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: Roy takes another drag, nods thoughtfully to himself.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: That's what I figured you were
dialog: doin'.
text: Sara peers out the windshield. Baltimore City. The
text: neighborhoods are changing. The streets are getting
text: progressively gritty and dirty. It surprises her. It
text: worries her. Roy worries her.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Look. Sara. I feel bad too. I
dialog: mean, we both got hit by the same
dialog: bolt of lightning. You don't have
dialog: to pretend this is easy.
dialog: (off nothing)
dialog: Everything's upside down right now
dialog: but don't worry. We'll work this
dialog: bachelor-father thing out. Hell,
dialog: it ain't like we're movin' in with
dialog: strangers. We got a pretty good
dialog: idea about each other, right?
text: Sara looks askance at him, her expression indicating
text: otherwise. A moment. Roy's too new at this to hold up
text: both ends of the conversation. The silence deepens. Roy
text: switches on the radio.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. BOND STREET (SOUTH BALTIMORE) - NIGHT 31
text: Roy's truck pulls up to a string of disrepaired rowhouses
text: with pristine white marble steps. He and Sara each lug a
text: suitcase from the truck. Her eyes wander up and down the
text: street. They're on the fringes of a ghetto. A few
text: people roost on their stoops, hang on the corners. All
text: of them have black faces.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Thought you were moving to Fells
dialog: Point.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Fell through.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: 32 INT. ROY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 32
text: The second floor of a two-story house has been turned
text: into a one-bedroom studio. A partition separates the
text: living area from the bedroom. Sara walks past a
text: collection of saxophones and several framed pictures of
text: herself. Aside from the saxophones and the pictures,
text: there's hardly any furniture. Roy lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Not much of what you're used to.
dialog: But the water's hot and the fridge
dialog: is full. And I made room in the
dialog: closets for you. Girl's gotta
dialog: have closets, right? You even get
dialog: your own bed. I'll crash on the
dialog: couch.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You bought a bed?
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: (slight bow)
dialog: Pardon me. Your own futon. Check
text: it out. On the other side.
text: Suitcase in hand, Sara walks around the partition. Her
text: "room" is an old futon, an ancient set of drawers. She
text: stands in the middle of nothing, wanting something to do.
text: She removes framed photos of Glynn from her backpack,
text: places them around the room.
scene_heading: 33 INT. ROY'S APARTMENT - LIVING AREA - MINUTES LATER 33
text: Sara walks in. Doesn't see Roy. Calls out.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Do you have a phone?
text: Roy emerges from the bathroom drying his hands, walks
text: past her.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Of course I have a phone.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You didn't at the last place. The
dialog: last place I saw anyway.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Things change. You've changed.
dialog: You grew up on me. Overnight.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Over the summer. You blew me off
dialog: for some gig on the road,
dialog: remember?
dialog: (before he can
dialog: respond)
dialog: Can I call Lindsay? Let her know
dialog: I got here alright.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Are you alright, Sara?
dialog: (off the scowl
dialog: in her eyes)
dialog: I just wanna know how you feel.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I feel fine. I feel like calling
dialog: Lindsay.
text: She's a wall. A brick wall. Roy's head aches from
text: knocking into it. He goes to the couch. Drops down.
text: Mutters at her.
speaker_heading: ROY
text: Phone's in the kitchen. Knock
dialog: yourself out.
scene_heading: 34 INT. SARA'S ROOM/BATHROOM - LATE THAT NIGHT 34
text: Sara lying in bed... wide awake... her stiff upper lip
text: quivering. She slips out of bed, creeps on tiptoes into
text: the bathroom. Closes the door oh-so-quietly behind her.
text: She flips on the light, crosses to the sink, turns on
text: both faucets. As the water flows and the PIPES RATTLE,
text: the brick wall shatters. Sara crumbles to the floor.
text: Buries her head in her arms. Cries like a baby.
scene_heading: 35 INT./EXT. ROY'S PICKUP (SOUTH BALTIMORE) - 35
scene_heading: NEXT MORNING
text: Roy and Sara. Barreling through the south end, tongues
text: stuck in gear. A Pop-Tart grows cold on Sara's lap.
dialog: Then, finally.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I can take the school bus.
dialog: Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: School bus? That's the other Oz,
dialog: Dorothy. Patterson kids ride the
dialog: city Metro. Or walk.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED: 35
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Well, I know how to do both.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Not around here you don't. Not
dialog: until you get the hang of things.
text: Sara looks out the window at a full-fledged ghetto. It's
text: all to obvious, the hang of things. Roy glances over at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: I called about your transcripts.
dialog: You're all set. Patterson's got a
dialog: pretty good Humanities program.
dialog: No ballet, but we can find a
dialog: studio someplace close for after
dialog: school --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- I don't think I'll have time.
dialog: I have to study, I'll be busy.
text: Roy can hear the lie behind her words. The pain too. He
text: lights a cigarette, cracks the window. He wants to say
dialog: the right thing.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Good idea. Take a break. Not too
dialog: long a break though. You're a
dialog: dancer. You should dance. Stay
dialog: on top of your art.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Like you stay on top of yours?
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Maybe I ain't playin' no grand
dialog: ballrooms or fancy jazz festivals,
dialog: but I'm playing.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (unconvincingly)
dialog: I didn't mean it like that.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: S'alright. Hell, I wish I had
dialog: half the time I wasted gettin'
dialog: wasted. But those days are over.
dialog: You'll see. I got my life on
dialog: track.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. PATTERSON HIGH SCHOOL (SOUTH BALTIMORE) - MORNING 36
text: Formidably large and surprisingly well-kept, Patterson
text: serves the nearby, predominantly black O'Donnell Heights
text: Projects. Kids malinger outside on the front steps and
dialog: lawn.
scene_heading: 37 FROM ANOTHER ANGLE - PARKING LOT 37
text: Roy's pickup pulls in. Roy CUTS the ENGINE. Sara looks
text: at him. Or through him. She won't let his eyes connect.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You don't have to go in with me.
dialog: Since I'm all set. I mean, I have
dialog: done this before. Gone to school.
dialog: I'll be fine. I am fine. Really.
text: Roy regards her with weary resignation. Sara climbs out.
text: He calls after her.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: -- Pick you up. Three-thirty.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (over a shoulder)
dialog: Yeah. Sure. Whatever.
scene_heading: 38 EXT./INT. PATTERSON HIGH - MORNING 38
text: Sara moving TOWARD us PAST a floating mosaic of black
text: faces. This is a near out-of-body experience for her.
text: She walks like a well-rehearsed soldier in a stiff
text: straight line to the school's entrance. It's clogged
text: with students. Inside the doorway, two security guards
text: flank a metal detector. When it's Sara's turn to pass
text: through, one of the guards grabs her backpack and
text: wordlessly begins searching it. He hands it back to her
text: on the other side of the detector where Sara stands
text: obtusely and mutely amazed.
scene_heading: 39 INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - MORNING 39
text: THROUGH a window, Sara seated across from an
text: ADMINISTRATOR. We PUSH IN.
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: ... It's no fun being uprooted in
dialog: the middle of your senior year.
dialog: We realize that and we'll do what
dialog: we can to help with the
dialog: transition.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: 39
text: There's a KNOCK at door. MRS. GWYNN, the Guidance
text: Counselor, steps in. The Administrator introduces her to
text: Sara. Sara regards Mrs. Gwynn with polite petulance.
speaker_heading: MRS. GWYNN
dialog: Any questions? Concerns?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: About school? No. Not really.
speaker_heading: MRS. GWYNN
dialog: Not even about Baltimore?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'm not gonna be here that long.
dialog: Besides, it's just a city, right?
text: Mrs. Gwynn looks at her squarely. But the brick wall
text: doesn't move an inch. Sara feels too safe behind it.
scene_heading: 40 INT. HALLWAY - MORNING 40
text: Clutching new textbooks, Sara starts down the hallway.
text: She's hoping nothing in her face reveals the rising panic
text: in her heart. She's surrounded. Alone. Every inch of
text: her feels afraid.
speaker_heading: SARA'S POV
text: as she MOVES FORWARD. A crush of KIDS -- mostly black
text: with a sprinkling of white and Latino faces thrown in.
dialog: Kids like her. Only they don't dress like her. They
dialog: dress like commercials for Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin
dialog: Klein. And they definitely don't sound like her...
speaker_heading: TEENAGER #1
dialog: Yo, man, check it, the
dialog: muthafuckers wasn't playin', they
dialog: was jackin'. Ten rides in five
dialog: days. For real.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER #2
dialog: Fools got caught for real too.
dialog: Ten years in five days. Stall
dialog: that shit!
text: Sara walks on, taking this netherworld in, eavesdropping
dialog: on other conversations. It's not just the words. It's
dialog: how they say them: Loud. Matter-of-fact. Cool. A
text: cooler cool. Like they breathe static electricity.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: 40
text: That's it! The entire student body is energized. Sara's
text: thoughts are jolted by two black girls squeezing by. One
text: clips Sara's elbow as she passes, knocking it against a
text: locker. They keep going as if they don't see her. No
text: one seems to see her. Welcome to mass avoidance at
dialog: Patterson High.
scene_heading: 41 AT SARA'S LOCKER - LATER 41
text: Sara's back is to a black girl striding purposefully
text: toward her. CHENILLE -- tall, pretty, with about a
text: million braids in her hair -- swoops Sara's backpack from
text: the floor. Thrusts it at her.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: That's how easy it is to give to
dialog: charity around here. Don't put
dialog: your shit on the floor.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (cautions a smile)
dialog: Thanks.
text: She closes her locker, starts to say something else.
text: She's eager to make a friend. One friend. But
text: Chenille's gone.
scene_heading: 42 ANOTHER CORRIDOR 42
text: Sara memorizes the schedule of classes in her hand. She
text: passes a clutch of students who surround a kid in the
text: middle like a horseshoe. Sara gets a fleeting glimpse of
dialog: him.
scene_heading: SARA'S POV - PATRICK REYNOLDS
text: Eye candy: Tall. Dark. Heartbreakingly handsome. If
dialog: Patterson were a monarchy, Patrick would be king. He
text: sure holds court like one, turning on his dazzling smile
dialog: and abundant charm for the crowd. One gets the sense
text: that the All-American Home Boy is almost as enraptured
text: with himself as the sycophants around him.
scene_heading: 43 INT. JURASINSKI'S CLASSROOM - MORNING 43
dialog: The room's seen better days. Probably better teachers
text: too. MR. JURASINSKI looks out at his American Literature
text: class and sees nothing but tenure.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: 43 CONTINUED: 43
speaker_heading: JURASINSKI
dialog: In Cold Blood represents a turning
dialog: point in our country's literature.
dialog: Take the cap off and tell me why
dialog: that is, Mr. Ricard.
scene_heading: WIDER to include the class. FAVOR "SNOOKIE" RICARD. We
text: recognize him from the hallway kids wrapped up in
text: Patrick. Snookie, a flagrant Patrick wannabe, sits next
text: to him now. He removes his baseball cap. Thoughtfully
text: twirls it on a finger. He truly believes he's being
dialog: profound.
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: Gay rights. That Compote dude who
dialog: wrote it? Sweet tooth. Straight-
dialog: up fag, Mr. J.
speaker_heading: JURASINSKI
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Ricard. Your
dialog: genius grant is in the mail.
dialog: Anyone else?
text: No volunteers. Jurasinski looks for someone to put on
text: the spot. Sees the new girl in a back corner. Johnson.
text: He gets into her line of sight. The class shifts in
text: their seats, peeping her.
speaker_heading: JURASINSKI
dialog: Ms... Johnson. You can catch up
dialog: later. If this is over your head.
text: Everyone looks at her. The way kids look at new kids.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It's a non-fiction novel. The
dialog: first of its kind. Capote mixed
dialog: true events with things he
dialog: couldn't know, so he made them up.
text: A small murmur goes up. Over this, the voice of a
dialog: dissenter.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (O.S.)
dialog: White folks back then felt safe.
dialog: Capote scared 'em. He took hard
dialog: core crime out the ghetto and
dialog: dropped it in America's back yard.
dialog: That's what makes the book
dialog: special.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: 43 CONTINUED: 43
text: Sara cranes to see him. God. It's pretty-boy. He's
text: sitting on the other side of the classroom. Looking...
text: pretty. Looking at her. He has nice eyes. Not that she
dialog: noticed.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yeah. That is part of it.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: That's all of it. Capote wasn't
dialog: first. Richard Wright and James
dialog: Baldwin did the same thing.
dialog: Wasn't nobody tryin' to read them
dialog: though.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Lots of people read them.
text: A defensive save. Patrick sees right through it.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Lots of people like who? You?
dialog: Hello. Didn't think so.
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: Mr. J.! Girl needs to bone up.
dialog: Give her a pass to the lib'ary.
text: The room erupts in laughter.
speaker_heading: ON SARA
text: flushed in the face. Embarrassed. Pissed.
text: ANGLE WIDENS as Jurasinski quiets the class. Then.
speaker_heading: JURASINSKI
dialog: She can have your pass, Mr.
dialog: Ricard. Since you obviously never
dialog: use it.
scene_heading: 44 INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE OF CAFETERIA - NOON 44
text: Lunchtime. PICK UP Sara among a cattle drive of
text: boisterous students.
scene_heading: 45 CAFETERIA - FOOD LINE - LATER 45
text: Hundreds of voices unleashed in pure, unadulterated
text: teenage cacophony. Sara's in a queue of kids, working
text: her way down the line.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: 45 CONTINUED: 45
text: She's as invisible and anonymous as ever. CAMERA TRACKS
text: her FROM the line, TO the cashier, INTO the heart of the
text: dining hall. She stands with a food tray, looking for a
dialog: place to sit.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: Table cliques of the cafeteria.
text: SERIES OF SWEEPING SHOTS
speaker_heading: 46 JOCK TABLE 46
text: Two tables pushed together. Full.
speaker_heading: 47 NERD TABLE 47
text: Barely, pathetically populated but surprisingly diverse.
scene_heading: 48 HIP-HOP TABLE 48
text: Loud, overflowing, fun. King Patrick and his loyal
dialog: subjects horse around.
scene_heading: 49 POPULAR TABLE 49
dialog: Over which a glacial beauty we will come to know as NIKKI
text: DAVIS presides. Girls only.
speaker_heading: 50 WHITE TABLE
dialog: Notable for its glaring absence of color. A girl we will
text: come to know as TONI sits there.
text: And then PUSHING IN ON --
scene_heading: 51 CHENILLE'S TABLE 51
text: She's there with a group of girls who eschew pretense.
text: They, like Chenille, are rugged and regular. They know
dialog: who they are.
text: END OF SERIES OF SWEEPING SHOTS.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: 52 ANGLE ON SARA 52
text: eyeing Chenille's table. Screwing up courage as she
text: approaches it. She gets there but two black girls are
text: faster. They sit down in the only empty seats. Sara
text: backs off, invisible again.
speaker_heading: ON CHENILLE
text: glimpsing Sara from the corner of her eye as Sara walks
dialog: away.
scene_heading: 53 AT NERDS' TABLE - LATER 53
text: Time has passed. The cafeteria is half as full, half as
text: noisy. Sara sits among the NERDS, a friendly if verbose
text: group. She's trying to eat but a snooze button is
dialog: talking her to death...
speaker_heading: WONK
dialog: ... I know you're new to the
dialog: table, but think about it. We're
dialog: the Y2K generation and nobody
dialog: takes us seriously. We don't take
dialog: ourselves seriously. Just look
text: around. Half the student body is
dialog: D.O.A. -- and that's from the neck
dialog: up, Clara.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Sara. It's Sara.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah. It's Sara. And you're
text: boring her from the ears down.
text: Sara looks up, surprised to see Chenille standing there.
text: She flashes a knowing smile at her, indicates Sara's
dialog: tray.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: You finished?
text: Sara leaps up with a quick, grateful nod. Beats a hasty
text: retreat from the table. As she and Chenille walk through
text: the cafeteria, Sara shudders with relief. She feels
dialog: rescued.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: God! Thank you!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Gotta watch where you sit, girl.
dialog: And it's Chenille. But you're
dialog: still welcome. Let's catch some
text: air before the bell rings.
scene_heading: 54 EXT. QUAD - MOMENTS LATER 54
text: Sara follows Chenille into the "QUAD," four squared off
text: sections outside the cafeteria. There are a few dry-
text: rotted picnic tables scattered around. Other kids -- and
text: they run the gamut -- are seen in clots, sneaking
text: smokes... horsing around... making out.
scene_heading: SARA'S POV - KIDS OF QUAD
text: And OVER the sound of HIP-HOP MUSIC, a pair of feet.
text: Moving. Dancing. CAMERA PANS UP to reveal Nikki. She's
text: demonstrating some moves to the girls from the popular
text: table. Nikki's dancing her ass off, showing off.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What's it called? What she's
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: A dance.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (a look; knows that)
dialog: No, I mean... the step, the...
text: She trails off as she catches someone in the corner of
text: her eye. She turns away from Chenille, gradually
dialog: focusing on --
speaker_heading: PATRICK
text: playing cards with Snookie at one of the picnic tables.
text: He glances up to see Sara. Glowering at him. He grins.
text: Sara rolls her eyes, turns away. Mutters loudly to
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Asshole.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
text: Asshole beaucoup. In this crowd,
dialog: you gotta be more specific.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (covertly indicates
dialog: Patrick)
dialog: He's in one of my classes. Thinks
dialog: he's so... smart. So cute.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: I don't know about cute but he is
dialog: smart. Real smart. Real trip,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: So you know him?
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Patrick Reynolds? Hell yeah, I
dialog: know him. He's my brother.
text: Chenille waits for Sara to swallow her tongue. Enjoys a
dialog: laugh.
text: ANGLE SHIFTS TO PATRICK
text: as Nikki approaches him. Sexy, standoffish and
dialog: conceited, she's the stuff of wet dreams and futile
text: longing. She sits down next to Patrick. Close to him.
text: Snookie watches her, much amused.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: You comin' tonight?
text: Patrick keeps playing his hand. Responds very coolly.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Gotta work.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: You already skipped three
dialog: meetings.
dialog: (as he's ignoring
dialog: her)
dialog: Is it because of me? Everybody on
dialog: the committee thinks it's because
dialog: of me. Us.
dialog: (infuriated by his
dialog: silence)
dialog: Look, Patrick. Regardless.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: NIKKI (CONT'D)
dialog: You're in charge of the music.
dialog: I'm in charge of the prom. So
dialog: show up. Don't make me fire your
dialog: ass.
text: Fighting words. Snookie holds his breath. Patrick
text: throws out a card, turns slowly to Nikki with a withering
text: stare in his eyes.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You already fired my ass, Nikki.
dialog: Once and done. Over. Out. 'Bye.
text: She stalks off. Snookie oogles her departure, peers at
text: Patrick, about to say something. Patrick cuts him off,
dialog: indicates cards.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Hit me and shut the hell up.
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: I'ma shut up... after I say it
dialog: been real frigid 'round here since
dialog: y'all broke up. 'Specially since
dialog: she broke up with you. That was
dialog: harsh, way she canceled your ass
dialog: like a stamp for that Howard U
dialog: dude. But their shit's over. Now
dialog: might be the time to forget
dialog: mistakes that was made. Shoot.
dialog: You been with the girl since ninth
dialog: grade.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Why you sweatin' me, Snookie?
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: (pounding his heart)
dialog: 'Cause I'm about you, man. I want
dialog: a happy ending. Aww, shit. Tuck
dialog: an' duck. Here he comes. The
text: hood of the 'hood, up to no good.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: MALAKAI RHINEHART, 17, heading toward them. Powerfully
text: built and edgy with insolence, Malakai is like a tightly-
dialog: wound coil -- you never know when he's going to snap.
text: ANGLE WIDENS and we see Patrick is happy to see him. He
text: and Malakai grin at each other. Knock handshakes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Medicine man...
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: (interjecting himself)
dialog: Did I tell you, Malakai, man, how
dialog: chill it is to have you back?
dialog: We ain't been bad without cha.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Shut the fuck up and step your
dialog: lame ass off, Snookie. You heard
dialog: me. Space.
text: Snookie haughtily, comedically obliges. A moment.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: What happened to you at lunch,
dialog: man?
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Business.
text: Short-hand. Patrick understands it, nods. Malakai slips
text: the cigarette from behind his ear, openly lights and
text: starts smoking it. CAMERA TRACKS them walking back
dialog: toward Patterson.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: So you're hangin' in, man?
dialog: Feelin' strong about being back?
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Not at this motherfucker. Out a
dialog: week and where am I? Fucking home
text: sweet high school. Jail away from
dialog: jail. You can have it.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You gonna stay though. Right?
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Judge says it's school or JuVee
dialog: and I sure as hell ain't goin'
dialog: back there. Shit. I never knew a
dialog: year could be such a long time.
text: A flash of commiseration, of guilt, crosses Patrick's
text: face. They're at the doors now. Most of the kids have
text: gone. Malakai puts his cigarette out on the floor as
text: they step in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You up for some hoops after
dialog: school? Break your free-throw
dialog: back in. Chump the chumps like we
dialog: used to.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Up for it? Hell-the-fuck yeah,
dialog: man. Let's do it.
scene_heading: 55 EXT. PATTERSON HIGH - THAT DAY (AFTER SCHOOL) 55
text: Sara exits with Chenille. A CAR HORN starts to blare.
text: Both of them ignore it. But it goes on like a musical
text: number. Sara gets a sinking feeling that drops like a
text: stone when she looks across the street. Roy's parked at
text: the curb, waiting for her. She rolls her eyes and he
text: HONKS AGAIN. Then he waves at her. Waves! Chenille
text: looks at Sara. Then at Roy.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: That's your old man? Now he's
dialog: cute.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: He's embarrassing.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Yeah. He is. For you.
scene_heading: 56 INT./EXT. ROY'S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS ACTION 56
text: Sara climbs in, slams the door. Roy looks over at her,
text: unaware of how annoyed she is with him. She's a clenched
text: fist inside.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: How'd it go?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Fine.
dialog: (as he pulls off)
dialog: Tomorrow I catch the bus.
scene_heading: 57 INT. ROY'S APARTMENT - SARA'S "ROOM" - NIGHT 57
text: Sara's moving the partition around, trying to make her
text: room more like a room. Trying to build another wall
text: between her and Roy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: ROY (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Sara. C'mere a minute.
text: Sara lets out a heavy sigh. What does he want?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ROY (O.S.)
dialog: Just come here.
text: She walks into the kitchen. Roy's in front of the open
text: freezer door. Grinning from ear to ear. He motions her
text: over. Sara crosses to the freezer. Looks inside.
scene_heading: INSERT - INSIDE FREEZER
text: It's full of frozen dinners. They're in unruly, lopsided
dialog: stacks.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Roy regards her expectantly.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Hungry and Healthys. I asked at
dialog: the market. They're the best.
dialog: So. What do you feel like?
dialog: (whimsically)
dialog: Lamb Chop Suey? Tropical Tuna?
dialog: Primavera Paradise?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I had a big lunch.
text: Roy, deflated, closes the freezer door, trails her into
text: the living area. Sara's clenching again. There's no
text: escaping him.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: What do you wanna do? You wanna
dialog: hang out with me? Go to my gig.
dialog: You can if you want.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It's a school night, Roy.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Right. School night. Got it.
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: 58 INT. ROY'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - SARA - LATER 58
text: Roy's gone. Sara takes her first good look around. A
text: mess. It drives home where she is. What she's lost.
dialog: It's overwhelming.
scene_heading: 59 INT. ROY'S APARTMENT - KITCHEN - CLOSE ON EMPTY T.V. 59
scene_heading: DINNER TRAY - NIGHT
text: An empty beer bottle, one askew kitchen chair. Vestiges
text: of Roy's meal. ANGLE WIDENS as Sara enters. She opens
text: the freezer to unearth a dinner and starts an avalanche
text: of falling food. A box of Sugar Puffs cereal lands at
text: her feet. Something else out of place. She picks it up,
text: jams everything back into the freezer. Slams the door
dialog: shut.
speaker_heading: SHOCK CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 60 SARA 60
text: in a whirlwind, cleaning the apartment. Wall to wall.
text: Scrubbing away what's churned up inside. The dervish
text: ends in her "room," where she finishes unpacking.
text: Several layers into a suitcase, she comes to her ballet
text: shoes. The sight hits her like a slap in the face. Sara
text: stares at the shoes until her eyes blur. Then she
text: snatches them up and entombs them deep inside her closet.
scene_heading: 61 EXT. O'DONNELL HEIGHTS PUBLIC HOUSING PROJECTS - 61
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: Patrick, Chenille, Snookie straggle through the dreary
text: jungle of concrete lawns and blighted high rises on the
text: way to school. It's quiet now but the scars of past
text: battles, like the bombed out police substation on one of
text: its corners, are evident everywhere.
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: I need a date --
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Why? Your hand busy?
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: -- For the prom. And if it wasn't
dialog: for that kinda undue attitude, you
dialog: could be the lucky girl, Chenille.
dialog: My personal prom queen. I can see
dialog: us now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: 61 CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: You must be lookin' in your
dialog: dreams.
text: Snookie glances at Patrick. He's somewhere else.
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: Help me, man. Defend me.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I got my own problems, Snook.
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: What problems? You goin' to
dialog: college. Doctor college after
dialog: that. You large, man.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I ain't gonna be doctor nothin' if
dialog: I don't get in and I'm not in 'til
dialog: I get my letter.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: It's in the mail, Patrick. Okay?
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: (wishfully thinking)
dialog: I probably coulda been a doctor
dialog: too. If I hadn't got left back
dialog: that time.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: That time? What? Fifth and sixth
dialog: grade don't count?
text: Patrick finally laughs. Then his face changes. Becomes
text: serious. He hops a low wall, keeps in stride above them.
text: They continue on like this, the ruins of their world in
text: the b.g. behind them.
scene_heading: 62 INT./EXT CITY BUS/BALTIMORE STREETS - MORNING 62
text: The bus is crammed with kids. Sara, seated by a window,
text: doesn't bother looking out. Inside's more interesting.
text: The kids cut up. Singing, rapping, and jousting with
text: each other. Some even manage to read. Sara watches with
text: immunity. She's invisible to them.
scene_heading: 63 EXT. BUS STOP (NEAR PATTERSON HIGH) - MORNING 63
text: Sara alights just as Patrick, Chenille, and Snookie walk
text: past. Patrick's the only one to see her and their eyes
text: briefly connect.
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: 64 INT. HALLWAY NEAR ENTRANCE (PATTERSON HIGH) - 64
speaker_heading: CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Patrick and Chenille pass through metal detectors, watch
text: Snookie clown his way through. The security guard shakes
text: his head. All three begin to walk. Snookie, bobbing and
text: jiving, doesn't see Mrs. Gwynn coming up from behind.
text: Her voice stops him cold.
speaker_heading: MRS. GWYNN
dialog: (as Patrick and
dialog: Chenille look on)
dialog: Light on your feet? Good. Be
dialog: sure they dance into my office
dialog: next week.
text: She moseys on. Snookie regards Patrick's smile, shakes
text: his head.
scene_heading: 65 INT. CHEMISTRY LAB - LATER THAT MORNING 65
text: The class has donned lab coats and is ready to begin when
text: Sarah rushes in. She tries to slink into a seat. The
text: teacher, MR. HILL, gives her a disapproving look, points
text: at one of several formulas (C2,H6,O2) on the blackboard.
text: Sara just looks at him
speaker_heading: MR. HILL
dialog: We're cooking today, Ms. Johnson.
dialog: This is your first lab. You'll
dialog: need a partner. Mr. Reynolds --
dialog: Patrick -- will show you the
dialog: ropes.
text: Patrick bounces a smile off unsettled Sara. This should
dialog: be fun.
scene_heading: 66 INT. CHEMISTRY LAB - MINUTES LATER 66
text: The class, in safety goggles and gloves, has partnered
dialog: up.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SARA AND PATRICK
text: He's holding two vials. Sara picks up a beaker. Stares
text: at the blackboard. She has no idea -- and no intention
dialog: of admitting it.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (very casually)
dialog: That's too big.
text: She glints at him, grits through her teeth.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 66 CONTINUED: 66
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I know it's too big.
text: She puts the beaker down. Picks up a vial. Flips
text: through her textbook. Her eyes shift from it to the
text: blackboard, trying to make a connection. She settles on
text: one. Picks up a vial of powder. Patrick grabs her hand,
text: leans over and whispers.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I wouldn't do that if I were you.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (yanks her hand back)
dialog: Who died and made you teacher?
text: Patrick pulls back, looks at her. He can't believe she
text: dissed him. A small smile forms on his face. Sara turns
text: away from it, goes back to her vials. Patrick slides to
text: the farthest end of the table. Watches her consternation
text: with bemusement.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Know the difference between ethyl
dialog: glycol and methyl acetate? Both
dialog: got three elements, two parts the
dialog: same. It's that first part, C2
dialog: versus C3. C3 could blow a vial
text: right out a person's hand.
text: Sara thinks he's messing with her. But then the contents
text: of the beaker begin to ominously bubble. Panicked, she
text: drops the vial into their sink. It instantly goes up in
text: smoke. Some of the liquid splashes on Sara's lab coat.
text: Patrick grabs a wet towel, quickly wipes it off. The
text: class stops cold. Hill rushes up to them. Once he's
text: sure Sara's fine, he looks sternly at Patrick.
speaker_heading: MR. HILL
dialog: What happened? Everybody back in
dialog: your seats!
text: Patrick stares at Sara. Her face is red. She's biting
dialog: her lip.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I misread the component.
speaker_heading: MR. HILL
dialog: (even more angry now)
dialog: You? You misread a component.
dialog: Don't give me that, Patrick. You
dialog: were screwin' around!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: 66 CONTINUED: 66
text: Hill's tone is searing. He turns to Sara. She's trying
text: to say something but the words won't come out. Hill
text: regards her wearily, then walks off pushing the curious
text: class back to their stations. Sara looks at Patrick,
text: weakly mouths "thanks."
scene_heading: 67 INT. GYMNASIUM - NIGHT 67
text: Over the sound of GRUNTING... OPEN CLOSE ON a girl's
text: plump ass. Squirming in too-tight gym shorts that hug
text: the cheeks. ANGLE WIDENS to reveal a stout white girl on
text: a balance beam. Trying to get her legs to stand up on
text: it. Hanging on for dear life. From somewhere around
text: her, a WHISTLE BLOWS.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (O.S.)
dialog: Alright, Ms. Diggs. Time!
text: WIDEN to see the teacher and her class (FAVOR Sara,
text: Chenille, and Nikki). Amid snickers, the stout girl
text: ("DIGGY") slides off the beam, walks past the teacher
text: with her head demurely cast down. Clearing the teacher,
text: Diggy pivots around, both middle fingers in the air.
text: Gives up the double bird with much attitude. The class
text: loves it. Cheers it. Until the teacher swerves around.
scene_heading: 67 SERIES OF CLOSE CUTS 67
text: Chenille on balance beam. competent but average.
text: Nikki on balance beam. Agile. Self-assured. Good.
text: ... And then TIGHTER STILL on Sara. Tentatively
text: approaching the balance beam. Mindful of all the eyes on
text: her, all the bated breaths. All waiting to see the new
text: girl fall on her ass. Sara swings herself onto the beam
text: with aplomb. Her legs and body are strong, supple,
text: pliable rubber bands. She flounces across it on her
text: tiptoes. Does a flawless split. Hops off. Looks out.
scene_heading: SARA'S POV - TEACHER AND CLASS
text: Reacting with shock and surprise. Awed. Except for
text: Nikki. She stands there with her arms folded.
text: Simmering. Envious.
scene_heading: 68 PATTERSON HIGH - END OF SCHOOL THAT DAY 68
text: Sara. Heading down the steps with other students.
text: Chenille and Diggy break through the logjam, catch up to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: 68
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Girl, how you get your legs to
dialog: twist like that?
speaker_heading: DIGGY
dialog: (wildly gesticulating)
dialog: Yeah. What was all that double-
dialog: jointed cheerleader shit?
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
text: This is Diggy. Thinks she's down.
speaker_heading: DIGGY
dialog: Egg-cuse me? I am down.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: So, Sara. What's up with that?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: Nothing's up with it. I used to
dialog: kind of dance. Ballet. Mostly.
text: Chenille makes an impressed face. Regards Sara
dialog: curiously.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: You should hit Feetz with us
text: tomorrow night. It's a club.
dialog: Sorta members only.
speaker_heading: DIGGY
dialog: Un-der-ground.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Come on and hang out. Snook dee's
dialog: sometime. He can get you in.
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Yo, Snook
text: Sara sees Snookie... then Patrick... loping her way. She
text: steels herself. He's going to say something, crack some
text: joke about her nearly blowing him up. But Patrick just
text: stares at her with a twinkle in his eyes. A nice
text: twinkle. Sara's not entirely immune to it. Chenille
text: breaks their eye play, pushes Patrick aside. She grabs
text: Snookie's arm, indicates Sara.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: 68
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: She needs to get hooked up for
dialog: Feetz. All the way up. Sara,
dialog: give Snook twenty dollars.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: I.D. Eye-dee. How you think you
dialog: gettin' in? On your looks?
dialog: (rolling his eyes)
dialog: Chenille, your girl is weak.
dialog: Shit. I got my rep to watch. I
dialog: can't just be gettin' any green
dialog: in.
text: Sara glares. Regards Snookie with a sweeping scowl.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Look closer. And if I still look
dialog: green, I think maybe you should
dialog: wipe the crust from your eyes.
text: Snookie's jaw drops. Patrick cracks up. Diggy too.
text: Chenille's stays on point. She's about solving the
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: You gonna pay the man or what?
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: She ain't got it. Look at her.
dialog: Loud-talkin' me and broke as a
dialog: damn promise.
text: Sara, put on the spot, pulls out the money. Snookie
text: snatches it.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't even know where it is.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: So we'll hook up at my house. Go
dialog: together. I will have your I.D.
text: Snookie shrugs affirmatively. Patrick looks directly at
text: Sara. The twinkle in his eye is gone, replaced by fair
dialog: warning.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Feetz ain't no square dance.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: That's okay. I dance in circles.
dialog: Probably around you.
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: 69 INT. ROY'S APARTMENT - SARA'S ROOM - NIGHT 69
text: Roy walks in to see Sara on the futon in her pajamas
text: reading a book. She's got a head full of rollers.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: I'm splittin'.
dialog: (as she barely looks up)
dialog: Whatcha readin'?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Chemistry.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: You're takin' chemistry?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Right now it's taking me.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Give yourself some time. Well.
dialog: See ya in the mornin'. Maybe I'll
dialog: call between sets.
text: Sara really looks up. Gives him an angelic, sluggish
dialog: shrug.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'll be asleep.
text: He leaves. As soon as Sara hears the front DOOR CLOSE,
text: she jumps up, strips down to bra and panties, races to
text: the closet. One hand rips the rollers from her hair, the
text: other rips through outfits. She's frantic and unsure
dialog: about choosing the right one.
scene_heading: 70 EXT. "BLACK" STREET (SOUTH BALTIMORE) - NIGHT 70
text: Sara. In a skin-tight miniskirt and a bolero jacket.
text: Looking more eighties than nineties, more cute than cool.
text: She walks with tentative, jittery purpose down this
text: poverty stricken street. Doesn't meet anyone's eye. But
text: can feel the eyes on her. She keeps going. She's walked
dialog: too far to turn back.
scene_heading: 71 EXT. O'DONNELL HEIGHTS PROJECTS - SARA - NIGHT 71
text: Approaching the malignant edifices as the Heights begin
dialog: to come to life... or death, depending how luck's
text: running. Sara walks into this world of shadows and
text: despite a trepidation, finds something fascinating about
dialog: the possibility of real danger.
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: 72 EXT./INT. REYNOLDS APARTMENT/HALLWAY - NIGHT 72
text: Chenille triple unlocks the door, lets Sara in. Sara's
text: surprised -- the apartment is surprisingly quaint and
dialog: extremely neat. It looks a helluva lot better than Roy's
text: place. Chenille is dressed in hugely baggy military-
text: style pants and a tube top with a form-fitting, short-cut
text: leather coat over it. Sara takes it in.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Cool outfit.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Slammin'. Slammin' outfit.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: ... I look okay?
text: Chenille gives her the once over. Decides to lie.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Yeah. You look okay.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Moma Dean. I'm leavin'.
scene_heading: FROM ANOTHER ANGLE
text: GRANDMOMMA DEAN enters with a toddler ("CHRISTOPHER") in
text: her arms. She sports snow white, waist-length dreads and
text: she's wearing a dashiki lounger. Despite her white
text: locks, she doesn't look old enough to be a grandmother.
text: She hands Christopher to Chenille. Inspects Sara. Her
text: eyes are open, kind.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: (fussing over
dialog: Christopher)
dialog: Grandmom, Sara. Sara, Grandmom.
dialog: Also known as Momma Dean. And
dialog: handsome here is Christopher.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: MOMMA DEAN
dialog: Hello. Now don't get him all
dialog: riled up, Chenille. I want to get
dialog: some sleep tonight.
text: Chenille kisses Christopher, hands him off to Momma Dean.
text: They exit. Sara looks tentatively at Chenille.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Is that... is he... yours?
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: He sure ain't Momma Dean's.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: 73 INT./EXT. CAB/STREET (MOVING) - SARA AND CHENILLE 73
speaker_heading: - NIGHT
dialog: They've been talking. Well, Chenille has. Sara's been
dialog: listening. Intently. Liking this confidence they're
dialog: sharing.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: ... He'll be one in July. Best
dialog: mistake I ever made. Kenny --
dialog: Christopher's father -- he's the
dialog: worst. Triflin'. Okay?
scene_heading: 74 EXT. 6TH AND BROADWAY (EAST BALTIMORE) - NIGHT 74
text: A curbed cab. Sara and Chenille get out. Chenille digs
text: into her pocketbook, hands Sara her I.D. PUSH IN ON
text: photo of obese white girl with an untamed trailer trash
text: perm. Sara's eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Chenille. She's ugly. She's fat!
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: She's twenty-one too. I ain't got
dialog: all night. Let's hop.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Wait. I have to ask you
dialog: something.
dialog: (hard for her)
dialog: Do I really look alright?
text: An unspoken thing passes between them. Chenille suddenly
text: whips off her coat. Gestures at Sara with her head.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Gimme that '89 Madonna shit. Your
dialog: jacket. Give it here.
text: Sara takes off the bolero. Chenille ties it around her
text: own neck, then yanks Sara's miniskirt down around her
text: hips. Sara's torso is clad in a long-sleeved cotton tee.
text: Chenille frowns at it.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It's from the GAP.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: It's country. You look country in
dialog: it. Take it off.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'm not walking in there in my
dialog: bra.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: 74
text: Chenille thrusts her leather coat at her. Sara can't
text: believe what she's doing, getting (un)dressed on a public
text: street! She pulls off the tee, slips on Chenille's coat.
text: Buttons it as far as the buttons go. Looks down. Half
text: her chest is exposed.
scene_heading: 75 EXT. ALLEY (EAST BALTIMORE) - SARA AND CHENILLE - NIGHT 75
text: Gaining on what looks like an abandoned warehouse.
text: Chenille snorts at the roped off queue of kids waiting to
dialog: get inside.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Rope dopes. C'mon.
text: She leads Sara to the door of FEETZ. The Sumo-sized MAN
text: guarding it knows Chenille, digs her. His grin exposes
text: gold-capped teeth.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Chenille. Lookin' fine. As
dialog: always.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Too fine to stand in line?
text: The Man grins, opens the rope, lets them in -- "in" being
text: just inside the front door. A BOUNCER there collects the
text: $10.00 cover charge. Checks their I.D. He hands Sara's
text: back with a smirk.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: Changed your hair.
text: He waves a metal detector over their bodies, nods to yet
text: another bouncer who escorts Sara and Chenille through yet
dialog: another door.
scene_heading: 76 ANOTHER ANGLE 76
text: They march a short distance to an old elevator where a
text: group of kids wait. Bouncer #2 engages the elevator.
text: Everyone piles in.
scene_heading: 77 INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION 77
text: Sara holds onto her stomach as the CREAKY ELEVATOR
text: descends and the MUSIC below rises. The elevator's
text: vibrating with music.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: 77
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (an inside to Chenille)
dialog: Can't get much more underground
dialog: than this.
scene_heading: 78 INT. FEETZ CLUB - CONTINUOUS ACTION 78
text: A smoky hole in the wall, filled to the brim with kids.
text: Mostly black kids with a few whites and Latinos melting
dialog: in. They share a common goal: To clog the dance floor,
text: flaunt their outfits and get nasty with the music of the
dialog: masters: Tupac Shakur, NAS, Lauryn Hill, Puff Daddy,
dialog: etc. Here, the boundaries of dirty dancing are pushed,
text: from erotic to vulgar; loving to lascivious.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Sara and Chenille. Sara's excited. She loves that she
text: has to shout to be head over the music.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Let's get our table 'fore it gets
dialog: crashed and I hafta hurt somebody.
text: Sara's bewildered. She doesn't see any tables. She
text: follows Chenille to the back of FEETZ. Sees six or seven
text: tables. All of them have reserved signs. Most of them
dialog: are filled.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What are you, some kind of V.I.P.?
text: Chenille indicates the deejay booth. Snookie's in it.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Snook hooks me up whenever he
dialog: dees.
text: They walk past a SLACKER in lycra pants and a big Army
text: shirt. He licks his tongue at Chenille, grabs at her
text: protruding butt. She swirls around, grabs his crotch
text: hard enough to get his attention. The Slacker is
text: squirming in her clutch.
speaker_heading: SLACKER
dialog: Aw'right, aw'right. You got it.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Got what?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: CHENILLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (as he can't think of
dialog: anything but the
dialog: squeeze on his balls)
dialog: The right to walk past your
dialog: greasy, tickle dick self without
dialog: your paws on my ass? 'S'that how
dialog: I got it?
text: Chenille bobs her head right in his face. Sara can't
text: believe it. A few people have stopped and are looking.
text: The Slacker nods hastily. Chenille releases him, gently
text: smoothes out his shirt.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: That's how I thought I had it.
dialog: (a fly wave)
dialog: See ya.
text: She and Sara continue on to back-of-the-club tables.
text: Stop at a reserved one. An adjacent table sports Nikki,
text: her three girl crew... and Diggy. All nurse drinks.
text: Nikki snake-eyes Sara.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: What is up with this place? Seems
dialog: like they're lettin' anybody in.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Yeah. And they started with you.
text: The three girls and Diggy snicker. Nikki gives Chenille
text: a look. Turns back to Sara with a snide smirk. Points
dialog: out her crew.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: I'm Nikki. Alyssa. Jasmin.
dialog: Tiff'nee. You know Diggy, right,
dialog: Marsha?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Sara. It's Sara. And I know you.
dialog: We have a class together.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: That don't mean you know me.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Quit it, Nikki.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: Quit what? I ain't walkin' on
dialog: eggshells just 'cause you brought
dialog: the Brady Bunch to the Negro Club.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (kiss-my-ass polite)
dialog: Maybe you came to the wrong spot,
dialog: Nikki. I'm pretty sure this one
dialog: doesn't have any Negroes.
text: Chenille cracks up mainly to back Sara up. Nikki glowers
text: at her.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: I'm pretty sure you came with one.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Oh, no. Uh-uh, wench. You did
dialog: not just call me a Negro.
text: As Chenille bucks, Diggy springs up from her seat, runs
text: her arm in the space between Chenille and Nikki like a
dialog: referee.
speaker_heading: DIGGY
dialog: Alright, y'all. Chill.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: Tell her to chill. She always got
dialog: somethin' to say.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: I can say a lot more. Keep
dialog: runnin' your mouth, Nikki. I'll
dialog: lay all your shit bare.
dialog: Whatever shit it is, Nikki's not taking any chances. She
text: ejects herself from the table, walks off. The three
text: girls scoot loyally after her. Diggy gets up. Sits down
text: at Sara's and Chenille's table. Diggy goes with the
dialog: flow. That's why she always fits in.
speaker_heading: DIGGY
dialog: Why you burn her like that?
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: 'Cause I can't stand her ass and
dialog: the way she played my brother. I
dialog: need a drink, Sara. Let's walk.
scene_heading: 79 INT. FEETZ - ENTRANCE - SAME TIME 79
text: Patrick and Malakai enter with two high school dropouts
dialog: we will learn are ARVEL and LIP. Females flock to flirt
text: with Patrick and Malakai, who both swell like sponges,
text: soaking up the attention.
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: 80 INT. FEETZ - BAR - SAME TIME 80
text: Chenille pushes her way to the bar, tugging Sara along.
text: A tall, angular twenty-something MAN on the far side of
text: the bar sees her. She sees him. Sucks her teeth, nudges
dialog: Sara.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: That's him. Comin' over. Kenny?
dialog: Don't look.
text: So of course Sara does. She makes a silly face at
text: Chenille as Kenny sidles up to her. Chenille rolls her
text: eyes half-heartedly.
speaker_heading: KENNY (MAN)
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Where's my money, Kenny?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I'm a little short this week.
dialog: Don't jump off. It's comin'.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: It's comin'? No. You lyin'.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Lemme rap to you about the
text: situation on the dance floor.
text: She shakes her head firmly but her eyes do tell. She's
text: in love with him. Enough to let him whisper in her ear,
text: sweet-talk her away from the bar. Before she's swallowed
text: up by the crowd, Chenille turns back to Sara, shouts:
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Rum and Coke. No ice. Hook me
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: ON PATRICK
text: splitting off from Malakai and a girl clinging to him.
text: He's walking through when Nikki appears from nowhere,
text: grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: Let's dance.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (pulling away)
dialog: Let's not.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: 80
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: Oh? It's gonna be like that.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: How'd you think it was gonna be?
dialog: That you was gonna drop me and
dialog: pick me up whenever you felt like
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: It ain't all that serious,
dialog: Patrick.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: It ain't anymore, Nikki. Not to
dialog: me.
text: He walks off. CAMERA TRACKS him going deep inside the
text: club. He wants a drink. He's almost at the bar when he
text: sees Chenille on the dance floor with Kenny. She shrugs
text: a smile, then cocks her head over at the bar. Toward
dialog: Sara. The look is like, help me out. Don't let me leave
text: her hangin'. Patrick rolls his eyes as he glances at
text: Sara, before he really sees her. She looks fly. Hugely
text: fly. He ambles up as she shouts into the bartender's
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Rum and Coke, straight up. And a
dialog: beer. I don't care. Anything.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (O.S.)
dialog: Bad choice. 'Anything.'
text: The closeness of his voice startles her. She turns into
text: his smile. That cocksure, leave'em-weak-in-the-knees
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It's just a beer.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Then it should be the best beer.
dialog: You'd know that if you really
dialog: drank.
text: Sara's knees straighten, her spine stiffens. The
dialog: asshole's back.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Whatever.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: What's that mean? Whatever.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: 80
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Whatever you want it to mean.
dialog: You're the whiz kid, right? You
dialog: know everything.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (chuckles at this, at
dialog: her)
dialog: Not everything. Like I don't know
dialog: why we're standin' still.
dialog: (closer with a teasing
dialog: whisper)
dialog: I'm supposed to be dizzy by now.
dialog: Remember? From all those circles
dialog: you danced around me.
text: Sara leans against the bar. The knees are going again.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't feel like dancing.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: But you do know how...?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Would I be here if I didn't?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: ... Let's do it then. C'mon.
text: He coaxes her onto the dance floor. PARLIAMENT'S funk
text: classic "Flashlight" is playing. The dance crowd is
text: robustly singing the refrain to the song. There's a
text: party on the floor. FAVOR Sara and Patrick, facing each
text: other. He's moving already. She starts to dance,
text: stiffly, tentatively. Patrick smiles at her. Shakes his
text: head. He grabs her hands, swings them in time to the
dialog: music.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Now move your hips. Not so fast.
dialog: (as Sara looks lost)
dialog: Sara! Just like our hands.
text: (singing, in sync with
dialog: the crowd)
dialog: 'Flashlight! Neon light! Stop
dialog: light! Everybody got a little
dialog: light under the sun.'
text: The music's beginning to feel good to Sara. Patrick lets
text: go of her hands. Starts to dance. Sara watches him
text: intensely, her body follows his stiffly. Patrick's a
dialog: good teacher. He leads without leaving her. Whenever
text: she misses a complicated move, he smoothly segues into
dialog: another less-complicated one.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: 80
text: Sara begins to pick-up on Patrick's rhythm. Her eyes
text: never wander from his. And then she starts to feel
text: something else. They both do. A rising beat. A
text: quickening heart. And not from the dancing. She smiles
text: bashfully at him. Patrick suddenly grabs her around the
text: waist, pulls her to him in a sexy spoon dance. All Sara
dialog: can do is try to keep up and hang on.
scene_heading: FROM ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Nikki avidly watching Sara and Patrick with Jasmin and
dialog: Tiff'ny.
speaker_heading: JASMIN
dialog: She's all up in your nut, Nikki...
dialog: Oh, that's right. It ain't your
dialog: nut anymore.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: It is if I want it to be. He is
dialog: if I want him to be. That bitch
dialog: ain't got shit on me.
text: The girls regard her in conspicuous, dubious silence.
text: Nikki maintains her cool but inside her pride is
text: pricking.
scene_heading: 81 INT. FEETZ - SAME TIME 81
text: Malakai and the clinging girl nuzzle in a back corner.
text: She licks his ear, whispers into it. Malakai laughs.
text: Then his expression abruptly darkens. A storm cloud
text: comes over it. He gets up.
scene_heading: MALAKAI'S POV - WALKING TOWARD
text: ... two dealers a few feet away. They're talking to an
text: Asian guy with a multi-colored Mohawk. One slips Mohawk
text: a packet of coke, the other takes his money. WIDER as
text: Malakai reaches the dealers. He doesn't explain, doesn't
text: complain. He just starts swinging.
speaker_heading: SARA AND PATRICK
text: The MUSIC changes and their dance ends. They stand there
text: for a moment, a little caught up in each other. A little
text: unsure of the moment. And then there's a scream!
text: Several of them actually. Patrick reacts to it
text: instinctively. Looking around. In a small pocket of the
text: club he sees Malakai.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: 81 CONTINUED: 81
scene_heading: PATRICK'S POV - MALAKAI
text: in full fisticuffs with the two dealers. Holding his
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: ON PATRICK
text: leaving Sara, slicing through a clot of looky-loos until
text: he reaches Malakai. He jumps into the fray.
scene_heading: INT. FEETZ - FIGHT - PATRICK AND MALAKAI
text: A thick crowd around them, proceed to beat the living
dialog: shit out of the two dealers.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SARA AND CHENILLE
text: wrangling their way to the front line of the crowd, Diggy
text: not far behind them. Sara looks on, dumbfounded and
text: dazzled by what she sees, which is --
speaker_heading: PATRICK
text: pummeling his dealer into cowering submission. Only then
text: does he look over at Malakai who, eyes engorged with
text: rage, is standing over his opponent, kicking and stomping
text: him with no signs of letting up. Patrick can see
text: Malakai's too far gone for talk. He rushes him from
text: behind, nearly lifts Malakai off his feet to swing him
text: away from the dealer's writhing body on the floor.
scene_heading: 82 EXT. FEETZ - OUTSIDE VESTIBULE - CONTINUOUS ACTION 82
text: The exit door bursts open and Patrick and Malakai tumble
text: out. Patrick bends over, cups his knees as he catches
text: his breath.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Man, what the hell are you doin'?
dialog: Tryin' to get sent back up?
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: They the ones tryin' shit. Comin'
dialog: here. Squarin' off in my shit.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You couldn't let it slide?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: 82
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Let it slide tonight, they come
dialog: back strong tomorrow. You know
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Malakai, you fuck up parole, you
dialog: ain't gonna back to JuVee.
dialog: Eighteen and up, that's Jessup.
dialog: Hardcore lockdown. You want that?
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: (regards him coldly)
dialog: I want what was mine. Feetz is my
dialog: spot. I'ma do business here just
dialog: like I did before. Like we did
dialog: before. And if I gotta stomp some
dialog: niggers in my way, so be it.
text: An uncertain but tense moment. Patrick tries to salvage
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Well, you definitely got the
dialog: stompin' part down.
text: They look at each other. Share a small laugh.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: We fucked those fools up for sure.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (crossing to exit door)
dialog: For damn sure, man.
text: Patrick finds the door locked. He and Malakai hoist
text: themselves over a high, wrought iron fence. Disappear
text: behind it.
scene_heading: 83 EXT. FEETZ - FRONT ENTRANCE - NIGHT 83
text: Distant WAIL of SIRENS as Feetz begins to empty out.
text: Kids converge on the sidewalks. PICK UP Sara, Chenille
text: and Diggy. Waiting and watching for Patrick. Diggy
text: looks at them.
speaker_heading: DIGGY
dialog: It's about to get real out here.
dialog: Cops and shit. I'm gone.
text: She leaves. Chenille spots Patrick. Not too worse for
text: the wear. She smiles with relief. Then Sara sees him.
text: She smiles too.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. STREET (O'DONNELL HEIGHTS) - NIGHT 84
text: Sara, Patrick and Chenille. Walking home. Chenille's
text: preaching to Patrick. He's not in the mood.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: ... Yeah, I'ma tell you. Tell you
dialog: like I keep tellin' you, Patrick.
dialog: You need to let Malakai alone.
dialog: Let him handle his own shit before
dialog: he drags you down in it.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Chenille. I heard you the first
dialog: five hundred times.
text: They round a corner bordering the Heights. Stop in front
text: of it. Chenille, disconcerted with Patrick, looks dourly
dialog: at Sara.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: I'll see you Monday.
dialog: (to Patrick, like an
dialog: order)
dialog: He'll walk you.
text: As much as this makes sense, it still takes Patrick by
text: surprise. Sara sees it in his face, regards Chenille
text: with a false bravado.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: It's just a few blocks. It's
dialog: okay.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: No, it's not okay. Would you tell
dialog: the girl it ain't okay?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: It's not okay, okay?
dialog: (before she can
dialog: protest)
dialog: Come on, Braveheart.
scene_heading: 85 EXT. STREET - SARA AND PATRICK - NIGHT 85
text: walking. Sara keeps stealing glances of him. Or so she
dialog: thinks.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (caught)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Why you keep lookin' at me?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I have to look somewhere. The
text: streets are deserted. Might as
dialog: well look at you.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: That's not why. You wanna know
dialog: somethin'. Ask somethin'.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It's not a question. It's the way
dialog: you were beating that kid up. You
dialog: looked so mad.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I was mad and he wasn't no kid.
dialog: But you're from the suburb Mars,
dialog: right? Folks don't fight there.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Not like that.
dialog: (some kind of
dialog: wonder)
dialog: You were really kicking his ass.
dialog: It's not funny, the look on her face. But Patrick
dialog: laughs.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Are you laughing at me?
text: Dropping the smile, Patrick shakes his head. Looks at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: My friend was in trouble.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Maybe he's my question. Your
dialog: friend. Chenille doesn't like
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: She likes him. It don't stop her
dialog: from trippin' off him now and
dialog: then. But Malakai's good people.
dialog: We go back. Way back. You know,
dialog: like they say, through thick and
dialog: thin.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, how'd you like Feetz?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It was great.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Once you got used to the music.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It wasn't the music I wasn't used
dialog: to. I mean, it's not the first
dialog: time I heard hip-hop, Patrick.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Uh-huh. Bet you listen to it all
dialog: the time.
text: Patrick regards her with a sly, knowing smile. His stare
text: is significant, unsettling. Sara's face flushes. She
text: turns from him, hoping he didn't see it.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Not all the time. But a lot.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: We gettin' any closer to your crib
dialog: or should we stop for food and
dialog: water?
text: Sara snaps out of it. Looks around. Shit. First the
text: flush and now this. She looks at him. She could kick
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: We passed it.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You passed it.
text: A look. They double back to her front door. Pause on
dialog: the stoop.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Thanks for walking me.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: So. I'll see ya.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Is that 'see ya' like gee-whiz,
dialog: had a great time, can't wait to
dialog: see you again?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Or is it like 'see ya,' I'll bust
dialog: a cap in your ass if you ever
dialog: darken my doorstep again?
text: He makes it impossible not to smile. So damned charming.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I haven't said gee-whiz since I
dialog: was six. But I really had a great
dialog: time... okay?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Okay.
text: She enters the rowhouse. Patrick waits until the lights
text: go on inside before he turns around and starts home.
scene_heading: 86 INT. ROY'S APARTMENT - KITCHEN - NEXT MORNING 86
text: Roy's making breakfast when Sara straggles in. She peers
text: at the stove. Scrambled eggs and bacon. Toast too! A
dialog: first for him.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Figured I'd put a little marrow in
dialog: your bones. Siddown, siddown.
text: (she slumps in chair)
dialog: You gettin' along at school?
dialog: Makin' friends...?
text: (as she nods robotically)
dialog: ... See any of 'em last night?
text: He slides a plate in front of her. Stands there holding
dialog: his.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: I came home on my break.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Oh.
text: The succinct sneer in her voice gets to Roy. He snaps at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: ... Oh? Jesus! You're hard!
dialog: Look. You're seventeen. If you
dialog: wanna go out, go out. But don't
dialog: lie to me. On top of everything
dialog: else, don't make me worry like
dialog: that about you.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: ROY (CONT'D)
dialog: (after long moment)
dialog: I didn't mean to yell.
dialog: (sits down; trying
dialog: like hell)
dialog: So how are the eggs? They good?
text: Sara takes a small, tasteless sample, nods. They eat in
text: silence. Then Sara looks over at him with genuine if
text: detached remorse.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You're right. I should've said
dialog: something. I'm sorry.
text: Roy exhales. Finally, a chink in the brick wall.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: What're you gonna do today?
dialog: Anything special?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Nope. Nothing special.
scene_heading: 87 INT. RECORD STORE (EAST POINT MALL) - DAY 87
text: A track from TOP DOGG BLARES from invisible SPEAKERS.
text: All of the store's many customers are teenage kids.
text: Snookie, in sunglasses and a reversed baseball cap,
text: clerks behind the counter. He's ringing up (and trying
text: to rap to) a fly girl when Patrick walks in, overhears
text: the overture.
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: ... How you know I can't do
dialog: nothin' for you? I'm the hardest
dialog: workin' man in showbizness, girl.
dialog: C'mon. Let me be the bomb in your
dialog: shell.
text: The fly girl rolls her eyes. Takes her bag. Leaves.
text: Patrick looks at Snookie, wryly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You do the shit to yourself, man.
dialog: The bomb in your shell?
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: That was black magic, Patrick.
dialog: It's gonna work one of these days.
text: He reaches behind the counter, hands Patrick a Jay-Z C.D.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: 87 CONTINUED: 87
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: Last one on the rack. I snatched
dialog: it up for you. Rang it up on my
dialog: discount.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (what Snookie's
dialog: waiting for)
dialog: Thank you, Snookie.
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: (as Patrick pays him)
dialog: You workin' or what, man?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: On my way. Soon as I get outta
dialog: here...
text: As he says this, his eyes wander around the store. And
text: he sees her in the stacks. Sara.
scene_heading: 88 INT. RECORD STORE - HIP-HOP SECTION - MOMENTS LATER 88
text: Sara with a bunch of C.D.'s. She juggles them in one
text: hand, flips through Hip-Hop C.D.'s with another. She
text: looks up to see Patrick standing beside her. He takes in
text: the C.D.'s. Grins at her.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Throwin' a party?
text: There's no wiggle room but Sara wiggles anyway.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Just adding to my collection. I
dialog: heard some stuff I didn't have
dialog: last night.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (that twinkle in his
dialog: eyes)
dialog: Well, you were fly anyway. Last
dialog: night. Dancin', I mean.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Not as fly as you.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (half-serious)
dialog: Nobody's as fly as me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: 88 CONTINUED: 88
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (dead-serious)
dialog: Not yet anyway.
text: Patrick laughs. Looks at her. Sara looks back at him.
text: They're staring at each other.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Maybe we could hook up later.
dialog: After school or somethin'. Work
dialog: on some of your moves. If you
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Okay. Sure.
text: Patrick nods affirmatively. Starts to leave. Turns
text: back, indicates her stack of C.D.'s.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: By the way, Hammer's pretty much
dialog: played out.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (convincing lie)
dialog: Not to me.
scene_heading: 89 INT. ROY'S APARTMENT - KITCHEN - NIGHT 89
text: Sara's on the phone, unwrapping one of those T.V.
dialog: dinners.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: It was so... slamming, Lindsay.
dialog: The dancing! I'm going again.
dialog: What? No, I haven't seen anybody
dialog: get shot yet. God, I didn't move
dialog: to Bosnia.
scene_heading: 90 INT. PATTERSON HIGH - HALLWAY - MORNING 90
text: A fight. Two black girls having at it. It's a ferocious
text: match. Hair pulling, spit flying, punches landed,
text: clothes torn apart.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON SARA
text: as she crowns the corner, comes to a bottleneck of
text: students. It's like the nose bleed section of Caesar's
text: Palace. The far hallway is the ring. Sara cranes her
text: neck to see the action.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: 90 CONTINUED: 90
text: ANGLE WIDENS as a security guard earns his hazard pay.
text: He separates the two girls who are still swinging at each
text: other. He throws one into a corner, hurls the other in
text: an opposite corner.
speaker_heading: ON SARA
text: as a WHITE GIRL standing next to her shakes her head
text: lamentably.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What happened?
text: The White Girl studies Sara's suburban clothes and fresh-
text: scrubbed face. Thinks she found a kindred spirit.
speaker_heading: TONY (WHITE GIRL)
dialog: We freed the slaves and didn't
dialog: teach them no manners.
dialog: (before Sara can react)
dialog: You're Sara, right?
dialog: (as Sara warily nods)
dialog: Toni. I was gonna introduce
dialog: myself before but you're always
dialog: with that crowd. You know.
dialog: Chenille, her girls, that identity
dialog: crisis Diggy.
text: Sara looks at Toni. Getting it. Getting her. The
text: expression on her face closes off. Toni, too dense to
dialog: read it, keeps talking.
speaker_heading: TONI
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: We should hang out sometime, Sara.
dialog: The two of us. Whenever you
dialog: decide to lose the tan?
text: Her inference clear, Toni flashes a brilliant smile,
text: happily walks off. Sara shakes her head to herself.
dialog: What an idiot.
text: As Sara continues down the hall, a P.A. address comes on.
speaker_heading: P.A. ADDRESS (V.O.)
dialog: Seniors, a reminder before you
dialog: rise up and change the world.
text: Mrs. Gwynn is holding all diplomas
text: hostage in her office. Her only
dialog: demand is the pleasure of your
dialog: company for career D-Day. Be
dialog: there.
text: Sara enters her classroom, a bunch of kids in front of
text: and behind her.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: 91 EXT./INT. STREET/ROY'S ROWHOUSE (SO. BALTIMORE) - DAY 91
text: Sara walks up the street (passing many black people),
text: sees Roys' pickup. Shit. He's home.
speaker_heading: 92 CAMERA TRACKS 92
text: Sara as she enters their rowhouse, walks up a flight of
text: stairs to their apartment. There's a JAZZ INSTRUMENTAL
text: FAINTLY coming from it. And another NOISE. Foreign and
text: yet familiar. Like grunting... but not. Sara unlocks
text: the door. Opens it.
scene_heading: 93 SARA'S POV - LIVING ROOM 93
text: Her father's fucking somebody! On the couch. Half on it
text: anyway. In broad daylight! The whore underneath him is
dialog: moaning. Jesus!
text: ANGLE WIDENS as Sara turns away from the spectacle.
text: Reaches for Roy's sax. She blows the longest, shrillest
dialog: note known to mankind.
speaker_heading: 94 ON ROY 94
text: The hair on his head stands up. His body deflates
dialog: instantly.
scene_heading: 95 INT. KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER 95
text: Sara sits at the table. Roy enters in a wrinkled T-shirt
text: and battered jeans. His embarrassment is naked.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: I don't know what to say. I
dialog: don't.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: How 'bout fuck it? Or should I
dialog: say fuck her? It's a fuck-fest,
dialog: Roy.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Don't talk to me like that, Sara.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I thought you were goin' to your
text: friend's house after school.
dialog: Obviously, you changed your mind.
dialog: So I'm sorry. Alright?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Sorry you got caught.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED: 95
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Sorry I got... observed
text: The "whore" with the Hich C is RHONDA. She stands
text: between the living area and the kitchen entrance now.
text: Sara tries not to look at her. Can't help it. She has
text: to see the whore. Not bad looking, in a washed out,
dialog: bottle blonde barfly kind of way.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Don't be mad at him. It's my
dialog: fault. I'm real sorry, honey.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: It's nobody's 'fault.' It's over.
dialog: Let it be over. We're all adults.
text: Sara glares at him. The disingenuous Rhonda jumps in.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: I think he means you know about
dialog: sex. That we have it and he likes
dialog: it. Isn't that what you mean,
dialog: Roy?
text: Sara looks at her. Bats her eyes. Hard.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Really? How often do you have it?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Things been kind of slow since you
dialog: got here. Once upon a time we
dialog: were real rabbits, weren't we,
dialog: Roy?
text: Verbal quicksand. Roy can feel himself sinking.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Rhonda. Shut up. Please.
scene_heading: 96 INT. SARA'S ROOM - NOT MUCH LATER 96
text: OPEN CLOSE ON a framed photo of Glynn and Sara (in full
text: ballet costume). Embracing. Happy. PULL BACK to see
text: Sara. Sitting on the edge of her futon, holding Glynn's
text: clover leaf necklace and staring at her mother's face.
text: Lost. Lonely. Missing her. She kisses the lucky charm,
text: smiles at Glynn, slips the necklace on.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: 97 INT./EXT. CAR WASH - DAY 97
text: Patrick, in coveralls, slouches over a mechanic's station
text: studying. A few workers mill about, waiting for the next
text: car on a slow day. A BMW with tinted windows peels into
text: the lot on two wheels. Patrick looks up as Malakai and a
text: tall, wiry, nattily dressed man get out.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I got it.
text: He exits into the lot. Approaches Malakai and the man
speaker_heading: ("TUTE").
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Medicine Man. You know Tute.
text: Tute takes in Patrick. Looks around. Snickers
dialog: derisively.
speaker_heading: TUTE
dialog: You call this a job, man?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Actually, I call it a car wash.
dialog: The work I do, yeah, that's a job.
text: Malakai lets out a nervous laugh. Tute doesn't crack a
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: TUTE
dialog: I need some sticks. Watch my
dialog: ride, Malakai.
text: Tute enters the cashier's office. Patrick looks at
dialog: Malakai.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You hangin' with him now? Think
dialog: that's a good idea, 'Kai?
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: You got a better one?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You could try layin' all this shit
dialog: off for awhile. Give yourself a
text: chance on the other side.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: What other side?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You know what I mean. It ain't
dialog: like you don't have good sense.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: 97 CONTINUED: 97
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: I got sense enough to know who I
dialog: am, what I can do and where I can
dialog: do it. I ain't like you. People
dialog: don't just up and hand me shit.
text: Tute emerges from cashier's office lighting a cigarette
text: from a fresh pack. He blows a plume of smoke into the
dialog: air, regards Patrick.
speaker_heading: TUTE
dialog: We ain't here for our health. You
dialog: workin', then work.
dialog: (throws Patrick
dialog: car keys)
dialog: And don't forget the rims.
scene_heading: 98 INT. REYNOLDS' APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM/KITCHEN - 98
scene_heading: LATE THAT NIGHT
text: Patrick, still in work coveralls, enters. First thing he
text: does is pick up a stack of mail. Tracking him into
text: kitchen as he crosses to refrigerator, takes out a plate
text: Momma Dean's left for him. He sits down at the table,
text: takes a breath, begins shifting through the mail. His
text: face registers disappointment. Nothing. Again.
scene_heading: 99 INT. GUIDANCE COUNSELOR'S OFFICE - DAY 99
text: Patrick sits across from Mrs. Gwynn, the reality check of
dialog: Patterson High.
speaker_heading: MRS. GWYNN
dialog: Maybe you think it's enough to
dialog: have the grades, get a full
dialog: scholarship. But it isn't,
dialog: Patrick. Georgetown makes mulch
dialog: of students like you every
dialog: semester. You have to be ready to
dialog: change. Change friends.
dialog: Lifestyle. Your entire point of
dialog: view. What I'm saying is, options
dialog: won't matter if you don't keep a
text: clean nose to the grindstone.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (looks her right in
dialog: the eye)
dialog: I know that, Mrs. Gwynn.
text: The unflappable Patrick. He doesn't fool Mrs. Gwynn.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: 99 CONTINUED: 99
speaker_heading: MRS. GWYNN
dialog: Knowing's easy. Doing is hard.
speaker_heading: BEGIN MONTAGE
text: in which a series of STUDENTS parade in front of
dialog: Mrs. Gwynn.
speaker_heading: 100 SNOOKIE 100
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: Me? I wanna operate on cars.
dialog: Some place fly like the Kentucky
dialog: Derby. -- Ah-ha! Joke on you...
scene_heading: 101 SPACED-OUT STUDENT 101
scene_heading: SPACED-OUT STUDENT
dialog: Career? That the same as a
dialog: job...?
speaker_heading: 102 DIGGY 102
speaker_heading: DIGGY
dialog: A Rock-n-Rap club in L.A. I'm
dialog: gonna put a tattoo parlor on the
dialog: roof. Soon as I find some
dialog: investors...
scene_heading: 103 SERIOUS STUDENT 103
speaker_heading: SERIOUS STUDENT
dialog: I want to be a lawyer, but I
dialog: believe in God so I'm not sure
dialog: about it...
speaker_heading: 104 TONI 104
speaker_heading: TONI
dialog: I'm moving to Idaho. I hate it
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: 105 CHENILLE 105
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Beauty school.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 105 CONTINUED: 105
speaker_heading: CHENILLE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm a year behind 'cause of my
dialog: baby, but I'm gonna work during
dialog: the day, go to school at night.
dialog: That's my plan anyway...
speaker_heading: 106 MALAKAI 106
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Plans? Yeah. I plan not to be
dialog: poor. Next question...
speaker_heading: 107 NIKKI 107
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: I get into U.M.B.C., financial
dialog: aid, everything...
speaker_heading: MRS. GWYNN
dialog: Do I detect a 'but'?
text: Nikki folds her arms, regards her obdurately.
speaker_heading: MRS. GWYNN
dialog: I know you're -- how do you put
dialog: it? -- Large here, Nikki. You
dialog: enjoy that and it's fine for now.
dialog: I guess. But you can't live your
dialog: life like a popularity contest.
scene_heading: 108 MONTAGE ENDS WITH SARA 108
text: walking in. Sitting down.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't think it's realistic, what
dialog: you're asking. Things happen.
dialog: Things change. And the changes
dialog: change you. What's the point of
dialog: plans?
speaker_heading: MRS. GWYNN
dialog: To have a sense of direction.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You can't direct destiny.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED: 108
speaker_heading: MRS. GWYNN
dialog: (fingering Sara's
dialog: papers)
dialog: I see here that you trained for
dialog: Juilliard, that you auditioned.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: That was a long time ago.
speaker_heading: MRS. GWYNN
dialog: It was three months ago, Sara.
dialog: (the brick wall)
dialog: Well, if you're not going to
dialog: pursue dance, what are you going
dialog: to do?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (hadn't thought about
dialog: it)
dialog: I don't know. Take a year off.
dialog: Work. Go to college later on.
speaker_heading: MRS. GWYNN
dialog: Be careful with later on, Sara.
dialog: It's a slippery slope. Sometimes
dialog: you can run right on top of it and
dialog: it never catches up with you.
scene_heading: 109 EXT. O'DONNELL HEIGHTS - ROOFTOP - LATE DAY 109
text: A low sun over the cityscape of Baltimore. PUSH IN ON
text: Patrick and Sara, two dots that grow larger. He CLICKS
text: ON a BOOM-BOX resting on the roof's ledge. A hip-hop
text: track BLASTS.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Feel the groove. Don't let the
dialog: music mess with you.
text: He starts to move with the music. Sara tries to emulate
text: him. They dance throughout the conversation.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Did you always want to be a
dialog: doctor?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Who said I wanna be a doctor?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Chenille. Everybody.
text: He cinches her waist, pushes in her ass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 109 CONTINUED: 109
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Keep it tight. Watch your butt.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What kind of doctor do you want to
dialog: be?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Pediatrics. I like kids. Come
dialog: on, stay with me. You're
dialog: slackin'.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Do you have any? Kids.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: No. Do you?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I wasn't being smart, Patrick.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Wouldn't be the first time.
text: She stops. Regards him. He stops. Regards her.
dialog: Stalemate.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Screw you. I'm brilliant.
text: He goes into a spin, a half-split, comes out of it
text: swaggering and half-stepping around her. Sara gives him
text: an impish look. Rises up on full pointe, turns out her
text: legs and lifts one of them in a spiral just below his
text: head. It happens in two blinks. So fast Patrick thinks
text: it was a mirage. He stares at her, dumbfounded. Sara
text: smiles. The look on his face is worth the pain in her
text: joints. She blows some stray hair out of her face, puts
text: her hands on her hips. Looks appropriately hapless.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I didn't get it. That thing you
dialog: just did. Show me again?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: What was that shit you just did?
text: He mimes the move -- badly. Sara can't help it. She
dialog: laughs.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: A releve. Over ice. With a
dialog: twist.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 109 CONTINUED: 109
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: (succumbs to his
dialog: bewilderment)
dialog: Ballet. I used to dance, Patrick.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You used to dance?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Uh-huh. Used to as in don't any
dialog: more. And don't ask me why.
text: She sounds suddenly defensive. Patrick's suddenly
dialog: intrigued.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Because I don't want to talk about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: That's why you brought it up. Did
dialog: that whole relieve thing. 'Cause
dialog: you don't wanna talk about it?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Because it's not a big deal. Can
dialog: we just concentrate on this?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Yeah, we can concentrate.
text: (a beat; goading her
dialog: a little)
dialog: But I think it is a big deal.
dialog: Whatever it is you don't wanna
dialog: talk about.
text: Sara shakes her head adamantly. He nods his head
text: emphatically. Another stalemate. They dance coyly,
text: seductively around it.
scene_heading: 110 INT. ROY'S APARTMENT - KITCHEN - NIGHT 110
text: Sara. Doing stretching exercises as she talks on the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: LINDSAY (V.O.)
dialog: (over phone)
dialog: I'm still gonna pray for you.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: 110 CONTINUED: 110
speaker_heading: LINDSAY (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus, Sara, you're in the
dialog: freaking ghetto. Forget the
dialog: riots. How are you supposed to
dialog: meet anybody?
text: Sara slides down the wall, hugs her knees.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I have met somebody. Sort of. I
dialog: think. I mean, there's this
dialog: guy...
scene_heading: 111 INT. REYNOLDS' APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM/CHENILLE'S 111
scene_heading: BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Patrick enters to hear CHRISTOPHER SCREAMING his lungs
text: out. He passes down the hall to Chenille's room to find
text: Christopher squirming in Kenny's arms. Kenny doesn't
dialog: know what to do.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (walking in)
dialog: What y'all doin' to my nephew?
text: Patrick takes Christopher, holds him and consoles him
text: until he settles down. Patrick pointedly hands the baby
text: to Chenille, glares accusingly at her and Kenny as he
text: quits the room. Kenny regards his son haplessly. Looks
dialog: at Chenille.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Why's he do that?
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
text: He's a baby. They cry.
speaker_heading: KENNY
text: He was screaming, Chenille.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: He don't know you, Kenny.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I'm his father. He knows me.
dialog: (meaning now)
dialog: ... What should I do?
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Come around more often.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: 111 CONTINUED: 111
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: See? I can't talk to you.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: And I can't depend on you! Am I
dialog: askin' you to do anything for him
dialog: you ain't supposed to do?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: You don't ask, Chenille. You make
dialog: demands. You want money, you --
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: -- I want you to pick up some of
dialog: the slack. You always have an
dialog: excuse.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: It's not like that. I get tied
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: You wanna talk about tied up? Try
dialog: gettin' up in the middle of the
dialog: night to change diapers and give
dialog: him bottles or stayin' up with him
dialog: when he's sick and havin' to drag
dialog: your ass to school the next day.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Look. I'm doin' the best I can.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: It ain't good enough, Kenny!
scene_heading: 112 INT. PATTERSON HIGH - GIRLS' LAVATORY - MORNING 112
text: Dripping, out-of-order faucets, graffiti-laced stalls,
text: litter-strewn floors are underscored by the spooky
text: flicker of fluorescent lights. Sara walks in. The
text: bathroom appears to be empty. She's about to enter a
text: stall when she hears the murmur of a voice. A guy's
text: voice. Then a girl's whimper. She eases forward a bit.
speaker_heading: GIRL (O.S.)
dialog: I don't get paid 'til next week.
speaker_heading: MALE (O.S.)
dialog: Boo the fuck hoo. You can't put
dialog: my bizness up your nose on no
dialog: layaway plan. C'mon now. You
dialog: know what you gotta do.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 112 CONTINUED: 112
text: Sara ventures carefully forward to the edge of the
text: stall's open door. She cranes her neck trying to see
dialog: without being sen.
speaker_heading: HER POV - STALL
text: A GIRL is seated on the toilet. A man straddles her, his
text: crotch in her face. The Girl sees Sara. Something in
text: her face gives this away. The "man" glances out past his
text: shoulder. He looks right down our throat straight into
text: Sara's eyes. Malakai.
speaker_heading: ON SARA
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Malakai backs up. The Girl jumps up, runs out the
text: lavatory. Malakai zips up his pants. Sara's frozen,
text: staring at him.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: You didn't see nothin', you don't
dialog: say nothin'. Not unless you want
dialog: a taste for yourself. And that
dialog: can be arranged.
text: He leaves. Sara waits a moment. Exits.
speaker_heading: 113 HALLWAY 113
text: She sees Mr. Hill, starts to move for him. Someone grabs
text: her arm from behind. She turns, startled, a little
text: afraid. It's the Girl from the stall. She looks Sara in
text: the eye. Shakes her head. Don't. Mr. Hill walks by
text: them unbeckoned.
scene_heading: 114 EXT. INNER HARBOR (DOWNTOWN BALTIMORE) - PARK - DAY 114
text: A perfect day. CAMERA PANS FROM the waterfront TO the
text: bustling crowds of the inner harbor, then to a park
text: across from this where Sara and Patrick are practicing.
scene_heading: HIP-HOP MUSIC softly PLAYS from Patrick's BOOM-BOX. Sara
text: watches his face as they dance.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Didn't you like it when you 'used'
dialog: to dance?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: 114
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yeah I liked it. I was gonna go
dialog: to Juilliard. That school fucked
dialog: up my entire life. It's a long
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Let me guess. You don't wanna
dialog: talk about it.
text: Sara looks at him. A soft smile is all she offers up.
scene_heading: 115 EXT. PARK - SARA AND PATRICK - LATER 115
text: They lay on their bellies in the grass. Close to each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I stole a bike here once.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Why'd you do that?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: 'Cause I didn't have one.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: That's a good reason.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I used to do wild shit like that.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You and Malakai?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Yep. Most of the time.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't get you guys. You seem
dialog: so... different.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: We're not.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Maybe you weren't then but you are
dialog: now. You said you changed.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Doesn't make me different from
dialog: him. Not the way you think it
dialog: does.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: 115
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I think Malakai's scary. And I
dialog: know you're not.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (taking mild umbrage)
dialog: What you mean by scary? 'Kai's
dialog: tough. He has to be. He still
dialog: got a good heart. I know.
text: Sara stares at the ground, struggling to tell him what
dialog: she saw.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Patrick.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Let me finish. Me and him got
dialog: into some shit awhile back. Real
dialog: bad shit. We held up a gas
dialog: station off 95. I bailed the ride
dialog: -- jumped out the car. 'Kai kept
dialog: goin', got caught.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: I knew what he was gonna do that
dialog: night. Knew the car was hot. I
dialog: woulda been guilty as him if they
dialog: had caught me, if Malakai had
dialog: served my name up. But he didn't.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: That means you owe him something?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: He did his time plus most of mine.
dialog: I owe him that.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: No matter how much he messes up?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: We all mess up. Maybe Malakai
dialog: gave up. But he's still m'boy and
dialog: he still got a chance. I ain't
dialog: just gonna cross him completely
dialog: off and be like everybody else.
text: He looks at her and she doesn't have the heart -- or the
text: nerve -- to tell him. A long moment. She plucks a
text: dandelion from the grass, twirls it thoughtfully in her
dialog: fingers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: 115
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I stole a hat once. When I was
dialog: twelve. My mom found it under my
dialog: mattress, made me take it back.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Gangsta' Sara. Stole a hat. Call
dialog: the F.B.I.
text: She looks at him. Smiles. Twirls the dandelion under
text: his nose.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You gonna turn me in?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I think I'll wait for you to
dialog: surrender.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Were you tight with your mom,
dialog: Sara? I mean, y'all get along and
dialog: shit?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (guardedly)
dialog: Yeah...tight... got along and shit
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: So she meant something to you.
dialog: How come you never talk about her?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: There's nothing to say.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (studying her face)
dialog: Know why there's nothing to say?
dialog: Because you don't talk about her.
dialog: You won't talk about her.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'm sorry she's dead. God! What
dialog: do you want me to do? Run through
dialog: the streets screaming?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Why not? If it helps.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (tersely)
dialog: Well, it won't. So drop it.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: And you call Malakai scary.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: 115
text: She looks at him. Patrick grins. Sara knocks her legs
text: against his. He knocks his legs back. A silly moment.
text: But it transcends the tension and creates a sweet truce
dialog: between them.
scene_heading: 116 INT. PATRICK'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT 116
text: Momma Dean's fixing dinner. Patrick enters with the mail
text: in his teeth, a load of books in his arms. He dumps the
text: books on the counter, busses Momma Dean's check on the
dialog: way to the 'fridge.
speaker_heading: MOMMA DEAN
dialog: I know you're not puttin' those
dialog: dirty hands inside my
dialog: refrigerator.
text: Patrick backs up to the sink. Washes his hands.
text: Impishly dries them on her apron. He sits, begins
text: sifting through the mail. Momma Dean pulls an envelope
text: from her pocket. Waves it at him.
speaker_heading: MOMMA DEAN
dialog: This what you're lookin' for?
text: Chenille appears in the doorway. Patrick takes the
text: letter. He's almost afraid to open it. But he does.
text: And as he reads the letter, a slyly relieved smile
text: spreads across his face. He tosses the letter in the
text: air. Grabs Chenille and Momma Dean. And the three of
text: them jump up and down together with joy.
scene_heading: 117 INT./EXT. CITY BUS (MOVING) - SARA AND PATRICK - NIGHT 117
text: Dressed to the nines. They look happy and relaxed, more
text: so than we've ever seen. They sit close to each other.
dialog: Very close.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Are you gonna tell me where we're
dialog: going?
text: (as he grins, shakes
dialog: his head)
dialog: Why is the surprise for me?
dialog: You're the one with something to
dialog: celebrate.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: We can celebrate together.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: 117 CONTINUED: 117
text: She looks at him. Can't find any words. So she just
text: goes into her evening bag and pulls out a small box. She
text: hands it to him, a little nervous about how it will be
dialog: received.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I wanted to get you something and
dialog: I couldn't figure out what. It's
dialog: not much but I hope you like it.
text: Patrick opens the box. Removes a key chain. It's
text: engraved with the medical emblem (snake &amp; staff, etc.).
text: He regards her, touched.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I like it. I love it. Thank you.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Wait. There's more.
text: She leans in, turns the key chain over in his hand. The
text: back side of it is engraved with the words, "PATRICK
text: REYNOLDS, M.D." Patrick locks eyes with Sara, lifts her
text: hand to his lips. Kisses it softly. The gesture is
text: succinct but alluring and, for a brief moment, they're
dialog: the only two people in the world.
scene_heading: 118 INT./EXT. CITY BUS - SARA AND PATRICK - LATER 118
text: The bus makes a stop and an older white woman gets on.
text: Sits across from Sara and Patrick who have moved even
text: closer to each other. Patrick's arm is around Sara's
text: shoulder. He whispers something in Sara's ear. She
text: laughs and looks up to see the white woman staring at
text: them with a muted but obvious repugnance. Watching the
text: woman from the corner of her eye, Sara drapes her arms
text: around Patrick's neck, nuzzles at his ear. Patrick's
text: eyes widen. Sara, playing this for all it's worth, folds
text: one of her legs between his and whispers:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: We have an audience. Work with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (nonplussed)
dialog: Work with you?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (sotto voce,
dialog: through her teeth)
dialog: Grab something.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: 118
text: He grabs her ass -- what else is there? -- runs his hand
text: along her side. The white woman, thoroughly disgusted,
text: gets up and moves to the back of the bus. Patrick and
text: Sara look at each other, burst out laughing.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. BALTIMORE HALL - NIGHT 119
text: The equivalent of D.C.'s Kennedy Center, the hall is
text: awash in lights and activity. Men and women are donned
text: in formal attire. Parking valets hover on the sidewalks
text: waiting for cars. Into this, Sara and Patrick walk. She
text: looks at the crowd, then sees the overhead banner --
text: "Boston Ballet, A Command Performance." Sara's heart
text: stops. Her feet freeze. Patrick looks at her. She
text: looks positively catatonic.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Surprise... Sara?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (quietly urgent)
dialog: I can't. I can't go in.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (doesn't understand)
dialog: You have to go in. This is where
dialog: I'm bringing you. The ballet.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (beside herself)
dialog: I know, but --
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (crestfallen)
dialog: But what?
text: Sara looks at him, feeling bad. Feeling stupid for
text: ruining the evening. She bites her lip, shakes her head
text: ("but nothing"). Patrick takes her and they go in.
scene_heading: 120 INT. BALTIMORE HALL - AUDITORIUM - NIGHT 120
text: Sara and Patrick watch the Boston Company perform Igor
text: Stravinsky's "Scenes De Ballet" as choreographed by
text: Christopher Wheeldon. They're both enraptured. But
text: while Patrick keeps sneaking excited glimpses of Sara,
text: her eyes remain fixed on the dancers, the dance. She is
text: utterly, totally engaged and amazed. The yearning that
text: never really left her returns to tug at her heart and
text: project her soul onto the stage.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: 121 EXT. STREET (SOMEWHERE IN BALTIMORE) - NIGHT 121
text: Post-ballet, Sara and Patrick walk. She's quiet,
text: introspective. Patrick's at a loss. He can't decipher
text: her mood and, which is more, he's disappointed by it.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I thought you would like it.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You ain't actin' like you did.
text: She looks over at him, tries to smile.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: They come to a small, secluded bridge. Sara sits down on
text: the edge of it. Patrick follows suit. A long moment.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't want you to think I didn't
dialog: have a good time tonight, Patrick.
dialog: I did. But ballet isn't a part of
dialog: my life anymore.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Why not? What happened? You just
dialog: woke up one day and decided to
dialog: waste your talent.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (without rancor)
dialog: How do you know I have talent?
dialog: Because I did some stupid leg
dialog: trick.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I saw the look on your face when
dialog: you did it, Sara. The same look I
dialog: saw tonight. Goofy happy. So if
dialog: you're gonna tell me somethin'
dialog: about not dancing, at least tell
dialog: me somethin' real.
text: A long, difficult moment wherein Sara attempts to find
text: the words, face the pain that comes with them. Finally,
text: she looks at him.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Maybe I don't want it to be real.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: 121
text: She stares out at the water, the moon reflected off of
dialog: it. It's hard to reconcile that beauty and the turmoil
text: she's feeling. But she goes on.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What I want is to wake up and see
dialog: my mom. For things to go back to
dialog: the way they were. When they made
dialog: sense. When my life made sense.
dialog: (because)
dialog: And it's all my fault. She got
dialog: scraped off the highway for me,
dialog: for my fucking audition. She was
text: rushing. It was raining. It was
dialog: raining...
dialog: (a torrent)
dialog: ... But she promised to be there.
dialog: I made her promise. And then I
dialog: didn't wait for her. I should
dialog: have but they called my name and I
dialog: didn't say anything. I just went
dialog: out and danced. I was mad. I
dialog: needed her and she wasn't there.
text: She buries her face in her hands, breaking down, racked
text: with tears and guilt. Patrick puts his arms around her.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (inconsolable)
dialog: She was dying while I was dancing
dialog: and I was mad at her and I'm
dialog: sorry. I'm sorry...
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: It's not your fault it rained or
dialog: she died. Or that you danced.
dialog: That's what you were there for.
dialog: Your mom would've expected you to
dialog: do what you did.
text: Sara, choking on tears, regards him forlornly.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: That's what makes it so bad. She
dialog: always did what was right for me.
dialog: I wanted to be a prima ballerina
dialog: -- had to be. Even if it took
dialog: most of our money, all of her
dialog: spare time. I didn't care. It
dialog: was my stupid dream and it killed
dialog: her. All she wanted was for it to
dialog: come true.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: 121
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You still got whatever you had
dialog: when your mom was alive, Sara.
dialog: She wouldn't want you to give up.
text: Sara swipes at her face, looks up at him, still crying.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I know... but she... I just don't
dialog: think I can do it without her.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (holding her)
dialog: Do you want to do it, Sara? I
dialog: mean you. Do you want Juilliard?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yeah. I do.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Then it's on you to make the dream
dialog: come true.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yeah. For my mom.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: For her. For you.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. ROY'S APARTMENT/STREET - THAT NIGHT 122
text: Patrick walks Sara to the front door. They pause on the
text: stoop. Neither of them wants the night to end.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: See you tomorrow?
text: A rhetorical question under the circumstances. Patrick
text: regards her tenderly, moves her hair from her eyes.
text: Stares deeply into them. Sara smiles wanly, certain she
text: looks like shit. But it doesn't matter. The moment has
text: named itself. And so, with more certainty than passion,
text: they kiss.
scene_heading: 123 INT. SARA'S ROOM - NIGHT 123
text: CAMERA PANS the room, PICKING UP small touches from
text: Sara's past life, her previous bedroom -- more on display
text: than we've seen before. HOLD ON closet door. A beat
text: before Sara emerges from behind it, ballet slippers in
text: hand. She takes a deep breath. Slides them on. Peers
text: down at her feet. Wiggles them. Nothing magical or
text: mystical but simply wonderful. Gleefully wonderful.
text: Like the end of a long day's journey to home.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: 124 EXT. INNER HARBOR COMPLEX (DOWNTOWN BALTIMORE) - DAY 124
text: Sara and Patrick negotiate the heavy pedestrian traffic,
text: exit the complex. He leads her to a mall of trees and
dialog: bike paths.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Lemme see that move you did. That
dialog: cute leg relieve thing.
dialog: (as she shakes
dialog: her head)
dialog: Come on, Sara.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (hates to admit this)
dialog: It hurts! I'm out of shape and it
dialog: hurts. Okay? Satisfied?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (admiring her)
dialog: That's what you call outta shape,
dialog: what's it take to get you in
dialog: shape?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Practice.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: This is the perfect spot for that.
dialog: You can run around and I can sit
dialog: under the trees and watch you.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't get in shape like that.
dialog: But it's still a good spot.
dialog: (diffidently)
dialog: I got my application for
text: Juilliard. Just in time too.
dialog: They're holding auditions in
dialog: Baltimore next month.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: That's great!
text: She looks at him, shakes her head. Not that great.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'll never be ready in a month.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Sara, you puttin' the mojo on
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: 124 CONTINUED: 124
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (a smile in spite of
dialog: herself)
dialog: Mojo?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Negative shit. White folks call
dialog: it karma. The bad kind.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You don't understand. Ballet
dialog: takes a lot of time, a lot of
dialog: preparation. I used to practice
dialog: two, three hours every day. I'm
dialog: so far behind...
text: ... And unsure and afraid. Which Patrick can sense. But
dialog: he won't let her go there or stay there. He's firm,
dialog: matter-of-fact.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Quit whinin' and catch up then.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It's not as easy as that. My free
dialog: form still sucks. It's still the
dialog: weakest part of my routine. That
dialog: hasn't changed.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: So I'll help you with it.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You will?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (surprised that she's
dialog: surprised)
dialog: Yeah. I'll help you. Tell me
dialog: what you need to do and let's get
dialog: busy.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE SEQUENCE
text: BEGINS OVER THEME MUSIC.
scene_heading: 125 INT. ROY'S APARTMENT - SARA'S ROOM - NIGHT 125
text: Sara in the mirror dressed in leotards and tights. She
text: bends forward from the hip, extends a leg, a
dialog: corresponding arm.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUED: 125
text: As she tries to complete the arabesque, the backward-most
text: leg buckles. She steadies herself. Starts over.
scene_heading: SARA - IN VARIOUS STAGES OF GETTING BUSY
scene_heading: 126 PATTERSON FOOTBALL FIELD 126
dialog: Hip-hop hybrid with Patrick.
speaker_heading: 127 DANCE STUDIO 127
text: In class. Struggling to keep up.
speaker_heading: 128 STREET 128
text: On way to and from bus stop. Practicing as she walks.
speaker_heading: 129 DANCE STUDIO 129
text: Alone with her instructor. Looking good.
scene_heading: 130 DANCE STUDIO - LATER 130
text: Alone with her instructor. Looking better.
scene_heading: 131 ROY'S BATHROOM 131
text: Soaking and tending her bleeding feet.
scene_heading: MONTAGE ENDS.
scene_heading: 132 INT. ROY'S APARTMENT - LIVING AREA 132
text: OPEN CLOSE ON a black hand shaking a white one. PULL
text: BACK to reveal Patrick and Roy. Sara enters looking
text: striking, pretty, very down. Chenille's influence is
text: written all over her makeup and her clothes. Overlooking
text: Roy, she blithely tags Patrick.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Let's skip.
dialog: (cursory, to Roy)
dialog: Later.
text: They leave. Roy stands in the middle of the room,
text: dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: 132 CONTINUED: 132
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Let's 'skip'?
dialog: (mumbling to
dialog: himself)
dialog: Three months and she's skipping?
scene_heading: 133 INT. FEETZ - BAR - NIGHT 133
text: Usual suspects, usual music. Patrick hands Sara a call-
text: brand beer. Leans in with his drink, openly and
text: contently with her.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Nikki and her crew (Jasmin, Tiff'nee, Alyssa). Nikki
text: hasn't seen Patrick and Sara. She's showing her crew a
dialog: dance.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Chenille, Diggy and another black girl. Fraternizing.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - DEEJAY BOOTH
text: A chrome-domed deejay with a Barry White baritone bellows
text: into his mike as he changes the music.
speaker_heading: DEEJAY
dialog: Master P with the 'Ghetto D'.
dialog: Showmesomethin', showmesomethin',
dialog: give up that cruel. Eyes on you!
text: WIDER as the dance floor swells with kids. PICK UP Sara
text: and Patrick among them. She looks at him nervously. He
dialog: smiles.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Nobody's watchin' you but me.
text: A gallant lie. Sara tries to believe it. They dance.
text: Practice has made her near perfect. Their movements are
text: ambitious, nimble, better than anyone else on the floor.
text: They move so well together that Snookie, dancing nearby,
text: starts chanting:
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: Go, Patrick! Go, Patrick!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: 133 CONTINUED: 133
scene_heading: FROM ANOTHER ANGLE OF DANCE FLOOR
text: Diggy. Jiggling and wildly gyrating. Chiming in --
speaker_heading: DIGGY
dialog: Go, Sara! Go, Sara!
speaker_heading: PATRICK AND SARA
text: building up a sweat; confidently dancing at fever pitch.
speaker_heading: DEEJAY (V.O.)
dialog: Everybody have funk, funk, funk!
scene_heading: 134 INT. FEETZ - DANCE FLOOR 134
text: Sara and Patrick, still going at it. Snookie, Diggy and
text: others prance around them like backup dancers.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - NIKKI
text: standing with her crew dourly observing Patrick and Sara.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: Watch me squash their shit. Hard.
speaker_heading: ON NIKKI
text: Shoving, pushing, and barging her way up to Patrick.
text: Without preamble or regard for Sara, she starts dancing
text: with him. Patrick looks at Sara but he's somehow dancing
text: with Nikki. Sara retreats with daggers in her eyes.
dialog: Pissed.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (AND NIKKI)
text: unresponsive as she grinds her body into his, raw and
dialog: wild.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: standing where she can see but can't be seen from the
text: dance floor. From a curtain of kids, Malakai suddenly
text: appears at her side. Sara can't move. She's boxed in.
dialog: Malakai indicates Nikki and Patrick with slick
text: satisfaction, whispers derisively:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: 134 CONTINUED: 134
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: You ain't never gonna look as good
text: as she does with him. That's oil.
dialog: You're milk. Ain't no point in
dialog: tryin' to mix.
text: He evaporates into the crowd. Sara stands there.
speaker_heading: PATRICK AND NIKKI
text: as a SLOW DANCE BEGINS. Nikki starts to press herself
text: against Patrick. Patrick holds her off with both arms.
text: Walks away.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - DANCE FLOOR - FAVOR PATRICK
text: moving toward Sara.
text: A stark, apologetic expression on his face. He takes her
text: hand. Sara fiercely jerks away. Patrick grabs her hand
text: again, more emphatically this time. But Sara won't budge
text: from the spot where she's standing. So Patrick slides
text: his arms around her, holds her without moving. They
text: remain like this for a moment or two until they slowly
text: begin to dance. We PUSH IN ON them in this little space.
text: Patrick's lips brush Sara's ear.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Sara...?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I'm sorry.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST THEM ON MALAKAI
text: slow dancing with his flavor of the night. Eyes on Sara
text: and Patrick. Both underwhelmed and resentful of what he
dialog: sees.
scene_heading: 135 INT. ROY'S ROWHOUSE - HALLWAY/FRONT DOOR - THAT NIGHT 135
text: Sara unlocks the door. She and Patrick enter. She turns
text: on the lights. Looks at him. Answers the unspoken
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: 135 CONTINUED: 135
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: He's in D.C. Blues Alley. He'll
dialog: be gone all night.
text: Patrick sits down on the sofa. Sara crosses to the
text: STEREO, turns it ON. A SAX SOLO begins playing.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Roy's demo. The only one he ever
dialog: cut. Kinda grows on you.
text: A beat. Somewhere between five seconds and forever.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Wanna see my room?
text: Patrick looks at her, nods. He gets up, follows Sara
text: behind the partition into her "room." They stand there
text: for a moment. He cups her face with his hands. Kisses
text: her. They begin to take off each other's clothes,
text: alternately sure and fumbling; a bit awkward, a bit
text: urgent. Sara unzips Patrick's pants, catches something
text: other than his clothes. Patrick winces in pain. She
text: looks at him with an embarrassed grimace. Says this very
dialog: low.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Sorry...
text: They kiss again, stumble backward to her futon. Fall
text: down upon it and begin to make love.
scene_heading: 136 INT. PATTERSON HIGH - HALLWAY - PATRICK AND SARA - 136
speaker_heading: DAY
text: CAMERA TRACKS them as they walk down the hall hand-in-
text: hand, sometimes exchanging greetings with other students.
text: They are officially a couple and they appear to be in
text: love. At the door to Sara's next class, Patrick busses
text: her lips before she enters.
scene_heading: 137 INT. SARA'S CLASSROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION 137
text: No teacher is present. The class files in. Toni drops
text: down in a chair beside Sara. She leans over in a
text: conspiratorial whisper.
speaker_heading: TONI
dialog: Whatever you do, don't fuck him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 137 CONTINUED: 137
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: TONI
dialog: 'Hit it and quit it,' that's their
dialog: motto.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Whose motto?
speaker_heading: TONI
dialog: Black guys. Everybody knows that.
text: The teacher walks in. Sara quickly whispers back to
dialog: Toni.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Don't forget, they all have big
dialog: dicks and beat their wives.
dialog: Everybody knows that too.
scene_heading: 138 INT. RIB JOINT (SOMEWHERE IN BALTIMORE) - NIGHT 138
text: Malakai, along with Snookie and two brain donors, ARVEL
text: and LIP, eat at a booth. Patrick strolls in gritty from
text: work. Tired from work. He slides in next to Malakai.
text: The mood is light, jovial.
speaker_heading: ARVEL
dialog: You smell, boy.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: How can a piece of shit tell?
text: The table cracks up.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: You been scarce lately, man.
dialog: Where you been?
speaker_heading: ARVEL
dialog: Somewhere dreamin' of a White
dialog: Christmas...
speaker_heading: LIP
dialog: ... And Christmas ain't even for
dialog: 'nother six months.
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: Lip. It's a so-to-speak thang,
dialog: you ignorant fuck.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED: 138
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (looks at Patrick)
dialog: So. So to speak? Whassup.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (snatching up one of
dialog: his ribs)
dialog: Back out my business, boy.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: (watching Patrick
dialog: keenly)
dialog: You tappin' that white girl, man?
dialog: (half joking)
dialog: That's why you ain't got time for
dialog: your boyz no more, you too busy
dialog: frontin'. Too busy snowflakin'.
text: Patrick lifts one of Malakai's ribs, responds coolly.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: How am I frontin', 'Kai? I made
dialog: time for this bullshit, didn't I?
speaker_heading: LIP
dialog: Aww, man. You busted. That's why
dialog: your jaws are gettin' so tight.
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: You the one need his jaws
dialog: tightened with your pork-ass
dialog: instigatin' self.
speaker_heading: ARVEL
dialog: (re: Patrick's roving
dialog: fingers)
dialog: Order somethin', Patrick. This
dialog: ain't no goddamn soup line.
text: Patrick grabs some of Arvel's fries, chews them in his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Y'all hangin' tonight or what?
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: We thinkin' about slidin' through
dialog: that new rec center opened up on
dialog: the Eastside. You ridin'?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Eastside? That's the wrong side.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED: 138
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I ain't messin' with those fools
dialog: over there. You know how they
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: I ain't pressed. I got my own
dialog: shit.
text: Shorthand. The table stops. Malakai glances around,
text: lifts his shirt to expose a gun. Patrick stares at
text: Malakai with disbelief.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: What you think? I'ma keep walkin'
dialog: around waitin' for some chump to
dialog: cap me? I'ma protect myself.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: That ain't protection. It's an
dialog: excuse for some unnecessary
dialog: mayhem.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Ain't nothin' unnecessary 'bout
dialog: it. Shit. Mayhem and madness.
dialog: That's a black man's life.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: How you know? You ain't tried
dialog: nothing else. Now you sittin' up
dialog: here strapped for no good reason.
dialog: You askin' for trouble, Malakai.
dialog: (as Malakai laughs)
dialog: You think this shit's funny?
text: Snookie shifts uncomfortably. Arvel and Lip look at
text: Malakai. Malakai looks at Patrick, coldly drops his
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: I think it's funny you think it
dialog: ain't necessary. You act like you
dialog: don't know where you are no more,
dialog: Patrick, and whassup out there for
dialog: anybody who ain't you. Maybe
dialog: that's what happens when a white
dialog: girl goes to your head.
speaker_heading: LIP
dialog: -- Or gives you some.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED: 138
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Fuck you, Lip.
dialog: (looks at Malakai)
dialog: I know what's out there. I also
dialog: know you can get past it. But
dialog: that ain't gonna happen, 'Kai,
dialog: long as you keep gettin' in your
dialog: own way.
speaker_heading: ARVEL
dialog: (peacemaker)
dialog: Aw'ight. Y'all said what you had
dialog: to say. We back to bein' boyz.
dialog: Patrick. Chill. Have some ribs.
scene_heading: 139 INT. ROY'S ROWHOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT 139
text: Sara and Patrick, post-coital. She's in her robe. He's
text: dressed but they're fooling around as they fix
text: sandwiches. Patrick drops down in a chair. Sara drops
text: down on his lap.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: What's your favorite flower?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't have a favorite.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Yeah, but if you did...
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I dunno. Maybe cymbidiums --
dialog: orchids. They're sort of show-
dialog: boaty but they're pretty.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: What's your favorite color?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Agua.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: What's your second favorite color?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Mmm. Mauve.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You're makin' this real hard,
dialog: Sara. Those ain't exactly tuxedo
dialog: colors.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: 139 CONTINUED: 139
text: Sara swings her legs around, facing him, straddling him.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Nut. What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I was tryin' to get around to
dialog: askin' you somethin' but since I'm
dialog: some sorta nut, you probably
dialog: wouldn't wanna go to prom with
dialog: me...
text: She throws her arms around his neck, kissing him.
text: Patrick slides his hands under her robe, cups her
text: breasts. Sara responds to him. They are too engrossed
text: in this intimacy to hear the FRONT DOOR OPENING, to see
text: Roy until he walks in and sees them. Sara leaps up,
text: closes her robe. Patrick doesn't know what to do. He's
text: caught. Straight up. Red-handed. Roy's eyes dart
text: between them, settle on and slice into Patrick.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Patrick -- it is Patrick, isn't
dialog: it?
dialog: (a small awkward nod)
dialog: Well, I think you were just
dialog: leavin'.
text: Patrick stands up. Sara grabs his arm defiantly, holds
dialog: him back.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Why does he have to leave? We're
dialog: all adults. Right?
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: He either leaves or I throw his
dialog: ass out. Your call, Sara.
text: Patrick jerks his arm free from Sara, grabs his jacket
text: off the back of his chair. He back-talks Roy as he
text: passes him.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Chill, man. I'm goin'. You don't
dialog: have to come off with all 'at.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Who the hell are you to tell
dialog: me how to come off? You're in my
dialog: house alone with my daughter.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: 139 CONTINUED: 139
text: It takes everything Patrick has to keep walking until
text: he's out the door. It slams behind him. Sara marches up
text: to Roy, furious.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I hate being your daughter. You
dialog: ruin everything.
text: She tries to stomp off. Roy kicks a chair in her path.
text: Snarls.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Siddown.
dialog: (not a request; an
dialog: order; as she sits)
dialog: It's a free country, you can hate
dialog: me. Ain't like that's exactly
dialog: news. But disrespectin' me,
dialog: that's where the road ends, Sara.
dialog: I don't want him up here again. I
dialog: mean it.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You mean it because he's black.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Don't start that bullshit!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Why's it bullshit? Because you
dialog: hang with black guys and play jazz
dialog: and have the hots for Angela
dialog: Bassett?
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Because he was in my house with
dialog: his hands all over my daughter!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Keep telling yourself that. Just
dialog: don't expect me to believe it. I
dialog: saw how you looked at him. But
dialog: you didn't see him. Well, for
dialog: your information, he's a straight-
dialog: A student with more heart and guts
dialog: than you'll ever have!
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Yeah? Well, when are you gonna
dialog: have the guts to say what you
dialog: really want to say to me, Sara?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: 139 CONTINUED: 139
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (screaming at him)
dialog: Want me to say it? You were a
dialog: piece of shit husband and you're a
dialog: piece of shit father! You were
dialog: never there for Mom or for me.
dialog: You took off and never looked
dialog: back. So don't talk to me about
dialog: guts.
text: Not quite the truth, but near enough to sting. It quiets
text: Roy down. He regards her with regret and guilt.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Sounds like you have it all
dialog: figured out.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I have you figured out. You think
dialog: you can make up all the time you
dialog: missed, all the things you didn't
dialog: do? You can't! I'm here because
dialog: I have to be and it's a goddamned
dialog: nightmare.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Well, you might as well wake up
dialog: and get used to it, Sara, because
dialog: that's the way things are
dialog: sometimes, the way life is.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: How the hell would you know?
dialog: You've been asleep for the past
dialog: thirty-seven years!
text: Now she does storm off. This time Roy lets her. He
text: can't find the words to deny what she's said.
scene_heading: 140 EXT. PATTERSON HIGH - QUAD OUTSIDE CAFETERIA - DAY 140
text: A break between classes draws the requisite claques and
text: cliques. Sara and Patrick huddle over a chemistry book,
text: attentive to each other. Nikki stands off watching both
text: of them. Malakai saunters up to her smoking a joint.
text: Hazily indicates Patrick and Sara.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: The 'Love Boat.'
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: Love shit. That bitch is tap-
dialog: dancin' on my last nerve.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 140 CONTINUED: 140
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
text: Looks like she's tap-dancing on
dialog: your last boyfriend. She got it
dialog: like that? Naw. Never mind.
dialog: Stall it. I ain't heard shit.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: Stall what? What you hear?
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Some trash she's talkin'. About
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: About me?
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Yeah. How you ain't all 'at since
text: Patrick's takin' her to the prom.
dialog: (in for the kill)
dialog: I am a little bit... chagrined
dialog: though, Nikki. You lettin' some
dialog: white ho' show you up like that.
text: He regards her with bemused pity. Nikki, with all her
text: inner outrage, manages to salvage her pride. She sneers
text: in his face.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: Fuck you, Malakai. Fuck her too.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: (gaily, a she sails off)
dialog: Ain't no need in fuckin' me...
dialog: stuck up, bitch... I'm on your
dialog: side
scene_heading: 141 INT. PATTERSON HIGH - HALLWAY - DAY 141
text: Patrick drinks at a water fountain. Looks up. Malakai's
text: standing there. There's still some tension between them.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Yo. Me and the boyz fixin' to
dialog: shoot some hoops. Us against
dialog: Druid Hill. If you interested.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Druid Hill? Hell yeah.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Gotta skip last period.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: 141 CONTINUED: 141
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I got study hall. Don't matter
dialog: anyway. Not with those suckers.
dialog: I'll be back before the bell
dialog: rings.
text: They walk off together and, after a few steps, begin
text: dribbling imaginary balls down the hall.
scene_heading: 142 INT. GYM (PATTERSON) - DAY 142
text: A girls' basketball game in progress. Sara's playing
text: defense. She's on Nikki's team. She blocks a shot but
text: Chenille, on the opposing team, gets it on the rebound.
text: Basket. Nikki shoots Sara a murderous look. Stupid,
dialog: uncoordinated bitch.
scene_heading: 143 EXT. DRUID HILL PLAYGROUND - BASKETBALL COURT 143
text: A four-on-four game in progress. Patrick, Malakai,
text: Snookie and Arvel versus the Druid Hill Two Deuces. An
text: unseen BOOM BOX BLASTS the music of JAY-Z throughout.
text: Patrick has the ball. He passes it to Malakai. They AD-
text: LIB insults to the Two Deuces. This is heaven for them.
dialog: Talking shit and playing ball. The best time.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 144 INT. PATTERSON HIGH - GYM 144
text: Sara takes her defensive position against an opposing
text: player, successfully blocks the shot, tries to slam the
text: ball to Nikki. It clips Nikki's head, bounces out of
text: bounds. Nikki, her dignity stunned, her patience out,
text: walks up to Sara, shoves her to the floor. Sara looks up
text: at her as some disembodied voice calls out:
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE
dialog: Don't start nothin', won't be
dialog: nothin'! Stay down, girl!
scene_heading: 145 EXT. DRUID HILL - BASKETBALL COURT 145
text: Malakai dribbles the ball around one of the Two Deuces,
text: skies it. Misses the hoop. Patrick rebounds. Passes it
text: back to 'Kai. He takes the shot. Makes it. Patrick and
text: Arvel strut victoriously.
scene_heading: 146 INT. PATTERSON HIGH - GYM 146
text: Sara jumps up, shoves Nikki back. And the fight is on.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: 147 EXT. DRUID HILL - BASKETBALL COURT 147
text: As the dejected Deuces look on, Malakai high-fives
text: Patrick and Snookie. Arvel's moving into their circle
text: when SHOTS RING OUT. Everybody on the court instantly
text: dives to the ground for cover.
scene_heading: 148 INT. PATTERSON HIGH - GYM 148
text: Sara and Nikki tumble to the gym floor. The surprise is
text: Sara. She matches Nikki blow for blow. It's a punishing
text: fight for both of them and it only ends when the gym
text: teacher separates them.
scene_heading: 149 EXT. DRUID HILL - BASKETBALL COURT 149
text: A car speeds off. Patrick raises up, looks around.
text: Malakai nods. He's okay. Snookie's crawling to the
text: exit, snot-nosed and crying. He's okay. Then they see
text: Arvel. Sprawled on the ground. Covered in blood. He
text: seems lifeless.
scene_heading: 150 INT. MRS. GWYNN'S OFFICE - SARA AND NIKKI - DAY 150
text: In adjacent chairs across from Mrs. Gwynn's empty one.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: (a hiss, under her
dialog: breath)
dialog: It ain't over, bitch.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Over? I don't even know why it
dialog: started... bitch. And don't say
dialog: it's about Patrick because it's
dialog: not. It's not about him.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: No. It's about you. White girls
dialog: like you. Creepin' up, takin' our
dialog: men. The whole world ain't
dialog: enough. You gotta conquer ours
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I like him, he likes me. And if
dialog: you don't like that, screw you.
text: Mrs. Gwynn walks in. Sits down. Looks reproachfully at
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MRS. GWYNN
dialog: Girls. I think you need to talk.
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: 151 INT. ROY'S APARTMENT - LIVING AREA/SARA'S ROOM - DAY 151
text: Roy's tuning his sax when Sara enters. Her face is a
text: mess. Yet she drifts by, bruised and bent over, as if
text: this were the norm. Roy does a double-take.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: What the hell happened to you?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I got suspended. Two days.
text: She straggles into her room. Roy follows her to the
dialog: futon.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: For what? Fighting?
dialog: (as she nods
dialog: like "no shit
dialog: Sherlock")
dialog: Why were you fighting, Sara?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: I'm not sure. I think it's some
dialog: kind of black female thing.
text: He sis down beside her, instinctively reaches out to
text: touch her face, assess the damage. Sara sharply flinches
text: away. But Roy persists and after a moment, she lets him
dialog: minister to her.
scene_heading: 152 INT. REYNOLDS' APARTMENT - KITCHEN - EVENING 152
text: Patrick walks in, Arvel's dried blood stained into his
text: clothes. Chenille's cooking with a sound-asleep
text: Christopher slung over her shoulder. She and Patrick
text: regard each other morosely.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: How's Arvel?
text: Patrick slumps down at the kitchen table. He's barely
dialog: audible.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Pretty bad.
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: Can't even play a got-damned game
dialog: of ball no more.
text: Chenille comes up behind him. Squeezes, pats his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 152 CONTINUED: 152
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: You see Sara? She alright?
text: (as he looks up
dialog: with a question
dialog: mark)
dialog: You didn't hear? Nikki jumped off
dialog: at her in gym. It was fierce...
text: Given the day, this is the straw on Patrick's back. He
text: bolts from the table and on his way out nearly bumps
text: heads with Kenny.
scene_heading: 153 INT. ROY'S ROWHOUSE - HALLWAY - NIGHT 153
text: Patrick RINGS the DOORBELL. Sara opens the door
text: slightly, just enough for Patrick to see her face. It
text: pisses him off.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It's alright. I'm okay.
text: Roy appears in the space behind her, looking out. Sara
text: can feel his presence. Her eyes implore Patrick.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Look. It's not a good time.
dialog: (gently shutting
dialog: the door)
dialog: I'll see you later... I'm okay.
scene_heading: 154 INT. LAUNDROMAT (SOUTHEAST BALTIMORE) - EARLY EVENING 154
text: The laundromat is empty but for a few customers and
text: Nikki. She's loading clothes from two large baskets into
text: washers when her brother DIONDRE, 10, races in. He's
text: grinning from ear-to-ear.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: Diondre, what your butt doin'
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: DIONDRE
dialog: (a taunting twist)
dialog: I can go where I want. You the
dialog: one on punishment.
text: Nikki swings a wet shirt with no intention of hitting
text: him. She looks up. Patrick's standing in the doorway.
text: Diondre runs up to him, holds out the palm of his hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 154 CONTINUED: 154
speaker_heading: DIONDRE
dialog: There she go. Gimme my two
dialog: dollars.
text: Patrick pays him. Diondre darts out. Patrick walks up
text: to Nikki. Nikki clenches, tries to dismiss him with a
text: backhanded wave.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: Whatever it is, I don't wanna hear
dialog: it.
text: Patrick leans up against a washing machine and for a long
text: moment just looks at her. The walk there has composed
dialog: his emotions.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I thought you had somethin' to say
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: You thought wrong.
text: An old black woman is avidly, openly watchin' them.
text: Patrick indicates a bench on the other side of the
text: laundromat. Nikki petulantly follows him there. They
text: sit. Patrick looks at her.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Somethin' must be on your mind for
dialog: you to get up in Sara's face,
dialog: start all this drama. What you
dialog: tryin' to prove, Nikki?
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: You're the one tryin' to prove
dialog: something. Stuck up in her shit
dialog: like she's somethin' special.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: What if she is? What's it to you?
dialog: You didn't see me trippin' off
dialog: that Howard dude and I could have.
dialog: I coulda tripped hard, Nikki.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: That was different.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: How you gonna call it different?
text: She stands up. Looks down at him. Raises her voice.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: 154 CONTINUED: 154
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: Because she's white and he ain't.
dialog: And don't sit there like you don't
dialog: know what I'm talkin' about,
dialog: Patrick.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (glaring at her)
dialog: You don't even know what you're
dialog: talkin' about, Nikki.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: I don't? Y'all black men, soon as
dialog: you even think about goin'
dialog: someplace good, first thing you do
dialog: is find a white girl to take with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: Patrick glares in the Old Woman's direction, then back at
dialog: Nikki.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I thought I was goin' someplace
dialog: good with you. You the one called
dialog: me off. But you ain't tryin' to
dialog: remember that. Now you mad. Why?
dialog: Because she's white and I like
dialog: her? I'm with her.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: Please. You're with her because
dialog: she's white. That's what sets me
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: It ain't got no business settin'
dialog: you off! Me and her ain't got
dialog: nothin' to do with you and what
dialog: you think. So keep your hands off
dialog: her and that shit to yourself.
text: Nikki folds her arms across her chest, looks at him
text: defiantly.
speaker_heading: NIKKI
dialog: I don't think it, I know it. But
dialog: you go ahead, deny it. That's
dialog: what y'all always do.
text: She turns on her heels, goes back to her machine.
text: Patrick rises, sees the old woman glinting at him. He
text: holds her hateful stare for a moment, then walks out.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: 155 INT. REYNOLDS' APARTMENT - CHENILLE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 155
text: Chenille and Kenny. In the middle of a contentious
text: moment. He tries to give her some money. She snatches
text: it out of his hand. Kenny looks at her. He's hurt.
text: Chenille's too mad to see it.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: What? I'm supposed to get excited
dialog: because you decided to skate by
dialog: and drop a dollar on the dresser?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: It's more than a dollar. And it's
dialog: all I got.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I got laid off rom B.W.I.,
dialog: Chenille. I been workin' part-
dialog: time. Money's tight. You know
dialog: how you are about money. That's
dialog: way I haven't been coming around.
text: Chenille stares at him for a long moment. Her voice is
dialog: low.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Money ain't got nothin' to do with
dialog: it, Kenny. You don't come around
dialog: because you don't feel like comin'
dialog: around. You don't want the
dialog: responsibility of comin' around.
dialog: As long as you out there and I'm
dialog: in here, you know your son's being
dialog: taken care of. You ain't got no
text: worries when it comes to him.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: And you don't have no feelings
dialog: when it comes to me. All you do
dialog: is bitch and complain about what I
dialog: don't do. I get sick of that.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Be sick of it. You ain't got to
dialog: see me to see your son.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I'll be sure to keep that in mind.
text: He leaves. Chenille stands there, mad at him. Mad at
dialog: herself.
scene_heading: 156 INT. FREE CLINIC (SOUTH BALTIMORE) - DAY 156
dialog: The lowest common denominator for misery.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: 156 CONTINUED: 156
text: The room is filled with young women, most them black, and
text: children of all ages. They are piled up like cars on a
text: freeway, waiting to be seen. The noise level is at a
text: peak when Chenille and Sara walk in. Chenille's carrying
text: a fussy Christopher, his diaper bag and her backpack.
text: Sara, wanting to be helpful, reaches for Christopher.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Want me to take him?
text: Chenille shakes her head. Walks to reception to sign
text: herself in. Sara takes in the faces of girls younger
text: than herself, the grime and gloom of the room. It's
text: incomprehensible that this is a place where sick children
text: are brought to get well. Chenille finishes at the desk.
text: Returns to Sara. They cross to a corner of the clinic
text: where they sit -- on the floor. Chenille indicates the
text: receptionist bitterly.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: That wench. You gotta stand over
dialog: her to make sure she puts your
dialog: name on the damn list. Triflin'
dialog: bitch.
text: Chenille starts to change Christopher's diaper. He
text: starts to wail and flail. Chenille can't placate him.
text: One of his kicks connects with Chenille's open backpack,
text: sends books and papers flying. Sara can see the veins
text: stand up on Chenille's neck.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'll get 'em.
text: She does. Chenille's finally got control of Christopher
text: but he's still crying. Chenille slips off his dirty
text: diaper. When Sara hands her a clean one, Chenille
text: regards her strangely, as if just remembering that she's
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: So your old man flipped about the
dialog: fight.
dialog: (with some animus)
dialog: Probably thinks it's all Patrick's
dialog: fault.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: No. I explained about Nikki.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Right. You put it all on her.
dialog: None of it's on you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: 156 CONTINUED: 156
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: She started it, Chenille. She
dialog: wanted to start it. I told you
dialog: what she said.
text: Chenille flashes a look, finishes up with Christopher.
text: She picks him up, puts a bottle in his mouth. Cradles
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Maybe she didn't have no business
dialog: gettin' in your face. But she had
dialog: a reason to say what she said.
text: A reason? Sara studies her, trying to fathom the remark.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: So you agree with her? You think
dialog: I don't belong with Patrick.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: What I think don't matter. But
dialog: you and him act like it don't
dialog: bother people that you're
dialog: together. Like it don't hurt
dialog: people to see.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (her Irish up)
dialog: We like each other. What is the
dialog: big fucking deal? It's him and
dialog: me. Not us and other 'people.'
text: The white girl with the rose-colored reasoning. Chenille
text: glares at Sara, her voice designed to snatch the blinders
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Black people, Sara. Black women.
dialog: (passionately)
dialog: Patrick's about somethin'. He's
dialog: smart. He's motivated. He's for
dialog: real. He ain't gonna make no
dialog: babies and not take care of 'em or
dialog: run the streets, fuck up his life.
dialog: He's gonna do somethin' with
dialog: himself. Here you come, white and
dialog: right, and you take one of the few
dialog: decent men left after jail, drugs
dialog: and drive-bys. That's what Nikki
dialog: meant about you up in our world.
text: Sara sits there, stupefied. Understanding. Not
dialog: understanding.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: 156 CONTINUED: 156
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: There's only one world, Chenille.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: I thought we were friends. Guess
dialog: I was wrong.
text: She gets up, walks out. Something in Chenille wants to
text: call after her, but she's too miserable, too torn up
dialog: inside to do it.
scene_heading: 157 INT. FEETZ - BAR - NIGHT 157
text: Patrick and Malakai nurse drinks. The MUSIC fails to
dialog: move them. They have too much on their minds. Malakai
text: fires up a cigarette.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: So what you gonna do?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: How many times you gonna ask me
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: It's payback time. Either you
dialog: down or you ain't. Either you
dialog: m'boy or you not. Simple as that.
text: Patrick takes a long moment. The choice is simple. It's
text: the decision that's complicated. He downs his drink.
dialog: Hedges.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Even if I did ride, you ain't got
dialog: nobody but Lip and Lip will get a
text: nigger's ass killed. Quick.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Eastside ain't got no firepower.
dialog: I got some shit, man. AK-47. We
dialog: go in, get out with one spray
dialog: down.
text: Just then Snookie and Sara walk toward them from the
text: dance floor. Something in their faces unsettles Sara but
text: Snookie, oblivious, dances up to the bar, snapping his
text: fingers and bobbing his head.
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: You see us, Patrick?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: 157 CONTINUED: 157
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: (a storm warning)
dialog: You see us, man? We're rappin'.
text: Snookie rebuffs him, keeps talking to Patrick...
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: Me and Sara lit it up! Y-e-o-w!
text: ... bumps his butt against Sarah's hip, does a very
text: ungainly half split. Sara and Patrick exchange smiles.
text: Malakai isn't amused. He flattens Snookie's ass with the
text: business end of his foot. Snookie sprawls flat on his
text: face to the floor. Now Malakai's amused. Sara looks at
text: Patrick. Patrick scowls at Malakai.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: That shit ain't funny.
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: (springing up)
dialog: Damn right it ain't funny.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: I thought you liked it down there.
dialog: That's your specialty, ain't it?
dialog: Crawling?
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: That was a reflex action, man.
dialog: And you just plain rude and wrong
dialog: to bring the shit up in mixed
dialog: company.
text: Sara's not quite sure what they're alluding to but she
text: doesn't want the displeasure of Malakai's company. She
text: taps Patrick.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I gotta get home. Ready?
text: Malakai's eyes slice into her. First Snookie, now this
text: bitch. Steppin' all over his conversation with Patrick.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: No, he ain't ready. He's talkin'.
dialog: To me. A-B conversation. Gotta
dialog: go? C yourself the fuck home.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (a real reflex action)
dialog: Fuck you.
text: Malakai lunges for her. The move is so swift and sudden
text: Patrick overturns his stool to dive between them. He
text: sweeps Sara behind him, into the path of a startled
text: Snookie. Stands there nose-to-nose with Malakai, staring
text: him down, furious with him.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Have you lost your motherfuckin'
dialog: MIND, man? Huh? Have you!
text: Sara, frightened and frozen, doesn't know what to do.
text: Snookie's voice weakly creaks out. He's trying to rise
dialog: to the occasion.
speaker_heading: SNOOKIE
dialog: Patrick, man, c'mon.
text: But Malakai and Patrick stay where they stand. Too close
text: for comfort. Both in the danger zone. Malakai regards
text: Patrick with a combination of cruel anger and deep,
text: genuine hurt.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: You take that bitch's back and
dialog: won't even cover mine?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: 'Cause you wrong, Malakai!
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: No! You wrong. You BEEN wrong.
dialog: You ain't worth shit no more.
dialog: (venomously)
dialog: Get out my face, and take that ho
dialog: with you.
text: Patrick bucks up. Sara walks over to him, gently
text: clutches his sleeve. It's no easier to turn away from
dialog: Malakai than it is to walk away from a lifetime of
text: friendship. But Patrick does. With Sara holding onto
text: his arm, at his side, he turns and walks away.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. STREET - SARA AND PATRICK - NIGHT 158
text: walking. A heavy silence. Sara looks over at him.
text: Patrick doesn't say anything. But after a moment, he
text: reaches down and takes her hand and they walk on like
dialog: this together.
scene_heading: OVER MUSIC (e.g. BUSTA RHYMES' "Dangerous.")
scene_heading: 159 INT. DANCE STUDIO - SARA AND PATRICK - MORNING 159
dialog: Practice her free form, a hip-hop ballet hybrid. They're
text: both tired, irritable, beaten down. They've been there
text: awhile. Sara makes a misstep. Patrick stops. Cold.
text: Sara grits on him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: 159 CONTINUED: 159
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: We should keep going.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You messed up.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I know I messed up. I'll get it
dialog: right the next time.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: No. You gonna get it right now so
dialog: you can do it perfect next time.
text: She glares at him, exasperated. So many things bottled
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I can't work like this. I can't
dialog: dance like this.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Like this. You dictating to me.
text: He crosses the room, CUTS OFF the MUSIC. Looks at her.
text: Sara walks over to a window seat near him. Flops down.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: What's wrong, Sara?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Nothing's wrong.
dialog: (except)
dialog: I can't figure things out.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: What things? The audition? You
dialog: ain't got nothin' to worry about.
dialog: I told you. I'll be there.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Things, Patrick. Things between
dialog: us. Things between us and them.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I didn't know there was a 'them.'
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Well, open your pretty brown eyes,
dialog: look the hell around.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: 159 CONTINUED: 159
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: (he's so nonplussed)
dialog: Everything's screwed up. Nobody
dialog: wants to see us together, not even
dialog: Chenille. I don't know why they
dialog: feel that way. How can I know?
dialog: Maybe they have a point, Patrick.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: They only got a point if you
dialog: believe they got a point, Sara.
text: She looks at him... and loves him... and doesn't know
dialog: what to do.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'm just saying that we should
dialog: think about this, that's all.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: That's a fuckin' 'nough.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Why are you getting mad?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Because I like to think for
dialog: myself, run my own life, and I
dialog: thought you did too.
text: Sara looks at him. Now she's getting mad.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You're never gonna run your own
dialog: life as long as you keep running
dialog: back to Malakai every time he
dialog: fucks up or fucks you over.
text: She's crossed the line. But Patrick responds so
text: deliberately, so calmly prosaic, that she doesn't
dialog: immediately realize it...
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: First of all, Malakai ain't never
dialog: fucked me over. Second of all,
dialog: you don't know him, Sara, what he
dialog: been through. Matter of fact, you
dialog: don't know shit about none of it.
dialog: So don't come off to me like you
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 159 CONTINUED: 159
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I know he's lost, Patrick!
dialog: Everybody but you can see that.
dialog: And if you keep reaching back for
dialog: him, you're gonna wind up lost
dialog: too.
text: ... until he erupts.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Who the fuck are you to say he's
dialog: lost? Malakai had my back when
dialog: you were busy gee-whizzin' in the
dialog: woods with your backward-ass,
dialog: redneck friends.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: They weren't rednecks!
text: Patrick yanks his boombox off the floor, glares at her.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You know what? The hell with you.
text: Sara yells after him. Her VOICE ECHOES in the empty
dialog: studio.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: The hell with you too!
scene_heading: 160 EXT. PATTERSON HIGH - HALLWAY OUTSIDE SARA'S CLASSROOM - 160
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Sara exits, looking pretty much like she feels. Like
text: shit. She walks a few paces. Sees Patrick. Their eyes
text: connect for a brief, awful moment before they continue on
dialog: their respective ways.
scene_heading: 161 INT. PATTERSON HIGH - SARA'S LOCKER/HALLWAY - 161
scene_heading: LATER THAT DAY
text: Sara's at her locker. Patrick walks up to her. She
text: looks at him, tries to smile past the dour expression on
text: his face.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Hi.
text: Patrick doesn't say anything at first. But then:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 161 CONTINUED: 161
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Thought you might need this on
dialog: Saturday. I ain't gonna be able
dialog: to make it.
text: He hands her an audio cassette of her free form music.
text: Sara gazes at it, then up at him, understanding what this
text: means. She won't let him see how it shatters her. He
text: hesitates, as if he wants to say something else. But
text: Sara turns her back on him and Patrick walks away.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - TONI
text: approaching Sara's locker. Having seen the encounter
text: between Patrick and Sara, she's as smug and overbearing
dialog: as ever.
speaker_heading: TONI
dialog: Lovers' quarrel? You're better
dialog: off. That menace to society
dialog: would've broken your heart and
dialog: spent all your money in a news
dialog: flash. Trust me on that, Sara.
text: Sara stares at her, uncomprehending at first. She
text: resists the urge to slap the smile off Toni's face. She
text: gets in it instead.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Toni, listen carefully. You're a
dialog: simple bitch and you don't have
dialog: any friends, black or white,
dialog: because nobody likes a fucking
dialog: asshole.
text: She storms off leaving Toni, for once, speechless.
scene_heading: 162 INT. PATTERSON HIGH - HALLWAY/CAFETERIA - DAY 162
text: Sara. Caught up in a throng of kids and somehow very
text: separate from them. The walls have been transformed into
dialog: veritable billboards for the senior prom -- decorations
text: are everywhere. Sara continues down the hallway almost
text: aimlessly into the...
scene_heading: 163 INT. CAFETERIA - CONTINUOUS ACTION 163
text: Sara. Carrying a food tray, eyes searching for a place
text: to sit. She picks up Chenille and her girls at one
text: table... Nikki and her crew at another... Patrick and
text: Snookie... and, finally, Toni. Sara dumps her food into
text: a trash can, walks out.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: 164 INT. DANCE STUDIO - DAY 164
text: Sara. Alone. She pushes the tape from Patrick into an
text: ancient recorder. The MUSIC COMES ON. She takes to the
text: floor. Her face is like a pinched nerve. She wants to
text: cry. She tries to dance.
scene_heading: 165 INT. SARA'S ROOM - NIGHT 165
text: Sara's on the futon, flipping through a photo album.
text: Pictures of her and Glynn. Roy knocks on the partition.
text: Waits a beat before he comes in. He looks at Sara. She
text: keeps flipping.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: I was wondering... how long you
dialog: plan on hating me? Maybe I'm an
dialog: optimist but I hope there's some
dialog: kind of timetable.
dialog: (this raises a
dialog: small smile)
dialog: Well, I don't wanna bug you. I
dialog: just came in to say good luck.
text: Sara regards him quizzically. Roy goes to her dresser,
text: picks up an envelope from Juilliard.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: I saw the return address. Got
text: curious. It was open. I read it.
dialog: I know I shouldn't have but at
dialog: least now I have an excuse to tell
dialog: you how proud I am of you, Sara.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (quietly miserable)
dialog: I was gonna tell you about the
dialog: audition, Roy. I meant to.
text: She's clutching the photo album. Roy sits down next to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Tomorrow's the big day?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Uh-huh. The big day.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: You bummed out about it?
dialog: (as she shakes
dialog: her head)
dialog: You're a worse liar than I am
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: 165 CONTINUED: 165
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You're not so bad.
dialog: (close to a
dialog: confession)
dialog: I didn't give you much to work
dialog: with. It's not like I've been the
dialog: perfect daughter.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Well, it ain't like I deserve a
dialog: perfect daughter. I screwed up.
dialog: Did everything in a hurry and
dialog: still thought I had all the time
dialog: in the world. To be in love with
dialog: your mother. Be a father to you.
dialog: But time flies. You look up one
dialog: day and all you got to show for
dialog: yourself is a pretty little girl
dialog: who hates your guts and won't talk
dialog: to you because too much time went
dialog: by.
text: Sara's eyes well up. Before she can stop herself, she's
dialog: crying.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't hate you. I miss her. I
dialog: miss Mom...
dialog: (as Roy takes her
text: in his arms, tries
dialog: to console her)
dialog: ... Patrick's pissed at me. I'm
text: pissed at him. He's not coming
dialog: tomorrow and I want him there and
dialog: I don't know what to do.
text: Sara draws back from Roy, wipes her tears. Collects
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: You want him there. I understand
dialog: that. But whatever he brings to
dialog: the table, Patrick can't dance for
dialog: you, Sara. You're the bottom line
dialog: out there. This is your chance to
dialog: be the dancer Juilliard came to
dialog: see.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I wanted somebody there who loves
dialog: me.
text: Roy regards her softly, significantly, the irony
dialog: implicit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: 165 CONTINUED: 165
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: I love you.
text: Sara looks up. For the first time in her life, she
dialog: believes him.
scene_heading: 166 INT. HOSPITAL - I.C.U. WAITING ROOM/CORRIDOR - EVENING 166
text: Patrick's bouncing on his knees, speaking to Arvel's
text: parents, who are clearly stricken. Arvel's father,
text: stoic, holds his wife's hand. Arvel's mother kneads a
text: Kleenex, her face etched with tears. Patrick hugs her.
text: Stands up to see Malakai frozen in the doorway, put off
text: by the palpable grief. Patrick crosses over to him.
text: They retreat quietly into the corridor, their concern for
text: Arvel a shaky ground for conciliation.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Why his mom's cryin' like that?
dialog: Arvel's gonna make it, right?
dialog: That what's his nurse said. She
dialog: told me herself, 'Your friend's
dialog: gonna make it.' Did that bitch
dialog: lie to me! Talk to me, Patrick!
dialog: Is he gone?
text: Patrick steers Malakai away from the waiting room, backs
text: him against a wall and, in a gentle but firm way, holds
dialog: him there.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: They just got bad news, man. They
dialog: don't need to hear it again.
dialog: (trying to be
dialog: strong; faltering)
dialog: Arvel's fightin'. He's gonna pull
dialog: through. Thing is, when he does,
dialog: they don't think... he ain't...
dialog: shit. Arvel ain't gonna walk
dialog: again.
text: In that moment, whatever's left of Malakai's soul
text: crumbles. He looks at Patrick with aggrieved disbelief
dialog: and then a building anger. A stronger man would probably
dialog: cry.
text: Patrick eases his grip. Malakai straightens his body,
text: cocks his head slightly. Studies Patrick in this
text: crooked, derisive way.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: I got a good reason now, man?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: 166 CONTINUED: 166
speaker_heading: MALAKAI (CONT'D)
dialog: (off Patrick's silence)
dialog: Aw'ight, college boy. You do what
dialog: you think is the right thing.
dialog: I'ma do what I know is the only
dialog: thing.
text: He starts to walk off, doesn't get far before Patrick
dialog: calls out.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Malakai...
dialog: (a fleeting hesitation)
dialog: ... When it's on, I'll be there.
scene_heading: 167 EXT. PLAYGROUND (O'DONNELL HEIGHTS PARK) - DAY 167
text: Groups of children scatter around worn-out playground
text: equipment. The gleeful squeal of them is everywhere.
text: Patrick guides Christopher down a slide; Chenille catches
dialog: him at the bottom. Christopher can't get enough of this
text: ride and Patrick and Chenille repeat the routine
text: throughout their conversation.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Why you so quiet?
dialog: (off Patrick's
dialog: brooding look)
dialog: Patrick Reynolds ain't got nothin'
dialog: to say? That's a first.
dialog: (catches her son
dialog: with a whee!; then)
dialog: You know how I go off on folks
dialog: sometimes. I mean it and then I
dialog: don't mean it. Like what I said
dialog: to Sara. Guess she told you.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (monotone)
dialog: I don't care what you said,
dialog: Chenille.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Patrick. Your ass is on your back
dialog: and your lips are on the ground.
dialog: You care, baby brother. And not
dialog: just about what I said.
text: (as he looks at her)
dialog: You seriously like Sara. She got
dialog: a serious jones for you. Am I
dialog: lyin'?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: 167 CONTINUED: 167
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: It's besides the point. Whatever
dialog: point it is you tryin' to make.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: I'm sayin' you can't help who you
dialog: love, Patrick. At least you found
dialog: somebody who loves you back.
text: Patrick regards Chenille impassively. Hands Christopher
dialog: to her.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I gotta go.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: To where? To who? Malakai?
dialog: (sucks her teeth)
dialog: You ain't through with that fool
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: He's not a fool, Chenille.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: No. You know what? You're the
dialog: fool, Patrick. You think you let
dialog: Malakai down and all you did was
dialog: try to pull yourself up. Ain't no
dialog: blame or shame in that.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (very low; a broken smile)
dialog: I still gotta go. Check you
dialog: later.
text: Holding Christopher, Chenille watches Patrick walk out of
text: the playground. Disappear. She and Christopher move on
text: to a seesaw. Chenille bobs him up and down on one end of
text: it. She's snuggling in Christopher's face when the other
text: end suddenly drops to the ground. Chenille looks up.
dialog: Sees Kenny.
scene_heading: 168 EXT. PLAYGROUND - SWINGS - CHENILLE AND KENNY - LATER 168
text: They're side by side on swings. Christopher's nestled
text: against Kenny's chest, soundly snoozing. They slowly
dialog: swing throughout.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: It cut me, what you said.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: 168 CONTINUED: 168
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: (means this)
dialog: I shouldn't have... I was
dialog: trippin'.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: You always trip. I'm used to
dialog: that. Besides, you were right.
dialog: You were wrong, too. So was I. I
dialog: need to do better. Ain't no doubt
dialog: about that.
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: I know I come down on you hard
dialog: about money, but I would rather
dialog: you spend the time. Seriously.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: (jokingly)
dialog: So you don't want any money?
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: I didn't say all that.
text: He smiles. Gently rubs Christopher's brow. Looks at
text: her. Chenille smiles at him.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I love my son, Chenille. You know
dialog: that, don't you?
speaker_heading: CHENILLE
dialog: Yeah. I always knew that.
scene_heading: 169 EXT. BALTIMORE SCHOOL OF PERFORMING ARTS - ESTABLISHING 169
scene_heading: SHOT - SATURDAY EVENING
text: of the building, the downtown skyline, etc.
scene_heading: 170 INT. BALTIMORE SCHOOL OF PERFORMING ARTS - AUDITORIUM - 170
speaker_heading: SAME TIME
text: The house lights are on. Several seats in the front row
text: are taken up by judges for Juilliard. Further back are
text: the families and friends of other dancers. PUSH IN and
text: FAVOR Roy among them.
scene_heading: 171 INT. BACKSTAGE AREA - SARA 171
text: Warming up, other dancers, all in costume, around her.
text: Her eyes wander from the clock to the stage door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: 171 CONTINUED: 171
text: A sign on it reads: "JUILLIARD SCHOOL OF DANCE -
text: BALTIMORE AUDITIONS." She stares at it, fingers the
text: clover leaf necklace with an unsettling sense of deja vu.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - WOMAN
text: with a PINCE-NEZ with a clipboard, navigating among the
text: dancers with a clipboard. She calls out:
speaker_heading: PINCE-NEZ
dialog: Johnson. Sara Johnson...
scene_heading: 172 EXT. STREET (O'DONNELL HEIGHTS) - NIGHT 172
text: Patrick's waiting on the sidewalk. Malakai pulls up in
text: Tute's BMW. Lip's in the backseat. Patrick gets into
text: the car. It takes off down the street.
scene_heading: 173 EXT./INT. STREET - BMW - DRIVING - NIGHT 173
text: RAP MUSIC blasts ON the RADIO. No one in the car is
text: saying anything. Malakai has a "40" between his legs.
text: He sips from it, passes it to Patrick. Patrick takes a
text: short swig, passes it back to Lip. As he does this, a
text: set of keys fall out of his jacket into his lap. Patrick
text: picks them up. Looks at the key chain, his present from
text: Sara. He looks at Malakai.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Pull over.
text: (as Malakai glances at
dialog: him, not understanding)
dialog: This ain't helpin' nobody, 'Kai.
dialog: I'm out. I mean it. Stop the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: LIP
dialog: Awww, shit. Here we go.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: (furious)
dialog: What you mean you out? You think
dialog: I'ma let your punk ass bail on me
dialog: again?
text: Patrick starts to open the door. Malakai speeds up. The
text: CAR CAREENS down the street, SQUEALS around corners.
text: Finally comes to a red light. Stops. Patrick starts to
text: open the door. Malakai grabs him by the jacket. Pulls
text: his gun. Patrick looks at Malakai and now he sees him.
text: Sees that he's lost and desperate... and dangerous.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: 173 CONTINUED: 173
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: What you gonna do, 'Kai? You
dialog: gonna shoot me? Go ahead! You'll
dialog: have to!
speaker_heading: LIP
dialog: Let him out! We don't need him.
speaker_heading: MALAKAI
dialog: Shut the fuck up.
text: Patrick jerks himself loose. Opens the door. Malakai
text: cocks the gun. Patrick's face flinches at the sound of
text: it. He can feel it trained on his back as he gets out
dialog: the car. But Malakai can't do it. Wouldn't do it. He
text: takes off like a bat out of hell.
scene_heading: 174 EXT. STREET 174
text: Patrick heads down the street. As he walks, he can hear
text: the sound of GUNFIRE behind him, and then the sound like
text: an EXPLOSION. A CAR HORN goes off in a persistent drone.
text: Patrick stops. Stands there for a moment. Then he's
text: walking again. Without looking back. And then he's
text: running away from the mayhem behind him.
scene_heading: 175 EXT. STREET - SAME TIME 175
text: The BMW's tangled around a street lamp. Inside Malakai
text: slumps over the steering wheel, a bullet through his
dialog: head.
scene_heading: 176 INT. BALTIMORE SCHOOL OF PERFORMING ARTS - AUDITORIUM - 176
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Pince-Nez leads Sara to the stage. Announces her.
text: Sara walks onstage.
text: She nods down at the judges, looks out into the audience.
text: Her eyes anxiously search for Patrick... hoping. Her
text: MUSIC begins.
text: Grieg's Peer Gynt (Morning). Sara starts to sway, moving
text: like an angel through the soft cloud of this music. Her
dialog: line, proportion and balance are impeccable.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: 176 CONTINUED: 176
text: Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake (Tanz der Schwane) begins and
text: Sara slowly blossoms, opening herself up to the music
text: like a flower. She completes every turn and twist and
text: leap with confidence, energy and persuasion. She is
dialog: doing what a dancer should do -- engaging the audience,
text: igniting their imagination, drawing them in.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - JUDGES
text: perking up, taking notes, attentive to her.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: finishes with a flawless arabesque. Looks out.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - JUDGES
text: One of the more imperious-appearing JUDGES removes his
text: glasses, speaks to her. Sara's still trying to catch her
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: STERN JUDGE
dialog: You prepared a free-form?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yes... sir... they have... my
dialog: music.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Does it have a theme?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yes. Emo...
dialog: (clears her throat)
dialog: Emotion.
text: The Judge turns around, shouts to someone we can't see:
speaker_heading: STERN JUDGE
text: Cue Johnson's music.
text: MUSIC UP: A remix of hip-hop (e.g., LAURYN'S HILL'S doo
text: wop; NAS'S "We Will Survive" and JAY Z's latest) and
text: snatches of CLASSICAL.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: stands there. Doesn't move. Can't. She finally walks
text: up to the edge of the stage. Looks down at the judges,
text: her eyes filled with trepidation. Her voice is a shaky
dialog: whisper.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: 176 CONTINUED: 176
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'm sorry. I wasn't ready. Can
dialog: you start it over again?
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: The Judge waving off the MUSIC. It STOPS. He regards
text: Sara impatiently.
speaker_heading: STERN JUDGE
dialog: Are you ready now?
text: Before she can respond, Patrick's voice booms from the
text: back of the auditorium.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (O.S.)
dialog: Yes, sir. She's ready.
text: ANGLE WIDENS to reveal him coming forward. Rushing for
text: the stage. He pauses at the apron of it. Looks up at
text: Sara. She peers down at him, astounded. Shaken. He
text: smiles at her. She smiles back. Patrick's eyes softly
dialog: take her in.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You can do it.
dialog: (because)
dialog: Ain't nobody watchin' you but me.
text: Sara's eyes focus on him. She nods. Turns to the
dialog: judges.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'm ready.
text: As her MUSIC cues up, Patrick slowly backs away from the
dialog: stage.
text: Sara begins to dance.
text: She starts out strong and gets stronger. Every emotion
dialog: she feels, every experience she's had, comes to life in a
dialog: way that we've never seen before, not even when she was
text: practicing with Patrick. Her body has finally found a
dialog: way to get inside this kind of music, to elevate its
dialog: meaning and transform her dance.
text: The MUSIC ENDS. The lights go up.
text: Sara stands in the middle of the stage breathless,
text: sweating. She lifts her head slowly and the ANGLE WIDENS
dialog: to reveal --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: 176 CONTINUED: 176
text: Patrick letting out a giant whoop...
text: The judges react and the audience gasps...
text: ... as he bounds onto the stage and...
text: Roy jumps to his feet. Proudly and loudly clapping.
dialog: Just like Glynn.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SARA
text: overwhelmed beyond belief. Patrick's coming toward her.
text: She flies into his arms, free and happy, overjoyed. But
dialog: the triumph of her performance and the sheer bliss of the
text: moment are transcended by something deeper and clearer,
dialog: which is her love for Patrick.
speaker_heading: JUDGES
dialog: struggling to maintain their and the proceeding's
text: decorum, since the audience, caught up in the throes of
text: this excitement, has begun to loudly, enthusiastically
dialog: react.
speaker_heading: STERN JUDGE
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, please!
dialog: (to Patrick)
dialog: Young man! Get off the stage.
text: WIDER to reveal the room.
text: Patrick hugging Sara, looks down at the judges.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: All due respect, if ya'll don't
dialog: let this girl in, you're crazy!
text: Sara pulls Patrick back. Walks alone to the edge of the
text: stage, composed and professional again. She regards the
text: judges with a beaming resolve and a ballerina's curtsy,
dialog: then simply says:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Thank you. Very much.
speaker_heading: STERN JUDGE
dialog: Ms. Johnson!
text: Sara stops. Turns back to him. The Judge smiles.
speaker_heading: STERN JUDGE
dialog: I can't say this on the record --
dialog: yet. But welcome to Juilliard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: 176 CONTINUED: 176
speaker_heading: SARA'S FACE
text: lovely and radiant as it breaks into a cheek-to-cheek
text: smile. WIDER as she walks slowly, deliberately back to
text: Patrick. Stops. Looks at him. Just looks. And then
text: she throws her arms around his neck, kissing and hugging
text: him. Emotional. Patrick swings her into the air, twirls
dialog: her around and around, as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 177 INT. HOTEL BALLROOM - SENIOR PROM - NIGHT 177
text: OVER SLOW MUSIC (possible theme song):
text: Sara (in a gown) and Patrick (in a tux). Dancing (as if
text: they had danced from the last FRAME INTO this one). They
dialog: are beautiful.
text: WIDER to reveal the entire dance floor...
dialog: And we see that it's the senior prom.
text: The room's dressed up like a dreamy, futuristic romantic
text: illusion. The ceiling's ablaze with tiny, star-like
text: lights; under them large poufs of cotton clouds hang.
text: Glittering, mirrored balls dangle over the main floor.
text: Seniors dance in traditional and cutting edge tuxes and
text: mouth-watering, eye-popping versions of dresses and
text: gowns. CAMERA PANS the floor, PICKING UP:
text: A surprisingly dashing Snookie and the fly girl. As they
text: dance, he bravely but rather too abruptly dips her...
text: Diggy (in a glitter tuxedo and spiked hair) and her
dialog: date...
dialog: Nikki with whom we shall perceive to be the Howard
text: University guy. In any event, he looks slightly bored.
text: Chenille with Kenny, smiles at Sara as she and Patrick
dialog: dance by.
text: CAMERA FAVORS and PUSHES IN ON...
text: Sara and Patrick. Gazing at each other. The SONG ENDS
text: with them in each other's arms.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
