dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE ASSIGNMENT
dialog: 
dialog: Written by
dialog: Dan Gordon &amp; Sabi H. Shabtai
speaker_heading: 7/2/1996
speaker_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOT - EXTREME CLOSE - UP - COBBLESTONES - PARIS -
scene_heading: EARLY MORNING
scene_heading: TITLE SEQUENCE BEGINS
text: We OPEN with the screen filled with a dark gray, cut down
text: the middle by a black crevice. We should be unsure of what
dialog: we are looking at. Is it the surface of the moon or some
text: primeval canyon covered in volcanic ash? Just then a liquid
text: with a yellowish tinge finds its way down through the crevice
text: and further divides the screen in two, like a river border
dialog: dividing East from West perhaps.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK AND UP to reveal that the dark gray gulch
text: filled the screen was in fact two paving stones on a Parisian
text: street and the yellowish river that ran down the middle of
text: the stones comes in two tiny streams that lead to two little
text: boys, who are peeing on the pavement, laughing at their
text: mischief. The boys are twins. They wear backpacks and are
text: set to go off to school. Just then we HEAR the voice of a
text: WOMAN shouting in French (with English subtitles).
speaker_heading: FRENCH WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: What do you think you're going?! You
dialog: ought to be ashamed behaving like
dialog: that!
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK AND UP to reveal ever more scenes of life
text: on this particular street. The woman shouts at the children
text: from her window and the children run off. At the corner,
text: fresh bread is being delivered to a sidewalk cafe, as chairs
text: are set out at tables by white aproned waiters who are
text: preparing for their morning clientele.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK AND UP to reveal a taxi driver arguing
text: with a deliver man as a husband kisses his wife goodbye and
text: set off for work as we continue pulling back and across the
text: city over Montmartre, picking up an argument between two
text: drivers here, fresh bread being delivered to a cafe over
text: there. Chairs are being set up at sidewalk tables as the
text: city awakens and we float across Montmartre into a small
text: residential quarter. Husbands kiss wives who send school
text: children on their way as TITLES CONTINUE and the city comes
text: more and more to life and we hover across a small square
text: just up from the Place de la Opera, not far from the Boulevard
text: Saint Germain-des-Pres, with Montmartre in the b.g. The square
text: has a sidewalk cafe with tables extending out onto a peninsula
text: of pavement that stretches to the foot of a small hotel,
text: whose shuttered windows overlook the square. As we pull back
text: and back over the small square, we literally...
speaker_heading: SFX SHOT
text: ...Pull backwards through the slats of the shutter, going
text: from an aerial shot, being sucked in through the semi-closed
text: shutters into a hotel room where we continue ever so slowly,
text: pulling back.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - PARIS - EARLY MORNING
dialog: The first thing we SEE in this shot which should appear
text: seamless in its one continuous motion transition from the
text: preceding scene, is a spider-web. We are TIGHT on the web in
text: which a still-living insect struggles against his silky bonds.
text: The web begins to tremble as from up above the spider drops,
text: spinning thread lowering itself down on this latest victim,
text: soon to be lunch. As the spider makes this journey we become
text: aware in the b.g. of the panting sounds of lovemaking. It is
text: a woman's breathless sighs and gasps we hear, but under that,
text: perhaps a man's voice, perhaps not. The sounds build to a
text: climax as the camera continues to pull back until it discovers
text: the glistening body of a beautiful young Parisian woman in
text: post-coital dewy Nirvana. Then, the figure of a nude man in
text: silhouette enters frame and crosses over to the shuttered
text: window. His face and body are half-lit by the slats of light
text: that penetrate from the world outside the hotel room. He
text: lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - CLOSE ON THE MAN
text: whom we will come to know as CARLOS. He lights the cigarette
text: and takes a thirsty drag sucking the smoke deep into his
text: lungs, glancing out at the street and alternately at the
text: spider who tiptoes down to her prey. He watches the spider
text: envelop the still-living victim with her spindly legs. Then
text: he takes another drag on the cigarette and the ash glows
text: bright, a burning ember which he touches ever so slowly to
text: the spider's body. It sizzles.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (whispering to the
dialog: burnt spider)
dialog: You lose...
text: He looks out through the shutters at the digital clock across
text: the square. Then he glances back at the girl whom we will
text: call COLETTE. The conversation is in French with English
text: subtitles.
speaker_heading: COLETTE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: I mean get out.
speaker_heading: COLETTE
dialog: You're a pig, you know that? How can
dialog: you be like that?
text: Carlos crosses to her slowly. He runs his hand across her
text: cheek, then down across her throat. Death is in his eyes.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (barely above a whisper)
dialog: Leave without saying another word.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - HOTEL - DAY
text: Carlos stands in front of the mirror. The mirror is cracked
text: and in it we see the fractured face of Carlos staring back
text: at us from opposite sides of the cracked glass. He wears
text: surgical gloves. From a make up kit by the side of the sink
text: he removes a piece of false hair and spirit gum as TITLES
speaker_heading: CONTINUE.
text: A. Carlos affixes a John Lennon mustache.
text: B. Carlos puts on a brown wig of moderately longish hair
dialog: such as one might have seen on a student in Paris in the
dialog: early seventies.
text: C. Carlos puts on a pair of John Lennon granny glasses and
text: the student look is complete.
text: D. Carlos stands in front of a full length mirror in jeans
text: and a blue work shirt over which he puts a worn grey jacket.
text: He now looks every inch the young French student dressing
text: down to look like one of the proletariat.
speaker_heading: END OF TITLES
text: E. Carlos takes an M26 hand grenade and puts it into an inside
text: pocket of his coat. He puts a machine pistol and snaps its
text: ammo clip into it and puts it in his student's shoulder bag
text: and then takes a Walther PPK and places it in his jeans at
text: the small of his back. All the while that he is doing these
text: things he sings: "ALL YOU NEED IS LOVE."
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: All you need is love...
dialog: Rum da, da da da
dialog: All you need is love
dialog: Rum da da da da
dialog: All you need is lo-ve
dialog: Love is all you need.
dialog: Love is all you need.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSED: Paris, September 15, 1974.
scene_heading: EXT. / INT. SIDEWALK CAFE - DAY
text: It's a hot Sunday afternoon and the complex of shops and a
text: cafe in St. Germain-des-Pres is bustling with young clientele.
text: Inside the cafe, there is a second floor with a balustrade
text: overlooking the tables inside. Outside, there are tables set
text: up on the sidewalk.
text: JACK SHAW, a tall, husky American in his late thirties, sits
text: at one of the front tables outside. He reads the International
text: Herald Tribune. The headline is, "Terrorists Seize Embassy,
text: Issue Demands And Threaten Attacks." Jack sips his espresso.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CARLOS
text: dressed as in preceding scene. He enters. Just then Jack
text: looks up and sees him. For an instant, Carlos looks at Jack,
text: tenses just slightly. Jack looks back at his paper paying no
text: attention. Carlos pulls out a cigarette, pats his pockets
text: for a light. Then he crosses to Jack.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Pardon monsieur...
text: He mimes flicking a match and Jack looks for a match. He's
text: out. He offers the lit end of his cigarette. Carlos cups
text: Jack's hand.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Merci.
text: He crosses away from Jack, smiling and goes inside the cafe.
text: Jack follows him absentmindedly, tracking his progress through
text: the windows, though his view is obscured somewhat by
text: reflections of the street. Carlos steps casually to the
text: railing overlooking the tables inside as Jack sees the double
text: image of Carlos and the reflected street scene. Carlos leans
text: over, pulls the pin from an M26 grenade, and lets the "spoon"
text: come off in his hand. We HEAR the timing fuse hiss as Carlos
text: nonchalantly counts to himself.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (counting)
dialog: One thousand one... one thousand
dialog: two... one thousand three...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - JACK
text: He looks up just in time to see Carlos drop the grenade
text: casually into the crowd below. Their eyes lock for a beat;
text: then Carlos smiles, turns and bounds away. Jack's eyes widen
text: in horror. He gets up, about to cry out a warning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: the crowd below as the grenade EXPLODES, filling the air
text: with smoke and flying glass, its metal ripping through flesh
text: and bone. People are wounded, bloody and writhing in pain
text: and screaming in panic.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JACK
text: disheveled, covered with the shattered glass of the window,
text: but not but not seriously hurt, he struggles to his feet. He
text: looks around for Carlos who has vanished, now realizing who
text: he was. As he looks around, he sees a SMALL BOY staring at
text: his left arm with heart-rending disbelief.
text: The boy has no hand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK CAFE - PARIS - DAY
text: There are throngs of ambulances, police and military
text: personnel, wounded survivors are being tended to. All is
text: confusion and off in a corner we SEE Jack, standing with a
text: man in a suit. The man's name is DU FOLTIERE. He shows Jack
dialog: an I.D.
speaker_heading: DU FOLTIERE
dialog: Du Foltiere, Monsieur, intelligence
dialog: liaison officer. DST. My understanding
dialog: is that you are the Deputy Chief of
dialog: Station, CIA, Paris, and that you
dialog: witnessed by coincidence this attack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: DU FOLTIERE
dialog: And you have told my subordinate
dialog: that you recognized the terrorist as
dialog: Carlos?
text: Du Foltiere pulls out a small notebook to take notes.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's not what I told him. I said
dialog: he recognized me. Afterwards I
dialog: realized who he was. By then it was
dialog: too late.
speaker_heading: DU FOLTIERE
dialog: (writing in his
dialog: notebook)
dialog: Ah yes... The deputy chief of station
dialog: did not recognize him... But he
dialog: recognized you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I wasn't the one wearing the disguise.
speaker_heading: DU FOLTIERE
dialog: Yes of course... But then how are
dialog: you sure it was him?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How often do you see someone holding
text: a live grenade listening to the fuse?
dialog: Besides, the arrogant son of a bitch
dialog: bastard smiled at me.
scene_heading: EXT. INT. OPEC HQ - DAY
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSED: Vienna, December 21, 1975
text: It's a cold Sunday morning with a light snow just beginning
text: to fall when SIX YOUNG MEN and ONE WOMAN enter the
dialog: headquarters of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
text: Countries -- a modern, seven-story block of concrete and
text: glass. They all carry Adidas sport bags over their shoulders.
text: Their leader, Carlos, with dark beret and sunglasses, sports
text: a long white raincoat -- the kind that was very much in
text: fashion that winter. Next to him is KOJ, a Japanese terrorist
dialog: and his most trusted Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I shot the sheriff...
dialog: But I did not shoot the deputy...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - THIRD FLOOR
text: At a long oval table TWELVE OIL MINISTERS. Miniature national
text: flags in chromium holders in front of them. Behind, sitting
text: or standing, the SECRETARIES, ADVISERS, INTERPRETERS AND
scene_heading: BODYGUARDS.
scene_heading: VENEZUELAN OIL MINISTER
dialog: ...Obviously some of the members are
dialog: exploiting the oil price differentials
dialog: as a loophole... This body has been
dialog: very precise in its policy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL - GROUND FLOOR
text: The group with the Adidas sport bags approaches the reception
text: desk. Carlos -- moustache, sideburns, and wispy beard in
text: reddish brown -- smiles politely at the female RECEPTIONIST.
text: Behind the reception desk are two circular staircases which
text: wind their way up to an elevator that is visible behind the
text: railing at the top of the landing. There is what appears to
text: be a security man standing at that elevator with an earpiece
text: and tell-tale bulge under his jacket.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Pardon me. Is the conference still
dialog: in progress?
text: Smiling back, the ash-blonde receptionist nods.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Yes, but sir...
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (in German)
dialog: I have an urdent delivery for the
dialog: ministers.
text: As if on urgent business, Carlos quickly heads up the flight
text: of stairs before the security man who stands next to the
text: receptionist can react. The security man speaks quickly into
text: his walkie talkie.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - THE LANDING
text: by the elevator at the top of the stairs. Carlos bounds up
text: the stairs and pushes the elevator button. The Security Man
text: near the elevator listens intently to what is being said in
text: his earpiece and he steps forward to challenge Carlos. Carlos
text: smiles at him and whips out a 9mm. silenced Beretta and fires
text: two shots right between the Security Man's eyes. He falls
text: over the railing and lands face up on the console in front
text: of the terrified receptionist. Carlos leans over the rail in
text: one move and fires two shots into the upturned face of the
text: Security Man who stands next to the shocked receptionist.
text: The receptionist screams.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
scene_heading: NIGERIAN OIL MINISTER
dialog: (angry)
dialog: I protest the unfound charges of the
dialog: oil minister from Venezuela. We do
dialog: not use, nor intend to use, the lower
dialog: gradings to capture more of the market --
text: His words are cut short when the door is kicked open, and
text: Carlos strides in.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (brandishing his
dialog: automatic)
scene_heading: EVERYONE FREEZE!
text: Everyone frantically hits the floor. That is, with the
text: exception of TWO BODYGUARDS. They try for their weapons. A
text: short burst from Carlos' Beretta machine pistol which is
text: pulled from the inside of his trenchcoat brings them to the
text: floor. This weapon is not silenced, but deafening. Just then
text: Koj enters the room from the corridor.
speaker_heading: KOJ
dialog: We've got company.
text: Suddenly, there's the sound of INTENSE GUNFIRE coming from
dialog: the corridor.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON - CARLOS
text: He reaches into his trenchcoat and pulls out a pocket-sized
text: Chinese RGD5 grenade. He yanks the pin, lets the spoon fly,
text: listens to the fuse hiss, counts quite calmly and then tosses
text: the live grenade to Koj who catches it and in one movement
text: tosses it out the door. A loud sound of GRENADE EXPLOSION,
text: and plaster powders those glued to the floor. GASPS OF TERROR.
text: But the gunfire outside ceases.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: My name is Carlos. You'll do as I
dialog: say.
text: His smile is cunning, mocking, and... familiar.
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA AIRPORT - SNOWSTORM - MAGIC HOUR
text: We SEE an Air France jet liner touch down on the runway.
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA AIRPORT - SNOWSTORM - MAGIC HOUR
text: Jack comes down the steps of the just-landed jet. The blizzard
text: whips around his face as he walks down the stair unit and
text: onto the tarmac, pulling his overcoat up around him.
scene_heading: EXT. AMERICAN EMBASSY, VIENNA - SNOWSTORM - MAGIC HOUR -
speaker_heading: EST.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - AMERICAN EMBASSY - VIENNA - NIGHT
text: Behind the desk is CARL MICKENS, the CIA Station Chief --
text: tall, angular, cropped grey hair. He is in mid-conversation
text: with Jack Shaw who sits opposite him, his overcoat over the
text: arm of the chair in which he sits. He has obviously just
dialog: come from the airport.
speaker_heading: MICKENA
dialog: ...Twenty million dollars ransom.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who's asking for it?
speaker_heading: MICKENA
dialog: "The Arm of the Arab Revolution."
dialog: Alias of the month time.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Could be anybody. The point is...
dialog: their leader claims to be Carlos...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He does, does he?
speaker_heading: MICKENA
dialog: He wants to make sure everyone knows
dialog: it's him. He wants the credit and
dialog: the Austrians want a positive ID.
dialog: That's when your name came up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who brought my name up?
speaker_heading: MICKENA
dialog: The guy who says he's Carlos. The
dialog: Austrians want you there to identify
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MICKENA
text: At the airport. Tomorrow. When they
dialog: provide the plane to fly him and the
dialog: hostages to Libya. Carlos evidently
dialog: feels very comfortable in Libya.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They got him here in their own
dialog: backyard and they're gonna let him
dialog: walk away?!
speaker_heading: MICKENA
dialog: They've got no choice, Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Bullshit! Let 'em handle it like the
dialog: Israelis would.
speaker_heading: MICKENA
dialog: They're not the Israelis Jack. It's
dialog: not their fight.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then let me take him out! They want
dialog: me to meet him at the airport. I can
dialog: get close enough to get a clear shot
dialog: at him. We can end this shit now.
speaker_heading: MICKENA
dialog: Jack! He's got seventy hostages.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Fuck the hostages!
text: Mickens looks at him almost in horror. Jack knows he has let
text: down too much of the mask of professionalism as it were.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (apologetically)
dialog: Harold, we can handle it with a
dialog: minimum loss of life.
speaker_heading: MICKENA
dialog: We will handle it with no loss of
dialog: life. Those aren't just any hostages.
dialog: They are the oil ministers of the
dialog: richest countries in the world, and
dialog: that twenty million bucks they're
dialog: gonna have to pay isn't gonna break
dialog: 'em you know. It's nothing to them.
dialog: They just want to pay it and... it's
dialog: not our fight.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you think Carlos is gonna do
dialog: with that money? Put it in mutual
dialog: funds? He'll use it to hit us. Let
dialog: me assemble a team and we can...
speaker_heading: MICKENA
dialog: Jack goddamnit, there isn't any team
dialog: to assemble! You're a fuckin'
dialog: dinosaur. We're out of the
dialog: assassination business. All of us!
dialog: You got a personal hard on against
dialog: this guy because he made you look
dialog: like an asshole and now he's gonna
dialog: rub your nose in it. I can appreciate
dialog: your feelings, but it's not going
dialog: down on our soil. It is not with our
dialog: nationals and it is not our fight!
dialog: Now I got my orders and you just got
dialog: yours.
scene_heading: INT. VIENNA INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - VIENNA - NIGHT
text: Carl, Jack and various other CIA functionaries walk quickly
text: down the corridor with Austrian police and intelligence
text: officers. Jack carries a briefcase as do they all.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - JACK
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I gotta hit the john.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM - VIENNA INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - NIGHT
text: Jack stands inside of a stall in the men's room. He has just
text: crossed a certain frontier in his mind and stepped in to the
text: area known as no man's land. He quickly takes off his overcoat
text: and jacket and we SEE attached to his arm a harness made up
text: of straps and springs. He opens his briefcase and attaches
text: to the harness a .32 caliber Beretta. He fumbles with the
text: adjustments, racing against time. Finally, he seems to have
text: adjusted everything just so. Then he lowers his arm to his
text: side. Then he raises the right arm as if shaking hands and
text: the harness slams the .32 caliber Beretta from his forearm
text: straight into his palm.
text: He resets the gun back into the forearm position. He has a
text: look of grim determination on his face. The only question
dialog: is, is it the look of someone who is crazy enough to do what
text: he is contemplating.
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - BLIZZARD - NIGHT
text: On the tarmac, an Austrian Airways DC9. TV cameras, lights,
text: generators are set up in front of the plane, sending beams
text: and pools of yellow light into the darkness and the snow
text: which swirls all around as a pool of REPORTERS stands ready
text: to record whatever is about to go down. Among a small group
text: of OFFICIALS is Jack Shaw. Everyone's eyes are on an
text: approaching yellow curtained bus.
speaker_heading: ON BUS
text: As it gets closer, we can detect through its windshield a
text: white raincoat and a black beret. Carlos is standing by the
text: driver with a machine-pistol in one hand and a grenade in
dialog: the other.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - JACK
text: His eyes strain to get a better look at the terrorist, his
text: arm down at his side.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: As the bus parks by the DC 9, Carlos jumps out and waves to
text: the media. Not the customary V-sign, but the wave of a
text: celebrity... The hostages then, under their captors' guns,
text: file compliantly out of the bus and onto the plane. A line
text: of exhausted, bleary-eyed middle-aged men in expensive suits
text: and in need of a shave. Carlos however, is as fresh, alert
dialog: and energetic as the morning of the attack. And he's
text: definitely savoring the moment.
speaker_heading: ON JACK
text: Tense, he tries to be inconspicuous as he leans towards
dialog: Mickens.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I think it's him, but I can't be
dialog: sure. Not with those dark glasses
dialog: and the beard...
speaker_heading: ON CARLOS
text: Everyone on board, he too climbs the mobile steps and
text: disappears into the plane. Suddenly, he reemerges and comes
text: down to where the officials and Jack stand. As Jack watches
text: him intently, he faces the MINISTER OF THE INTERIOR. In the
text: window of the plane we SEE Koj holding a grenade to the
text: pilot's head.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CARLOS
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Minister of the Interior, I
dialog: presume...?
text: The distinguished-looking man, who looks a bit like Kurt
text: Waldheim, nods.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: I'm sorry this had to happen in
dialog: Austria. We have no quarrel with
dialog: your government.
text: His eye catching Jack, he stops in mid-sentence. A devilish
text: smile crosses his lips as he turns towards him. He pulls a
text: cigarette out and crosses right over to Jack, up close and
text: as they say, very personal. The snowflakes whirl
text: surrealistically around them as the two stand face to face.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Pardon monsieur...
text: He mimes flicking a match. He takes off his glasses and looks
text: at Jack and smiles.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: We were never really properly
dialog: introduced Mister Shaw. My name is
dialog: Carlos.
text: With a cunning, mocking smile he extends his hand out to
text: shake Jack's. Jack stares at him, ever so slowly beginning
text: to raise his hand. With that move he knows the gun will come
text: slapping into his palm and he will be able to take Carlos
dialog: out no matter what the cost.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Eat shit and die slow.
text: His hand starts rising. In another second the gun will spring
text: into it. Just then we hear:
speaker_heading: MICKENA (O.S.)
dialog: Jack, no!
text: Jack turns to look at Mickens. Mickens indicates the
dialog: photographers.
speaker_heading: MICKENA
dialog: You don't want your picture taken
text: shaking his hand.
text: Jack is momentarily confused. He has turned to Mickens
text: thinking perhaps he was calling out a warning and now the
text: moment for the shot has passed. He turns back to Carlos who
text: shrugs and steps over to the Austrian minister so that the
text: Minister now is between Jack and Carlos and the shot is lost.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (to the minister)
dialog: As I was saying, I'm sorry about the
dialog: loss of life. And thank you for your
dialog: cooperation.
text: Once again he sticks out his hand. Only this time, as the
text: cameras roll, Austria's Minister of the Interior shakes the
dialog: hand of the archterrorist in what will go down in history as
dialog: the "handshake of shame."
speaker_heading: ON JACK
text: His eyes tell it all.
scene_heading: EXT. JERUSALEM - WESTERN WALL - DAY
text: We begin with an ESTABLISHING SHOT of Al Aksa Mosque and the
dialog: Mosque of Omar in Jerusalem. These are the two most famous
text: landmarks in Jerusalem's Old City skyline.
scene_heading: OVER THIS WE SUPER:
scene_heading: JERUSALEM - AUGUST
text: CAMERA then pans and tilts down and we are above the Western
text: Wall looking down on the bobbing black hats of Hassidic Jews,
text: the knitted skullcaps of more modern Orthodox, here and there
text: the olive shirt of Army uniform with M16 or Galil assault
text: rifle that sways in prayer as well.
speaker_heading: CROSS DISSOLVE:
text: To the Jerusalem stone paving stones that make up the square
text: in front of the wall as we glide across the intersecting
text: lines of paving stones set one next to the other until a
text: glowing cigarette comes into view and then a foot which
dialog: crushes it out. There should be something in this sequence
text: that is reminiscent of our opening, a foreboding that just
text: as the cracks in the Parisian paving stones led us to Carlos
dialog: once before, perhaps these new stones will lead us once again
dialog: to some act of terror.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: to reveal a man standing in silhouette, the man who has just
text: crushed out the cigarette. We cannot see his face because he
text: has a camera to his eye.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - POV THROUGH THE CAMERA LENS
text: Through the lens of the camera just established we SEE an
text: old Rabbi praying at the wall. CLICK! The shutter captures
dialog: the shot.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: The man in silhouette now lowers the camera and we SEE that
dialog: he is CARLOS! There is no mistake even though the nose,
dialog: perhaps is a little different and this time he is clean-
text: shaven, it is still Carlos the Jackals. He smiles slightly.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH OF THE HOLY SEPULCHRE
text: Busy photographing it, Carlos doesn't seem to notice the TWO
text: ARABS who watch him surreptitiously. He walks in front of
text: soldiers who laugh and look at us POV Carlos.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Carlos reaches into his pocket. Is he perhaps going for a
dialog: grenade to toss at these soldiers? We build tension as he
text: pulls out instead, another roll of film and with great
text: determination, we have the CLICK of the door of the camera
dialog: to enhance our music beat as tension builds. Surely it can't
dialog: be long till Carlos does something awful.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSLEM QUARTER - DAY
text: Carlos walks towards the Suq, working his way through the
text: crown from the Damascus gate as we reveal more soldiers in
text: the foreground, surveilling the area.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSLEM QUARTER - DAY
text: From the POV of the two Arabs following him, we SEE Carlos
text: lost, or pretending to be, as he ambles along through the
text: Suq, past all sorts of vendors hawking their wares. Heads of
text: fish are cut off with the swift slash of a knife in one stall,
text: freshly skinned lambs hang by their feet in another. Carlos,
text: still looking lost, approaches a street vendor hawking rosary
text: beads. We SEE them talk but cannot hear their dialogue.
text: Carlos walks on.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSLEM QUARTER - DAY
text: A group of children play an impromptu game of soccer.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - SAME SCENE - POV CARLOS THROUGH CAMERA LENS
dialog: We watch these innocent children playing. If this was a gun
dialog: sight they'd be dead. CLICK!
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: It is Carlos who has taken the picture. His smile at the
text: sight of the children is no longer a subtle one. There is
dialog: some secret enjoyment here.
text: It's then, that he notices the Two Arabs tailing him.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON - CARLOS
text: He frowns.
dialog: Now what happens can be interpreted in one of two ways. Carlos
text: takes a turn down an alleyway that has at first a shop or
text: two, and then is nothing but deserted and foreboding alley.
text: He is either trying to shake the two Arabs or he has just
text: entered every tourist's nightmare: a deserted alley in a
text: foreign country with two bad guys. He quickens his pace. The
text: Arabs do too. Carlos now knows they're after him and he takes
text: off running.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSLEM QUARTER - DAY - CHASE SEQUENCE ANGLE
text: So do the two Arabs. Only now there are THREE MORE ARABS
text: coming after him.
speaker_heading: MOVING
text: A tense, desperate CHASE in the Moslem Quarter's labyrinth
text: of twisted alleys and narrow streets. When his Arab pursuers
text: lose sight of him briefly, Carlos takes something out of his
text: pocket, some sort of ID and throws it in an alleyway.
scene_heading: EXT. SUQ - JERUSALEM - DAY
text: Carlos races through the Suq, past a group of Arabs who begin
text: heeding the call to prayer. They roll out prayer mats and
text: begin acclaiming in Arabic that there is only one God and
text: Mohammed is his prophet. Carlos grabs one of the canvas
text: awnings that shade the alleyways and this cafe. He rips it
text: off, trying to make an obstacle course between him and his
text: pursuers. He overturns trays of olives, sacks of sunflower
dialog: seeds, anything he can get his hands on.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Carlos runs headlong into a copper serving platter that is
text: hanging on display. He is disoriented, terrified, and then
text: seemingly from out of nowhere, he is tackled, grabbed by the
text: Arabs and dragged to a dark alley between two stores. Carlos
text: is overcome and brought down to the ground. One of the Arabs
text: evidently has a deep dislike for Carlos and though Carlos is
text: subdued, he kicks the shit out of him.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. WINDOWLESS CELL - DAY
dialog: This room is your worst nightmare in the Middle East. It
dialog: could be a cellar suite in Beirut, or an interrogation cell
dialog: in Damascus. There is no way of knowing. It is simply an
text: empty room with a large metal ring embedded into the floor,
text: to which Carlos is shackled. Battered and badly bruised,
text: he's obviously in great pain. The room's metal door SCREECHES
text: as it opens slowly and a new man whom we will call AMOS
text: enters. With him are two of the Arabs we've seen earlier.
text: They're bareheaded now, without their kaffiyehs.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: (accented English)
dialog: How do you feel?
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (broken English)
dialog: I do not speak English.
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Yo soy Cubano... de Cuba... Castro...
dialog: Su amigos... Amigos... Entiende?
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: You spoke English well enough to
dialog: your contact... the street vendor...
dialog: so please let's not play games. We're
dialog: both professionals, Carlos.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (with heavy Cuban
dialog: accent)
dialog: My name... Ramirez... no Carlos.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Yes, I know what your name is...
dialog: Illich Ramirez...
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: No Illich.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Alias Carlos Sanchez, alias Carlos
dialog: Martinez, alias The Jackal.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (with heavy Cuban
dialog: accent)
dialog: Jou're loco man... No Carlos... I am
dialog: tourist...
text: Amos swoops down and with one hand pulls Carlos by the hair
text: over across his knee with his throat up and other hand in a
text: hammer lock. Amos brings his face down to Carlos.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Listen to me you piece of shit. I'm
dialog: trying very hard to be professional
dialog: about this but you are in Israeli
dialog: hands now... So don't play games
dialog: with me... entiende hombre?
text: Carlos whose neck is stretched back like a goose about to be
text: slaughtered can barely croak out an answer.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Okay.
text: Amos loosens his grasp and straightens up. Carlos winces in
text: pain from broken ribs. As he speaks it is now unaccented
text: English, just the slightest trace of Spanish background.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: You... You're telling me you're
dialog: Israelis... not Arabs?
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: I'm in some kind of an Israeli
dialog: prison... is that what you're telling
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Amazing how much your English has
dialog: improved in just a few seconds...
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (trying to be very
dialog: reasonable)
dialog: Look, obviously there has been some
dialog: kind of mistake. I don't know who
dialog: you think I am, but I am a Lieutenant
dialog: Commander in the United States Navy,
dialog: okay? I am Lieutenant Commander
dialog: Annibal Ramirez of the U.S.S.
text: Yorktown, Sixth Fleet, docked in
dialog: Haifa. I am not Carlos or Sanchez or
dialog: Illich or the Jackal or whoever you
dialog: think you just caught. If you call
dialog: the U.S. Embassy and ask for the
dialog: Sixth Fleet Liaison Officer, he'll
dialog: confirm everything I've said.
text: He is not pushy, just firm and decisive.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Remarkable... remarkable
dialog: performance... the chutzpa of it is
dialog: unbelievable... my hat is off to you
dialog: Carlos.
text: Carlos, who from now on out will be referred to by his real
dialog: name, RAMIREZ, has had it with the reasoned approach. He now
text: adopts the demeanor of a U.S. Naval Officer reaming an
text: enlisted man a brand new bunghole.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Your hat's off?! I'll tear your head
dialog: off! You get on the horn and you
dialog: call the U.S. Embassy and you call
dialog: the Sixth Fleet Liaison Office and
dialog: then motherfucker you go out and
dialog: find yourself a good lawyer and I'll
dialog: tell you somethin' Jack, I'm gonna
dialog: sue your ass so bad that your great
dialog: great grandchildren will still be
dialog: shovelin' shit to pay off the debt!
text: Amos is doing his best to look unflappable.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Carlos... give me a break, huh? If
dialog: you were an American officer you
dialog: would have... ID papers, dog tags.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I ditched 'em in an alley just before
dialog: you guys got me. Go back there you'll
dialog: find 'em.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: You ditched them.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Per instructions... An American
dialog: officer on shore leave in the Middle
dialog: East must travel in mufti, civilian
text: clothes. A bunch of Arabs start
dialog: chasing me... could be terrorism...
dialog: could be kidnapping... instructions
dialog: are to ditch our tags, our ID or
dialog: anything else that could identify
dialog: us. That's why I spoke Spanish, that's
dialog: why I said I was a Cuban, not an
dialog: American. And you broke my ribs here
dialog: asshole. I'm gonna sue you, I'm gonna
dialog: sue your government... I'm gonna sue
dialog: every fuckin' Jew I can get my hands
dialog: on you, understand me?!
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE RAMIREZ'S CELL - RUSSIAN COMPOUND -DAY
text: Amos walks down the corridor. For the first time, he looks
text: the tiniest bit concerned.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (shouting after him)
dialog: I'm gonna sue Menachem Begin, I'm
dialog: gonna sue Moshe Dayan, I'm gonna sue
dialog: the goddamned B'nai B'rith or whatever
dialog: you call it.
scene_heading: INT. AMOS' OFFICE - JERUSALEM - DAY
text: Amos sits in his office looking very worried. A long-haired
text: baby-faced agent comes in. He could pass for a typical student
text: traveling on holiday. His name is YONI.
speaker_heading: YONI
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Yoni... I want you to go back to the
dialog: old city... where we caught...
dialog: Carlos... I want you to be very
dialog: inconspicuous. Take a half dozen
dialog: men... you comb every alleyway
dialog: there... every garbage can...
dialog: everything you can find... for what
text: looks like a U.S. military ID if
dialog: there is such a thing there.
speaker_heading: YONI
dialog: What's the problem?
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Who said there was a problem? There's
dialog: no problem. I just asked you to do
dialog: something and you're going to do it.
dialog: So there's no problem.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY OF OLD CITY JERUSALEM - DAY
text: Yoni and half a dozen plainclothed Shin Bet agents walk
text: through the alley looking around. Yoni is dressed like a
text: long-haired backpacking student; others dressed like Arabs,
text: others like tourists. As inconspicuously as possible, they
text: search alleys and trash cans like the homeless searching for
dialog: food.
scene_heading: INT. AMOS' OFFICE - JERUSALEM
text: Amos sits at his desk. Just then Yoni walks in. Amos looks
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Nu?
text: Yoni puts a U.S. Navy ID complete with photo and a set of
text: military dog tags on Amos' desk.
scene_heading: ANGLE - CLOSE ON THE ID
text: It identifies its bearer as Lt. Commander Annibal Ramirez
text: U.S.N. There is a picture of Ramirez in the upper corner of
text: the ID in uniform.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON AMOS
text: He holds the ID and then sits back in his chair defeated and
text: lets out a very Jewish sigh.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Oyyyy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CIA HEADQUARTERS - TERRORISM SITUATION ROOM - DAY
text: This is a high-tech, ultra modern chrome and glass room which
text: features a map of the world etched in plexiglass with
text: terrorist hot-spots marked prominently. On the glass as well
text: is the logo of the CIA. In this Situation Room we find WINSTON
text: SCOTT III, a 50-year-old pin-striped suiter who appears to
text: be amused. With him is Monroe, his Black deputy and Jack. In
text: front of Jack, spread out on the desk is a file on Ramirez.
text: We SEE it as Jack does. Notes on the interrogation, Polaroid
text: photos of Ramirez in custory and the developed pictures from
text: the roll of film which Ramirez was taking in Jerusalem. Jack
text: listens to Scott and Monroe, but as he does he is taking in
text: all the information in Ramirez's file, making no judgments,
dialog: just taking in information.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I love it! Those cocky Israeli
dialog: bastards thought they hit the jackpot.
dialog: Got the Jackal right in their own
dialog: backyard...
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: State Department's goin' apeshit.
dialog: And the Navy... Admiral Trost was so
text: pissed he was ready to shell the
dialog: port of Haifa.
text: Jack, however, isn't sniggering. He's thinking hard as he
text: looks at all the information on the desk.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're not gettin' it are ya?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: These weren't some yokels... This
dialog: was the Israeli General Security
dialog: Service... The Mossad. The best in
dialog: the business. They have the most
dialog: complete dossier there is on Carlos,
dialog: the latest pictures of him...
dialog: everything. I mean what's that tell
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: That they really ate it this time.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Scott... doesn't it hurt to walk
dialog: around like that with your head up
dialog: your ass... I mean isn't it painful?
text: His eyes glance down to the pictures, especially the photos
text: of the children. Something begins to click.
scene_heading: EXT. NORFOLK, VA - DAY
scene_heading: SUPER: NORFOLK, VIRGINIA
scene_heading: EXT. T-BALL FIELD - NORFOLK, VA - DAY
dialog: Almost nothing is as cute as 3 foot 5 inch 6-year-olds
text: struggling to play the most elementary form of baseball, T-
dialog: ball.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - 6 - YEAR-OLD JOEY RAMIREZ
text: He is the first baseman and he is intent upon the batter who
text: stands at the T.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - THE PARENTS
text: cheering their kids on. Amongst them we recognize MAURA,
text: Annibal Ramirez's wife, who is cheering for her son's team.
text: She holds a ten month old baby as she cheers.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: on Annibal Ramirez, resplendent in his summer whites, his
text: face still showing the faintest remnants of bruises at the
text: hands of the Israelis. He holds his sea bag in his hand.
text: There is a waiting taxi behind him as he strides over towards
dialog: the baseball diamond.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - JOEY
text: He sees his father just as the batter hits the ball.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Poppi!
text: The pitcher scoops the grounder up and tosses it to Joey
text: whose eyes however have lit up at the sight of his sailor
text: father home from the sea so the ball hits him in the side of
text: the head and he goes down. Ramirez wants to rush out to his
text: son, but Joey straightens himself up quickly, not wanting to
dialog: be embarrassed by an over-protective parent.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - MAURA AND RAMIREZ
text: Maura has followed her son's gaze at Ramirez and feels no
text: embarrassment whatsoever as she runs into his arms, still
text: holding her baby. She kisses him.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: I thought you weren't coming back
dialog: till tomorrow...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I wanted to be here for his game.
dialog: Look how beautiful she is!
text: He picks up the baby and kisses her.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Just like her mother.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: What happened to your eye?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Nothing. Just fell. It doesn't matter.
dialog: I'm home.
scene_heading: EXT. RAMIREZ'S HOUSE - NORFOLK - A MONTH LATER - DAY
text: It's a stucco, single-level structure in a clean, middle
text: income neighborhood. Jack Shaw pulls up, crosses out of his
text: car and knocks on the door. The door opens revealing Ramirez
text: in a T-shirt and pair of sweats. Jack looks at his face, the
text: unmistakable face of Carlos.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Joey watch Yolanda... okay?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Lieutenant Commander Ramirez my name
dialog: is Jack Shaw... I'm with the
dialog: government... I'd like to talk to
dialog: you about what happened in Israel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RAMIREZ HOUSE - BACKYARD - NORFOLK - DAY
scene_heading: ANGLE - CLOSE ON
text: the barbeque's coals which burst into flame as fluid and
dialog: then match are applied. OVER this we hear
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I want to sue them, okay? I want to
dialog: sue the guy who broke my ribs. I
dialog: want to sue their government and
dialog: their Mossad... and I want to sue
dialog: Golda Meir!
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - ON JACK AND RAMIREZ
text: They stand at the barbeque as Joey plays shooting hoops.
text: Ramirez holds Yolanda. Ramirez and Jack speak quietly.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mrs. Meir is dead, Lieutenant
dialog: Commander.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Then you might want to have them dig
dialog: her up because I intend to sue her.
text: Jack chuckles.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Commander Ramirez when I said I was
dialog: from the government, perhaps I should
dialog: have been more specific. I'm from
dialog: the CIA.
text: Jack reaches down, opens his briefcase and pulls out a large
text: photo album-like briefing book. He opens it up and hands it
text: to Ramirez. On the first page there is an 8×10 enlargement
text: of a photo of Carlos entering a building. It is grainy but
text: it certainly looks exactly like Ramirez.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Does the man in that picture look
dialog: familiar?
text: Ramirez looks at the picture with the same look on his face
dialog: that Jack had when he saw Ramirez for the first time.
speaker_heading: YOLANDA
dialog: Poppi...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: That's not me... I mean I know it
dialog: looks like me... but...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I know it's not you.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: It's... this Carlos guy.
text: Just then, Joey yells from the tree he's in. Jack
text: automatically hides the picture as if the kid were from a
dialog: rival intelligence agency.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Poppi, you don't need to watch the
dialog: fire, come climb with me.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Get out of that tree, Joey. Your
dialog: mother sees that and I'm dead.
text: Now when Jack speaks it is more guarded and in even quieter
dialog: tones.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is the only recent shot we have
dialog: of him... telescopic lens from half
text: a mile away taken by the Israelis.
dialog: Can you blame 'em for what happened?
dialog: The only difference is the eyes.
text: Ramirez looks at the picture in shock at the resemblance.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Okay I get it now, you're here to
dialog: talk me out of my lawsuit. But see I
dialog: identified myself but they kept me
dialog: in that cell for two more days chained
dialog: to that wall after I told 'em who I
dialog: was so...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Lieutenant Commander, I am not here
dialog: about your lawsuit. Carlos is the
dialog: single most vicious terrorist in the
dialog: world. He's personally carried out
dialog: or masterminded the worst terrorist
dialog: attacks in modern history. Men, women,
dialog: children. Children like yours...
text: blown to bits or slaughtered in cold
dialog: blood. Annibal... why did you join
dialog: the Navy?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (as if by rote)
dialog: To serve my country.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: To serve your country... to protect
dialog: her from her enemies. Well Carlos is
dialog: one of her enemies now. And he'll
dialog: probably become a bigger one...
dialog: terrorism... unfortunately is a growth
dialog: industry.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Why are you telling me all this?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Lieutenant Commander, the governments
dialog: of most countries in the free world
dialog: have been after Carlos for ten years
dialog: and we have nothing to show for it.
dialog: There is exactly one person in the
dialog: world who can help us get Carlos.
dialog: And that person is you.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What do you mean... to get him?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: All I can tell you is it may take as
dialog: much as six months to a year of
dialog: preparation. It will involve a high
dialog: degree of risk. That much said, you
dialog: may never as much as lay eyes on him
dialog: yourself. But if we succeed Carlos
dialog: won't be a threat to anyone anymore.
dialog: Now I know you're going to need some
dialog: time to think about it so...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: No I don't need any time. The answer's
dialog: no.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Annibal...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Lieutenant Commander... I am a Naval
dialog: Officer... that's what I was trained
dialog: for... that's what I'm good at...
dialog: See you came to the wrong address.
dialog: You want James Bond. He lives in
dialog: London and he's got an Aston Martin.
dialog: You can't miss him.
text: We HOLD on Ramirez's look and Jack's half-smile.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICERS' CLUB - NAVAL BASE - NORFOLK - EVENING
text: The Officers' Club is decked out for a reception for ADMIRAL
text: CRAWFORD. All the officers are in dress whites and all the
text: wives wear white gloves and cocktail dresses as a Navy string
text: quartet plays softly in b.g. There is a reception line and
text: the Admiral stands with his aide who introduces each of the
text: guests who pass through the line.
speaker_heading: NAVAL AIDE
dialog: Admiral Crawford this is Commander
dialog: and Mrs. Ward Scowcroft.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: I know your family well, Commander,
dialog: I was with your father at the Academy.
dialog: I expect great things from you Ward...
dialog: great things.
speaker_heading: SCOWCROFT
dialog: I won't let you down sir.
text: Next up are Ramirez and his wife Maura.
speaker_heading: NAVAL AIDE
dialog: Admiral Crawford this is Lieutenant
dialog: Commander and Mrs. Annibal Ramirez.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Annabelle?!
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: It's Annibal sir.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Yes... of course... well ... I'm
dialog: glad to see we're getting some Mexican
dialog: American officers in the ranks. I'm
dialog: an L.A. boy myself so I have a real
dialog: soft spot for authentic Mexican
dialog: food... My stomach doesn't always go
dialog: along with it but...
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: We'd love to have you over to dinner
dialog: Admiral but the cuisine would be
dialog: Cuban not Mexican. I think your
dialog: stomach would find it more
dialog: agreeable... not to mention your
dialog: taste buds.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: You're Cuban Americans... oh I'm
dialog: sorry... you grow up in L.A. and you
dialog: hear Ramirez and... anyway it was a
dialog: pleasure meeting you.
text: He looks uncomfortably over to his aide who gently keeps the
text: line moving. CAMERA FOLLOWS ANNIBAL AND MAURA DOWN THE
text: RECEPTION LINE. There in front of them is Jack in a white
dialog: linen suit.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We do keep bumping into each other
dialog: don't we. How do you do, Mrs. Ramirez?
dialog: I was over at your lovely home the
dialog: other day but I felt cheated because
dialog: I had to leave before I had the
dialog: pleasure of meeting you.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: The pleasure is mine...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Para servirle, Yo soy encantado de
dialog: conocerte.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Encantada Senor...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Shaw... Jack Shaw.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Senor Shaw. Mucho gusto.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: My wife speaks English Mister Shaw...
dialog: so do I.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Perdonname, I didn't think you'd be
dialog: embarrassed to speak Spanish in front
dialog: of the Admiral. A sus ordenes.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: THE BAR - Ramirez stands at the bar.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: I'll have a club soda and... uhh...
dialog: a glass of white wine please...
text: Jack steps up behind him. Jack holds a small wrapped package.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Let me guess the white wine is for
dialog: your wife right? Cause you're afraid
dialog: to drink anything stronger than club
dialog: soda around the brass. How do you
dialog: stand this shit Annibal? I mean
dialog: they're all so fuckin' constipated.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: My wife is waiting for her wine...
dialog: if you'll excuse me.
text: Jack stands in front of him blocking his way.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Oh there's a fiery retort.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: How about fuck you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'd believe it if you said it a little
dialog: louder...
text: Ramirez controls his anger which is starting to show through
text: in the bulging veins.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look at these guys. You don't belong
dialog: with them. You belong with me. What
dialog: did Darth Vader say to Luke? Come
dialog: over to the dark side? You have no
dialog: idea of the power we have.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Hey... I told you I didn't want
dialog: anything to do with you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How's it going to look in your jacket?
dialog: Your country came to you requesting
dialog: help and you turned it down. Not
dialog: exactly promotion material, know
dialog: what I mean? These people don't want
dialog: you in their club, Annibal. I do.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: The answer is no. That's the end of
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT. RAMIREZ HOUSE - DAY
text: We open on a shot of the front door. The doorbell is rung
text: and the door opens after a beat, revealing Ramirez. We don't
text: yet see who is at the door.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Oh Jesus... what do you want?
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Revealing it is Jack who is at the door.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I want you to come with me.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Well then get set for disappointment.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay. Then you are ordered to come
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: You can't order me to do shit.
text: Just then the cellular phone which Jack holds rings. Jack
text: smiles and holds out the phone to Ramirez.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's for you.
text: Ramirez takes the phone, totally faked out. He presses the
text: "send" button and gingerly says...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (into Cell phone)
dialog: Hello... who? Oh... yes sir... Yes
dialog: sir... Yes sir... Yes sir. I will...
dialog: yes sir.
text: We HOLD for a beat on Ramirez's look at Jack who stands there
text: unable to keep from smiling.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BETHESDA NAVAL HOSPITAL - DAY
text: A helicopter lands in its air ambulance spot outside the
text: Emergency Room entrance of Bethesda Naval Hospital. Out step
text: Ramirez and Jack. They cross over to the hospital entrance.
text: We SEE a sign on the wall identifying this as BETHESDA NAVAL
scene_heading: HOSPITAL - EMERGENCY ROOM ENTRANCE.
scene_heading: INT. BETHESDA NAVAL HOSPITAL - DOCTOR'S LOUNGE - DAY
text: Jack is there with Ramirez. He hands Ramirez a white lab
text: coat and puts one on himself. Ramirez's coat has a tag he
text: doesn't even notice, which says: DR. RAMIREZ on it.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Put it on.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Because I just told you to. You need
dialog: a phone call for that, too?
text: Ramirez resignedly puts the coat on.
scene_heading: INT. BETHESDA NAVAL HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Jack and Ramirez walk down the corridor.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The boy was flown here from Germany.
dialog: His parents are U.S. military
text: personnel. Navy family. A bomb was
text: planted in a grocery store that was
dialog: frequented mainly by U.S. military
dialog: dependents. They believe it was Carlos
dialog: or one of the Cells he runs. How old
dialog: is your kid?
text: This last is asked almost as an afterthought.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: He's six.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hmmph... so is this kid.
scene_heading: INT. INTENSIVE CARE - HOSPITAL - DAY
text: In the hospital bed is a six-year-old swathed in bandages.
text: The child is pitiful with IVs sticking in him and tubes
text: running underneath the bandages, and a heart monitor beeping
text: weakly above him. His parents sit next to his bed. The father
text: wears the khaki uniform of a Naval Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: ON Jack and Ramirez. They watch this scene through the little
text: window in the door and then they enter the room.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: The parents turn to them as they enter. The parents wear the
dialog: look all parents wear in their children's hospital rooms at
text: the signt of the doctor who may be able to save their child's
text: life. A look of hope. A look of desperation.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Hello Doctor Shaw. Is this... Is
dialog: this the Specialist you told us about?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Doctor Ramirez, Lieutenant and Mrs.
dialog: Newcomb... the parents of the child
dialog: who was wounded in the terrorist
dialog: attack.
text: Ramirez's eyes dart in panic from Jack to the Newcombs. They
text: stick out their hands. Finally, he offers his.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You're the one who's going to do the
dialog: surgery.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He's going to help out.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: They told us you were the best person
dialog: in the world to do this.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He's the only one.
text: Jack turns to Ramirez.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Here's the boy's chart, Doctor. As
dialog: you can see, one kidney was destroyed
text: by the shrapnel. There's a large
dialog: perforation in the left lung, the
dialog: spleen, the large intestine, the
text: stomach lining were all torn. There
text: are over a hundred individual shrapnel
dialog: fragments. It was obviously designed
dialog: by Carlos to maim, not to kill.
text: HOLD on Ramirez's look of helplessness which turns to anger.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Ramirez and Jack walk down the corridor. Ramirez is tearing
text: off the lab coat.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What kind of a sadistic son of a
dialog: bitch are you? You use those poor
dialog: people... you use anything to get
dialog: what you want.
text: Jack reaches into the large pocket of his lab coat and pulls
text: out a small photo album, the kind families use to put in the
text: 3×5 photos of their vacations. He puts it into Ramirez's
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: To get what I want?
text: He hands him the photo album.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: These are pictures of just some of
text: Carlos' victims. Most of them are
dialog: children. We haven't had time to get
dialog: that kid's picture in yet. Up until
dialog: I heard about you, all we could do
dialog: about Carlos was take pictures of
dialog: his victims. I wasn't lying to those
dialog: people. You are the only one who can
dialog: do anything about Carlos. I'm not
dialog: the bad guy, Annibal. Carlos is. I'm
dialog: just trying to make you see the
dialog: choices.
text: Ramirez is still too angry to speak.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who are you angry at? Me for bringing
dialog: you down here or Carlos for blowing
dialog: up that kid? Which of us deserves
dialog: your anger?
scene_heading: INT. RAMIREZ HOUSE - STUDY - NIGHT
text: Ramirez sits at his desk looking at the presentation book
text: Jack gave him. The study is a reflection of the man, Navy
text: pennants, photos, ships in bottles, family photographs. He
text: is very much at home in this sanctuary.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
text: Photos of victims. Bloodied children, women, men, each
text: atrocity labeled with the place of the attack and number of
text: dead and wounded.
text: Just then there is a knock at the door. Ramirez closes the
text: book and covers it with a newspaper as his wife Maura enters
text: wearing a very sexy teddy with a short robe over it, giving
text: off the promise of a wonderful night of conjugal bliss.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I was just reading some... manuals...
text: She bends down and kisses his neck.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Read 'em on the Navy's time... this
dialog: is my time...
text: She sits into his lap, they kiss and the robe slips down off
text: her shoulders. He kisses her more passionately now.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN'S ROOM - RAMIREZ HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ramirez enters. He is wearing a robe, having just gotten up
text: out of bed. It is perhaps, one in the morning. Joey is asleep,
text: holding a stuffed animal. The baby is asleep in her crib
text: looking like a little angel. Ramirez pulls the cover up on
text: the baby and pats her gently so as not to wake her and then
text: bends down and kisses his son.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW LONDON, CONNECTICUT - SUBMARINE BASE - DAY
scene_heading: WE SUPER THE WORDS: "NOVEMBER, 1986"
text: Ramirez pulls up in a car with his wife and two children. He
text: is wearing his khaki uniform and carries a sea bag. He
text: embraces Maura.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: You'll see... it'll go by fast.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Not fast enough.
text: Ramirez bends down to hug Joey.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: You take care of Mommy, okay?
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: But why do you have to go?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Well they're finally giving me my
dialog: chance to go into subs... that's
dialog: what I've always wanted you know...
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: New color subs...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Nuclear...
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Is there going to be a war, Poppi?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Not if I can help it.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Then why do you need to go away?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Because sometimes countries need
dialog: soldiers and sailors to be on guard
dialog: so there won't be a war... So all
dialog: the little children like you and
dialog: baby Yolanda will be safe.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Why can't somebody else's Daddy go
dialog: on the sub and you could stay here
dialog: and go to my games?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Because I'm the one they asked and
dialog: I'm the one who knows how to do the
dialog: job.
text: He kisses Joey, stands up and kisses Maura and the baby she
text: holds and walks past the guard gate, showing his ID as his
text: wife and children wave.
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL SHOT - MONTREAL, CANADA - DAY
text: Montreal is an island in the middle of the St. Lawrence. It
text: is a city part way up a mountain, Mount Royale. We TRACK a
text: car as it drives up out of the city, up the mountain to of
text: all places, a cemetery which sits at the foot of a deserted
text: prison that looms above it. The cemetery like the prison is
text: deserted. There can be no more desolate place than a graveyard
text: full of long-dead prisoners whose prison has long since been
dialog: shut down.
text: WE SUPER THE FOLLOWING WORDS: TEMPORARY CIA SAFE HOUSE -
speaker_heading: MONTREAL, CANADA
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD LEADING TO CEMETERY - DAY
text: We SEE Jack's car with him and Ramirez in it driving into
text: the cemetery. As it does, it crosses in front of a video
text: camera inconspicuously placed in a tree.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY TO ABANDONED PRISON - MONTREAL - DAY
text: A camera mounted atop a light fixture pans with Jack's car
text: all the way up to the prison entrance. Signs on the prison
text: proclaim that it is closed and that trespassing is forbidden.
text: As Jack pulls up at the prison, a plainclothed operative
text: comes out and as Ramirez and Jack pull Ramirez's bag out of
text: the car, the operative slips into the driver's side and whisks
text: it away. The ground around the area is full of snow that has
text: not been plowed so the look of desertion is complete.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - MONTREAL - DAY
text: There is an observation tower in the middle of the room which
text: has become home to the pigeons who now flap noisily out of
text: it as Jack crosses with Ramirez. The place has the look of
text: an impromptu military encampment in a bombed out wreck of a
text: building. In the observation room are several nondescript
text: types. Jack shows Ramirez in.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: This is an ad hoc operation set up
dialog: specifically for your mission. When
text: that's over, not even a trace of it
dialog: will remain. You don't need to know
dialog: anyone's name. And from now on, your
dialog: name is Miguel... Security.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: So your name really isn't Jack Shaw?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Of course it is.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - OFF OBSERVATION ROOM - DAY
text: Jack walks Ramirez down the corridor. They pass the
text: Surveillance Room, the small cell with its satellite dish
dialog: and single computer terminal and operator established earlier
text: as Technician #1. From here, cables snake their way along
text: everywhere. The place has the look of a mobile high-tech spy
text: station that just happens to be set up in a former prison.
text: Ramirez looks around. The idea of being in a prison is
text: obviously uncomfortable for him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Your mother is Irish... Irish
dialog: American.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Something wrong, Miguel?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: ...No... not really.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Your father was in a Cuban prison if
dialog: I'm correct.
text: Ramirez turns and looks at him in surprise.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Your mother used to take you to visit
dialog: him there, didn't she?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm sure that's a disturbing memory.
text: He looks Ramirez straight in the eyes.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: You didn't set this up in a prison
dialog: because it was the first piece of
dialog: real estate you were shown, did you,
dialog: sir?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Let's just say everything has its
dialog: purpose. And Miguel... no one is to
dialog: know anything about you other than
dialog: that you're our student. So don't
dialog: call me sir, because it's like wearing
dialog: a sign on your forehead that you're
dialog: military. From here on out forget
dialog: the Navy.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Yes sir... Gotcha...
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND ROOM - ABANDONED PRISON - DAY
text: Jack and Ramirez walk along until they come to a site which
text: could as easily be in a space station on the dark side of
text: the moon. There in the middle of a huge room looms a plastic
text: enshrouded satellite tracking system. The plastic hangs down
text: from the roof encapsulating this area to protect all of the
text: state of the art computer equipment from the dust. Inside
text: this plastic shrouded space we SEE technicians at monitors
text: which display every approach to the prison as well as monitors
text: which display the surveillance images transmitted back via
dialog: satellite.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is our surveillance and satellite
dialog: tracking center. Just as we are
dialog: plotting to destroy Carlos, if he
dialog: knew what we're trying to do, I assure
dialog: you he'd try to find a way to kill
dialog: us first.
scene_heading: INT. PLASTIC COVERED COMMAND CENTER - ABANDONED PRISON -DAY
text: Jack pushes through the plastic shroud into a command center-
text: like room. He and Ramirez enter. This place is high-tech,
text: computers and neon lighting.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Carlos has two main safe houses. One
dialog: in Libya, one in East Germany. We
dialog: have satellites that pass over each
dialog: one three times a day. Unfortunately,
dialog: the Russians know exactly when our
dialog: satellites are in position so we
dialog: have to assume that Carlos knows as
dialog: well.
text: They cross over to the satellite tracking monitors which
text: display both the Libyan and East German safe houses. Sitting
text: in front of one of the monitors is Amos, typing controls
text: into the satellite tracking system.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: There's one person I want you to
dialog: meet, though I think the two of you
dialog: have already been introduced.
text: Amos now turns and comes around to Ramirez.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Hello Miguel... My name is Amos.
text: Ramirez stares at him.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Oh yeah... I didn't recognize you
text: without my foot chained to the floor.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: I hope there are no hard feelings.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: There are a lot of hard feelings.
dialog: And I'm still gonna sue you when
text: this is over.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Miguel, this is a combined Israeli-
dialog: American operation. Amos here knows
dialog: Carlos better than anyone in the
dialog: free world. He was the one who took
dialog: that picture of Carlos in Libya.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: If you could get a picture of him
dialog: why didn't you just kill him?
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Don't let all this equipment fool
dialog: you. Carlos still has the home court
dialog: advantage. He has the best protection
dialog: in the world... three layers at least
dialog: at all times. Next and maybe most
dialog: important... Carlos himself. The
dialog: French DST came to arrest him once.
text: He was at his apartment, drunk,
text: playing his guitar. He actually had
dialog: them convinced it was all a mistake.
dialog: Then he went into his bathroom, took
dialog: a shave mind you so he would look
dialog: his best for the interrogation and
dialog: when he came out managed to shoot
text: each of them through the forehead.
dialog: Then he got the informer who had
text: betrayed him, put him down on his
dialog: knees and killed him... Think of it.
dialog: He took a shave and didn't even nick
dialog: himself once.
text: Amos is quiet, lets that sink in.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Finally, there are political
dialog: realities. Whoever hits Carlos has
dialog: to realize that he'll unleash against
text: himself a fanatical wave of terrorist
dialog: activity in retribution.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That by the way, is the last question
dialog: you're going to ask. From now on
dialog: you'll get information when and how
dialog: we want you to get it. Not before.
dialog: You don't ask questions, you just do
dialog: what you're told.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - MONTREAL - SUNSET
text: Amos, Jack and Ramirez walk amongst the tombstones. Jack and
text: Amos have warm coats. Ramirez does not. He shivers in the
text: cold, but tries not to show his discomfort.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: This is going to be unlike any
dialog: learning experience you've ever had
dialog: before. For one thing, we're going
dialog: to push to all your limits. Fatigue,
dialog: frustration and fear. We're going to
dialog: make you more terrified than you've
dialog: ever been in your life just to see
dialog: how you handle the fear. Any other
dialog: learning experience you get things
dialog: ninety- nine point nine nine nine
dialog: percent right you get an "A." Here
dialog: if you get things ninety-nine point
dialog: nine nine nine percent right... you
dialog: get...
text: Jack walks right up to Ramirez and mimes a gun with his thumb
text: and index finger and puts it right up to Ramirez's temple
dialog: and goes...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Dead! And I'll tell you the truth. I
dialog: honestly in my heart of hearts don't
dialog: care whether you live or die. Don't
dialog: take that personal. I don't care
dialog: whether I live or die. I do care
dialog: about getting Carlos. That's all I
dialog: care about.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: But nothing personal, right?
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: I'm not as cold-blooded as my American
dialog: friend... it would bother me very
dialog: much if you were dead... so we will
dialog: teach you to stay alive... but no
dialog: questions... just do. Otherwise...
text: He puts the imaginary gun to Ramirez's temple.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: When do we start?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You already have. What were the names
dialog: on the last three tombstones you
dialog: passed on your right?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I... I don't know, I wasn't looking.
dialog: I wasn't paying attention.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's what will get you killed.
dialog: Carlos is always looking... always
dialog: paying attention. Always.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Because Carlos is the master of the
dialog: techniques of survival which we will
dialog: teach you and because he is an
dialog: efficient killer for whoever employs
dialog: him, then for him there are simply
dialog: no rules. Unlike you Miguel, you're
dialog: a rule follower, aren't you?
text: Ramirez says nothing.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Carlos is the opposite of that and
dialog: that's what's so seductive, you know?
dialog: He can kill whomever he chooses...
dialog: ravish whoever he chooses... take
dialog: whatever he chooses. Do... whatever
dialog: he chooses. It is to be in many ways
dialog: a superman, not bound by the mores
dialog: or morals of humanity.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And if you learn what we can teach
dialog: you, you'll be one, too. If not,
dialog: you'll be dead.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED PRISON - CAFETERIA - THE NEXT MORNING
text: It is a huge, empty room. Ramirez sits at the lone table as
text: Amos enters. Ramirez is eating a bowl of porridge. His breath
text: steams out in the cold. The room is freezing but instead of
text: a warm jacket, he wears light prison overalls.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Good morning. How's the porridge,
dialog: you like it?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: 'Morning. It's not bad.
text: He finishes what's left in the bowl. Amos reaches over to a
text: side warming table. There is a huge pot of porridge there.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Good... finish everything in the
dialog: pot.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: There's got to be like... eight
dialog: helpings in there maybe...
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: No questions... Just do.
dialog: From now on, unless otherwise indicated Ramirez is in the
text: too-tight shirt and tie and light jacket.
text: Jack is in the distance, observing.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - ABANDONED PRISON - DAY
text: Ramirez is doing furious situps, hanging off the balcony of
text: one of the tiers, with his feet linked under one of the bars
text: so that as he does his sit-up it is over an abyss. Amos stands
text: in front of Ramirez, puffing on a cigar as he speaks, so
text: that Ramirez is gulping in breaths of cigar smoke as he
dialog: exercises.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Name and place of birth!
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Illich Ramirez. Caracas, Venezuela.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Your father?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Doctor Jose Altagracia Ramirez... Do
dialog: you have to smoke that cigar?
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Yes.
text: There is a silence between them. This is obviously the end
text: of that subject. Then Amos goes on.
speaker_heading: AMOS
text: Carlos' father abandoned him and his
dialog: mother because he wanted to be a
dialog: playboy. Your father abandoned you
dialog: in effect, when he was sent to prison.
dialog: Either way, it's a lonely child
dialog: missing his father. I want you to
dialog: take what you know of your real father
dialog: and superimpose it onto this the
dialog: image of Carlos' father, so when you
dialog: talk of one you are talking of the
dialog: other with the same emotion... the
dialog: same love, the same resentment...
text: the same sadness, the same anger.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - MONTREAL - DAY
text: As Jack and Ramirez walk toward the cemetery, we SEE Ramirez
text: who wears a lightweight white parka so that he shivers in
text: the cold in contrast to Jack's heavy winter gear. Ramirez
text: carries what appears to be a gun.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You need to not only remember the
dialog: names on every tombstone, but where
dialog: they are so when I call out a name,
dialog: you whirl and shoot.
text: They walk into a scene that is completely surreal. Standing
text: behind every tombstone is one of the crew of trainers.
text: Each man wears a white parka and white pants against the
text: freezing cold. In the center of their impromptu circle stands
text: Ramirez, also wearing white, but of much lighter material so
text: that he shivers in the cold. All of them including Ramirez
text: hold paint pellet guns. It is a cemetery full of living
text: targets which can shoot back. Jack stands outside the circle.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: It's kind of cold. You think I might
dialog: be able to borrow a warmer jacket
dialog: from someone?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Brisson! We don't want you to be
dialog: comfortable. That's just what will
dialog: get you killed.
text: Ramirez hesitates a moment, trying to remember where the
text: tombstone with the name "Brisson" is. The trainer who stands
text: behind the "Brisson" tombstone has no such hesitation. He
text: fires at Ramirez and an ugly black splotch of paint explodes
text: on Ramirez's white suit. Ramirez shakes his head in
dialog: frustration.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: DuPres! Paquet!
text: Ramirez whirls, misses one, is hit again with another black
text: splotch but hits the Paquet tombstone square in the chest
text: with a black splotch of his own.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN SET - PRISON - DAY
text: In the middle of a huge room, a movie set has been erected.
text: There are flats supported by sand bags which form the "set"
text: of a kitchen. The set is perfect in every way but its position
text: inside of a huge prison hall lends a quality of the macabre,
dialog: since no movie is being shot here and no audience will ever
text: see these performances. Jack is there with Ramirez. He opens
text: the refrigerator and Ramirez looks inside as Jack times him
text: on his watch, then closes the refrigerator. Ramirez sneezes.
text: He has caught a cold but must ignore it.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Top shelf... some milk, some juice,
dialog: maybe some cottage cheese, a couple
dialog: bottles of beer, some tomatoes... I
dialog: don't know...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What kind of milk, how many cartons,
dialog: open or closed, what kind of juice,
dialog: how full was the bottle, was it
dialog: cottage cheese or cream cheese, how
dialog: many bottles of beer, how many
dialog: tomatoes? This is life and death!
text: Jack opens the cupboard.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look here... Ten seconds, how many
dialog: cups, saucers, plates, look this
dialog: time!
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - ABANDONED PRISON - MONTREAL - DAY
text: Ramirez sits practicing his Venezuelan accent in English,
text: repeating phrases he hears from a native speaker on a tape
text: recorder as he eats another of the interminable bowls of
text: porridge.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - MONTREAL - DAY
text: Ramirez once again stands in the center in his lightweight
text: white parka surrounded by trainers in heavy white parkas.
text: Jack is nearby.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Here's the thing about Carlos. He
dialog: doesn't fit any mold. His father is
text: an extraordinarily wealthy playboy
dialog: who's a Marxist at the same time...
dialog: DuFraisne!
text: Ramirez whirls and misses and is hit by the trainer. Jack
text: shakes his head and continues.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The guy's such a fanatic he names
dialog: his three sons after Lenin. And I
dialog: don't mean John. The same thing is
dialog: true for Carlos. He's a guerilla
dialog: fighter who loves champagne and
dialog: caviar... LaPierre!
text: Ramirez whirls and hits the trainer in his shoulder at the
text: same time that he himself is hit. Jack's look betrays no
dialog: emotion.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He doesn't want to be Che Guevara,
dialog: he wants to be the James Bond of the
dialog: People's Liberation Front. It's not
dialog: so much radical chic as an excuse
dialog: for sadism. Paquet!
text: As he says this last, Ramirez whirls and shoots another
text: trainer, dead in the chest. Ramirez smiles. He is beginning
dialog: to enjoy playing terrorist.
scene_heading: EXT. DIRT ROAD - DAY
text: We are speeding down the road in a suped-up open Jeep POV
text: Ramirez, who is driving. Suddenly, we SEE Jack and Amos up
text: ahead. Amos pulls a lever and a barrier snaps up at chest
text: level across the road. We jam on the brakes and
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEEP - DAY
text: Ramirez is at the wheel. Suddenly he sees the barrier plate
text: a hundred yards in front. He hits the brakes and the emergency
dialog: brake at the same time.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: The tires scream and leave black tracks, as the Jeep slides
text: sideways towards the barrier. Just before reaching it, the
text: car completes a 180-degree turn and roars back, but at the
text: last second fishtails and swerves off the road.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - RAMIREZ
text: He is obviously frustrated.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - JACK
text: He shakes his head in disgust.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Dead again.
scene_heading: EXT. BELVEDERE - DAY
text: Ramirez and Jack walk together on the belvedere which is an
text: observation area with a railing around it, overlooking the
text: abandoned prison. In between the belvedere and the prison is
text: a field which is almost completely barren except for one
text: tree. It sits down below.
text: In the distance, we SEE a snow mobile approach with its lights
text: on. Just then, Jack takes a pocket sized remote transmitter
text: and slips it into the front pocket of Ramirez's jacket,
text: turning it on as he does.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's a transmitter.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Target practice. You're the target.
text: Jack quickly moves away from Ramirez. As Ramirez moves, he
text: notices that the snow mobile changes direction as well, and
text: continues to home in on him. And then there is a second snow
text: mobile. And then a third, all of them coming straight for
text: him. He starts to run. The snow mobiles turn and continue
text: bearing down on him, driving him closer toward the railing.
text: We SEE the snow mobiles are controlled by radio antennas,
text: evidently homing in on his transmitter.
text: Jack, who has moved quite a ways off, pulls out a Beretta
text: and sets it on the rail. We SEE on the snow mobiles, a lit-
dialog: up remote device.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If you shoot out the receivers,
dialog: they'll stop. There are ten rounds
text: in this clip. The first two are live,
text: the next three dummy, then three
text: live, two dummy.
text: Ramirez stands like a deer in the headlights for an instant
text: and then goes running for the gun. He cannot make it to the
text: gun before the first snow mobile barrels down upon him. He
text: is right against the rail now and goes diving into the snow.
text: The snow mobile goes directly over him and crashes through
text: the rail, falling down to the field below. Ramirez is up and
text: running, grabs the gun, fires two rounds and misses, then
text: hits three dummy rounds which click away as the second snow
text: mobile draws closer. Then he fires and hits a headlight,
text: then fires and misses, then fires and hits the remote device.
text: That snow mobile stops in its tracks. The third now barrels
text: down on Ramirez. He clicks off two dummy rounds and just
text: before the snow mobile hits him, a shot rings out. The
text: receiver shatters and we SEE Jack standing with the smoking
text: gun with which he has just saved Ramirez's life.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Three times dead.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - ABANDONED PRISON - DAY
text: It is after lunch and Jack and Amos are eating ice cream
text: sundaes while Ramirez sits eating the last bit of porridge
text: from the huge bowl.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: You finish all your porridge?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (deadly)
dialog: Yeah... yeah... I finished all my
text: porridge.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Good now you can have some more.
text: He motions for the waiter who crosses with a fresh pot and
text: starts to ladle it out into Ramirez's bowl. Ramirez reaches
text: up and tears at his tie and rips open the top button. Ramirez
text: explodes batting the waiter's hand away and sending the bowl
dialog: flying.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Enough of this porridge shit man, hi
dialog: jo deputa! Fuck it man... I ain't
dialog: eatin' no more of this shit! And I
dialog: ain't wearin' this fuckin' shirt
dialog: anymore either!
text: With that he rips off the tie and rips open the shirt.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Why Miguel amigo, whatever is the
dialog: matter?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I'll tell you what the matter is
dialog: man... I been here twelve mother
dialog: fuckin' weeks an' all I've had to
dialog: eat the whole time is this shit! And
dialog: those dumb ass basketball games...
dialog: what's that?! You damn near kill me
dialog: with those fucking snowmobiles... I
dialog: haven't seen my family in three months
dialog: and I still don't know what any plan
dialog: is or what I'm supposed to be doing!
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Congratulations! You're acting like
dialog: a child... like a spoiled brat...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And not a Navy Lieutenant Commander,
dialog: which is exactly what would get you
dialog: killed.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Finally you're acting like a willful
dialog: spoiled child which is just what
dialog: Carlos was.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We couldn't just let you study Carlos.
dialog: If this thing is going to work, you
dialog: have to become him.
text: Ramirez looks at him in disgust.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: The two most elite intelligence
dialog: services in the world and the best
dialog: you can come up with is this porridge
dialog: bullshit?!
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: As a child Carlos was fed that
dialog: porridge that you love so much every
dialog: day. He hated it. Every woman or man
dialog: he's ever been close to he told about
dialog: that porridge... how the very smell
dialog: of it made him sick. And now it makes
dialog: you sick.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: When he was in school he was a scrawny
dialog: little kid. The last one to get picked
dialog: for any teams. He felt as clumsy as
dialog: we've made you feel...
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: His father smoked cigars... the same
dialog: ones whose smell you complained about.
dialog: The only cover that can save your
dialog: life... is the one you believe
dialog: yourself. Now... are you ready to
dialog: pass the next test?
text: Ramirez just looks at them, in a kind of shock.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: I'll take that for a yes. You're
dialog: about to go into your house. Your
dialog: wife has told you she was away with
dialog: the children for a week. She is
text: entering the house for the first
dialog: time in a week with you. The children
dialog: are still at Grandma's so the two of
dialog: you have a nice romantic time ahead
dialog: of you. Walk through the house...
text: through the living room and the
dialog: kitchen only. You have thirty seconds.
text: Walk casually through the house so
dialog: as not to make her suspicious of
dialog: anything you do and find out if she's
dialog: telling you the truth or not. If you
dialog: pass this test your questions will
dialog: be answered. If not... you'll be
dialog: sent home to Virginia and this will
dialog: be the end of it.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED PRISON - LIVING ROOM SET - MONTREAL - DAY
text: Ramirez walks casually through the living room with camera
text: following. Amos and Jack walk behind him. Ramirez bends down
text: to tie his shoe near the sofa. He crosses into the kitchen
text: and camera follows. He opens the refrigerator and takes out
text: a carton of milk. He takes a drink from the carton and
text: dribbles some onto his shirt and onto the floor. He gets an
text: "I'm such a slob" look on his face. Then he replaces the
text: milk, crosses to the sink, takes the sponge off the sink and
text: a paper towel. He mops up the spill with the sponge first
text: and then with the paper towel, then tosses the paper towel
text: into the trash. As he speaks, Ramirez himself will be amazed
text: at how much he is able to deduce using the techniques he's
dialog: been taught.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (looking at watch)
dialog: Time's up.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Nu? Is she telling the truth or lying?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: She's got to be lying, otherwise
dialog: this would be a very short test and
dialog: I don't think that's what you had in
text: mind. She had a man over.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: She hasn't been here in a week? Then
dialog: why was the sponge still damp. It
dialog: means she washed dishes. Take a look
text: at the dish rack. There's water in
text: the tray underneath it. Probably
text: from a couple of plates. There's a
text: bit of water in the silverware tray.
dialog: The milk is still fresh... not even
text: a hint of being sour and the date on
dialog: it is a week from today... means she
dialog: just bought it yesterday or the day
text: before. The margarine's fresh-bought
dialog: but it's already been opened. Same
dialog: with the bread.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: How do you know it was a man?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (ignoring him a beat)
dialog: She might have met him at a bar
dialog: because there's a book of matches in
dialog: the garbage. She was probably careful
dialog: to throw the cigarette away but
dialog: there's still a bit of ash and that
text: cigarette smell at the bottom of the
dialog: liner.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I think they made love on the sofa
dialog: because one of the cushions has been
dialog: turned over and there's the
text: indentation of a tennis shoe print
text: in the rug over there.
text: He looks down at Jack's shoes.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Sorta like the ones you're wearing,
dialog: Jack. Besides, I know it was a man
dialog: because I smelled after-shave on the
dialog: couch.
text: He gets a quizzical look, crosses to the couch, sniffs.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: ...Cheap kind.
text: He crosses to Jack and sniffs Jack as well.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Jack... you've been fucking my wife.
text: He holds index finger and thumb up to Jack's head like a
text: gun, reprising his mentor's gesture to him and making the
text: sound of a gunshot with his mouth.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Now who's dead?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
dialog: We have four quick cuts. Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! In each one,
text: Ramirez who stands in the center of the trainers, whirls
text: like a ballet dancer and beats each trainer to the punch,
text: hitting dead center on each one with his paint pellet gun.
text: From the side, Amos and Jack nod to each other approvingly.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: A triumphant Ramirez walks with Amos and Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The plan is to get the KGB to
dialog: eliminate Carlos for us. Carlos knows
dialog: every link between the KGB and every
dialog: terrorist organization in the world.
dialog: He's not only the smoking gun, he
dialog: knows every contact there ever was.
dialog: We make the KGB think that Carlos is
dialog: ready to turn... ready to go over to
dialog: the CIA, and they'll take him out.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Why would they think Carlos would go
dialog: over to the CIA?
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Money... fifty million... not for
dialog: the forces of world revolution this
text: time, but for him, in his pocket
text: with a new identity and CIA
dialog: protection. They'll believe it... if
dialog: we lay it out right... they'll believe
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: When do we move?
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Not so fast. You're far from ready.
dialog: I would think another three months
dialog: of training and then...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Bullshit! I'm ready now. Give me any
dialog: test you want. Christ, I already
dialog: passed your tests... what more do
dialog: you want?
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED PRISON - SUNSET
text: The sun is just setting. There is the silhouette of the prison
text: in the snow. A kind of dark serenity permeates the scene.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - ABANDONED PRISON - SUNSET
text: Ramirez sits at the table in the huge, dark and empty room.
text: The table is set with champagne and caviar. He has his Arabic
text: book and tape and earphones.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (studying to himself
dialog: in Arabic)
dialog: Shoo Ismak? Isme... Carlos. Isme
dialog: Carlos.
scene_heading: INT. NEW MONITORING ROOM - ABANDONED PRISON - EVENING
text: We are in a new setting. It is a kind of dungeon, perhaps
text: once a solitary confinement cell. It is crowded here now
text: with Jack, Amos, and Technician #1 who sit in front of a new
text: bank of monitors. On one we SEE Ramirez eating in the
dialog: cafeteria.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: It should be hitting him now...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MONITOR
text: We PUSH IN on Ramirez on the monitor.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - ABANDONED PRISON - EVENING
text: Ramirez sits as before. He is eating his caviar as he looks
dialog: at his Arabic textbook.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - THE TEXTBOOK
text: It shows a picture of a street in an Arab country, possibly
text: Libya. It is a typical street scene; a dispassionately sterile
text: photograph in which one can almost hear the BBC announcer
dialog: voice in your head saying, "And here is a typical scene in
text: lovely Tripoli..." There is a man in a business suit walking
text: on the sidewalk in this picture. We CUT back and forth between
text: Ramirez and then as Ramirez strains to look harder,
text: unbelievingly, we PUSH IN tighter on the picture from his
text: POV and to our amazement, the man in the picture looking
text: back up at us is Ramirez! Then suddenly the man in the picture
text: moves and his finger comes up to his lips and he looks at us
text: and says, "SHHHHH." Just then, a street vendor in the same
text: scene pulls out a gun and shoots Ramirez in the picture in
text: the head. Ramirez falls and the picture goes back to a still
text: shot of Ramirez lying face down in the black and white photo,
text: oozing black blood onto the white sidewalk of beautiful
dialog: downtown Tripoli.
text: He looks out the window at the bluish sky as we shift focus
text: between him and his background. He looks down at the bowl of
text: porridge.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - THE CAVIAR
text: It is crawling with ants.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Ramirez picks up the bowl and throws it across the room.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Jack! Jack!!!! Amos!! You
dialog: motherfuckers!
text: He gets up, looks at the TV camera and walks down the corridor
text: to the observation room.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - ABANDONED PRISON - MONTREAL - EVENING
text: Ramirez walks down the corridor past the surveillance room.
text: The satellite dish is still there but there are no technicians
text: to be seen. He follows the cable that snakes down the corridor
text: towards the command room.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND ROOM - MORNING
text: Ramirez walks along the cable until he comes to the plastic-
text: enshrouded satellite tracking system. He pulls one of the
text: plastic panels to discover that the place is totally empty.
text: He bends down and picks up the cable as if it were a lifeline
text: on a strip at stormy sea. He follows it hand over hand to
text: where all the equipment was -- it's gone. He looks around
text: and through the plastic, starts to see the silhouettes of
text: people moving and talking. Abruptly, he pulls the panel aside --
text: just some pigeons against the moonlight shafts.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - EVENING
text: Ramirez enters the Observation Room with its looming
text: observation tower that now has become home to the hundreds
text: of pigeons inside it. The place is completely deserted.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Jack!!
text: At the sound of his shout, hundreds of pigeons explode out
text: of the observation tower like bats in a primal cave. Ramirez
text: instinctively crouches in terror.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Amos you piece of shit! Wen anta?
dialog: Coos echtak ya sharmuta!
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: POV Ramirez. It is blurry and then there are brilliant flashes
text: that cut across our eyes, slicing across our vision, blinding
dialog: us.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
dialog: Ramirez knows they have doped him.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: So she tried the first bowl of caviar
dialog: and said, that's too hot, and she
dialog: tried the second bowl and said, that's
dialog: too cold and so she tried the third
dialog: little itsy bitsy bowl of caviar
dialog: that belonged to little Miguel and
dialog: that turned into maggots and that
dialog: was just right...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - ABANDONED PRISON - NIGHT
text: Ramirez runs down the corridor. There are cells on either
text: side of him now. They are empty. He is trying to hold onto
dialog: his sanity.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - POV RAMIREZ
text: The cells are now full and each of the cells contains...
text: him! He is trying to get out of all of them.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - CELL #1
text: Ramirez is in Carlos' black jeans and T-shirt.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - CELL #2
text: Ramirez is in his dress white Navy uniform.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - CELL #3
text: Ramirez is dressed as a doctor, operating on a patient with
text: Jack assisting him. Ramirez pulls a brain out of the patient's
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Here's the problem, Doctor. He needs
text: a new brain.
text: He tosses the brain to Jack who catches it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Brilliant, Doctor!
text: Jack eats the brain.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And tasty, too!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - RAMIREZ
text: as he walks down the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY ANGLE ON - RAMIREZ'S HAND
text: It morphs from his own hand to that of a child and the child's
text: hand gives birth to a woman's hand who morph's up alongside
text: of him. It is Ramirez's mother.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Child Ramirez and his Mother walk down the corridor behind
text: two Cuban prison guards. The cells are full of Cuban political
text: prisoners. There are shouts and screams of agony from men
text: being tortured somewhere far off. They reach Ramirez's
text: father's cell. Child Ramirez reaches out for his father's
text: hand. A guard pushes his hand away. RAMIREZ'S FATHER speaks
dialog: in Spanish.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ'S FATHER
dialog: Vaya mi hijo. Vaya rapido!
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - ABANDONED PRISON - NIGHT ANGLE ON - PIGEONS
text: They come flapping their wings, dive bombing at us.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - RAMIREZ
text: He walks in his black jeans and T-shirt. The cells are empty
text: around him but up ahead he hears the sounds of someone making
text: love. Well, not making love... fucking. He approaches the
text: sounds and there in one cell is is wife Maura under Carlos,
text: humping away at her. Carlos looks up at Ramirez.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CARLOS
text: in cell humping Maura.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (looking at Ramirez)
dialog: I think she likes me better... don't
dialog: you baby. She likes it rough... you
dialog: never knew that? Yala... ruh mi hun.
text: He motions for Ramirez to leave.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - RAMIREZ
text: He is about to rush the cell when more pigeons come flapping
text: down at him. He turns and...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - ABANDONED PRISON - NIGHT - SFX NEW ANGLE
text: The pigeon becomes a dove gliding in a shaft of moonlight.
text: Then it leaves the moonlight and it turns into a crow.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: The crow turns back into a dove and then suddenly the dove
text: begins to choke, to vomit. It opens its beak and out of its
text: mouth emerges the wet, slimy head of a full grown ravenous
text: crow. It is coming straight out of the dove's mouth and
text: straight at us, to devour us. We HEAR RAMIREZ SCREAM OVER
speaker_heading: THIS.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED PRISON - CORRIDOR ENTRANCE - MORNING
text: Jack and Amos walk down the corridor. They both look as if
text: they have been up all night, which indeed they have. Both
dialog: are in need of a shower and shave.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: I hope we didn't go too far with
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'd rather have him wind up in a
dialog: mental institution fucked up on LSD
text: than shot in some back alley in Libya.
dialog: If he can't handle this, he sure as
dialog: shit can't handle going operational.
text: They round the corner. There, looking up at them, sitting in
text: a chair, showered, shaved, looking fresh and ready to greet
text: the day is Ramirez. He is reading his Arabic book. He looks
text: up at them.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Okay... what's next?
scene_heading: INT. KGB HEADQUARTERS - CORRIDOR - MOSCOW - NIGHT
text: We begin on a shot of a huge statue of Lenin which dominates
text: this corridor. As camera swings around we SEE a HEAD KGB
text: OFFICER with his KGB AIDE. OVER this shot we SUPER:
scene_heading: KGB CENTRAL COMMAND - MOSCOW
text: The head KGB officer holds a report. He reads aloud in Russian
text: and we SUPER ENGLISH SUBTITLES. From now on, all dialogue in
dialog: Russian will be indicated by putting the dialogue in
text: parentheses. The KGB Officer is very smug about the report.
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: (glancing up from
dialog: report)
dialog: [We're just gotten information from
dialog: our resident in Zurich that the CIA
dialog: head of station there has deposited
dialog: letters of credit in the amount of
dialog: fifty million dollars into the account
dialog: of a Mister Paulo Ortega... It would
dialog: appear the Americans are dangling a
dialog: very impressive bait for what I can
dialog: only assume is a very juicy fish. I
dialog: want to know who this Paulo Ortega
dialog: is and what he's going to give the
dialog: CIA that is worth so very much money.
dialog: And then we'll see what we can do
dialog: about that.]
text: He smiles with a great deal of self-satisfaction.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - MAGIC HOUR - AERIAL SHOT
text: Ramirez races down the road in the Jeep. The road twists and
text: turns as a light snow begins to fall.
scene_heading: INT. JEEP - NIGHT
text: Ramirez drives and we SEE that he has an earpiece which goes
text: to a Walkman tape recorder. We HEAR the instructions being
text: fed to him on the tape in Jack's voice:
speaker_heading: JACK (THRU TAPE)
dialog: You're going to hit a hairpin turn
dialog: exactly three tenths of a mile from
dialog: the stop sign which should be coming
text: into view at any minute.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - ON THE STOP SIGN UP AHEAD BACK TO SCENE
text: Ramirez starts to slow down.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't stop for the stop sign, don't
dialog: even slow down for it. You've got to
dialog: hit the hairpin exactly fifteen
text: seconds after you pass the stop sign.
text: We see that Ramirez is going 60 miles an hour down the
text: straightaway. The road is open and straight ahead. Ramirez
text: drives on with total focus. The intensity is obvious. Up
text: ahead is a hairpin turn.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The hairpin should be right in front
dialog: of you. Keep your focus. You can't
dialog: let down even after you negotiate
dialog: the turn. You never know what's going
dialog: to be around the next corner... or
dialog: whose life might depend on your
dialog: reactions.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: ON the Jeep as it negotiates the turn.
scene_heading: INT. JEEP - NIGHT
text: We have a shot of the road, POV Ramirez through the
text: windshield. Suddenly as we negotiate the hairpin turn, there
text: up ahead of us sits Jacks in the middle of the road TIED TO
text: A CHAIR, looking straight at us.
scene_heading: ZOOM TO JACK
text: sitting straight, tied into the chair so that he could not
text: run if he wanted to. He doesn't move, just stares forward,
text: as if trying to lock eyes with Ramirez.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ (O.S.)
text: (as his hand starts
dialog: for brake)
dialog: You asshole!
speaker_heading: HIGH ANGLE
text: The Jeep turns slightly to the right, then sharply to the
text: left. And as its back wheels lock, it slides and completes
text: the 180-degree turn. Just short of Jack.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - JACK
text: His face is white, his stare frozen. He has seen death before.
dialog: Never that close.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Ramirez jumps out of the Jeep, coming straight at Jack.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: You crazy-assed mother fucker! I
dialog: could have killed you!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can't let down! This isn't a
dialog: game... it is life and death. You
dialog: have to be ready for anything, all
dialog: the time.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Fuck you!
text: Just then we HEAR the roar of the snowmobiles coming out of
text: nowhere, bearing down towards them.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: The clip in your gun has three live,
dialog: two dummy, one live, three dummy,
dialog: one live.
text: Ramirez looks at him, pushed to the breaking point now. He
text: pulls the transmitter out of his pocket and crosses right to
text: Jack and stuffs it in Jack's pocket.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: No rules, Jack? Then you fucking
dialog: deal with it.
text: Ramirez waits for Jack to say something... to protest... to
text: say anything. Jack says nothing. Ramirez turns in a fury and
text: starts walking away as the snowmobiles bear down from four
text: different directions, coming straight towards Jack. Jack
text: says absolutely nothing. Ramirez turns and sees Jack is making
text: absolutely no attempt to toss the transmitter. Jack simply
text: locks eyes with Ramirez. Jack is not going to budge. Ramirez
text: turns his back and is about to continue walking away but the
text: noise of the snowmobiles bearing on the unrelenting Jack
text: grows louder. Ramirez can take it no more. He turns, pulls
text: out the gun and must run right to where Jack is in order to
text: get shots off at each snowmobile. He fires through the dummy
text: rounds until he takes out all four snowmobiles, the last of
text: which comes to rest only a few feet away from them both.
text: Ramirez is exhausted. When Jack speaks it is quietly and
text: with contempt.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You pussy. You rule-following pussy.
text: Ramirez turns, looking at Jack, unable to believe his ears.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You know why you don't fuck around
dialog: on your wife? Not because you don't
dialog: want to. You're a man. You want to
dialog: fuck everything. But you don't...
dialog: because you're afraid it would cost
dialog: you what... your wife, your family,
dialog: your self respect maybe...
text: As we watch Ramirez listening to Jack, we can see him going
text: over the edge.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: ...You know what Carlos would do if
dialog: he was married? He'd bring whatever
dialog: woman he wanted home and make his
dialog: wife fuck her. That's what no rules
dialog: means. That's what you're too much
dialog: of a pussy to get.
text: Ramirez walks straight over to Jack, pulls his hair back so
text: that Jack is staring up at him and then he puts the barrel
text: of his gun at Jack's temple. Ramirez is not bluffing now. He
text: has gone completely into the dark side for the first time.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: No rules, Jack? Okay... We're in a
dialog: fucking foreign country on a secret
dialog: mission... I can't be here, I'm on a
dialog: submarine. The U.S. Navy's my alibi.
dialog: What's the count on my ammunition,
dialog: Jack? Is this one live or a dud?
text: He stares down at Jack and we can see that Jack does not
text: remember the count, as Ramirez pulls the trigger. CLICK!
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What about the next one, Jack? Live
dialog: or dud... who cares... no rules,
dialog: right?
text: He pulls the trigger. CLICK!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (perversely proud)
dialog: Yes, my good son...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Think you can be lucky three times
dialog: in a row?
text: He pulls the trigger. CLICK!
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: How about four?
text: He is about to pull the trigger once again when we HEAR:
speaker_heading: AMOS (O.S.)
dialog: Annibal! It's over!
text: Ramirez turns to see him, as Amos walks down the embankment
text: towards him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Stay out of it.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: It's over, Jack. He's it.
text: Ramirez stays with the gun pointed at Jack. It is obvious he
text: is in a killing mood, perfectly ready and willing to squeeze
text: the trigger once again. Amos takes the gun from Ramirez,
text: points it up and pulls the trigger... KABOOM!
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD BY DEAD SEA - AERIAL SHOT - DAY
scene_heading: WE SUPER THE FOLLOWING: ISRAEL - APRIL, 1987
text: We have an aerial shot over a date plantation which sits
text: incongruously in the middle of the desert beside the Dead
text: Sea, as we MOVE TO REVEAL a car driving along this barren
text: road. The CAMERA pivots around the car as we See the landscape
text: scroll behind it; the tortured rock formations, the mountains
text: reflected in the water, a desert-scape that looks like
text: something out of Dante, as Peugeot cuts its way along the
dialog: road.
scene_heading: INT. PEUGEOT - DEAD SEA - ISRAEL
text: Jack is in the car with Amos, who drives, and Ramirez. Ramirez
text: has a bandage across his nose. He has black eyes from plastic
text: surgery. Jack hands Ramirez a small bundle which he opens.
text: Inside is a black T-shirt and black jeans.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What you'll wear from now on. Black
dialog: T-shirt and jeans... it's the only
dialog: thing Carlos ever wears whenever
dialog: he's not out being a terrorist. It's
dialog: the opposite of what he was forced
dialog: to wear as a child... you know...
text: the school uniforms, the white tight
dialog: collared shirts... It's become like
text: a fetish for him.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: And to match your new wardrobe, in
dialog: another two days your bandages will
dialog: come off and you'll get to show your
text: beautiful new nose to Carla.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Who's Carla?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: She's a Venezuelan. She was Carlos'
dialog: main squeeze about fifteen years
dialog: ago. She'll put the finishing touches
dialog: on the act.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Why's one of Carlos' girlfriends
dialog: helping us?
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Carlos used her... like he uses a
dialog: lot of women. She emigrated to Israel.
dialog: Now she wants to get even.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What do you mean used her. How?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: He put her on an airplane with a
text: bomb in her suitcase. She would have
dialog: gone up with everything else. What's
dialog: that song say? There are fifty ways
dialog: to leave your lover? Make that fifty-
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: She's about thirty-seven... still
dialog: attractive.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So it's not gonna be a hardship.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What's not gonna be a hardship?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Making love to her.
text: Ramirez looks at Jack in shock.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Annibal... the way in is a woman...
dialog: her name is Agnieska. It's part of
text: the trap. The KGB will be watching
dialog: her... we'll make sure of that...
dialog: She's a more recent girlfriend of
dialog: Carlos... But they've got to be
text: convinced and so does she. Carlos,
dialog: you, are going to ask her to do
dialog: something. She has to believe you're
dialog: him or she won't risk it.
text: Ramirez just looks at him, as if cheating on his wife was
text: obviously not part of the bargain.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What the fuck are you lookin' at?
dialog: You're gonna help murder this guy,
dialog: you draw the moral line at
dialog: extramarital sex?
text: Ramirez is quiet.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't think of it as cheating. Think
dialog: of it as fucking for the flag.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: "When in doubt, close your eyes and
dialog: think of England."
scene_heading: EXT. SAFE HOUSE - DEAD SEA - SUNSET
dialog: At first we should not realize we are near a building of any
text: kind. We open on a WIDE ANGLE on the Dead Sea from a stunning
text: POV. CRANE DOWN to reveal the silhouette of Ramirez smoking
text: a cigarette. We now SEE that his nose is exactly that of
text: Carlos. He has just a bit of dark circles left under his
text: eyes, just enough to make him seem moody. He tosses the
text: cigarette and turns to enter a room. Now we see that this is
text: a deserted barracks pock-marked with artillery shells and
text: machine gun bullet holes from past wars.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - SAFE HOUSE - DEAD SEA - SUNSET
text: Ramirez turns to enter the barracks with a wide-angle of the
text: landscape overlooking the Dead Sea. He now wears a black T-
text: shirt and black jeans. The Peugeot is parked near the barracks
text: that sits on the edge of the cliff in b.g.
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE - DEAD SEA - SUNSET
text: start TIGHT on a shot of an ashtray. It is overflowing with
text: cigarettes. A woman's hand picks up the butt that is in the
text: ashtray and with the last of its ember she lights another
text: cigarette off it. She is CARLA, mid-thirties, hard edged
text: which mars the beauty she still has. She is intense, neurotic
dialog: and bitter.
text: She and Ramirez are alone in the living room. She sits in a
text: corner. We become aware of the room. It is a study in
text: contrasts. Light shoots in through shell holes and cracks in
text: ruined walls. And yet, the interior is somehow soft, sensuous,
text: with thick carpet, muslin drapes and a large bed that
text: resembles at one and the same time, a boxing ring and an
text: altar. She pays no attention to Ramirez. She doesn't even
text: acknowledge that he's entered the room. She is in a kind of
dialog: reverie.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: The thing about Carlos is... he
dialog: doesn't lose himself with a woman...
dialog: not with a lover... maybe with a
dialog: whore I don't know... I wasn't his
dialog: whore. Lovers are different to him...
dialog: he might have a use for them... so
dialog: he has to seduce them properly. He
dialog: has to make sure they're so crazy
dialog: about him they'll do anything for
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: When did you...?
text: She holds up a hand without looking at him, commanding his
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Shhh! You're not here.
text: She rocks herself back and forth, comforting herself and now
text: for the first time we see the bottle of Irish whiskey she
text: holds at her side. She raises it, takes a long gulp, some of
text: the fluid dripping down the corner or her mouth. She doesn't
text: bother to wipe it away. It is there next to tearstains on
text: her cheeks.
text: Slowly, her rocking back and forth, her primal comforting,
text: the act of an abused and abandoned child will turn into
text: strokes, caresses of a secret style from a phantom lover who
dialog: will get her in the mood for what she must do. She must get
text: herself wet. She must get herself ready. She must recapture
text: what it is to be seduced by Carlos. Her hand is her lover
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: You don't exist until I'm ready to
dialog: let you exist, and then... you do
dialog: exactly what I say.
text: She leans her head back and conjures Carlos up in her mind.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: It's not pleasure for him... it's...
dialog: it's... it's... this sick kind of
dialog: conquest... you know this seduction...
dialog: he's got to make you not just a lover
dialog: but a disciple... a worshipper... He
dialog: brainwashes you with his body...
dialog: so... so... you'll do anything...
dialog: you see because he's the perfect
dialog: lover... he does it all to... not to
dialog: please you... but to excite you...
dialog: to... to make it dangerous for you
dialog: and then, that's very sexy too, to a
dialog: woman... that danger... like he could
dialog: kill you in a second... but instead
dialog: he makes you come... So he's almost
dialog: killed you, you see? And you have
dialog: this orgasm right then and it's like
dialog: he's killed you and there isn't
dialog: anything left of you and he makes
dialog: you be born again the way he wants
dialog: you to be. So there isn't a thought
dialog: in your brain that he hasn't put
dialog: there. Not a feeling in your body
dialog: that he hasn't put there.
text: She masturbates herself stopping just short of climax. Then
text: she looks up at Ramirez, acknowledges his presence and lets
dialog: him exist.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Take off your clothes.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Just like that?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Look Mister...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Miguel...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I don't want to know your name... I
dialog: don't want to know anything about
dialog: you okay. This isn't fun for me. I'm
dialog: not here to play soft music and be
dialog: romantic. I'm here to help you kill
dialog: him... At least I hope that's what
dialog: you're going to do. They promised me
dialog: it was.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Take off your clothes.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON RAMIREZ
text: He takes off his clothes. CAMERA SHOOTS FROM THE WAIST UP.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: You're smaller than him.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Great.
text: Carla slaps him suddenly without warning hard across the
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: That's what he would have done if I
dialog: would have said something like that.
dialog: Without a moment's hesitation. What's
dialog: wrong with you?! No eres ni hombre!
text: Ramirez back hands her and she flies backwards against the
dialog: couch.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CARLA
text: lying against the couch. Her mouth is bleeding just a little.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Now come to me and kiss where you
dialog: hit.
text: She puts her finger to her lip and sees the blood. Ramirez
text: bends down to her, the passion rising.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Kiss where the blood is and then
text: smear it on my lips so I taste it.
text: Ramirez bends down and kisses her and the blood smears and
text: he kisses her passionately.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Now go down on me... yes like that...
dialog: si... si... tease me... tease... but
dialog: don't let me come... control me...
dialog: it's got to be when he wants it...
dialog: yeah...
text: Ramirez's head goes down out of frame.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Ramirez and Carla in bed, both naked, Ramirez is on top...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Ask me if I like it... he always
dialog: asks... he wants to hear it.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: You like it...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Demand it.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (harder)
dialog: You like it?!
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: You like it?!
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Make me beg.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Beg for it...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Please...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Please... Tell me you want me to
dialog: come...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I want you to come now...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: You want to feel it all over you...
text: Ramirez is too turned on now to follow instructions.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Oh yeah baby... yeah... you make me
dialog: feel so good.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Stop!... Stop it!
text: She pushes Ramirez back. She sits up gropes for a cigarette.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What... What'd I do...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: He never loses control... He never
dialog: tells you how he feels. He's in
dialog: control. He's the one who makes you
dialog: feel what he wants you to feel. He
dialog: never feels anything... You stupid...
dialog: stupid...
text: She fumbles with a lighter... Then she throws it aside and
dialog: the cigarette.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Roll over!
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: On your back!
text: Ramirez rolls onto his back and she gets on top of him. CAMERA
text: SHOOTS FROM THE WAIST UP.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I'm Carlos... You're me.
text: She starts humping him. Her voice goes down very low.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: You like it...
text: She humps harder. Ramirez evidently does.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: You like it?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Oh baby...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Ooooo I want to make you come...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I want to make you come... I want to
dialog: feel it all over me.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Yeah... yeahhh... Yeahhhhhh.
text: Ramirez is almost at the point of orgasm and Carla reaches
text: down with her hands and starts to choke him.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (scared)
dialog: What the fuck are you doin'?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Let me... let me do it... Put your
text: hands down.
text: She humps him harder and chokes him and he climaxes and then
text: she releases her grasp on his throat...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: He does that... he's crazy... he
dialog: chokes you... just a little.
text: She gets off him and lights up a cigarette.
speaker_heading: CARLA
text: Then he goes to the refrigerator and
dialog: eats... He's always hungry
dialog: afterwards... always... God I feel
dialog: like filth.
text: She starts crying and the crying grows louder. Ramirez rolls
text: over to her to take her in his arms.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I'm sorry... I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Get your hands off me!
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Shh... I'm not him... I'm not
dialog: Carlos... I'm...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I don't care who you are. I don't
dialog: want to know anything about you...
dialog: except that you're going to kill
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. KGB HEADQUARTERS - MOSCOW - NIGHT
scene_heading: INT. KGB OFFICE - NIGHT
text: A HEAD KGB OFFICER is with a KGB AIDE. He reads a report.
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: [It seems our friendly bank manager
dialog: in Zurich has received instructions
dialog: to put a new name on the account of
dialog: our mysterious Mister Paulo Ortega...
dialog: Agnieska Kozinski. Does the name
dialog: sound familiar?]
speaker_heading: KGB AIDE
dialog: [Should it?]
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: [I ran a check on her. She's a French
dialog: national... originally Polish. She
dialog: was a girlfriend of Carlos.]
speaker_heading: KGB AIDE
dialog: [Our Carlos?]
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: [The question is... is he still our
dialog: Carlos. Or is he about to become
dialog: someone else's.]
scene_heading: EXT. AGNIESKA'S APARTMENT - PARIS - DAY
dialog: A beautiful young woman whom we will come to know as AGNIESKA
text: enters her apartment building.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - PARIS - DAY
text: Agnieska collects her mail. She stops when she comes to a
text: postcard. We cannot make out what it says, but it has a
text: profound effect on her. Dialogue is in French with English
dialog: Subtitles.
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: My God... My God... It's him.
scene_heading: EXT. - BALCONY - SAFE HOUSE - DEAD SEA - SUNSET
text: Ramirez stands looking out to the horizon, smoking a cigarette
text: when Jack comes up behind him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well... not the most painful way to
dialog: burn your bridges behind you, huh
dialog: Miguel?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Saint Miguel the faithful husband is
dialog: dead. Long live Carlos. You've cheated
dialog: on your wife... now you can do
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What I did in there I didn't do to
dialog: cheat on my wife and you know it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey, pussy's pussy.
text: Ramirez turns to look at him as if a light bulb has just
dialog: gone on.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I just got it about you, Jack. You
dialog: can't get it up, can you?
text: The look on Jack's face for once, having been caught
text: completely off guard, betrays the fact that Ramirez is dead-
dialog: on. Just then, we HEAR:
speaker_heading: AMOS (O.S.)
dialog: We've got it. Just confirmed.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Got what confirmed?
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON - AMOS
text: He crosses towards them, holding a decoded message.
speaker_heading: AMOS
text: The KGB has set up a surveillance on
dialog: Agnieska. And Agnieska has received
text: her summons from her long-lost love...
text: Carlos, telling her to come and meet
dialog: you. At the meeting you convince her
dialog: you're Carlos. You ask her to handle
dialog: some bank transactions. She will.
text: Then the KGB knows Carlos and Ortega
dialog: are the same man. Then later they'll
dialog: see you meet with a CIA agent. They'll
dialog: have all the pieces. They'll know
text: Carlos has turned.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Where do I meet with this Agnieska?
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Libya. That's where Carlos is.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Couldn't we wait till he takes a
dialog: trip? I mean Libya... shit.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: The waiting is more dangerous to you
dialog: than going to Libya. We've laid out
dialog: a trap. Now we have to be careful
dialog: not to get caught in it ourselves.
scene_heading: EXT. SHORE OF DEAD SEA - ISRAEL - SUNSET
text: Ramirez and Amos walk along the road which runs straight
text: along the Dead Sea. Here and there are strands of barbed
text: wire and the barracks in the b.g. As they walk, they pass a
text: sign which says: THE DEAD SEA - YOU ARE NOW STANDING AT THE
scene_heading: LOWEST SPOT ON EARTH... ELEVATION: 393 METERS BELOW SEA LEVEL.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Jack doesn't know that we're having
dialog: this talk and I don't want him to
dialog: know... understand?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Okay...
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Nothing can make you ready for combat
dialog: but combat. Jack would be against me
dialog: telling you this... He would say you
dialog: shouldn't have a thought in your
dialog: head that we haven't put there but
dialog: you're not just a box that we're
dialog: going to fill up with our own ideas.
dialog: You have a right to know certain
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I appreciate that Amos... a lot.
dialog: It's funny, I started out hating
dialog: you... I mean I'm still gonna sue
dialog: you, don't think you're off the hook
dialog: for my broken ribs, but...
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: But now you love me and we're going
dialog: to run away to San Francisco and
dialog: find a reformed rabbi to perform a
dialog: mixed gay marriage. Listen to me...
dialog: You're going to feel more alone than
dialog: you've ever felt in your life. It
dialog: will hit you all of a sudden and
dialog: you'll think your heart's going to
dialog: jump out of your chest, you'll think
dialog: everyone around you can hear your
dialog: heart beating, and that everyone
dialog: around you is an enemy agent. I want
dialog: you to be prepared for that. So you
dialog: can deal with it. Understand?
text: In the far distance, we are vaguely aware of a huge truck
text: barreling along, coming straight down the highway towards
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: We had an agent... the best we ever
dialog: had in training. We were going to
text: infiltrate him into Beirut and then
dialog: use him to penetrate the PFLP. No
dialog: student ever scored higher than this
dialog: man... We set up his cover for six
dialog: months in Argentina. He was perfect.
dialog: And then we sent him to Beirut. He
dialog: got off the plane, went to his hotel,
text: went up to his room and had a nervous
dialog: breakdown.
text: Suddenly it seems, the truck is right on top of them, heading
text: straight for them, like monster in a child's nightmare. It
text: passes within inches and Ramirez has to fight to keep from
text: jumping as the truck roars past them. It is not a monster,
dialog: just a truck. Then again, it could have killed them just the
dialog: same.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: We had to mount an operation to send
dialog: in a man posing as a doctor so we
dialog: could drug him and get him out on a
dialog: plane. Okay? Now you understand?
dialog: Nothing prepares you. I want you to
dialog: know that so when it hits you, you
dialog: don't panic, you feel the fear and
dialog: then get rid of it.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: You splash some water on your face.
dialog: You take some deep breaths. You look
dialog: in the mirror and when you look in
dialog: that mirror, I don't want you to
dialog: find Annibal Ramirez. You find Carlos.
dialog: If you find Carlos, that's what
dialog: everyone else will find too. And if
dialog: you find Carlos and anything goes
dialog: wrong, he's the one who can get you
dialog: out of it. Because he's the best.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I got a wife I got to go back to
dialog: when this is over. I got kids I got
dialog: to go back to when this is over. I
dialog: want to go back as Annibal Ramirez...
dialog: not Carlos.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: You will... you'll need a time of
dialog: decompression and it will be hard at
dialog: first, but you will. Because inside
dialog: you aren't Carlos... you aren't a
dialog: terrorist. But right now, in order
dialog: to save your life, you've got to be.
dialog: You've got to look in the mirror and
dialog: find Carlos. Do you understand?
text: It is almost said like the offering of a vow.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: You won't be able to go in with a
dialog: gun... too risky... so we're going
dialog: to have to get one to you once you're
dialog: in place. How I don't know yet...
dialog: But we'll get one to you. You'll
dialog: make your way out by boat. We'll be
dialog: on it. But we won't be able to help
dialog: if anything goes wrong. We'll make
dialog: our way down the coast to a friendly
dialog: state and then fly back to London,
dialog: and from there back to the U.S.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBYA INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - DAY
text: As passengers come out of the plane we recognize Ramirez
dialog: amongst them.
scene_heading: SUPER: TRIPOLI, LIBYA - MAY 1987
scene_heading: INT. LIBYA INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - DAY
text: A cold, dreary, oppressive airport. Grim-looking SOLDIERS
text: and even more menacing SECURITY MEN in dark glasses. In the
text: line of arriving PASSENGERS, at the passport control booth,
text: is a limping Colombian businessman. Scanning the place from
text: behind sunglasses, his heart is POUNDING, POUNDING, POUNDING.
dialog: This is it. This is real enemy territory now, and he knows
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ'S POV
text: The foreboding paranoia that everyone is staring at him.
text: Soldiers, security men, airport employees, other passengers.
text: They all seem to know his secret. They're all just waiting
text: for the axe to fall. Ramirez heads over to the Customs booth.
text: He turns back as a guard pushes him aside to let pass a rich
text: Arabic family. A young fat girl holding some toys grimaces
text: at him as she indelicately makes her way with her family
text: through the crowd. In the b.g. we notice a Mercedes waiting
text: for them through the glass doors of the airport. Ramirez
text: continues on his way towards the Customs booth. Behind a
text: curtain, he sees a man being searched.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: El Pass'port!
text: The sudden harsh voice jolts us all.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - OFFICIAL
text: Pockmarked face with exaggerated features. Ugly and mean.
text: Ramirez hands him his Colombian passport. The POUNDING
text: quickens.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Sheil el Nadara!
text: He barks in Arabic, motioning Ramirez to remove his
text: sunglasses. Ramirez does, fighting to remain calm under the
text: man's granite gaze. The official looks at the passport and
text: back at Ramirez. The following dialogue is in Arabic with
text: English subtitles.
text: Now and for every other scene in which Ramirez passes himself
text: off as Carlos, he has brown eyes.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Ricardo Moran Vargas?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: CLOSE - RAMIREZ'S FACE
text: Tiny beads of sweat begin to form on his forehead.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Your business?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Pipes. I sell pipes.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Pipes?
text: Ramirez nods, smiling apologetically, searching for the words
text: in Arabic. Ramirez struggles to appear calm. His heart's
text: POUNDING, however, intensifies.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: For the oil...
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Oil?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Pipes for oil... Petroleum...
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: (after a beat)
text: Step over behind the curtain.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Ramirez's luggage is being thoroughly searched by the
text: Official. Finally the Official looks up at him.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: All right. You can go.
text: Finally he stamps the passport.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBYA PALACE HOTEL - DAY
text: We have a shot of the cab, an old Mercedes coming towards
text: us, and then under the arch leading to the entrance of the
text: hotel. Ramirez steps out and he's assailed by a bunch of
text: kids begging and trying to grab his baggage. He looks around.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - POV RAMIREZ
text: Across the street at a cafe soldiers with guns laugh. From a
text: shop window, the silhouette of a man seems to look right at
text: us. Across the street, kids on a balcony throw a water balloon
text: at a horse pulling a cart and the horse bolts right in front
dialog: of Ramirez.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: As the street urchins continue to beg and grab at his luggage,
text: and the taxi driver demands impatiently to be paid, suddenly
text: out of nowhere, a bellboy appears and smacks one of the kids
text: who falls to the ground. They all disperse as the bellboy
text: takes the luggage and leads Ramirez who pays the cab driver
text: and then crosses to the hotel.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - LIBYA - DAY
text: The bellboy enters with Ramirez, sets down his bags and then
text: opens the shutters of the window. Ramirez tips him silently.
text: Once the bellboy has left, Ramirez walks to the phone and
text: checks it out. Then he crosses to the shutters. Perhaps he
text: sees a shadow looking in his direction from the dark apartment
text: across the street. He closes the shutters. Just then, there's
text: a LOUD KNOCK on the door. He jumps and automatically goes
text: for his gun. But he has no gun... and his heart begins to
text: POUND again. The LOUD KNOCK repeats itself.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Who's there?
text: An incomprehensible response in Arabic.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (in accented English)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Room service.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I not order nothing.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Iced water.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Iced water?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: The voice is young, and not too assertive. Ramirez consults
text: his watch and looks out the window again. Everything still
text: seems to be normal.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sir...?
text: Ramirez carefully opens the door. In walks a young, rather
text: innocent-looking WAITER with a jar of ice water. He wears a
text: fez on his head. As he places it on a table, Ramirez eyes
text: him with suspicion. Suddenly the waiter reaches underneath
text: his jacket and... pulls out a small handgun.
speaker_heading: ON RAMIREZ
text: He is frozen with fear.
speaker_heading: ON WAITER
text: Putting his finger to his mouth to signal silence, he shoves
text: the gun and silencer under a napkin. Then he takes off his
text: fez and from within, pulls out a small grenade and extra
text: clip of ammunition. Without any further attempt at
text: communication, he exits the room.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Jesus.
text: Ramirez walks back into the bathroom. He splashes water on
text: his face and takes three deep breaths and then slowly looks
text: up into the mirror... and finds Carlos.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN LIBYA - DOWNTOWN TRIPOLI - DAY
text: We SEE a beautiful dark haired woman of about thirty coming
text: down the street. There are several other pedestrians as well.
text: The woman is Agnieska. She carries a large bag of groceries.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - TRIPOLI, LIBYA - RESIDENTIAL AREA - DAY
text: A van is parked on the street. Agnieska walks along. The van
text: starts. A man whom we will come to know as VLADIMIR adjusts
text: the mirror. His partner NIKOLAI readjusts it and in it we
text: SEE Agnieska, walking. The two KGB operatives, now both see
dialog: Agnieska.
speaker_heading: VLADIMIR
dialog: [There she comes...]
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: [Do you see Misha?]
speaker_heading: VLADIMIR
dialog: [Not yet.]
text: Behind Agnieska about fifty feet behind her we SEE several
text: pedestrians, one is an Arab and another a European. Agnieska
text: goes up into an apartment building.
speaker_heading: VLADIMIR
dialog: [There he is.]
text: Around the corner comes another Arab businessman type. The
text: first Arab stops in front of the apartment house and bends
text: down to tie his shoe. The second Arab comes up alongside of
text: him and the first Arab gives an almost imperceptible nod.
text: The second Arab goes into the apartment house.
speaker_heading: VLADIMIR
dialog: [He's passing her to Leonid. For
dialog: Russians, they make good Arabs.]
text: The van makes a U-turn and pulls around the corner to give
text: them another vantage point of Agnieska's apartment.
scene_heading: INT. VAN - LIBYA - DAY
text: The two Russian operatives continue their stakeout of
text: Agnieska's apartment.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - LIBYA - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Agnieska enters the apartment. She opens the door and slowly
text: walks in. The apartment is dark. She is about to turn on the
text: lights when suddenly a hand grabs her from behind around her
text: mouth and another hand holding a gun snaps right down next
text: to her head. She drops the groceries and screams but the
text: hand muffles it. She struggles a bit but the person who holds
text: her hisses.
scene_heading: PERSON HOLDING HER
dialog: (in an Arabic accent)
dialog: SHHHHHHH. One sound and you're dead.
text: Outside the door we hear faintly the sound of footsteps. We
text: still cannot make out who is holding her. He appears to be
text: an Arab in traditional garb completely bald with mustache
text: and glasses. He speaks in a thick Arabic accent.
scene_heading: PERSON HOLDING HER
dialog: Carlos... when is he coming here?
text: He loosens the grasp on her mouth.
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about.
scene_heading: PERSON HOLDING HER
dialog: Don't play games with me. We've had
dialog: you followed. We know you're going
dialog: to meet him. Now, when?!
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: I don't know any Carlos... please
dialog: I'm telling you the truth.
text: The person holding her still has his gun at her head. He
text: cocks the trigger back with a loud noise. The gun has a
text: silencer on it.
scene_heading: PERSON HOLDING HER
dialog: This gun has a silencer. There won't
dialog: be any noise. Now talk!
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about... I'm not from here. I just
dialog: came to visit a girlfriend. This is
dialog: her apartment. She'll be here
dialog: tomorrow... please.
text: The person who is holding her throws her to the floor. He
text: stands over her.
scene_heading: PERSON HOLDING HER
dialog: You're lying...
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: I swear to you... I'm telling the
dialog: truth...
text: The bald Arab who was holding her slowly takes his belt out
text: of its loops and puts his gun back in his pants. He holds
text: the belt as if he is going to strangle her.
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: What... what are you going to do to
dialog: me.
text: PERSON WHO WAS HOLDING HER
dialog: First... I'm going to have some fun
dialog: with you... and then...
text: He reaches up to his glasses and takes them off and his
text: mustache and false nose...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Then I'm going to have something to
dialog: eat... I'm famished.
scene_heading: PRODUCTION NOTE: THE BEGINNING OF THIS SCENE SHOULD BE PLAYED
text: WITH ANOTHER ACTOR SO THAT THE AUDIENCE HAS NO HINT THAT
text: THIS IS RAMIREZ. THEN ON THE CUT WHERE HE TAKES OFF HIS
text: GLASSES, IT SHOULD BE THE ACTOR PLAYING RAMIREZ, BUT HE IS
speaker_heading: BALD.
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: You bastard! I haven't see you for
dialog: two years and this is the way you...
text: Ramirez laughs.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I had to be sure I could still trust
dialog: you.
text: He bends down to her and kisses her.
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: I came all the way to this god-
dialog: forsaken country didn't I? I've been
dialog: holed up in this place you arranged
dialog: for me for the past twenty-four
dialog: hours... I couldn't eat I couldn't
dialog: sleep... nothing just sitting in
dialog: here waiting for you.
text: He picks her up in his arms and starts carrying her to the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: So why did you leave. . .?
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: Whoever stocked this place with food
dialog: didn't leave much of a selection...
dialog: I wanted to go out and get some nice
dialog: things for you. You weren't supposed
dialog: to be here for another three hours.
dialog: I could have made a nice dinner.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I've got what I want to eat in my
dialog: arms right now.
text: He lays her down on the bed and pulls up her skirt and his
text: head goes down out of screen as Agnieska arches her back and
dialog: sighs.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR - LIBYA - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The silhouette of a fishing boat drifts along the coastline.
scene_heading: INT. FISHING BOAT - LIBYA - LATE AFTERNOON
text: We see the silhouettes of two men against the out of focus
text: backdrop of the city. They are Jack and Amos, chain smoking.
text: Both men dressed as fishermen. Jack checks his watch.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I wonder what he's doing now.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Practicing safe sex, I hope.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - APARTMENT IN LIBYA - SUNSET
text: Ramirez is in bed with Agnieska. She lays back smoking a
text: cigarette, sighing.
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: My God... my God...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Yeah... Now, let's eat.
text: He gets up and throws on his pants and crosses into the little
text: kitchen. Agnieska follows, draping a blanket around her. She
text: crosses to a window and opens it.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: Just getting some air in here...
dialog: Don't be so jumpy.
text: He turns back to the refrigerator and opens it. Agnieska
text: crosses to the fallen sacks of groceries.
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: Forget about what's in there... I
dialog: found caviar and, here's some pate.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Didn't like the food I'd left for
dialog: you, huh?
text: His eyes scan the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: Couldn't eat a bite of it.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON RAMIREZ
text: His eyes still scan. He pulls a cucumber out of the
text: refrigerator and takes a bite and makes a face.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Ughhh... I don't blame you.
text: He opens the lid on the garbage can and throws the cucumber
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON INSIDE OF GARBAGE CAN
text: At the bottom are cigarette butts. CAMERA ZOOMS IN ON ONE -
text: IT IS FILTER-TIPPED.
text: Ramirez turns around to her and comes up behind her.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Who was here smoking a filter-tip
dialog: cigarette my darling?
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: You don't smoke filters.
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: He grabs her by the back of the neck and shoves her face
text: down into the garbage can.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: That's what I'm talking about! The
dialog: filter-tipped cigarette. Who was
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: You're crazy... no one... I...
dialog: Illich... listen... I ran out of
dialog: cigarettes and... and I was at a
dialog: cafe and I bummed a cigarette... I
dialog: had a cigarette and coffee and came
dialog: back here... that's all.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
text: (loosening his grasp
dialog: just a little)
dialog: You bummed a cigarette... that's
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: Yes... yes... you know I can't have
dialog: coffee without a cigarette.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I believe you.
text: He straightens her up and rises with her. Then all of a sudden
text: he grabs her by the throat and starts to strangle her.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
text: The nearest cafe is two blocks away.
dialog: A cigarette wouldn't have lasted
dialog: that long... so you bummed a cigarette
dialog: but it wasn't in a cafe... it was
dialog: very close to here... In this
dialog: apartment building. Who did you meet
dialog: with? That window was a signal wasn't
dialog: it?! Wasn't it you puta bitch!
text: He starts to strangle her and we see not Ramirez but Carlos.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Tell me or you're dead!
text: He is choking the life out of her. She croaks out an answer.
speaker_heading: AGNIESKA
dialog: The French... the DST... They made
dialog: me... I didn't have any choice...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: You sold me out!
text: He is choking the life out of her when we hear footsteps
text: racing down the hall. Ramirez throws Agnieska down, grabs
text: his gun and grenade and races to the open window and goes
text: out onto the fire escape. His feet are bare. He has no shirt
dialog: on.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE - APARTMENT BUILDING - LIBYA - SUNSET
text: Ramirez comes out of the apartment onto the fire escape.
text: Bullets hit the wall next to him and below we SEE several
text: DST agents shooting up at him. A DST agent appears inside
text: the apartment and shoots at Ramirez. Ramirez moves out of
text: the way of the shattered window.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - POV RAMIREZ
text: looking down and across the alley.
scene_heading: INT. VAN - LIBYA - SUNSET
speaker_heading: VLADIMIR
dialog: [Gunfire?! What the hell is going
dialog: on?!]
text: The two Russian operatives get out of their van.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE - LIBYA - SUNSET
text: DST agents from below are shooting up at Ramirez. Their
text: gunfire destroys everything in sight. Ramirez leaps over the
text: railing and flies across the street, landing on a terrace.
text: His momentum is so strong that he is propelled through the
text: glass doors of the terrace.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - NEXT LEVEL - LIBYA - SUNSET
text: Ramirez goes through the window of the apartment as bullets
text: continue to fly. He cuts his feet on the broken glass.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - NEXT LEVEL - SUNSET
text: Ramirez quickly goes through the apartment, falling into the
text: room, landing hard where a family is eating and watching TV.
text: We see now that Ramirez is wounded.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HALLWAY - LIBYA - SUNSET
text: Ramirez comes out the door and starts toward the stairs.
text: Ramirez suddenly bangs into a DST agent. The two of them
text: look at each other in shock for a beat. Neither was expecting
text: the other to be there. The moment seems to last forever.
text: They are literally face to face. Which one will react first?
text: Ramirez takes half a step back, raises his gun and fires,
text: exploding the DST agent's forehead. Ramirez has a moment of
text: horror, splattered with the blood and brains of this man. We
text: Intercut a flash of the DST man being hit in an instant,
text: almost subliminal replay as if Ramirez's brain must register
text: the scene twice to comprehend it. Just then, a shot rings
text: out from below and Ramirez, who can't help staring in horror
text: at the dead man, flees once more for his life.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HOUSE - STAIRWELL - LIBYA - SUNSET
text: Two more DST agents follow the trail of blood up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - APARTMENT HOUSE - LIBYA - SUNSET
text: Ramirez arrives at the top of the stairs. Reaching the edge
text: of the roof, Ramirez looks across to the other side. The DST
text: agents arrive at the top and see Ramirez. Ramirez takes a
text: deep breath and jumps, barely making it, clinging onto a
text: pipe on the side of the building. Once again, we Intercut
text: the quick flashback of the DST man being shot. Then, as shots
text: ring out around him, Ramirez pulls himself up and gets away.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - APARTMENT HOUSE - LIBYA - SUNSET
text: Ramirez checks over the side of the building to see a DST
text: car following. One agent steps out and starts to shoot at
text: him. Ramirez fires back and shatters the windshield and then
text: jumps to the next rooftop.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - APARTMENT HOUSE - LIBYA - MAGIC HOUR
text: Ramirez's silhouette runs from roof to roof.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - APARTMENT - MAGIC HOUR
text: Ramirez trips over a piece of metal and crashes through the
text: metal roof of a shed, and then, landing, he takes off running
text: through the narrow alley below.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - APARTMENT - MAGIC HOUR
text: Ramirez runs down the dark and narrow alley.
scene_heading: EXT. NARROW ALLEY - MAGIC HOUR
text: Outside a Turkish cafe, a DST agent shoots at Ramirez. All
text: the diners duck for cover. Ramirez shoots out the lights,
text: the fixture sparks and flies off its hook, sending a string
text: of lights crashing down toward the DST agent, the bulbs
text: exploding around his head.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Ramirez arrives at a small street. In the distance we SEE
text: the lights of a bright and busy street. Suddenly, headlights
text: hit his face, gunfire rings out and Ramirez takes off followed
text: by the oncoming car.
scene_heading: INT. COURTYARD - LIBYA - NIGHT
text: Ramirez is running from the car dodging bullets. Ramirez
text: lobs a grenade at the car. It explodes right in front of the
text: car, not taking it out, just damaging it. Ramirez runs across
text: the street and is hit suddenly by a motorcycle which then
text: veers off and goes crashing into an oncoming car. Ramirez
text: gets up and runs into a doorway.
scene_heading: INT. COURTYARD - LIBYA - NIGHT
text: Ramirez, sweating and out of breath, scans his new and dark
text: surroundings. While bleeding, Ramirez suddenly turns around
text: and shoots. A DST agent falls out of the darkness, dead.
text: Ramirez hears something. Turning around, Ramirez shoots an
text: agent at the top of the building. The body falls and gets
text: tangled into the string of electrical wires. He reaches into
text: his pocket, pulls out another clip and re-loads.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - LIBYA - NIGHT
text: Ramirez comes out of the doorway and waves down a taxi.
text: Ramirez jumps into the driver's seat, pushing the driver
text: aside. When the driver resists, Ramirez throws him out into
dialog: the street.
text: A passing truck nearly hits the driver. Other Arabs start
text: approaching Ramirez but back off immediately once he raises
text: his gun. The taxi makes a U-turn and leaves, racing through
text: traffic. Ramirez checks his mirror and sees that he is picked
text: up by a DST car. They begin to shoot at Ramirez and his back
text: window shatters.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALLER STREET - LIBYA - NIGHT
text: Ramirez is driving full speed. The car jumps as it hits the
text: junction of the street. Ramirez continues to be followed by
text: the car of DST agents. Ramirez turns into a small alley.
scene_heading: EXT. NARROW STREET - LIBYA - NIGHT
text: Ramirez drives down the narrow street. The sides of the car
text: barely fit through. Sparks fly from the metal scratching
text: against the walls. The taxi's mirror pops off as the chase
dialog: continues.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALLER STREET WITH ARCHES - LIBYA - NIGHT
text: The cars continue to race through the streets. Ramirez
text: suddenly sees two kids coming out of a garage. Ramirez veers
text: out of the way and misses the kids. The car goes crashing
text: into scaffolding and paint drops down onto the windshield.
text: Once again, we Intercut the flashback of Ramirez killing the
text: first DST agent, being splattered with his blood. Ramirez
text: continues to drive away, wiping away the paint on the
dialog: windshield.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALLER STREET WITH CAFE - LIBYA - NIGHT
text: Ramirez tries to wipe away the paint. The cars continue to
text: race through the streets.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - LIBYA - NIGHT
text: The two cars disappear down a hill. Ramirez's vision is
text: blurred by the paint on the windshield. A car suddenly appears
text: that forces him to veer left into a stairwell. The taxi
text: descends the stairway. Ramirez suddenly pulls the parking
text: brake and the other car hits Ramirez's car and flips over it
text: and explodes. Ramirez, watching the explosion, takes off the
dialog: other way.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN LIBYA - NIGHT
text: On the harbor, a police car is seen next to Ramirez's taxi.
text: The sergeant reveals some blood inside the taxi but Ramirez
text: is nowhere to be found. We SEE the KGB on the scene.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR - LIBYA - NIGHT
text: The fishing boat enters the harbor. Jack stands on the deck
text: as the boat passes under a bridge. Out of nowhere a man jumps
text: onto Jack and shoves him to the ground. Holding him by the
text: neck, Amos appears and is about to hit Ramirez but Ramirez
text: grabs Amos' arm and stares at him.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA - LIBYA - NIGHT - ESTABLISHING SHOT
text: We SEE Carlos' villa through the barbed wire. The silhouette
text: of a guard is on top of the building.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The real Carlos is asleep in the bed with a beautiful Arabic
text: woman. A Japanese KOJ enters and taps Carlos on the shoulder.
text: Instantly he springs awake with a gun in his hand pointed at
speaker_heading: KOJ.
speaker_heading: KOJ
dialog: Illich... you must get dressed. There
dialog: was a shooting tonight... We have to
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: What shooting... who?
scene_heading: EXT. FISHING BOAT AT SEA - NIGHT
scene_heading: INT. FISHING BOAT - NIGHT
text: Jack and Amos are with Ramirez who is furious. Amos is binding
text: Ramirez's wounds.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What the fuck are you talking about,
dialog: you didn't know she was working with
dialog: the DST?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We didn't. How the fuck should we
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: They're our allies, for Christ's
dialog: sake!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They didn't tell us this time. Why
dialog: should they it was their operation.
dialog: And we sure as shit weren't gonna
dialog: let them in on you being here.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Why not?! That way they wouldn't
dialog: have tried to kill me and I wouldn't
dialog: have wound up killing them.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: It would have been too dangerous.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Too dangerous... what the fuck do
dialog: you think that was back there? Safe?
dialog: How the fuck more dangerous does it
dialog: have to get?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Annibal, the important thing was it
dialog: worked! The Russians have to think
dialog: it was Carlos now... . What did they
text: see? They trail the girl... and then
dialog: there's a shoot out. Let's make sure
dialog: they know it was DST... we can make
dialog: sure they get that information. If
dialog: they know the DST was there then
dialog: what were they doing there if it
dialog: wasn't to get Carlos. She betrayed
dialog: you, so tomorrow we take her name
dialog: off the bank account and we set up
dialog: another place for them to get their
dialog: pictures. We burned Libya but okay
dialog: so we'll find another place. The
dialog: only thing that matters is they've
dialog: got to believe it now. It's perfect!
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: You fuckin' maniac! I killed four
dialog: DST agents tonight! They're our allies
dialog: and they were tryin' to kill me and
dialog: I killed them. I killed our allies!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey fuck our allies!
text: Ramirez just looks at him in horror.
speaker_heading: AMOS
text: Annibal... policemen wind up shooting
dialog: other policemen... it happens. I
dialog: would rather have you here feeling
dialog: guilty about them than to know there
dialog: was a meeting in Paris tonight where
dialog: they were feeling guilty about you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Annibal... you did what you had to
dialog: do and it worked. All the training
dialog: worked. Carlos couldn't have done it
dialog: any better.
text: He smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. KGB HEADQUARTERS - MOSCOW - NIGHT
text: The Head KGB Officer is there with his aide. Both look as if
dialog: they've been up all night.
speaker_heading: KGB AIDE
dialog: [Whether Carlos was actually in there
dialog: with her or not we don't know... All
dialog: we know is there was a gun battle...
dialog: DST agents from what we've been able
dialog: to find out. But whether or not it
dialog: was Carlos...]
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: [If it was Carlos and he sent for
dialog: the girl... and she betrayed him...
dialog: Well... we should keep watch on the
dialog: girl. What he does about her will
dialog: tell us more than anything else.]
scene_heading: INT. VILLA - LIBYA - MORNING
text: Carlos sits in the closed Villa with Koj and four other
dialog: terrorists.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
text: So the moronic DST find an old
dialog: girlfriend and send her here to bait
dialog: a honey trap for me... and then they
text: trip over their own dicks and start
dialog: shooting each other... why?
speaker_heading: KOJ
dialog: There was a man with her... who we
dialog: don't know... They must have spotted
dialog: him come in... thought it was you
dialog: and moved too soon... before she
dialog: even made contact with you. Whoever
dialog: he was... he was awfully good.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Where is the girl now?
speaker_heading: KOJ
dialog: They've taken her to Paris.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: I want the bitch dead!
speaker_heading: KOJ
dialog: It won't be easy.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: If it was going to be easy I could
dialog: hire a couple of junkies. I want the
dialog: cunt dead! You handle it Koj. Hit
dialog: her in Paris, right under their
dialog: fucking noses and leave Europe through
dialog: London.
speaker_heading: KOJ
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Now! Leave now. Not this afternoon...
dialog: not five minutes from now... Now!
text: Koj gets up and leaves. Carlos turns to the others.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Something else troubles me my friends.
dialog: How was this woman going to make
dialog: contact with me. You're the only
dialog: ones who knew about this safe house.
dialog: So one of you was her contact.
text: They all start to protest too late as Carlos pulls out his
text: gun and shoots each of them.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - AGNIESKA'S BUILDING - DAY - EST. SHOT
scene_heading: SUPER OVER THE CIRCULAR STAIRWELL: PARIS - JUNE, 1987
text: Agnieska comes down the stairs, passes by camera.
scene_heading: EXT. AGNIESKA'S APARTMENT BUILDING - PARIS - DAY
text: A French DST security man comes out of the apartment building
text: first. He looks around the street and then nods. A second
text: DST man comes out of the building and gets in a black Renault
text: after first checking underneath it to make sure there is no
text: bomb and then popping the hood and examining the engine and
text: then examining the ignition wires. Satisfied, he takes a
text: deep breath and starts the motor and then the first DST man
text: nods inside the apartment building and another DST man comes
text: out with Agnieska next to him. He opens the door for her
text: when two shots ring out, both of them hitting her in the
text: forehead. The DST agents scatter for cover when suddenly the
text: car parked in front of the Renault explodes with tremendous
text: force and the DST agents are all hit.
scene_heading: INT. KGB OFFICE - MOSCOW
text: The Head KGB Officer is there. The Head KGB Officer has a
text: file opened on his desk. In it are photographs of Ramirez
text: jumping out of the apartment in Libya. None of the photographs
text: show his face clearly so there's no way of telling who it
text: is. Just then the Aide comes in and hands a telex to the
dialog: Head KGB Officer.
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: (reading it)
dialog: [When?]
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: [This afternoon... the girl and two
dialog: DST agents dead, one wounded.]
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: [So now we know... it was Carlos.]
text: He holds up the picture of Ramirez with just the back of the
text: head showing.
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: [We still have to tie him to the
dialog: CIA... if that is what's going on. I
dialog: won't make a move against him until
dialog: I know for sure.]
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: [Why?]
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: [Because my dear boy... four of his
dialog: colleagues shot in Libya, plus the
dialog: DST and now the girl. He's a very
dialog: dangerous fellow. One doesn't make a
dialog: move against such a man until one is
dialog: sure. And then one must move very
dialog: quickly and kill him... before he
dialog: has a chance to kill you.]
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON - HEATHROW AIRPORT - DAY
scene_heading: SUPER: LONDON - HEATHROW AIRPORT
scene_heading: INT. HEATHROW TERMINAL - ARRIVAL GATE - DAY
text: Ramirez crosses out of the arrival gate. He looks for all
text: the world like a business traveler who is completely alone.
scene_heading: INT. HEATHROW TERMINAL - CAFETERIA - DAY
text: The Cafeteria is crowded and noisy. Ramirez walks with his
text: tray as if looking for a table. There is an open seat where
text: Jack and Amos sit with their backs to each other at separate
text: tables. Ramirez crosses to Jack. Ramirez is still bald but
text: his hair has grown out a bit.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Is this seat taken?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, go right ahead.
text: Ramirez sits down and now the conversation is in hushed tones.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I want to go home. I want to see my
dialog: family.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This isn't the place for this
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (pissed off)
dialog: No rules, remember? I want to go
dialog: home. You said yourself we can't
dialog: move again till he leaves Libya. You
dialog: don't even know when that's gonna
dialog: be. He might stay there another year
dialog: for Christ's sake.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No he won't. He's gonna make a move
dialog: and it'll be in Europe just to stick
dialog: it up the DST's nose. I'm gonna go
dialog: and find out about our connecting
dialog: flight.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - RAMIREZ
text: He picks up his soup spoon and turns it over and uses it to
text: scan what's going on around him.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON - SPOON
text: IN the spoon we SEE Koj with a flight bag walking across the
text: cafeteria toward Ramirez.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Koj crosses around in front of Ramirez to get a better look,
text: obviously surprised to see what he thinks is Carlos. Koj
text: leans in close to Ramirez.
speaker_heading: KOJ
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Carlos... what are you doing here?
text: Ramirez looks at him, shocked for a moment and then
text: recovering.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: You idiot! Don't you know better
dialog: than to approach me in public!
speaker_heading: KOJ
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Excuse me sir... I only wanted to
dialog: know where I could buy a newspaper.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Go over there by the phone booths
dialog: and wait... I'll come to you.
text: Ramirez gets up casually.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON - AMOS
text: He has heard everything that has gone down.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON - KOJ
text: He waits, standing a few feet away and not by the phones as
text: he was told. He watches Ramirez. Something doesn't jibe...
text: passwords were not exchanged. He crosses to Ramirez's side.
speaker_heading: KOJ
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Excuse me sir... I asked if you knew
dialog: where I could buy a newspaper.
text: Ramirez stops for a moment. He knows that the line is some
text: kind of code and he has no response to give so he starts up
text: walking again. Koj is instantly behind Ramirez, his hand
text: going into his flight bag and pushing the flight bag up
text: against Ramirez's back.
speaker_heading: KOJ
dialog: Make the slightest move and I shoot...
dialog: and I don't miss. Walk to the rest
text: room, very carefully.
text: Ramirez does as he is told.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: Amos. He watches it all going down in the back of a chrome
text: napkin holder. He slowly gets up, looks around for Jack and
text: goes out into the corridor and sees Koj and Ramirez going
text: into the rest room. Koj sees one of those sandwich board
text: signs off to the side which says, "LAVATORY TEMPORARILY CLOSED
text: FOR CLEANING." He pulls it in front of the door.
scene_heading: INT. RESTROOM - STALL - HEATHROW AIRPORT - DAY
text: Koj has Ramirez's head with one hand, while he holds the gun
text: on him with the other. He forces Ramirez's head down deep
text: into the toilet bowl. He flushes. The water level sinks and
text: then rises, covering Ramirez's face. Koj holds him under
text: water long enough to almost drown him. Then, instead of
text: lifting his head out, he flushes again and the water level
dialog: lowers.
speaker_heading: KOJ
dialog: Tell me what I want to know quickly
dialog: or you're dead.
text: Just then Ramirez manages to kick back and overpower Koj and
text: send him flying back out through the door of the stall.
text: Ramirez is back on him in a second but Koj has his gun up
text: and pointed right at Ramirez's head. They have shifted
text: position now, so that they are not facing the stall, but the
text: door of the bathroom. Koj is about to pull the trigger when
speaker_heading: we HEAR:
speaker_heading: AMOS (O.S.)
dialog: Down!!
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Ramirez ducks and rolls out of the way and Amos fires two
text: shots into Koj's chest but not before Koj can get off a round
text: right into Amos' chest. In an instant Ramirez is on the still-
text: alive Koj grabbing his head in his hands and slamming it
text: down onto the edge of the sink with a thud that cracks his
text: skull. He quickly crosses to Amos who is dying.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Get out of here... now...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I've got to get you to a doctor.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Get out now...
text: Ramirez cradles him.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I'm not going to let you die here...
dialog: I've still got a lawsuit against
dialog: you, remember?
text: Here, Amos speaks as a doomed father would to a son who still
text: has a chance to save himself from the Holocaust.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: My dear boy... my dear dear boy... I
dialog: am dead. Please God, don't let it
dialog: all be for nothing... Get out now...
text: Ramirez stands as Amos literally pushes him away. Ramirez is
text: the brave and dutiful son as his father says, coaching,
dialog: teaching him to the last...
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Walk slowly... no attention.
text: Ramirez is ashen faced, knows Amos is right and forces himself
text: to stand up and walk almost robot-like out of the restroom.
scene_heading: INT. HEATHROW AIRPORT - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: On a long shot we SEE Ramirez walk down the corridor till he
text: sees Jack. He says a few words to him and then starts to
text: walk back toward the restroom. Jack grabs his arm and
text: literally walks him out of the corridor and down an escalator.
scene_heading: INT. HEATHROW AIRPORT - PHONE BOOTH - DAY
text: Jack and Ramirez stand next to a phone booth. Jack is on the
text: phone dialing. A voice with a cool British accent answers on
dialog: the other end.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: Cousins Industrial Maintenance, may
dialog: I help you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mister Simon Wicks, please.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
text: Ringing.
speaker_heading: WICKS (THROUGH PHONE)
dialog: Simon Wicks here.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is Jack Shaw. Could you send a
dialog: clean-up crew to Heathrow. We've had
dialog: a rather nasty spill.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR - IN RAIN - LONDON - DAY - ESTABLISHING SHOT
scene_heading: INT. CAR - IN RAIN - LONDON - DAY
text: Ramirez is with Jack who is on the phone.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes... I'm calling about my cousin...
dialog: Oh Jesus... Oh Jesus...
text: He shakes his head. Ramirez knows it means Amos is dead.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Oh God... no...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I understand... Yes... Good bye.
text: He hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Amos?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: He's dead.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Why?! Why didn't you let me go back
dialog: to him... If we'd have gotten him
dialog: help sooner instead of... instead of
dialog: "we had a rather nasty spill!" Is
dialog: that what it was Jack? Is that all
dialog: Amos was... a rather nasty spill,
dialog: mop it up, it'll be okay?! Huh?!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (dead panned)
dialog: He would have been dead anyway and
dialog: he knew it. That's why he told you
dialog: to get out.
dialog: Ramirez knows he's right.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Looks like you're going to get to
dialog: see your family after all.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're going home... it's off... for
dialog: the time being at least.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Bullshit! I want him. I want that
dialog: son of a bitch Carlos! And I want
dialog: him dead!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Tough shit what you want, Annibal.
text: Koj had a ticket for Libya on him.
dialog: Chances are he wasn't looking for
dialog: you but...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: He wasn't looking for me... He thought
dialog: I was Carlos!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's what I think too but the
dialog: Director wants an operation review
dialog: board... The DST shoot out... the
dialog: girl winds up dead in Paris... now
dialog: this... I've got to go back for the
dialog: review and you've got to go home.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: No way man... it was my fault... the
dialog: whole thing... I want him dead!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you mean it was your fault?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: When he asked me about the paper...
dialog: if I coulda just bullshitted my way...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It was a password... you didn't know
dialog: it... anything you would have tried
dialog: would have backfired. I had a thing
dialog: like that... Awfully warm for this
dialog: time of year... the response was,
dialog: yes but not as sticky as two summers
dialog: ago... the guy says anything else...
dialog: he even hesitates, you shoot him. I
dialog: shot him... There was nothing else
dialog: you could have done.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I'm not leavin' till we get him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nobody's askin' you. They're shuttin'
dialog: us down. You go back home... maybe
dialog: I'll see you again... maybe I won't.
dialog: You'll either hear from me or you'll
dialog: get new sea duty and that's the end
dialog: of it.
text: Ramirez just looks at him shocked.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Just like that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Just like that. I ain't the Madam
dialog: kid... I'm just one of the whores.
dialog: And so are you.
scene_heading: EXT. RAMIREZ HOME - VIRGINIA - DAY - RAIN
text: A taxi pulls up in front of Ramirez's house. Ramirez steps
text: out of the taxi dressed in his Navy uniform and carrying his
text: sea bag. He does not have a hat on and we SEE his head while
dialog: not bald, is now in the shortest of buzz cuts, certainly
text: much shorter than the way his wife last saw him. He stands
text: outside the house looking at it like an adult who has come
text: back to his boyhood home and finds it suddenly so small.
text: Just then the door opens. There is Maura holding the baby
text: and next to her, Joey. Ramirez runs toward them and they to
text: him and we SEE them in tableaux, embracing. An idyllic family
dialog: reunited.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RAMIREZ HOUSE - STUDY - VIRGINIA - NIGHT
text: We begin on a shot of Ramirez's chair. It rocks back and
text: forth violently as we PAN UP and SEE Ramirez, who is fucking
text: Maura. They are both fully clothed, skirt hiked up, fly
text: unzipped. This is not lovemaking. He is fucking her brains
text: out. It is passionate, rough sex. Maura hits high "C" as
text: Ramirez sweeps books off of a table, lifts her out of the
text: chair and lays her out on the table. The two of them climax
text: together. It is clear from Maura's look that this is the
text: best sex she's ever had. Ramirez slowly rolls off her. He is
text: smiling as well, and then becomes aware that Maura has begun
dialog: to cry.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: You've been with another woman...
dialog: haven't you.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Haven't you?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: No. What... what would make you say
dialog: a thing like that?
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: You're different...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Maura... I was on a submarine...
dialog: there aren't any women on
dialog: submarines... There was nothin' to
dialog: do but read. They had one of those...
dialog: how to improve your sex life books...
dialog: I must have read it about ten times.
dialog: I tried out a couple of things from
dialog: chapter three okay? I mean if it
dialog: didn't turn you on blame Doctor Ruth
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: (unconvinced)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Great. You want to check with the
dialog: Navy to see if we had shore leave...
dialog: I'll get you a fuckin' letter okay?
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: I don't need any letters. And I don't
dialog: need you to talk to me like that
dialog: either.
text: Ramirez gets up and zips up his fly.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Get somethin' to eat... I'm starving.
text: He exits.
scene_heading: EXT. RAMIREZ HOME - DAY
speaker_heading: SUPER: JULY, 1987
scene_heading: INT. RAMIREZ HOME - DAY
text: Ramirez comes into the house from the garage.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Maura... Maura!
text: Maura comes out of the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Where's the car? The car's not in
dialog: the garage. Where's the car?
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: The fellow at the service station
dialog: said it needed a tune up. I took it
dialog: in this morning... You didn't say
dialog: you were going to need it.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Don't do that anymore.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I don't want anybody workin' on the
dialog: car. Car needs something I'll do it.
dialog: But I don't want anybody touchin'
dialog: that car.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Why? What difference does it make.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: It makes a difference to me okay? So
dialog: don't do it.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Did you check the mail?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Yeah I checked the mail. Still nothin'
dialog: from the Navy. Why, you so anxious
dialog: to get rid of me?
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: I don't want you goin' back to those
dialog: subs. I'll tell you that.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Yeah well I don't have much to say
dialog: about it. It's the Navy you know.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: You can request another assignment.
dialog: It's changed you Annibal. It's hurting
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What's hurting us?
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Your attitude... that's what hurting
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: My attitude. I don't have an attitude
dialog: man... you got an attitude.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: You're suspicious of everything that
dialog: goes on... you snap at Joey, you
dialog: snap at me. I don't like it.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Look I just... it's hard gettin'
dialog: used to... you know... it's hard...
dialog: Listen... tomorrow's Joey's game.
dialog: Let's just go to Joey's game. It'll
dialog: be nice. It'll be like it always
dialog: was. You'll see.
text: He holds her to him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - NORFOLK, VA - DAY
text: It is Little League Day. Adorable kids are dressed up in
text: their uniforms ready to play the next level of baseball.
dialog: They have graduated from T-ball to coach-pitch, in which the
text: coach pitches the ball for the kids. There are hot dogs and
text: lounge chairs, family dogs and... fathers. The mothers are
text: there as well, as are brothers and sisters, but primarily it
dialog: is the fathers trying to fulfill their own dreams of sports
dialog: glory through their kids.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - RAMIREZ AND JOEY
text: Ramirez has his arm around Joey, giving him his last bit of
dialog: fatherly advice.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Okay... remember, what do we do?
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Keep my eye on the ball.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: And who's the guy who wins?
speaker_heading: JOEY
text: Whoever has fun, wins.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Right! So you go out there and have
dialog: fun.
text: He gives Joey "five" and Joey runs out to join his team at
text: their dugout. Ramirez starts walking about toward Maura and
text: the baby. As he does, he crosses next to another father,
text: FRANK, who is with his son TYLER. Frank is about six foot
dialog: four and to say that he is competitive would be the
text: understatement of the year. He is haranguing his kid as if
text: this were the deciding game of the World Series. He is on
text: one knee so we don't see just how big he is.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't want so see you out there
dialog: dickin' around today, you understand?
text: Tyler looks at his shoes. He is cowed and embarrassed.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You're gonna be focused and aggressive
dialog: and you're gonna play to win. Got
dialog: it?
text: Tyler is still staring at his toes.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hey, you think I'm talking just to
dialog: hear myself talk? Look at me when
dialog: I'm talking to you!
text: Frank suddenly smacks him in the face. Annibal stops in front
text: of the two of them.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Hey pal, lighten up, what do you
dialog: say? It's just a game?
text: Frank looks at Ramirez and stands to his full six foot four.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I said lighten up. It's just a game
dialog: and he's just a kid.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He's my kid.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Great. So why don't we let our kids
dialog: have a good time. Come on, I'll buy
dialog: you a beer.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't need you to buy me a fuckin'
dialog: beer, you piece of shit. And you
dialog: stick your face in my business again
dialog: and I'll beat the living fuck out of
dialog: you. What do you say to that?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - RAMIREZ
text: There isn't a trace of Ramirez here at all. It is pure Carlos.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What are you smilin' at, asshole?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (very quiet)
dialog: A dead man...
dialog: But before Ramirez can move, we HEAR:
speaker_heading: MAURA (O.S.)
dialog: Annibal... please!
text: Ramirez turns. Maura is there beside him.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Annibal please. Let's go sit down.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Good idea, Annabelle. Your ol' lady
dialog: just saved your ass.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Annibal... please... Please...
text: Maura tugs at Ramirez's arm and Frank smirks. Ramirez cages
text: the monster inside and turns with Maura. As he turns, Frank
text: turns to Tyler as if he cannot believe the boy is still there.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What are you doin' standing here?!
dialog: You're supposed to be over there
dialog: with your team! Now move!
text: The boy hesitates. Frank rears back his arm to hit him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I said...
text: But before Frank can complete the sentence and strike his
text: child, Ramirez comes flying through the air with a kick
text: planted straight to Frank's head. It is sudden and violent
text: and brutal. He comes down and with one side-kick, "knee-caps"
text: Frank, which is to say he hits the top of Frank's kneecap
text: and breaks it so that it is down around his shin. Frank starts
text: to drop but before he can, Ramirez grabs his ears and brings
text: his head down into his own swiftly rising knee. The result
text: is devastating and Frank's nose is now all across his face.
text: Blood is everywhere and Ramirez does it again. Now the object
text: is Frank's teeth, so that when his head comes off of Ramirez's
text: knee, his mouth is a mass of blood as well.
text: In slow motion, Ramirez turns and sees his son who stares in
text: horror at what his father has just done. At the same time,
text: maura is up and grabbing onto Ramirez. Ramirez however is
text: not done. Frank is completely defenseless now and Ramirez
text: leans him back across his knee, pulls him by the hair exposing
text: his throat like that of a sacrificial lamb about to be
text: slaughtered. This time instead of a knife, it will be a karate
text: chop from Ramirez which will crush Frank's windpipe and kill
text: him. But before he can deliver the blow, Maura grabs his
text: arm. He turns to her, almost about to hit her or throw her
text: off and the two of them are face to face as Ramirez looks
text: from her to his son and realizes how deep into the abyss he
text: has plunged.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR BALLPARK - NORFOLK, VA - DAY
text: An ambulance is receiving what is left of Frank on a gurney
text: as Ramirez is led away in handcuffs to a squad car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MARYLAND - DAY
text: The cell's metal door SCRAPES as it opens. The POLICE CAPTAIN
text: motions to Ramirez to follow him.
speaker_heading: MOVING
text: Leading Ramirez through a number of corridors, the Captain
text: stops at a closed door.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (opening the door)
dialog: He's all yours.
text: Remaining outside he motions Ramirez to enter.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - POLICE STATION - DAY
text: Ramirez enters and sees Jack who smiles his cynical smile.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Little League, huh? Tough game.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's show time.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - MARYLAND - DAY - RAIN
text: Ramirez exits with Jack and starts across the street in the
dialog: rain.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I got to have time to think it over.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: There isn't any time. He's on his
dialog: way to East Berlin. We have word
text: he's planning another attack in
dialog: Europe. He'll be there maybe four
dialog: days at the most.
text: Ramirez stops dead right in the middle of the street. The
text: traffic swirls around them.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Hey, I don't know what to do anymore,
dialog: okay? I almost killed some little
dialog: kid's father today. I don't know
dialog: about anything anymore.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey, he was a baseball dad. He
dialog: deserved it. Besides, from what I
dialog: heard his kid was out, so what's the
dialog: beef?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I don't know if I could come back
dialog: from it again.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What happened to I want the son of a
dialog: bitch dead? You think Carlos has had
dialog: a change of heart and turned nice
dialog: all of a sudden?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Don't tell me about Carlos, Jack. I
dialog: know exactly who Carlos is. I know a
dialog: hell of a lot better than you do.
dialog: But, maybe there's more important
dialog: things to me, like keepin' from goin'
dialog: crazy... like gettin' back to bein'
dialog: me instead of me bein' some kind of
dialog: fuckin' maniac.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You want to get back to bein' you?
dialog: Then finish it. Kill him. Kill him
text: and he's dead and it's over with.
dialog: You walk away from it now and what
dialog: do you think you're gonna be like
dialog: the next time you read that that son
dialog: of a bitch blew up some airplane
text: full of women and kids.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Hey, the guy deserves to be dead. I
dialog: know that.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This isn't abstract, Annibal. You're
dialog: walkin' around with his face. Sooner
dialog: or later one of the bad guys is gonna
dialog: see it like Koj did, and next time
dialog: Amos won't be there to take the bullet
dialog: for you. Carlos doesn't forget. You
dialog: help me get him or you're never gonna
dialog: know when he's comin' after you...
dialog: Listen to me kid. I don't have any
dialog: friends, no family, no nothin'. The
dialog: only relationships I ever had that
dialog: mattered to me were with the people
dialog: I killed. But I... I fucking created
dialog: you! You can't just walk away now.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: You did create me, didn't you...
dialog: From the beginning... that kid in
dialog: the hospital in Bethesda... when I
dialog: was supposed to be the doctor... It
dialog: was all bullshit, wasn't it? All an
dialog: act...
text: There is a long pause. Jack turns cold as ice.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This doesn't have anything to do
dialog: with you and me. It's you and Carlos.
dialog: You help me kill him... or I swear
dialog: to you... I'll make sure he knows
dialog: about you... I'll use you for bait.
dialog: You and your whole fuckin' family
dialog: too.
text: Ramirez grabs him and throws him against a parked car. He
text: begins choking Jack. He may well kill him. Though Ramirez
text: doesn't see it at first, Jack's gun is already out. Jack
text: nudges Ramirez in the stomach with it. Jack is choking, unable
text: to speak, but the gun is speaking for him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Huh? Huh?
text: Ramirez looks down and see the gun and loosens his grip.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You want to try and kill me, that
dialog: doesn't solve your problem, pally.
dialog: You've got a Carlos problem. That's
dialog: the guy you've got to kill. That's
dialog: what it's all about now... you...
dialog: and your family... or him.
scene_heading: INT. RAMIREZ HOME - KITCHEN - VIRGINIA - NIGHT
text: Ramirez is there alone with Maura. They are in mid-argument.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: No! I won't let you do it! You're
dialog: not going back to those subs! It's
dialog: changed you... You need help, Annibal.
dialog: You could get some kind of stress
dialog: disability or...
text: Suddenly, Ramirez bellows and slams his hand down on the
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Enough!
text: Maura is shocked by the sudden violence in him.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: No, not enough. Whatever is going on
dialog: out there with your job...
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: With my job!? What do you think my
dialog: job is, Maura... huh? What do you
dialog: think is out there? A nice, pretty
dialog: safe little world with shopping malls
dialog: and little league and ballet lessons.
dialog: You sit here in your little kitchen
dialog: and cook your little meals...
text: He looks at her almost in disgust. She sees the look and
text: slaps him. Faster than she could ever have considered, he
text: slaps her and sends her back into the wall. She holds her
text: cheek. He is an inch away from her face and now he is about
text: to show her Carlos, to become him in front of her.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: People are killing people out there!
text: Jackals are licking up their blood
text: waiting for the next corpse to drop...
dialog: and I'm one of them. You get that?
dialog: Do you get that now?!
text: He speaks very quietly, pulling the curtain aside, taking
text: off the mask and letting her see the full horror.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: I've murdered people. Not safe and
text: clean and surgical firing a missile
text: from some ship, but close and with
dialog: my hands so their blood splattered
dialog: on me... so their brains splattered
dialog: on me. And they weren't the enemy,
dialog: Maura... they were Allies. They were
dialog: on our side. It was just to keep a
dialog: cover... I've betrayed everything I
dialog: ever believed in. I've betrayed you...
dialog: I've fucked other women... I've killed
dialog: men... There was a woman I would
dialog: have killed but I just ran out of
dialog: time. I've let friends die... I've
dialog: become a terrorist... and I've made
dialog: you and the children a target. Do
dialog: you understand what I'm saying to
dialog: you? Do you see me now? Do you see
dialog: the monster? There's another one
dialog: worse than me and he is out there
dialog: and he will kill you and the children
dialog: if I don't kill him first... . That's
dialog: my job, Maura. And if you don't mind,
dialog: I'm late for work.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST BERLIN - DAY - ESTABLISHING SHOT
scene_heading: SUPER: WEST BERLIN - JULY, 1987
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN WALL - LOOKING INTO EAST BERLIN - DAY
text: We are ON the ramparts on the top of the Berlin Wall. These
text: are platforms from which people can stand and look into East
text: Berlin, they're covered with graffiti to the East Germans,
text: LET MY PEOPLE GO, that sort of thing. They look down over
text: they dingy wall that divides the city marked with machine
text: gun nests and observation posts. Jack stands there with
dialog: Ramirez.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We used a double agent to get word
dialog: to the Russians that Carlos is really
dialog: here to close his deal with us and
dialog: not to plan a new attack in Europe.
dialog: He has a new girlfriend... He's been
dialog: fucking her brains out since he got
dialog: here. He has her brought over every
dialog: night in a limo. You'll be dropped
dialog: near the mansion... as soon as she
dialog: goes in, you make as if you're
dialog: sneaking out... the Russians will be
dialog: watching. You'll go to the meet.
dialog: It's at that beer hall, there...
dialog: see? You see it?
text: Ramirez locates the beer hall through his binoculars.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You go to the meet at the beer hall.
dialog: Play it out... let 'em take your
dialog: picture... then you've got to get
dialog: back. They're going to have to analyze
dialog: the pictures and see through your
dialog: disguise before they can authorize a
dialog: hit. They won't be able to do that
dialog: before you're able to get back to
text: the mansion. At twenty-one fifteen a
dialog: Volga with diplomatic plates, DC-
dialog: four-five-nine-two will come by the
text: northeast corner of the compound. It
dialog: will slow down... you jump in. If
dialog: you can't make it for any reason,
dialog: there will be another run at exactly
dialog: twenty-one forty-five. It's your
dialog: only ticket out so don't be late.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Who do I meet? Who's my contact?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Me... My ass is on the line too.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Who cares? This isn't you and me.
dialog: It's me and him. If the Russians
dialog: don't go for the bait for any
dialog: reason...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If the Russians don't go for the
dialog: bait for any reason you will have
dialog: gotten out of there at twenty-one
dialog: fifteen per orders.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: If the Russians don't go for the
dialog: bait for any reason, I'll go in there
dialog: and kill him myself. And if I'm still
dialog: alive I might just come looking for
dialog: you.
scene_heading: EXT. CARLOS' HIDEOUT - EAST BERLIN - LATE DAY
scene_heading: SUPER: WEISSEN, EAST BERLIN
scene_heading: THROUGH BINOCULARS
text: Across a street with a tree-lined divider, a large mansion
text: surrounded by a ten-foot high brick wall. The mansion's front
text: windows are heavily shuttered, with little light filtering
text: through. Nearby is a small lake.
scene_heading: INT. IVAN AND ANDREI'S CAR - ACROSS FROM CARLOS' HIDEOUT -
speaker_heading: LATE DAY
text: Ivan looks through binoculars, staking out the mansion. He
text: suddenly becomes agitated.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: [Look!]
text: Andrei picks up his camera.
scene_heading: THROUGH BINOCULARS
text: A man's figure emerges stealthily from the shadows of the
text: mansion's back wall.
speaker_heading: ZOOM
text: The blonde, bearded Ramirez.
speaker_heading: ANDREI
dialog: [You think it's him?]
text: CLICK, CLICK, CLICK... The quick sound of the camera shutters.
text: Faintly we HEAR the sound of a motorbike start up. Then we
text: SEE Ramirez on the motorbike heading off. Ivan and Andrei
text: follow him at a distance.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD LEADING INTO EAST BERLIN - MAGIC HOUR
text: The KGB car falls in behind another car separating it from
text: the motorbike and follows Ramirez into town. He passes by
text: giant steam pipes in the foreground as the KGB car follows.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - EAST BERLIN - MAGIC HOUR
text: A tram wipes the screen to reveal Ramirez, on his motorbike,
text: followed by the KGB car. The landscape is desolate, with
text: drab row-houses. Ramirez gets to a red light. As it turns
text: green he sees the KGB car in his mirror. He jams across the
text: street, just barely fitting in between two criss-crossing
text: streetcars. Ivan and Andre lose sight of Ramirez.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - EAST BERLIN - DUSK
text: Ivan and Andre shoot forward and then slow, as they spot
text: Ramirez buying a newspaper at a newstand.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - RAMIREZ
text: He holds his motorcycle helmet in his hand, and using it as
text: a mirror, he sees the KGB car in its reflection. Satisfied
text: that they have caught up with him again, he walks across the
text: street to the beer hall.
scene_heading: INT. BEER HALL - DUSK
text: The large bierstube is crowded, noisy and enveloped in a
text: thick cloud of cigarette smoke. Its lively, at times rowdy
text: clientele is in various stages of intoxication. As the loud,
text: oom-pah-pah-pah band plays popular German music, those who
text: are not too busy eating, talking, or emptying liter-sized
text: beer steins, sing along.
speaker_heading: ON RAMIREZ
text: Fighting the crowd, he heads for the back of the beer hall,
text: looking for his contact.
speaker_heading: ON IVAN AND ANDREI
text: Entering the place, they pretend to be camera-carrying Russian
text: tourists. A common sight in East Berlin.
speaker_heading: ON RAMIREZ
text: He stops and stares.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ'S POV
text: Through the jam pack, the profile of a man, with a Tyrol hat
text: who sits along the back wall. Busy eating, he seems totally
text: oblivious to the hoopla around him. We can't really see his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: ON RAMIREZ
text: As he cautiously approaches what he thinks is Jack. It isn't
text: him. There is a sudden look of panic on his face and then he
text: spots Jack also in the same kind of hat. Lifting his head,
text: and turning to face Ramirez, we too recognize him. Under the
text: hat, and the new heavy eyebrows and mustache, is... Jack. He
text: smiles, takes off his hat, and motions his quest to sit down.
scene_heading: ON ANDREI (THROUGH IVAN'S CAMERA)
text: He's posing with a giant stein. A slight shift of focus and
text: we can see Ramirez. Jack, however, is hidden by the waiter's
text: back. Then, the Waiter moves on.
speaker_heading: ZOOM
text: A clear, unobstructed picture of Jack and Ramirez up close.
text: CLICK, CLICK, CLICK, CLICK, CLICK... The rapid CLICKING stops
text: only when the view of the two is blocked again by other
dialog: people.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE BEER HALL - DUSK
text: Ramirez emerges from the beer hall. He heads back to his
text: motorbike.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Seconds later, the two KGB come out. This time, only Andrei
text: takes after Ramirez. Ivan gets into a taxi which heads in an
text: opposite direction.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE MANSION - NIGHT
text: Reaching the mansion, Ramirez discreetly steals his way toward
text: its back wall. Then, just as slyly as he earlier had
text: materialized, he disappears.
text: ON VLADIMIR AT HIS POST
text: Watching Ramirez vanish into the mansion wall.
scene_heading: EXT. RAMIREZ'S HIDING PLACE - NEAR MANSION - NIGHT
text: He lies in the thick bushes, completely obscured from anyone's
text: view and now he removes the blond wig and the rest of his
text: disguise. Underneath his "disguise" clothes, he is wearing a
text: pair of black jeans and black T-shirt. He looks exactly like
dialog: Carlos now.
scene_heading: PRODUCTION NOTE: IT IS IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND WHAT IS GOING
text: ON HERE. THE REAL CARLOS HAS NOT DYED HIS HAIR BLOND. THIS
text: WAS NOT THE REASON FOR RAMIREZ PUTTING ON A BLOND WIG. THE
text: LOGIC HERE IS THAT IF THE "REAL CARLOS" WERE IN FACT GOING
text: TO A MEET WITH A CIA AGENT, HE WOULD HAVE PUT ON SUCH A
text: DISGUISE TO MAKE SURE HE WAS NOT SPOTTED BY THE RUSSIANS.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK VOLGA - EAST BERLIN - NIGHT
text: Jack takes off his disguise as he drives the Volga to the
text: appointed corner of Carlos' compound. He looks at his watch.
text: reads: 9:15 as he slows the car to a crawl.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Come on... come on...
scene_heading: EXT. RAMIREZ'S HIDING PLACE - NEAR MANSION - NIGHT
text: Ramirez watches as Jack cruises by.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Not till he's dead, Jack. Not till
text: he's dead.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK VOLGA - EAST BERLIN - NIGHT
text: Jack sees that Ramirez is not going to show.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Shit.
scene_heading: INT. KGB HEADQUARTERS - EAST BERLIN - NIGHT CLOSE ON MONITOR
speaker_heading: SCREEN
text: A head shot of Ramirez in his latest blond, bearded disguise.
text: Grainy and blurred at first, it's gradually being brought
text: into sharp focus.
text: PULL BACK to reveal a GROUP OF MEN closely watching the screen
text: of an impressive, state-of-the-art computer. We recognize
text: only one of them. Andrei. At the computer's sophisticated
text: keyboard -- manipulating the images on the screen -- are TWO
text: TECHNICIANS in white overalls. Right behind them stands the
text: Head KGB Officer from Moscow and his Aide.
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: (orders the technicians)
dialog: [Now Carlos.]
speaker_heading: ON SCREEN
text: It bisects, to allow a picture of the real Jackal (the
text: splitting image of Ramirez) to appear on the right half of
text: the screen.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: The Head KGB Officer puts on his glasses and takes a closer
text: look at the monitor.
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: [The beard and moustache.]
text: One of the two technicians toys with the keyboard.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - SCREEN
text: The beard and moustache on Ramirez' disguised image slowly
text: disappear. The two faces look very similar.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - SCREEN
text: A huge nose covers the entire left half of the screen.
speaker_heading: ZOOM
text: The upper part of the nose only. And... the incriminating
text: hairline where the bogus schnoz had been superimposed on the
dialog: real one.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN (O.S.)
dialog: [The nose is a fake.]
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: [Match the nose. And get rid of this
dialog: wig...]
text: As the aquiline nose assumes the shape of the Jackal's --
text: the hair changes both color and form to match his -- the two
text: faces on the screen become identical.
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: [Have you identified the one he was
dialog: meeting with?]
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: [His name is Jack Shaw. CIA
dialog: Counterterrorism.]
text: The Head KGB Officer turns to his Aide.
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: [Get me the MFS on the secure phone.
dialog: I want them out of the way.]
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - NIGHT ON MANSION GATE
text: It opens slowly. One by one, a half dozen MFS -- including
text: the two we've seen earlier -- sneak out. Just as furtively,
text: armed KGB -- led by the Head KGB Officer and his Aide move
text: in through the still-open door.
scene_heading: EXT. RAMIREZ'S HIDING PLACE - NEAR MANSION - NIGHT
text: He watches the KGB men enter the compound.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Don't blow it Comrades... kill him.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION
text: Meeting no resistance on the ground floor -- whose security
text: apparently has been the task of the MFS -- the intruders
text: climb the open, spiral staircase. They move cautiously,
text: silencer-equipped weapons in hand.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Reaching the upper floor, they hear the muffled sound of
text: RHYTHMIC MUSIC coming from the far end of the hallway to
text: their right. The Head KGB Officer motions his Aide to move
text: into the corridor to their left. He does, taking three KGB
text: with him. Four others -- including Andrei and Ivan -- follow
text: the Head KGB Officer into the hallway to their right.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: It's long, with several rooms on each side. As Vladimir moves
text: gingerly into the first one, Ivan covers him from the door.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: Illuminated only by the light which filters through the open
text: door, the room is quite dark. A faint sound of SNORING reaches
text: Andrei from the bed closest to the door. Quickly there, his
text: arm goes up. Then, for a split second, the flash of metal as
text: the knife comes down hard. The victim's last MURMUR. Followed
text: by the SOUND OF MOVEMENT at the other bed.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: In the beam of Ivan's flashlight, a waking JAPANESE is
text: reaching for his gun. Pffft. Pfffft. And he too falls back
dialog: to sleep. Eternally.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER ROOM - MANSION
text: TWO more JAPANESE in the midst of a Go game meet the same
text: fate. A burst from Head KGB Officer's automatic finishes
dialog: them off.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY AND OTHER ROOMS - MANSION
text: Doing away with several more of Carlos' multinational gang,
text: the five KGB finally reach the room with the large, heavy
text: French doors at the end of hallway.
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE CARLOS' BEDROOM
text: Quietly approaching the carved-wood doors, a KGB tries the
text: knobs. The doors are locked. Suddenly, the pulsating LATIN
text: BEAT which emanated continuously from behind the doors, stops.
scene_heading: ON HEAD KGB OFFICER
text: He's startled by the sudden silence.
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: [Quick! Quick!]
text: Not wasting any time, Andrei and Ivan kick the doors open.
text: Diving to the side, they cover the other two KGB who storm
text: in with their Kalashnikovs very much at the ready.
scene_heading: INT. CARLOS' BEDROOM - MANSION ON CARLOS' BED
text: The voluptuous blonde -- her body glazed with post-coitus
text: sweat -- is paralyzed with fear; covering her prized assets
text: seems the last thing on her mind. She gapes at the KGB
text: marauders with wide, blue eyes. Not so, Ramirez's look-alike.
text: Caught reaching from under the sheets to replace the tape in
text: the stereo by the bed, he instinctively tries for his gun.
scene_heading: ON HEAD KGB OFFICER
text: Standing at the door. His automatic no longer has a silencer.
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Don't even think about it. It would
dialog: deprive the KGB of the pleasure of
dialog: interrogating you.
speaker_heading: ON CARLOS
text: Surprisingly, he seems quite relieved.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: KGB? I thought...
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: What? That we were your new friends...
dialog: The CIA... Jack Shaw...
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Jack Shaw...?
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: Stop playing games. And it's no use
dialog: looking behind me... Your associates
dialog: can no longer be of assistance. Not
dialog: to you, not to anyone...
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Comrade, you'd getter have an
dialog: explanation --
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: You've got it all wrong, Illich.
dialog: It's you who has all the explaining
dialog: to do... Now get dressed!
dialog: (to the blonde)
dialog: You too, Fraulein.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: My pants...
text: The Head KGB Officer motions to Andrei, who throws Carlos
text: his pants -- but not before checking to make sure there's no
text: weapon in them. He then hands the blonde -- who finally hides
text: her bazooms behind a sheet -- her clothes.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (continuing; getting
dialog: dressed)
dialog: That's what was going on in Libya.
dialog: The CIA... The DST... They're trying
dialog: to set me up and you're falling for
dialog: it, you idiot!
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: Enough. We tailed you to your meeting.
dialog: We have the pictures of you with
dialog: Shaw.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: That's impossible. I've been here
dialog: all night.
dialog: (points to the blonde)
dialog: Ask her.
dialog: (to the blonde)
dialog: Tell him.
speaker_heading: ON BLONDE
text: She's putting stockings on a pair of legs that could distract
dialog: even the most committed KGB.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: (in a voice matching
dialog: her looks)
dialog: It's true. All night...
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: (unimpressed)
dialog: We know about your women... Now hurry
dialog: up, both of you!
speaker_heading: ON IVAN AND VLADIMIR
text: With Kalashnikovs still trained on Carlos, they seem unable
text: to resist stealing glances at the blonde.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (to Head KGB Officer)
dialog: I'll prove it to you. You'll be
dialog: pleading for my forgiveness. Let's
dialog: just go. I want to be interrogated.
dialog: I demand to be interrogated.
text: He seems truly eager to leave with them now, as if confident
text: he can prove his case. Dressed, with the exception of a
text: jacket, he casually grabs one which lies on a nearby chair.
speaker_heading: HEAD KGB OFFICER
dialog: WAIT!
text: Too late. The Scorpion machine-pistol is already out, spouting
text: deadly accurate fire. He kills the Head KGB Officer first,
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: ON KGB
text: They drop like flies, their bullets hitting everything but
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ON BLONDE
text: Hysterical, she screams her healthy lungs out.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MANSION
text: Suddenly there's the sound of APPROACHING STEPS. The KGB are
text: down the corridor, rushing to the bedroom, led by the Aide.
speaker_heading: ON CARLOS
text: He doesn't hesitate. Firing a few rounds at them, he sprints
text: toward the window and literally flies through its shattering
dialog: glass.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - TREES - NIGHT
text: Ramirez lies in some bushes about fifty yards from the house,
text: dressed in the black jeans and T-shirt. He hears the gunfire
text: from the mansion.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: What the fuck?
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION COURTYARD
text: It's a dark night, and only a few dim lights illuminate the
text: rather large back yard.
speaker_heading: ON CARLOS
text: Landing in a bed of flowers, he rolls, and is quickly on his
text: feet with the machine-pistol in hand.
speaker_heading: ON TWO ARMED KGB
text: Securing the courtyard, they rush to the spot where,
text: apparently, they'd seen him land. Carlos, however, is no
dialog: longer there.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Glued to the back of a tree, the Jackal cuts them down with
text: one short burst and goes for the KGBs who appear at the broken
text: window. As they take cover, he quickly confiscates a
text: Kalashnikov from the dead KGB closest to him and makes it to
text: the high wall which encircles the place.
text: Carlos climbs over the wall with the Kalashnikov and drops
text: outside the compound to the grass below.
text: ANGLE ON RAMIREZ IN THE GRASS
text: He sees to his horror that Carlos is getting away. He is
text: ready to scream, going crazy. He has no gun, he wouldn't
dialog: stand a chance against Carlos, but there is no way he is
text: going to let him get away, no way. He looks around for a
dialog: rock... anything.
text: There is nothing. Carlos turns his back. Ramirez sees his
text: chance, he gets up on one knee ready to make his move when
text: suddenly he sees two more KGB guys come running around the
text: wall of the compound.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON RAMIREZ
text: He mouths the words:
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Kill him... Kill him...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CARLOS
text: He whirls and fires at the two KGBs who fall.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON RAMIREZ
dialog: He can't believe it. Carlos is getting away?
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CARLOS
text: He suddenly gets a look as if he feels someone's presence.
text: His eyes open wide and he starts to turn when Ramirez comes
text: flying out of the darkness and leaps on Carlos. The two are
text: dressed exactly alike. Carlos is hit from behind and is
text: stunned and drops the assault rifle.
text: Ramirez has Carlos down and is choking him. Carlos looks up
text: at him more shocked than anything else. Finally Carlos manages
text: to break the grasp and kicks Ramirez off. Now it is a dazzling
text: display of martial arts. Then Ramirez charges Carlos and
text: tackles him and the two go rolling off into the bushes and
text: darkness. When they roll out of the bushes we have no idea
dialog: which one is which or who we should be rooting for. Just
text: then Jack's Volga drives up at the side.
text: ANGLE ON THE TWO CARLOSES
text: They roll over onto the bodies of two dead KGB. There is a
text: Kalashnikov on the ground pointed into the Carlos on the
text: bottom's side. The Carlos who is on top manages to get his
text: finger over to the trigger and pulls it sending a burst into
text: the Carlos on the bottom's body. Just then the Carlos on top
text: looks up and sees Jack standing over him with a gun pointed
text: at him ready to shoot. In b.g. we HEAR cars with sirens
text: approaching. The Carlos on top looks over to Jack who is
text: ready to shoot him.
speaker_heading: CARLOS ON TOP
dialog: Don't shoot. It's me you asshole!
text: Jack just stares at him and then lowers his gun.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Let's get the fuck out of here.
text: He turns around and starts to get into the Volga. The Carlos
text: on top, whom we just thought was Ramirez bends down and
text: reaches for the dead KGB's pistol.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JACK
text: He gets that sixth sense feeling and turns around, his gun
text: raised and pointed at the man whose hand is now on the pistol.
text: Is it Carlos or Ramirez, who is standing there with pistol
text: in hand almost turned to Jack but still at a disadvantage in
dialog: this Mexican stand off.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Have you come looking for me now,
dialog: Annibal?
text: THE MAN WITH THE PISTOL
dialog: What the fuck are you talking about...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Awfully warm for this time of year
dialog: isn't it?
dialog: The man with the pistol knows this is a password of some
text: kind and the look on his face betrays the fact that he doesn't
text: have an answer. Jack is just about to shoot him when a burst
text: of machine gun fire is heard from the approaching cars and
text: it rips into the tree next to Jack who dives for cover.
dialog: That act of self-preservation gives the man we now realize
text: is the real Carlos the chance he needs. With catlike grace
text: he dives, rolls and vanishes into the shadows. He has gotten
text: away and Jack has to decide whether to go after his quarry
text: or rescue his friend. He opts for the latter, scoops up
text: Annibal and throws him into the Volga and speeds off as cars
text: approach from the other side.
scene_heading: EXT. BETHESDA NAVAL HOSPITAL - DAY - ESTABLISHING
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM - BETHESDA NAVAL HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Ramirez is in bed, hooked up to all the monitors and tubes
text: and IVs but he is going to make it. Jack is there with him,
text: having just entered.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Any word?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How you feeling?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Did he get away?
text: Jack nods his head. Ramirez almost breaks down in tears.
text: Jack crosses to him to comfort him.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Then it was all for nothing... the
dialog: whole thing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No it wasn't. He's finished. The KGB
dialog: bought it. As far as they're
dialog: concerned, he's the enemy now. He'll
dialog: bounce around from one country to
dialog: the next. But his paymasters have
dialog: disowned him. None of their client
dialog: states will risk using him. No one'll
dialog: trust him again. He'll spend the
dialog: rest of his life looking over his
dialog: shoulder waiting to be betrayed. And
dialog: it'll happen... sooner or later...
dialog: when it's to some country's
dialog: advantage... they'll give him up or
dialog: they'll trade him. He's finished. It
dialog: worked and he's finished.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Not for me he isn't... There are
dialog: still two of us...
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY HOSPITAL - DAY
text: A car pulls up at the hospital and Maura gets out and enters
dialog: the hospital.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. RAMIREZ'S ROOM - DAY
text: Maura is there with Ramirez. He is in mid-conversation with
text: her. We don't know how long she's been there. He opens his
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Is it over?
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: No.
text: She crosses to him and gently takes his hand in hers.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: You have to make a new life for
dialog: yourself and the children.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Maura, anytime I start a car I'll
dialog: wonder if this is the one that
dialog: explodes. I couldn't bear the thought
dialog: of you and the children being in
dialog: that danger. He'll want me and
dialog: everyone I've ever loved to be dead.
dialog: Trust me... I know how he thinks
dialog: because it's the way I think now
dialog: too. I am so... sorry. I am so
dialog: sorry...
text: Maura looks at him imploring him with her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: I won't leave you.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Maura, when my father was put into
dialog: prison he told my mother to take me
dialog: and leave and start a new life. That's
dialog: what you've got to do.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: You're not in prison and I'm not
dialog: your mother and I won't leave you. I
dialog: will not let him do this to us. Not
dialog: him... not the CIA... not anyone.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: He'll come after me.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Get me a gun and teach me to shoot
dialog: and he'll have to deal with both of
dialog: us. This animal will not destroy my
dialog: family. Please... come home.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RAMIREZ HOME - VIRGINIA - DAY
text: We hear a phone ring and it is picked up.
speaker_heading: MAURA (O.S.; THRU PHONE)
dialog: Hello...
text: We hear the voice of a friend of hers named GRACE.
speaker_heading: GRACE (O.S.; THRU PHONE)
dialog: Hi... listen, do you and Annibal
dialog: want to come over with the kids for
dialog: a barbeque this afternoon?
speaker_heading: MAURA (O.S.; THRU PHONE)
dialog: Uh sure, I think... but could I call
dialog: you back later? We're just about to
dialog: go to church. Annibal and the kids
text: are already in the car.
speaker_heading: GRACE (O.S.; THRU PHONE)
dialog: Okay, call me when you get back.
speaker_heading: MAURA (O.S.; THRU PHONE)
dialog: Great. Talk to you later. Bye bye.
text: We hear the phone hang up. We hear the sound of a door opening
text: and closing that leads into the garage from the house. We
text: hear the sound of a car door opening. And then the key turning
text: in an ignition. And then the door is blown off the garage as
text: we see the Ramirez family car burst into an inferno and blaze
text: away inside the garage in a fiery blast which would kill one
text: and all instantly.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: The cemetery is set up for a funeral. There are various Navy
text: officers and their families in the chairs. At the back of it
text: all stands Jack wearing sunglasses, his face a mask into
dialog: which it is impossible to read any emotion of any kind. There
text: are four graves and four coffins, two adult-sized and two
text: small ones. Admiral Crawford addresses the mourners.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: How does one even begin to comprehend
dialog: a tragedy like this. A highly
text: respected Naval officer returns from
dialog: six months of hazardous duty. He has
dialog: escaped the danger we all come to
dialog: know in the service of our country.
text: He is about to go to church with his
dialog: beloved family and in an instant...
dialog: they are no more. They are with God.
dialog: Our minds cannot comprehend such
dialog: tragedy... only an undying faith in
dialog: the Almighty a faith that says even
dialog: though we cannot see it, there is a
dialog: plan. That and the knowledge that as
dialog: in life, so for eternity are they
dialog: together...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JACK
text: He whispers to himself as he takes off his sunglasses.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Now you're free.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ST. MARTIN - DAY
text: It is a beautiful island community with clusters of villas
text: overlooking a magnificent coastline. A postal truck winds
text: its way towards one of the houses.
text: The POSTMAN gets out of his truck and crosses to the door of
text: the house. He knocks on the door. The door opens... it is
dialog: Ramirez... or Carlos... we don't know which. He wears shorts
text: and a shirt.
speaker_heading: POSTMAN
dialog: Mister Mendoza?
speaker_heading: MENDOZA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: POSTMAN
dialog: Special delivery letter for you sir.
text: The Postman hands the man an envelope. He signs for it and
text: opens the envelope. It is a newspaper clipping...
text: ANGLE ON THE NEWSPAPER CLIPPING
text: The headline is: NAVAL OFFICER AND FAMILY KILLED IN FIERY
text: CRASH. There is a handwritten note attached. It says, "Rest
dialog: in Peace."
speaker_heading: POSTMAN
dialog: Not bad news I hope.
speaker_heading: MENDOZA
dialog: Someone... died.
speaker_heading: POSTMAN
dialog: I'm so sorry.
speaker_heading: MENDOZA
dialog: This guy's better off dead.
speaker_heading: POSTMAN
dialog: No one is better off dead I think.
speaker_heading: MENDOZA
dialog: Some people are.
text: He tips the postman and closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - ST. MARTIN - DAY
text: Mendoza crosses into the house holding the newspaper clipping.
text: He takes a cigarette lighter and burns it and across his
text: face there is a hint of a smile... a very cold smile. He
text: crosses out to the veranda. Down on the beach below, we SEE
text: Maura and the baby and Joey playing.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Poppi... come down and play with us.
text: We now know the man is Ramirez. He walks down the steps of
dialog: his house to the beach to his wife and his children as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MEDICAL BUILDING - SUDAN - DAY
scene_heading: WE SUPER the following: SUDAN 1994
text: Two bodyguard types wait outside the building at the entrance.
text: An old man who walks with a cane and whose face is horribly
text: disfigured by burns hobbles in to the medical building. He
text: passes a plaque on the wall that says in English and Arabic:
scene_heading: DR. WASFI MUHAMMED, M.D.; PhD.
dialog: Cosmetic and Plastic Surgery
text: We SUPER THE FOLLOWING:
text: NO FURTHER ACTS OF TERRORISM WERE EVER ATTRIBUTED TO CARLOS
text: AGAIN. HE MOVED TO YEMEN, THEN JORDAN, THEN SYRIA AND FINALLY
text: TO THE SUDAN.
scene_heading: INT. REST ROOM - MEDICAL BUILDING - SUDAN - DAY
text: The old man locks the door and stands in front of the mirror.
text: He pulls off the burn makeup and scalp wig and we see that
text: he is Carlos. Several years older, but unmistakable. He takes
text: off the old man's clothes and stuffs them in a trash can and
text: underneath he wears the black jeans and T-shirt. Then he
text: straightens up and exits the rest room.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR BETWEEN RESTROOM AND DR.'S OFFICE - MEDICAL
scene_heading: BLDG. - DAY
text: Carlos walks down the corridor and enters the medical suite
text: of Doctor Wasfi Muhammed. There is a plaque on the door which
dialog: says, DR. WASFI MUHAMMED, M.D., PhD, Cosmetic and Plastic
dialog: Surgery.
scene_heading: INT. DR. MUHAMMED'S OFFICE - SURGERY SUITE - DAY
text: This is a surgery suite complete with gas anesthetic, a kind
text: of high-tech barber chair that reclines for full surgery,
text: gleaming scalpels, etc. DR. MOHAMMED is there with Carlos.
text: The Doctor is hastily washing his hands.
speaker_heading: DR. MUHAMMED
dialog: You're quite early. I wasn't expecting
dialog: you for another half an hour.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: I like to be unannounced. It's safer
dialog: that way.
speaker_heading: DR. MUHAMMED
dialog: Yes, yes, of course. If you'll just
dialog: have a seat. I've done everything as
dialog: you said. My assistant has been let
dialog: go for the day. I'll administer the
dialog: anesthetic myself. I assure you sir,
dialog: you are completely safe here.
text: He turns around to look into the barrel of Carlos' drawn and
text: cocked .38 automatic.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: I know.
scene_heading: EXT. MEDICAL BUILDING - SUDAN - DAY
text: The scene is as before. The two bodyguards stand watch.
text: Suddenly a car pulls up. Another bodyguard gets out and out
text: of this car steps Carlos. The bodyguards acknowledge him as
text: he enters the building.
scene_heading: INT. DR. MUHAMMED'S OFFICE - SURGERY SUITE - DAY
text: Carlos leans back in the surgery chair. There is an IV
text: attached to his arm. A Doctor in a surgical mask stands over
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Feeling drowsy now?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Would you like to see what your new
dialog: face is going to look like when we're
dialog: done?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Yes... of course.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: It's going to look just like this...
text: He pulls down his surgical mask and Carlos looks up at his
text: own face. It is Ramirez. He holds Carlos, who struggles
text: against the anaesthetic. Suddenly, a second pair of hands
text: grab Carlos as well. It is Jack.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF MEDICAL BUILDING - SUDAN - DAY
text: An ambulance is pulled up at the rear entrance and two
text: attendants push a gurney out of the building with a patient
text: whose face is covered by an oxygen mask. The two attendants
text: push the gurney into the ambulance and race off.
text: CARLOS WAS FINALLY ARRESTED IN THE SUDAN AND FLOWN TO FRANCE
text: TO STAND TRIAL IN AUGUST OF 1994.
text: As the ambulance pulls off with its siren blaring, WE CONTINUE
scene_heading: WITH THE CRAWL:
text: INTELLIGENCE SOURCES BELIEVE HE WAS TRADED TO THE FRENCH BY
scene_heading: THE SUDANESE GOVERNMENT IN A BID TO OBTAIN WESTERN AID. THERE
scene_heading: ARE RUMORS THAT TWO RETIRED CIA AGENTS PLANNED AND EXECUTED
scene_heading: HIS CAPTURE.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
