dialog: 
text: "THE DAY THE EARTH STOOD STILL"
dialog: by
dialog: Edmund H. North
dialog: Revised final draft
dialog: February 21, 1951
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - PACIFIC ISLAND - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Backgrounded by palm trees and rolling surf, an American
text: army radar operator sits at his huge instrument, intently
text: tracking a target. Without interrupting this, he speaks with
text: tense excitement into a telephone transmitter strapped to
text: his chest. (It is 8:00 a.m.)
text: (In this and the subsequent scenes, music and cutting build
text: to an exciting crescendo).
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - HONG KONG - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: A group of British soldiers, in shorts and tropical gear,
text: are gathered tensely around a piece of radar equipment, which
text: is tracking a target. The radar operator says something to
text: another soldier, who turns and speaks excitedly into a field
text: telephone. (It is 5:00 a.m.)
scene_heading: INT. INDIAN RADIO STATION - NIGHT
text: The microphone bears the word CALCUTTA. An Indian announcer,
text: his expression one of excitement and terror, jabbers into
text: the mike in a native tongue. A clock on the wall indicates
dialog: that it is 2:26
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSIAN BOMBER IN FLIGHT - (STOCK) - NIGHT
text: The plane is identified by a red star on the fuselage.
scene_heading: INT. RUSSIAN BOMBER - NIGHT
text: The radioman is tracking an object on his radar scope. He
text: points it out excitedly to the pilot. The pilot adjusts his
text: microphone and starts making a report back to his base in
dialog: Russian.
scene_heading: EXT. FRENCH VILLAGE - STREET CORNER - MED. CLOSE SHOT -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: A group of French farmers is collected around a radio,
text: listening wide-eyed to the keyed-up voice which is telling
text: them, in French, of a strange object that has been seen in
text: the sky. They exchange uneasy glances. One old man crosses
dialog: himself.
scene_heading: SPLIT SCREEN SHOT
scene_heading: RIGHT SECTION OF SCREEN SHOWS INT. AMERICAN RADIO STATION -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: A breathless American radio reporter is speaking into his
text: mike, but we can't hear what he's saying. On the wall behind
text: him is a clock which reads 3:32.
scene_heading: LEFT SECTION OF SCREEN SHOWS INT. BRITISH RADIO STATION -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: A clock shows the time to be 8:32. The British announcer
text: tries to maintain his traditional BBC calm, but finds it
text: almost impossible to control his excitement.
scene_heading: BRITISH ANNOUNCER
text: Reports are coming in from all over
dialog: the Empire -- from all over the world.
dialog: The Government have not yet issued a
dialog: statement, but there seems to be no
dialog: question that there actually is a
text: large, unidentified object circling
text: the earth at incredible speed.
text: This announcer keeps talking, but his voice fades out, and
text: now we hear the words the American announcer is saying...
speaker_heading: AMERICAN ANNOUNCER
dialog: (staccato with
dialog: excitement)
dialog: We still don't know what it is or
dialog: where it's from –- but we do know
dialog: there's something there. It's been
dialog: tracked around the world by radar
dialog: traveling at a rate of four thousand
dialog: miles an hour.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK TAXI - DRIVER AND FARE – DAY
text: The driver and his fare are listening intently to the radio,
text: as we hear the voice of another radio reporter.
scene_heading: 2ND RADIO REPORTER
dialog: (voice off scene)
dialog: This is not another "flying saucer"
dialog: scare. Scientists and military men
dialog: have already agreed on that. Whatever
dialog: this is -- it's something real.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN GAS STATION
text: The attendant, who is filling a car with gas, leans around
text: to hear the car's radio, oblivious to the fact that the car's
text: tank is overflowing.
scene_heading: 3RD RADIO REPORTER
dialog: (voice off scene)
dialog: We interrupt this program to give
dialog: you a bulletin just received from
dialog: one of our naval units at sea. "A
text: large object, traveling at supersonic
text: speed, is headed over the North
text: Atlantic toward the east coast of
dialog: the United States."
text: Music builds to a climax and ends.
scene_heading: INT. WASHINGTON RADIO STATION
scene_heading: 4TH RADIO REPORTER
dialog: (with deliberately
dialog: controlled calm)
dialog: Here in the nation's capital, there
dialog: is anxiety and concern, but no outward
text: sign of panic. As a matter of fact,
text: there are signs of normalcy that
text: seem strangely out of place; the
dialog: beautiful spring weather, the tourist
text: crowds at the various monuments and
dialog: public buildings...
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN MEMORIAL - LONG SHOT (STOCK)
text: A small crowd of tourists is climbing the steps to the
text: columned entrance.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON MONUMENT - LONG SHOT (STOCK)
text: Under this shot a barely audible, distant hum is heard. It
text: grows in volume so imperceptibly in this and the next two
dialog: shots that we are unconscious of it.
scene_heading: EXT. JEFFERSON MEMORIAL - LONG SHOT (STOCK)
scene_heading: EXT. THE MALL - LONG SHOT
text: Crowds are strolling on the Mall and across the well-kept
text: lawns in front of the Smithsonian Institution with the
text: leisurely, meandering quality that distinguishes sight-seers.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Including several small groups of people moving toward the
text: Smithsonian. Their attention is attracted as the hum off
text: scene becomes a roar. The sound is unearthly in its intensity
text: and almost unbearable in its swiftly increasing volume. The
text: people stop in their tracks and look up in the sky in terror.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: Several people on the steps of the Smithsonian have turned
text: to look. There is cold, frozen fear in their eyes. The awful
text: sound keeps increasing in volume.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: A man, following the progress of a huge object in the sky
text: with his eyes. He is held terror-stricken.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT INTO SKY (SERSEN SHOT)
text: A giant shape, still at some distance, is approaching the
text: earth at incredible speed.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT ON GROUND
text: A group of people run wildly across a large expanse of lawn.
text: A huge shadow cast from above onto the grass seems to be
text: pursing them.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT INTO SKY (SERSEN SHOT)
text: The great shape is considerably nearer now.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Of a woman, thoroughly shaken, held immobile by what she
text: sees and hears.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: People scatter madly in all directions as the huge spaceship
text: comes in for a landing on a smooth, grassy area. The
text: tremendous roar of its motors is suddenly cut off and the
text: great ship settles gently to a perfect landing.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - THE SHIP
text: The gleaming surface of the ship shows no break of any kind --
text: no windows, no ports, not even the outline of a hatch. It is
text: a fearsome, terrifying object, giving no evidence of its
dialog: source or its intention.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT - (FROM PARALLEL)
text: Shooting down on a section of lawn, showing the varying
text: reactions of people to the landing. Some are still running
text: madly away; others, singly and in little groups, stand as
text: though rooted, staring at the ship from a respectful distance.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MAN
text: As he stares at the ship with fascination and horror. He'd
text: like to run but he can't. His mouth twitches and he emits a
text: nervous little laugh.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: A woman is holding a two-year-old child by the hand as she
text: watches the ship, awe-struck. Several people run past them.
text: Suddenly the woman grabs up the child with a little sob,
text: turns and runs away.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: A middle-aged man runs up to a group of several people,
text: pointing wildly toward the ship and yelling irrationally:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: They're here! They're here!
text: He runs off toward another group as we--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: A series of short DISSOLVES showing:
text: 1. A man dashing up to a crowded Washington street corner
text: shouting wildly and gesticulating in the direction from which
dialog: he came.
text: 2. Policemen piling into squad cars, which roar out of their
dialog: garage.
text: 3. Soldiers rushing out of a barracks at Fort Myer, with
text: rifles and side arms, to form up on their company street.
text: 4. Newspaper presses rolling at high speed.
text: 5. Newscasters chattering excitedly into their microphones.
text: 6. A large telephone switchboard with the girls in a frenzy
text: of activity as they try to handle the calls pouring in.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL STADIUM - LONG SHOT
text: The players are standing on the field in the crowded stadium,
text: but the game has been interrupted and everyone is listening
text: to the voice on the loudspeaker system. (Actual stock shot
dialog: would be coverage of some dedication or ceremonial.)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON OFFICE - CLOSE SHOT
text: A Brigadier General speaks in clipped tones into the
text: telephone. There are a couple of other officers in the room.
scene_heading: BRIGADIER GENERAL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Get me the Chief of Staff.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. U.S. SENATE OR HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES (STOCK)
text: A shot, if one is available, of either House listening raptly
text: as an announcement of great import is read by the Chair.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - CLOSE SHOT
text: A distinguished-looking government official speaks into the
text: phone with a sense of subdued urgency.
scene_heading: GOVERNMENTAL OFFICIAL
dialog: I want to speak to the President.
dialog: (listens for a moment)
dialog: I'm sorry -- you'll have to interrupt
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. RADIO AND TELEVISION STUDIO - MED. SHOT
dialog: A nationally known news commentator -- for purposes of this
text: script let's say Drew Pearson -- is seated before a radio
text: mike. He is also being photographed by TV cameras. In a wall
text: near him is a TV screen which shows what is going out on the
text: air. During the ensuing speech, a man comes in a hands him a
text: sheaf of news bulletins.
speaker_heading: PEARSON
dialog: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen,
dialog: this is Drew Pearson. We bring you
dialog: this special radio-television
dialog: broadcast to give you the latest
dialog: information on the landing of the
dialog: "space ship" in Washington.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PEARSON
speaker_heading: PEARSON
dialog: Government and Defense Department
dialog: officials are concerned by reports
dialog: of panic in several large Eastern
dialog: cities. I am authorized to assure
dialog: you that so far there is no reasonable
dialog: cause for alarm. The rumors of
text: invading armies and mass destruction
dialog: are based on hysteria and are
dialog: absolutely false. I repeat -- these
dialog: rumors are absolutely false!
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
speaker_heading: PEARSON
dialog: The ship, designed for travel outside
text: the earth's atmosphere, landed in
text: Washington today at 3:47 p.m., Eastern
dialog: Standard Time. We still don't know
dialog: where it came from, but I can reveal
dialog: that military leaders are considering
dialog: two possibilities; that it came from
dialog: some unfriendly power here on earth --
dialog: or that it actually arrived from
dialog: another planet.
text: CAMERA PANS to and DOLLIES IN on the TV screen in the wall.
text: On the screen is a shot of the space ship.
speaker_heading: PEARSON'S VOICE
dialog: (over scene)
text: The ship is resting exactly where it
dialog: landed two hours ago, and there has
text: been no sign of life from inside it.
text: OUR CAMERAL HOLDS on the TV screen. The cuts that follow are
text: inside the frame of the screen:
scene_heading: EXT. THE MALL - MED. SHOT
text: Two platoons of infantry soldiers surround the ship, their
text: rifles at the ready.
speaker_heading: PEARSON'S VOICE
dialog: (over scene)
text: Troops have been rushed from Fort
text: Myer and they have formed a cordon
text: around the ship.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: showing two machine guns, two Sherman tanks and two 75MM
text: guns. The gun crews are posted for action and all weapons
text: are trained on the space ship.
speaker_heading: PEARSON'S VOICE
dialog: (over scene)
text: They are supported by machine guns,
text: tanks and artillery.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - POLICE CORDON
text: Cops are holding back a section of a large crowd, some
text: distance away from the ship. The people are wide-eyed and
text: tense with excitement.
speaker_heading: PEARSON'S VOICE
dialog: (over scene)
text: Behind police lines, there is a large
text: crowd of curiosity seekers.
scene_heading: SERIES OF INDIVIDUAL CUTS
text: 1. Civilians in the crowd, their eyes and nerves taut with
text: suspense.
text: 2. A young soldier, who grips his rifle and moistens his
text: lips nervously, his eyes never leaving the ship.
text: 3. A tank commander blinks from the tension of staring at an
text: unmoving object.
text: 4. The last cut is of the ship itself.
speaker_heading: PEARSON'S VOICE
dialog: (over scene)
dialog: As you can see for yourself, the
dialog: Army has taken every precaution to
dialog: meet whatever the situation may
dialog: require. Every eye -- every weapon --
text: is trained on the ship. It's been
dialog: this way for two hours and the tension--
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PEARSON
text: as he interrupts himself excitedly, his attention riveted on
text: the TV screen.
speaker_heading: PEARSON
dialog: Just a minute, ladies and gentlemen!
dialog: I think I see something moving!
scene_heading: EXT. THE MALL - MED. LONG SHOT - DAY
text: We are at the actual location now, not looking at TV. We see
text: the ship surrounded by soldiers, two medium tanks, two
text: artillery pieces, and a couple of machine guns. Some distance
text: away is a suggestion of the crowd of civilians, held back by
text: police. Prominent in the scene are newsreel and television
text: cameras. OUR CAMERA MOVES IN to MED. SHOT. As it does so, we
text: see a couple of metal objects rising slowly from the top of
text: the ship. One, which is an oddly-designed coil of wire, slides
text: up and revolves slowly. The other is a section of vented
text: pipe with a convex cap on it.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: on the soldiers, their eyes glued to this first sign of
text: activity from the ship. They shift uneasily, gripping their
text: rifles more firmly.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - THE SHIP
text: After a long, tense moment, a ramp appears silently out of
text: the side of the ship and slides down to the ground. There is
text: an audible gasp as a man appears at the top of the ramp. He
text: looks around at the crowd with cool and imperturbable dignity.
text: This is KLAATU. He is completely human in appearance. The
text: only unearthly thing about him is his clothing. He wears a
dialog: tunic that is very good looking, but at the same time
text: thoroughly comfortable and practical. On his head is a metal
text: helmet that obscures most of his face. (It would be impossible
text: to identify him later.) The design of this helmet gives the
dialog: impression that it is more a formal headdress than for
text: protection. Klaatu is above all an impressive man -- a man
dialog: of tremendous dignity and presence. He has the tolerant
dialog: superiority that comes with absolute knowledge.
scene_heading: INDIVIDUAL REACTION CUTS
text: of soldiers, people in the crowd, and policemen. The newsreel
text: and TV men are busy at their cameras.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: After an impressive moment, he raises his arms in the
text: universal gesture of neutrality. Then he speaks, in perfect
text: English, his voice amplified as though through an enunciator.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: We have come to visit you in peace --
dialog: and with good will.
text: Klaatu walks slowly down the ramp toward the soldiers. As he
text: does so, he draws from inside his tunic a strange looking
text: object, longish and tubular. It might be a a telescope -- or
dialog: it might be some strange kind of weapon.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: shooting from the side, showing Klaatu advancing slowly toward
text: the line of soldiers. He holds out the mysterious object in
text: front of him in a gesture that is actually one of offering
text: but could be misinterpreted as menacing. There is a growing,
text: uneasy rumble of muttering among the soldiers as Klaatu
text: advances. They are clearly frightened of what he may do.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PLATOON LEADER
text: A young second lieutenant, standing in front of his platoon.
text: As Klaatu advances, the lieutenant unslings his carbine.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Klaatu starts toward the platoon leader, raising the object
text: he holds toward the man, trying to make clear his intentions.
text: Misinterpreting this as a menacing gesture, the platoon leader
text: raises his carbine to his shoulder.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: of one of the tank commanders in the turret of his tank. He
text: is watching Klaatu advancing toward the platoon leader and
text: he has drawn his pistol. Convinced that the lieutenant is in
text: jeopardy, the tank commander aims at Klaatu and fires.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: as Klaatu falls to the ground wounded. The object he was
text: holding has dropped from his hand and smashed. The soldiers
text: start to gather around Klaatu excitedly when suddenly there
text: appears in the entrance to the space ship a huge robot. There
text: is a gasp of amazement from the crowd and the solders draw
text: back at sight of him. The robot is ten feet tall, is made in
text: the almost-perfect image of a man. He is to be played by an
text: actor and his flesh appears to be made of a greenish metal.
text: His eyes flash as though lighted internally. His perfectly-
text: fashioned, muscular body is covered only with a loincloth.
dialog: This is GORT.
text: There are cries of amazement as Gort walks slowly ponderously,
text: down the ramp to the ground. As he does so, the ramp closes
text: behind him. Gort's face is, and always remains, utterly
text: expressionless. He stops to look at Klaatu, lying on the
text: ground. Then he looks around at the soldiers, the tanks and
text: guns. All the guns have been traversing to follow him.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GORT
text: From inside him there comes an ominous crackling sound, as
text: though power were being generated within him. His eyes flash
text: toward the tank from which Klaatu was shot.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - TANK
text: There is a great metallic clatter and the Sherman tank is
text: suddenly reduced to a pile of junk metal, its parts completely
text: disintegrated. Only a piece of tank track and twisted gun
text: barrel emerge from the heap on the ground to identify what
text: had been there. The tank's crew has remained unharmed.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GORT
text: The crackling sound continues as his eyes start to sweep in
text: a semicircle taking in all the troops.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - THE TROOPS
text: SHOOTING FROM BEHIND Gort, with the back of his head in f.g.,
text: CAMERA PANS to follow Gort's sweeping gaze. In a growing
text: crash and clatter of metal, every weapon in sight is
text: destroyed. The two machine guns are little heaps of junk.
text: The 75's are larger heaps. The second tank, like the first,
text: is a three-foot pile of scrap. Rifles have dropped from the
text: soldier's hands and lie on the ground as little mounds of
text: wood and metal. None of the men has been harmed, but their
text: faces show the utter terror of what they have experienced.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - THE TROOPS
text: as they react to the full shock of what has happened. Most
text: of them stand rooted to the ground. Several laugh
text: hysterically. A few break and run wildly.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - CROWD OF CIVILIANS
text: Sudden pandemonium breaks out. Utterly terrified by what
text: they have witnessed, the crowd becomes a wild, milling,
text: screaming mob, concerned only with escape.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - GORT
text: He is walking slowly, deliberately, menacingly toward the
text: tank commander who fired on Klaatu. Standing by the debris
text: of his tank, the man is immobilized with terror. The robot
text: starts to reach out to grab him.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: lying on the ground. He speaks to Gort sharply, in a strange
dialog: language.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Gort! Deglet ovrosco!
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - GORT
text: He pauses obediently in the act of reaching out for the tank
text: commander. Dropping his arms, he stands motionless and remains
dialog: that way.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: He has raised himself to a sitting position on the ground,
text: his wounded shoulder giving him considerable pain. The two
text: platoon leaders come into scene hesitantly, badly shaken by
text: the awesome demonstration of power they have seen. They are
text: uncertain as to what they should do. The platoon leader eyes
text: the smashed object on the ground curiously and turns
text: questioningly to Klaatu. With great dignity, Klaatu picks up
text: the broken object, which we see well for the first time. It
text: is a delicately-made tubular telescope, badly smashed. On it
text: are indications of small electronic gadgets.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: It was a gift. For your President.
text: (glances at the broken
dialog: object ruefully)
dialog: With this he could have studied life
dialog: on other planets.
text: Klaatu lets the object drop with a shrug of mild exasperation.
text: The two lieutenants exchange a helpless look of bewilderment.
text: Then Klaatu raises himself to his feet painfully, holding
text: his wounded shoulder. As he does so, a colonel and a captain
text: come into scene.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (to the lieutenants)
dialog: Is he all right?
scene_heading: FIRST PLATOON LEADER
dialog: Got hit in the shoulder, sir.
text: The three junior officers exchange ineffectual glances and
text: look to the colonel, who thinks for a moment before making
dialog: his decision.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Send for an ambulance. Get him to
text: Walter Reed Hospital right away.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM - WALTER REED HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: There is a door to the corridor and a door to Klaatu's room.
text: In the small sitting room, talking in tones of hushed concern,
text: is a group of men. There's a Major General, a likable man
text: with a chest full of ribbons. There are also a Colonel in
text: command of the hospital, a high-ranking police officer, a
text: couple of medical officers and two civilians. The conversation
text: is interrupted by the entrance from Klaatu's room of a Medical
text: Corps Major, followed by an Army Nurse.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (to Major)
dialog: How is he?
speaker_heading: MAJOR WHITE
dialog: He's all right, General... Blood
dialog: pressure's a little high, but it
dialog: could be aggravation.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Can't blame him. I always get mad
dialog: when somebody shoots me.
speaker_heading: MAJOR WHITE
dialog: He still wants to see the President.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (to General)
dialog: We informed the White House over an
dialog: hour ago.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (to Major)
dialog: Didn't drop any hints about where
dialog: he's from, did he?
speaker_heading: MAJOR WHITE
dialog: No, sir, he didn't.
text: The door to the corridor opens and a worried young Captain
text: enters.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Excuse me.
dialog: (to the Colonel)
dialog: What about the reporters, Colonel?
text: They're swarming all over the lobby.
text: The Colonel turns, in deference, to the General.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Tell them there won't be any statement
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: (glancing down the
dialog: corridor)
dialog: Mr. Harley's here from the White
dialog: House.
text: Harley appears in the doorway, a brief case under his arm.
text: He's a dignified, intelligent member of the White House
text: secretariat. He proceeds uninterruptedly into the room,
text: nodding cordially to the General.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: General --
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (indicating Klaatu's
dialog: room)
dialog: Right in there, Mr. Harley.
text: Harley proceeds in businesslike fashion to the door. He knocks
text: and then enters.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - FULL SHOT
text: as Harley enters, closing the door behind him. Klaatu no
text: longer wears his helmet and we see his face clearly for the
text: first time. Even sitting up in bed, with his shoulder strapped
text: in bandages, he is a figure of great authority. His face
text: reflects inner dignity and assurance. Harley, who is a
text: hardened diplomatist, can't help being impressed by his
text: present assignment and a little awed by Klaatu. Harley
text: obviously has been sent by the President to find out what he
text: can. Klaatu's eyes study him, cool, penetrating, reserved.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: My name is Harley -- Secretary to
dialog: the President
dialog: (Klaatu continues to
dialog: study him silently)
dialog: I've been told that you speak our
dialog: language -- that your name is Mr.
dialog: Klaatu.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: Just Klaatu.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: The President asked me to convey his
dialog: deepest apologies for what has
dialog: happened. We all feel--
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: Sit down, Mr. Harley.
text: Somewhat relieved, Harley seats himself. He speaks with a
text: half smile, hoping to ease the tension.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: I'm sure I don't have to point out
dialog: that your arrival was something of a
dialog: surprise.
dialog: (getting a little
dialog: smile from Klaatu,
dialog: he is encouraged to
dialog: do some fishing)
dialog: Had you been traveling long?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: About five months -- your months.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: You must have come a long way.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: About 250 million of your miles.
text: Harley glances at him quickly to be sure he's not joking.
dialog: He's not.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: Naturally we're very curious to know
dialog: where it is you come from.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (easily; he's a
dialog: diplomat, too)
dialog: From another planet. Let's just say
dialog: that we're neighbors.
text: Harley reacts, as his wildest assumptions are so blandly
dialog: corroborated.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: It's rather difficult for us to think
dialog: of another planet as a neighbor.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I'm afraid, in the present situation
dialog: you'll have to learn to think that
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: (eyebrows raised)
dialog: The present situation?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I mean the reasons for my coming
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: (his eagerness apparent)
dialog: We're very curious about that, too.
dialog: Would you care to talk about it?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I'd be glad to.
dialog: (noticing that Harley
dialog: is settling himself
dialog: expectantly)
dialog: Not now, of course -- with you alone.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: Perhaps you'd rather discuss it
dialog: personally with the President--
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (somewhat sharply)
dialog: This is not a personal matter, Mr.
dialog: Harley. It concerns all the people
dialog: on your planet.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: (Startled by the scope
dialog: of this statement)
dialog: I -- I'm not sure I understand--
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I want to meet with representatives
dialog: from all the nations of the Earth.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: (shocked and perturbed
dialog: by this notion)
dialog: I'm afraid that would be a little
dialog: awkward. It's -- it's completely
dialog: without precedent. And there are
dialog: practical considerations -- the time
text: involved -- the enormous distances.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: I traveled 250 million miles. What
dialog: about your United Nations?
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: (Surprised and a little
dialog: puzzled)
dialog: You know about the United Nations?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: We've been monitoring your radio
dialog: broadcasts for a good many years.
dialog: That's how we learned your languages.
dialog: Lately, we've been getting your
dialog: television also.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: You must have a rather strange
dialog: impression of us.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: The first two years of television we
dialog: were convinced that all you did was
text: wrestle.
text: Harley smiles. Then his mind reverts to the seriousness of
text: the situation and he speaks gravely.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: I'm sure you recognize from our broad-
text: casts the evil forces that have
dialog: produced the tension in our world.
dialog: Surely you would agree--
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: I am not concerned, Mr. Harley, with
dialog: the internal affairs of your planet.
dialog: I consider that to be your business --
dialog: not mine.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: I was only hoping to make you
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (sternly, impressively)
dialog: My mission here is not to solve your
dialog: petty squabbles. It concerns the
dialog: existence of every last creature who
dialog: lives on Earth.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: (uncomfortably)
dialog: Perhaps if you could explain a little--
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I intend to explain. To all the
dialog: nations -- simultaneously.
dialog: (his manner precludes
dialog: opposition)
dialog: How do we proceed, Mr. Harley?
text: Harley is thoroughly shaken. The tremendous force and power
text: implicit in Klaatus's manner preclude the possibility of
dialog: argument.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: (after a long
dialog: thoughtful moment)
dialog: We could call a special meeting of
dialog: the General Assembly... But of course
dialog: the UN doesn't represent all of the
dialog: nations.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Then why not a meeting of all the
dialog: Chiefs of State?
speaker_heading: HARLEY
text: (helplessly, but
dialog: patiently)
dialog: Believe me, you don't understand.
dialog: They wouldn't sit down at the same
dialog: table.
text: Growing a little impatient with such nonsense, Klaatu eyes
text: him evenly, speaks with Jovian authority.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I don't want to resort to threats,
dialog: Mr. Harley. I simply tell you bluntly
dialog: that the future of your planet is at
dialog: stake... I suggest you transmit that
dialog: message to the nations of the Earth.
text: The eyes of the two men meet for a long, silent moment. Then
text: Harley rises quietly.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: I will make that recommendation to
dialog: the President.
text: (he picks up his brief
dialog: case and hat)
dialog: I must tell you in all honesty that
dialog: I'm extremely dubious about the
dialog: results.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (with a half-smile)
dialog: Apparently I'm not as cynical about
dialog: Earth's people as you are.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: I've been dealing in Earth's politics
dialog: a good deal longer than you have.
dialog: (he bows)
dialog: Goodnight, sir.
text: He turns and goes out.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: He stares after Harley for a moment, puzzled by this strange
text: and apparently unreasoning world he has come to. He shakes
text: his head in thoughtful, tolerant bewilderment.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE SHIP - LONG SHOT - NIGHT
text: Searchlights have lighted up up the eerie shapes of the space
text: ship and Gort. A circle of soldiers guard the area, while a
text: crew of men can be seen working around the ship.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - AT SHIP
text: A Master Sergeant of Engineers, dressed in fatigues, is
text: inspecting the side of the ship carefully. He has an acetylene
text: torch in his had and a welding helmet over his face. The
text: Major General, previously seen in the hospital sitting room,
text: enters and speaks to the Sergeant.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Getting any place, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (raising his helmet)
dialog: No, sir.
text: (shaking his head in
dialog: annoyance)
dialog: Beats me, General. I saw that ramp
text: come out of the side of the ship --
dialog: right here. Now I can't even find a
dialog: crack!
text: A man named Carlson, a civilian metallurgical expert, comes
text: into scene. The General nods to him.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: What's the report, Carlson?
speaker_heading: CARLSON
dialog: (discouraged)
dialog: We've tried everything from a
text: blowtorch to a diamond drill.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (nodding toward Gort)
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: CARLSON
dialog: He's made out of the same stuff.
scene_heading: THREE SHOT – GENERAL, CARLSON AND SERGEANT
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Has he moved?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: No sir. Not an inch
speaker_heading: CARLSON
dialog: This is the toughest material I ever
dialog: saw, General. For hardness and
dialog: strength, it's out of this world.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (with a wry half-smile)
dialog: I can tell you officially -– that's
dialog: where it came from.
text: The two men exchange an uneasy glance, then turn to look at
dialog: the ship.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM – WALTER REED HOSPITAL
text: Two Medical Corps officers, a Captain and a Major are
text: interestedly studying a series of X-ray films.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
text: The skeletal structure is completely
dialog: normal.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Same for the major organs -– heart,
dialog: liver, spleen, kidneys.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: And the lungs are the same as ours.
dialog: Must mean a similar atmosphere --
dialog: similar pressure.
dialog: (nodding, toward
dialog: Klaatu's room)
dialog: How old do you think he is?
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Oh, I'd say forty-five.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: He told me this morning when I
text: examined him. He's seventy-eight.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Their life expectancy is a hundred
dialog: and thirty.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: How does he explain that?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: He says their medicine is that much
dialog: more advanced.
dialog: (the major stares at
dialog: him blankly)
dialog: He was very nice about it. But he
dialog: made me feel like a third-class witch
dialog: doctor.
text: The door to Klaatu's rooms opens and Major White appears.
dialog: He's the man who attended Klaatu the day before. He closes
text: the door behind him and stands motionless facing the other
text: two, his face wearing a blank expression.
speaker_heading: MAJOR WHITE
dialog: I took a bullet out of that man's
dialog: arm yesterday.
speaker_heading: FIRST MAJOR
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: MAJOR WHITE
dialog: (utterly bewildered)
dialog: I just examined the wound and it's
dialog: all healed.
speaker_heading: FIRST MAJOR
dialog: What does he say about it?
speaker_heading: MAJOR WHITE
dialog: Said he put some salve on it -- some
dialog: stuff he had with him.
text: (shows them a small,
text: odd-looking tube in
dialog: his hand)
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: What are you going to do with it?
speaker_heading: MAJOR WHITE
dialog: Take it downstairs and have it
dialog: analyzed.
dialog: (on his way to the
text: door, shaking his
dialog: head)
dialog: Then I don't know whether I'll just
dialog: get drunk or give up the practice of
dialog: medicine.
text: As he starts out the door to the corridor, he passes Mr.
text: Harley, who is on his way in, carrying his ever-present brief
text: case. Harley is accompanied by an enlisted M.P.
speaker_heading: FIRST MAJOR
text: Afternoon, Mr. Harley.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: Afternoon, gentlemen.
text: Harley goes to the door of Klaatu's room, a businesslike
text: expression on his face. He knocks on the door, then enters.
text: The M.P. remains in the sitting room.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: as Harley enters. Klaatu is up out of bed, walking around in
text: a Medical Corps robe and pajamas. He appears to be completely
dialog: recovered.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: Good afternoon.
dialog: (surprised not to
dialog: find him in bed)
dialog: I'm glad to see you up and around.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Thank you... Have you any news?
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: Not very good news, I'm afraid.
dialog: (digs into his
dialog: briefcase for some
dialog: papers)
dialog: The President accepted your suggestion
dialog: and cabled the invitations for a
dialog: meeting last night.
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Let me read you some of the replies.
dialog: (he selects a cable
dialog: and reads)
dialog: "The Premier wishes to inform the
dialog: Government of the United States that
dialog: it will be impossible for him to
dialog: attend the meeting suggested by the
dialog: President unless the meeting is held
dialog: in Moscow."
text: (with a grimly-pointed
dialog: glance at Klaatu,
text: Harley reads another
dialog: cable)
dialog: "The suggestion of the President
dialog: regarding the possibility of a meeting
dialog: in Moscow would be unacceptable to
dialog: Her Majesty's Government at the
dialog: present time. Representation could
dialog: be sent only if the meeting were
dialog: held in Washington."
text: (he looks up at Klaatu
dialog: and shrugs)
dialog: Well -- there you have it.
text: Harley extends a sheaf of cables for Klaatu's inspection,
text: but he ignores them. Klaatu has listened to this recital,
text: first incredulously, then with mounting indignation. Conscious
text: of his quiet, Olympian wrath, Harley continues uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: I tried to make you understand. The
dialog: suspicions -- the jealousies -- the
dialog: mistrust--
dialog: (uneasily, under
dialog: Klaatu's level gaze)
dialog: Surely you realize that my government
dialog: has done everything in its power--
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: It's not your government I'm thinking
dialog: about. It's your world.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: Now that you understand the situation
dialog: more clearly, perhaps you'd like to
dialog: discuss the matter with the President
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: I will not speak to any one nation
dialog: or group of nations.
dialog: (sharply, bitterly)
dialog: I don't intend to add my contribution
dialog: to your childish jealousies and
dialog: suspicions.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: Our problems are very complex, Mr.
dialog: Klaatu. You mustn't judge us too
dialog: harshly.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I can judge only by what I see.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: Your impatience is quite
dialog: understandable.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: I am impatient with stupidity. My
dialog: people have learned to live without
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: I'm afraid my people haven't.
dialog: (with real sincerity)
dialog: I'm very sorry -- I wish it were
dialog: otherwise.
text: Reluctantly Harley has picked up his hat and brief case. He
text: finds Klaatu staring out the window.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: As he looks out the window thoughtfully. What he sees has
dialog: given him an idea.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HOSPITAL GROUNDS
text: shooting down, from Klaatu's viewpoint, at people strolling
text: about the hospital grounds. Most of them are civilian
text: visitors, but there is a sprinkling of nurses and ambulatory
dialog: patients.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - HOSPITAL ROOM
text: As Klaatu turns back to Harley, he speaks thoughtfully,
text: incisively.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Before making any decisions, I think
dialog: I should get out among your people --
dialog: become familiar with the basis for
text: these strange, unreasoning attitudes.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: Under the circumstances I'm afraid
dialog: that will be impossible.
text: Harley has paused near the door, a little embarrassed by
text: Klaatu's level gaze.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: I must ask that you don't attempt to
dialog: leave the hospital. Our military
dialog: people have insisted on this. I'm
dialog: sure you'll understand.
text: With a polite nod, he goes out. Klaatu stares after him as
text: he realizes that he is in effect a prisoner. He shakes his
text: head slowly, thoughtfully. The ways of this planet are strange
dialog: indeed.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM - MED CLOSE SHOT - AT DOOR
text: Harley has paused to watch as the M.P. takes out a key and
text: inserts it in the lock of Klaatu's door.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: As he hears the click of the lock, he turns toward the door.
text: Realizing they've locked him in, he smiles with tolerant
dialog: amusement.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL SITTING ROOM - MED CLOSE SHOT - NIGHT
text: In the dim light of one lamp, the door to the corridor opens
text: and a nurse enters carrying a tray of medication. She is
text: accompanied by the same M.P. as previously seen. The nurse
text: pauses as the M.P. takes out a key and inserts it in the
text: lock of Klaatu's door. To his surprise he finds that the
text: door is not locked. He exchanges a glance with the nurse,
text: then pulls the door open and hurries inside.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM
text: as the M.P. crosses the unlighted room toward the bed. The
text: only light cones from the open door to the sitting room. The
text: M.P.'s eyes go wide as he looks at the bed. It is unmade and
text: unoccupied. Terrified, the M.P. turns to the nurse, who is
text: standing in the doorway.
dialog: M.P. He's gone!
text: The M.P. dashes out of the room, through the doorway past
text: the nurse. She turns to follow him as we--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MONTAGE - NIGHT
text: A series of short DISSOLVES, showing:
text: 1. The M.P. excitedly reporting Klaatu's disappearance to
dialog: the Officer of the Day.
text: 2. The hospital guard detail hurrying out of the guardhouse
text: to form up in front of the Sergeant of the guard.
text: 3. A high-level military conference gathered at a table,
text: discussing the matter with great concern.
text: 4. A street corner newsstand, with people eagerly grabbing
text: papers. The headline reads: "MAN FROM MARS" ESCAPES FROM
text: ARMY HOSPITAL!
text: 5. Radio announcers chattering excitedly into their
dialog: microphones
text: 6. A series of close-ups of people listening to the radio.
text: Their faces reveal their awestruck terror.
text: 7. A terrified mother drags her two children in from the
text: street through the front door, slams the door and bolts it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - MED. CLOSE SHOT - NIGHT
text: CAMERA is on the back of a man dressed in a business suit,
text: who is walking along the sidewalk of a dimly lighted, almost
text: deserted, middle-class street. He carries a suitcase and he
text: glances idly at the drab-looking stone facades of the old
text: two-story houses. As he passes, from the open windows of the
text: houses come the voices of radio announcers. We get a sentence
dialog: or two from one house and then, as the man and our CAMERA
text: pass on, this voice fades and another is picked up. We get
text: the impression that everyone is glued to his radio.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICES
dialog: (over scene)
dialog: --authorities at Walter Reed Hospital
dialog: refused to comment on how he managed
dialog: to escape, or what measures might be
text: taken to apprehend him.
dialog: --these fantastic descriptions of the creature are denounced
text: as rumor by police Chief Walter Baxter. He is not eight feet
text: tall, as reported -- nor does he have tentacles in place of
dialog: arms--
dialog: --there's no denying that there is a monster at large --
dialog: that we are dealing with forces beyond our knowledge and
dialog: power. The public is urged to take ordinary precautions and
dialog: to remain calm, as we await further developments--
dialog: --three separate reports of people who claim to have seen
text: the "space man" in the past hour. One from Des Moines, Iowa;
dialog: one from a village in northern Florida; and one from Chicago.
text: CAMERA OVERTAKES the man as he pauses under the light of a
text: street lamp, and reveals that it is Klaatu. He has stopped
text: to look at something out of scene.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: from Klaatu's viewpoint, of a sign on one of the houses,
scene_heading: reading: ROOM FOR RENT
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: He seems to hesitate, debating a plan he has in mind. He
text: raises his right arm to scratch his head thoughtfully, and
text: notices for the first time a small tag, or ticket, attached
text: to the inside of the right forearm of the coat he is wearing.
text: Puzzled, he pulls off the ticket and looks at it.
scene_heading: INSERT - TICKET
dialog: It is the sort of tag a cleaning establishment attaches to
text: clothing. Printed on it is the legend: CAPITOL DRY CLEANING
text: SERVICE. Scrawled in a penciled hand is the notation: Dr.
scene_heading: Carpenter, Bldg. A - Walter Reed Hospital. Cl. &amp; pr. $1.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: He smiles wryly at this reminder of where he got the suit,
text: and he destroys the ticket. He glances down at the suitcase
text: beside him.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SUITCASE
text: It bears the initials L.M.C. Klaatu's hand comes into scene
text: and lifts up the suitcase. CAMERA HOLDS as Klaatu carries
text: the bag toward the house and mounts the stone steps to the
dialog: entrance.
scene_heading: INT. BOARDINGHOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: There 's no light in the room except what splashes in from
text: the hall. Gathered around a television set are five adults
text: and a little boy, their faces eerie in the reflected light
text: from the screen. The room is done in average boardinghouse
text: style -- antimacassars and all. The attention of the people
text: is riveted on the television screen, where a newscaster is
text: reading a bulletin.
scene_heading: TELEVISION COMMENTATOR
dialog: --while the President made no effort
dialog: to minimize the crisis, he urged
dialog: people all over the country to remain
dialog: calm. He said the entire facilities
dialog: of FBI and other federal agencies
dialog: are being bought to bear. He pointed
dialog: out, however, that this is no ordinary
dialog: man hunt. He warned we may be up
dialog: against powers that are beyond our
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: The landlady, a stern-faced woman of middle age, named MRS.
text: CROCKETT, rises nervously and crosses to the television set.
scene_heading: MRS. CROCKETT
dialog: (tensely)
dialog: I can't stand any more of this. It's
dialog: enough to drive a person crazy.
text: She snaps off the set sharply.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: BOBBY BENSON, a bright-eyed, eleven-year-old, is seated beside
text: his mother, HELEN BENSON, an attractive girl of thirty.
text: Disappointed that the set has been turned off, Bobby's roving
text: eye has fallen on something in the doorway to the hall...
text: Wide-eyed, he nudges his mother and points.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hey, Mom -- who's that?
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: including the doorway to the hall. Silhouetted motionless
text: against the light from the hall is the figure of a man. All
text: eyes follow Hobby's pointed finger, and there is a stifled
text: gasp as they are startled out of their preoccupation. One of
text: the men turns on the lights and Klaatu is revealed standing
text: calmly in the doorway. There is a shocked silence for a
text: moment, then Mrs. Crockett speaks.
scene_heading: MRS. CROCKETT
dialog: (apologizing nervously
dialog: for the tension in
dialog: the room)
dialog: I -- I'm sorry. What is it you want?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: My name is Carpenter. I'm looking
dialog: for a room.
text: There is a noticeable letdown in the general tension, during
text: which Booby has been studying Klaatu, his imagination working
dialog: overtime.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Are you an FBI man?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: No -- I'm afraid not.
text: Helen has stepped forward to make Bobby desist.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Bet he is, Mom. Bet he's out looking
dialog: for that space man.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (with an apologetic
dialog: smile at Klaatu)
dialog: I think we've all been hearing too
dialog: much about "space men."
text: Mrs. Crockett reverts to her role as landlady. She likes to
dialog: think of her house as a home.
scene_heading: MRS. CROCKETT
dialog: (starting the
dialog: introductions with
dialog: Helen)
dialog: This is Mrs. Benson, Mr. Carpenter.
dialog: (with a smile that
dialog: would split a brick)
dialog: And little Bobby.
dialog: (indicating a middle-
dialog: aged couple and a
dialog: younger but more
dialog: wizened man)
dialog: Mr. and Mrs. Barley -- and Mr.
dialog: Krull... I'm Mrs. Crockett.
text: There are polite noddings and how-do-you-do's. Mrs. Crockett
text: is satisfied that she's established a cozy atmosphere.
scene_heading: MRS. CROCKETT
dialog: (pleased to the point
dialog: of challenge)
dialog: Well -- this is our little family.
dialog: (then, getting down
dialog: to business)
dialog: I have a very nice room on the second
dialog: floor.
text: She leads the way toward the hall and Klaatu starts to follow,
text: picking up his suitcase, when he is intercepted by Bobby.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Can I help you look for the space
dialog: man? Can I?
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: I know what he looks like! He's got
dialog: a square head -- and, three great
dialog: big eyes!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (good-naturedly,
dialog: calming him down)
dialog: That's enough, Bobby. I think it's
dialog: time you went to bed.
scene_heading: MRS. CROCKETT
dialog: (to Bobby, with a
dialog: prop smile)
dialog: We mustn't annoy Mr. Carpenter -- or
dialog: he won't want to stay here. She goes
text: on into the hall, followed by Klaatu,
text: who has exchanged a polite smile
dialog: with Helen.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: as Mrs. Crockett leads the way up the stairs.
scene_heading: MRS. CROCKETT
dialog: He's really a dear little boy -- and
text: quiet as a mouse.
text: (with a shrewd, chatty
dialog: smile)
dialog: You're a long way from home, aren't
dialog: you, Mr. Carpenter?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: How did you know?
scene_heading: MRS. CROCKETT
dialog: (pleased with her
dialog: cleverness)
dialog: Oh, I can tell a New England accent
text: a mile away.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOARDINGHOUSE - DINING ROOM - DAY
text: Five of the boarders -- Mr. and Mrs. Barley, Mr. Krull, Helen
text: Benson and Klaatu - are finishing their Sunday morning
text: breakfast. Mrs. Barley is a middle-class Helen Hokinson lady,
text: form and unrelenting. Her husband is a born complainer. Mr.
text: Krull is a shriveled little accountant, precise and finicky.
text: As they finish their coffee, all except Helen are immersed
text: in the Sunday papers. Helen seems preoccupied with her own
text: thoughts. From a portable radio on the table comes Gabriel
text: Heater's voice.
scene_heading: GABRIEL HEATER'S VOICE
dialog: --and so, this Sunday morning, we
dialog: ask the question that's been plaguing;
dialog: the entire nation for two days now:
dialog: "Where is this creature and what is
dialog: he up to?" If he can build a space
dialog: ship that can fly to Earth -- and a
dialog: robot that can destroy our tanks and
dialog: guns -- what other terrors can he
dialog: unleash at will? ...Obviously we
dialog: must find this monster. We must track
text: him down like a wild animal and
dialog: destroy him.
scene_heading: INSERT - NEWSPAPER PAGE IN MRS. BARLEY'S HANDS
text: It is a full page layout, in the style of the American Weekly,
text: showing a demented artist's conception of a mass invasion of
text: space ships. Weird-looking creatures are slaughtering Earth
text: people with ray guns. The caption at the top of the image
text: reads: "Are We Long For This World?" (Gabriel Heater's voice
text: continues uninterruptedly over this and the next two scenes.)
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: He is reading his paper with considerable interest.
scene_heading: INSERT - NEWSPAPER STORY
text: The third-page story reads: SAVANT CALLS MEETING TO STUDY
text: SPACE SHIP. Professor Jacob Barnhardt, world-famous scientist
dialog: and Nobel Prize winner, has invited fellow scientists from
dialog: all over the world to meet with him in Washington and study
text: the recently landed "Space Ship."
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: His face is thoughtful as he finishes reading. This story
text: seems to impress and interest him. Then suddenly he finds
text: his attention caught at what the Radio Voice is saying.
scene_heading: GABRIEL HEATER'S VOICE
dialog: But where would such a creature hide
dialog: himself? Would he disappear into the
dialog: north woods? Or would he slither off
dialog: into the sewers of some great city?
text: Klaatu has a reaction of affronted dignity at this monstrously
text: distasteful idea.
speaker_heading: GROUP SHOT
scene_heading: AS THE RADIO VOICE CONTINUES:
scene_heading: GABRIEL HEATER'S VOICE
dialog: There is grave danger -- everyone
dialog: agrees to that. The question is what
dialog: can we do to protect ourselves? What
dialog: measures can we take that will--
text: During the above, Mrs. Barley has turned to her husband in
text: sharp annoyance.
scene_heading: MRS. BARLEY
dialog: George, I wish you'd turn that radio
dialog: off. I'm trying to concentrate.
text: Mr. Barley reaches out and snaps off the radio.
speaker_heading: MR. BARLEY
text: (snorting, he tosses
dialog: his paper down)
dialog: Why doesn't the Government do
dialog: something -- that's what I want to
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: MR. KRULL
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: What can they do? They're only people --
dialog: Just like us.
speaker_heading: MR. BARLEY
dialog: People my foot! They're Democrats!
speaker_heading: MR. KRULL
dialog: It's enough to give you the shakes.
dialog: He's got that robot standing there --
text: ten-foot tall -- just waiting for
dialog: orders to destroy us.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: This space man -- or whatever he is.
dialog: We automatically assume he's a
text: menace... Maybe he isn't at all.
speaker_heading: MR. BARLEY
dialog: (glaring at her for
dialog: this silly notion)
dialog: Then what's he hiding for? Why doesn't
dialog: he come out in the open?
speaker_heading: MR. KRULL
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (indicating the radio)
dialog: Like the fella says: "What's he up
dialog: to?"
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: Maybe he's afraid.
scene_heading: MRS. BARLEY
dialog: (with a derisive snort)
dialog: He's afraid!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: After all, he was shot the moment he
dialog: landed here.
dialog: (she pauses for a
dialog: moment thoughtfully)
dialog: I was just wondering what I would
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (to Helen, helpfully)
dialog: Perhaps before deciding on a course
dialog: of action, you'd want to know more
dialog: about the people here -- to orient
dialog: yourself in a strange environment.
scene_heading: MRS. BARLEY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: There's nothing strange about
dialog: Washington, Mr. Carpenter.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (quietly, tongue in
dialog: cheek)
dialog: A person from another planet might
dialog: disagree with you.
scene_heading: MRS. BARLEY
dialog: If you want my opinion, he came from
dialog: right here on Earth.
dialog: (with significant
dialog: emphasis)
dialog: And you know where I mean.
speaker_heading: MR. KRULL
dialog: They wouldn't come in a space ship.
dialog: They'd come in airplanes.
scene_heading: MRS. BARLEY
dialog: (as though with
dialog: superior knowledge)
dialog: I wouldn't be so sure about that.
speaker_heading: MR. BARLEY
dialog: (delivering the final
dialog: word)
dialog: Stands to reason that fella wants
dialog: some thing or he wouldn't be here.
dialog: (facing Klaatu)
dialog: That make sense, Carpenter?
text: Klaatu pauses for a moment, then recites pleasantly.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I must admit I'm a little confused.
text: Mrs. Crockett enters and speaks to Helen.
scene_heading: MRS. CROCKETT
dialog: Mrs. Benson -- Mr. Stevens is here
dialog: to see you.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh -- thank you.
text: She rises and goes out.
scene_heading: MRS. BARLEY
dialog: Finish your coffee, George. I told
dialog: the Carsons we'd be there at eleven.
scene_heading: INT. BOARDINGHOUSE - LIVING ROOM - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: as Helen crosses the room to greet TOM STEVENS. He's a
text: personable young man with a breezy manner and considerable
text: charm. There is between them an easy air of Intimacy.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (smiling warmly)
dialog: Good morning.
text: Tom kisses her.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We're all set. I picked up some
text: sandwiches and put gas in the car.
dialog: And the radio's still busted, so me
dialog: can forget about the space man for
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (a little disturbed)
dialog: There's only one thing -- I haven't
dialog: been able to arrange for anyone to
dialog: stay with Bobby.
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: I don't suppose we could take him
dialog: with us?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (understandably
dialog: unenthusiastically)
dialog: Well, we could--
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: There's always somebody here, but
dialog: today of course they've all got plans.
speaker_heading: KLAATU'S VOICE
dialog: I haven't any plans.
text: Helen and Tom turn in surprise.
speaker_heading: THREE SHOT
text: including Klaatu, who has wandered in from the dining room,
text: unnoticed by Tom and Helen. Klaatu continues, with an air of
dialog: wanting to be helpful without wanting to interfere.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I'd be glad to spend the day with
dialog: him -- if you'd let me.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (impulsively)
dialog: Say, that'll be great! Wouldn't it,
dialog: Helen.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (hesitating, a little
dialog: confused, by the
dialog: offer)
dialog: It's awfully nice of you to suggest
dialog: it.
dialog: (remembering the two
dialog: men haven't met)
dialog: I'm sorry Mr. Carpenter -- this is
dialog: Tom Stevens.
text: The two men shake hand's and exchange how-do-you-do's. Then
text: Klaatu turns back to Helen.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Bobby and I had a fine time yesterday
dialog: afternoon. We talked -- and listened
text: to the radio.
dialog: (smiling at Helen)
dialog: I thought today he might show me
text: around the city.
text: Helen is debating the matter in her mind, concerned about
text: leaving Bobby with a comparative stranger, but tempted because
dialog: of her favorable impression of Klaatu.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (easily)
dialog: Suppose I ask Bobby how he feels
dialog: about it.
text: He turns, with a little smile, and starts out of the room.
text: Helen, still not quite decided, turns to Tom with a
text: questioning look. Tom nods.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE T0:
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN MEMORIAL - FULL SHOT - DAY (STOCK)
text: The great seated, brooding figure of Lincoln is at the far
text: end of the impressive main hall. A few tourists are moving
dialog: about the place.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU AND BOBBY
text: They are in the south hall, on the wall of which is inscribed
text: the Gettysburg Address. They stand silently, side by side,
text: reading the inscription.
scene_heading: INSERT - GETTYSBURG ADDRESS (STOCK)
text: Featuring the last part of the Address. It reads: "--and
dialog: that government of the people, by the people, for the people,
dialog: shall not perish from the earth."
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - KLAATU AND BOBBY
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (visibly impressed)
dialog: Those are great words.
dialog: (with an air of
dialog: discovery)
dialog: He must have been a great man.
text: Bobby is impressed by the depth and sincerity of Klaatu's
text: tribute, but a little confused by his air of having discovered
text: Lincoln. Hobby watches Klaatu with a puzzled expression,
text: then follows as Klaatu moves off slowly.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN MEMORIAL - MED. CLOSE SHOT - DAY
text: shooting against one of the huge fluted columns as Klaatu
text: and Bobby come out of the building. Deeply preoccupied, Klaatu
text: speaks with impatient urgency.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: That's the kind of man I'd like to
dialog: talk to.
text: Bobby looks up at him in bewilderment. After a moment Klaatu
text: speaks slowly, thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Bobby -- who's the greatest man in
dialog: America today?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (puzzling it over)
dialog: Gee -- I don't know... The space
dialog: man, I guess.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (secretly amused)
dialog: I was speaking of earth men. I meant
dialog: the greatest philosopher -- the
dialog: greatest thinker.
speaker_heading: B0BBY
dialog: You mean the smartest man in the
dialog: whole world?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Yes -- that would do nicely.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (after a moments
dialog: thought)
dialog: Well -- Professor Barnhardt, I guess.
dialog: He's the greatest scientist in the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (he pauses
dialog: thoughtfully, speaks
text: slowly, as he recalls
dialog: the newspaper story
dialog: he read)
dialog: He lives here in Washington, doesn't
dialog: he?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Sure. Right near where my mother
dialog: works.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Where is that?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Department of Commerce. She's a
dialog: secretary.
dialog: (Klaatu nods)
dialog: They have a man they call the
dialog: Secretary, but he isn't at all. My
dialog: mother's a real secretary.
dialog: (after a moment;
dialog: eagerly)
dialog: Mr. Carpenter -- now can we go see
dialog: the space ship?
scene_heading: EXT. THE MALL - LONG SHOT - SPACE SHIP AND GORT - DAY
text: A crew of Army engineers is in process of erecting a temporary
text: structure such as a large Quonset hut or B29 hanger to enclose
text: the space ship and Gort. The walls are partially up and
text: already have concealed part of the ship. The area is roped
text: off and there are Army guards to keep the sightseers back.
text: There is a crowd of people behind the ropes, watching. CAMERA
text: MOVES IN to reveal the backs of Bobby and Klaatu.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - KLAATU AND BOBBY
text: Bobby is studying the ship and Gort eagerly, his imagination
text: thoroughly aroused. Klaatu is watching the men at work with
text: mild, quiet amusement.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - GORT
text: from Bobby's viewpoint.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BOBBY AND KLAATU
text: Bobby's eyes are wide with awe as he watches the giant robot.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Boy, I'll bet he's strong. I bet he
dialog: could knock down a whole building.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (with a quizzical
dialog: smile)
dialog: I shouldn't be at all surprised.
text: Bobby's attention shifts to the ship.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - SPACE SHIP
text: From Bobby's viewpoint.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - B0BBY AND KLAATU
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (excitedly, indicating
dialog: the ship)
dialog: Gee, I'd like to get inside and see
dialog: how it works. What do you think makes
dialog: it go?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (quietly, after a
dialog: glance around)
dialog: Well -- atomic power, I would imagine.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (looking at Klaatu
dialog: incredulously)
dialog: I thought that was only for bombs.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: No. It's for a lot of other things,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You think it can go faster than an F-
dialog: 36?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Yes -- I think so.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT KLAATU AND BOBBY
text: shooting from a side angle to include a couple of men who
text: are listening to Klaatu's conversation. They are nudging
text: each other, amused at the way this man is pretending to
text: explain things to the little boy.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: About a thousand miles an hour?
text: Klaatu has noticed the two men, who have edged a little closer
text: to listen. He is not perturbed by them, but he lowers his
text: voice a bit.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Maybe four thousand miles an hour.
dialog: And outside the Earth's atmosphere a
dialog: good deal faster.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Gee! How could they make a landing?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Well -- there are several ways to
dialog: reduce landing speed. You see, the
dialog: velocity--
text: Klaatu interrupts himself as he realizes that he may be going
text: too far. The two men have moved closer, listening and
text: grinning. One of them whispers to the other behind the back
text: of his hand. Then the man realizes that Klaatu has stopped
text: speaking and is looking at him.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Keep goin', Mister. He was fallin'
dialog: for it.
text: The two men burst out laughing and move off together. Bobby,
text: who has missed the point of this by-play, looks at Klaatu,
text: then after the men. As they move out of scene they laugh
text: loudly at the little boy's confusion. Klaatu takes Bobby's
text: hand to lead him away from the roped-off area.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - KLAATU AND BOBBY
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS them as they move away through the crowd.
text: As they do so, several newsboys are working their way through
text: the crowd with newly arrived extras. The boys are calling
text: out the extras: "Police under fire!" "Army put in charge!"
text: "Space man still at large!" etc. People are eagerly buying
text: the papers. Klaatu and Booby watch this as they pass through
dialog: the crowd.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - EXTRA
text: In newsboy's hand. The headline reads: SPACE MAN ELUDES POLICE
text: ARMY PUT IN CHARGE.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - ANOTHER EXTRA
text: In another newsboy's hand. This headline reads: DISTRICT
scene_heading: UNDER MARTIAL LAW. CONGRESS ACTS AS POLICE CHIEF REIGNS.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - KLAATU AND BOBBY
text: as they move on away from the excited crowd of people.
text: Klaatu's reaction has been one of mild curiosity. Bobby looks
text: up at him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You think they'll ever find him?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (alter a moment's
dialog: pause)
dialog: I don't know, Bobby. I'm inclined to
dialog: doubt it.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (as they continue
dialog: walking)
dialog: Mr. Carpenter -- what does velocity
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (preoccupied)
dialog: Velocity is the time rate of change
dialog: of position.
text: This explanation misses Bobby by several light years. He
text: glances up at Klaatu blankly.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I'll bet that's the way Professor
text: Barnhardt talks.
text: Pulled out of his reverie, Klaatu glances down at Bobby and
text: smiles apologetically. Bobby grins back at him. Then, as
text: they walk on a few more steps, Klaatu stops and speaks
dialog: thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Bobby -- I have an idea. Let's go
dialog: see Professor Barnhardt and find out
text: how he talks.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: (with a half-smile of
dialog: accusation)
dialog: You're just kidding, aren't you?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Wouldn't you like to meet him?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Well, sure I would, but --
dialog: (he's to be not going
dialog: taken in)
dialog: Aw, I'll bet you'd be scared.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (with a private smile)
dialog: We can scare him more than he can
dialog: scare us.
text: Bobby stares up at him and his face breaks into a broad
text: admiring grin.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I like you, Mr. Carpenter. You're a
dialog: real screwball.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BARNHARDT'S HOUSE - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: The house is an unimposing old-fashioned structure, shouldered
text: on either side by similar one-family dwellings. There is a
text: flight of stone steps leading up to the entrance and a large
text: porch across the front of the house. Klaatu and Bobby walk
text: into scene and pause, Klaatu glances at Bobby and Bobby nods
text: toward the house. They move on up the steps to the entrance.
scene_heading: MED. CHOOSE SHOT - AT FRONT DOOR
text: Bobby, all eagerness and excitement, presses the bell. They
text: wait a moment and there is no answer.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (disappointed at the
dialog: thought)
dialog: Gee -- maybe he isn't home.
text: Bobby wanders down the porch and looks into a window.
text: Fascinated by what he sees, he gestures to Klaatu.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Betcha this is where he works--
text: After a glance at the front door, Klaatu joins Bobby at the
text: window and looks in.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - BARNHARDT'S STUDY
text: SHOOTING through the window, over the heads of Klaatu and
text: Bobby. The room is more of a workroom than a study. It is in
text: comfortably shabby disarray, with papers and books everywhere.
text: There's a battered old desk and a day bed. One wall is solid
text: bookshelves and on the other two are blackboards covered
text: with a fantastic array of complex equations, graphs and
dialog: diagrams.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: His attention has been caught by one of the blackboards and
text: he studies it with great interest and curiosity.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - SECTION OF BLACKBOARD
text: It is covered with a particularly complicated series of
text: equations in a chalky scrawl, involving angles of vector,
text: Keplerian ellipses, etc. The final equations are unsolved;
text: they have no answers after the "equals" sign. Across are
text: little printed signs tacked to the blackboard reading: "Don't
dialog: erase!" and "Don't touch!"
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - KLAATU AND BOBBY
text: Bewildered, Bobby looks from the blackboard up at Klaatu.
text: Still studying the blackboard, Klaatu is shaking his head
text: and clucking his tonsure as one might at the attempts of a
dialog: child to solve a problem in arithmetic.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (indicating the
dialog: equations)
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: It's a problem in celestial mechanics.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Bet he's the only one in the world
dialog: knows the answer.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
text: (he shakes his head,
dialog: smiling)
dialog: He doesn't know the answer. And he'll
dialog: never get it that way.
text: Bobby moves over to a pair of French doors beyond the window
text: and tries to peer in through the curtained doors. He absently
text: tries the doors and finds them locked. Then he turns away
text: with a disappointed but philosophical shrug.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We probably couldn't get to see him
dialog: even if he was home.
text: As Bobby moves away from the doors dejectedly, Klaatu puts
text: his hand on the knob.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOBBY
text: He's watching Klaatu and his eyes widen at what he sees.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (in complete surprise)
dialog: Hey -- where you going?
scene_heading: CHOOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: He has opened the door and is standing in the doorway, his
text: hand, still on the knob. He is smiling at Bobby with secret
dialog: amusement. He's got an idea.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: If he's that difficult to see, perhaps
dialog: we ought to leave a calling card.
text: Klaatu disappears into the study. Amazed, Bobby follows.
scene_heading: INT. BARNHARDT'S STUDY
text: Bobby watches as Klaatu walks to the blackboard and picks up
text: a piece of chalk. As though correcting a schoolboy's work,
text: he makes large check marks at several points in each equation.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - BARNHARDT'S HOUSE
text: An efficient-looking middle-aged woman is mounting the steps
text: to the entrance, getting her front door key out of her purse,
text: when her eye falls on the French doors, which are standing
text: ajar. Puzzled, she starts down the porch toward the doors.
text: This woman is Barnhardt's secretary and her name is HILDA.
text: Bobby is watching as Klaatu writes across the blackboard in
dialog: a bold hand: Differentiate the equation ( ).
text: Klaatu underlines this comment with a sharp stroke, when a
text: stern voice is heard off screen.
speaker_heading: HILDA'S VOICE
dialog: What are you doing in here?
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: as Klaatu and Bobby turn in surprise. Standing in the open
text: French doors is Hilda, eyeing them with stern suspicion.
speaker_heading: HILDA
dialog: (outraged by Klaatu's
dialog: desecration of the
dialog: sacred blackboard)
dialog: How dare you write on that blackboard!
dialog: (Klaatu eyes her mildly)
dialog: Do you realize the Professor has
dialog: been working on that problem for
dialog: weeks?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: He'll catch on to it in no time now.
speaker_heading: HILDA
dialog: (controlling herself
dialog: with an effort)
dialog: How did you get in here? And what do
dialog: you want?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: We came to see Professor Barnhardt.
speaker_heading: HILDA
dialog: Well, he's not here. And he won't be
dialog: back till this evening.
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: I think you'd better leave now.
text: Unruffled, Klaatu turns to the desk
text: and scribbles something on a scratch
text: pad. He tears off the piece of paper
text: and hands it to Hilda.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: You might keep this.
dialog: (with easy assurance)
dialog: I think the professor will want to
dialog: get in touch with me.
text: With a polite nod he goes out the French doors, followed by
text: Bobby. Hilda eyes the door for a moment, then glances down
text: at the paper in her hand, disturbed and puzzled by this
text: stranger. Her glance wanders to the blackboard and she picks
text: up an eraser, debating whether to erase Klaatu's corrections.
text: At that moment the French door opens and Klaatu sticks his
text: head in. Startled, Hilda drops the eraser.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (pointing to the
dialog: blackboard)
dialog: I wouldn't erase that. The Professor
dialog: needs it very badly.
text: And he disappears, leaving Hilda to glare after him in
text: impotent rage. Deciding that this man is either a crackpot
text: or a menace, she goes to the telephone on the desk and starts
text: dialing a number.
scene_heading: EXT. BARNHARDT'S HOUSE - MED. SHOT
text: as Klaatu and Bobby come down the steps and turn into the
text: sidewalk. They are talking and laughing together, but we
text: can't hear their conversation. CAMERA PANS with them as they
text: move on up the sidewalk, revealing two kids playing hopscotch.
text: Klaatu watches, fascinated, as he walks by. Then, having
text: passed the kids, he tries the one-footed, then two-footed
dialog: hop that characterizes the game.
scene_heading: INT. BARNHARDT'S STUDY
text: Hilda is talking on the phone.
speaker_heading: HILDA
dialog: --no, Sergeant, there was no
dialog: classified material around, but I
dialog: have instructions to report anything
dialog: unusual to the police... Yes -- I'm
text: Professor Barnhardt's secretary.
dialog: (consulting the paper
dialog: in her hand)
dialog: The man's name is Carpenter -- and
dialog: he lives at 1615 St. Street, N.W...
dialog: Yes, that's right--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ARLINGTON NATIONAL CEMETERY - LONG SHOT - DAY
text: Bobby and Klaatu come out of a wooded path into a section of
text: the cemetery where the myriad crosses seem to reach into
text: infinity. They pause for a moment, then Bobby leads the way
text: through one of the rows.
scene_heading: EXT. ARLINGTON CEMETERY - CLOSE SHOT
text: in one of the many rows are crosses that extend beyond CAMERA
text: RANGE. CAMERA MOVES IN on one of the crosses. It bears the
scene_heading: name LT. ROBERT BENSON.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - KLAATU AND B0BBY
text: as they come into scene and look down at the grave.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That's my father.
text: (Klaatu glances at
text: the boy, then nods
dialog: understandingly)
dialog: He was killed at a place called Anzio.
text: Klaatu's glance roves out thoughtfully to the infinite rows
text: of crosses, and his eyes are sad as they return to Bobby.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ARLINGTON CEMETERY - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Klaatu and Bobby are approaching a bench beside a pathway
text: overhung with trees. Bobby leads the way to the bench and
text: they sit down. Klaatu's eyes stray out to the myriad crosses.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (Reflectively)
dialog: Did all these people die in wars?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (somewhat surprised)
dialog: Sure. Didn't you ever hear of
dialog: Arlington Cemetery?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: No -- I'm afraid not.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (very serious)
dialog: Mr. Carpenter" -- you don't seem to
dialog: know about anything.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (Amused)
dialog: I'll tell you, Bobby -- I've been
text: away for a long time. Very far away.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Is it different where you've been?
dialog: (indicating the
dialog: cemetery)
dialog: Don't they have places like this?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: They have cemeteries. But not like
dialog: this one... You see, they don't have
dialog: any wars.
text: Bobby looks at him, puzzled and impressed by this
text: incomprehensible notion.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Gee -- that's a good idea.
text: His eyes are drawn subconsciously out to the rows of crosses.
text: Then he turns back to Klaatu with a slow-dawning look of
text: curiosity, and Klaatu deliberately changes the subject.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: What would you like to do this
dialog: afternoon?
text: After a moment Bobby's expression changes and he breaks into
text: a broad grin.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Go to the movies.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (he didn't dare hope
dialog: for this)
dialog: No foolin'? Will you?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Certainly.
dialog: (then he hesitates)
dialog: Tell me, Bobby -- do you have to
dialog: have money to go there?
text: Bobby gives him a look of amazement, then grins, assuming
dialog: Klaatu was kidding and simply hasn't any money.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: I've got some money. My mother gave
dialog: me two dollars.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: No -- I want to take you to the
dialog: movies.
dialog: (he takes some objects
dialog: out of his pocket)
dialog: Do you think they'd accept these?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU'S HAND
text: Sparkling in his palm are eight or ten cut diamonds of various
dialog: sizes.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - KLAATU AND BOBBY
text: The boy is staring at the stones in wide-eyed amazement.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Gee -- those look like diamonds!
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Some places that's what people use
dialog: for money. They're easy to carry --
dialog: and they don't wear out.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (staring at them
dialog: fascinated)
dialog: Bet they're worth about a million
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Would you give me your two dollars
dialog: for a couple of them?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: (with a nervous, unsure
dialog: smile)
dialog: Well, sure, but--
text: The boy studies Klaatu's face to see if he's kidding.
text: Realizing that he's not, Bobby's face takes on a childishly
text: shrewd expression -- as though he were about to trade a
text: jackknife for an ocean liner.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: Okay.
text: The boy takes out two dollar bills and offers them almost
text: challengingly. Klaatu takes the bills and hands Bobby two
text: good-sized Diamonds. They study their new acquisitions with
text: interest. Bobby looks up from his diamonds to steal a guilty
text: glance at Klaatu.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Let's not say anything to my mother
dialog: about this, Mr. Carpenter.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (mildly curious)
dialog: Why not, Bobby?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: She doesn't like me to steal from
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BOARDINGHOUSE STREET - MED. SHOT - NIGHT
text: Shooting toward the curb as a police prowl car drives up and
text: stops in front of the boardinghouse. A Detective in
text: plainclothes gets out and gestures to the uniformed Driver
text: to pull up the street a way and wait. The Driver nods and
text: the car moves off as the Detective crosses the sidewalk to
dialog: the boardinghouse.
scene_heading: EXT. BOARDINGHOUSE - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: As the Detective mounts the steps he glances through a window
text: into the living room. Klaatu can be seen reading to Bobby,
text: who is perched happily on the arm of Klaatu's chair. The
text: Detective moves to the front door ant rings the bell. There
text: is the sound of running feet and in a moment the door is
text: opened and Bobby appears.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Mr. Carpenter come home yet?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (studying the man
dialog: curiously)
dialog: Yeah -- he's right inside.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - BOARDINGHOUSE
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Tell him I'd like to see him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Mr. Carpenter--!
dialog: (to the Detective)
dialog: Come on in.
text: The Detective steps inside and Bobby closes the door, as
text: Klaatu appears from the living room.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Your name Carpenter?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (puzzled that anyone
dialog: should know him)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (then recalling, with
dialog: a smile of
dialog: satisfaction)
dialog: Oh -- I suppose Professor Barnhardt's
dialog: looking far me.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: (dryly, with grim
dialog: emphasis)
dialog: I been looking for you all afternoon.
scene_heading: EXT. BOARDINGHOUSE STREET - MED. SHOT - NIGHT
dialog: An inexpensive convertible -- a 1948 Ford, or Chevrolet --
text: drives up and stops in front of the house. Helen and Tom are
dialog: in it.
scene_heading: INT. CONVERTABLE - TW0 SHOT - HELEN AND TOM
dialog: You get the feeling that Helen and Ton have spent a very
text: enjoyable day together and are reluctant to say goodnight.
text: Tom puts his arm around her and kisses her.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (fondly)
dialog: It was a wonderful day.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You still haven't answered my
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (warmly sincere)
dialog: You know how I feel, Tom. I just
dialog: want to think it over.
speaker_heading: TOM
text: The boss is leaving for Chicago
dialog: tomorrow. If I could tell him I was
dialog: getting married -- with two dependents--
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You're a good salesman -- but I've
dialog: got to think about it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: A good insurance salesman wouldn't
dialog: give you time to think.
text: With a smile and, a quick kiss, Helen gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: 'Night.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: as Helen turns and hurries across the sidewalk to the house.
text: In the entrance she turns and waves to Tom. He waves back
text: and drives off slowly. Helen lets herself in with her key.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALL - BOARDINGHOUSE
text: The Detective is putting on his hat and preparing to leave
text: with Klaatu as Helen enters. There is a moment of awkwardness
text: and confusion as she glances, puzzled, at the Detective.
text: Bobby runs to her and greets her excitedly.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hi Mom!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Hello, darling.
dialog: (she kisses Bobby,
dialog: then turns
dialog: questioningly to
dialog: Klaatu and the
dialog: Detective)
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Carpenter.
text: Klaatu is uneasy but tries not to show it as he smiles in
text: greeting and introduces the Detective.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Mrs. Benson -- this is Mr. Brady.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (Impressively)
dialog: Mr. Brady's a cop.
text: Helen glances quickly at the Detective, then at Klaatu,
text: surprised and troubled. She turns to Bobby to cover her
dialog: confusion.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (to Bobby)
dialog: Did you have a nice day, dear?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (enthusiastically)
dialog: Boy, we had a swell time. Didn't we,
dialog: Mr. Carpenter?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: We certainly did.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We went to the movies -- and we had
dialog: ice cream cones -- and we went to
dialog: see Daddy--
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (moved and grateful,
text: she's uneasy and
dialog: concerned as she
dialog: turns to Klaatu)
dialog: I don't know how to thank you.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I enjoyed every minute of it.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: (with quiet insistence)
dialog: We better get goin', Mr. Carpenter.
text: As Klaatu nods and prepares to follow him, Bobby speaks to
dialog: Klaatu.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Aw, gee -- we didn't finish our story.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: We'll finish it tomorrow... Goodnight,
dialog: Bobby.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Goodnight.
text: Klaatu and the Detective nod to Helen and they go out. Helen
text: watches the door close with real concern, wondering why the
text: police want Klaatu and hoping he hasn't done anything wrong.
text: Still disturbed, she turns to lead Bobby upstairs.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Come on, Bobby. Time to go to bed.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (he followers her,
dialog: then hesitates)
dialog: Mom -- why does Mr. Carpenter have
dialog: to go down to the police station?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I -- I don't know, dear... Perhaps
dialog: there's some mistake.
text: This satisfies him for the moment -- even though it doesn't
text: satisfy Helen. He is climbing the stairs beside her.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We sure had fun today. We saw the
dialog: space ship and we went to see
dialog: Professor Barnhardt -- and--
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (flashing him a
text: puzzled, incredulous
dialog: look)
text: Professor Barnhardt.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (almost ignoring the
dialog: interruption)
dialog: Yeah, sure. Mom, do I have to go to
dialog: school tomorrow?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Of course, dear.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Aw, gee, Mom -- I had plans to play
dialog: with Mr. Carpenter.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - FULL SHOT - NIGHT
text: The place is crowded and there is a feeling of feverish but
text: well-ordered activity. Unidentified people who have been
text: picked up in the search for the space man are being screened
text: by the police. They are all men -- all between forty and
text: sixty years old -- and they are from all walks of life. A
text: series of desks have been arranged in a row, with signs over
text: them reading IDENTIFICATION. At each desk is a team of cops
text: and before each desk is a line of men waiting to be screened.
text: At the far end of the room Klaatu can be seen at the desk of
text: a Police Lieutenant, with the detective who picked him up.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: Shooting over the shoulders of two cops at one of the desks,
text: toward the line of people they are screening. A nondescript,
text: middle-aged vagrant stands before the desk as one of the
text: cops flips through a card file.
speaker_heading: FIRST COP
dialog: (to the cop beside
dialog: him)
dialog: B.M. Alberts -- no prior arrests.
speaker_heading: SECOND COP
dialog: (to the vagrant)
dialog: No identification?
text: (the man shakes his
dialog: head dully)
dialog: Send him over to G-2.
text: The man is taken out of the line as CAMERA MOVES ON to the
text: next desk, with another pair of cops and another line. A
text: rather distinguished-looking business man is placing a sheaf
text: of identification cards and papers on the desk.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: My wife just arrived with my
dialog: identification.
text: One of the cops at the desk glances over the papers and nods
dialog: to the man.
speaker_heading: THIRD COP
dialog: That'll be all, Mr. Baxter. Sorry to
dialog: bother you... Next.
text: CAMERA MOVES ON to a third desk where a small, rat-faced man
text: is standing uneasily before the two cops, one of whom is
text: flipping through a card file.
speaker_heading: FOURTH COP
dialog: Cappo, John C?
dialog: (the man nods)
dialog: Two priors -- one for petty theft --
text: one for shoplifting.
speaker_heading: FIFTH COP
dialog: (waving the man away)
dialog: Okay, Jonny -- you can go.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (with a nervous grin)
dialog: Sometimes a record comes in handy.
dialog: (and he moves off)
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - AT LIEUTENANT'S DESK
text: A Detective Lieutenant in plain clothes is questioning Klaatu,
text: who stands beside the Detective who brought him in. The
text: Lieutenant is a rugged but dignified man about fifty,
dialog: intelligent and businesslike.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
text: The Professor's secretary says she
dialog: found you in Barnhardt's room, making
text: marks on his blackboard.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I was only trying to be helpful. He
dialog: was having difficulty with a problem.
text: The Lieutenant exchanges a look with the Detective.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: Oh, I see. He was having trouble and
dialog: you were helping him out.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (quietly sharp and
dialog: accusing)
dialog: I suppose you know that Barnhardt
dialog: does a lot of secret work for the
dialog: Army.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: In this case the secret wouldn't be
dialog: worth much. He doesn't know the answer
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (growing impatient)
dialog: But I suppose you know the answer.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (with a deprecating
dialog: shrug)
dialog: It's really quite simple... The three-
dialog: body problem, you know.
text: The lieutenant shifts in his chair, annoyed that he has to
text: deal with this madman. He glances at a report on his desk,
text: trying to control his impatience.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Your name's Carpenter -- that right?
dialog: (Klaatu nods)
dialog: Any identification, Mr. Carpenter?
dialog: Driver's license -- social security
dialog: number?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: No -- I'm afraid not.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Well, how do I know who you are?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (secretly amused)
dialog: You don't.
text: The Lieutenant is turning away in exasperation as a uniformed
text: cop comes into the scene.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Excuse me, Lieutenant --
dialog: (pointing offscene)
dialog: The Doc says this man needs treatment
dialog: right away.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: A man about forty-five, bloodied and badly beaten, is being
text: supported and half-carried by two policemen. A police doctor
text: is guiding them to a doorway, near which is a sign INFIRMARY.
text: The man is almost unconscious, incapable even of holding up
text: his head.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - AT LIEUTENANT'S DESK
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: What's the story?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Some fella caught him lookin' in a
dialog: window and figured he was the space
dialog: man. The whole neighborhood went
text: crazy and they ganged up on him.
dialog: Would have killed him if we hadn't
dialog: come along... Turns out he was just
text: a prowler.
text: The Lieutenant grimaces his disgust and impatience with mob
dialog: violence.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Okay -- book him and get him fixed
dialog: up.
dialog: (the cops nods and
dialog: goes, and the
text: Lieutenant growls as
text: he turns back to
dialog: Klaatu and the
dialog: Detective)
dialog: Looks like everybody's goin' nuts.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (appalled by what he
dialog: has seen and heard)
dialog: They would have killed this man?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (gruffly)
dialog: People get hysterical enough, they
dialog: do anything.
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Look, Mr. Carpenter -- if you can't
dialog: identify yourself, I got to send you
text: over to the Army.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (pretending impatience,
dialog: but actually growing
dialog: concerned)
dialog: How long will that take?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: They can tell right away. They've
dialog: got a couple of doctors who saw this
text: man in the hospital.
dialog: (to the Detective)
dialog: Take him over to G2.
text: Really concerned now, Klaatu tries to find a way out. He
text: attempts an authoritative air.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: It's very important, Lieutenant,
dialog: that I see Professor Barnhardt.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Come on, Mr. Carpenter--
text: Shaking off the Detective's hand, Klaatu speaks to the
dialog: Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: May I suggest that you call the
dialog: Professor?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (all patience gone)
dialog: Get going, will you, Brady -- before
dialog: I get mad!
text: The Detective takes Klaatu's arm and leads him toward the
text: door. As they go they pass a Military Police Captain, who
text: makes his way straight to the Lieutenant's desk.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - TWO SHOT - KLAATU AND DETECTIVE
text: as they come out of the station. Klaatu hesitates a moment,
text: looks around. His face reveals nothing, but he seems to be
text: momentarily considering the idea of making a break. The
text: Detective, sensitive to such a possibility, hooks his arm
text: under Klaatu's and nods his head toward the sidewalk in silent
text: command. Klaatu allows himself to be led off.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: as the Detective leads Klaatu across the sidewalk to the
text: curb, where a police car is standing. Parked just behind it
text: is an Army staff car.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - ENTRANCE TO POLICE STATION
text: as the M.P. Captain appears in the entrance, accompanied by
text: the Police Lieutenant. They see Klaatu and the Detective
text: approaching the police car and hurry out of scene after them.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - AT POLICE CAR
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (to the Detective)
dialog: Wait a minute, Brady--
dialog: (indicating orders in
dialog: his hand)
dialog: The Captain here's got orders from
dialog: General Cutler to take this man over
dialog: to Professor Barnhardt.
scene_heading: M.P. CAPTAIN
dialog: (to Klaatu firmly but
dialog: respectfully)
dialog: Will you come with me, Sir?
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: as Klaatu gets out of the police car and the Captain escorts
text: him toward the staff car. Passing the Lieutenant, Klaatu
text: speaks with a polite smile, a smile that might be one of
text: mild triumph.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Sorry to trouble you, Lieutenant.
text: The Lieutenant reacts with impatient exasperation as the
text: Captain holds the staff car door open for Klaatu, who steps
dialog: into the Army vehicle, as we--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - BARNHARDT'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: as the M.P. Captain and Klaatu enter the front door, which
text: is held open for then by Hilda. She gestures them toward the
text: half-open door of Barnhardt's study, where Barnhardt can be
text: seen puzzling over the problem on the blackboard. The Captain
text: knocks on the open door to attract his attention and enters
dialog: with Klaatu.
scene_heading: INT. BARNHARDT'S STUDY
text: Barnhardt turns from his deep preoccupation at the blackboard,
text: chalk in hand.
scene_heading: M.P. CAPTAIN
dialog: This is the man you wanted to see,
dialog: Professor.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: (studying Klaatu
dialog: curiously)
dialog: Thank you, Captain.
scene_heading: M.P. CAPTAIN
dialog: I'll wait outside.
text: He steps out into the hall, closing the door. Barnhardt
text: continues to study Klaatu for a moment, then points to the
text: notations he made on the blackboard. There is a controlled
text: but anxious excitement in Barnhardt's attitude.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: You wrote this?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (nodding easily)
dialog: It was a clumsy way to introduce
dialog: myself -- but I understand you're a
dialog: difficult man to see.
dialog: (glancing at the
dialog: blackboard
dialog: reproachfully)
dialog: I thought you'd have the solution by
dialog: this time.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: Not yet. That's why I wanted to see
dialog: you.
text: Klaatu glances at the work Barnhardt has been doing on the
text: board. Then he points to one of the expressions in an
dialog: equation.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: All you have to do now is substitute
dialog: this expression--
dialog: (pointing to a specific
dialog: place)
dialog: --at this point.
text: Impressed and interested, Barnhardt tugs at his chin as he
text: studies and weighs the results.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: (slowly, thoughtfully)
dialog: Yes -- that will reproduce the first-
dialog: order terms. But what about the effect
dialog: of the other terms?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
text: Almost negligible... With variation
dialog: of parameters, this is the answer.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: How can you be so sure? Have you
dialog: tested this theory?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (with a slight smile)
dialog: I find it works well enough to get
dialog: me from one planet to another.
text: (Barnhardt stares at
dialog: him blankly)
dialog: I understand you've called a meeting
dialog: to study our space ship.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
text: As though unsure of what he's heard)
dialog: Yes -- yes, I have.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: My name is Klaatu.
dialog: (noting that
text: Barnhardt's expression
dialog: is changing from
dialog: amazement to
dialog: incredulity)
dialog: I spent two days at your Walter Reed
dialog: Hospital. Room 309. My doctor's name
dialog: was Major White -- and I had a very
dialog: attractive nurse called Ruth, who's
dialog: getting married next Wednesday.
dialog: (Klaatu waits for
dialog: this to sink in,
text: then speaks with
dialog: quiet authority)
dialog: If you are not interested -- or if
dialog: you intend to turn me over to your
dialog: Army -- we needn't waste any more
dialog: time.
text: Barnhardt hesitates for a long, thoughtful moment. Then he
text: goes to the door, opens it and speaks to the Captain outside.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: (to the Captain, his
dialog: voice a little
dialog: unsteady)
dialog: You can go now, Captain. Please thank
dialog: General Cutler and tell him -- tell
dialog: him that I know this gentleman.
text: Barnhardt closes the door and turns to find Klaatu watching
text: him with a faint smile. Barnhardt sinks into a chair, trying
text: to adjust his mind.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: You have faith, Professor Barnhardt
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: It isn't faith that makes good
dialog: science, Mr. Klaatu. Its curiosity.
dialog: (unable to conceal
dialog: his interest)
dialog: Sit down, please. I have several
dialog: thousand questions to ask you.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (ignoring the
dialog: invitation)
dialog: I would like to explain something of
dialog: my mission here.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: That was my first question.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (with some bitterness)
dialog: It was my intention to discuss this
dialog: officially -- with all the nations
dialog: of the Earth -- but I was not allowed
dialog: the Opportunity. I have come to
dialog: realize since that your mutual fears
dialog: and suspicions are merely the normal
text: reactions of a primitive society.
dialog: (gathering his thoughts)
dialog: We know from scientific observation
dialog: that you have discovered a rudimentary
dialog: kind of atomic energy. We also know
dialog: that you are experimenting with
dialog: rockets.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: Yes -- that is true.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
text: In the hands of a mature civilization,
dialog: these would not be considered weapons
text: of aggression. But in the hands of
dialog: your people--
text: (he shrugs and shakes
dialog: his head)
dialog: We've observed your aggressive
dialog: tendencies, and we don't trust you
dialog: with such power.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: If you mean that you are afraid of
dialog: us--
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (with cool impressive
dialog: emphasis)
dialog: We want to be sure you don't make --
dialog: let us say -- an unfortunate mistake.
dialog: We know the potentiality of these
dialog: developments and we are disturbed to
dialog: find them in the hands of children...
dialog: You see, we've had atomic energy for
dialog: five thousand of your years.
dialog: (indicating the
dialog: telephone)
dialog: We discarded instruments like this
dialog: many centuries ago.
dialog: (he paces thoughtfully)
dialog: So long as you were limited to
dialog: fighting among yourselves -- with
dialog: your primitive tanks and planes --
dialog: we were unconcerned. But soon you
dialog: will apply atomic energy to space
dialog: ships -- and then you become a threat
dialog: to the peace and security of other
dialog: planets. That, of course, we cannot
dialog: tolerate.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: (thoughtful and
dialog: impressed)
dialog: These other planets -- do they have
dialog: peace and security?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: We had our atomic wars -- thousands
dialog: of years ago.
dialog: (he smiles wryly)
dialog: After that we fought with bows and
dialog: arrows. Then, slowly, we learned
dialog: that fighting is no solution -- that
text: aggression leads to chaos.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: (with deep conviction)
dialog: We scientists understand this. Even
dialog: we primitive scientists.
dialog: (Straightforwardly)
dialog: What exactly is the nature of your
dialog: mission, Mr. Klaatu?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I came here to warn you that, by
dialog: threatening danger, your planet faces
dialog: danger -- very grave danger. I am
dialog: prepared, however, to offer a
dialog: solution.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: Would you care to be more specific?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: What I have to say must be said to
dialog: all concerned.
dialog: (with a suggestion of
dialog: deference to Barnhardt)
dialog: It is too important to be entrusted
dialog: to any individual.
text: Barnhardt is forced reluctantly to accept Klaatu's refusal
text: to go any further. After a moment's thought, he speaks
text: seriously, but with a twinkle in his eye.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: I gather that your efforts on the
dialog: official level were not entirely
dialog: successful.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (sternly, as this
dialog: unpleasant episode
dialog: is recalled)
dialog: I come to you as a last resort --
dialog: and I confess that my patience is
text: wearing thin.
dialog: (with Jovian annoyance)
dialog: Must I take drastic action in order
dialog: to get a hearing?
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: (uneasily)
dialog: What -- what sort of action do you
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Violent action -- since that seems
dialog: to be the only thing you people
dialog: understand.
dialog: (quietly)
text: Leveling the island of Manhattan,
dialog: perhaps -- or dropping the Rock of
text: Gibraltar into the sea.
text: Barnhardt stands staring at him for a moment, passes his
text: hand across his brow. Then, as Klaatu watches, Barnhardt
text: paces the floor, trying to digest what he has heard. After a
text: moment, he turns to Klaatu.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: Would you be willing to meet with
dialog: the group of scientists I am calling
dialog: together?. Perhaps you could explain
dialog: your mission to them, and they in
dialog: turn could present it to their various
dialog: peoples.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (quietly, evenly)
dialog: That's what I came to see you about.
text: Barnhardt flings him a glance, then looks momentarily
text: sheepish. But his own eagerness carries him on. He paces the
dialog: floor thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: It is not enough to have men of
dialog: science. We scientists are too easily
dialog: ignored -- or misunderstood. We must
dialog: get important men from every field.
dialog: Educators -- philosophers -- church
dialog: leaders -- men of vision and
dialog: imagination -- the finest minds in
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I leave that in your hands.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: You'd have no objection to revealing
dialog: yourself at this meeting?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: No -- not at all.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: What about your personal safety in
dialog: the meantime? What about the Army --
dialog: and the police?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: My name is Carpenter and I'm a very
text: earthy character living in a
text: respectable boarding house.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: (smiling, but a little
dialog: concerned)
dialog: I'm afraid I can't offer you any
dialog: real protection. I have no influence
dialog: in cases of inter-planetary
dialog: conspiracy.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I'm sure I'll be quite safe until
dialog: the meeting.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
text: (he suddenly pauses,
dialog: thoughtfully)
dialog: One thing, Mr. Klaatu. Suppose this
dialog: group should reject your proposals.
dialog: What is the alternative?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (with a sense of quiet,
dialog: inescapable power)
dialog: I'm afraid you have no alternative.
dialog: In such, a case the planet Earth
dialog: would have to be--
dialog: (he looks for the
dialog: right word)
dialog: --eliminated.
text: The implications of this statement leave Barnhardt speechless,
text: his keen mind reeling.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: Such power exists?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I assure you such power exists.
text: Barnhardt stands silent for a moment, trying to collect his
text: shattered thoughts. Klaatu watches him as he starts pacing
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: The people who came to the meeting
dialog: must be made to realize this. They
dialog: must understand what is at stake.
dialog: (after a thoughtful
dialog: moment, he looks up)
dialog: You mentioned a demonstration of
dialog: force--
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: Would such, a demonstration be
dialog: possible before the meeting?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Yes -- of course.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: Something that would dramatize for
dialog: them and for their people the
dialog: seriousness of the situation.
dialog: Something that would affect the entire
dialog: planet.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (with a nod)
dialog: That can easily be arranged.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: (frightened by his
dialog: easy assumption of
dialog: infinite power)
dialog: I wouldn't want you to harm anybody --
dialog: or destroy anything.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (easily)
dialog: Why don't you leave it to me? I'll
dialog: think of something.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: (with a nervous half-
dialog: smile)
dialog: Maybe a little demonstration.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (thinking about it)
dialog: Something dramatic -- but not
dialog: destructive.
dialog: (intellectually amused)
dialog: It's quite an interesting problem.
text: (Barnhardt nods vaguely)
dialog: Would day after tomorrow be all right?
dialog: Say about noon?
text: Klaatu's bland manner leaves Barnhardt shaken, almost wishing
dialog: he'd never started this business.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - BOARDINGHOUSE - NIGHT
text: It is about 3:30 the following evening. Helen is sitting in
text: a chair leafing through a magazine. She is dressed to go
text: out. A corner of the dining room can be seen, where Mr. and
text: Mrs. Barley are playing cards with Mr. Krull. Mrs. Crockett,
text: the landlady, enters from the hall on her way to the dining
text: room and notices Helen.
scene_heading: MRS. CROCKETT
dialog: Going out, dear?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yes, I'm waiting for Tom to pick me
dialog: up.
scene_heading: MRS. CROCKETT
dialog: (with a shudder)
dialog: Personally, I won't go out after
dialog: dark these days.
dialog: (with an attempt at
dialog: slyness)
dialog: But then -- I'm not courting, am I?
text: She turns to go on into the dining room and as she does so
text: almost bumps into Klaatu who is coming out, having been
dialog: kibitzing the card game.
scene_heading: MRS. CROCKETT
dialog: (thoroughly startled)
dialog: Oh -- Mr. Carpenter--!
text: Klaatu steps aside as she hurries nervously into the dining
text: room. He turns, puzzled, to find Helen watching with a slight
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Everyone seems so--
text: (he shakes his hands
dialog: to indicate
dialog: nervousness)
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Jittery is the word.
text: Helen watches him, a little uneasy in his presence. She is
text: fond of him, and she can't help being curious and concerned
text: about his brush with the police.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (with a contemplative
dialog: smile)
dialog: Bobby's the only person I know who
dialog: isn't -- Jittery.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: He has his homework to keep him
dialog: occupied.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (fondly, sincerely)
dialog: He's a fine boy, Mrs. Benson.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Naturally I think so.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Warm and friendly and intelligent--
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: You know -- he's the only real friend
dialog: I've made since I've been here.
text: Helen is deeply moved by Klaatu's affection for the boy, She
text: tried to dismiss her curiosity about him, but she can't. She
text: decides to face it.
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: (hesitantly and with
dialog: some difficulty)
dialog: Mr. Carpenter -- this is none of my
dialog: business, but -- why did that
dialog: detective come here last night?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (with easy frankness)
dialog: Oh -- they just wanted to ask me a
dialog: few questions. Bobby and I tried to
dialog: see Professor Barnhardt in the
text: afternoon, but he wasn't in.
dialog: Apparently they thought I was looking
dialog: for secrets of some kind.
text: Helen has reacted in puzzlement at this second mention of
text: Barnhardt. They are interrupted by the ringing of the
text: doorbell. Helen goes to answer it.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: as Helen opens the front door to admit Tom. He appears
text: impatient, anxious to get going.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Hello--
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You ready?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I will be in just a minute.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (a little annoyed
dialog: that she hasn't her
text: coat on, he consults
dialog: his watch)
text: The picture starts at eight-fifty.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (in explanation)
dialog: I was talking to Mr. Carpenter.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (lightly, but with
dialog: real sarcasm
dialog: underneath)
dialog: I hope Mr. Carpenter won't think I'm
text: intruding.
text: Helen tries to shush him, to indicate Klaatu is in the next
text: room, when Klaatu appears in the doorway. He must have heard
text: Tom's remark, and there is an awkward moment. Klaatu is
text: completely unperturbed, but Helen is embarrassed.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Excuse me. I was just going up to my
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (guiltily)
dialog: Goodnight, Mr. Carpenter.
text: Klaatu stops and turns to face them pleasantly.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Have a good time -- both of you.
text: He goes on up the stairs. Helen steers Tom toward the living
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Why don't you wait in here while I
dialog: get my things?
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: As they enter from the hall, Helen turns to Tom reproachfully.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Oh, Tom, that was awful.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (momentary apologetic)
dialog: I'm sorry. I guess I'm just tired of
dialog: hearing about Mr. Carpenter.
dialog: (Helen shushes him)
dialog: I don't like the way he's attached
dialog: himself to you and Bobby. After all,
dialog: what do you know about him?
text: This touches on Helen's own private doubts, and she cannot
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I'll go get my things.
text: She turns quickly and goes into the hall and hurries up the
text: stairs. Tom looks after her, dismissing the matter with a
text: shake of the head and a philosophical sigh. Of such stuff
dialog: are women made.
scene_heading: INT - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: Helen reaches the top of the stairs, crosses to her room and
text: grabs a coat off the bed. She's putting it on as she moves
text: down the hall to Bobby's room, the door of which is open.
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S ROOM
text: Bobby is at a table doing his homework and Klaatu has just
text: finished explaining an arithmetic problem to him, as Helen
text: enters, still putting on her coat.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (about to leave)
dialog: All you have to remember is, first
dialog: find the common denominator -- then
dialog: subtract.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Thanks, Mr. Carpenter.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (to Helen, pleasantly)
dialog: I'll say goodnight again.
text: Helen is embarrassed. She would like to apologize for the
text: awkwardness downstairs but she doesn't quite know how to go
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Mr. Carpenter, I--
dialog: (it's too complicated;
dialog: she can't do it)
dialog: Goodnight.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
text: (with a warm smile of
dialog: complete understanding
dialog: and appreciation)
dialog: Goodnight, my dear.
text: He turns and goes out, closing the door. A little distracted,
text: Helen turns to Bobby.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Go to bed, darling. You can finish
dialog: that in the morning.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Okay.
text: Helen watches as he starts to put away his work. She wants
text: to tell him something, but finds it difficult to say.
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: (hesitantly, almost
dialog: guiltily)
dialog: Bobby -- I think it would be better
dialog: if we didn't see quite so much of
dialog: Mr. Carpenter
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (shocked, and
dialog: bewildered)
dialog: Gee, why, Mom? He's my best friend...
dialog: And he's awful good in arithmetic.
text: He even helps Professor Barnhardt.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Did you and Mr. Carpenter really go
dialog: to see Professor Barnhardt?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Sure we did! He wasn't there but we
dialog: went to see him. And Mr. Carpenter
dialog: showed him how to do his arithmetic.
text: Helen is surprised to get this corroboration for Klaatu's
text: story. Sensing his mother's uneasiness, the boy looks for
text: something intriguing -- some deep, dark secret.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (shrewdly)
dialog: Mom -- is there something wrong with
dialog: Mr. Carpenter?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: What do you mean, dear?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I mean -- on account of that policeman
dialog: last night.
text: (his eyes light up
dialog: hopefully)
dialog: You think he's a bank robber, maybe?
dialog: Or a gangster?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: No, dear, of course not. He's a very
dialog: nice man. I Just think he might prefer
dialog: to be left alone. Now you get to bed
dialog: and forget about it.
dialog: (she kisses him)
dialog: 'Night, darling.
text: With a reassuring smile, she starts for the door.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Goodnight.
dialog: (stopping her in the
dialog: doorway, his
dialog: imaginative suspicions
dialog: mounting)
dialog: Hey Mom -- why would he want to be
dialog: alone?
text: Not wanting to go into this any further, Helen blows him a
text: kiss and backs out, closing the door. Bobby stands thinking
text: for a moment, his mind still speculating on all sorts of
text: wonderful possibilities. Still preoccupied, he drifts over
text: to his bed and sits down to take of his shoes. He drops the
text: first one to the floor and is starting on the other, when
text: there is a light rap on his door. The door opens and Klaatu
text: appears.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Bobby -- have you a flashlight?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (surprised by his
dialog: appearance and his
dialog: request)
dialog: Yeah -- sure.
dialog: (he goes to a drawer
dialog: and gets a large
dialog: hand flashlight)
dialog: It's a real Boy Scout flashlight.
text: Bobby hands him the light, studying his face with eager
dialog: curiosity.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What do you want it for, Mr.
dialog: Carpenter?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (evasively)
dialog: Why -- the light in my room went
dialog: out.
dialog: (cutting off further
dialog: questions)
dialog: Thank you, Bobby. Goodnight.
text: Klaatu goes out, closing the door behind him. Bobby hesitates
text: a moment, puzzled and curious. Then he goes over to the door,
text: flips off the lights, and slowly, noiselessly opens the door
text: a crack so he can peer out into the hall.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: shooting down the hall through the crack in Bobby's door.
text: Klaatu's door is ajar and through it the lights in his room
text: can be seen burning brightly. Klaatu goes to his door, reaches
text: in and flips off the lights and closes the door. He then
text: scans the hall in both directions. Satisfied he isn't seen,
text: he moves surreptitiously down the hall toward the stairs,
text: still carrying the flashlight.
scene_heading: MED CLOSE SHOT - BOBBY
text: as he closes his door carefully, an expression of intense
text: excitement on his face. What he has seem is certainly,
text: unmistakably suspicious. Why did Mr. Carpenter lie to him?
dialog: What does he want the flashlight for and where is he going?
text: Bobby decides he's got to find out. Hurriedly he laces on
text: the shoe he had taken off, and peers out the door to find
text: the hall clear. He slips out the door, closing it behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MED. CLOSE SHOT - NIGHT
text: Klaatu is walking down the dark, semi-deserted street with
text: the determined stride of a man with a definite objective.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - BOBBY
text: Half a block behind, he's following Klaatu, eagerly, flushed
text: with a sense of excitement and adventure.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET CORNER - NIGHT
text: Walking along the sidewalk, Klaatu turns into a side street,
text: disappearing from view around the corner. In a moment, Bobby
text: hurries into scene breathlessly. He pulls up for a moment to
text: rest. Then, getting his breath, he dashes on around the corner
dialog: after Klaatu.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LARGE TEMPORARY BUILDING - LONG SHOT - NIGHT
text: This is a temporary structure that has been erected to enclose
text: the space ship and Gort. In front of the one small door are
text: two soldiers, standing guard. Concealed in some foreground
text: foliage, studying the layout, is Klaatu. Nearby 's a sign
text: reading: KEEP OUT! This area OFF LIMITS to the public. U.S.
speaker_heading: ARMY.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOBBY
text: He is a short distance away, watching Klaatu eagerly.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: as he studies the situation.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: shooting over Klaatu's shoulder. As he watches, a Jeep filled
text: with armed soldiers -- apparently regular patrol -- drives
text: up to the entrance of the building. They stop for a moment
text: while their Sergeant checks with the guards. Assured that
text: everything is under control, the Sergeant signals his driver
text: and the Jeep moves off.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: Scanning the side of the building, he sees what he's looking
text: for. Waiting until the Jeep disappears, he starts toward one
text: side of the building, keeping himself concealed in the
dialog: foliage.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOBBY
text: puzzled and interested, as he watches Klaatu.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: The two sentries standing in front of the building.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: as Klaatu maneuvers around the side of the building, where
text: there is a window. It has no glass in it but is heavily
dialog: barred.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: as he leaves the concealing foliage and crosses the clear,
text: grassy area surrounding the building. He stops and tries to
text: see through the window.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - GORT
text: shooting through the barred window into the building. The
text: huge robot looms large and eerie in the shadows cast by a
text: couple of naked work-lights. His head is angled, away from
dialog: the window.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: as Klaatu approaches the window. Aiming his flashlight at
text: Gort, he flashes the light intermittently, as though
dialog: signaling. (This should not approximate any known code.)
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - GORT
text: As we watch, the intermittent flashes of Klaatu's light appear
text: on the wall ahead of Gort. Slowly, evenly, the robot's head
text: turns to face the window.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: from Gort's viewpoint, of the window, with Klaatu's light
text: flashing its signals.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: shooting on his back, as he finishes signaling and cuts off
text: the flashlight. He turns ant starts back for the concealment
text: of the foliage.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOBBY
text: craning his neck to look for Klaatu, who has eluded his view.
text: Suddenly he sees Klaatu again.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - KLAATU
text: making his way behind the foliage toward the front of the
text: building. Arriving at a point opposite the entrance, Klaatu
text: waits and watches.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - ENTRANCE TO BUILDING
text: The two guards are standing in the doorway in positions of
text: relaxed alertness. Suddenly, inside the building behind them,
text: the giant figure of Gort looms silently in the doorway. His
text: two great arms reach out, grab the two guards and drag then
text: back inside the building.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOBBY
text: He lets out an inaudible gasp as he sees this. Bug-eyed, he
text: glances quickly to the point where he last saw Klaatu. He is
text: amazed at what he sees.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: from Bobby's viewpoint. Klaatu has emerged from the
text: concealment of the tree-lined path and is making his way
text: calmly toward the entrance of the building.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOBBY
text: As he watches Klaatu enter the building, his curiosity
text: conquers his fear and he starts tremblingly toward the
dialog: structure.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING - FULL SHOT
text: as Klaatu enters. The huge shapes of the space ship and Gort
text: loom large and eerie. Klaatu starts across the barren
text: enclosure toward the ship.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE TO BUILDING - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: as Bobby approaches the door, fearful but fascinated. He
text: peers cautiously inside and his eyes grow wide as saucers.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - MED. SHOT
text: In *f.g., near the door, the two guards lie unconscious. As
text: Klaatu walks toward the ship Gort slowly turns his head to
text: follow him with him with eyes. Klaatu touches a point on the
text: unbroken surface of the ship and the ramp silently swings
text: out and down to the ground. Klaatu mounts the ramp and
text: disappears inside the ship, whereupon the ramp silently
text: closes.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOBBY
text: as he watches this; his eyes bulging. He can scarcely believe
text: what he has seen. Suddenly a wave of sheer terror sweeps
text: over him. Scrambling to his feet, he turns and runs wildly
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL CORRIDOR - SPACE SHIP
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS Klaatu as he moves down the tiny, dimly lighted
text: entrance corridor. He steps into the main cabin of the ship
text: and flips a switch which bathes the cabin in a diffused,
text: shadowless light. The walls are lined with a complex of
text: mysterious gadgetry -- knobs, dials, indicators, etc. All of
dialog: this should be as imaginative and unorthodox as possible,
text: while still retaining a feeling of sound but highly advanced
dialog: engineering.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: as Klaatu moves to the communications panel, flipping switches
text: and turning dials. Indicators light up. There are crackling,
text: whirring and buzzing sounds. Klaatu starts speaking into a
text: built-in microphone in his own strange language. He speaks
dialog: in rapid-fire explanation, continuing to talk, as we--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING - MED. SHOT - NIGHT
text: as Klaatu walks calmly away from the ship, past the two
text: unconscious guards and disappears out of the door.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT THE TWO GUARDS
text: as one of them slowly regains consciousness. Looking around,
text: he sees the great figure of Gort and is terror-stricken. He
text: shakes his companion frantically in an effort to bring him
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM BOARDINGHOUSE NIGHT
text: Bobby is curled up in a chair waiting for his mother to come
text: home. He's sleepy, but the excitement of what he has seen
text: precluded any such possibility. From the hall we hear the
text: front door opening as Helen and Tom come in.
speaker_heading: HELEN'S VOICE
dialog: (off scene)
dialog: Why don't you come on in for a minute?
text: Helen and Tom appear in the doorway, Helen is startled to
text: see Bobby, who has Jumped up and run toward her.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Bobby--! What are you doing up at
dialog: this hour?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: I couldn't go to sleep, Mom. I had
dialog: to tell you!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Tell me what?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (the words tadpole
dialog: out breathlessly)
dialog: I followed Mr. Carpenter -- right
dialog: after you left -- and, gee, Mom,
dialog: where do you think he went? Right
dialog: into the space ship!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (patiently disbelieving)
dialog: Now, Bobby, just a minute--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Honest, Mom, I saw him. It just opened
dialog: up and he walked right in. And that
dialog: great big iron man was moving around!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Bobby, you've been dreaming again.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: No, I haven't, Mom. I promise you...
dialog: I saw it!
text: Helen and Tom exchange a glance of tolerant amusement.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Where did you see all this, Bobby?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: On the lawn down at the mall -- in
dialog: that place with the soldiers out
dialog: front.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (trying to trap him)
dialog: Where were the soldiers all this
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That robot fella grabbed 'em and
dialog: dragged 'em inside!
dialog: (his lips trembling)
dialog: I like Mr. Carpenter -- but I'm
dialog: scared, Mom.
text: He rushes into Helen's arms, clutching her desperately, trying
text: to hold back his tears.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (holding him close to
dialog: her sympathetically)
dialog: Mustn't be frightened, darling -- It
dialog: was just a bad dream. Here -- we'll
dialog: prove it to you.
dialog: (with a look and a
dialog: nod to Tom)
dialog: Tom, will you ask Mr. Carpenter if
dialog: he'll come down for a minute.
dialog: (Tom turns to go)
text: The room right opposite mine.
text: Nodding, Tom disappears into the hall and up the stairs.
text: Still holding Bobby, Helen tries to dispel his fears by an
dialog: appeal to logic.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Now think back hard. You didn't follow
dialog: Mr. Carpenter at all, did you? You
dialog: haven't even been out of the house.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yes, I have!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (determinedly)
dialog: You didn't really see the space ship.
dialog: You just thought you did.
text: Bitterly hurt, Bobby faces his mother gravely, accusingly.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I'd never call you a liar.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: Tom is knocking softly at Klaatu's door. Getting no answer,
text: he tries the door, pushes it open and peers in. Then he steps
text: into the darkened room.
scene_heading: INT. KLAATU'S ROOM - FULL SHOT
text: Tom snaps on the light and looks around the empty room. The
text: bed is still made. Glancing around, Tom's eye is caught by a
text: flash of something bright on the floor below the dresser. He
text: stoops down and picks up a fair-sized diamond. Tom studies
text: the stone curiously, holding it up to the light. Thoroughly
text: puzzled, he keeps the stone in his hand, switches off the
text: light and goes out.
scene_heading: UPSTAIRS HALL - MED. SHOT
text: Closing the door, Tom hurries along the hall and down the
dialog: stairs
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - FULL SHOT
text: Through the hall door Tom can be seen coming down the stairs.
text: Helen and Bobby watch expectantly as he enters.
speaker_heading: TOM
text: He's not there.
dialog: (crossing to Helen)
dialog: But look what I found in his room
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (takes the stone and
dialog: studies it, amazed
dialog: by its size)
dialog: Is it real?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (with the shrug of an
dialog: amateur)
dialog: Looks real to me.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Mr. Carpenter's got a lot of diamonds.
text: (he digs into his
dialog: pocket)
dialog: He gave me a couple of them.
text: Helen takes the two diamonds Bobby holds out in his hand,
text: looking at them in amazement.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: He gave these to you?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (guilty for his own
dialog: sharp dealing)
dialog: Well, not exactly. I gave him two
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: This doesn't make sense... I think
dialog: the guy's a crook. I never did trust
dialog: him.
text: Helen tries to shush Tom, not wanting to re-stimulate Bobby's
text: imagination, but it's too late.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Gee, Mom, do you think maybe he's a
dialog: diamond smuggler?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Come on, darling -- we're going up
dialog: to bed.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I wonder if we ought to--
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (cutting him off with
dialog: a look)
dialog: Bobby and I have had enough excitement
dialog: for tonight.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (seriously concerned)
dialog: You think it's all right for you to
dialog: stay here?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (nods reassuringly)
dialog: I've got a good lock on my door.
dialog: (smiling at Bobby)
dialog: And Bobby's going to sleep in my
dialog: room tonight.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Oh, boy -- can I, Mom?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yes, dear. Come on now.
dialog: (she happens to look
text: down at his feet.
text: Puzzled, and
text: concerned, she feels
dialog: his shoes)
dialog: Bobby, your shoes are soaking!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (reluctantly, with
dialog: childish guilt)
dialog: Yeah -- the grass was kind of wet.
text: As the impact of this sinks in, Helen and Tom turn to stare
text: at each other in questioning consternation.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DEPT. OF COMMERCE BLDG. - MED. CLOSE SHOT DAY
text: It is a typical government office, with lots of desks in it.
text: Helen is at her desk, straightening it up to go to lunch.
text: This done, she moves briskly to get her coat. CAMERA PANS to
text: follow her and suddenly, startlingly reveals Klaatu standing
text: near the clothes rack, as though he had materialized out of
text: thin air. Helen is thoroughly startled.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (unnerved)
dialog: Oh -- hello--
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: May I see you for a minute?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I -- I was Just going to lunch.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (quietly insistent)
dialog: May I walk out with you?
text: She is nervous and uneasy but obviously can't refuse. The
text: telephone on her desk rings and Helen turns to answer it.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (into phone)
text: Mrs. Benson speaking.
dialog: (recognizing the voice,
text: she glances nervously
dialog: at Klaatu)
dialog: Oh, hello...
scene_heading: INT. JEWELRY SHOP - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: It's a rather swank shop. Tom is standing at the counter
text: phoning. The Jeweler is behind the counter examining a stone
text: through his eyepiece.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (into phone, cheerily)
dialog: I'm at Bleeker's getting an appraisal
dialog: on that diamond. I thought we might
dialog: have lunch together.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DEPT. OF COMMERCE - MED. CLOSE SHOT
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: (with a nervous glance
dialog: at Klaatu)
dialog: I -- I'm afraid I can't -- not right
dialog: now. Can I talk to you later?. Yes,
dialog: that'll be fine. 'Bye.
text: She hangs up and smiles uneasily as she rejoins Klaatu and
text: leads the way out into the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - TWO SHOT
text: CAMERA MOVES with Helen and Klaatu as they go down the
text: corridor. Klaatu's mood is one of quiet tension.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (watching Helen's
dialog: reaction)
dialog: I saw Bobby this morning before he
dialog: went to school--
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: (glancing at him
dialog: apprehensively)
dialog: Yes--?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I want to know what he told you last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (nervous and evasive)
dialog: I -- I didn't really pay much
dialog: attention--
dialog: (with a nervous little
dialog: laugh)
dialog: Bobby has such an active imagination.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (refusing to be put
dialog: off)
dialog: Did you believe what he told you?
dialog: (Helen hesitates,
dialog: trapped by uncertainty)
dialog: I have a reason for asking this -- a
dialog: very important reason.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: They are approaching the elevator at the end of the corridor.
text: There is a large crowd of lunch-goers milling around the
text: elevator, which is quickly filled. Half the crowd is left as
text: the elevator doors close and it descends.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - HELEN AND KLAATU
text: Nervous and distracted, Helen doesn't want to get caught up
dialog: in this jam.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: There's another elevator we can use--
text: She nods toward a side corridor and starts for it, Klaatu
dialog: following.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS them as they turn into the side corridor.
text: Helen leads the way to a small, automatic elevator. She
text: presses the button and the doors open. Klaatu follows her
dialog: in.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: As Helen presses the first floor button, the doors close and
text: the elevator starts down. She turns to face Klaatu.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (her nerves raw and
dialog: edgy)
dialog: What is it you want?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Before I ask you to be honest with
dialog: me, perhaps I should be completely
dialog: honest with you--
text: Without warning the elevator comes to a jolting, jarring
text: stop as the power is cut off and the lights go out. The car
text: is illuminated faintly and eerily by light that seeps through
text: the ventilating grills from a skylight in the shaft. Helen
text: is terrified.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (gasping with fright)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (a moment's hesitation;
dialog: then he remembers)
dialog: What time is it?
text: Helen fumbles to get her wrist watch into a faint beam of
text: light.
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: Just twelve.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: We'll be stuck here for a little
text: while -- about thirty minutes.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (preoccupied with her
dialog: own thinking)
dialog: We could try pushing the other
dialog: buttons.
dialog: (digging in her purse)
text: I have a flashlight in my purse.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: It won't work.
text: Helen has the flashlight out and is snapping it on, but it
text: doesn't work. She looks up at him blankly.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (after a moment,
dialog: quietly)
dialog: You see -- the electricity's been
dialog: neutralized -- all over the world.
text: The impact of this calm, quiet statement is shattering. Helen
text: stares at him awe-struck. Then she speaks numbly, almost
text: inaudibly.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Bobby was telling the truth -- wasn't
dialog: he?
text: Klaatu stares at her evenly, as we--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - STREET
text: All vehicular traffic in the street is at a dead stop.
text: Automobiles, busses, trolley cars -- all are stalled. Drivers
text: and passengers are climbing out of the vehicles in utter
text: bewilderment. Except for the people, it is as though the
text: street had been frozen in motion.
scene_heading: INT. CITY POWER PLANT
text: The great generators and dynamos are silent and motionless
text: in the dim, unlighted plant.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY
text: A huge automobile or airplane assembly line, with nothing
text: moving, no machinery going.
scene_heading: INT. PRESSROOM - METROPOLITAN NEWSPAPER
text: The giant presses are threaded with newsprint, but they are
text: silent and motionless.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - RADIO STATION
text: A couple of engineers are working feverishly over a huge and
text: complicated control panel. They are working by the light of
text: two incongruous and ineffectual candles.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK SUBWAY KIOSK
text: People carne pouring up the stairs wildly, feverishly anxious
text: to escape the darkness below. Their eyes blink weakly in the
text: unaccustomed sunlight.
scene_heading: EXT. SHOT - NEW YORK STREET
text: Cars, taxis and busses are stalled, their frenzied drivers
text: unable to figure out what's happened. A junk peddler with a
text: broken-down horse and wagon moves grandly and leisurely
text: through the stalled vehicles. The peddler bears a happy grin
text: of superiority. This is his moment of triumph over modern
dialog: civilization.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - TIMES SQUARE
text: with all traffic stalled.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - TIMES SQUARE
text: of two cab drivers whose taxis have stalled beside each other
text: in traffic. One has gotten out of his cab. The other is seated
text: at his wheel, looking around in awe and terror, his tough
text: Manhattan heart shaken.
speaker_heading: CAB DRIVER
dialog: My ol' lady was right. We shoulda
dialog: got a place in the country.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - PICCADILLY CIRCUS - DAY
text: with all traffic stalled. (It is about 5:00 P.M.)
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - TWO COCKNEYS
text: standing on the sidewalk, awe-struck at the weird sight before
text: them. One of them speaks in terror, hardly daring to
text: articulate his thoughts.
speaker_heading: COCKNEY
dialog: It's that space man -- that's wot it
dialog: is.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - MOSCOW STREET - DUSK
text: with all traffic stalled. (It is about 8:00 P.M.)
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - TWO RUSSIANS
text: They are an elderly couple. Staring bug-eyed at the strange
text: street scene, the woman mutters some terror-stricken comment
dialog: in Russian.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - PLAZA. DE LA CONCORDE - DAY
text: with traffic stalled. (It is about 5:00 P.M.)
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - FRENCH WOMAN
text: She is middle-aged and there are tears of fright in her eyes.
text: She is mumbling a prayer in French.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARNHARDT'S STUDY - DAY
text: Barnhardt is seated comfortably at his desk with a book on
text: his lap. He has been interrupted by the entrance of Hilda,
text: his secretary. At the moment she`s beside herself with
text: excitement. Barnhardt watches her with a half-smile of secret
dialog: amusement. He has already deduced the cause of what's
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: HILDA
dialog: You should see it, Professor
dialog: Barnhardt! You should go out and see
dialog: it for yourself!
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: Thanks -- I'm enjoying it right here.
speaker_heading: HILDA
text: The whole city has stopped. People
dialog: are running around like ants!
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
text: (musing admiringly on
dialog: Klaatu's cleverness)
dialog: What a brilliant idea. I never would
dialog: have thought of it.
text: Hilda flings him a questioning look, annoyed that he won't
text: share her excitement.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: What about the people who are coming
dialog: to the meeting tonight? Have they
dialog: all arrived?
speaker_heading: HILDA
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I talked to most of them this
dialog: morning... They were all very curious
dialog: about the meeting.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: Good. Did you speak to our friend
dialog: Mr. Carpenter?
speaker_heading: HILDA
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: He'll be there at 8:30.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: (studying her for a
dialog: moment)
dialog: Tell me, Hilda -- does all this
dialog: frighten you -- does it make you
dialog: feel insecure?
speaker_heading: HILDA
dialog: Yes, sir -- it certainly does!
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
text: (nodding with a bland
dialog: little smile)
dialog: That's good, Hilda. I'm glad.
text: The poor woman flings him a look of shocked amazement as we--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - PENTAGON BLDG. - DAY
text: Seated at a conference table are high-ranking officers of
text: the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps. There is the
text: uneasy tension of people dealing with unknown forces. An
text: Army Major General, who's Chairman of the meeting, is
dialog: speaking.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: --as far as we can tell, all power's
dialog: been cut off everywhere -- with a
dialog: few exceptions: hospitals, planes in
dialog: flight -- that sort of thing. I wish
dialog: I could be more specific but, as you
dialog: now, all communications are out
dialog: telephone, radio, cable -- everything.
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: I can tell you that the President is
dialog: prepared to declare a state of
dialog: national emergency.
dialog: (pausing to let this
dialog: sink in)
dialog: Before we start discussing plans, I
dialog: want a report from Colonel Ryder.
dialog: What about the robot, Colonel?
text: Ryder is a Colonel of engineers, a man about forty-five.
speaker_heading: COLONEL RYDER
dialog: When it was discovered last night
dialog: that the robot had moved, I was
dialog: directed by the Joint Chiefs to find
dialog: a means of immobilizing him. We
dialog: accomplished that this morning by
text: encasing him in a block of KL 93.
text: (he hands a small
dialog: block of plastic to
dialog: the General)
dialog: It's a new plastic material --
text: stronger than steel.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Is it possible that he's broken out
dialog: of this stuff?
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: No, sir. I've Just checked on that.
text: He's locked up tight as a drum.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: All right -- that means we concentrate
dialog: on the man.
dialog: (to the group with
dialog: force and authority)
dialog: Up till now we've agreed on the
dialog: desirability of capturing this man
dialog: alive. We can no longer afford to be
dialog: so particular. We'll get him alive,
dialog: if possible -- but we must get him!
dialog: (eyes the group sternly)
dialog: Is that clear?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEWELRY SHOP - MED. CLOSE SHOT - TOM AND JEWELER
text: The shop and its glittering display cases, which were
text: brilliantly lighted in the previous scene, are now gloomy
text: and dim. All artificial light is off. The Jeweler is a bright-
text: eyed old man of seventy with a middle European accent. He is
text: completely fascinated as he examines the diamond Tom has
text: given him, and is annoyed by the lack of light. He speaks
text: impatiently to one of the girls in the shop who happens to
text: pass by.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: Eleanor, did you call the electrician?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (she's not too bright)
dialog: I tried, Mr. Bleeker. But the phone
dialog: doesn't work, either.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: (absently, as he
dialog: studies the stone)
dialog: Well, call the phone company.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (plaintively)
text: But the phone doesn't work.
text: The Jeweler gives her a preoccupied glance of annoyance and
text: turns back to the stone.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Is it worth anything?
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: I have never seen such a stone. Will
dialog: you please tell me where it came
dialog: from?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: That's what I wanted you to tell me.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: (overwhelmed and
text: absorbed by the stone,
text: he shakes his head,
dialog: bewildered)
dialog: There are no diamonds like this --
dialog: any place in the world.
text: Impressed by the import of what the man is saying, Tom's
text: mind is racing wildly.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You sure about that?
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: (eagerly, shrewdly)
dialog: Would you like to sell it?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (picking up the stone)
dialog: No -- no, thanks.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: I'd give you a very good price.
text: Preoccupied with his own excited thoughts, Tom has already
text: started for the door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - TWO SHOT - KLAATU AND HELEN
text: In the dim light of the stalled elevator, Klaatu is finishing
text: explaining to Helen the story of his mission. Overwhelmed by
text: the staggering import of what he has told her, Helen is
text: listening with great interest and concern.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (speaking gravely)
dialog: --I've already told you more than I
dialog: told Professor Barnhardt, because my
dialog: life, in a sense, is in your hands.
dialog: I thought if you knew the facts you'd
dialog: appreciate the importance of my not
text: being -- apprehended, -- before the
dialog: meeting tonight.
text: Helen is staring at him in awe, but also in complete
dialog: admiration and sympathy.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yes, of course. Of course I do.
text: Klaatu smiles at her warmly and she manages to return the
text: smile. Their relationship is further cemented by the sharing
dialog: of this vital secret.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (studying his face
dialog: anxiously)
dialog: You hold great hope for this meeting.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I can see no other hope for your
dialog: planet. If the meeting should fail,
dialog: then I'm afraid there is no hope.
text: Suddenly and without warning, the elevator starts moving and
text: the lights go on. Startled, Helen looks at him.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (calmly)
text: It must be twelve-thirty.
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: (looks at her watch,
text: then back at him,
dialog: awe-struck)
dialog: Yes -- Just exactly.
scene_heading: STREET - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Showing a section of street traffic as it comes back to life.
text: From everywhere comes the sound of self-starters. Trolley
text: bells start clanging. Then automobile horns. People climb
text: back into there vehicles and traffic starts to move.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF CUTS
text: of other streets, as the strident sounds of traffic build up
text: and normalcy is regained.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE BLDG - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: as Helen and Klaatu come out of the elevator and start across
text: the lobby, CAMERA HOLDING ON THEM. Helen is preoccupied with
text: concern for Klaatu's safety.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Where are you going now?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Back to the boardinghouse. I'll be
dialog: safe there for the afternoon -- and
dialog: I can keep an eye on Bobby. He's the
dialog: only other person who knows anything
dialog: about--
text: This recalls to Helen something she had forgotten and she
text: stops in sudden concern.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: No, wait a minute -- there's someone
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Tom... He was there last night when
dialog: Bobby told me what he saw.
text: The look of concern on Klaatu's face heightens Helen's
text: overwhelming fear and uncertainty.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (worriedly)
dialog: Of course, he doesn't know anything
dialog: definite. He'd talk to me first,
dialog: anyway, before--
dialog: (interrupting herself
dialog: in sudden decision)
dialog: We can't take that chance. I'll get
text: in touch with him right away and
dialog: make sure.
text: Helen turns and starts determinedly for the lobby door,
dialog: followed by Klaatu, as we--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. TELEPHONE BOOTH
text: Helen is nervous and worried as she speaks into the phone.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: --But I've got to talk to him. It's
dialog: terribly important. When is he coming
dialog: back?
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S OUTER OFFICE - CLOSE SHOT - SECRETARY
text: Tom's secretary has not yet recovered from the shock of what
dialog: has happened to the world.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I don't know, Mrs. Benson. He left
dialog: before noon -- before that awful
dialog: electric business. I'm scared to
dialog: death, Mrs. Benson. I -- No, he
dialog: wouldn't tell me where he was gong.
dialog: Said it was something personal.
scene_heading: INT. TELEPHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Tell him I want to see him the minute
dialog: he gets in... No, I'll call back.
text: Helen hangs up, thoroughly worried and distraught now.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INSERT - NEWSPAPER HEADLINE
scene_heading: The headline reads: WORLD-WIDE POWER JAMMED PRESIDENT DECLARES
text: EMERGENCY STEP UP HUNT FOR SPACE MAN.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: at passenger loading gate. A group of passengers is held
text: back as soldiers close the gate to the runway, preventing
text: their boarding their plane. The passengers mill about in
text: consternation as a voice is heard over a p.a. system.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Attention, please.... All flights
dialog: from National Airport have been
dialog: canceled until further notice.. All
dialog: flights from this airport have been
dialog: canceled.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. RAILROAD STATION - MED. SHOT AT TRAIN GATE - DAY
text: M.P.'s are blocking the gates leading to trains and ticket
text: takers are busy explaining matters and remonstrating with
dialog: irate ticket holders.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUS DEPOT - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Passengers are being herded off a loaded bus that was
text: preparing to leave the depot.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROADBLOCK ON HIGHWAY - MED. SHOT
text: The Army has thrown a roadblock across a main highway on the
text: outskirts of the city and is permitting no one to leave.
text: From the line of halted cars we see and the insistent honking
text: of horns we hear, we get the impression of hundreds of cars
text: stacked up.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S OUTER OFFICE - FULL SHOT - DUSK
text: It is 6:00 P.M. and growing dark outside, but the lights are
text: not on. The office is small and unpretentious, the business
text: habitat of a man who works in a big insurance agency. Tom's
text: secretary is on the phone, reflecting the world-wide terror
dialog: of the moment.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (into phone, nervous
dialog: and jittery)
dialog: --Honest, Mary, I'm so scared I can't
dialog: sit still. I'd like to run some place,
dialog: but I don't know where to go--
dialog: (hearing the door
text: open, she cuts off)
dialog: 'Bye now.
text: The corridor door opens and Tom enters with an air of urgency.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Call the Pentagon and find out who's
dialog: in charge of this space man business.
dialog: Whoever it is I want to talk to him.
text: The secretary has a reaction of surprise, but she manages to
text: stop Tom at his door. He has flipped on the lights in passing.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Mrs. Benson's been trying to get you
dialog: all afternoon. She says it's
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Get this other call first.
text: Tom disappears into his office, closing the door. The
text: secretary is getting out a telephone directory when the
text: corridor door opens and Helen enters, tense and nervous.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Oh, Mrs. Benson -- He just walked
dialog: in.
dialog: (misery loves company)
dialog: Are you nervous, too?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yes, I am, Margaret.
text: The secretary buzzes the intercom and speaks into it.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Mrs. Benson is here.
dialog: (turning to Helen)
dialog: Go on in.
text: Helen is starting for the door when it opens and Tom appears.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Tom -- I've been trying to get you
dialog: all afternoon--
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (preoccupied with his
dialog: own excitement)
dialog: Come on in.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S PRIVATE OFFICE - FULL SHOT
text: as Tom follows Helen inside and closes the door. He turns to
text: her, his voice tense with excitement.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I've got some terrific news about
dialog: your friend, Mr. Carpenter.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (trying to appear
dialog: calm)
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Helen, he's the man from the space
dialog: ship!
text: (she eyes him evenly,
text: apprehensively, as
dialog: he hurries on)
dialog: I had that diamond checked at three
dialog: different places. Nobody on earth's
dialog: ever seen a stone like that! After
dialog: what Bobby told us, that's enough
dialog: for me. Why is it nobody knows
dialog: anything about him? Why hasn't he
dialog: got any money?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (evenly, with quiet
dialog: tension)
dialog: All right, Tom -- it's true. I know
dialog: it's true.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Never mind about that.
dialog: (urgently, with great
dialog: concern)
dialog: You've got to promise me you won't
dialog: say a word to anybody.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Are you crazy? After what happened
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You don't understand. You don't
dialog: realize how important it is.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Important? Of course it's important.
dialog: The point is we can do something
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: That's what I'm trying to tell you.
dialog: We mustn't do anything about it.
dialog: Believe me, Tom, I know what I'm
dialog: talking about.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (irritated by her
dialog: opposition)
dialog: He's a menace to the whole world!
dialog: It's our duty to turn him in.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: But he isn't a menace! He told me
dialog: what he came here for.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (dismissing this with
dialog: annoyed contempt)
dialog: He told you... Don't be silly, honey --
dialog: just because you like the guy.
dialog: (busy with his own
dialog: thoughts)
dialog: You realize what this'd mean for us?
dialog: I'd be the biggest man in the country.
dialog: I could write my own ticket.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (eyeing him coldly)
dialog: Is that what you're thinking about?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (guiltily, defensive)
dialog: Why not? Somebody's got to get rid
dialog: of him.
text: They are interrupted by the sharp sound of the interoffice
dialog: buzzer.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I'm not going to let you do it, Tom.
dialog: (with deep personal
dialog: urgency)
dialog: Believe me, this is literally the
dialog: most important thing in the world.
text: Tom picks up the phone and answers it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes?... What's his name, Margaret?
dialog: General Cutler?
dialog: (disappointed that
dialog: the connection isn't
dialog: completed)
dialog: All right, I'll hold on.
text: Realizing what he's doing, Helen crosses to him, pleading
text: wildly, desperately.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Tom, you mustn't -- ! You don't know
dialog: what you're doing! It isn't just you
dialog: and Mr. Carpenter. The rest of the
dialog: world, is involved!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: I don't care about the rest of the
dialog: world!
text: It is as though he had slapped her across the face. Suddenly
text: he has revealed himself, naked and distasteful. Feeling guilty
text: as he sees the contempt and revulsion in her eyes, he tries
text: the old charm, holding his hand over the phone.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You'll feel different when you see
dialog: my picture in the papers.
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: (staring at him starkly)
dialog: I feel different right now.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (uneasily)
dialog: You wait and see. You're going to
dialog: marry a big hero!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I'm not going to marry anybody.
text: She turns and runs quickly out of the room. Tom's inclination
text: is to follow her, when his connection is completed.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello, General Cutler?
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: No, I don't want to speak to his
dialog: aide. I want to speak to the General.
dialog: Tell him it's about the space man...
dialog: My name is Tom Stevens. S-t-e-v-e-n-
dialog: s.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - MED. SHOT - DUSK
text: Helen hurries out of the building, hails a cab, gets into it
text: and the cab drives off.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S OFFICE - CLOSE SHOT - TOM
text: Tom now has General Cutler on the phone.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: That's right, General. That's where
dialog: he's staying... Yes, of course I'm
dialog: sure.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL CUTLER'S OFFICE - PENTAGON BLDG.
text: The General is on the phone and is making notes. There are a
text: couple of officers standing near his desk, a Colonel and a
dialog: Lieutenant Colonel.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CUTLER
dialog: (after listening for
dialog: a moment)
dialog: Thank you very much, Mr. Stevens.
dialog: I'll want to talk to you further but
dialog: I haven't time now.
text: (hangs up and turns
dialog: to Colonel)
dialog: Deploy all Zone 5 units according to
dialog: Plan B -- immediately.
text: The Colonel nods and starts out of the room, as we--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. TAXI - MED. CLOSE SHOT - HELEN - NIGHT
text: The cab is traveling through city traffic. Nervous and edgy,
text: Helen glances at her watch impatiently.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MED. SHOT
text: A jeep filled with armed soldiers is moving down the street
text: at a fast clip. Behind the jeep is an Army staff car.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE- SHOT - STAFF CAR
text: shooting from outside into the car. In the front seat beside
text: the driver is a full Colonel, wearing helmet and side-arms.
text: The car is moving swiftly through traffic as the Colonel
text: speaks into the transmitter of a radio.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - COMMAND AND RECONNAISSANCE CAR
text: It is filled with soldiers wearing helmets and carrying rifles
text: and Tommy guns. It is traveling quite fast. A soldier with a
text: handy-talkie transmits an order to the driver.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - STREET
text: The C. and R. car is seen to be at the head of a convoy of
text: eight Army vehicles which are moving swiftly down the street.
text: The trucks are filled with armed soldiers.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - ANOTHER STREET
text: On this street also an armed convoy is racing by, headed by
text: a Jeep mounting a .30 caliber machine gun.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - ANOTHER STREET
text: On this street also a convoy rolls by.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - MED. SHOT
text: Helen's cab rounds the corner into the boardinghouse street.
text: CAMERA PANS with cab as it draws up in front of the
text: boardinghouse. The cab waits as Helen jumps out and runs up
text: the steps to the front door. A couple of children are playing
text: jump-rope in the light of a street lamp.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVING - STAFF CAR - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: shooting in at the Colonel as he issues an order into the
dialog: radio.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - ARMY CONVOY
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS the rear of the convoy as it races down a
text: main thoroughfare. As the convoy reaches each intersection,
text: the last vehicle peels off the column and, turns into the
text: side street.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT ANOTHER CONVOY
text: racing down another street, the rear vehicles peeling off at
text: the intersections as in previous scene.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - INTERSECTION
text: Following one of the vehicles after it has peeled off into a
text: side street. It turns around in the side street and draws up
text: facing the intersection, its motor still running. We get the
text: impression of a methodical plan to block off each street.)
scene_heading: EXT. BOARDINGHOUSE - MED. SHOT
text: as Klaatu and Helen come hurrying down the steps and pile
text: into the waiting taxi. The kids playing Jump-rope stop and
text: watch as the door is closed and the cab pulls out,
text: disappearing as it makes a right turn at the end of the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER NEAR BOARDINGHOUSE - MED. SHOT
dialog: (This is opposite end of street from last shot.) Barreling
text: across the intersection into the boardinghouse street is the
text: jeep followed by the Colonel's staff car.
scene_heading: EXT. BOARDINGHOUSE STREET - MED. SHOT
text: As the Jeep and staff car pull up in front of the boarding
text: house, the soldiers in the jeep pile out and cover the
text: entrance to the house. Meanwhile the Colonel, still in the
text: staff car, is talking to the two kids playing out front.
text: They chatter excitedly, pointing in the direction taken by
dialog: the cab.
scene_heading: INT. STAFF CAB - CLOSE SHOT - COLONEL
text: He speaks into his radio in tones of clipped and quiet
text: efficiency. The car remains standing at the curb.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Attention, Zone 5... Yellow cab,
text: moving north on B from Ninth Street.
dialog: Man and woman in back seat. Get the
dialog: license number and report.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI - FULL SHOT
text: The cab 's moving through traffic at a normal speed. Klaatu
text: and Helen are tense and nervous.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI - FULL SHOT
text: The cab's moving through traffic at a normal speed. Klaatu
text: and Helen are tense and nervous.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I'm sure Barnhardt can arrange to
dialog: hide me until the meeting.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Where is the meeting going to be?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
text: At the ship.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CAB DRIVER
text: as he looks out to his left, approaching an intersection.
text: From driver's viewpoint. A C. and R. car is parked in the
text: side street, facing the intersection, its occupants armed
text: and helmeted.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CAB DRIVER
text: Abreast of the intersection now, he looks to his right.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET INTERSECTION - MED. SHOT
text: shooting over the rear of a jeep which is halted in a side
text: street facing the intersection. The cab crosses the
text: intersection and the jeep driver squints to catch its number.
text: Then he picks up his radio and speaks into the transmitter.
scene_heading: INT. STAFF CAR - CLOSE SHOT - COLONEL
text: (The car is still in front of the boardinghouse.) The Colonel
text: listens to his radio for a moment, then speaks into his
dialog: transmitter.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Attention, Zone 5... license number
dialog: of target vehicle is W 4936... All
dialog: vehicles maintain your positions --
dialog: and hold your fire.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: shooting at the driver, over the shoulders of Klaatu and
text: Helen, as he turns and points out the Army vehicles to them
text: with a shrug of bewilderment. They look ahead at the
text: intersection they are approaching.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELEN
text: looking ahead out of her side of the cab, at the intersection.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - INTERSECTION
text: from Helen's viewpoint. There is an Army vehicle waiting in
text: the side street.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: as he looks out of his side of the cab.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - INTERSECTION
text: In this side street, too, an Army vehicle is standing.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - HELEN AND KLAATU
text: Their eyes meet for a moment, neither willing to conjecture
dialog: what this might mean. The very quietness of the operation is
text: ominous and menacing. Their faces show grave concern.
scene_heading: INT. STAFF CAR - CLOSE SHOT - COLONEL
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Attention, Zone 5 -- report when
dialog: target vehicle passes your position.
scene_heading: EXT. TAXI MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: shooting through the window at Helen and Klaatu, who are
text: growing more tense and nervous.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - INTERSECTION
text: shooting over the back of a jeep mounting a machine gun as
text: the cab passes the intersection. The driver picks up his
text: radio and reports into it.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - WEAPONS CARRIER
text: shooting through the windshield as the driver reports by
text: radio, his eyes shifting to follow the moving cab.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI - TWO SHOT - HELEN AND KLAATU
text: Helen is biting her lips nervously. She steals a sidelong
text: glance at Klaatu to find him staring ahead, deeply preoccupied
dialog: and concerned.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (trying to give him
dialog: encouragement)
text: It's only a few blocks to Barnhardt's.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I'm worried about Gort. I'm afraid
dialog: of what he might do -- if anything
dialog: should happen to me.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Gort?
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: But he's a robot. I mean -- without
dialog: you, what could he do?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: There's no limit to what he could
dialog: do. He could destroy the Earth.
dialog: (with great urgency)
dialog: If anything should happen to me, you
dialog: must go to Gort. You must give him
dialog: this message: "Klaatu barada nikto."
dialog: Please repeat that.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (shocked and
text: bewildered, she
dialog: repeats nervously)
dialog: "Klaatu barada nikto."
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: Remember those words.
text: Helen nods, repeating the words soundlessly.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF CUTS
text: of vehicle drivers reporting by radio as their eyes follow
dialog: the progress of the taxi. (These should be shot so we don't
dialog: hear what is said.)
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - COLONEL IN STAFF CAR
text: listening to these reports. Then he speaks into his
text: transmitter with quiet tension.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Attention, Zone 5... Section number
dialog: 2 -- block off Tenth Street at
dialog: Massachusetts. All vehicles close
dialog: in.
text: The Colonel motions to his driver and the staff car pulls
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MED. SHOT
text: as a convoy of eight vehicles moves down the street going
text: very fast and swings around a corner.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF CUTS
text: of individual vehicles that have been waiting at
text: intersections, as they pull out and down the main streets to
text: converge on the taxi.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: at a major intersection, as the convoy of eight vehicles
text: previously seen dashes through the intersection and stops.
text: The cars quickly arrange themselves so that they form a
text: roadblock, completely sealing off the street.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI
text: shooting over the driver's shoulder. The cab is proceeding
text: down the street. When the road block comes into range of its
text: headlights. The driver, who has been getting uneasy, turns
text: to face his fares accusingly.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Hey, what's this all about?
text: As he slows his cab down, Helen leans forward into scene.
text: Frenzied, she is about to urge the driver on when Klaatu
text: puts a restraining hand on her shoulder.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MED. SHOT
text: shooting down the street from the barricade, as the taxi
text: stops. Army cars are closing in behind the taxi, so it is
text: trapped. The cab door ovens and Klaatu steps out, making a
text: run for the entrance to a pedestrian underpass.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - JEEP
text: It is one of the lead vehicles in the group coming up behind
text: the taxi. It mounts a .30 caliber machine gun and, with the
text: Jeep still moving, the gunner fires a burst at Klaatu.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - RIFLEMAN
text: He's on one of the vehicles that form the barricade. He takes
text: a bead on the running figure of Klaatu and fires.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: He has almost reached the underpass. His hand is on the
text: railing when he slumps to the ground, badly hit. In a moment,
text: Helen rushes into scene, dropping down to hold Klaatu's head
text: in her arms. He looks up at her with a feeble smile. Then
text: his face takes on an expression of urgency.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (weakly, insistently)
dialog: Get that message to Gort. Right away--
text: Klaatu is unable to say any more. He is dead. Helen looks
text: around wildly, helplessly, with tears and terror in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: as the soldiers pile out of their vehicles and close in on
text: the place where Klaatu lies. He is their first and all-
text: important concern, and Helen finds herself pushed out of the
text: way, toward the edge of the growing crowd of soldiers.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Shocked and, staggered by what's happened, she realizes she
text: must get to Gort. Taking advantage of the milling confusion
text: in the dark, she edges toward the pedestrian underpass until
text: she can slip into its entrance without being noticed. And
text: she disappears.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING ENCLOSING SPACE SHIP - MED. SHOT - GORT -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: In the eerie light of the huge building, the great robot
text: stands encased in a solid block of clear, transparent plastic.
text: As CAMERA MOVES IN slowly, we hear a low whirring sound, as
text: of power being generated. A faint glow, visible through the
text: plastic, emanates from Gort's body. His eyes, which seem to
text: express rage, shifts as though he were straining to break
text: out. As the whirring sound and the glow of Gort's body
text: increase in intensity, the sharp edges at the top of the ice-
text: like block melt into roundness and the plastic starts to
text: drip away. (About 150 folding chairs are arranged on the
dialog: floor near the space ship for the meeting tonight.)
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - MED. CLOSE SHOT - TWO SOLDIERS
text: The whirring sound can be heard faintly from inside. The two
text: soldiers standing guard at the door hear the sound and listen
text: apprehensively. The two men exchange an uneasy glance. After
text: hesitating a moment, one of them decides to investigate. He
text: turns and goes inside the door.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING - MED. CLOSE SHOT - THE SOLDIER
text: As he stops and looks up at the robot, his eyes go wide with
dialog: terror.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GORT
text: Gort is an awesome and terrifying sight. His head is free
text: now and he seems to be straining against the plastic, which
text: is dripping down the sides of the block.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SOLDIER
text: He glances around nervously to see that his companion has
text: entered the building and is staring up at the robot, bug-
text: eyed. Slowly the second soldier moves up beside the first.
text: Wordlessly, they bring their rifles up to the ready and click
text: them off safety. In spite of their terror, they advance slowly
text: toward the robot.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GORT
text: The whirring sound is ominous and his body glows brightly.
text: And his eyes are fixed on the two advancing figures.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - TWO SOLDIERS
text: as they move toward Gort.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GORT
text: From inside him comes a new and terribly sharp crackling.
text: sound. And from his eyes two pencils of light dart out. After
text: a moment the crackling sound stops and the light goes off.
speaker_heading: REVERSE SHOT
text: from same angle as scene before last. But the two soldiers
dialog: have utterly disappeared.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: as Gort resumes breaking out of the plastic. There is no
text: sign of the two soldiers.
scene_heading: EXT. MALL - MED. CLOSE SHOT - HELEN - NIGHT
text: Hurrying along a footpath, nervous and distraught, she pauses
text: for a moment, looking at the entrance of the building. Then
text: she starts determinedly across the grass toward the entrance.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: PANNING with Helen as she approaches the entrance fearfully.
text: Rallying all her courage and determination, she forces herself
dialog: to step inside.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING - MED. CLOSE SHOT - HELEN
text: as she enters the huge, weirdly lighted building. She stops
text: short as her glance falls on the awesome figure of Gort.
text: Loneliness and terror grip her and she wants to run -- but
text: she realizes she can't.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT -GORT
text: He has seen Helen and his flashing eyes bore into her. His
text: upper body and arms are free now, and the plastic is rapidly
text: melting away.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELEN
text: She is held fascinated by the robot's staring eyes. For
text: another moment it looks as if she would, break and run. But
text: she summons all her courage, and moves slowly toward Gort,
text: whose legs are still held captive.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELEN AND GORT
text: as she moves slowly, fearfully toward him.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - GORT
text: The plastic is dripping off his legs now. With great effort,
text: he pulls his legs free and steps out of the stuff. A huge
text: figure in the heavy shadows, he moves slowly and menacingly
text: toward Helen.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - HELEN
text: as she stops advancing, rooted to the spot in fear. Then she
text: starts backing away, keeping her eyes on him.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELEN AND GORT
text: As the great, hulking figure approaches, Helen can't stand
text: her ground. She turns and runs wildly toward the far end of
text: the building. Gort follows her with unhurried, inescapable
text: strides. Unwittingly, Helen has run into a corner, and the
text: robot is closing in on her.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - HELEN
text: Her eyes go wide with terror as she realizes she's trapped.
text: In a wild effort to run around him, she stumbles and falls
text: to the floor. Immobilized with fright, she lies breathless,
text: looking up at him. Then she gives a piercing scream.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - HELEN AND GORT
text: as the great robot bends over her menacingly, arms
text: outstretched as though to grab or smash her.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELEN
text: All hope gone, she is blessed with a moment of lucidity, and
text: she remembers the message Klaatu told her to deliver.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Gort--!
dialog: (with desperate clarity)
dialog: Klaatu -- barada -- nikto.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GORT
text: He pauses as he hears the words. His face doesn't change
text: expression, but the words obviously have an effect on him.
text: He hesitates thoughtfully for a moment.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - HELEN AND GORT
text: Helen watches him in an agony of suspense. Then the robot
text: slowly bends down, picks her up in his arms and starts walking
text: toward the space ship.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: PANNING with Gort as he carries Helen, speechless with fright,
text: to the side of the ship. He touches the side, and the ramp
text: moves slightly out. He mounts the ramp, still carrying Helen,
text: and disappears into the ship with her. And the ramp closes
text: silently behind them.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL CORRIDOR - SPACE SHIP
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS as Gort carries Helen through the dimly lighted
text: corridor into the main cabin, where he flips a switch that
text: lights up the cabin. The robot proceeds to a small door
text: leading off the main cabin and disappears with Helen inside
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL CABIN - FULL SHOT
text: This is revealed as a weirdly equipped laboratory, the walls
text: of which are lined with the most complex array of mechanical
text: and electronic apparatus. Gort sets Helen down on a stool
text: and indicates for her to stay there. Too terrified to move,
text: Helen watches as he busies himself with the apparatus. He
text: starts flipping switches and turning dials. As a result,
text: lights begin to flash and there's a strange series of
text: mechanical noises.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELEN
text: Unable to guess the reason for these preparations, she is
text: gripped with a terrible fear.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: Ignoring Helen completely, Gort finishes his work. Then he
text: moves to the door and goes out, closing the door behind him.
text: Helen rushes to the door and searches frantically for the
text: knob -- only to find, to her terror, that there is none.
text: Frenziedly she beats on the solid metal door.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE SHIP - MED. SHOT
text: as the ramp comes down and Gort steps out. With grim,
text: determined strides he starts toward the entrance of the
text: building as the ramp silently closes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT STATION - NIGHT
text: The Colonel who was in charge of Klaatu's apprehension is
text: speaking into a phone at the desk of the Police Sergeant.
text: Standing by are three or four Army officers, among them a
dialog: Captain and a Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes, sir, we've got the body here
text: now. Downstairs in a cell... No
dialog: question about it, General -- he's
dialog: dead all right... Yes, sir. Yes -- I
dialog: understand.
text: The General has apparently hung up and the Colonel does
text: likewise, turning to the officers in the room.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: General Cutler's coming down here
dialog: right away.
dialog: (to the Lieutenant)
dialog: Take a squad of men, Lieutenant, and
text: post a guard around that cell.
dialog: (to Captain)
dialog: Captain, don't let anyone in or out
text: of the building.
text: The two officers mutter their "yes, sirs" and start off about
dialog: their business.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAIL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: A squad of armed soldiers, led by the lieutenant, is admitted
text: to the corridor by a Police guard and they start marching
text: down the corridor toward a cell at the far end.
scene_heading: INT. CELL - POLICE STATION
text: This is a cell on the ground floor. In the far wall is a
text: heavily barred window, beyond which is as alley. In f.g. are
text: Klaatu's feet, stretched out on a crude table. As CAMERA
text: HOLDS, the huge figure of Gort appears outside the barred
text: window, Seeing Klaatu, he reaches up and yanks out the steel
text: bars as though they were chicken wire. With a crushing blow
text: of his knee he crumbles the brick and mortar below the window
text: and steps inside the cell. He moves without interruption
text: toward the body of Klaatu.
scene_heading: INT. JAIL CORRIDOR
text: Hearing the sounds of clattering metal and mortar, the
text: soldiers race down the corridor toward the cell.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: shooting over the backs of the soldiers as they reach the
text: cell and look inside. There they see the giant robot picking
text: up the body of Klaatu and starting deliberately toward the
text: gaping hole in the side of the building. They raise their
text: weapons and fire at Gort, but the bullets have no effect on
text: him. Continuing uninterruptedly, he steps over the debris
text: and disappears, carrying Klaatu in his arms.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SPACE SHIP BUILDING - MED. SHOT
text: as Gort enters the empty building, still carrying the body
text: of Klaatu. CAMERA PANS with him as he strides over to the
text: ship. The ramp opens and Gort goes inside. Then the ramp
text: closes after him.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY CABIN IN SPACE SHIP
text: Alone in the cabin, Helen is still terrified. She looks up,
text: startled as the door opens and Gort enters, carrying Klaatu's
text: body over to a long counter. Once again he starts fiddling
text: with knobs, switches and dials. As Helen watches, speechless,
text: he starts to fasten strange-looking electrodes to Klaatu's
text: wrist and ankle.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE PRECINCT STATION - NIGHT
text: shooting from the outside, near the front entrance to the
text: building, through a window into the main room where the Police
text: Sergeant's desk is. The Lieutenant who was ordered to guard
text: Klaatu's cell is excitedly reporting to the Colonel how Gort
text: broke in and took Klaatu's body. Considerably agitated, the
text: Colonel snaps orders to the other officers, glances at his
text: watch and motions for the Lieutenant to follow him. He and
text: the Lieutenant cross to the door and CAMERA PANS with them
text: as they come outside the building, hurry down the steps and
text: get into a staff car. Several other Army vehicles join the
text: staff car as it roars away from the curb.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SPACE SHIP BUILDING - MED. SHOT - NIGHT
text: A good many of the 150 chairs are filled, and more guests
text: are still arriving. There is no one to greet them at the
text: door, so they wander in and seat themselves.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY IN SPACE SHIP
text: Gort is still working over the body of Klaatu. From a socket
text: in the wall he pulls a strange-looking hypodermic needle on
text: the end of a cord or tube and gives Klaatu a shot in the
dialog: arm.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELEN
text: as she watches, fascinated in spite of her terror.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: Gort fiddles with the dials again and there are electrical
text: cracklings and sputterings. Suddenly he flips a switch and
text: all sound ceases. Gort removes the electrodes and watches
text: Klaatu. CAMERA MOVES IN on Klaatu and we see him start to
text: breathe. In a moment his eyelids flutter. Then his eyes open
text: and he looks around.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: as Klaatu slowly lifts himself to a sitting position. Helen
text: watches breathlessly as he glances around the room, as though
text: to orient himself. Then he lowers his feet to the floor and
text: stands up. He blinks uncertainly, then smiles at them.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
text: (with a grateful glance
text: at Gort, he turns to
dialog: Helen)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (staring at him)
dialog: I -- I thought you were--
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (nodding, with a smile)
dialog: I was.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (looking at Gort in
dialog: awe)
dialog: You mean he has the power of life
dialog: and death?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: No -- that is a power reserved to
dialog: the Almighty Spirit.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (indicating the
dialog: equipment Gort used)
dialog: This technique, in certain cases,
dialog: can re-stimulate life for a limited
dialog: period. It's a refinement of
dialog: scientific principles known to your
dialog: own people.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (concerned for him)
dialog: But how -- how long--?
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: How long will I live?
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: That no one can say.
text: Klaatu moves one of the sliding panels and reaches for a
text: suit of his "other world" clothing from behind the panel.
text: With a nod of apology, he steps behind the panel to change.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - MED. SHOT - NIGHT
text: shooting from the door. In f.g. Barnhardt, who has just
text: arrived, is greeting several friends outside the door. In
text: b.g. a staff car and three or four other Army vehicles are
text: driving up.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - ARMY VEHICLES
text: As the convoy pulls up to a halt in front of the building,
text: the Colonel hurries out of the staff car and moves over to
text: Barnhardt. Barnhardt is motioning his friends into the
text: building as the Colonel comes up to him.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - COLONEL AND BARNHARDT
text: The Colonel speaks to Barnhardt with deference but with
text: unyielding authority.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: I'm sorry, Professor Barnhardt -- I
dialog: have to ask you to call off this
dialog: meeting.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: Call it off? I... But I had permission
dialog: from the Army--
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: I know you did. But the robots on
dialog: the loose now and it isn't safe around
dialog: here. You'll have to get your friends
text: out of that building.
scene_heading: INT. SPACE SHIP - TWO SHOT - KLAATU AND HELEN
text: as Klaatu steps out from behind the sliding panel where he
text: has changed into his "other world" tunic.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Gort and I will be leaving soon.
text: Helen is genuinely upset at the thought of his leaving and
text: the knowledge that he is to die. There is a compelling warmth
dialog: of feeling between these two.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (simply, sincerely)
dialog: We'll miss you very much -- Bobby
dialog: and I.
dialog: (smiling to conceal
dialog: her real feelings)
dialog: He won't have anyone to play with.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: He'll have you -- and Tom.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (quietly -- definitely)
dialog: No. That's all finished.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (she is sensible and
dialog: objective, but not
dialog: unfeeling)
dialog: I think I'm very lucky. You don't
dialog: always get a chance to recognize a
dialog: mistake before you make it.
text: Klaatu looks at her in warm, considered admiration. Then he
text: moves to one side of the cabin and flips a switch. Suddenly
text: an entire section of the side wall is made transparent.
text: Through it, as through a screen, we can see out into the
text: building. Most of the chairs are already occupied, and
text: latecomers are still moving in through the door. Facing the
text: group, on a little dais, is Barnhardt. As Klaatu and Helen
text: watch, Barnhardt raps for order and begins to speak. His
text: voice comes in the ship through a speaker.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen--
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING - MED. CLOSE SHOT - BARNHARDT
text: He addresses them gravely, with a note of terrible
text: disappointment in his voice.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: I called you from your work and from
dialog: your homes all over the world because
dialog: we were to meet here tonight with a
dialog: man from another planet -- the man
dialog: who came here in this ship.
dialog: (there are audible
text: exclamations of
dialog: surprise and
dialog: disappointment)
dialog: As you all know, this is no longer
dialog: possible. I can only say that I share
dialog: the bitterness of your disappointment.
text: INTERCUT with the above are group and individual shots of
text: the people in the meeting. They are the cream of Earth's
dialog: intellectuals -- scientists, churchmen, educators, leaders
dialog: of social and political thought. There are several women
text: among them. There are turbaned Indians, Chinese, Japanese,
dialog: several Negroes. All religions are represented. Every
dialog: important world power is represented.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - SPACE SHIP
text: Klaatu and Helen are watching and listening, as the last
text: sentence of Barnhardt's speech above comes over the speaker.
text: Klaatu flips off the switch, which cuts off the view of the
text: meeting and also Barnhardt's voice. At this moment Gort moves
text: across the cabin and Klaatu speaks to him.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Gort -- berengo.
text: Gort moves off obediently.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING - MED. CLOSE SHOT - BARNHARDT
text: Full of chagrin, he continues addressing the meeting.
speaker_heading: BARNHARDT
dialog: --under the circumstances, the Army
dialog: people have asked us to leave the
dialog: building. And, since their concern
dialog: is for our safety, I can do nothing
dialog: but suggest that we comply--
text: Barnhardt is interrupted by the sudden and unexpected
text: appearance of the ramp, silently opening out of the side of
dialog: the space ship.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - BARNHARDT'S AUDIENCE
text: as they react in startled amazement to the mysterious
text: appearance of the ramp. Then, as they watch, there is a sudden
text: gasp of terror.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - AT SHIP
text: as Gort appears on the ramp and walks slowly down to the
text: ground. In a moment, Klaatu and Helen appear at the entrance
text: of the ship. Helen comes down the ramp to join Barnhardt,
text: while Klaatu remains at the head of the ramp.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT COLONEL AND SOLDIERS
text: The Colonel stands near the door, flanked by a group of
text: soldiers, their rifles at the ready. The Colonel is startled
text: by what he sees. His eyes are on the revered figure of Klaatu
text: and he's debating what he should do.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: He is a figure of intense dignity in his impressive otherworld
text: tunic. He stares with even defiance at the armed soldiers,
text: as though holding them off by sheer weight of his personality.
text: He turns to look out at the audience, which is held
text: spellbound. Then, after a breathless moment, he speaks.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: (straightforwardly,
dialog: with almost stern
dialog: authority)
dialog: I am leaving soon and you will forgive
dialog: me if I speak bluntly.
text: (he pauses, studying
dialog: the faces)
dialog: The Universe grows smaller every day --
dialog: and the threat of aggression by any
dialog: group -- anywhere -- can no longer
dialog: be tolerated.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - IN AUDIENCE
text: of three of the delegates, listening intently. (These three
dialog: are from Russia, India and France.)
speaker_heading: KLAATU'S VOICE
dialog: (over scene)
dialog: There must be security for all -- or
dialog: no one is secure... This does not
dialog: mean giving up any freedom except
dialog: the freedom to act irresponsibly.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - A DELEGATE
dialog: He is an American.
speaker_heading: KLAATU'S VOICE
dialog: (over scene)
dialog: Your ancestors knew this when they
dialog: made laws to govern themselves --
dialog: and hired policemen to enforce them.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: We of the other planets have long
dialog: accepted this principle. We have an
dialog: organization for the mutual protection
dialog: of all planets -- and for the complete
dialog: elimination of aggression. A sort of
dialog: United Nations on the Planetary
dialog: level... The test of any such higher
dialog: authority, of course, is the police
dialog: force that supports it. For our
dialog: policemen, we created a race of robots--
dialog: (indicating Gort)
dialog: Their function is to patrol the
dialog: planets -- in space ships like this
dialog: one -- and preserve the peace. In
dialog: matters of aggression we have given
dialog: them absolute power over us.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - GORT
text: emphasizing his great size and inscrutable expression. The
text: normal blinking of his piercing eyes as he gazes imperturbably
text: at the audience is his only movement.
speaker_heading: KLAATU'S VOICE
dialog: (over scene)
text: At the first sign of violence they
dialog: act automatically against the
dialog: aggressor. And the penalty for
dialog: provoking their action is too terrible
dialog: to risk.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: The result is that we live in peace,
dialog: without arms or armies, secure in
dialog: the knowledge that we are free from
dialog: aggression and war -- free to pursue
dialog: more profitable enterprises.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: We do not pretend to have achieved
dialog: perfection -- but we do have a system --
dialog: and it works.
dialog: (with straightforward
dialog: candor)
dialog: I came here to give you the facts.
dialog: It is no concern of ours how you run
dialog: your own planet -- but if you threaten
dialog: to extend your violence, this Earth
dialog: of yours will be reduced to a burned-
text: out cinder.
scene_heading: QUICK REACTION CUTS
text: of four delegates, reflecting their stark terror and
text: bewilderment. And a cut of the Colonel and the soldiers,
text: impressed and held by what Klaatu is saying.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY as he concludes quietly, incisively.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Your choice is simple. Join us and
dialog: live in peace. Or pursue your present
dialog: course -- and face obliteration.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: We will be waiting for your answer.
dialog: decision rests with you.
text: By the time he reads the last line, the CAMERA HAS MOVED
text: INTO a BIG HEAD CLOSEUP.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - THE DELEGATES
text: CAMERA MOVES along a row of their faces, stunned and silent,
text: their minds unable to cope with the enormity of what they
dialog: have heard.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: CAMERA MOVES IN on Klaatu as he is saying goodbye to Barnhardt
text: and Helen. He turns then and speaks to Gort, glancing up at
text: the building as he does so.
speaker_heading: KLAATU
dialog: Gort -- veracto.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GORT
text: He looks up at the roof of the building, and once again we
text: hear the peculiar generating sound from within him.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT
text: including the delegates, the space ship, everything that is
text: inside the building. As we watch, the roof and walls of the
text: temporary structure suddenly disintegrate as the tanks did
text: in the opening. The entire layout -- delegates, space ship
dialog: and all -- remain exactly as they were except that instead
text: of being under a roof they are out in the open Mall under a
text: starry sky. The area is ringed with the debris of the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT AT SHIP
text: Klaatu is standing at the head of the ramp as Gort comes up
text: the ramp and disappears inside the ship. Klaatu is nodding
text: goodbye to Barnhardt and Helen.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARNHARDT AND HELEN
text: as they wave to Klaatu. Barnhardt is moved and impressed,
text: and Helen's face shows her emotions at this strange parting.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KLAATU
text: He nods and smiles at them with warm affection. Then he turns
text: and disappears into the ship, and the ramp closes behind
dialog: him.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - THE SPACE SHIP
text: From inside the ship comes the muffled roar of great power
text: generating -- not the sound of earthly motors, but of a
text: tremendous dynamo.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - THE DELEGATES
text: watching breathless, stunned by what they have heard and
dialog: seen.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - THE SHIP
text: As the sound from inside it builds to a climax, the great
text: ship takes off with a tremendous roar.
scene_heading: REACTION CUTS OF DELEGATES
text: All are deeply moved and impressed. In the mind of each is
text: the burning question that Klaatu has posed for them.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE SHIP
text: as it soars away into the inky blackness of the outer spaces
dialog: from which it came.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
