dialog: ‘
dialog: nel RUMAN:....
dialog: A Screen Play
dialog: by
dialog: Andrew M. Niccol
dialog: a
dialog: ne
dialog: Tye
scene_heading: FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT
speaker_heading: A FOGGED MIRROR
text: Behind the fog we hear the sounds of a bathroom. After a
text: long moment, a hand wipes the condensation from the glass to
text: reveal the face of TRUMAN BURBANK. He wears a sleeveless
text: Hanes undershirt and blue-stripe pajama bottoms, behind him a
text: white glazed tiled bathroom wall. It is immediately apparent
text: that we are viewing him through a two-way mirror.
text: Truman, expressionless, studies his reflection in the mirror.
text: Fora long moment, he does nothing. He continues to look
text: impassively into the mirror for what becomes an uncomfortably
text: long time. Still nothing. Finally he speaks, talking to
text: himself in the mirror as if participating in a TV interview.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: +-+-personally I think the unconquered
dialog: south face is the only one worth
dialog: scaling...of course it’s a 20,000 foot
dialog: sheer wall of ice but then when did that
dialog: ever stop me before?...Naturally, I
dialog: intend to make the ascent without the
dialog: benefit of oxygen but also without
dialog: crampons or even an ice pick...risks?...
dialog: (smug, TV smile)
dialog: +.-Sure I’m aware of the risks--why else
dialog: do you think I would spend seven years as
dialog: an adjuster in a life insurance
dialog: company. ..?
speaker_heading: MERYL (0.S.)
dialog: Truman, you're gonna be late!
text: Truman resignedly opens the door of the cabinet and replaces
text: his shaving tackle. It partially obscures the lens of the
text: hidden camera. He closes the door and exits.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. MORNING.
text: MERYL, wearing a stylish robe, sits at the kitchen table
text: sipping coffee. On the table in front of her lies a parcel.
text: TRUMAN enters and glances at the gift.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: What‘s that?
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: It’s a surprise.
text: TRUMAN unwraps the parcel - an expensive-looking set. of
text: exercise sweats.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 2
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (eager for his response)
dialog: Well, what do you think?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: They're...
dialog: (the merest hesitation)
dialog: perfect. Thank you.
text: Truman returns Meryl’s kiss.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (handing him the sweat top)
dialog: Try it on.
text: Truman pulls the top over his head. As he does so, a closer
text: shot focuses on the manufacturer’s name.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: I thought you could wear them when you do
dialog: your exercises.
dialog: (afterthought)
text: Pre-shrunk. And they breathe.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUMAN'S HOUSE. DAY.
text: Wearing a business suit, briefcase in hand, TRUMAN emerges
text: from his pleasant, Victorian-inspired, picket-fenced house
text: into an idyllic suburban street of similarly picturesque
text: homes. A neighbor, SPENCER, is taking in trashcans,
text: whistling a tune. Spencer breaks off abruptly as Truman
text: approaches his car. His license plate reads, “Seahaven - A
dialog: Nice Place To Live".
speaker_heading: SPENCER
dialog: Morning, Truman.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Morning, Spencer. And in case I don't
dialog: see you, good afternoon, good evening
dialog: and good night.
text: Spencer’s dog, PLUTO, bounds happily over to Truman.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (petting the dog)
dialog: Hey, Pluto.
text: Truman exchanges a polite nod with the WASHINGTON’s, an
text: African-American family across the street. MR. WASHINGTON
text: is farewelled by his WIFE and CHILD.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 3A
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 3
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 3
text: Truman is about to climb into his car when he is distracted
text: by a high-pitched whistling sound. Suddenly, a large
text: spherical glass object falls from the sky and lands with a
text: deafening crash on the street, several yards from his car.
text: The startled Truman looks to Spencer but he has abruptly
text: disappeared inside his house with Pluto. Mrs. Washington and
dialog: Washington Junior have also made themselves scarce.
text: Truman investigates. Amidst a sea of shattered glass are the
text: remains of a light mechanism.
text: He looks around him but the street is deserted. He checks
text: that all the surrounding street lights are accounted for,
text: even though the fallen fixture is far larger. He looks up
text: into the sky but there is no plane in sight. With some
text: effort, Truman picks up what's left of the crumpled light and
text: loads it into the trunk. A label on the light fixture reads,
text: "SIRIUS (9 Canis Major)". As he drives away, we hear the
text: sound of his car radio.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: Another glorious morning in Seahaven,
dialog: folks.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. TRUMAN'S CAR - SEAHAVEN. DAY. 3A
text: TRUMAN makes his way along the streets of Seahaven past a
text: series of quaint, pastel-shaded cottages.
scene_heading: EXT. SEAHAVEN ISLAND TOWNSHIP. DAY. 4
text: A high-angle reveals an anonymous mid-sized town built around
text: a small, pretty bay. A cluster of high-rise buildings stand
text: at the water’s edge overlooking a marina. Surrounding the
text: commercial center lie neatly arranged suburbs.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEANSIDE STREET. DAY. 5
text: Pausing at a traffic light along a seaside road, TRUMAN looks
text: through a curious wooden arch to the beach and ocean beyond.
text: The sight triggers a memory in his head.
scene_heading: PLAYBACK - EXT. LONG, WIDE BEACH. DAY. 6
text: Unlike a conventional flashback, the scene in his memory
text: appears to be playing on a television screen.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: “THE TRUMAN SHOW"
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: FOUR-YEAR-OLD TRUMAN runs towards a bluff on the beach.
text: The boy's father, KIRK, late-~thirties, beer bottle in hand,
text: flirts with TWO TEENAGE GIRLS at the shoreline. Suddenly,
text: the father remembers his son. He looks anxiously around.
text: The sight of the boy at the far end of the beach causes him
text: to drop his bottle in the sand and run to Truman.
text: The boy is near the top of the cliff before his agitated
text: father comes within earshot.
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: {out of breath, clutching his side)
dialog: Truman! Truman! Stop!
text: Truman turns from his perch and waves happily down to his
text: father. But the smile quickly vanishes when he registers the
text: anger and distress on his father’s face.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Come down now!
text: His father's unnatural anxiety makes the next bay even more
text: tantalizing. The boy considers defying his father. He puts
text: his hand on the rock above him to stretch up and sneak a peek
dialog: at the other side. One good stretch would do it.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (reading Truman’s mind, enraged)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Why? What’s there?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (unconvincing)
dialog: Nothing. It’s...it's dangerous.
dialog: (trace of desperation)
dialog: Come down, now! Please!
text: Truman is suddenly aware that the hundreds of other
text: BEACHGOERS have stopped their activities te stare at him.
text: Reluctantly, he starts to retrace his steps down the rocks.
text: When he finally jumps to the sand, his father embraces him
text: and leads him away.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I told you to stay close. Don’t ever
dialog: ieave my sight again.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You’ve got to know your limitations. You
dialog: could’ve fallen.
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 5
scene_heading: INT. TRUMAN'S CAR - DOWNTOWN SEAHAVEN. MORNING - PRESENT,
text: Through his car window, TRUMAN buys a cup of coffee froma
text: streetside VENDOR.
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: How are ya, Truman?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (placing his fingers to his pulse)
dialog: Vital signs are good.
text: He pulls into a parking space and sips on the coffee. As he
text: .drinks, he becomes aware of a school bell summoning children
text: to class in the adjacent Elementary School. The image
text: prompts another childhood memory.
scene_heading: PLAYBACK - INT. SEAHAVEN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - CLASSROOM. DAY.
text: Once again, the flashback appears to be Playing ona
dialog: television screen. :
text: SEVEN-YEAR-OLD TRUMAN sits in the middle row of an Elementary
text: School classroom surrounded by twenty-or-so other weil-
text: scrubbed, uniformed YOUNGSTERS. MARLON, the boy next to
text: Truman, is on his feet under the scrutiny of a kindly Norman
text: Rockwell-style SCHOOL MISTRESS.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL MISTRESS
dialog: What do you want to do when you grow up,
dialog: Marlon?
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: I want to be an entrepreneur like my dad.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL MISTRESS
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Tell the class what an "entrepreneur"
dialog: does, Marlon.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: He makes a lot of money, Ma'am.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL MISTRESS
dialog: A good one does, Marlon.
dialog: (looking in her purse,
dialog: hamming it up)
dialog: Perhaps I'll be coming to you for a loan
dialog: one of these days.
text: The CLASS titters. Marlon sits down and winks to Truman.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8
dialog: 10
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 6
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 8
speaker_heading: SCHOOL MISTRESS
dialog: What about you, Truman?
text: Truman rises to his feet, gathering his nerve.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I want to be an explorer
dialog: {with reverence)
dialog: ..like Magellan.
text: The School Mistress smiles benevolently.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL MISTRESS
dialog: (slightly condescending)
dialog: I‘m afraid no one’s going to pay you to
dialog: do that, Truman. You might have to find
dialog: something a little more practical.
text: (glancing to a pulldown wall
dialog: map behind her head)
dialog: Besides, you're too late. There’s really
dialog: nothing left to explore.
text: The class roars with laughter as the crestfallen Truman takes
dialog: his seat.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT. DAY - PRESENT. 3
text: TRUMAN, briefcase in hand, crosses from the parking lot to
text: the town square, surrounded by similarly suited, briefcase-
text: toting OFFICE WORKERS.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN SEAHAVEN. DAY. 10
text: TRUMAN walks briskly down the bustling city street. A snarl
text: of taxis, buses and COMMUTER traffic. A STREET VENDOR
text: thrusts a pretzel under Truman‘s nose, a CAREER WOMAN tries
text: to catch his eye.
text: Truman stops at a kiosk and buys a newspaper - "THE ISLAND TIMES".
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: Is that all for you, Truman?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: That's all, Thanks, Errol.
text: Other CUSTOMERS also purchase the morning paper. Tucking his
text: copy under his arm, Truman selects a glossy magazine from a
text: rack, quickly flicking through the pages.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 7
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 10
text: Glancing in the direction of the NEWSPAPER VENDOR and finding
text: him busy with another CUSTOMER, Truman deftly tears a portion
text: of the open page and pockets the cutting. He hastily
text: replaces the magazine and departs.
text: As Truman hurries away, the Vendor exits the kiosk and picks
text: up the magazine, instantly turning to the torn page. It isa
text: cosmetics advertisement with the MODEL'S NOSE missing.
text: However, the Vendor makes no effort to confront Truman,
text: almost as if he were expecting it.
scene_heading: EXT. SEAHAVEN LIFE AND ACCIDENT, INC. DAY. 11
text: Truman passes along a row of shops and offices, finally
text: entering a building that proudly proclaims, “Seahaven Life &
text: Accident Inc.” above the entrance. He has evidently taken
dialog: his teacher's advice.
scene_heading: INT. INSURANCE COMPANY - SEAHAVEN LIFE AND ACCIDENT, INC. DAY. 12
text: in a cramped, cluttered cubicle, TRUMAN talks on the telephone.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (into receiver)
dialog: ..-okay, okay, let’s call it what it
dialog: is... I’m not going to lie to you...life
dialog: insurance is death insurance...you’ve
dialog: just got to ask yourself two questions...
dialog: one, in the event of your death, will
dialog: anyone experience financial loss?...and
dialog: two, do you care?
text: A CLERK drops a large reference book on Truman’s desk.
text: Truman checks the spine - “MARITIME ACCIDENTS”.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (into receiver)
dialog: Hold on will you?
dialog: (to Clerk, referring to the book)
dialog: This is no good. Lumps all maritime
dialog: accidents together. I need drownings as
dialog: a separate category.
text: The Clerk shrugs, returns the book to his cart and continues
dialog: his rounds.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (returning to his call)
dialog: ++-just think about what I’ve been saying
dialog: and let me...hello?...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 8
speaker_heading: 12 CONTINUED: 12
text: The person on the other end has hung up. With an apathetic
text: shrug, Truman replaces the receiver. He looks over his
text: shoulder and places another call.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {lowering his voice)
dialog: Can you connect me with directory
dialog: inquiries in Fiji?
text: A CO-WORKER suddenly pokes his head over the neigboring cubicle.
speaker_heading: CO-WORKER
dialog: What do you know, Truman?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (embarrassed, mouthing the word)
dialog: --Can’t talk.
text: (waving off his neighbor, pretending
dialog: to be on a business call)
dialog: I'm sorry, Ma’am. If he’s in a coma,
dialog: he’s probably uninsurable.
text: The Co-Worker disappears back into his own cubicle.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {lowering his voice again)
dialog: Hello, operator...yes, Fiji...Do you have
dialog: a listing for a Lauren Garland...?
dialog: {pause)
dialog: ..-nothing listed?...what about a Sylvia
dialog: Garland...“S” for Sylvia...nothing?
dialog: Okay, thanks...
text: The disconsolate Truman replaces the receiver. Other
text: INSURANCE AGENTS are heading to lunch. Truman puts on his
text: jacket and follows them to the elevators.
scene_heading: 13 INT. LOCAL ITALIAN DELI. LUNCHTIME. 13
text: Behind a deli counter, TYRONE, fifties, is having his hair
text: brushed by a YOUNGER MAN. The man fusses one final time then
text: swiftly departs through a rear door just as TRUMAN enters
text: the store. Tyrone has anticipated Truman’s order and has
text: already begun preparing a meatball and mozzarella sandwich on
text: an Italian roll. Truman gazes at the sandwich skillfully
text: under construction, pained by his own predictability.
speaker_heading: TYRONE
dialog: (nauseatingly cheerful)
dialog: How’s it going, Truman? .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 9
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 13
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: Not bad. I just won the State Lottery.
speaker_heading: TYRONE
dialog: (not listening to Truman’s reply)
dialog: Good. Good.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Tyrone, what if I said I didn’t want
dialog: meatball today?
speaker_heading: TYRONE
text: (not missing a beat, passing
dialog: Truman his wrapped sandwich)
dialog: I'd ask for identification.
text: Truman forces a half-smile and exits.
speaker_heading: TYRONE
dialog: See you tomorrow, Truman.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: You can count on it.
scene_heading: EXT. SECLUDED PARK. DAY. 14
text: TRUMAN eats lunch alone at a small, out-of-the-way park
text: dominated by a gazebo. From his briefcase he pulls out an
dialog: old, hardcoverea book, "To The Ends Of The Earth - The Age Of
text: Exploration”. He reads to himself, his sandwich uneaten
text: beside him. Struck by a particular passage, he reads aloud.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
text: “with a mutiny but half-repressed and
dialog: starvation imminent, he pressed southward
dialog: till he found the long-hoped-for
dialog: straits...”
text: Truman is interrupted by a TRANSIENT in a wheelchair. It is
text: the man’s sneakers Truman notices first, over the top of his
text: book - they are distinctively initialed, “T.s.”. still under
text: the spell of the account of Magellan, he hands the grateful
dialog: man his sandwich.
scene_heading: INT. A CONFERENCE ROOM SOMEWHERE. DAY. 15
text: A group of a dozen MEN and WOMEN of varying ages sit around a
text: circular conference table in a sterile, windowless meeting room.
text: All stare at a single telephone placed in the center of the
text: table, anticipating a call. On cue, the phone rings and one of
text: the men, after waiting for the second ring, picks up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: is
dialog: 16
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 10
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 15
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hello?...I'm sorry, I've got more than
dialog: enough life insurance.
text: He hangs up. After a moment the phone rings again.
scene_heading: INT. INSURANCE COMPANY. DAY. 16
text: TRUMAN sits at his desk, making a cold call.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (into receiver)
dialog: ..-this isn’t about insurance, this is
dialog: about the great variable - when will
dialog: Geath occur? Could be a week, a month, a
dialog: year. Could happen today...A sunbather,
text: minding his own business, gets stabbed in
text: the heart by the tip of a runaway beach
dialog: umbrella... No way you can guard against
dialog: that kind of thing, no way at all...
text: The prospect on the other end, unimpressed with Truman's
text: pitch, hangs up. Truman's supervisor, LAWRENCE, younger than
text: Truman by several years, sharper suit, sharper haircut,
text: appears around the corner of the cubicle.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (handing Truman some
dialog: documentation)
dialog: Hey, Burbank, I’ve got a prospect in
dialog: Welles Park I need you to close.
text: Truman’s face falls. He stares out of his third floor window
text: at the hazy skyline of a nearby island across the bay.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (referring to the island)
dialog: Welles Park on Harbor Island?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: You know another one?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I can’t do it.
dialog: (searching for a plausible
dialog: excuse)
dialog: --I’ve got an appointment--er, dentist.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: “
dialog: ao,
speaker_heading: = UM
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: 16A
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: . "THE TRUMAN SHOW" a2
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 16
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (insistent)
dialog: You'll lose a lot more than your teeth if
dialog: you don't meet your quota, Burbank.
text: (the threat in his voice is
dialog: unmistakable)
dialog: They’re making cutbacks at the end of the
dialog: month. You need this.
text: (as he exits the cubicle)
text: Besides, a half hour across the bay. Sea
dialog: air. Do you good.
text: Truman sinks back into his seat and stares out at the distant
text: skyline. The buildings appear very still. Truman Ricks up a
text: photo of his wife, Meryl, deposits it in his briefcase and
dialog: exits.
scene_heading: EXT. SEAHAVEN. DAY. 16A
text: Truman's car heads out of the city on its way to the ferry.
scene_heading: INT. SEAHAVEN FERRY TERMINAL. DAY. i7
text: TRUMAN exits his car. Mustering all his nerve, he marches
text: into the Seahaven terminal and buys a token for the ferry.
text: Out of his hearing, TWO FERRY WORKERS observe Truman’s
dialog: agitated behavior.
speaker_heading: FERRY WORKER 1
dialog: I got a feeling this is the day.
speaker_heading: FERRY WORKER 2
dialog: No way. I say he makes it through the
text: turnstiles but he never gets on.
text: The two men shake on the wager. Unaware of the scrutiny,
text: Truman passes through the turnstiles with a herd of TOURISTS
text: and COMMUTERS. He makes his way across the terminal, but
text: abruptly pulls up at the gangway.
text: As the other PASSENGERS impatiently brush past him onto the
text: boat, Truman remains frozen to the spot, mesmerized by the
text: scummy water rising and falling beneath the dock. It
text: triggers a memory in his head.
scene_heading: PLAYBACK - EXT. SEAHAVEN HARBOR. DUSK. 18
text: As always, the flashback appears to play on a television
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 12
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 18
text: SEVEN-YEAR-OLD TRUMAN, wearing a lifejacket, sits alongside
text: his father, KIRK, in a small sailing dinghy, sailing into a
text: stiff breeze.
text: A second sail boat circles them. We observe the father and
text: son from an angle atop the mast of the neighboring vessel.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (shouting above the wind)
dialog: Let’s go further, daddy! Let’s go
dialog: further!
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: (shouting back)
dialog: It’s getting rough, Truman.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (entreating his father)
dialog: Please!...
text: Kirk shakes his head ruefully and indulges his son by heading
text: towards the gathering storm clouds on the horizon.
scene_heading: INT. SEAHAVEN FERRY TERMINAL. DAY - PRESENT. 19
text: Truman turns and begins to fight his way back against the tide of
text: PASSENGERS boarding the ferry, emerging back onto the street,
text: gasping for air. The FERRY WORKERS settle their wager.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADWAY ADJACENT TO THE FERRY TERMINAL. DAY. 20
text: TRUMAN stands at a payphone. By stretching the payphone’s
text: receiver cord as far as it will go, he is just able to reach
text: his arm and leg into the driver’s door of his car. He
text: punctuates his conversation with blasts on the car’s horn
text: while revving the car’s engine with his outstretched foot.
text: The few passing MOTORISTS and PEDESTRIANS regard Truman
dialog: curiously.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (shouting into phone)
dialog: --I tell you the traffic’s insane.
text: (blasting his horn several
dialog: times to imitate the sound of
dialog: gridlock)
dialog: ..I‘11 never make the ferry in time.
dialog: What can I do?--what?. +.Lawrence, I can’t
dialog: hear you!
text: Truman hangs up the phone.
dialog: wr 4 8 rf eet ge e
dialog: _~
dialog: 2i
dialog: 22
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 13
scene_heading: INT. TRUMAN'S CAR. DAY. 21
text: On his way home, a large "DETOUR" sign forces him onto a
dialog: secondary road,
scene_heading: INT. TRUMAN’S CAR - PARKLAND, SEAHAVEN. DAY. 22
text: TRUMAN drives along a winding road through parkland. He
text: pulls up at a red light - no other traffic around. His
text: attention is caught by an attractive YOUNG WOMAN, sitting on
text: a park bench not far from the intersection. She is being
text: taunted by TWO YOUNG THUGS. She attempts to ignore the
text: youths by concentrating on the book on her lap.
speaker_heading: YOUTH 1
dialog: (to woman)
dialog: You wanna read to me?
text: His companion smirks.
speaker_heading: YOUTH 1
dialog: (more insistent)
dialog: You wanna read to me?
text: The boy reaches over and snatches the novel from her grasp.
speaker_heading: YOUTH 2
dialog: {menacing)
dialog: My friend asked you a question.
text: The woman picks up her bag in a reflex and holds it to her.
text: She looks about for assistance, briefly catching Truman's eye.
text: The youths also look in Truman's direction, staring him down.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (reaching for the book)
dialog: Please...
text: The boy returns the book to the woman, but before doing so
text: rips out the last page from the novel and stuffs it in his
text: shirt pocket.
speaker_heading: YOUTH 2
dialog: Now you‘re gonna have to ask me how
dialog: it ends.
text: _ One of the youths grabs the woman, dragging her toward the
text: surrounding woods.
speaker_heading: YOUTH 1
dialog: We're gonna tell you how it ends, baby.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: ¢
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" a4
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Help! Please help!
text: As_ they drag her towards the undergrowth, Truman, horrified,
text: half gets out of the car - fearful of his own safety as much
text: as the woman's. Truman shouts to the youths, his voice
text: cracking with fear.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Hey! Let her go!
text: A huge truck suddenly appears behind Truman's car, its horn
text: blasting, the DRIVER hurling abuse. Truman hesitates as the
text: youths drag the woman into the bushes, conflicted over
text: whether or not to help. The truck driver keeps his hand on
text: the horn. Truman retreats back into his- car and reluctantly
text: drives on.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKLAND - WOODS. DAY.
text: Truman's car safely out of sight, the YOUTHS promptly release
text: the YOUNG WOMAN. She calmly brushes herself off, no longer
text: afraid. The young men, no longer angry, retrieve her bag.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Thanks.
text: The threesome walks back towards the roadway as if life-long
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: {pondering the incident)
dialog: He did nothing.
speaker_heading: YOUTH 1
dialog: (shrugs, suddenly more couth)
dialog: Physical violence paralyzes him. Always has.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUMAN’S HOUSE. DUSK.
text: Beyond the pretty picket fence at the end of the property
text: flows a busy highway.
text: TRUMAN is mowing the lawn. From his expression it would seem
text: that he’s still reflecting on his inaction in the park. He
text: switches off the mower and leans on the handle.
text: He is distracted by the arrival of his wife, MERYL, exiting
text: the house. She wears a nurse's uniform and carries a curious
text: metal device attached to a cardboard backing. She kisses
text: Truman affectionately on the cheek.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
text: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" as
speaker_heading: 24 CONTINUED : 24
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Hi, honey. Look at this.
dialog: (proudly referring to the device)
text: It’s a "Chef's-Mate". Dicer, slicer and
dialog: Peeler in one. Never needs sharpening.
dialog: Dishwasher safe.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Gee, that's great.
text: Looking over Truman’s shoulder, Meryl notices a small, uncut
text: patch of grass missed by Truman in one of his passes,
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (referring to the uncut grass)
dialog: You missed a section.
text: Meryl enters the house. Truman restarts the lawnmower and
text: obediently pushes it towards the offending patch of lawn. As
text: the mower brushes up against the unconforming blades of
text: grass, Truman pulls back abruptly. He checks the kitchen
text: window for Meryl and wheels the mower away, leaving the patch
dialog: uncut.
scene_heading: 25 INT. TRUMAN’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. NIGHT. 25
text: MERYL is removing the cap of her nurse’s uniform when TRUMAN
text: enters.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: How did it go today?
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
text: A man tripped and fell on a chainsaw.
dialog: (shrug)
text: We got three of his fingers back on.
text: Truman retrieves a bucket of golf balls and a golf club from
text: behind the door.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (disappointed at the sight of
dialog: the golf equipment)
dialog: I was hoping we could have a special
dialog: evening.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I won't be late.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 16
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (sensing something odd in his
dialog: demeanor)
dialog: Did something happen today?
text: Truman turns to her too sharply, his guilt showing.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: What could happen?
text: Truman exits.
scene_heading: EXT. UNFINISHED BRIDGE. NIGHT. 26
text: A half-constructed bridge, paved but unmarked, ends abruptly
text: in mid-air - reinforcing steel protruding from the concrete.
text: TRUMAN stands at the end of the unfinished bridge with
text: MARLON, thirties, a well-filled physique. Marlon drinks beer
text: from a can while Truman addresses a teed-up golf ball with a
text: number three wood. The headlights of their two parked cars
text: light the cement "fairway". Their target is a sign at the
text: far end of the bridge proclaiming, "THE SEAHAVEN CAUSEWAY -
dialog: Linking Seahaven Island With The Rest Of The World - Your Tax
text: Dollars At Work" - an upturned plastic cone at the foot of
text: the sign is the "hole".
text: Truman winds up and swings, making healthy contact with the
text: ball. The ball arches away into the night sky. From a new
text: angle we see the ball take a huge hop on the outside lane of
text: the abandoned freeway and continue down the asphalt beyond
dialog: the sign.
text: Marlon tosses Truman another off-white ball from a bucket of
text: badly scarred golf balls. Truman sets the ball up on the
text: makeshift tee area and launches himself into his second shot.
text: With a slight fade, the second ball carries even further than
dialog: the first.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Whose nuts were those?
text: Truman hands Marlon their sole golf club without comment.
text: Marlon tees up a ball of his own. He uses orange golf balls.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I’m thinking of getting out, Marlon.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: {mild interest only}
dialog: Yeah? Outta what?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 17
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 26
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Outta my job, outta Seahaven, off this
dialog: island...out!
text: Marlon takes a practice swing.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Outta your job? What the hell's wrong
dialog: with your job? You gotta great job. You
dialog: gotta desk job. I'd kill for a desk job.
text: Marlon addresses the ball and swings - a sweeping hook shot
text: that bounces off the freeway and into the water hazard.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (annoyed by the errant tee shot)
dialog: Sonofabitch.
dialog: (still looking in the
dialog: direction of his ball)
dialog: Try stocking vending machines for a
dialog: living. My biggest decision of the day
dialog: is whether the Almond Joys look better
text: next to the Snickers or the Baby Ruths.
text: Truman selects another “M” ball from the bucket and tosses it
dialog: to Marlon.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {adamant )
dialog: Haven't you ever gotten itchy feet?
text: Overcompensating with his second shot, Marlon slices the ball in
text: the other direction. A lucky bounce keeps it on the "green".
text: The ball rolls in the direction of the upturned cone.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (skeptical, picking up his beer)
dialog: Where is there to go?
text: Truman gulps his beer as he prepares his answer.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (unable to disguise his
dialog: reverence)
dialog: Fiji.
text: Marlon considers Truman's suggestion as he sips his beer.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Fiji? Where the hell is Fiji exactly?
dialog: Near Florida? You can't drive there,
dialog: can you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 18
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 26
text: Truman picks up a golf ball to demonstrate. He points to a
text: dimple on his make-shift globe.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: See here, this is us.
text: (sliding his finger around
dialog: the other side of the ball)
dialog: All the way round here, Fiji. You can’t
dialog: get any further away before you start
text: coming back.
dialog: (tossing the world in his
dialog: hand, warming to his subject)
dialog: Y'know, there are still islands in Fiji
dialog: where no human being has ever set foot.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (still dubious)
dialog: So when are you leaving?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: It’s not that simple. Takes money,
dialog: Planning. You can’t just up and go.
dialog: (heading off Marlon's skepticism)
dialog: Oh, I'm going to do it, don’t worry about
dialog: that. I‘ve just got to move slow. Pick
dialog: my moment. Bonus time’s just around the
dialog: corner. Soon as I finish the...
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Nursery?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Spare room -- I can start thinking about
dialog: selling up...and I'll be gone. Up and
dialog: away on that big steel bird.
dialog: (as if to convince himself)
dialog: I’m going, don’t you worry about that.
text: Marlon nods even though the concept of taking flight is
text: beyond his imagination.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: I never knew anybody who wanted to leave
dialog: Seahaven.
text: An awkward moment. Truman, once again, not so sure of himself.
scene_heading: INT. A DIMLY-LIT ROOM SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 27
text: A MAN looks up sharply. He stares into camera. CHRISTOF, late
text: fifties - a vitality in his eyes that belies his years. A news
text: anchor-style earpiece disappears down the neck of his suit.
dialog: 28
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 19
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE. NIGHT. 28
text: TRUMAN and MARLON wander along the empty bridge, retrieving
dialog: the golf balls.
text: Marion goes to say something to the disconsolate Truman, but
text: is momentarily distracted. He raises his hand to his ear.
text: Truman places another of the balls in the bucket.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Truman, you know, I did think about
text: moving away one time.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {interest piqued)
dialog: Yeah, what happened?
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: I figured, what’s the point? I knew I’d
dialog: just be taking my problems with me. Once
dialog: the kids came along, it made me look at
text: Seahaven with new eyes.
text: (gazing out at the lights of
dialog: Seahaven)
dialog: I realized, what the hell could be better
dialog: than this?
text: (putting a hand on Truman’s
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: I'm telling you. What you really need is
text: someone to carry on the “Burbank” name.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: You think so?
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Trust me.
text: Marlon picks up the last ball at the mouth of the upturned
text: cone. The ball is white.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (checking the ball)
dialog: You win.
text: They approach Truman’s car. Truman opens the trunk to
text: deposit their humble golfing equipment. Inside are the
text: remains of the fallen light fixture.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (referring to the light)
dialog: You really think it could’ve dropped off
dialog: an airliner?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 20
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 28
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (unimpressed)
dialog: Sure. It’s halogen. Shame it didn’t hit
dialog: you - you could’ve sued,
dialog: (quickly changing the subject)
dialog: You coming for a drink?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I can’t tonight.
scene_heading: INT. LIGHTHOUSE. NIGHT. 29
text: From the POV of the lighthouse’s lantern room, we observe
text: TRUMAN sitting on the beach staring out to sea.
text: Closer on Truman. He has a portable tape recorder slung over
text: his shoulder and points a corded microphone at the surf. We
text: watch Truman‘s impassive face as he makes the recording of
text: the lapping waves. The lamp from the lighthouse occasionally
text: falls upon Truman.
scene_heading: PLAYBACK - EXT. OCEAN. DAY. 30
text: As always, the flashback appears to play on a television screen.
text: The sky is black with storm clouds. Gale force winds lash
text: rain into the faces of SEVEN-YEAR-OLD TRUMAN and his father,
text: KIRK. As Kirk stands up to get his bearings, a freak gust of
text: wind catches the sail. The boom whips across the stern and
text: strikes Kirk flush in the head, knocking him overboard.
text: Truman, wearing the sole lifejacket, desperately reaches for
text: his father. He momentarily has hold of his father's hand
text: when Kirk is abruptly dragged beneath the surface.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (crying out)
dialog: Daddy!!...Daddy!!...
text: His cries go unanswered. Seven-year-old Truman finds himself
text: alone - the storm abruptly passed, the wind suddenly dropped,
text: the water stilled.
text: The frightened Truman examines the ring he holds in his open
text: hand - his father’s ring - wrenched from his finger in
text: Truman's fight to keep him afloat.
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW™ 21
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH. NIGHT - PRESENT. 31
text: A close up of TRUMAN from KIRK’S RING that Truman now wears.
text: Then, from the lighthouse POV, we observe Truman get to his
text: feet and walk towards the dark water. He stands at the
text: water’s edge.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (shouting at the surf)
dialog: I'm sorry, Dad! I’m sorry!
text: As if in reply, a tongue of lightning flashes across the
text: distant skyline, followed by a growl of thunder.
scene_heading: INT. A LIVING ROOM SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 32
text: TwO OLD WOMEN, seventies, sit beside each other on a sofa
text: looking directly into camera as they talk.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN 1
dialog: (playing amateur psychiatrist)
dialog: It left him with more than his obvious
dialog: fear of the water.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN 2
dialog: He was never the same curious little
dialog: boy again.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN 1
dialog: Half the women I know named their
text: children after him.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH PARKING LOT. NIGHT. 33
text: TRUMAN is forced to leg it through a sudden rain shower to
dialog: his car.
text: From Truman’s point-of-view, the shower appears quite normal.
text: However, viewed from a distance, we see that the shower is
text: extremely localized, encircling only him, as if a small cloud
text: is directly above his head, tracking his progress.
text: As Truman crosses the parking lot, the shower crosses with
text: him. Sensing something amiss, Truman dances back and forth
text: across the street, intrigued by the curious phenomenon. He
text: hums a few bars of “Singin’ In The Rain”.
text: The rain becomes heavier, covering a wider area. Truman runs
text: the remaining distance to his car.
dialog: 34
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 22
scene_heading: INT. TRUMAN'S HOUSE - NURSERY. NIGHT. 34
text: The drenched TRUMAN enters to find MERYL in the unfinished
text: nursery, comparing wallpaper samples. Meryl wears a robe, a
text: glimpse of black negligee beneath.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Where have you been?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (wringing out his jacket)
dialog: I’ve been thinking--
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (rolling her eyes)
dialog: Oh, God.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (ignoring the reaction)
dialog: --I figure we could scrape together
dialog: eight thousand.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Every time you and Marlon--
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: --We could bum around the world for a
dialog: year on that.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: And then what, Truman? We’d be back to .
dialog: where we were five years ago. You’re
text: talking like a teenager.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Maybe I feel like a teenager.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: We're mortgaged to the eyeballs, Truman.
dialog: There's the car payments. Are we just
dialog: going to walk away from our financial
dialog: obligations?
text: Truman, still dripping on the floor, holds Meryl by the arms.
text: He talks excitedly to her the way we imagine he did when they
dialog: were courting.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: It'd be an adventure.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 23
speaker_heading: 34 CONTINUED: 34
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: I thought we were going to try for a
dialog: baby. Isn't that enough of an adventure?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: That can wait. I want to get away. See
text: some of the world. Explore.
text: Meryl gives a derisive laugh.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: You want to be an explorer? You don’t
dialog: even have a passport, Truman. I bet you
dialog: don’t even know how to get one,
text: The words sting. Truman turns away. Seeing the pain she’s
text: caused, she changes tack.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: This’1l pass. Everybody thinks like this
dialog: now and then.
dialog: (making an attempt at seduction)
dialog: Come to bed.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I think I’m going to stay up for a while.
scene_heading: 35 INT. AN OFFICE BUILDING SOMEWHERE - RECEPTION. NIGHT. 35
text: In the reception area of an office building, TWO UNIFORMED
text: GUARDS Grink coffee.
speaker_heading: GUARD 1
dialog: How can they have a child?
speaker_heading: GUARD 2
dialog: It’s not gonna be his, you idiot.
speaker_heading: GUARD 1
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: GUARD 2
dialog: You think she’d go through with it?
speaker_heading: GUARD i
dialog: Sure she would.
speaker_heading: GUARD 2
dialog: {reassessing his own opinion)
dialog: Guess I always thought they'd adopt.
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 24
scene_heading: EXT. TRUMAN’S STREET. DAWN. 36
text: There is something peculiar about the way the sun rises over
text: Seahaven Island - the light appears in an arc that's slightly
text: too perfect and well-defined.
scene_heading: INT. TRUMAN’S BEDROOM. MORNING. 37
text: In front of his bedroom window, TRUMAN, wearing his new
text: sweats, performs an exercise routine of his own invention.
text: He counts off the exercises to himself - cheating as he does
text: so. He counts five leg-lifts for every two he completes.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: --Five...
dialog: (two leg-lifts later)
dialog: Ten...fifteen...two more makes twenty.
scene_heading: INT. A BEDROOM SOMEWHERE. MORNING. 38
text: A middle-aged MARRIED COUPLE in identical matching sweats
text: repeat the same eccentric exercises in perfect sync, as if
text: they were in a class led by Truman.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR. DAY. 39
text: TRUMAN climbs into the car and switches on the radio. He drives
text: down the street.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: Another glorious morning in Seahaven, folks.
dialog: Don't forget to buckle up--
text: Truman mutters to himself as is his custom.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN SEAHAVEN. DAY. 40
text: TRUMAN emerges from the parking lot and as usual stops at the
text: newspaper stand. He picks up a glossy magazine and flips
text: through the cosmetic ads, surreptitiously tearing a pair of
text: EYES from one of the pages. He returns the magazine to the
text: rack. As usual, the NEWSPAPER VENDOR fails to intervene.
text: Truman begins his daily pilgrimage to work through the rush
dialog: hour pedestrian traffic.
text: As he enters the street leading to his office, he glimpses a
text: HOMELESS MAN reflected in the window of a parked car.
text: Truman, spellbound by the man, suddenly wheels around to face
text: him. The Homeless Man, late- fifties, more well-groomed and
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 2s
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 40
text: well-fed than the average vagrant, has a serene smile on his
dialog: face.
text: The Homeless Man places his hand ever so gently on Truman’s
text: cheek. Truman makes no effort to withdraw. He is transfixed
text: by the man’s eyes. He appears to recognize him.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
text: (almost to himself, mouthing
dialog: the word)
dialog: Dad...
text: Suddenly an ELEGANT WOMAN SHOPPER walking a small WIENER DOG
text: and a BUSINESS EXECUTIVE carrying a briefcase, walking in
text: opposite directions along the sidewalk, grab the Homeless
text: Man. One under each arm, lifting the Homeless Man off the
text: ground, they start to whisk the bewildered derelict down the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Stop! Stop!!
text: Truman begins to give chase. However, the shopper and the
text: businessman are surprisingly fleet-footed. Even more
text: surprising as Truman embarks on the pursuit is the behavior
text: of the PEDESTRIANS and COMMUTERS. They appear to part for
text: the fleeing trio then close ranks in front of him. Is it
text: accidental, or are the pedestrians working together, running
dialog: interference?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (shouting at the pedestrians)
dialog: Outta the way! Outta the way!
text: They are escaping.
text: Truman finally breaks through the pack, bowling over several
text: of the pedestrians in the process. Just as he gets within
text: reach of the shopper and the businessman, a bus suddenly
text: screeches to a halt beside the abductors, doors already open.
text: The Woman Shopper and the Executive bundle the Homeless Man
text: onto the bus. Truman lurches after them, but he is met by
text: the bus doors, closing sharply in his face.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
speaker_heading: (to BUS DRIVER)
dialog: Hey, stop! Stop the bus!!
text: Truman thumps against the doors, but the BUS DRIVER ignores
text: his cries and the bus roars away. The other PASSENGERS in
text: the bus, apparently oblivious to the incident, keep staring
text: straight ahead.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 26
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 40
text: Truman continues to give chase when a taxi appears out of
text: nowhere and cuts in front of him, blocking his path. When he
text: recovers, the bus has disappeared. The mysterious crowd of
text: pedestrians has also dissolved as if it never existed.
text: Retracing his steps, head reeling, wondering if he could have
text: imagined the whole incident, Truman discovers that the Woman
text: Shopper has left her WIENER DOG behind. The dog wanders
text: aimlessly on the pavement, its leash trailing behind it.
scene_heading: INT. MOTHER'S HOUSE. DAY. 41
text: TRUMAN paces impatiently in the living room of his Mother's
text: cramped, fussy, doilyed little house full of Burbank family
text: memorabilia - a cluster of framed photographs is dominated by
text: one of his FATHER trimmed with a black ribbon. A toilet
text: flushes and Truman’s MOTHER finally emerges from the next
dialog: room,
text: She presents something of a contradiction. Although she
text: walks with the aid of a “walker”, she is actually a well-
text: preserved sixty. She wears a glamorous nightgown and a full
text: head of bleached-blonde hair.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (kissing Mother on the cheek)
dialog: How are you, Mother?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well, I made it through another night.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: How's your hip?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh, just so.
dialog: Truman supports Mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You know. surprises aren’t good for me.
dialog: You should really call before you come
dialog: over, dear.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I’ve got something to tell you. You’d
dialog: better sit down.
text: Truman helps her into an overstuffed armchair.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" a7
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You look very pale, Truman. Are you
dialog: taking your vitamin D’s?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: I spend half my life out in the sun,
dialog: Mother, why would I need vitamin D?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I feel certain my condition runs in the
dialog: family.
text: (putting the back of her hand
dialog: dramatically to her forehead)
dialog: Can‘t this wait, dear?
text: He kneels beside her.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: No, I’m afraid it can’t.
text: Truman takes a deep breath as he prepares to give her the news.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I know this is going to sound insane,
dialog: Mother, but...I saw Dad today on
text: Lancaster Circle. He’s alive.
text: Mother smiles condescendingly.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It doesn’t sound insane, Truman. I swear
dialog: I see him ten times a week--in a hundred
dialog: faces. I almost hugged a perfect stranger
dialog: in the salon last Thursday.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: It was Dad, I swear, dressed like a
dialog: homeless man. And you know what else was
dialog: really strange? A businessman and a
text: woman with a little dog appeared from
text: nowhere and forced him onto a bus.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: About time they started cleaning up the
dialog: trash Downtown. We don't want to end up
dialog: like the rest of the country.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (excited)
dialog: They never found Dad's body - maybe
dialog: somehow--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 28
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 41
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: ~-Darling--
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (already doubting himself)
dialog: I’m telling you, if it wasn’t him, it was
dialog: his twin. Did Dad have a brother?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You know he was an only child, like you.
dialog: {placing a comforting arm
dialog: around him)
dialog: I know how bad you feel about what
dialog: happened--sailing into that storm. But I
dialog: don't blame you, Truman. I never have.
text: Mother kisses Truman on the cheek.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (referring to her platinum
dialog: blonde hair)
dialog: I was thinking about going lighter. What
dialog: do you think?
text: Truman regards his Mother. Her hair is already impossibly blonde.
scene_heading: INT. TRUMAN’S BASEMENT. DUSK. 42
text: The basement is cluttered with junk - ships in bottles, a
text: train track without trains, an oxygen mask, a stringless
text: guitar, many abandoned projects. The basement is dimly lit
text: by a single, naked bulb. TRUMAN looks over his shoulder
text: before opening a large walk-in cupboard. On the cupboard
text: door is a wall map of the Pacific Ocean - the Fiji Islands
text: are carefully circled. Amongst the many tools and household
text: implements inside the cupboard is a trunk under a dusty
text: canvas sheet. He pulls the trunk into the room, unfastens
text: the lock and opens the lid.
text: Inside, mementoes from his youth. A "HOW TO SAIL” book, a
text: stack of “GREAT EXPLORERS” magazines, and beneath it all, a
text: garment in a drycleaning bag. Truman carefully lifts up the
text: plastic to reveal a young woman's cardigan sweater. He puts
text: the cardigan to his nose and takes in its scent.
text: Footsteps. Truman hastily drops the cardigan in the trunk
text: and shuts the lid. MERYL's legs appear on the stairs.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: What’re you doing down here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 29
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: 42
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
text: (turning attention to an upturned
dialog: mower on the basement floor)
text: Fixing the mower.
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
dialog: I saw my father today.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Your mother called. You shouldn’t upset
dialog: her like that.
text: Meryl's response takes the wind out of Truman's sails.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: What did you want?
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: I made macaroni.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I'm not hungry.
text: Meryl nods, not at all convinced.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: We really ought to toss that mower out.
dialog: Get one of those new Elk Rotaries.
text: Truman does not reply. After an uncomfortable pause, she
text: turns back up the stairs.
text: Truman waits a moment before re-opening the trunk. He
text: removes the cardigan and holds it up, reminiscing.
scene_heading: 43 INT. A KITCHEN SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 43
text: A MOTHER, DAUGHTER about 12, and a BABY in a highchair stare
text: into camera.
speaker_heading: DAUGHTER
dialog: What's he doing?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: They removed all physical trace of her
dialog: but they couldn’t erase the memory.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: 44a
speaker_heading: 44B
dialog: 45
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 30
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 43
speaker_heading: DAUGHTER
dialog: The memory of who?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (finger to lips)
dialog: Shhh!
scene_heading: PLAYBACK MONTAGE - EXT. COLLEGE CAMPUS - STEPS. DAY. 44
text: Once again the images appear to be playing on a television screen.
text: On the steps of a typical college campus, TRUMAN, 21, ina
text: college band uniform, participates in a football pep rally.
text: MARLON, 21, a member of the football team, and MERYL, 21, a
text: cheerleader, are nearby. Truman observes an ethereal-looking
text: young woman walk by - LAUREN.
scene_heading: PLAYBACK - INT. DANCEHALL. NIGHT. 44a
text: At a college dance, TRUMAN dances with MERYL. LAUREN dances
text: by with a PARTNER of her own. However, Truman only has eyes
text: for Lauren. Suddenly, she is escorted from the dance floor.
scene_heading: PLAYBACK - EXT. COLLEGE CAMPUS - STREET. DAY. 44B
text: TRUMAN almost trips off the curb as he waves to LAUREN,
text: riding towards him on a bicycle. However, she rides right by
text: with her nose in the air, not even acknowledging his presence
text: - Truman puzzled by her change of heart.
text: The montage ends at a scene in a college library.
scene_heading: PLAYBACK - INT. COLLEGE LIBRARY. NIGHT. 45
text: In the school library, TRUMAN, 21, sits with MARLON, 21, and
text: wife-to-be, MERYL, 21, doing a final cram for a test. The
text: STUDENTS begin to pack up their books. Meryl gives Truman a
text: peck on the cheek.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Come on, Truman. Haven't you studied
dialog: enough?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I still want to look over a couple of
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45
scene_heading: "TRE TRUMAN SHOW" 31
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 45
speaker_heading: MARLON
text: (punching Truman in a chummy
dialog: way on the arm, referring to
dialog: Truman’s books)
dialog: Take the "C" average. That's what I do.
text: Truman looks up from his books. The library is almost
text: deserted. He spies a GIRL's hand around the table divider.
text: Truman musters the nerve to poke his head over the divider. He
text: finds LAUREN on the other side, buried in a book.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Konichi-wa,
text: Lauren looks blank.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (referring to the Japanese
text: text in front of her)
dialog: You take Japanese.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (quickly closing the book)
dialog: Oh, yes.
speaker_heading: ‘TRUMAN
dialog: (glancing to the name carefully
dialog: written on the front of the book)
dialog: Lauren, right?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: {as if unaware of her own name)
dialog: That's right. Lauren.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {extending his hand)
dialog: I‘m Truman, Truman Burbank--
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: --I’m not allowed to talk to you.
text: Truman is not surprised.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: It’s okay. I probably wouldn’t talk to
dialog: me either.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (softening)
dialog: I'm sorry. It’s not up to me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 32
speaker_heading: 45 CONTINUED: (2) 45
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (crestfallen)
dialog: You have a boyfriend? Of course you do.
text: Lauren looks about her, unsure.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No...I, er.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {hopeful once again)
dialog: No? Really? Good, I mean, I thought
dialog: possibly a pizza. How about Friday?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Saturday?
text: Lauren looks around the almost-deserted library.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Actually, I'm free Sunday.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Now.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Right now? We’ve got finals tomorrow.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: If we don't go now, it won’t happen.
text: Truman hesitates.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
text: (impatient, looking anxiously
dialog: around)
dialog: Well, what do you want to do?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {closing his books, still a
dialog: little uncertain)
dialog: I think I've studied enough.
scene_heading: 46 PLAYBACK - EXT. VARIOUS LOCATIONS NEAR SEAHAVEN COLLEGE. NIGHT. 46
text: LAUREN, taking TRUMAN by the hand, runs down various streets
text: and paths through the campus. She occasionally pauses and
text: looks about her, often changing direction or looking up at
text: streetlights and the towers of houses along their route, as
text: if trying to elude an unseen pursuer.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 33
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
text: The excited and apprehensive Truman runs with her although he
text: is unsure exactly who, or what, they are running from.
dialog: The further they get from the campus, the higher, wider and
text: less effective the coverage of the scene - some camera angles
text: are even partially obscured.
scene_heading: PLAYBACK ~- EXT. HIGHWAY - WESTERN END OF TOWN. NIGHT. 47
text: TRUMAN and LAUREN eventually cross an empty highway on the edge
dialog: of town.
text: They run over the dunes onto a strangely deserted beach and
text: down to the water's edge under a hyper-real full moon.
text: Lauren throws off her cardigan and hitches up her skirt,
text: wading out into the inviting water without another thought.
text: Truman stares down, transfixed by the shimmering water.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (splashing)
dialog: It's beautiful! What are you waiting for?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: I...I can’t.
text: Lauren suddenly stops splashing.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: That’s right. Oh, God, I’m sorry.
text: She wades out of the water.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {confused)
dialog: Why, Lauren? You've got nothing to be
dialog: sorry about?
text: Lauren, dripping wet, stands beside Truman at the shoreline. She
text: meets his gaze.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: My name's not Lauren. It’s Sylvia.
text: Truman looks into her eyes and believes her. Truman wipes
text: the water from her face, then leans forward and gently kisses
text: her lips. She kisses him back.
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 34
scene_heading: INT. A BAR SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 48
text: In a quiet bar room, a WAITRESS explains her viewpoint to the
text: BARMAN. A PATRON on a barstool eavesdrops.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Don’t you get it? She was willing to lose
dialog: him, lose everything, if it meant he could
dialog: find himself.
text: (registering the barman’s blank look)
dialog: Never mind. You wouldn’t understand.
scene_heading: PLAYBACK - EXT. BEACH. NIGHT. 49
text: As we return to Truman's reminiscence, TRUMAN and SYLVIA (as
text: she is now called throughout the remainder of the movie) sit
text: on the sand at the water's edge. With great delicacy, Truman
text: traces the outline of her nose with his finger, at the same
text: time inhaling her scent. Sylvia looks nervously around her.
text: Truman goes to say something but Sylvia hushes him.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: They're coming. Any minute.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (looking around the deserted beach)
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: They're going to stop me talking to you.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (confused)
dialog: There's no one here.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
text: (looking over her shoulder
dialog: nervously)
dialog: Just listen. You remember when you were a
dialog: little boy, you stood up in class and
dialog: said you wanted to be an explorer like
dialog: Magellan--
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: --How Go you know about that?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: --And your teacher said, “You're too late,
dialog: Truman. There's nothing left to explore.” .
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED)
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SEOW" 35
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: 49
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Were you there--how do you know?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: --It doesn’t matter. Everybody knows
dialog: about it. They know everything you do.
dialog: The point is, you got scared.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
text: {looking over her shoulder,
dialog: increasingly nervous)
dialog: You must listen. Everybody’s pretending,
dialog: Truman.
text: She points to the sky and scoops up the sea water at their feet.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: You think this is real? It’s all for
dialog: you. A show.
dialog: (frustrated, raving)
text: The eyes are everywhere. They're
dialog: watching you - right now.
text: ( Suddenly a car's headlights come bouncing over the dunes.
text: . The car roars across the beach towards the couple.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (scared)
dialog: I told you, Truman!
text: The car skids to a stop and a large MAN, 40ish, with a shock of
text: red hair, jumps from the car. The man yanks the frightened
text: Sylvia to her feet, causing her cardigan to fall to the ground.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (to Sylvia, oddly sympathetic)
dialog: Lauren, sweetheart, not again. Get in
dialog: the car!
text: Truman jumps up.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Hey, who the hell are you?!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I’m her father!
speaker_heading: TRUMAN ~
dialog: We weren't doing anything.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 36
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 49
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: He’s not my father! He’s just saying
dialog: that! Does he look anything like me?!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Come on, Sweetheart.
text: The Man gently, but firmly, pushes Sylvia towards his car. Sylvia
text: resists. Truman crosses to them.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I'll take care of her!
text: . The Man takes Truman aside and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (whispered, out of Sylvia‘s earshot)
text: Schizophrenia. She has episodes.
text: Doubts start crowding into Truman’s head.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA .
text: (calling out from the car
dialog: Don’t listen to him, Truman. I'm telling you
dialog: the truth!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: {getting into the car)
dialog: Don’t bother! We're moving to...Fiji - the
dialog: Fiji Islands! This place has done
text: something to her head.
scene_heading: INT. A DIMLY-LIT ROOM SOMEWHERE. NIGHT - PRESENT. 50
text: CHRISTOF stares intently into camera. Beside him is his
text: assistant, CHLOE, an androgenous-looking young woman. She
text: too stares into camera.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: At least he didn't say “New York City".
scene_heading: PLAYBACK - EXT. BEACH. NIGHT. . 51
text: TRUMAN stares after the car as it roars away. He turns back
text: toward the ocean where his attention is caught by an object
text: lying on the sand - Sylvia’s cardigan.
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 37
scene_heading: INT. TRUMAN'S BASEMENT. NIGHT - PRESENT. 52
text: TRUMAN carefully places the cardigan back into the trunk.
scene_heading: INT. A KITCHEN SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 53
text: MOTHER, DAUGHTER and BABY stare into camera.
speaker_heading: DAUGHTER
dialog: But why didn’t he just follow her
dialog: to Fiji?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Because his mother got sick - very,
dialog: sick. He couldn’t leave her. He’s a
dialog: kind boy, maybe too kind.
speaker_heading: DAUGHTER
dialog: I can’t believe he married Meryl on
text: the rebound.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT. NIGHT. 54
text: TRUMAN turns his attention to the framed photograph of Meryl
text: that he carries everywhere. Hidden behind her photo is a
text: composite picture of Sylvia which Truman has constructed by
text: pasting together individual facial features - nose, mouth, ears,
text: chin, hair ~ gathered, presumably, from women’s magazines. He
text: attempts to put the jigsaw puzzle together - although he has
text: particular difficulty finding a pair of eyes that match.
text: From his pocket he takes a recent collection of eyes which,
text: like a detective working on an identikit picture, he tries to
dialog: match. They are still not quite right.
scene_heading: INT. AN APARTMENT SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 55
text: The eyes of a YOUNG WOMAN - blue-green eyes. She turns
text: slightly, looking directly into camera. We pull back to
text: reveal her face - SYLVIA.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUMAN’S STREET. EARLY MORNING. 56
text: Dawn breaks over Truman’s street. On cue, the sound of birds.
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 38
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE TRUMAN’S HOUSE. MORNING. 57
text: TRUMAN leaves the house, lost in thought. SPENCER is taking
text: out the trash.
speaker_heading: SPENCER
dialog: How’s it going, Truman?
text: Truman hardly acknowledges Spencer. PLUTO the dog fails to
text: receive his usual pat. The wave from the WASHINGTON's across
text: the street is also not returned.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CAR/STREET OUTSIDE TRUMAN’S HOUSE. DAY. 58
text: TRUMAN motors down the street, switching on the car radio
dialog: as usual.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: --Don't forget to buckle up out there in
dialog: radioland. It's another glorious...
dialog: . morrrninggg...innn... Seaaaa.
text: haaaa...vennnn...f...0...1...k...8...
dialog: 
text: The Announcer's voice slows down - now revealing itself to be
text: a tape that has worn out. Truman, perplexed, looks at the
text: radio and pushes buttons in an attempt to find another
text: station. He finds one.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: ..-west on Stewart...he’s making a right
dialog: on Holden...
text: Truman glances up at the street signs along his route and
dialog: finds that they correspond exactly with the streets quoted
text: on the radio. Distracted, he almost bowls over an OLD LADY
text: on a crosswalk.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: ...God, he almost hit Marilyn!...He’s on
text: the move again, passing the library...
text: Truman readjusts the radio as it starts to fade out.
text: Suddenly, there is a piercing blast of feedback. He looks up
text: and, as far as the eye can see, every PEDESTRIAN, MOTORIST
text: and SHOPKEEPER along the street suddenly winces in pain and
text: holds their right ear at exactly the same moment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 39
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE
dialog: (from radio, in distress himself)
dialog: ...Something’s wrong. Change frequencies...
text: Truman tries to pick up the channel once again but without
dialog: success.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT. MORNING.
text: TRUMAN sits in his car, drinking his coffee, taking in the
text: recent incident. From inside the adjacent school, he hears
text: the familiar, excited squeals and chatter of SCHOOL CHILDREN.
text: Truman suddenly throws aside his coffee and sprints across
text: the parking lot and into the school.
scene_heading: INT. SEAHAVEN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL. MORNING.
text: TRUMAN slams through the front doors into the reception area.
text: It is deserted, no one stationed at the administration desk,
text: the corridors empty. He runs down a vacant corridor, finally
text: standing outside a classroom. The childrens’ voices can
text: still be heard from inside. Truman bursts through the door.
text: The room is empty save for a large reel-to-reel tape recorder
text: on the teacher's desk playing a continuous tape of childrens’
text: voices. The recorder is attached to speakers on tall stands
text: facing the ventilation ducts. Truman stares at the machine
text: in disbelief.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DOWNTOWN. DAY.
text: TRUMAN, still lost in thought, exits the school. He stops at
text: the newsstand and picks up a magazine to resume his ritual
text: search but his heart is not in it. He replaces the magazine
text: without taking a cutting - much to the surprise of the NEWS
speaker_heading: VENDOR.
text: Truman starts his trek to work, pausing to stare at his
text: reflection in the mirrored building, hoping that the Homeless
text: Man will appear once again at his side. No one joins him.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET. DAY.
text: Entering his own building with fellow OFFICE WORKERS, TRUMAN
text: remains in the revolving door and re-emerges on the street.
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: | "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 40
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS. DAY, 63
text: TRUMAN wanders aimlessly through a city park, observing. We
text: sense, truly observing for the first time.
text: A YOUNG WOMAN walks a pair of AFGHAN HOUNDS. An OLD MAN
text: answers the incessant questions of his GRANDCHILD. Nothing
text: appears amiss. Truman takes a seat at a small, outdoor cafe.
text: He fidgets with his father’s ring on his finger that contains
text: one large stone, still looking for a false move.
text: A DELIVERY MAN unloads boxes from the back of his truck and
text: carries them into a store. Further down the street
text: CONSTRUCTION WORKERS take their time tending to an electrical
text: repair in an exposed manhole. A POSTAL WORKER does his
text: rounds. An OLD WOMAN struggles with two heavy shopping bags.
dialog: Everybody appears natural, places to go.
scene_heading: INT. A DIMLY-LIT ROOM SOMEWHERE. DAY. 64
text: CHRISTOF and CHLOE stare into camera. Christof leans forward
dialog: and speaks,
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: ...Everybody stay focussed. Remember who
dialog: you are.
scene_heading: EXT. CAFE. DAY 65
text: TRUMAN turns his attention to a group of CUBAN-LOOKING MEN at
text: the only other occupied table at the cafe. We see extreme
text: close-ups as Truman scans the men’s faces for any sign of
text: phoniness. They are talking loudly, making suggestive
text: comments to the WAITRESS. Their behavior passes the test -
text: all seems genuine.
text: Then, Truman notices TWO JOGGERS out for a morning run,
text: making their way down the street towards him. Truman happens
text: to glance at the sneakers of one of the joggers. He suddenly
text: springs to his feet. Truman blocks the joggers.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: It's you...isn't it?
text: The Joggers attempt to sidestep Truman.
speaker_heading: JOGGER 1
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 41
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 65
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Remember? Two days ago I gave you my
dialog: meatball sandwich in the park. You were
text: in a wheelchair. Same sneakers.
text: The jogger looks down at his distinctive sneakers bearing the
text: initials, *T.S.”, and visibly blanches.
speaker_heading: JOGGER 2
dialog: (coming to his companion’s aid)
dialog: Get the hell out of here.
text: The second jogger roughly shoves Truman aside. Truman calls
text: out after the two men,
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (ironically referring to the
dialog: Jogger‘s new-found mobility)
dialog: It’s a miracle!
text: Truman picks himself up, dusting dirt from his suit. He
text: retrieves his briefcase and continues down the street with
dialog: renewed purpose.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET. DAY. 66
text: Wandering down the bustling street, TRUMAN suddenly bolts
text: into a building at random.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING. DAY. 67
text: An imposing office building clad in the kind of reflective
text: glass that shields its occupants from the world - a building
text: Truman passes every day. A steady stream of EMPLOYEES and
text: VISITORS enter and exit the building’s high-ceilinged lobby
text: past an intimidating security desk manned by TWO UNIFORMED
text: GUARDS. Beyond security are banks of elevators, ferrying
text: executives, clerical staff and delivery personnel to and from
dialog: their floors of business.
text: Truman abruptly enters reception and strides confidently
text: past the security desk trying to look as if he belongs.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD 1
dialog: (to Truman)
dialog: Can I help?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (sneaking a glance at the
dialog: building directory)
dialog: I have an appointment at, er...Gable
dialog: Enterprises.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67
dialog: , “tit TRUMAN SHOW™ a2
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 67
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD 1
dialog: They went bust.
text: The second Security Guard is rising from his seat to block
text: Truman's path to the elevators but Truman reads his mind and
text: makes a dash for it - into one of the elevators.
text: A YOUNG WOMAN in the elevator looks in horror at Truman - the
text: cause of her concern all too apparent. Looking beyond the
text: Woman, Truman discovers that there is no back to the elevator
text: car. The PEOPLE Truman has just witnessed entering other
text: elevators are milling around a refreshment table, primping or
text: sitting on folding chairs. Gradually, they all turn to gape
text: at Truman, who in turn stares back, appalled. Truman’s view
text: is abruptly blocked as a rear panel is hastily attached to
text: the elevator. A Security Guard pulls Truman from the car.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD 1
text: (glancing to the lights above
text: the elevator, trying to appear
dialog: innocent)
dialog: Nothing.
text: Truman observes the upward progress of the elevator via the
text: light display above the doorway. Before he has time to make
text: sense of it, the guards drag him away.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD 2
dialog: You‘ve got to leave.
text: The Guards frog-march Truman out of the facade towards an
dialog: Emergency Exit.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Just tell me what's going on?
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD 2
dialog: We’re re-modelling.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: No you're not!! What were those people
dialog: doing in there?
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD 1
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: It’s none of my business.
dialog: (ushering Truman off the
dialog: property)
dialog: None of yours, either.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: 68A
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 43
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 67
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (not going quietly)
dialog: You don’t tell me what’s really going on,
dialog: I‘11 report you.
text: TRUMAN continues to struggle as the GUARDS usher him to the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD 2
dialog: For what? You’re trespassing!
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET. DAY. 68
text: TRUMAN continues to struggle as the GUARDS unceremoniously
text: dump him on the pavement. He picks himself up, head reeling,
text: and starts to run along the street. He suddenly enters
text: another building at random. An office block with a bank on
text: the ground floor.
text: Truman rushes to the elevators. The lights above the doors
text: show all the elevators on upper floors... Frantic pressing of
text: the elevator button gets no response. A RECEPTIONIST rises
text: from her desk. Truman heads for the stairs but is
text: intercepted by a BANK OFFICIAL barring his way.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I want to... .
text: The Bank Official, the Receptionist, and a BANK TELLER back
text: Truman towards the door.
speaker_heading: BANK OFFICIAL
dialog: ...Open an account?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Yes. Er, why not?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Savings or checking?
speaker_heading: BANK OFFICIAL
dialog: Let's go up to my office.
text: Truman hurriedly exits the bank.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. DAY. 68A
text: Back on the street, TRUMAN feels the eyes of the PEDESTRIANS.
text: Is he simply drawing attention to himself by his behavior?
text: Truman wheels around, trying to make eye contact with passersby.
text: They shy away. He continues to run down the street.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 68A
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
text: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" aa
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Finally, Truman finds himself standing in front of the
text: window of an electronics store staring at his own face on a
text: TV set. It is taking a feed from a camcorder aimed out the
dialog: store window.
scene_heading: INT. A BATHROOM SOMEWHERE. DAY.
text: A MAN stares into camera from a bath of stale water - a layer
text: of soap scum on the top.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Don't look at me, pal.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - ELECTRONICS STORE. DAY.
text: TRUMAN shudders at his video reflection. Further down the
text: street, he notices Marlon’s van parked outside a supermarket.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET. DAY.
text: The door of a vending machine is open. MARLON, half inside
text: the machine, loads a stack of Baby Ruth candy bars into one
text: of the dispensing slots. The paranoid TRUMAN appears at his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Marlon~-
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (startled)
dialog: --Truman, what are you doing here?
text: Truman looks nervously around him. Even the STORE OWNER’s
text: friendly nod from behind the counter is cause for suspicion
text: in Truman’s mind.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: I’ve got to talk to you.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Sorry, I’m way behind.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I’m onto something, Marlon ~ something big.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Are you okay?. You look like shit.
speaker_heading: - (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 68A
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 45
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I think I'm mixed up in something.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Mixed up? Mixed up in what?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: There's no point in trying to explain it,
dialog: but a lot of strange things have been
dialog: happening - elevators that don't go
dialog: anywhere, people talking about me on the
dialog: radio, you know what I mean?
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (bemused)
dialog: No. Truman, if this is another one of
dialog: your fantasies...
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I think it's got something to do with
dialog: my dad.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Your Dad?!
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {looking around nervously)
dialog: I think he’s alive. I‘11 tell you about
dialog: it later. i'm definitely being followed.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (looking around, instantly
dialog: protective)
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
text: It's hard to tell. They look just like
dialog: regular people.
speaker_heading: MARLON
speaker_heading: (referring to an OLD COUPLE
dialog: entering the deli)
dialog: How about them?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (seriously considering the
dialog: possibility)
text: Could be. Beard looks phony.
dialog: (leaning closer to Marlon)
dialog: It's when I'm unpredictable. They can’t
dialog: stand that. That’s why we’ve got to get
dialog: out of here. Can you come with me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 46
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: {closing up the vending machine)
dialog: I told you I can’t.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I've got to show you something.
text: Truman fixes Marlon with a look of deadly seriousness.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: {weakening)
dialog: Christ, Truman. You’re gonna get both
dialog: our asses fired.
scene_heading: EXT. SEAHAVEN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL. DAY.
text: TRUMAN hurries MARLON up the school steps. The sound of
text: children’s voices continues to drift out from inside the
text: building. Truman and Marlon storm into the school reception
text: area - still empty.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR. DAY.
text: TRUMAN and MARLON stand outside the classroom, the source of
text: the children's voices. Truman throws his friend an "I-told-
text: you-so" look and swings open the door with a flourish.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM. DAY.
text: The once-empty classroom is now full of SCHOOL CHILDREN in an
text: art class. A hush falls over the students and all eyes turn
text: to TRUMAN and MARLON.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
text: {gesturing to two unoccupied
dialog: easels)
dialog: Would you care to join us?
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFFTOP. DUSK.
text: Hand-over-hand, TRUMAN climbs the cliff he once scaled as a
text: seven-year-old. Finally, he sits on the clifftop, staring
text: out at the view his father had been so desperate for him not
text: to see twenty-six years earlier. However, the deserted bay
text: beyond is identical to its neighbor. MARLON, laboring,
text: crests the rise and joins his friend on the clifftop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 47
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: What’re we doing here, Truman?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: This is where it started.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: What exactly?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Things. Things that don’t fit.
dialog: (another thought occurs)
dialog: Maybe I’m being set up for something.
dialog: You ever feel like that, Marlon? Like
dialog: your whole life has been building to
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (blank)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {ignoring the remark)
dialog: When you were hauling chickens for Kaiser
dialog: Poultry, what was the furthest you ever
dialog: went off the island?
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: I went all over but I never found a place
dialog: like this.
dialog: (nodding to the setting sun)
dialog: Look at that sunset, Truman. It’s perfect.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (in a daze)
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (glancing heavenwards)
dialog: That‘s the “Big Guy”. Quite a paintbrush
dialog: he’s got.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Just between you and me, Marlon, I’m
text: going away for a while.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Really?
dialog: 
dialog: 76
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 48
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - TRUMAN'S HOUSE. NIGHT. 76
text: TRUMAN sits cramped on his sofa. Pulling wider, we discover
text: the cause of his discomfort. He is sandwiched between MERYL
text: on one side and MOTHER on the other. Mother, the family
text: historian, a stack of photograph albums at her feet, turns
text: the pages of the album on Truman's lap.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: We ought to be getting you back, Mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Hold on a minute, Dear.
dialog: (pointing out a photo in the album)
dialog: Here’s us at Mount Rushmore. You
dialog: remember, Truman--when Dad was still with
dialog: us--that was quite a drive. You slept
dialog: all the way there.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (taking an interest in th
dialog: monument ) :
text: It looks so small.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (quickly turning the page)
dialog: Things always do--when you look back.
text: Mother skips several pages in the album, finally stopping at
text: a spread of wedding photos.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Look, Truman, there's my cousin Errol
text: putting the bouquet down his pants - it
dialog: was the happiest day of our lives.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (referring to Meryl)
dialog: Didn’t she look beautiful, Truman? She
dialog: still does.
text: Mother turns to a blank page in the album.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: And there's plenty of room for baby
dialog: photos. I’d like to hold a grandchild
dialog: in my arms--
dialog: (dabbing her eye with a handkerchief)
dialog: ~-before I go.
text: Meryl rises from the sofa and helps Mother to her walker.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" a9
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: T'11 take you home, Angela.
dialog: (referring to the albums)
dialog: Why don't you leave those with us for
dialog: a while?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (kissing his emotional mother)
dialog: Good night, Mother.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (a wink to Truman)
dialog: See you in a minute, sweetheart.
text: Meryl departs with Mother. Left alone in the living room,
text: Truman slumps back down onto the sofa and switches on the
text: television set - an old-fashioned model with rabbit-ears.
text: He idly studies the photograph album as an over-earnest
text: television HOST announces the upcoming program.
speaker_heading: TV HOST
dialog: --Tonight's golden-cldie is the
dialog: enduring, much-loved classic, “Show Me
dialog: The Way To Go Home". A hymn of praise
dialog: to small-town life where we learn that
dialog: you don't have to leave home to
dialog: discover what the world is all about
dialog: and that no one is poor who has
dialog: friends...
dialog: However, when we turn our attention away from the
text: television, we find that Truman is peering intently at a
text: wedding photograph of Meryl and himself taking their vows in
text: a civil ceremony in a beachside gazebo. Under the scrutiny
text: of a magnifying glass, he discovers that Meryl has her
dialog: fingers crossed.
scene_heading: INT. A LIVING ROOM SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 77
text: The TWO OLD LADIES sit on their sofa, a rug across their
text: knees, sipping a night cap of hot chocolate. They stare into
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY 1
dialog: Remember at the wedding - that dog?
speaker_heading: OLD LADY 2
text: Started howling when they took their vows.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 50
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 77
speaker_heading: OLD LADY 1
dialog: And the plastic horseshoe fell off when
dialog: they cut the cake.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY 2
dialog: (shaking her head ruefully)
dialog: They never had a chance.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. MORNING. 78
text: TRUMAN, dressed casually in weekend attire, is at the stove
text: preparing an omelette. MERYL hurries into the kitchen in her
text: .Murse’s uniform. She gulps down a cup of coffee and reaches
text: for her nurse’s cap.
text: However, she still has time to adjust the position of a pack of
text: "FibreCon Cereal" - squaring it a little more to camera.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I have to talk with you.
dialog: (looking about, suspicious)
dialog: But not here. Let's go for a walk.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (kissing him on the cheek)
dialog: I’m sorry, I’m late.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: What’s the hurry?
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Surgery. The elevator disaster downtown
text: on the news last night. Cable snapped, a
dialog: car dropped ten floors. Non-union
dialog: contractors. Monsters. We‘re starting
text: with an amputation.
text: Truman’s eyes widen. Meryl adjusts her hat in the mirror.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: That building's near yours. Imagine if
dialog: you'd been in there for some reason. It
dialog: doesn’t bear thinking about.
text: Truman, lost in thought, picks up the scalding frying pan with
text: his bare hand. Letting out a howl of pain, he drops the pan.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Arrah!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: an
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 53
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Oh, my God!
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: What do I do?
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: I don’t know--
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: --you're a nurse, aren't you?
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Put some butter on it--or ice?
text: She looks up at the kitchen clock.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (hurrying out the door)
dialog: Oh, look at the time.
text: Truman stares after her, the pain of his hand forgotten for the
text: moment. He watches Meryl ride her bicycle down the driveway.
text: Truman exits the house.
scene_heading: 79 EXT. SEAHAVEN STREETS/HOSPITAL/PARKING LOT. DAY. 79
text: Riding a bicycle of his own, TRUMAN follows MERYL to work,
text: staying a safe distance back. He watches her enter the
dialog: hospital.
scene_heading: 80 INT. HOSPITAL. DAY. 80
text: TRUMAN makes his way along various corridors. All seems as
text: it should - DOCTORS confer with NURSING STAFF and PATIENTS,
text: gurneys are wheeled about with their PASSENGERS looking
text: suitably traumatized. Truman approaches a NURSING SISTER.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I'm looking for my wife--Nurse Burbank.
dialog: It's important.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: {checking her clipboard)
dialog: I'm afraid that’s impossible--she’s in pre-op.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Sure. Okay. Fine. Can you pass on a
dialog: ~ message?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 53
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 80
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I'll try.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Tell her, tell her...I had to go to Fiji.
dialog: I’1l call her when I get there.
speaker_heading: NURSE.
dialog: When you get to Fiji?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: You got it.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Fine. I‘11 tell her.
text: The nurse walks off, disappearing through a set of doors.
text: Truman hesitates before following her.
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS HOSPITAL CORRIDORS. DAY. 81
text: The NURSE walks briskly - fewer people about, TRUMAN
text: discreetly following behind. The nurse breaks into a jog.
text: Truman hurries to keep up with her - dodging around gurneys,
text: JANITORS mopping floors.
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE OPERATING THEATRE. DAY. 82
text: The NURSE, hastily scrubbed and gowned, enters the theatre. TRUMAN
text: hesitates but dares not enter. He grabs a mask of his own.
text: Looking through the glass window in the operating theatre
text: door, he sees the YOUNG WOMAN (seen in the hastily fixed
text: elevator car the day before) lying on the operating table, a
text: blood-soaked bandage covering her left leg. MERYL, wearing a
text: surgical gown and mask, assists the SURGEON. The SISTER
text: hovers nervously in the background.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: Scalpel.
text: Meryl very slowly selects a scalpel from a tray of instruments
text: and awkwardly hands it to the surgeon.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: I‘m now making my primary incision just
text: above the left knee.
text: The patient’s eyes blink open in horror. The ANESTHETIST
text: steps in Truman’s view before he can get a good look.
text: Suddenly, a SECURITY GUARD appears beside Truman and takes
text: him by the arm.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: . "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 53
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 82
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: (referring to the operation)
dialog: This isn't gonna be pretty. Unless
dialog: you're family of the patient, I’1ll have
dialog: to ask you to leave.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: No problem. JI don't want to cause any
dialog: trouble.
scene_heading: INT. TRAVEL AGENCY. DAY. 83
text: TRUMAN takes a seat at the only desk in an empty travel
text: agency. The travel brochures and posters that adorn the
text: walls all feature destinations that bear a striking
text: similarity to picturesque Seahaven. Another poster spells
text: out the dangers of travel - "TRAVELLERS BEWARE - Terrorists,
text: Disease, Wild Animals, Street Gangs". A female TRAVEL AGENT
text: enters from a rear door.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: I'm sorry to keep you. How can I help?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I want to book a flight to Fiji.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Where exactly?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (believing she is being
dialog: deliberately obtuse)
dialog: Fiji.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: (a trace of condescension)
dialog: Where in Fiji? What island?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I'm, sorry, er,...the biggest one.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: (entering the destination in
dialog: her computer)
dialog: Viti Levu. For how many?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (finding the question suspicious)
dialog: One.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 54
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: When do you want to leave, remembering, of
dialog: course, you do lose a day on the way there?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Today.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: (reading off her computer screen)
dialog: I’m sorry. I don’t have anything for at
dialog: least a month.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: A month.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: (patiently explaining)
dialog: It‘s the busy season.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {paranoia showing)
dialog: You are a travel agent, aren‘t you?
dialog: (reading her nametag)
dialog: "Doris"? Your job is to help people
dialog: travel.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: (showing amazing restraint)
dialog: I do have a fabulous rate on a cruise
dialog: ship departing for Fiji tomorrow. But
dialog: you wouldn’t want to do that.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Why wouldn't I?
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: I thought you were in a hurry.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (calming down)
dialog: That‘s right.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: You want to book the flight?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: It doesn’t matter. I'11 make other
dialog: arrangements.
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" ss
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET. DAY. 84
text: Emerging onto the street, TRUMAN looks across to the building
text: which he entered the previous day. It is now cordoned off
text: with police tape after the elevator disaster. Flowers have
text: been laid at the doorway.
scene_heading: EXT. GREYHOUND BUS STATION. DAY. 85
text: A Greyhound Bus, bound for “CHICAGO” according to its
text: destination sign, sits idling at the stop. Just as a burly
text: SUPERVISOR is about to wave the bus on its way, TRUMAN dashes
text: into the station.
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER
dialog: Last call for Chicago.
text: Truman jumps onto the bus behind the last boarding passenger
text: - a YOUNG SOLDIER.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (to the Bus Driver, as he
dialog: boards the bus)
dialog: Windy City, here we come.
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS. DAY. 86
text: TRUMAN takes a seat by a window. An awkward silence descends
text: over the bus. The other passengers - a MOTHER with a
text: restless CHILD, several TOURISTS, an OLD COUPLE and the YOUNG
text: SOLDIER - all stare stiffly straight ahead, averting their
text: eyes from Truman.
text: No one is more uncomfortable than the BUS DRIVER. Beads of
text: perspiration on his head, he fumbles for the gear shift,
text: apparently unsure how to operate it. The gears grind.
text: The OTHER PASSENGERS try not to notice. The CHILD, tugging
text: her MOTHER’s sleeve, points to Truman. Her mother makes her
text: face the front of the bus. Finally the SUPERVISOR enters the
dialog: ' bus.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: Everybody off. We've got a problem.
text: The relieved passengers hurriedly exit until Truman is the
text: only one remaining on the bus. The Bus Driver looks almost
text: sorry for Truman who sits resolutely in his seat - the hint
text: of a tear of frustration in his eyes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: as
dialog: werise uw
speaker_heading: ws jw
dialog: .
dialog: !
dialog: 
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
scene_heading: . “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 56
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I’m sorry, son.
scene_heading: INT. A BAR SOMEWHERE. DAY. 87
text: The bar seen earlier. A small group of PATRONS discuss
text: developments. The WAITRESS seems upset, occasionally
text: glancing to camera as she pours a beer.
speaker_heading: PATRON 1
dialog: Why would he want to go to Chicago? Who
dialog: does he know from there?
speaker_heading: PATRON 2
dialog: His doctor came from Chicago, didn’t he?
speaker_heading: PATRON 1
dialog: Wasn't his father from Chicago?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (upset)
dialog: He’s not going to Chicago. He’s not going
text: anywhere. He has to have it out with Meryl.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - TRUMAN’S BICYCLE. DAY. 88
text: As TRUMAN rides home on his bicycle, he stares wildly about
text: him - the rearview mirror on his bicycle is suddenly cause for
text: concern, so are the trees and streetlamps lining the roadway.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUMAN'S BACKYARD. DAY. 89
text: TRUMAN, staring at the highway from the bottom of the garden,
text: doesn’t bother to look up as MERYL, still wearing her nurse’s
text: uniform, approaches.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
text: (referring to a distant car on
dialog: the expressway)
dialog: See that car way down there? I bet it’s
text: a Suburu station wagon.
text: Meryl looks idly over the fence at the approaching car.
text: Finally, a Suburu station wagon motors by. Meryl is
text: unimpressed. Truman turns his back on the highway to
dialog: continue his game.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 57
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 89
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I predict the next four cars will be a
text: white Honda Civic, a blue and white Dodge
text: Dart with the front hubcap missing, a
text: Volkswagon Beetle with a dented fender
text: and a motorcycle.
dialog: Meryl doesn’t wish to participate in the game and makes for
text: the house. Truman holds her arm, forcing her to watch. He
text: turns to check his prediction. A convoy of cars approaches.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: There's the Honda...the Dodge...here
dialog: comes the dented Beetle...
text: Meryl’s attention wavers. Truman tightens his grip.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Look!
text: Following the VW is a school bus.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: Where’s the motorcycle?
text: Truman is momentarily disappointed.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Don’t you want to know how I did that?
text: A motorcycle putters by. Meryl turns and walks back to the
text: house. He hurries after her.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: I invited Marlon and Rita for a barbeque
dialog: Sunday. I thought I’d make my potato
dialog: salad. Remind me--
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I won't be here Sunday.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: ~--we need more charcoal.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN .
dialog: Are you listening to a word I'm saying?
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: You're upset because you want to go to
dialog: Fiji. Is that it?
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 58
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 89
text: Truman is puzzled by her conciliatory tone.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Okay, do it. Get it out of your system.
dialog: Save for a few months and go. There.
dialog: Happy now? I'm going to take a shower.
text: She turns away.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (catching her wrist)
dialog: Let's go now.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: What?!
text: Despite her protests, Truman drags Meryl towards his car.
speaker_heading: ‘TRUMAN
text: (as he shoves her into the car)
dialog: I’m ready to go now. Why wait?
scene_heading: INT. TRUMAN’S CAR. DAY. 90
text: TRUMAN holds MERYL‘s wrist to stop her exiting the car and
text: accelerates out of the driveway in reverse without looking -
text: almost running over PLUTO the dog and SPENCER with his
dialog: garbage can.
text: Truman starts circling a gazebo at the center of a
text: roundabout, faster and faster.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Where shall we go? Where shall we go?
dialog: Spontaneity is what it's all about.
dialog: Forget Fiji. We can't very well drive to
dialog: Fiji, can we? What about Atlantic City?
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (trying to mask her anxiety)
dialog: You hate gambling.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: That’s right. I do, don’t I?
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: So why do you want to go?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Because I never have. That’s why you go
dialog: places, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED}
dialog: 90
scene_heading: °THE TRUMAN SHOW" 59
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 90
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Truman, I think I'm going to throw up.
text: Truman roars off down the street.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Me too.
text: Almost immediately, Truman encounters a traffic snarl.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {a manic edge to his voice)
dialog: So much traffic, this time of day. Does
dialog: that strike you as peculiar?
text: Without warning, Truman suddenly dives down a sidestreet. But
text: his move is anticipated. At the end of the street, a pack of
text: cars suddenly appears. Other vehicles fill the gap behind.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (to Meryl, marveling)
text: Blocked at every turn. Beautifully’
dialog: synchronized, don’t you agree?
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You blaming me for the traffic?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Should I?
text: Truman reverses suddenly and makes a U-turn.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: You're right. We could be stuck here
dialog: for hours. Could be like this all
dialog: the way to Atlantic City. Let’s go
dialog: back. I’m sorry. I don’t know what
dialog: got into me.
text: Truman starts heading back the way they came, the roadway now
text: relatively free of traffic.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Would you please slow down, Truman?
text: Truman floors the car. The car flies past their house.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Truman, that was our house!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE TRUMAN SHOW" 60
speaker_heading: 90 CONTINUED: (2) 90
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I've changed my mind again. What’s New
dialog: Orleans like this time of year? Mardi
dialog: Gras. Or let’s just see where the road
dialog: takes us.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Let me out, Truman. You’re not right in
dialog: the head. You want to destroy yourself,
dialog: you do it on your own!
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (eerily calm)
dialog: I think I'd like a little company.
text: As he speeds erratically, Truman glances at the streets on
text: either side of the main road where he discovers a distinct
text: lack of moving traffic.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (to the anxious Meryl at. his side)
dialog: Look, Meryl. No cars! I don’t run into
text: traffic. The traffic follows me around.
dialog: (excited by his discovery)
dialog: We‘re in a moving pack, don’t you see?
scene_heading: 91 INT/EXT. TRUMAN'S CAR - BRIDGE. DAY. 91
text: But TRUMAN's clear path is short-lived. He is forced to slow
text: once again behind a line of other cars at a bridge.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (to Meryl)
dialog: It’s hard to go places, isn't it?
speaker_heading: MERYL
text: {looking up ahead at an
dialog: overturned car)
dialog: There's been an accident, Truman.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Uhuh. There's no accident. It's just
text: more stalling.
text: Truman floors the car again and swerves into the oncoming
text: lane. He roars along the bridge on the wrong side of the
text: road. Near the end of the bridge, a distraught MOTORIST
text: dashes into the middle of the road, waving his arms. Truman
text: slams on the brakes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ¥
dialog: wemeew
dialog: °
dialog: *
dialog: ,
dialog: »
dialog: 
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 61
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 91
speaker_heading: MOTORIST
text: (pointing to a small BOY lying
text: very still on the ground
text: beside a wrecked car}
dialog: --is there a doctor, a nurse?
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Truman, it's a child. I've got to help -
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (hardly glancing to the boy)
dialog: He'll be fine.
text: _ Truman roars on, almost bowling over the concerned motorist.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Truman, I took the "hypocrite" oath!
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I bet you did.
text: Truman roars past a sign that reads, “YOU ARE NOW LEAVING
dialog: SEAHAVEN - Are you sure that's a good idea?"
text: Back at the accident scene, the little boy, apparently
text: uninjured, sits up.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CAR. DAY. 92
text: They roar pass an illuminated sign - "FOREST FIRE WARNING -
dialog: Extreme Danger".
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Truman, what about that sign?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I'm sure they're just exaggerating.
text: Suddenly, a 20 foot high wall of flame shoots across the
text: roadway in front of them - as if someone flicked on a gas
dialog: switch.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: What about that - do you believe that?!
text: TRUMAN experiences his first moment of doubt. He looks to
text: the terrified MERYL, then closes his eyes tightly and
text: accelerates through the fire wall. He is startled to find
text: that they have emerged on the other side, singed but
text: unscathed. .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 62
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 92
text: However, the open road in front of them now disturbs Truman
dialog: for a different reason - its sheer lack of anything unusual.
text: Signs along the road advertise motels and give directions to
dialog: other destinations - "I-6211 - 2 miles“, "Notel Motel - Pool,
dialog: Color TV".
text: Meryl also now appears to be resigned to the journey.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: So what do we do for money when we get to
dialog: New Orleans?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (not so confident now)
dialog: I've got my Seahaven Bankcard.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: So we just eat into our savings, is that
dialog: the idea? I'd better call your mother
dialog: when we get there. She'll be worried
dialog: sick - I don't know how she's going to
dialog: take this.
text: Truman appears very unsure of himself.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADWAY. DAY. 93
text: However, there is still a barrier between TRUMAN and Bourbon
text: Street. The highway, leading to a cloverleaf freeway
text: junction in the distance, is completely blocked off by
text: Seahaven police cars. No way past. Nuclear silos in the
text: distance spew out an ominous puff of smoke. A sign reads,
scene_heading: "SEAHAVEN ISLAND NUCLEAR POWER STATION ~ Clean, Safe,
dialog: Economical - More Power To You!"
text: Truman is forced to slow at the police barricade.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (grim-faced, indicating the
dialog: nearby power plant)
dialog: Leak at the plant. They had to shut
dialog: her down.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Is there any way around?
speaker_heading: OFFICER ~
text: The whole area’s being evacuated.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 63
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 93
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Well, thank you for your help.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: You're welcome, Truman.
text: Truman's eyes widen at the mention of his name from an
text: apparent stranger. As the officer turns, Truman bolts from
text: the car, leaving MERYL in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Truman!! Come back!!
text: Truman flees into the forest.
scene_heading: INT. A LIVING ROOM SOMEWHERE. DAY. 94
text: The TWO OLD LADIES we have observed before are almost overcome
text: with tension. One lady reaches out for her companion’s hand.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST NEAR SEAHAVEN NUCLEAR POWER PLANT. DAY. 95
text: TRUMAN bursts past the alien-looking HAZARDOUS WASTE WORKERS
text: in their protective suits carrying detection instruments.
text: The workers give chase in their cumbersome suits, trying to
text: cut off his path.
text: Nearing the edge of the forest, Truman hears the sound of
text: hammers and saws. But before he has time to see the source
text: of the sound, he is tackled to the ground.
text: As SEAHAVEN POLICE OFFICERS drag him away, one of the WASTE
text: WORKERS walks the remaining few yards, pushing aside a wall
dialog: of tropical foliage. We now see what Truman was prevented
dialog: from seeing.
text: A Polynesian island is under construction by dozens of
text: RIGGERS, PAINTERS and SET DECORATORS. Large cranes are
text: lifting palm trees into place, a fake volcano is being tested
text: in the distance and rehearsals for a firewalking ceremony are
text: underway complete with hot coals, DRUMMERS and FIREWALKERS in
dialog: native dress.
text: The wings and fuselage of an airliner are being constructed
text: on a hydraulic gimbal. Leading into one side of the airliner
text: is a covered walkway, emblazoned with a sign, "Seahaven
text: Island - Departures". Emerging from the opposite side of the
text: airliner is an old- fashioned airline stairway with the sign,
dialog: “Welcome To Fiji".
text: At the foot of the steps, TWO WOMEN in Fijian dress are being
text: shown the correct way to present a floral lei.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 64
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: FIJIAN WOMAN
dialog: Did he see us?
speaker_heading: WASTE WORKER
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: Negative.
scene_heading: TRUMAN’S HOUSE - KITCHEN. NIGHT. 96
text: MERYL shows TWO SEAHAVEN POLICEMEN out the back door.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 1
dialog: You’re lucky he’s not glowing, Ma‘am.
dialog: Next time we’ll have to file charges.
text: Meryl joins TRUMAN at the kitchen table. Truman applauds
dialog: ironically.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Let me get you some help, Truman. You're
dialog: not well.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (ignoring her medical advice)
dialog: Why do you want to have a child with me?
dialog: You can’t stand me.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: That‘’s not true.
text: Meryl picks up a package and holds it to camera.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Why don’t I make you some of this new
dialog: Mococoa Drink? All natural. Cocoa beans
text: from the upper slopes of Mount Nicaragua.
dialog: No artificial sweeteners--
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: --What the hell are you talking about?!
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: I’ve tasted other cocoas. This is the best.
text: Truman rises from the table and backs her around the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 65
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 96
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: What the hell has that got to do with
dialog: anything? Tell me what’s happening?!
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (frightened but remaining
dialog: poised)
dialog: You're having a nervous breakdown, that's
dialog: what's happening.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {backing her up against the
dialog: kitchen bench)
dialog: You're part of this, aren't you?!
text: Meryl grabs the "Chef's-Mate" from the counter to protect
text: herself. She points the potato peeler at him.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Truman, you’re scaring me!
text: Truman looks into her eyes and, with surprising swiftness,
text: grabs her wrist and disarms her.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: No, you’re scaring me, Meryl!
text: Truman grabs Meryl and turns the Chef's Mate on her. He
text: stares wildly about him.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Stop this now. I’11 do it. I swear.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Do something...
text: Upon hearing her remark, Truman‘s eyes widen. Sensing that
text: she too is addressing a third person, he jerks her head
text: around to read her face.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {wild-eyed)
dialog: Who were you talking to?!
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You’re the one talking to the walls!
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: No. You said, “Do something.” Who were
dialog: you talking to? Tell me!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 66
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 96
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: Truman, stop it!
text: Suddenly, the front door chimes.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
text: Right on time. Cops must be telepathic.
text: Truman grabs his peeler and marches Meryl down the hallway to
text: the front door. The doorbell chimes a second and third time,
text: more insistently.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN"
dialog: (shouting through the closed door)
dialog: Stay where you are!
speaker_heading: MARLON (0.C.)
dialog: Truman? It’s me, Marlon. TI need to talk
dialog: to you.
text: Truman flinches. He was so convinced it would be the police.
text: He takes a step back against the hallway wall. Before he can
text: decide what to do, MARLON has opened the unlocked front door
text: to be confronted with the sight of Truman holding the peeler
text: to Meryl’s throat.
text: Marion locks eyes with Truman. Sizing up the situation, he
text: slowly but decisively removes the peeler from Truman’s hand.
text: Meryl wrenches herself free from Truman’s now limp grasp and
text: collapses into Marlon’s arms, sobbing.
speaker_heading: MERYL
dialog: (distraught)
dialog: How can anyone expect me to carry on
dialog: under these conditions? This
dialog: is...unprofessional.
scene_heading: EXT. UNFINISHED BRIDGE. NIGHT. 97
text: MARLON and TRUMAN, both nursing bottles of beer, sit on the
text: end of the unfinished bridge.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I don't know what to think, Marlon.
dialog: Maybe I'm going out of my mind, but I
dialog: get the feeling that the world revolves
dialog: around me somehow.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: It’s a lot of world for one man. You sure
dialog: that’s not wishful thinking, you wishing
dialog: you'd made something more of yourself?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 67
speaker_heading: 97 CONTINUED: 97
speaker_heading: MARLON (cont'd)
dialog: Christ, Truman, who hasn‘t sat on the John
dialog: and had an imaginary interview on
dialog: "Seahaven Tonight"? Who hasn‘t wanted to
dialog: be somebody?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: This is different. Everybody seems to be
dialog: in on it.
text: Marlon looks around as if drawing inspiration from somewhere
text: in the night.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Tru, we've known each other since before
dialog: we were in long pants. The only way we
dialog: ever made it through high school was
dialog: cheating off each other’s test papers.
dialog: Jesus, they were identical. I always
dialog: liked that, because whatever the answer
dialog: was--
text: Truman chimes in, nodding fondly at the-memory.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN & MARLON
dialog: --we were right together and we were
dialog: wrong together.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: The only night either of us ever spent
dialog: in jail, we spent together and I wet
dialog: myself but you never told anyone. I was
dialog: best man at your wedding and my brother
dialog: was best man at my wedding and you didn’t
dialog: talk to me for a month over that and I
dialog: didn’t blame you because you’ve been more
dialog: of a brother to me than he’s ever been.
text: Truman is slowly coming around - Marlon’s speech from the
text: heart soothing away his pain.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: I know things haven't worked out for
dialog: either of us like we used to sit up on
dialog: Monroe Avenue all night and dream they
dialog: would. We all let opportunities pass us
dialog: by. None of us asks for the dance as
dialog: often as we should. I know that feeling
text: when it’s like everything's slipping away
dialog: and you don’t want to believe it so you
dialog: look for answers someplace else. But,
dialog: well, the point is, I would gladly step
dialog: in front of traffic for you.
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 68
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 98
text: CHRISTOF stares intently into camera, holding his distinctive
text: earpiece to his head. Beside him, his ever-present assistant,
speaker_heading: CHLOE.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (hushed tones)
dialog: And the last thing I'd ever do is lie
dialog: to you.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY. NIGHT. 99
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (staring into Truman’s eyes)
dialog: And the last thing I’d ever do is lie to you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Think about it, Truman, if everybody’s
dialog: in on it, I’d have to be in on it too.
dialog: I’m not in on it, because there is no it.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: So what are you saying, Marlon, the whole
dialog: thing has been in my head--?
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (meeting his gaze)
dialog: Not the whole thing, Truman. You were
dialog: right about one thing.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN -
dialog: What‘s that?
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: The thing that started all of this.
text: TRUMAN looks up in the direction of MARLON’s gaze. A FIGURE
text: stands at the end of the freeway - a homeless man. It is his
dialog: father, KIRK.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Yes, he survived somehow. He's got quite a
dialog: story to tell.
text: Marlon helps Truman to his feet - Truman still transfixed by
dialog: the figure.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Go to him.
scene_heading: °THE TRUMAN SHOW" 69
scene_heading: 100 %INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 100
text: CHRISTOF continues to direct the action from what is now
text: revealed to be the control room of a television studio.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Go wide, LightCam Eight...
text: In a wide shot, from one of the streetlights lining the
text: empty freeway, we see TRUMAN walking towards his long lost
speaker_heading: FATHER.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: ...CurbCam Twelve...and...cue
dialog: music...Beethoven, Third Symphony, Second
dialog: Movement .
text: Music swells. Kirk and Truman embrace in the middle of the
text: freeway. Truman takes his father’s ring from his own
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: ...RingCam...
text: We see a close up of Kirk from the ring's POV. Truman places
text: the ring in the palm of his father’s hand.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: «..ButtonCam Three...
text: We see a close up of Truman from a camera on Kirk's coat.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: I never stopped believing.
speaker_heading: KIRK
text: (gazing at the ring, then up
dialog: to Truman’s face)
dialog: Thank you...my son.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: And wide...
text: SIMEON looks to his director.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: Close up?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
text: (staring intently at his
dialog: monitor} ~
dialog: No, hold back...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
scene_heading: . “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 70
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 100
text: The CREW watches Kirk and Truman embrace.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: All those years, wasted.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: We have a lot of years ahead.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 101
text: CHRISTOF allows himself a smile of satisfaction.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: And fade up music...now go in close...
text: As a tight two-shot of father and son fills the screen, the
text: orchestra swells with triumphant music.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY. NIGHT. 102
text: FATHER and SON remain in the embrace. Over Truman’s shoulder,
text: we see a flash of guilt flicker across MARLON’s face.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 103
text: CHRISTOF, emotionally drained by the events, slumps in his
text: chair. CHLOE rests a supportive hand on his shoulder. The head
text: of the network, MOSES, a man in his seventies, enters with his
text: young assistant, ROMAN - their faces full of admiration.
speaker_heading: MOSES
dialog: Well done. Well done, everyone.
scene_heading: INT. A BEDROOM SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 104
text: A YOUNG WOMAN reclines on a bed, her back against the wali.
text: Propped up on her knees is a book. However, she’s not
text: reading but staring straight into camera - a look of profound
text: sadness on her face, It is SYLVIA.
text: From her point-of-view, we see a portable television set on a
text: table at the foot of the bed.
text: On the television is a live picture of TRUMAN - the first
text: time we have seen him on a television screen. He is sitting
text: at his kitchen table, unaware of the cameras recording him.
text: The shot is static. He just sits there in silence, a
text: steaming cup of cocoa in front of him and a plate of
dialog: untouched cookies.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 71
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 104
text: At one point, a sponsor‘s border appears on the screen,
text: tastefully framing the “action”, with the message, “MOCOCOA -
text: Cocoa beans from the upper slopes of Mount Nicaragua”. After
text: several seconds the border disappears.
text: Suddenly, the live picture of Truman shrinks into a window on
text: the screen to accommodate a title sequence that begins to
text: play around the edge of the image. "The Truman Show" theme
text: music begins.
text: The camera cranes up and over the Hollywood sign, the
text: flatlands of Burbank stretching into the distance.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (VO)
dialog: From the network that never sleeps -
text: broadcasting live and unedited 24 hours a
dialog: day, 7 days a week, around the globe...
text: During this continuous aerial shot, overlapping scenes from
text: Truman’s life appear in chronological order, from infancy to
text: adolescence and finally adulthood. Photographs of leading
text: CAST MEMBERS also appear in individual frames.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (VO)
text: ...with Hannah Gill as Meryl Burbank,
dialog: Louis Coltrane as Marlon, Alanis Montclair
text: as Mother, re-introducing Walter Moore as
dialog: her husband, Kirk...
text: The music swells as the camera approaches a mammoth structure at
text: the base of the mountains - a dome so vast it dwarfs everything
text: around it. At the top of the dome is a huge painting of Truman's
text: face encircled by satellite dishes - inside each dish is a single
scene_heading: letter spelling out, T-H-E T-R-U-M-A-N S-H-O-W - a banner
text: proclaims, "30th Great Year".
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (VO)
dialog: ...and Truman Burbank as Himself, taped
text: in the world's largest studio, one of
text: only two man-made structures visible from
dialog: space, comes the longest running
dialog: documentary soap opera in history, now in
dialog: its 30th great year - "The Truman Show"!
text: The camera rushes towards the outside wall of the gigantic dome
text: bathed in sunlight. When we emerge on the other side, it is
text: night. The camera cranes up from a calm, moonlit ocean to the
text: nightsky above. As we near the crescent-shaped moon, we
text: discover that it is actually a window overlooking Seahaven.
text: Standing in the "crater" window is the suited CHRISTOF.
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 72
scene_heading: 105 INT. LUNAR STUDIO. NIGHT. 105
text: Pulling back from the window we reveal an INTERVIEWER, mid-
text: forties, conservative suit and hair. A large television
text: shows a live picture of Truman, immersed in his book.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: I'm your host, Mike Michaelson, coming to
dialog: you live from the Lunar Room on the 121st
text: story of the OmniCam Ecosphere, 2800 feet
text: above Seahaven Island. Tonight, a
dialog: special edition of “Tru Talk”, the forum
dialog: where we discuss and analyze recent
dialog: events on the show. We are honored to
dialog: bring you a rare and exclusive interview
dialog: with the show's conceiver, creator, tele-
dialog: visionary, the Man-In-The-Moon himself--
dialog: Christof.
dialog: (referring to the image of
dialog: Truman between them)
dialog: I remind viewers that as "The Truman Show" is
dialog: a living history, it is our practice to keep
text: the image of Truman on screen at all times.
text: A TITLE APPEARS: Due to the live and unedited nature of the
dialog: program, viewer discretion is advised.
text: The Interviewer turns to Christof.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: Welcome.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: The catalyst for the recent dramatic
dialog: events was of course Truman's father,
text: Kirk, and his infiltration onto the show.
dialog: Before we discuss that, it’s worth
dialog: reminding viewers that this isn’t the
dialog: first time someone from the outside world
dialog: has tried to reach Truman.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: We have had our close calls in the past.
text: Behind the two men, the constantly playing image of Truman
text: engrossed in his book is relegated to a window on the screen.
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
scene_heading: “TRE TRUMAN SHOW" 73
scene_heading: PLAYBACK ~ INT. TRUMAN'S HOME. CHRISTMAS MORNING. 106
text: TRUMAN, 7, is opening presents under the tree - KIRK and
text: MOTHER proudly looking on.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: Who can forget the infamous “Christmas
dialog: Present” incident in the seventh season?
text: Suddenly, a small MAN bursts from a large, Christmas parcel.
text: Kirk and the man grapple on the floor in front of the stunned
text: seven-year-old. Kirk drags him away.
scene_heading: PLAYBACK - EXT. CITY STREET. DAY. 107
text: As the adult TRUMAN makes his way to work, a PARACHUTIST drops
text: from the sky into the main street, only yards behind him.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: And only last summer “Billie Blackbird”
text: made his third attempt, leaping from a
text: lighting gantry.
text: The parachutist is dressed entirely in black with a message
text: emblazoned on his chest, "TRUMAN, YOU'RE ON TV." COMMUTERS
text: grab the man and drag him away - Truman blissfully unaware of
dialog: the incident.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (dismissive)
dialog: These people have their own agendas.
dialog: Many just want to be on television
dialog: themselves.
scene_heading: PLAYBACK - EXT. CITY STREET. DAY. 108
text: The encounter between TRUMAN and the homeless KIRK is
text: replayed up to the point where Kirk is bundled onto the bus.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: Of course, there has never been anything
dialog: to compare with this - the first time an
dialog: intruder has been a former cast member--
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: --a dead one at that.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: --and certainly the first time that an
text: intruder has been rewarded with a
dialog: starring role.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: so
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: “THE TRUMAN SHOW"
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER (cont'd)
dialog: (gushing)
dialog: I really must congratulate you on writing
text: Kirk back in. A master stroke.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: {feigning modesty)
dialog: Since Kirk started this whole crisis in
dialog: Truman’s life, I came to the conclusion
dialog: that he was the only one who could end it.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: I understand he's hardly had a life of
dialog: his own since he left the show. How did
dialog: you convince him--was it the opportunity
dialog: to be close to Truman again?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: That and a fat, new contract.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: How do you intend to explain his twenty-
dialog: two year absence?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Amnesia.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: (impressed, nodding in
dialog: agreement)
dialog: Of course.
text: The Interviewer consults his notes.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: Let's talk ratings. “Truman” has always
dialog: enjoyed top ten status but the huge surge
dialog: over the last few days--how do you hope
dialog: to sustain that audience now that Truman
dialog: appears to have reconciled himself?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: As you know ratings have never been our
dialog: primary goal. I imagine we'll lose those
text: voyeurs only interested in witnessing
dialog: Truman’s latest torment. However, I’m
dialog: certain that our core audience will
dialog: remain loyal.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: But recent events have been so dramatic,
dialog: it does raise the perennial question.
dialog: What keeps us watching this one man
dialog: twenty-four hours a day - eating,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 75
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 108
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER (cont'd)
text: sleeping, working, sitting for hours in
dialog: contemplation?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: It has to be the reality.
text: During this segment, we cut to a cross-section of VIEWERS -
text: the WAITRESS and BARMAN in the bar, the TWO OLD WOMEN on
text: their sofa, the TWO SECURITY GUARDS and the MAN in the bath -
text: listening to Christof’s theories on their viewing habits.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: We've become tired of watching actors give
text: us phony emotions, bored with pyrotechnics
dialog: and special effects. While the world he
dialog: inhabits is counterfeit, there’s nothing
dialog: fake about Truman himself. No scripts, no
dialog: cue cards. It’s not always Shakespeare
dialog: but it’s genuine. That’s how he can
dialog: support an entire channel.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: A window onto the human condition?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: I prefer to think of it as a mirror.
text: At that moment, Truman - still live on the screen -
text: unwittingly punctuates the pretentious remark with a belch.
text: Christof and the Interviewer try not to notice.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Not only does he give us a glimpse of the
dialog: truth, he gives us a glimpse of ourselves.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: But how do you account for the popularity of
dialog: those eight hours a day when Truman sleeps?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: We find many viewers leave him on all
dialog: night for comfort. Haven’t you ever
dialog: watched your child or your lover sleep?
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: Let's go to some of those viewers’ calls.
text: The Interviewer presses a blinking, illuminated button on his
text: desk's high-tech phone terminal. During this segment,
text: various windows open on the screen advertising products from
dialog: the "Truman" catalogue.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED:
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 76
dialog: {3) 108
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: Charlotte, North Carolina, for Christof.
speaker_heading: MALE CALLER 1
speaker_heading: (O.S.)
dialog: (filtered, from speaker phone)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: You're on, Caller. Go ahead.
speaker_heading: MALE CALLER 1
dialog: Christof, it’s a great honor to speak
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MALE CALLER 1
dialog: How much of a strain has the last few
dialog: days placed on the actors?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Working on “Truman” has always been a
dialog: huge commitment for an actor, not just in
dialog: terms of separation from friends and
dialog: family, but since Truman essentially
text: drives the plot, it is a never-ending
dialog: improvisation - witness Marlon'’s
dialog: extraordinary performance in the recent
dialog: "Father And Son Reunion" episode.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: {cutting off the call)
dialog: Are we talking Emmies?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Certainly a nomination.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: Of course, Truman has always been very
dialog: much in on casting.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: As with our own lives, the only people he
dialog: can’t cast are his family. Otherwise he
dialog: has final approval, able to elevate an
dialog: extra into a lead role as was the case
dialog: with his only real friend, Marlon, or
dialog: alternatively relegate a star to a bit
dialog: player. ~
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 77
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED: (4) 108
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: (pressing another line)
dialog: Istanbul, Turkey, you’‘re on with master
dialog: videographer, Christof.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CALLER 1
speaker_heading: (O.C.)
dialog: Christof, I’ve admired your work my whole
dialog: life, although I can’t say I’ve seen it all.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Who can?
speaker_heading: FEMALE CALLER 1
dialog: Can you settle an argument for me?
dialog: What’s the longest time Truman has been
dialog: off-camera?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (trace of pride)
text: In his entire life, forty-two minutes. A
dialog: technical fault in the twelfth season
dialog: accounts for most of that time. The
dialog: remainder generally results from
dialog: blindspots, in the early days, when
dialog: Truman would stray out of range of our
dialog: cameras.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: We should remind viewers that Truman,
dialog: especially as a child, presented a
dialog: challenge for the production.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: {turning to the screen)
dialog: Let me demonstrate with some examples.
text: Footage of TRUMAN as a baby appears on the screen - as a
text: newborn INFANT, held in a pair of anonymous latex-gloved
text: hands, and as a TODDLER, dressed in various baby outfits - on
text: one occasion looking through the bars of his crib.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: He was curious from birth - premature by
text: two weeks, as if he couldn’t wait to get
dialog: started.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: Of course, his eagerness to leave his
dialog: mother’s womb also meant he was the one
dialog: selected.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED:
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 78
dialog: (5) 108
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (enthusing)
dialog: In competition with five other unwanted
dialog: pregnancies - the casting of a show
dialog: determined by an air date - he was the
text: one who arrived on cue.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: Who knew that a show originally meant to
dialog: last one year - "Bringing Up Baby" -
dialog: would turn into a "cradle to grave"
text: concept. He is in fact the first child
dialog: in the world to be legally adopted by a
dialog: corporation.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: That's correct.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: And the show now generates a yearly
dialog: income equivalent to the gross national
dialog: product of a small country.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: People forget it takes the population of
dialog: an entire country to keep the show
dialog: running.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: I believe your own shareholding in
dialog: OmniCam is in the order of--
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: --Why is an artist plagued with these
dialog: questions? I've never done this for any
dialog: monetary gain.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: No, of course not.
dialog: (quickly changing the subject)
dialog: And since the show runs 24 hours a day
dialog: with no commercial breaks the staggering
dialog: profits are all generated from product
dialog: placement.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Yes, everything you see on the show is
dialog: for sale - from the actors' wardrobe,
dialog: food products, to the very homes they
dialog: live in--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: "DHE TRUMAN SHOW" 79
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED: (6) 108
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: All products carefully chosen and
dialog: tested by you for quality and
dialog: aesthetic value.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: There's nothing on the show I don't
dialog: use myself.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: And it's all available in the "Truman
dialog: Show" catalogue. Operators are
text: standing by.
text: Christof nods.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: Why do you feel that Truman's never
dialog: come close to discovering the true
dialog: nature of his world?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: We accept the reality of the world with
dialog: which we're presented. As the show
dialog: expanded, naturally we were forced to
dialog: manufacture ways to keep Truman in
dialog: Seahaven - demonstrating that every
text: venture is accompanied by a risk.
text: The SEVEN-YEAR-OLD TRUMAN we have seen in other flashbacks
text: appears on the screen. Wearing a cowboy outfit, he goes to
text: cross the walkway of a bridge when he is suddenly confronted
text: by a savage DOG wearing a spiked collar.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Later, Kirk’s drowning made much of
dialog: this kind of intervention unnecessary.
text: We freeze on seven-year old Truman's terrified face.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: You've never actually met Truman,
dialog: yourself. Never thought about doing a
dialog: cameo -- playing a veterinarian, or a
dialog: priest, something like that?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: I've been tempted. But I think it's
dialog: important to retain objectivity. I
dialog: wouldn't want to get emotionally
dialog: caught up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED:
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" i)
dialog: (7) 108
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: The Hague for Christof...The
dialog: Hague?...lost them.
dialog: (pressing another line)
dialog: Hollywood, California, you're on “Tru Talk”.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CALLER 2 (0.S.)
dialog: How can you say he lives a life like
dialog: any other?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (sensing the thinly
dialog: disguised resentment in the
dialog: Caller’s voice)
dialog: As the Bard says, "All the world's a
dialog: stage, and all the men and women merely
dialog: players." The only difference between
dialog: Truman and ourselves is that his life is
text: more thoroughly documented. He is
text: confronted with the same obstacles and
dialog: influences that confront us all. He
dialog: plays his allotted roles as we all do--
speaker_heading: FEMALE CALLER 2
dialog: --He’s not a performer. He's a prisoner.
text: The Interviewer goes to cut off the call, but Christof stops him.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (rising to the challenge)
dialog: And can you tell me, caller, that you're
dialog: not a player on the stage of life -
dialog: playing out your allotted role? He can
dialog: leave at any time. If his was more than
dialog: just a vague ambition, if he were
dialog: absolutely determined to discover the
dialog: truth, there’s no way we could prevent
dialog: him. I think what really distresses you,
dialog: Caller, is that ultimately Truman prefers
dialog: the comfort of his "cell" as you call it.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CALLER 2
dialog: (as if trying to convince
dialog: herself, giving herself away)
dialog: --No, you're wrong! He’ll prove you
dialog: wrong! He can still do it!
text: The Interviewer hangs up on the caller.
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: 109A
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 81
scene_heading: INT. A BEDROOM SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 109
text: In a darkly lit room, we see SYLVIA. It is she who is the
text: confrontational Caller - phone still in her hand.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (from the television)
dialog: We’ve learnt about life as Truman has
dialog: and, despite the complaints of a
dialog: minority, it’s been an overwhelmingly
dialog: positive experience, for Truman and for
dialog: the viewing public.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: Let’s take another call.
dialog: (pressing a line)
dialog: London, England you’re on “Tru Talk".
speaker_heading: MALE CALLER 2
speaker_heading: (O.S.)
dialog: Christof? Congratulations on the way you've
dialog: always handled Truman's "sex"-life - the
text: classical music, soft lighting and so on.
dialog: But has the recent violence caused a problem
dialog: for the show’s sponsors?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: The sponsors know the risks going in,
dialog: although we do try to maintain standards
dialog: - a level of decorum. For instance, I‘ve
dialog: never put a camera in the toilet.
text: Still in silhouette, SYLVIA turns down the volume on the
text: television. Focusing on the window on the screen that
text: displays TRUMAN, she comes close to the screen, catching his
text: melancholy, saddened by his regression.
scene_heading: INT. TRUMAN'S BASEMENT. MORNING. 109A
text: TRUMAN breathes in the scent of Sylvia’s sweater one last
text: time before reluctantly replacing it in the trunk, together
dialog: with his book, "To The Ends Of The Earth - The Age Of
text: Exploration". For a final time, he regards his unfinished
text: picture of SYLVIA inside - two holes where the eyes should
text: be. As he does so, he finds two lost paper cuttings - a pair
text: of eyes on the basement floor. He tries them. Ironically
text: they fit - the picture completed. He closes the trunk
text: anyway. With a sense of finality, he fastens the lock.
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
speaker_heading: 111A
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 82
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 110
text: The giant ON-AIR monitor in the control room plays a closeup
text: shot of Truman sleeping.
text: CHRISTOF comes close to the monitor and almost touches the
text: screen. As he does so, Truman twitches in his sleep.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM. MORNING. i111
text: TRUMAN wipes the mist from the mirror of the bathroom cabinet
text: and stares into it in a way he has never done before.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. MORNING. 111A
text: Close up on the giant ON-AIR monitor in the control room.
text: It displays a wide shot of Truman staring into the bathroom
dialog: mirror.
text: We slowly pull back to reveal SIMEON and the other VIDEO
text: OPERATORS sitting at the mixing desks arranged in tiers
text: reminiscent of an auditorium or NASA's Mission Control.
text: Each mixing desk contains a dozen-or-so built-in monitors
dialog: and is designated with a location such as “Truman's House
text: - Interior", "Truman's Office - Cubicle", "Tyrone's Deli".
text: The operator at each desk, sitting in a swivel chair and
text: wearing the slimmest of heatsets, is responsible for
dialog: monitoring a particular location.
text: The monitors cover virtually every facet of Truman's life.
text: Camera angles from the interior of Truman’s house, his
text: backyard, car, office, the deli he frequents, the seashore
text: to which he is drawn, the unfinished bridge where he golfs
text: with Marlon - many of the locations strangely devoid of
dialog: people.
text: Simeon, seated in the front row of mixing desks, stares back
text: at Truman's image on the monitor, slightly unnerved.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: (to a nearby COLLEAGUE)
dialog: Is he looking at us?
text: As if to reassure the technician, Truman begins one of his
text: familiar monologues. He talks to the mirror as if being
dialog: interviewed.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: --What are my plans now? Well, next I'm
text: thinking of tackling the Yuba River in an
text: authentic canoe from the Algonquin tribe.
speaker_heading: {MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 83
speaker_heading: 111A CONTINUED: 111A
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
speaker_heading: TRUMAN (cont'd)
dialog: -- I'm talking about the north fork, a
dialog: class five rapid - only I'm not going
dialog: down the Yuba, I'm going up. Do you
dialog: honestly think for one minute I'd go back
dialog: to some dreary office to rubber stamp
dialog: meaningless documents...do you?
speaker_heading: MERYL (0.C.)
dialog: --Truman, you're gonna be late!
text: Truman sighs as he exits the bathroom.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. MORNING. 112
text: TRUMAN exchanges a cheery greeting with SPENCER.
speaker_heading: SPENCER
dialog: How are ya, Truman?
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Inhale...exhale...same old thing.
text: He waves to the WASHINGTONS across the street. He pets
dialog: PLUTO the dog.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE. DAY. 113
text: Back at work at the insurance company, TRUMAN sits in his
text: cubicle making another of his cold calls.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
text: --a forty-two year old woman sitting in
dialog: the second row at an amateur production
text: of Hamlet, Hamlet's dagger slips from his
text: hand and flies into the audience...
text: A YOUNG WOMAN, carrying a stack of files, catches Truman’s eye
text: as she passes. VIVIAN. She is faintly reminiscent of Sylvia
text: at the same age - even wearing a similar sweater.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (returning to his call)
dialog: --what I'm saying is, life is a fragile
dialog: thing. ..hullo?
scene_heading: EXT. TRUMAN'S BACKYARD. DUSK. 114
text: TRUMAN wheels his lawnmower, deliberately averting his eyes
text: from the back of the house. Staring out of the kitchen
text: window, a tall glass of iced tea in her hand, MERYL has been
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
scene_heading: : "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 84
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 114
text: anticipating her husband’s appearance. She wears a
dialog: neckbrace, we sense more as a reminder to Truman than for any
dialog: medical benefit she might derive.
text: Feeling Meryl’s eyes burning into his back, Truman fires up
text: the mower and heads directly towards the symbolically uncut
text: section of grass. We focus on the errant blades of grass as
text: they are severed by the mower - a new Elk Rotary. The lawn
text: is now uniformly trimmed - Truman's final act of defiance
dialog: laid to rest.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO - CONFERENCE ROOM. NIGHT. 115
text: CHRISTOF stands at a large, specially screened window,
text: silhouetted against the twinkling stars and full moon of a
dialog: hyper-real nightsky.
text: Members of the cast enter the room - principal characters in
scene_heading: Truman's life - MERYL, MARLON, MOTHER, KIRK, TYRONE, LAWRENCE
text: and the new actress, VIVIAN. They take their places around a
text: long, oval table for a story conference - Vivian sitting
text: slightly apart from the rest of the cast.
text: We glimpse over Christof’s shoulder at what he sees - the
text: town of Seahaven far below, bathed in moonlight. He comes
text: out of his reverie and joins his cast, sitting at the head of
text: the table. In front of him, a TV "tablet" plays silently -
text: showing Truman drinking a glass of milk in his kitchen.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (to the assembled cast)
dialog: First of all, I'd like to welcome Walter
text: back onto the show.
dialog: (nods in Kirk’s direction)
dialog: You may have done us more of a favor than
dialog: you ever imagined.
text: (turning to Meryl, using her
dialog: real name)
dialog: Regrettably, I also have to inform you
dialog: that Hannah has chosen not to renew her
dialog: contract.
text: All eyes turn to Meryl. She looks at the floor.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: I'm sure we can all respect her reasons.
text: Meryl receives a sympathetic squeeze of the hand from her co-
text: star Marlon, now out of wardrobe, wearing an Armani suit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: os.
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 65
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: 115
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: As you all know, we have already begun to
text: orchestrate her break-up from Truman.
dialog: (more up-beat)
dialog: However, on a more optimistic note, I‘m
dialog: pleased to announce that television’s
dialog: first on-air conception will still take
dialog: place. You witnessed the initial contact
dialog: this morning.
dialog: (glancing to Vivien, once
dialog: again using her real name)
dialog: You all know Claudia from her work in
dialog: theatre.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I loved your Ophelia.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Why thank you.
text: The rest of the cast nod politely in Claudia’s direction.
text: CHLOE passes out a bound document to each cast member.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (referring to the documents)
text: This is a copy of Claudia’s back story.
text: Her character’s name is "Vivien".
text: The cast idly flips through the documents, prominently
text: stamped on the cover, "NOT TO BE TAKEN ON SET”.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: We intend to entice Truman into the affair
dialog: as soon as possible. Claudia will make a
dialog: pass at the insurance seminar Truman's
dialog: attending. Details are in your schedules.
dialog: (pause for effect)
dialog: I don’t have to tell you how critical the
dialog: next few weeks will be. This takes us
dialog: into the next generation. When Truman‘’s
dialog: child is born, the network will be ©
dialog: switching to a two-channel format to
dialog: chronicle both lives.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: What happens when Truman and the baby are
dialog: both on camera together?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: There will simply be duplicate coverage.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
scene_heading: “TEE TRUMAN SHOW" 86
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 115
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: (mischievous)
dialog: Let's just hope we don’t have twins.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (uncharacteristically
dialog: flippant)
dialog: When Truman dies do we go back to the
dialog: single channel?
text: The cast turns in his direction. Christof shoots him a
text: disapproving look.
scene_heading: INT. TRUMAN’S BASEMENT. NIGHT. 116
text: TRUMAN sleeps on a cot bed in his basement - more cluttered
text: than usual. A virtual bombsite - dozens of cardboard boxes
text: stacked everywhere. Although he is covered in bedding, his
text: sock-clad feet stick out of the bed covers. The outline of
text: his body is still clearly visible. He snores quietly.
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS VIEWER LOCATIONS. NIGHT. 117
text: The TWO OLD LADIES have nodded off on their sofa in front of
text: the television, their breathing and occasional snores echo
dialog: those of Truman.
text: In the BAR, the WAITRESS - normally an avid viewer - only idly
text: glances to the screen as she passes with a tray of drinks.
text: The MAN in the bath resignedly lets the water out of the tub
text: and goes to get out.
text: The MOTHER only occasionally glances to the screen as she
text: feeds her BABY. Her DAUGHTER has her eyes closed, bopping to
dialog: her Walkman.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 118
text: SIMEON sits at his control desk, directing the "night-shift".
text: He pays scant attention to the big screen, giving his
text: instructions in a lethargic, metronomic manner.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: ...Ready two. Go to two.
text: An OPERATOR, eating a slice of pizza, presses one of the
text: illuminated buttons on the panel and the camera angle changes
text: to a close shot of Truman’s covered head. The camera stays on
text: the blanketed head for a long moment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 87
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 118
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: And back to the medium...
text: Another button is pressed and the angle changed. A trace of
text: frustration is evident in the control room. Recording a
dialog: sleeping subject is unrewarding enough without also having to
text: contend with Truman’s recently acquired camera-shyness.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: ...and wide...
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: (aside to Simeon)
dialog: What a loser.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: Who cares? Makes life easier for us.
dialog: He is what he is.
text: At the far end of the control room, one of the large double doors
text: opens and CHRISTOF enters, dressed in a smoking jacket. Simeon and
text: the Operators subtly straighten in their chairs. Christof pretends
text: not to notice. He is staring intently at the ON-AIR monitor.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Why is he in the basement?
speaker_heading: SIMEON
text: He moved down there after Meryl packed up
dialog: and left.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Why wasn't I told? Any unpredictable
dialog: behavior has to be reported.
dialog: {returning to the screen)
dialog: Is that the best shot we can get?
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: What's to see?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: What’s on the ClockCam?
text: The operator punches up the camera hidden inside a broken
text: cuckoo clock. A box obscures the view.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
text: There's an obstruction.
text: Christof watches Truman, a trace of concern in his eyes.
speaker_heading: CHLOE enters.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED)
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 88
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: (2) 118
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (referring to the debris in
dialog: Truman‘s basement)
dialog: What happened down there?
speaker_heading: SIMEON
text: He was tidying up his garbage.
dialog: (sensing Christof’s concern)
dialog: I was going to call you. But half-way
text: through, he gave up and fell asleep.
text: Apparently satisfied, Christof turns to an Operator.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: I want to check the set-ups for
dialog: tomorrow's insurance convention.
text: Reading off the notes in Chloe's folder, the Operator punches up
text: a batch of camera angles on smaller preview monitors. They show
text: a generic-looking hotel, devoid of actors. A banner in reception
dialog: reads, “Welcome Seahaven Life and Accident”.
text: The Operator looks to Christof for approval and realizes his
text: producer's attention has wandered. Christof has wandered
text: down to the front of the room to stand beside the giant ON-
text: AIR monitor still displaying the sleeping figure of Truman.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Give me a shot from Truman’s ring.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: He gave it back to his father.
text: Christof nods.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (a trace of concern)
dialog: Why is he so still?
text: Christof picks up a spare headset from the panel and puts it
text: to his ear.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Isolate the audio.
text: An operator pushes up an audio fader on the panel. Christof
text: and his colleagues listen to Truman’s steady breathing in
dialog: their headphones.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: (shrugs)
text: He's still breathing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 89
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 118
text: Simeon and the Operators nod, reassured that nothing is
text: amiss. Christof is not so easily convinced.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Give me a preview. An ECU on his torso.
text: A camera hidden in the room's lamp zooms in to Truman’s prone
text: outline. While the breathing remains steady, the body does
text: not rise and fall. Christof, still listening to his
text: headphones, detects a faint scratching sound followed by a
text: strange thud.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: {anxious, barking a command
dialog: to Chloe)
dialog: Phone him.
text: Chloe picks up a phone connected to the desk and dials.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: {anticipating Chloe’s
dialog: question)
dialog: Tell him it’s a wrong number.
text: The upstairs phone begins to ring. Truman doesn’t flinch.
scene_heading: INT. AN OFFICE BUILDING SOMEWHERE - RECEPTION. NIGHT. 119
text: The TWO SECURITY GUARDS are intrigued by Truman’s unanswered
text: phone on their television set.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 120
text: CHRISTOF and SIMEON concentrate on another, separate monitor
text: playing in fast-rewind, time code in the bottom right-hand
text: corner. It is a recording of the night‘s transmission.
text: Simeon pauses on the last on-camera appearance by Truman.
text: They watch Truman, on-screen, switch off the basement light
text: and climb into the cot bed fully clothed, immediately pulling
text: the covers over his head. As the light is switched off, the
text: recording camera automatically switches to night vision.
text: Simeon continues to play at normal speed, now and then
text: scrolling forward in fast-forward mode. Christof suddenly
text: points to the screen.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: There. Freeze...Zoom into the chair...
text: Simeon types the appropriate command.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 90
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 120
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Enhance. ..there!
text: On the blown-up screen, between a cardboard box and a chair
text: leg, it is barely possible to make out Truman’s hand as he
text: crawls commando-style from beneath the covers and behind a
text: cardboard box near the large tool cupboard.
text: Simeon points out an angle of the empty staircase.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
text: He hasn't gone up the stairs. He's still
text: in the room.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUMAN’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 121
text: MARLON's car squeals to a halt outside Truman’s house.
text: Hurriedly dressed in jeans and coat over a bare chest, he
text: dashes barefoot up the porch to the front door. He tries the
text: doorhandle, pounds on the door and rings the doorbell
text: simultaneously, shouting Truman's name all the while.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Tru!..Tru!..Earthquake alert...flood!
dialog: We've gotta get outside onto the
dialog: street! Tru?!
text: Frustrated, Marlon picks up one of Meryl’s carefully nurtured
text: flower pots from beneath the porch window.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (shouting a warning)
dialog: I’m coming in, Tru!
text: Marlon hurls the flower pot through the window.
scene_heading: INT. TRUMAN‘S HOUSE - BASEMENT. NIGHT. 122
text: MARLON switches on the light and clambers down the wooden
text: stairs to the basement.
text: He pushes away the clutter and finally stands at his co-star’s
text: bedside. He gingerly lifts the covers. Beneath the bedding,
text: clothes have been carefully piled to resemble a sleeping
text: figure - socks placed on the end of two tree branches.
text: Buried amongst the clothes is Truman’s portable tape recorder.
text: Marlon places the recorder next to his ear. The cassette plays
text: the sound of TRUMAN BREATHING.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
speaker_heading: 124A
dialog: 125
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 91
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 123
text: CHRISTOF stares, wide-eyed, at the image on the On-Air
text: monitor of MARLON.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Find him, Marlon!
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT. NIGHT. 124
text: MARLON starts frantically pushing aside the clutter, sending
text: Truman's model ships and other hobbies crashing to the floor.
text: Eliminating all other possible hiding places, he confronts
text: Truman's tool closet, the wall map of the Fiji Islands still
text: hanging on the door. Marlon rips open the door and is hit
text: with a shaft of light - moonlight.
text: The top of the closet has been removed and a crude tunnel
text: containing a ladder heads almost directly upwards to the
text: outside of the house. The bottom of the closet is ankle deep
text: with dirt. Embedded in the tunnel wall-is Meryl's Chef's
text: Mate - Truman's digging implement.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUMAN'S HOUSE. NIGHT. 124a
text: MARLON's head pops up outside the house. Unable to help
text: himself, Marlon looks directly into a wide shot camera
text: concealed in a streetlight.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 125
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Marlon, don’t look at the camera!
dialog: Say something!
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: (to streetlight, stunned,
dialog: breaking the fourth wall)
dialog: What? He’s gone!
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: {to Simeon, quiet but firm)
dialog: Cut transmission.
text: Simeon hesitates, unsure if he has heard correctly. He looks
text: to Christof for confirmation, his finger poised over an
text: “EMERGENCY” button.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 92
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 125
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (enraged)
dialog: I said, “Cut!”
text: Christof lunges forward and presses the button himself. The
text: scene in Truman’s bedroom playing on the on-air monitor is
text: abruptly replaced by the “TRUMAN” logo and the message,
scene_heading: “TECHNICAL FAULT. PLEASE STAND BY.”
scene_heading: INT. A LIVING ROOM SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 126
text: The TWO OLD WOMEN on the sofa are stunned to see their TV
text: screen go blank.
scene_heading: INT. A BAR SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 127
text: HEADS also turn in the bar permanently tuned to the "Truman"
dialog: channel.
scene_heading: INT. AN APARTMENT SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 128
text: The other loyal viewer transfixed by the test card is SYLVIA,
text: alone in her darkened apartment.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 129
text: Reminiscent of a military headquarters in wartime, the
text: control room is a scene of barely controlled panic. SECURITY
text: GUARDS come and go, phones ring, lights flash, every
text: available VIDEO MIXER is working. The monitors - the “eyes”
text: of the searchers - are systematically scrutinized for any
text: sign of Truman. CHRISTOF orchestrates operations from his
text: position at the center of the control panel.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: {nervous)
dialog: We've declared a curfew. Everyone else
text: is at first positions.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: All prop cars accounted for?
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: He has to be on foot. He has the
text: world’s most recognizable face. He
dialog: can’t disappear.
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 93
scene_heading: EXT. SEAHAVEN - MAIN STREET. NIGHT. 130
text: We pan down one empty street after another. The town center is
text: totally, eerily deserted. Suddenly, a line of PEOPLE comes
text: around the corner, fanned out across the street - a man-hunt.
text: PEOPLE of every description, shoulder to shoulder, marching
text: down the otherwise empty streets the way a search is
text: conducted at a crime scene. The lines include PRINCIPALS and
text: EXTRAS linked arm in arm, wardrobed for their usual roles as
scene_heading: EXECUTIVES and SECRETARIES, STORE CLERKS, TELEPHONISTS,
scene_heading: MAINTENANCE and CONSTRUCTION WORKERS, WAITERS and WAITRESSES,
scene_heading: COOKS, SHOPPERS, HEALTH WORKERS, SECURITY GUARDS, POSTAL
text: WORKERS, POLICE OFFICERS, FIRE FIGHTERS and HOMELESS PEOPLE.
text: We occasionally glimpse Truman’s friends and colleagues
text: amongst the searchers - MARLON, LAWRENCE, MOTHER & KIRK,
text: VIVIEN and TYRONE. Even the WASHINGTON’s and SPENCER and
text: PLUTO have joined the search - a snarling Pluto straining at
text: the leash has now assumed the role of tracker dog - Truman’s
text: pajamas waved in front of his nose (clearly miscast as the
dialog: friendly, neighborhood pooch). :
text: Searchlights from Seahaven's many towers sweep the town.
text: Once, the light falls on a blackened face cowering in the
text: bushes beside a picket fence - the fence now faintly
text: reminiscent of prison bars. Even the beam of the full moon
text: appears to be sweeping the town like a searchlight.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE. NIGHT. 131
text: Barriers have been erected at the bridge leading out of
text: Seahaven, guarded by several Seahaven police cars.
text: An extra dressed as a DERELICT wheels his shopping cart
text: towards the bridge.
text: The derelict takes a look along the walkway alongside the
text: bridge as if participating in the search. He finds a POLICE
text: OFFICER standing on the walkway.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN OFFICER
dialog: Any sign of him?
speaker_heading: DERELICT
dialog: (gravelly voice)
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Take it easy. ~
speaker_heading: 131A
speaker_heading: 131B
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" a4
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 131A
text: A VIDEO OPERATOR in the sixth row watches the scene on one of
text: his monitors - the derelict standing with his back to camera.
text: Just as the derelict turns towards camera the Operator turns
text: away to take a sip of coffee. He misses what we see on his
text: monitor - the derelict's blackened face belongs to TRUMAN.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE. NIGHT. 131B
text: The disguised TRUMAN heads back to town.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 132
text: CHRISTOF turns to a LIGHTING TECHNICIAN.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: We need more light.
scene_heading: EXT. SEAHAVEN STREETS. NIGHT. 133
text: A building-to-building, floor-to-floor, office-to-office
text: search is also being conducted, each structure secured as
dialog: they go - the SEARCHERS Paying special attention to potential
text: blind spots such as closets, dumpsters, man holes, sewers,
text: car trunks, trees and shrubbery.
text: We focus on one of the waves of searchers. TRUMAN has linked
text: arms in the middle of a row, his disguise still holding up.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 134
text: CHRISTOF glances impatiently at his watch.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: We'll never find him like this. What
dialog: time is it?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: (anticipating the request)
dialog: It‘s too early.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: It doesn't matter. Cue the sun.
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 95
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS. NIGHT/DAY. 135
text: The sun instantly rises over Seahaven. CAST and EXTRAS shade
text: their eyes from the sudden glare.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 136
text: While his COLLEAGUES monitor the bank of screens, CHRISTOF
text: has been joined by the two anxious studio executives, MOSES
speaker_heading: and ROMAN.
speaker_heading: MOSES
dialog: (to Christof who is still
text: studying the faces in a row of
speaker_heading: SEARCHERS )
text: Rumors are circulating he’s dead. The
text: media is in a feeding frenzy. The phone
dialog: lines are jammed. Every network has a
text: pirated shot of Marlon in the closet.
speaker_heading: ROMAN
dialog: {pacing nervously)
dialog: The sponsors are threatening to rip up
dialog: their contracts.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (unconcerned, referring to the
text: static “STAND BY” graphic, now
dialog: accompanied by soothing
dialog: classical music)
dialog: Why? We’re getting higher ratings for
dialog: that graphic than any time in the show's
dialog: history.
scene_heading: INT. BAR. NIGHT. 137
text: The television above the bar carries the test card. PATRONS
text: animatedly discuss Truman's fate over their drinks. Some
text: place bets with each other on Truman’s fate.
scene_heading: EXT. ELECTRONICS STORE. NIGHT. 138
text: A CROWD of passersby hover around a display of televisions in
text: the window of an electronics store, awaiting developments.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 139
text: The fan of EXTRAS reaches the harbor and automatically turns
dialog: to make another sweep.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: "THE TROMAN SHOW" 96
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 139
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: (referring to the empty streets)
dialog: When we flush him out how do we
dialog: explain this?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: We tell him the truth.
text: CHLOE looks askance at CHRISTOF.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (joking darkly)
dialog: We're making a movie.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBORSIDE. DAY. 140
text: TRUMAN has broken away from the line of SEARCHERS.
text: However, as he bypasses the entrance to a ticket box, he
dialog: hasn‘t bargained on coming face to face with another
text: straggler from the search.
text: MARLON. Truman freezes in front of his childhood companion -
text: Marion instantly seeing through Truman’s homeless disguise.
text: Truman glances nervously in the direction of the searchers.
text: Their backs to the two men, they are beginning their next
text: sweep. One shout from Marlon will give Truman away - he is
text: at Marlon’s mercy.
text: Without a word, Marlon walks past Truman and rejoins the search.
text: Truman glances back to Marlon’s retreating figure but Marlon
dialog: never looks back.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKSIDE. DAY. 141
text: TRUMAN reaches the edge of the dock. He looks out over the
text: bay. There, riding at anchor some two hundred yards out, is
text: a sail boat - the same boat that circled Kirk and Truman's
dialog: sail boat many years earlier.
text: We see a close up of Truman’s terrified eyes in his blackened
text: face, staring down at the lapping water. He steels himself,
text: shuts out the doubts and dives into the water.
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 97
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 142
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: I’m sure we'll get him on this next sweep.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: What have we missed?
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: It’s just a matter of time.
text: CHRISTOF concentrates on a monitor displaying a view of
dialog: the harbor.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (to Simeon}
dialog: We’re not watching the sea.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Why would we--
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Sweep the harbor.
text: His COLLEAGUES begin to flick through dozens of waterborne
text: hidden camera shots - in moored craft, lighthouses and buoys
text: - trying to locate Truman.
text: Suddenly on one of the monitors there appears a single sail
text: etched against the horizon.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: That’s got to be him!
speaker_heading: ROMAN
dialog: How can he sail?! He’s in insurance!
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Resume transmission.
text: Simeon punches a button and the image of the sail boat is
text: instantly transferred to the large ON-AIR Monitor.
scene_heading: INT. OLD WOMEN’S APARTMENT. NIGHT. 143
text: The TWO OLD WOMEN doze against each other on the sofa in
text: front of the Tv.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: : "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 98
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 143
text: The classical music on the television is abruptly replaced by
text: the sound of the wind and the sea. One Old Lady blinks her
text: eyes open, her breath taken away by the sight of Truman at
text: the wheel of the sail boat. She rouses her companion.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 144
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
text: (staring intently at the
speaker_heading: ON-AIR monitor)
dialog: What do we have on that boat?
text: SIMEON scans a computer shot list. He types in a code.
text: A camera from the mast of Truman’s sail boat activates. Truman,
text: unaware of the camera, is concentrating on his sailing.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR. DAY. 145
text: By now the ocean spray has washed most of the dirt from
text: TRUMAN’s face - only a residue remains. The rags he wears
dialog: are soaked.
text: As he steers, he occasionally refers to a “HOW TO SAIL” book
text: from his coat pocket.
scene_heading: INT. A BATHROOM SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 146
text: The MAN in the bath we have seen earlier continues to watch
text: from his tub.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I knew he wasn’t dead.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR. DAY. 147
text: TRUMAN is at the wheel of the sail boat, wind filling her sails.
text: Seahaven left far behind, his is the only craft afloat in the
text: harbor. He sets a course for the open sea as he and his
dialog: father did long ago.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 148
text: CHRISTOF and the other PRODUCTION STAFF watch TRUMAN from a
text: buoy’s POV as he sails by.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 99
speaker_heading: 148 CONTINUED: 148
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Get another boat.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: The ferry.
scene_heading: 148A EXT. FERRY TERMINAL. DAY. 148A
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
text: A PRODUCTION ASSISTANT runs down the dock towards the FERRY
text: CAPTAIN and his CREW.
scene_heading: PRODUCTION ASSISTANT
dialog: Get that boat out there!
speaker_heading: FERRY CAPTAIN
dialog: (who also played the bus driver)
dialog: I don't know how. We were just told to
dialog: put on these clothes.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR. DAY. . 149
text: The sea choppier now, rising and falling steeply beneath his
text: boat, TRUMAN nears a large buoy bobbing clumsily in the
text: strong swell. An official-looking sign on the buoy reads -
text: “DANGEROUS WATERS. DO NOT ENTER.” We see an extreme close
text: up of the nautical signpost where a disguised miniature
text: camera tracks Truman's progress.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 150
speaker_heading: ROMAN
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: How do we stop him?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (glancing to Simeon)
dialog: How else?
text: Christof nods to controls on the mixing desk marked, “WIND”
speaker_heading: and “RAIN”.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR. DAY. 152
text: Storm clouds roll towards TRUMAN’s boat at an alarming speed.
text: He looks back towards the Seahaven skyline, rapidly receding
text: behind him. Doubts invade Truman's head but he shuts them
text: out and steers into the teeth of the storm - a look of
text: resolve in his eyes we have never witnessed before.
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
scene_heading: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 100
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT.
dialog: 152
text: MOSES and ROMAN pace at the back of the control room.
text: CHRISTOF is focused on his monitor. Like Truman, he steels
dialog: himself for a fight.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Cue misic...
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: What music?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Storm music...Wagner...
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: (watching the monitor)
text: There's no rescue boat in the area. He
dialog: won’t know what to do.
speaker_heading: MOSES
dialog: (trying to appeal to
dialog: Christof’s sense of reason)
dialog: For God’s sake, Chris. The whole world
dialog: is watching. We can’t let him die in
text: front of a live audience.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
text: He was born in front of a live audience.
dialog: (never taking his eyes from
dialog: the screen)
dialog: Don‘t worry, he’s not willing to risk his
dialog: life. His doubts will turn him back.
text: Simeon reluctantly winds the controls for “WAVE”, “WIND” and
text: “RAIN” towards their maximum settings.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Kill the lights.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR. DAY. 153
text: Darkness suddenly descends. High winds and horizontal
text: driving rain buffet the boat. TRUMAN fights the tiller.
text: Hurricane force winds shake the mast and keel, ripping the
text: sails to shreds.
text: Suddenly, the mast of Truman's boat is struck by a bolt of
text: lightning - snapping the rigging and knocking Truman
text: overboard. Flailing in the tempest, Truman manages to grab
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 101
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 153
text: hold of a trailing rope from the mast and hand-over-hand
text: Grags himself back on board. Truman takes the rope and
text: lashes himself to the wheel.
text: Monstrous waves continually submerge the boat. With what
text: little is left of his rigging, Truman continues to head into
text: the gale.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (shouting above the storm,
dialog: screaming up to the sky)
dialog: Come on, is that the best you can do?
dialog: You're gonna have to kill me!
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 154
text: In contrast to his panic-striken COLLEAGUES, CHRISTOF gives
text: an outward appearance of calm. Only we witness the minute
text: bead of sweat appearing at his temple that betrays him.
speaker_heading: SIMEON :
dialog: (shocked at the sight of Truman
dialog: binding himself to the boat)
dialog: Is he out of his mind?
speaker_heading: MOSES
dialog: {to Christof)
dialog: On behalf of the studio, I demand that
dialog: you cease transmission.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (defiant, to Operators)
dialog: Keep running!
speaker_heading: MOSES
dialog: --That's not for you to say.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: I take full responsibility--
speaker_heading: MOSES
dialog: --I'm telling you for the last time.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
text: (to OPERATOR in front of
dialog: radar-style screen)
dialog: How close is he?
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Very close. .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 102
speaker_heading: 154 CONTINUED: : 154
speaker_heading: 154A
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Capsize him! Tip him over!
speaker_heading: MOSES
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: For God‘s sake, Christof!
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: (unable to contain herself
dialog: any longer, entreating
dialog: Christof)
dialog: You can‘t! He’s tied himself to the
dialog: boat. He’ll drown!
speaker_heading: SIMEON
text: (staring at Truman on the
text: monitor, becoming affected by
dialog: his display of courage)
text: He doesn’t care.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: {enraged, to the Operators)
dialog: Do it!
text: All eyes turn in Christof’s direction. None of the Operators
dialog: is willing to touch the controls.
text: Christof reaches to the panel and does it himself, turning
text: the "WAVE" controls to their maximum settings.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN. DAY. 1540
text: A series of giant breakers march in formation across the sea
text: ~ arising from an unseen source.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN. DAY. 155
text: The waves break across Truman's vessel. TRUMAN appears to be
text: losing his fight against the storm, each successive wave
text: taking its toll on his body, sapping his strength, his
text: bindings the only thing keeping him upright. His head
text: slumps, the tiller goes loose in his grasp, rocking out of
text: control. Truman’s will is draining away.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 156
text: The control room CREW watch the heroic image of Truman on the
text: ON-AIR monitor, awestruck, as if they too are now spectators
text: watching a movie.
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: "THE TRUMAN SHOW" 103
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN. DAY. 157
text: As he is about to be overcome by the next wave, TRUMAN
text: clamps the wheel with his whole body and braces for one
dialog: last wave.
text: But the wave does not come. A strange phenomenon is
text: occurring in the ocean. A distinct division has appeared in
text: the ocean swell. Between the large rolling waves lies a
text: corridor of calmer water, several hundred yards wide, a
text: curious escape lane. The wind and the rain are also
text: subsiding, the darkness lifting. A mist clings to the
text: surface of the water. Truman steers his sail boat down the
text: eerie corridor.
text: Several large, dark shapes emerge on the horizon. Land?
text: Islands? The shapes, containing some enormous mechanism
text: including a huge wheel, only half exposed above water level,
text: appear to be the source of the peculiar wave formations.
text: Truman continues to steer his wrecked sailboat towards the
text: infinitely receding horizon. All is calm until we see the
text: bow of the boat suddenly strike a huge, blue wall, knocking
text: Truman off his feet. Truman recovers and clambers across the
text: deck to the bow of the boat. Looming above him out of the
text: sea is a cyclorama of colossal dimensions. The sky he has
text: been sailing towards is nothing but a painted backdrop.
text: Truman looks upward, straining his eyes to see the top of the
text: sky, but it curves away at a steep angle beyond his sight.
text: Clinging to the boat with one hand, he tentatively reaches
text: out towards the painted cyclorama. He touches the sky.
text: He looks about him and simply laughs.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 158
text: CHRISTOF and his PRODUCTION STAFF take in Truman’s reaction
text: in stunned silence.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. BARROOM/LAUNDROMAT/, STOREFRONT/. APARTMENT. NIGHT. 159
text: Truman's laugh echoes around bars, offices, shops, homes and
text: streets - wherever a television is to be found - no VIEWER
text: speaks. They too are stunned into a hushed expectancy. The
text: collective audience holds its breath.
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 104
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN/CYCLORAMA. DAY. 160
text: As the boat drifts alongside the seemingly never-ending curve
text: of the cyclorama, TRUMAN’s attention is drawn to an outline
text: in the otherwise flawless backdrop. He retrieves the
text: identikit picture of Sylvia from his coat pocket and clambers
text: to the prow of the boat.
text: There, camouflaged in the painted skyscape just above the
text: water line, is a door. Truman grabs hold of the recessed
text: doorhandle and halts the drifting boat. He stands in front
text: of the door and closes his eyes in a silent prayer.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 161
text: The control room CREW stare in silence at the monitor - their
text: very livelihood on the brink of vanishing. CHRISTOF opens a
text: small panel on his desk, breaks a seal, and speaks into the
text: emergency P.A. system that is linked to the entire studio.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Truman!
scene_heading: INT/EXT. OCEAN/CYCLORAMA. DAY. 162
text: CHRISTOF’s voice booms over the now calm ocean.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Truman!
text: TRUMAN drops the handle as if his hand has been burned. He
text: looks all about him.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF (0.C.)
dialog: You can speak. I can hear you.
text: Truman takes a moment to overcome his fear and astonishment.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: I’m the creator.
text: Truman looks up to the “heavens”.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: The creator of what?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 105
speaker_heading: 162 CONTINUED: 162
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF (0.C.)
dialog: A show - that gives hope and joy and
dialog: inspiration to millions.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: {incredulous)
dialog: A show. Then who am I?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF (0.C.)
dialog: You're the star.
text: Truman struggles to take it all in.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Nothing was real.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: You were real. That's what made you
dialog: so good to watch.
text: Truman takes out the drenched picture of Sylvia, recalling
text: her words at the beach.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: "The eyes are everywhere.°
scene_heading: 163 INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 163
text: CHRISTOF picks up a slim, flat monitor. He swivels in his
text: chair and gazes intently at the image of Truman he now holds in
text: his hands.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Listen to me, Truman--
text: On the screen, Truman again reaches for the door handle.
scene_heading: 164 EXT. CYCLORAMA. DAY. 164
text: We focus on TRUMAN's hand. CHRISTOF's voice echoes across
dialog: the water.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: You can leave if you want. I won't try
dialog: to stop you. But you won't survive out
dialog: there. You don't know what to do,
dialog: where to go.
text: A wave of doubt washes over Truman's face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 106
scene_heading: 164. CONTINUED: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: (referring to the photo)
dialog: I have a map.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Truman, I've watched you your whole life.
dialog: I saw you take your first step, your
dialog: first word, your first kiss. I know you
dialog: better than you know yourself. You're
dialog: not going to walk out that door--
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: --You never had a camera in my head.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. VARIOUS LOCATIONS. NIGHT. 165
text: The VIEWERS stare into camera in fascination.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 166
text: TRUMAN turns back to the sky, looking up towards CHRISTOF.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: Truman, there’s no more truth out
dialog: there than in the world I created for
dialog: you ~ the same lies and deceit. But
dialog: in my world you have nothing to fear.
text: Truman seems to be considering the possibilities. He looks
text: to the identikit picture of Sylvia in his hand.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOF
dialog: (suddenly angry)
dialog: Say something, damn it! You're still on
dialog: camera, live to the world...!
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM SOMEWHERE. NIGHT. 167
text: SYLVIA gazes at the picture of herself on her television
text: screen as if it is her reflection in the mirror.
scene_heading: EXT. CYCLORAMA. DAY. 168
text: TRUMAN opens the door in the sky.
text: He hesitates. Perhaps he cannot go through with it after
text: all. The camera slowly zooms into Truman's face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
speaker_heading: i171
scene_heading: “THE TRUMAN SHOW" 107
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 168
speaker_heading: : TRUMAN
dialog: In case I don't see you--good afternoon,
dialog: good evening and good night.
text: He steps through the door and is gone. Silence. Then -
scene_heading: INT/EXT. VIEWERS. NIGHT. 169
text: Spontaneous jubilation from VIEWERS in their various locations
text: - bars, homes and offices. We follow the figure of SYLVIA,
text: running through the streets. Some of the viewers outside an
text: electronics store glimpse her as she runs by.
scene_heading: INT, CONTROL ROOM. NIGHT. 170
text: Even the cynical SIMEON jumps out of his seat - for the first
text: time in the film - and lets out a joyous whoop, forgetting
text: himself for a moment, caught up in the drama.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: Yes!
text: Self-conscious, he takes his seat again almost immediately.
text: His COLLEAGUES are transfixed by the live ON-AIR monitor
text: continuing to play its only available shot, the open door in
dialog: the sky.
text: Gradually, the attention of those in the control room shifts
text: from the monitor to CHRISTOF. He sits slumped, staring at
text: the open door in the sky.
text: Eventually MOSES looks to Simeon. Moses nods to the ‘ON AIR”
text: button. Simeon presses the button and the screen - the movie
text: screen - goes to static.
scene_heading: MONTAGE/END TITLES. 171
text: Highlights from "fruman - Total Record of a Human Life” begin
dialog: to play.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
