speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: by
dialog: Nancy Meyers
dialog: March 22, 2005
scene_heading: LUSH, ROMANTIC MOVIE MUSIC OVER A BLACK SCREEN
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: ON A YOUNG COUPLE KISSING
text: on the beach. As the CAMERA GLIDES AROUND THEM, the MUSIC
dialog: soars.
text: CAMERA WIDENS and we realize we are watching the Young Couple
text: on a large Computer Screen and at the computer's keyboard,
dialog: writing the MUSIC we're hearing is MILES -- early thirties,
text: boyish, shaggy in his T-shirt and khakis. The depth and
dialog: tenderness of his composition belies his appearance. We are
dialog: in:
scene_heading: MILES’ L.A. HOUSE IN THE HOLLYWOOD HILLS
text: Small and Spanish. It’s a December afternoon. Through the
text: windows, we see the wind blowing olive trees in a courtyard.
text: Miles continues to compose as we SEE his PRETTY GIRLFRIEND in
text: the b.g., talking on her cell as she gets dressed. An actress
dialog: no doubt.
text: Over, we HEAR the VOICE OF A YOUNG ENGLISH WOMAN, IRIS.
text: Iris' Voice is knowing and warm.
speaker_heading: IRIS (V.0.)
dialog: I have found almost everything ever
dialog: written about love to be true.
dialog: Shakespeare said, "Journeys end
dialog: when lovers meet." What an
dialog: extraordinary thought. Personally I
dialog: have not experienced anything
dialog: remotely close to that but I’m more
dialog: than willing to believe Shakespeare
dialog: had. I suppose I think about love
dialog: more than anyone really should. I
dialog: am constantly amazed by it's sheer
dialog: power and by all its subtleties and
dialog: complexities.
text: Miles' Girlfriend passes behind the computer screen and
text: Miles, taken with her, seems to now compose to her beauty.
text: She, however, is in a rush and doesn’t seem to notice. Miles
text: reaches for her with one arm, kisses her hand, still playing
text: the keyboard with the other. She looks at him impatiently.
text: Oblivious to this, Miles watches her exit as he continues to
dialog: play.
speaker_heading: IRIS (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It was Shakespeare who also said,
dialog: "Love is blind". Now, that, is
dialog: something I know to be true.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - MOVING — SUNSET BOULEVARD - NIGHT - MUSIC
speaker_heading: CONTINUES
text: A COUPLE drives home from a party without speaking. The
text: Woman, in her early thirties, in the passenger seat, turns
text: and stares steadily at her Man. Feeling her eyes on him, he
text: glances over but she seems to see right through him. He
text: can't take it. His eyes return to the road. she nods to
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: IRIS (V.0.)
dialog: And for some, quite inexplicably...
text: love fades.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - BRENTWOOD — NIGHT - MUSIC CONTINUES
text: ARTHUR ABBOTT, eighty-some years old, gets in his Queen size
text: bed, alone. A photo of his Beloved Wife, taken in the
text: Fifties, sits on his night stand. Arthur takes his moment to
text: look at the photo, as he always does, before turning out the
text: light.
speaker_heading: IRIS [V.0.)
dialog: For others, love is simply lost.
text: The Wind blows a window closed.
scene_heading: INT. PUB - ENGLAND - NIGHT ~ MUSIC CONTINUES
text: A GREAT LOOKING MAN, around 40, makes his way though a
text: crowded pub. There isn't a girl in the place who doesn't
text: look in his direction. He shyly smiles at one lucky Girl.
speaker_heading: IRIS (¥.0)
dialog: -- But then of course, love can
dialog: also be found. Even if just for
dialog: the night.
scene_heading: INT. LONDON NEWSPAPER OFFICE - AFTER HOURS
text: A Holiday party is in progress. CAMERA WENDS its way through
text: the festive atmosphere.
speaker_heading: TRIS (V.0.)
dialog: And then there's another kind of
dialog: love. The cruelest kind. The one
dialog: that almost kills its victims. It's
dialog: called, unrequited love. of that,
dialog: I am an expert. Most love stories
dialog: are pretty much about people who
dialog: fall in love -- with each other.
dialog: But what about the rest of us? What
dialog: about our stories? Those of us who
dialog: fall in love alone. We are the
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: IRIS (V.0O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: victims of the one sided affair.
dialog: We are the cursed of the loved
dialog: ones. We are the unloved ones.
dialog: The walking wounded, the
dialog: handicapped without the advantage
dialog: of a great parking space. Yes, you
dialog: are looking at one such individual.
dialog: Yes, there...in the blue sweater.
dialog: That's right. That's me. And I
dialog: have willingly loved that man --
dialog: (and we see HIM across the
text: room, drink in hand,
text: talking to a small group)
dialog: -- for over three miserable years.
dialog: The absolute worst years of my
dialog: life. The worst Christmases, the
dialog: worst birthdays, New Year's Eves
text: brought in by tears and Xanax.
dialog: These years that I have been in
dialog: love have been the darkest days of
dialog: my life...all because I've been
text: cursed by being in love with a man
dialog: who does not and will not love me
dialog: back. Oh, God, here he
text: comes...heart pounding ...throat
dialog: thickening..-absolutely can't
dialog: swallow... all the usual symptoms.
text: We are looking at IRIS, smartest girl in the room although
text: she doesn't know it. Sweet to her core. The unrealized hero
dialog: of her own life.
text: Iris slips back, deeper into the crowd and finds a friendly
text: face, HANNAH. Hannah is smoking and drinking champagne.
text: Irie takes Hannah's glass and downs it.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: Uh-oh...
text: Irie peeks around and spots HIM as another group has grabbed
dialog: him. His name is JASPER. He's not conventionally good
text: looking but has a confident and sly sexuality which draws
text: women to him. He's clearly the biggest star in the room, the
dialog: paper's most important and recognized writer. Everyone
text: wants his attention but few can actually get it.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (noticing)
dialog: Oh, Jasper...You're not still?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: No, no. No. That's over. Very
dialog: over.
dialog: {to young passing
dialog: Assistant)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Peter, bring Hannah another
dialog: champagne and one for me, will you?
dialog: Please? Thank you.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I thought so.
dialog: (on the QT)
dialog: What was the story with you two?
dialog: You were shagging him, weren’t you?
speaker_heading: IRLS
dialog: More importantly, I was in love
dialog: with him...truth be known.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Oh yes, I remember, then you found
dialog: cut he was shagging that drip from
dialog: circulation.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Yes. I did... which is when I
dialog: stopped shagging him. I don't
dialog: think we should be talking about
dialog: this at the...
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (passing by)
dialog: -- Iris.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Jeffrey.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: My wife loved your column last
dialog: week. Read it to me out loud. Very
dialog: clever. Made her cry.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Thank her for me.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: But I always see you two together.
dialog: He cheated on you and you stayed
dialog: friends?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Yes, well, he doesn't see it as
dialog: cheating. See, I thought we were
dialog: together, he said we were only
dialog: “dating”.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Does dating mean you're supposed to
dialog: assume he was shagging other women?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I didn't think so. Obviously. I
dialog: was head over heels...you know...
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: --everyone knew. Does it look like
dialog: I'm erying right now?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: No, it looks like it's from my
dialog: cigarette. Did he ever tell you he
dialog: loved you?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Yes. Three, almost four times.
dialog: When I reminded him of that he said
dialog: it must've been as an answer to a
dialog: question...which it most certainly
dialog: was not.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You know, Iris, when you catch a
dialog: guy shagging another woman, you're
dialog: not supposed to stay friends with
dialog: him. You're supposed to never talk
dialog: to the prick again, you're supposed
dialog: to throw things at him, scream,
dialog: call him names...nct do his fucking
dialog: laundry.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I do not do his laundry. Did
dialog: someone tell you I do his laundry?
dialog: All we do now is...we...we do e—
dialog: mails. Not when he's with "her" of
dialog: course. Also when he's not with
dialog: her, we talk on the phone.
dialog: Sometimes for hours...
dialog: {loves the thought)
dialog: And then there's the occasional
dialog: long lunch...
dialog: (then)
dialog: It's bloody torture. But he says
dialog: we'd be crazy to give up our
dialog: friendship, thet I'm one of the
dialog: most important people in his life.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I never realized how pathetic you
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Really? God, I'm so aware of it.
text: Their champagne arrives. Iris drinks hers down quickly.
speaker_heading: HANNAR
dialog: Fucking men. They always get us
dialog: right where they want us. Who
dialog: wouldn't want a fantastic girl like
dialog: you in love with him...hanging on
dialog: his every word...he knows anytime
dialog: he wants to crawl back,..
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: -- Actually he has said some small
dialog: comments like that recently.
dialog: Hasn't come right out and said it
dialog: exactly but...
scene_heading: EDITOR NOT IN THE PARTY MODE
dialog: (passing by)
dialog: Iris, did you file your story?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: No, I did not, thank you very much.
dialog: {checks her watch)
dialog: Down to the wire...Sorry.
text: Iris takes off, then rushes back to Hannah.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Try to keep this between us.
text: Iris rushes into:
text: A TINY CUBICLE OF AN OFFICE.
text: The walls are covered with Black and White PHOTOS of BRIDES
text: AND GROOMS on their WEDDING DAY. Iris writes the UNIONS
text: column, the only good news in the newspaper, which features
text: Couples on their Wedding Day in every Sunday's Style Section
text: She sits at her computer and brings up a story which just
text: needs a few last words. She looks at a PHOTO of a BEAMING
text: BRIDE AND GROOM in their Fifties,.refers to her notes.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (as she types)
dialog: The groom's best friend spoke for
dialog: Many guests when he said, “Hilary
dialog: + will open Edward's eyes and round
dialog: out his life".
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: What's it like to be the only
dialog: person committed to their work
dialog: while the rest of us are slumming?
text: Iris looks up. It's Jasper, standing in her doorway. A
text: small bit of holly in his lapel, a drink in his hand.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: (loving him, has to look
dialog: away)
dialog: You Mean what's it like to be the
dialog: only person not to finish their
dialog: work on time. Hold on....
dialog: (types a last line)
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Look how fast that big brain of
dialog: yours works. Probably a brilliant
dialog: finish.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I assure you it's not.
text: She hits a button and sends her story to her editor.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (knowing just how to lean
dialog: in the doorway)
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (dying, she adores him so
dialog: much)
dialog: Hi. Your column today was
dialog: fantastic. Loved that line...
dialog: (quoting him)
dialog: "The onrushing stripping of dignity
dialog: and thought from British lives."
dialog: Gave me the chills.
text: The smile on his face tells us how much he loves hearing this
dialog: from her.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Got you something for Christmas.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Got you something too.
text: She opens her drawer and takes out a gift.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Oh, damn, I don't actually have
dialog: mine here...as a matter of fact, I
dialog: may have misplaced it but I know I
dialog: bought you something. Hope I
dialog: didn’t lose it. Could be in my
dialog: Caress
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: That's okay.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: You want to know what it is?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: No, I can wait. But here, open
dialog: yours.
text: Jasper opens Iris' gift and finds a book.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (cvecognizing it)
dialog: You stinker...
text: She melts. He opens the book. Seems to genuinely love it.
speaker_heading: JASPER (CONT'D)
dialog: First edition. Where'd you find
dialog: it?
dialog: (seems to be really taken
dialog: with her)
dialog: You're so great...
text: At this moment her world is near perfection. His eyes seem
text: to brim with tears as he looks at her...but maybe she's just
text: imagining it. Through the glass wall of her office, they see
text: their EDITOR IN CHIEF, HUGH BUCKLEY standing on a chair to
text: quiet down the crowd.
speaker_heading: JASPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hate that we can never talk.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I know...
dialog: They exit together into:
speaker_heading: THE NEWSROOM
text: The crowd has gathered. Iris turns and has somehow lost
text: Jasper. She looks for him as she stands alone, in the back,
text: near her office.
speaker_heading: HUGE
dialog: First of all, to each and every one
dialog: of you, a very Merry Christmas. We
dialog: are not officially closed, as you
dialog: well know but with any luck, we
dialog: will not go to war, the flu will
dialog: not spread and the Queen will not
dialog: abdicate. Given that, we may be
dialog: able to get by with a smaller than
speaker_heading: (MORE) .
speaker_heading: HUGH (CONT'D)
dialog: normal staff. Now, before some of
dialog: you rush off on holiday I have one
dialog: rather important announcement.
dialog: This effects Iris. Iris, where are
dialog: you?
text: Ixis, surprised, raises her hand and is pushed forward.
speaker_heading: HUGH (CONT'D)
dialog: Iris, T have a tip for you.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Excellent.
speaker_heading: HUGE
dialog: A wedding was privately announced
dialog: earlier today which I don't believe
dialog: any other paper in town knows about
dialog: and I want you to be the first to
dialog: report on this particular “union”
dialog: as it is between two of our most
dialog: esteemed colleagues. May I
dialog: introduce, the newly engaged --
dialog: Sarah Smith-Alcott and Jasper
dialog: Bloom.
text: SARAH steps forward. A sincere, make no waves kind of girl.
text: A second banana if ever there was one. She lights up as she
text: turns to Jasper who joins her, taking her hand.
text: CAMERA SLOWLY PUSHES IN on Iris, trying desperately not to
text: ery in front of everyone she knows. Jasper says a few words
text: but Tris doesn't hear them. When he finishes, he catches
text: Iris in the crowd. She gives him a small approving nod and
text: the bravest possible smile. As their eyes connect, someone
text: pats Jasper on the back and his attention is once again gone
text: and Iris is once again, left alone.
speaker_heading: IRIS - CLOSE
text: as she escapes through the crowd and INTO HER OFFICE. She
text: takes her coat off the back of her door, slips into it then
text: sees the wrinkled wrapping paper from her gift. She picks it
text: ub, crumples it, then notices the book is sitting on an end
text: table, forgotten.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (holding back her tears)
dialog: Yeah, that's right...I'm sooo
dialog: great. Greatest idiot that ever
dialog: lived.
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - MOVING - NIGHT
text: tris, holding the book on her lap, sits in an empty train
text: car, a tissue in her hand.
scene_heading: EXT. SURREY - NIGHT
text: Snow falls as Iris walks the curve of the cobblestoned street
text: of her small village. At one end of the street is a church.
text: At the other, is the village pub which is overflowing with
text: patrons. As Iris passes the pub, someone calls her name but
text: she doesn't answer.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: A picture postcard stone cottage sits nestled in a winter
dialog: garden. This is one of the smallest houses you've ever seen.
text: Tris walks the narrow footbridge up to her front gate. She
text: opens the gete and a bell rings. A dog can be heard barking
text: inside the house.
scene_heading: INT. IRIS' COTTAGE
text: Iris ENTERS, turns on the light and is greeted by her dog,
speaker_heading: CHARLIE.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Hey, look who it is...Give me a
dialog: kiss...give mé a....
dialog: (she hugs him)
dialog: You're so warm. Okay. Okay. Give
dialog: me a sec, Charlie, I gotta take off
dialog: my boots. Hold on...
text: iris falls into a soft upholstered chair. She pulls off her
text: boots, sits there for a second in her wet coat, wet hair,
text: looks at her dog.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Guess what?
text: And then she bursts inte tears.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - BRENTWOOD, CALIFORNIA - MORNING
text: The Man we saw driving the Porsche (on page 2), wakes up on a
text: couch. Pillow under his head, blanket over him. He is in a
text: great looking room in a great. looking, sun filled house.
text: 6,000 square feet in prime Brentwood. The house has the
dialog: relaxed good taste you get with a smart decorator.
dialog: The Man is ETHAN, artistic good locks, almost forty, tousleda
text: hair, T-shirt, boxers, vintage Rolex and a large dose of
text: narcissism which he has never discussed with his shrink.
dialog: ii.
text: Ethan sits up, runs his hand through his hair, looks around
text: and catches the eye of the uniformed Gardener, blowing
text: Eucalyptus leaves outside a wall of windows.
text: ETHAN WALKS THROUGH THE HOUSE
text: calling, "Amanda". He checks out the oversized Kitchen, the
text: Media Room, the Gym, the expansive Home Office. He passes a
text: Christmas Tree with a Jewish star on top, CLIMBS THE CENTER
scene_heading: HALL STAIRS.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Amanda?
text: ives Ethan a nod toward the bedroom and a look that suggests
text: A HOUSEKEEPER passes him ON HER WAY DOWN the stairs. She
dialog: giv
dialog: he*
dialog: s in trouble.
text: Ethan continues up the stairs and stops outside of the MASTER
text: BEDROOM DOOR. He hesitates, opens it and A SNEAKER FLIES AT
scene_heading: HIS HEAD. HE DUCKS.
text: The thrower of the sneaker is AMANDA WOODS, wearing white
text: pajamas, a bed-head of fabulous hair, a necklace with some
text: sort of diamond pendant and a red Kabbalah string bracelet.
dialog: Amanda wouldn't know how to play the victim if she was one.
dialog: Men don't just fall for this woman, they fall under her
text: spell. Fiercely intelligent, blazing eyes, a big city girl
text: with a small town in her past. At the moment, she's about to
dialog: explode.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: May I just say again that I didn't
dialog: sleep with her.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (pacing)
dialog: Okay. Right. Your receptionist
dialog: needs to work ‘til 3 in the
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: A bunch of us were working all
dialog: night...she wanted to hang out.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Okay, then swear on my life that
dialog: you didn't sleep with her.
dialog: {she gets very still and
dialog: waits)
dialog: Go ahead.
dialog: 12.
text: Ethan starts to open his mouth, then stops. Another SNEAKER
text: FLIES at him. He ducks it.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Your receptionist, Ethan??? That
text: fake-boobed, lip-linered, G-string
dialog: sticking out... She can't even
dialog: pronounce people's names!
text: Amanda starts to quickly gather some of Ethan's books and
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: See. This is why I knew we
dialog: shouldn't get married. This is why
dialog: I told you never to give up your
dialog: house. I knew it. Inside, somehow I
dialog: knew this.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: First of all, i did not sleep with
dialog: her and secondly, we've had
dialog: problems for over a year. You don't
dialog: want. to deal with that, I know, but
dialog: we have... so let’s not make this
dialog: about Amy.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Oh, I'm well aware we've had
dialog: problems for over a year. If I
dialog: work a little too much I never stop
dialog: hearing about it but if you work
dialog: too much, Maestro, it's for the
dialog: sake of your "music".
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: If you work too much?! Amanda, you
dialog: cut 75 trailers this year. You put
dialog: a cutting room in the house, you
dialog: sleep with your blackberry. Look
dialog: at your side of the bed...it's like
dialog: a work station..... When was the
dialog: last time we had sex? Want to take
dialog: a guess?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Oh, come on, no one has time for
dialog: sex.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: That's not true. Okay?
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Okay, that's it! You absolutely
dialog: slept with her! It's official.
dialog: We're finished! You gotta get your
dialog: clothes and all your crap and...
dialog: {shooing him out)
dialog: Can you get out? Seriously, you
dialog: have to get out.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I thought you wanted me to get my
dialog: clothes?
text: She backs him OUT THE DOOR and DOWN THE STAIRS:
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: ¥ou know what I really think Ethan?
dialog: I don't think you ever really loved
dialog: me. How's that? I think you loved
dialog: the idea of you and me...but not so
dialog: Much me...not Me. Not really.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I don't even know what that means
dialog: except that you're criticizing the
dialog: way I loved you. I did the best I
dialog: could. Is anyone good enough for
dialog: that job?
text: That hurts. She opens the FRONT DOOR, tosses Ethan his keys
text: then moves him OUT THE DOOR.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I'1l send you your things.
text: Ethan now stands OUTSIDE THE DOOR in his boxer shorts.
text: Amanda faces him standing INSIDE THE HOUSE. The Gardeners
dialog: try not to listen.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You know you do this, right? You
dialog: screw up every relationship you've
dialog: ever been in. It's what you do.
text: Amanda SLAMS THE DOOR on him. As she RUNS BACK UP THE STAIRS
speaker_heading: she HEARS:
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE
dialog: Something about you doesn't really
dialog: want to be a couple. Not really.
dialog: You resist it...in your own way.
dialog: 14
scene_heading: ANGLE - ETHAN OUT FRONT OF THE HOUSE
text: YELLING up to her Bedroom Window.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: And it's hard to detect how you
dialog: even do it ‘cause nobody's quite as
dialog: smart as you, so you're hard to
dialog: catch at it, but it always surfaces
dialog: and this is what happens.
text: Amanda OPENS an Upstairs Window, looks down.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: What happens?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (looking up at her)
dialog: Things end. Just like you kmew they
dialog: would. Look, you know how I feel
dialog: about you. There's nobody like you,
dialog: but you don't want to be what I
dialog: need.
dialog: {corrects himself)
dialog: Not, "I" need... you know what I
dialog: mean...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I would never cheat on you. Not
dialog: under any conditions.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: And neither would I. Okay?! Look
dialog: at me...I'm sweating like a God
dialog: damned pig and look at you, you‘re
dialog: the only woman on earth who breaks
text: up with her boyfriend and doesn't
dialog: shed a tear. That means something
dialog: doesn't it?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: So I'm cursed because I don't need
dialog: you enough and... why does it bug
dialog: ’ you so much that I can't cry?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I didn't say you don't need me
dialog: enough although that's probably
dialog: true too.
text: Amanda rubs her chest. Ouch.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Abhhh...Esophogial spasm. Big
dialog: one... Ow!
text: (sees him looking ashen)
dialog: I'll be fine.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I know. I was thinking about me.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (through her pain)
dialog: Ethan, it's over so we might as
dialog: well be honest with each other.
dialog: (very vulnerable)
dialog: dust. tell me. Did you sleep with
dialog: her?
text: (He still doesn't answer)
dialog: Just say it. What's the difference
dialog: at this point? Why torture me?
dialog: Put me out of my misery.
dialog: (rubs her chest}
dialog: What are we doing, here? Just tell
dialog: me. bo what's right for God's
dialog: sake.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (beaten)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (that got her attention)
dialog: Yes. Okay. I slept with her. You
dialog: happy? I've been sleeping with
dialog: her. She's in love with me. She's
dialog: young and...
text: The Gardener looks over at Ethan, shaking his head. What a
speaker_heading: ETHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I-I'm not proud of this...
text: Amanda nods, disappears into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Amanda..?
text: A beat and the FRONT DCOR OPENS and Amanda very calmly
text: CROSSES TO ETHAN.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Did you say, "Am I happy?"
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I didn't mean that. You get me
dialog: nuts then I say things I don't
dialog: mean.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You know what cheating is Ethan?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: {doesn't want to hear it)
dialog: Just.. What? No, what?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: It's a coward's way of breaking up.
dialog: And at it's core, what it is...is
dialog: unkind. Because it makes everyone
dialog: involved, including me, feel cheap
dialog: and crazy. It's a bad way to end
dialog: things because this is how I'll
dialog: always think of you. Not as that
dialog: guy I spent three years with and
dialog: went to Hawaii with and took
dialog: cooking lessons with... You will
dialog: always and forever be the ass-hole
dialog: that lied and cheated and nothing
dialog: you ever say or do from this moment
dialog: on will ever change my mind about
dialog: you. In the world of love...not
dialog: that I'm such a genius at it...but
dialog: in the world of love...cheating is
dialog: simply not acceptable.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (not dealing with her)
dialog: Okay...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: And the fact that in this fight,
dialog: you made this about me and not you
dialog: makes “ass-hole" the nicest thing I
dialog: can ever say about you.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: No matter what you think and I know
dialog: you have a very high opinion of
dialog: yourself -- this isn’t all me. And’
dialog: when you're not in such a rage,
dialog: you'll know it too.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yeah. Maybe when the rage subsides
dialog: and I stop having visions of you
dialog: two TOGETHER... I'll see your side.
text: Amanda turns, starts to walk away then comes right back,
text: makes a fist and punches Ethan in the face. Twice. He loses
text: his balance and falls on his ass.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: Amanda ENTERS out of breath, adrenaline pumping. She jumps
text: up and down out of frustration and lets out a Scream.
text: BRISTOL, Amanda's PREGNANT ASSISTANT arrives from the
text: kitchen, holding a spiral notebook and a pen and catches the
dialog: tail end of this.
speaker_heading: BRISTOL
dialog: Is this a bad time?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: No. I'm just flipping out a little.
dialog: Fuck! I'm alright. Shit! I'm okay.
dialog: What's up?
text: Fortunately, Amanda is often seved by her unique ability to
text: change subjects with lightning speed.
speaker_heading: BRISTOL
dialog: Ben needs you.
scene_heading: INT, AMANDA'S GUEST HOUSE
text: which has been turned into a CUTTING ROOM. Movie one sheets
text: are stacked against the wall. Another wall is filled with
text: videotapes. Sitting at an AVID is BEN, trim, faded John Kerry
text: T-shirt, two day growth of beard. Amanda enters. We can see
text: a beautiful pool and patic umbrellas behind her.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Is it better?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah, your changes were good. TI
dialog: just need you to sign off on it so
dialog: I can get it over to the studio.
dialog: They want it on the air tomorrow.
text: Amanda nods. Ben hits a button on the Avid and a TV spot for
text: a movie plays. We hear THAT FAMILIAR NARRATOR..... “This
dialog: Christmas, Columbia Pictures Presents..." The movie is a
text: Black Buddy Comedy/Action Film. The images are familiar:
text: Helicopters, Male Stars in Prada suits, Uzis pointed at the
text: lens, Blondes in bikinis, cars careening out of control.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (when it's over)
text: It finally looks like a hit.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That's why they pay you the big
dialog: bucks.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: But I still think you cut a little
dialog: too fast off the guy in the Doo
dialog: Rag. And try putting the Blonde
text: before the house blowing up, and
dialog: hang on Will a few frames longer
dialog: when he says, "Don't hate me ‘cause
dialog: I‘m pretty.” His smile's great.
dialog: (heading out)
dialog: And make "Christmas Day" twice as
dialog: big. And try it in red. Buta
text: happy red.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (taking notes)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Okay! We're done!
dialog: (impulsively)
dialog: Hey. Why don't we take off for a
dialog: few weeks.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I'm not kidding. Everyone elee in
text: town takes off for Christmas.
speaker_heading: BRISTOL
dialog: But you always say this is our
dialog: busiest...
speaker_heading: AMANDA.
dialog: -- I know, but we’ve got 20 people
dialog: in the office. They can handie
dialog: things for a few weeks.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You'll jet them handle things?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: {rubs her chest)
dialog: I think I gotta get out of town. I
dialog: need some peace and quiet...or
dialog: whatever it is people go away for.
dialog: You know what I really want to do?
dialog: I want to eat carbs without wanting
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: to kill myself. I want to read a
dialog: book. Not a magazine article...an
dialog: actual book. I read these reviews,
dialog: T buy the books but I never read
dialog: them. Ouch!
dialog: (rubs her chest)
dialog: Did you read that article in The
dialog: New York Times last Sunday? Severe
dialog: stress makes women age prematurely,
dialog: because the stress causes the DNA
dialog: in our cells to shrink until they
dialog: can no longer replicate. So when
dialog: we're stressed we look haggard.
dialog: Just women...not men. Remember
dialog: when they used to say single women
dialog: over 35 were more likely to be
dialog: killed by a terrorist than get
dialog: married? That was... horrible. So
dialog: now our generation is also not
dialog: getting married and bonus....real
dialog: terrorists actually became part of
dialog: our lives s0 now the stress of it
text: all shows up in our faces, making
text: us look haggard while Ethan goes on
dialog: looking cute forever and fucking
text: his 24 year old receptionist.
speaker_heading: BRISTOL
dialog: I think a vacation sounds like a
dialog: solid idea.
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA'S HOME OFFICE
text: Amanda sits at her computer, googling vacation spots.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (typing)
dialog: Okay...where do I want to go? By
dialog: myself...at Christmas... By myself,
dialog: "depressed" at Christmas. All
text: alone on vacation. Alone,
dialog: alone...totally alone.
text: She stops typing. Tries to cry. Quivers her bottom lip,
text: quick breaths...she can't make tears. Stops trying.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: {reading what has shown up
dialog: on her screen)
dialog: Worry free vacations. Good. Where's
dialog: that?
dialog: (reads)
dialog: Bora Bora...
dialog: (tries out the thought)
dialog: “Kayak for one".... Noooo.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: (reads on}
dialog: Caribbean?
dialog: (thinks about it)
dialog: Ican't. All couples and kids...
dialog: which I do not have.
dialog: {continues googling)
dialog: Vacation rentals...
dialog: (likes this idea)
dialog: Yeah. Hole up in a house
dialog: somewhere, disappear for a few
dialog: weeks,...nobody'1l know me. Good.
dialog: (reads)
dialog: Where do you want to go on your
dialog: next vacation? Three clicks is all
dialog: it takes to Search, Select and
dialog: Contact your perfect vacation home
dialog: exchange partner. Click here and
dialog: pick a country.
text: She CLICKS and a FULL PAGE OF COUNTRY NAMES show up.
dialog: Everything from Albania to Zanzibar.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: {reads)
dialog: Where do they speak English?
text: She moves the mouse to ENGLAND and CLICKS. A FULL PAGE OF
text: NAMES OF TOWNS AND CITIES in England shows up.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: (reads)
text: Click on a city.
text: She randomly picks Cotswold. CLICK.
speaker_heading: BMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: (reads)
text: Barn converted to modern house in
dialog: beautiful Cotswold... I like the
dialog: sound of that..."Cotswold*.
text: A PHOTO of the HOUSE in Cotswold shows up. It couldn't look
dialog: more ordinary.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: -- Which looks exactly like the
dialog: Valley.
scene_heading: (CLICKS on ANOTHER TOWN)
text: Isolated country house with distant
dialog: views. I could do isolated.
text: A PHOTO of the HOUSE appears. Big, gothic, on a hill.
dialog: 2i.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: oy, The Shining...
dialog: (she quickly CLICKS oN
scene_heading: ANOTHER TOWN, reads)
text: Christmas in the country. A fairy
text: tale English cottage set in a
text: tranquil country garden. Snuggle
text: up by the old brick fireplace and
text: enjoy a glowing fire and a cup of
dialog: COCOa..+
dialog: {just the description is
dialog: soothing)
text: An enchanting oasis of tranquility
dialog: in a guiet English hamlet just
text: forty minutes from exciting London.
text: Amanda CLICKS and a PHOTO of IRIS' COTTAGE SHOWS UP. She
text: smiles as we HEAR the sound of a TEA KETTLE GOING OFF:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, IRIS' COTTAGE - SAME TIME
text: It's eight hours later in England and Iris is making a cup of
text: tea before bed. She looks wiped out. It's been a hard
text: night. A light snow falls outside the windows. She hears
text: her COMPUTER PING. She sits at the kitchen table and looks
text: at her laptop. It's a HOME EXCHANGE INSTANT MESSAGE. It
dialog: says:
text: I'M INTERESTED IN RENTING YOUR HOUSE. IS IT STILL AVAILABLE?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Renting my house?
dialog: IRIS types back: Sorry, it's only available for home
dialog: exchange.
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA'S HOME OFFICE - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Home exchange??
scene_heading: (READS NEW MESSAGE FROM
speaker_heading: IRIS)
dialog: We switch houses, cars, everything.
dialog: I haven't done it before but
dialog: friends of mine have. Supposed to
dialog: be great. Where are you?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: {staring at her computer)
dialog: Please say America.
dialog: 22.
dialog: AMANDA types: Z.A.
speaker_heading: ERIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Jackpot!
text: Wiping her tears, IRIS types: I've never been there but
dialog: always wanted to go. I'm Iris, by the way. I'm very normal.
dialog: Neat freak. Healthy. Non smoker. Single.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: -- Hate my horrible life.
dialog: AMANDA types: I'm Amanda.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (to herself)
text: Loser, loner, complicated wreck.
dialog: IRIS types: Hu.
dialog: AMANDA answers: Hi.
dialog: AMANDA thinks abeut this, then writes: Must say, your house
dialog: looks idyilic. Just what I need.
dialog: IRIS types: Thank you. What does your place look like? I
dialog: don't need much...just love the idea of being 6090 miles from
dialog: here.
dialog: AMANDA answers quickly: I totally get that. My place is
dialog: nice -- little bigger than yours.
dialog: IRIS: Not hard to be.
dialog: AMANDA laughs, types: I have Three Bedrooms, Four Baths,
dialog: Kitchen, Family Room, Media Room...
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (reading all this)
dialog: Is she kidding?
text: AMANDA keeps going: Home office, Gym, Pool and Guest House.
dialog: Assuming this will never work, IRIS types: JI have a kitchen,
dialog: bedroom, bathroom, living room. That's it.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: {to herself)
dialog: Nice knowing you.
dialog: AMANDA writes: Sounds perfect.
text: Both Women sit and look at their computers.
dialog: 23.
dialog: IRIS types: And I have a dog.
dialog: AMANDA answers: That's cool.
text: Iris smiles.
dialog: AMANDA: Can I ask you one thing?
dialog: IRIS: Sure.
dialog: AMANDA: Are there any men in your town?
dialog: IRIS: Honestly?
speaker_heading: AMANDA: Yes.
dialog: IRTS: Zero.
dialog: AMANDA: When can I come?
text: TRIS hesitates, then types: Tomorrow too soon???
text: AMANDA, going on impulse: Tomorrow's perfect actually.
text: IRIS quickly types: Okay, forms to fill cut, etc., but we're
dialog: on for two weeks, starting tomorrow.
text: Both Women SIT AND STARE at their computers. A little
dialog: nervous.
dialog: AMANDA: Can I call you to talk in person?
dialog: IRIS relaxes: Love if you would.
text: And as quickly as Iris types in her phone number and SENDS,
text: the PHONE RINGS. Iris picks it up.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Hellot
scene_heading: INT. BRITISH ATR - COACH - DAY
text: The plane is boarding and through the Crowd of Passengers, we
text: see Iris making her way through the Coach Section to her
text: seat. Naturally, it's in the middle of three seats and the
text: seats on either side of her are empty. She settles into the
text: center seat, looks up and sees a great looking Italian Guy
text: looking at the seat right next to her. She can't believe her
text: luck. He smiles at her. She smiles back. He’s then joined
text: by his Beautiful Skinny Girlfriend who points him to the next
dialog: row.
text: Then, two very pleasing looking Women in their Fifties stop
text: at Iris' row and squeeze into the empty seats knocking her
dialog: 24.
text: around a bit. Iris' Blackberry BEEPS. She checks it. It’s
dialog: from JASPER. It says:
scene_heading: EARD YOU HAVE LEFT FOR HOLIDAY !N LOTUS LAND. FIRST VACATION IN
scene_heading: FOUR YEARS /S TURNING POINT. { SALUTE YOU. HOW DO 1 REACH YOU?
speaker_heading: JASPER.
text: Iris closes her eyes, trying to will willpower. Her eyes go
text: to the line: How do I reach you? Her eyes well up as she
dialog: writes back:
dialog: Dear Jasper, (she deletes the “Dear") Jasper, We both know
dialog: I need to fall out of love with you. Would be great if you
dialog: would let me try. xx. (Deletes the xx). Iris.
text: The Woman next to Iris has been reading over her shoulder and
text: pats Iris‘ arm.
scene_heading: ANOTHER BRITISH AIR FLIGHT - FIRST CLASS - NIGHT - IN FLIGHT
text: CLOSE ON A STACK OF BOOKS
dialog: The size you would take with you if you were going away for a
text: year. The stack sits next to Amanda who wears the British
text: Air Eye Shades, sweats, noisy bangle bracelets. Harper's
text: Bazaar lies open on her lap.
text: With her eyes covered, she takes a Pepsid AC, throws it down
text: with some water, rubs her chest and closes the window shade.
text: She pulls up the comforter, adjusts her pillow. A beat and
text: she lifts her eye shades to her forehead, stares straight up
text: at the plane's ceiling and we HEAR:
scene_heading: THAT FAMILIAR MOVIE TRAILER GUY'S
speaker_heading: VOICE -
dialog: Amanda Woods is proud to present --
dialog: "Her Life". She had it all. The
dialog: job, the house, the guy. This
dialog: holiday season find out what Amanda
dialog: doesn't have.
text: As if to shut the Guy out, Amanda snaps her eye shades back
text: over her eyes.
scene_heading: A BRITISH PASSPORT
text: is STAMPED by a U.S. Customs officer. He hands it back to an
text: excited IRIS.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Wish me luck!
text: The Customs Guy says nothing. Iris moves on. A beat and she
dialog: returns.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm a little superstitious. Could
dialog: you wish me luck?
speaker_heading: CUSTOMS OFFICER
dialog: Good luck.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER STAMP
text: hits AMANDA'S PASSPORT. A British Customs Officer passes the
text: passport back to Amanda. She yawns, wearing sunglasses.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT - FREEWAYS INTERSECTING — DAY
scene_heading: A SAN DIEGO FREEWAY SIGN —- “SUNSET BOULEVARD" ~ DAY
text: IRIS, in the backseat of a TAXI, looks out the open window
text: like a kid, her hair blowing.
scene_heading: EXT. SURREY, ENGLAND - LATE DAY
text: A Mercedes drives through the picturesque village which is
text: now covered in snow.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES ~ MOVING
text: The DRIVER slows to a stop and turns to the backseat.. AMANDA
text: is asleep wearing the British Air eye shades.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Miss? Miss?
text: Amanda jumps, lifting her eyes shades.
speaker_heading: DRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: We're here.
text: Amanda lowers the window letting in the cold air. She looks
text: out at a snow covered stone wall.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (disoriented)
dialog: This can't be it.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (pointing the other way)
dialog: It's just down that lane, but I'll
dialog: never be able to turn at the other
dialog: end. Think you can make it from
dialog: here?
text: Amanda squints trying to see how long the lane is.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: No.
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW COVERED LANE
text: The Mercedes pulls away and leaves Amanda in heels, jeans,
text: shearling coat, a long red scarf, a Balenciaga bag, a carry
text: on, and a huge black Tumi suitcase. She tosses her scarf
text: over her shoulder, pops the handle on her suitcase and begins
text: dragging it behind her, down the snow covered lane. Whoops.
text: She skids, almost falls, regains her balance. A clump of snow
text: falls from a tree branch, hitting her smack on the head.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: CLOSE — AMANDA'S SNOW COVERED MANOLOS
text: coming to a stop. Tilt up to Amanda, out of breath, arriving
text: at Iris' little gate. She wipes snow from the stone wall and
text: reveals the house number. She looks ahead and sees the TINY
text: COTTAGE, nestled under snow covered branches.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (to the house)
dialog: I'm here...
text: Amanda opens the gate, the bell on it rings a frozen little
text: ring and she drags her things up to the front door, lifts a
text: flower pot and finds a key.
text: She inserts the key and is greeted by Iris‘ dog, Charlie.
text: She pets him as she turns on the lights, looks around the
text: cottage, sees it's small, charming Bedroom with pitched
text: ceilings, tiny Bathroom, cramped Kitchen, cozy little Living
text: Room. Amanda stands between her bags, able to see the full
text: place as she does a 360.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: What am I doing here?
scene_heading: EXT. BRENTWOOD STREET - SAME TIME
text: The Taxi pulls away revealing Iris OUT FRONT OF AMANDA'S
text: GATE, holding her one smallish suitcase. She's overdressed
text: for a warm winter day in L.A. She stands beneath an orange
text: tree, the sun shining brightly on her as she looks through
text: the gate at Amanda's spread.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Holy shit.
text: She presses a button on the CALL BOX.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: BRISTOL'S VOICE
dialog: Iris?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: (getting too close to the
dialog: box)
dialog: Yes. I'm here. Hello.
speaker_heading: BRISTOL'S VOICE
dialog: Hey... Come on in.
text: Iris tries pushing on the gate when suddenly it automatically
text: swings open.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (leans back to the box)
dialog: Sorry.
text: A wind greets her as she carries her suitcase up the gravel
text: driveway. Pregnant Bristol EXITS THE FRONT DOOR holding a
dialog: binder.
speaker_heading: BRISTOL
dialog: Hi, I'm Bristol, I'm Amanda's
dialog: assistant. I'm really sorry to do
dialog: this but your plane was late and I
dialog: have a doctor's appointment, so
dialog: I've got to take off.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Oh, no problem.
speaker_heading: BRISTOL
dialog: Thanks. I made you this binder, it
dialog: explains how everything in the
dialog: house works. The alarm, the
dialog: password, the gate code...I gave
dialog: you all the speed diai numbers for
dialog: police, fire, gardeners, pool man,
dialog: housekeeper, me. Directions for
dialog: the phones, the sound system, the
text: TVs, DVD players and TiVos. The
dialog: equipment in the gym is pretty self
text: explanatory. The exterior lights
dialog: go on automatically and sco do the
dialog: sprinklers so you don't have to
dialog: worry about that. Here’s clickers
dialog: for the gate and the garage and
text: keys to the front door, the side
text: door, the mail box and the Prius.
dialog: {sees Iris’ expression)
dialog: Don’t worry. It's only a house.
dialog: It's easier than it looks.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: Iris ENTERS, takes it all in...the beautiful decor, the large
text: generous rooms. Her mind is blown.
text: She places her things by the door and immediately checks out
text: the house. We follow her as she DARTS IN and OUT of rooms
text: SCREAMING FOR JOY. She runs UP THE STAIRS, ENTERS THE
text: LUXURIOUSLY LARGE BEDROOM, checks out the OVERSIZED BATHROOM
text: and SHRIEKS. She opens a door into a DREAM CLOSET. It's
text: insanely BIG. She sees her small English self in the large
text: closet mirror.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (to her mirror image)
dialog: This is the most brilliant thing
dialog: that ever happened to you.
scene_heading: INT. IRIS' COTTAGE —- ENGLAND - THE SAME TIME
text: Amanda is finishing unpacking, trying to squeeze one more
text: thing into Iris' teeny tiny little closet. She gets it in
text: and slams the door closed. Now... what to do with her empty
text: suitcase. She rolls it under the bed.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Okay. Now what?
text: AMANDA EXITS THE BACK OF THE HOUSE
text: pulling her coat around her to keep warm. It's getting dark
text: She spots a garden bench, dusts off the snow. Sits on it.
text: The quiet is astounding.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I have not screwed up every
dialog: relationship I've been in!
text: She tries to CRY again. Really gives it her all. Nothing
text: comes. She tries again...waits. Nothing.
scene_heading: TRAILER GUY'S VOICE
dialog: Amanda was lost but she knew, in
dialog: the game of life...
text: She bolts off of the bench and out of FRAME.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE ROAD - AS SEEN THROUGH A MINI COOPER'S WINDSHIELD
text: Things are flying by fast and the trees on the side of the
text: road are way too close. A PUNK BAND blares from the Radio.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
text: is driving Iris' electric Blue Mini and has obviously never
text: driven on the left side of the road before. She pulls into:
speaker_heading: THE TOWN
text: Whoa...hard to make the turn from the left. A few shoppers
text: browse past local shops and watch as the Mini fish tails into
text: the street. Small children run to their parents. Amanda
text: parks, gets out of the car, grabs her chest to catch her
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (to kids)
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Okay, that was hell.
text: She looks around...sees the Pub, the Post Office, the Book
text: Shop, the Butcher and the Market. As she heads toward the
text: market, she looks left and a car from the right almost hits
text: her. HONKKKK!!! She leaps out of its way.
scene_heading: INT. MARKET
text: small, very English. Bad Christmas music plays in the b.g.
text: Amanda pushes a small cart and drinks from a bottle of wine.
text: She loads up her cart with fresh baguettes, pastries, smoked
text: salmon, local cheeses, Christmas puddings.
speaker_heading: CHECK OUT STAND
text: As a chubby Female Clerk rings up Amanda's goodies.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Someone's having a party tonight.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Ch, yeah.
text: Amanda takes a swig out of the wine bottle.
scene_heading: INT. IRIS' COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: Amanda sits on Iris' bed, in pajamas and a big sweater and
text: her scarf, eating Christmas pudding and watching The Office
text: on a15" TV. She pops a Pepsid AC in her mouth and washes it
text: down with wine. The Office cuts to commercial and Amanda's TV
dialog: spot comes on. "This Christmas, Columbia Pictures is proud to
text: present..." Amanda watches, mouthing the words. Then at the
text: end -- twice as big and in red letters -- Christmas Day.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: And that's why I make the big
dialog: bucks.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Amanda makes a fire in the LIVING ROOM FIREPLACE. It's not
text: so @asy without the little gas knob. A LITTLE LATER, she
text: puts on a Supremes CD and sings along. "You can't hurry
text: love, no, you just got to wait." LATER, holding a glass of
text: wine, she looks at Iris' books, reading their
text: titles...there's so many of them. LATER STILL, with an open
text: book on her lap, Amanda sits on the couch, looking at
text: Charlie, the dog. They seem to be having a staring contest.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
speaker_heading: AMANDA'S SUITCASE
text: being tossed on the bed. Amanda throws in her clothes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A HOCKNEY POOL SPLASH
text: Iris swims laps in AMANDA'S POOL as the sun sets on a balmy
text: breezy winter day in Los Angeles.
scene_heading: INT. MEDIA ROOM - A LITTLE LATER
text: Ixis, barefoot, in jeans, blouse, damp hair, scans Amanda's
text: WALL OF DVDs....there’s so many of them. Then, she looks at
text: a BASKET FULL OF CLICKERS...there's so many of them. She
text: gets intimidated and reaches for the binder Bristol gave her.
text: The Phone RINGS.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (notices "GATE" is LIT UP
dialog: on phone)
dialog: Gate? Oh, no. Disaster.
text: Iris looks at the multi-lined phone, then thumbs frantically
dialog: though the binder.
scene_heading: AN AUDI CONVERTIBLE - WAITS OUTSIDE THE GATE
text: Miles (from page 1) is behind the wheel. His Girlfriend,
text: Maggie sits next to him, talking on her cell. Miles is
text: listening to a movie score on CD.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: No, Miles is dropping me at yoga.
dialog: Shut Uppp. Who was he with?
text: Maggie turns down the Volume on the CD.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Maggie! This is the best part.
text: Maggie holds up her finger as in “one sec". Miles PUSHES the
text: CALL BUTTON again.
speaker_heading: IRIS' VOICE
dialog: (from the speaker box)
dialog: -- I'm sorry. Hello. I'm here.
dialog: Can you hear me?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: It's Miles. Amanda?
speaker_heading: IRIS'S VOICE
dialog: Wo. Sorry. Amanda's not here.
speaker_heading: (BEEP }
dialog: -- Oh, FU!!
speaker_heading: (BUZZ)
text: Miles and Maggie both look at the Speaker Box as the gate
speaker_heading: OPENS.
speaker_heading: IRIS' VOICE
dialog: If you heard that, I'm terribly
dialog: sorry.
text: Miles pulls into the driveway, GETS OUT of the convertible.
text: Maggie stays in the car, still on the phone. Iris opens the
text: door, sees Miles.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Hello...
text: The afternoon breeze blows her hair as MOVIE MUSIC drifts out
text: of the car. It's nostalgic and romantic and colors the
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Hi. Sorry to bother you...
text: The wind blows even stronger, rustling Iris' blouse.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: (Looking at the trees
dialog: blowing)
dialog: Santa Anas.
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Pardon?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: The wind...it's what makes it so
dialog: warm this time of year. Legend has
dialog: it, when the Santa Anas blow,
dialog: anything can happen.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Good day to arrive then.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You just got here?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: First time in L.A.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Really? Well, people bad mouth
dialog: this place all the time but give it
dialog: a chance. L.A. is highly
dialog: misunderstood. There's a lot of
dialog: magic around here. Plus, there
dialog: aren't many places where the nights
dialog: smell like jasmine and the days
text: smell like orange blossoms.
dialog: {the wind blows again)
dialog: I'm Miles, I work for Ethan.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Amanda's ex-boyfriend?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Yeah. Too bad about that, huh..?
dialog: Do you know what time Amanda will
dialog: be back?
speaker_heading: IRIS
text: Amanda's in England...on holiday.
dialog: I'm staying here for a few weeks
text: while she's gone.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Oh, that's a little funky ‘cause
dialog: Ethan left some things here and
dialog: asked me to pick them up. Is that
dialog: still cool, or...?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: You’re his...?
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Well, I'm a composer, like Ethan
dialog: but I help him out with whatever...
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: {referring to the music
dialog: coming out of the car)
dialog: Did you compose this?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: No, this is the great Ennio
dialog: Morricone, it's the score from
dialog: Cinema Paradiso.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Oh. I loved that movie. I forgot
dialog: how beautiful the music was.
text: They both listen appreciatively when the horn HONKS. Miles
text: turns. Maggie is clearly ready to go.
speaker_heading: TRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Would it be all right if you came
dialog: around tomorrow and I'1l check all
dialog: this out with Amanda's assistant?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Sure. No problem. Thanks.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (extends her hand)
dialog: I'm Iris.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Miles.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Right.
text: The Santa Anas breeze past them again. As Miles gets back in
text: the car and pulls out the Exit Gate, Iris notices the orange
text: trees in the yard. As the wind drifts, she smells their
text: blossoms.
text: Arthur, (the Older Man introduced on page 2) slowly walks by
text: the open gate on a walker. Supporting his arm is his frumpy
dialog: iccking Black Nurse.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘Evening...
text: Arthur does not look in her direction. Iris notices them
text: heading for the house next docr then spots a SMALL PACKAGE
dialog: 34.
text: sitting outside the gate. Iris quickly rushes to it,
text: grabbing it just before the gate closes.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN — MOMENTS LATER
text: Iris opens THE PACKAGE, a vinyl cooler bag, and inside, finds
text: a small calorie conscious ZONE MEAL.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Why would anyone with this kitchen
dialog: have a meal delivered?
text: Iris opens the Kitchen Cupboards. Nothing but low carb
text: foods, almonds, Pepcid AC, Mylanta. She opens the
dialog: refrigerator. Soy milk, one egg, 50 bottles of water, two
text: bottles of Pinot Grigio. Iris turns back and looks at the
dialog: Zone Meal.
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT - THE KITCHEN — MOMENTS LATER
dialog: This gorgeous, Viking-Ranged, Sub-Zeroed, every Williams—
dialog: Sonoma gadget-ever-made-kitchen has nothing in it to actually
text: eat so Iris SITS ON A STOOL at the HUGE ISLAND and dines on
text: Amanda's tiny ZONE MEAL and a glass of wine.
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA'S BEDROOM - LATER
text: We are CLOSE ON IRIS' LAPTOP SCREEN. We HEAR: "You've got
text: Mail!” with an English accent.
speaker_heading: IRIS' E-MATLS
text: are displayed. Her eyes scan them and stop when she finds
text: what she wants. An e-mail from: JASPER_BLOOM@TIMES.CO.UK.
text: With her heart beating in great anticipation, she opens him
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JASPER'S E-MAIL
dialog: Know we must talk. Maybe it is
dialog: good you are on holiday. Give us
dialog: each a chance to deal with current
text: agendas. Trying hard to be clear
dialog: to myself these days. Know this...
dialog: I think of you and smile so deeply
dialog: that it can no longer be called a
dialog: smile. Maybe scientists will
dialog: discover new word to describe.
dialog: Sleep well. Jas
text: Her heart races. Her legs melt. How does he dc it? Six
text: thousand miles away and she’s still in the palm of his hand.
text: She braces herself and closes the computer.
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Iris climbs into Amanda's king size bed, looks at the clock.
dialog: It's SIX P.M.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: (counts quickly)
dialog: Seven, eight, nine ten, eleven,
dialog: twelve, one... Two a.m. in London.
text: She yawns, notices a BUTTON by the bed, pushes it and is
text: surprised when BLACK OUT BLINDS SIMULTANEOUSLY LOWER all
text: around the room, delivering the room into total darkness. As
text: the Screen turns BLACK, we HEAR:
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: He doesn't love you. Forget him.
dialog: Forget him.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER CLOCK
text: tells us it’s TWO A.M. CAMERA PANS to Amanda, lying WIDE
text: AWAKE in Iris's small double bed. She's not even a little
text: tired. Suddenly, a LOUD KNOCKING on the FRONT DOOR. Amanda
text: quickly rises, runs into the LIVING ROOM. Charlie barks.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (cautiously)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: It's me. Open up, it's freezing.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Iris...It's Graham. Open the
dialog: fucking door before I take a
dialog: fucking leak in your fucking flower
dialog: pot.
text: Amanda quickly OPENS the door and we find the rakishly
text: handsome GRAHAM (from page 2). All twinkly eyes and ruffled
text: hair. He's some exotic and pleasing concoction of
text: helplessness and cockiness. Just at the sight of him, Amanda
text: is for the first time in her life, speechless -- which means
dialog: this man has already changed her.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (clearly drunk)
dialog: You're not Iris.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: No, I'm not.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Oh...then, sorry for my profanity,
dialog: I wasn't expecting...you.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I~I wasn't expecting you either.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Nevertheless...May I just....
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Oh, yes, you have to um....
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
speaker_heading: (ENTERING)
dialog: Yes, I do...
text: (passing her, shakes her
dialog: hand)
dialog: I'm Graham. iris' brother.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Amanda Woods. I'm... staying here.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Amandawoods...Is that all one word?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (watching him disappear
dialog: into the bathroom)
dialog: No. No it's not.
text: The Bathroom Door shuts. Amanda catches herself in the
text: mirror. She tries to fix her hair a little when Graham re-
text: enters. God, he's even cuter the second time you see him.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (locking around)
dialog: So Iris is... Where is she?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: She didn't tell you?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Not that I remember.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: She's in L.A..
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: That's not possible. Iris never
text: leaves town.
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Neither do I. She listed this
text: cottage on a Home Exchange Website.
dialog: I found it and we switched
dialog: houses...for two weeks. For
dialog: vacation. She's in my house in
dialog: L.A. and I'm here.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: No.... People actually do that?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Apparently. Seems here I am... in
dialog: my pajamas.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: She did call me a few times this
dialog: morning but I didn't get a chance
dialog: to get back to her. Feel awful now.
dialog: (a bit woozy)
dialog: Do you mind if I sit, I feel I'm
dialog: going to bump in to you.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: ~- No, no. Sure...sit...
dialog: (Graham sits on the sofa)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Oh, yes, fine. Really sorry about
dialog: the intrusion. Obviously, I had no
dialog: idea about this exchange thing and
dialog: although I may not appear it, I am
dialog: actually Iris' very respectable big
dialog: brother, however, on the rare, or
dialog: not so rare occasion that I come
text: into town and get inordinately
dialog: pissed, my sweet sister, puts me up
dialog: so I don't get behind the wheel.
dialog: Pathetic explanation but,
dialog: unfortunately it's become a bit of
dialog: a routine...
dialog: (to dog)
dialog: Hello Charles.
text: Charlie nuzzles Graham’s leg.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: So how's it going so far...this
dialog: exchange thing... I mean, up until
dialog: I showed up and ruined your night.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Actually it's not going so great.
dialog: I'm leaving tomorrow. On a noon
dialog: plane.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Oh. When did you get here?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Uh, three o'clock. Today.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Abhh. We made a great impression
dialog: on you, have we?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: It's not that....no, it's just that
dialog: I'm not quite myself right now and
dialog: I came here on a stupid whim.
dialog: Honestly, I never thought about
dialog: anything less, very unlike me...and
dialog: the thing is, I don't know what I'm
dialog: doing here... so E thought I should
dialog: go home...where I at least know how
dialog: to drive a car. Would you like
dialog: something to drink? Glass of
dialog: water? Tea? Wine maybe?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Wine would be good. Will you have
dialog: a glass?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: -- Uh...sure.
dialog: 38.
text: Amanda crosses to the Kitchen, brings over an open bottle and
text: two glasses.
speaker_heading: GRAAEM
dialog: Thank you. I'm really sorry but 1
dialog: forgot your name?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Amanda.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes. Amanda Woods. Very good name.
dialog: It looks like you.
text: He makes a fist, indicating she appears strong.
dialog: to him.
text: She sits next
dialog: She's not
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You think I'm...
text: (she imitates his fist)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Well, I imagine everybody does,
dialog: don't they?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yes, but they don't usually spot it
dialog: this fast. Anyway, I don't feel
speaker_heading: BSOe seve
dialog: (makes the fist)
dialog: Whatever. Like it matters.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Are you married?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Married? No, no... No. I'm not.
dialog: No.... No.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: That makes two of us.
dialog: quite sure where this is headed.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: So, is it horrible if I stay? Z'li
dialog: be gone before you even wake up. I
dialog: promise you will never lay eyes on
dialog: me again.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: No, sure, it's fine. Let me just
dialog: get you a blanket.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
text: It's in the cupboard there...on top
text: of the scrabble.
text: Amanda takes out the blanket and an extra pillow and hands
dialog: them to Graham.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: So why is it that you aren't guite
dialog: yourself? I'm sort of curious.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: oh, why..?
dialog: {sitting again)
dialog: Because I...I just broke up with
dialog: someone...yesterday and I guess
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: what I was feeling was that I
dialog: didn't want to be alone over the
dialog: holidays and I thought if I was
dialog: somewhere else, maybe I wouldn't
dialog: realize I was alone but then I got
dialog: here and I've never felt more alone
dialog: in my life. Big surprise.
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Bet you're glad you knocked on this
dialog: door?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: T am actually.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yeah. Well. Sorry and good night.
text: Graham leans over and kisses her. Almost routinely.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Sweet dreams.
text: She digests this, then:
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Do you think you could... Would you
dialog: mind... trying that again?
text: He kisses her again.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Bad?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Weird. I mean, kissing a total
dialog: stranger.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Really? I do it all the time.
text: She leans in, kisses him. Something's not working.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Maybe if I shut my eyes.
text: She shuts her syes and Graham kisses her closed eye lids
text: then kisses her on the mouth. Amanda's eyes open.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, um...given that I'm in a
dialog: bit of a personal crisis and find
dialog: myself in a total stranger's home
dialog: in a town I can't actually remember
dialog: the name of and considering you
dialog: showed up and you're insanely good
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 4)
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
text: looking and really drunk and
dialog: probably won’t remember me anyway,
dialog: I'm thinking.... we should have
dialog: sex. If you want.
text: He looks at her hard.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: That's a fantastic proposition.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yeah...but I’m serious.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: So am I.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: And not that it matters, but I've
dialog: never said anything like that in my
dialog: life. I've had nearly a bottle of
dialog: wine myself and it's just ... the
dialog: whole knowing I'll never see you
dialog: again thing is sort of exciting.
dialog: This is what a vacation is supposed
dialog: to be, right? You're supposed to
dialog: vacate your life. Do the
dialog: unexpected.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: You know this all sounded really
dialog: wonderful until I became the cabana
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: And you're funny. Which is a real
dialog: bonus.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes, well, never meet me when I'm
dialog: sober.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Deal.
text: He pauses, thinks about that, then kisses her.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Also I should warn you...I'm not
dialog: very good at this.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: "This" being?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Um. Sex.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: GRAEAM
dialog: Oh that can't be true.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I know. I look like I'm hot
dialog: but...I'm apparently net. It's
dialog: what I've been told.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: That's harsh.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I agree. Wevertheless, the guy I
dialog: was living with, mentioned it once
dialog: or twice. A girl doesn't forget a
dialog: comment like that. Not even me.
dialog: But I mean, how bad could I
dialog: be...sex is pretty basic. Am I
dialog: pretty much talking you out of it?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Strangely, not at all. How do you
dialog: feel about foreplay?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I think it's overrated.
text: Significantly...overrated.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: You are quickly becoming one of the
dialog: most interesting girls I've ever
dialog: met.
text: Amanda rises, grabs the wine bottle and walks to the stereo,
text: turns it on, then walks backwards, facing Graham, leading him
text: into the bedroom. Graham follows her, unbuttoning his shirt
text: as he goes.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at you, you're already better
dialog: than you think.
scene_heading: EXT, COTTAGE - MORNING
text: Smoke drifts from the fireplace.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Amanda, now in a robe, is trying to figure out the coffee
text: maker when Graham tentatively ENTERS FROM THE BEDROOM, fully
dialog: dressed.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Sood merning.
dialog: 43,
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: Good morning.
text: She continues futzing with the coffee maker.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Can I help you with that?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I should know how to do this...
text: Graham plugs it in.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah, you have te plug them in over
dialog: here...
text: Graham laughs. They're quite close tc each other which makes
text: them both a little uncomfortable. Graham opens a cupbcard,
text: takes out a bottle of Tylenol. Takes two.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Care for one?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I already had four.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: So...Amanda...I just want to...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yeah, listen... You don't have to
dialog: worry about a thing here. Okay?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (unsettled)
dialog: Okay...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I mean it was great meeting you and
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: Definitely.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And, just for the record, your ex-
dialog: boyfriend is, in my opinion, quite
dialog: mistaken about you.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yeah, well, you were drunk.
dialog: AA,
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Not that drunk.
text: Graham's cell phone RINGS. It's on the table, near Amanda.
text: She picks it up. Sees it says, SCPHIE is calling.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (hands it to him)
dialog: Sophie...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (embarrassed, turns it
dialog: off)
dialog: I'll call her back...
text: Amanda nods, opens the cupboards looking for the coffee cups
text: Graham opens the correct cupboard, hands one to her.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You don't want one?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I should really be going.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: -- Listen, I know you don't want to
dialog: get involved...and you're leaving
dialog: today and just so you know, I have
dialog: rather enormous issues of my own
dialog: and even if you were staying, I can
dialog: promise you, you wouldn't for one
dialog: minute like...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (stopping him)
dialog: -~ You don't have to do this. I'm
dialog: damaged in this area myself. And
dialog: anyway, I mean..-honesty, we hardly
dialog: know each other.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Well, I wouldn't exactly say that.
dialog: Anyway, I just wanted to assure
dialog: you, you're better off.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: No need to go on. Right. Well, I
dialog: just wanted to be sure you are ckay
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: because I'm somewhat emotionally
dialog: dysfunctional at this point in my
dialog: life and it seems I tend to hurt
dialog: women simply by being myself.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I'm not going to fall in love with
dialog: you. I promise.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Okay. Nicely put. Thank you.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I mean, I know myself. I'm not
dialog: sure I even fall in love. Not like
dialog: the way other people do. How's that
dialog: for something to admit?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Well, like I said, Most Interesting
dialog: Girl Award.
speaker_heading: AMANDA.
dialog: I'm going to try to see that as a
dialog: compliment.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: You should.
dialog: (putting on his coat and
dialog: scart)
dialog: Okay, se, this is refreshing.
dialog: Utter honesty. Alright then, so
dialog: you probably won't be hearing from
dialog: me because even if you wanted to,
dialog: which you clearly don't...I have
dialog: the classic male problem of no
dialog: follow through. Absolutely never
dialog: remember to call after a date....
dialog: But... as this wasn't a date, I
dialog: guess I'm off the hook.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (takes a sec...)
dialog: But what if I wanted to call you?
text: Amanda doesn't know what to say.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Right. Well, if your flight is
dialog: cancelled or you change your
dialog: mind...I'm meeting some friends in
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: the pub in town tonight...and if
dialog: not...then....Well...You're lovely.
text: She crosses to him.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: So are you.
text: They hug.
scene_heading: INT. HEATHROW ATRPORT - LATER
text: Canned Christmas music plays as Camera finds Amanda at the
text: HEAD OF A LONG LINE OF PASSENGERS.
text: She stands across the table from a Uniformed Guard in latex
text: gloves routinely feeling around the edges of her open
text: suitcase. She watches as he starts to unzip her make up bag.
text: She CLOSES HER EYES and HEARS and SEES the trailer version of
dialog: her life continuing.
scene_heading: QUICK CUT - AMANDA WALKING THE SNOWY LANE WITH HER SUITCASE
scene_heading: TRAILER GUY'S VOICE
dialog: She wasn't looking for love.
scene_heading: QUICK CUT —- AMANDA OPENING THE DOOR AND SEEING GRAHAM.
speaker_heading: TRAILER GUY'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: But that doesn't mean it didn't
dialog: find her.
scene_heading: QUICK CUT - AMANDA & GRAHAM KISSING AGAINST THE BEDROOM WALL
text: BACK TO REALITY
text: Amanda realizes her suitcase has passed inspection. She
text: moves along in line.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: A BLACK SCREEN
text: We hear fumbling then the BUZZ of the BLINDS BEING RAISED.
text: We’re in AMANDA'S BEDROOM IN BRENTWOOD. Iris just woke up.
text: As her eyes adjust, she sees her fantastic surroundings and a
text: huge smile crosses her face. She remembers she's happy. She
text: hits a button on the Bose cD player on the night table and
text: Aerosmith blasts through the reom. She begins to dance
text: around while still lying under the covers. Her cell phone
text: RINGS. She lowers the Music.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (cheerfully into phone)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: JASPER'S VOICE
dialog: Where am I finding you?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (stunned, sobered)
dialog: Jasper?
speaker_heading: JASPER'S VOICE
dialog: Is it okay that I'm calling you?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I guess... How are you?
speaker_heading: JASPER'S VOICE
dialog: Could we start with a less
dialog: complicated question?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: {laughs but cautious)
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: JASPER'S VOICE
dialog: How long are you going to be there?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Two weeks. Why?
speaker_heading: JASPER'S VOICE
dialog: I guess I can wait, but I'm having
dialog: some real problems with this
dialog: section of my book. I could use
dialog: some Iris.
dialog: (Iris starts to deflate)
dialog: Would it be awful to send you some
dialog: pages? Just tell me if it is.
dialog: I don't want to mess you up but I
dialog: know you're the only one who can
dialog: help me.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Well, I mean, if you need me...
text: Iris hits the BLACK OUT BUTTON again and the BLINDS start to
text: LOWER. As she SLOWLY GOES INTO DARKNESS, their conversation
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: JASPER'S VOICE
dialog: You know you're my little survival
dialog: kit.
speaker_heading: (Iris SIGHS)
dialog: Now, honey, I want you to promise
dialog: me you'll have fun today, okay?
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: TRIS
scene_heading: (from TOTAL DARKNESS)
dialog: Okay. I'll do my best.
scene_heading: INT. SURREY PUB - ENGLAND - NICHT
text: The pub is smoxy, noisy and packed too tight. Graham ENTERS,
text: his face red from the cold, scarf around his neck. His eyes
text: scan the place for Amanda. She's not there. He hides his
text: disappointment, then brightens when he finds his friends, a
text: COUPLE his age, at a table in the back. He joins his friends
text: and orders a drink. His friend says something to make him
text: laugh, which he does wistfully. As he takes off his scarf,
text: he looks up and sees Amanda through the crowd, sitting at the
text: bar, watching him. He breaks into a smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: POV OF BRENTWOOD STREET ~ MOVING - LATE DAY
text: From the windshield of Amanda's Prius.
speaker_heading: GPS VOICE
text: Turn left in 50 feet.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (imitating the voice)
dialog: Thank you very much...
text: IRIS drives, eating potato chips. She turns a corner and
text: passes her elderly neighbor, Arthur, walking alone. He seems
text: dost. Iris drives past him slowly, looks at him in her rear
text: view mirror then backs up, gets out, approaches him. She
text: speaks to him as if he's not only old but deaf.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me, but... may I offer you a
dialog: lift home?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: Why? You know where I live?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: I believe I do. Yes.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Good, then that makes one of us.
text: Surprised by his sharpness, Iris opens the passenger door,
text: places Arthur's walker in the backseat then helps Arthur in
text: to the front seat. Iris runs back to the driver's side,
text: jumps in, starts driving. Arthur removes something from his
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (taking it}
dialog: oh, sorry. Movie Star map. I was
dialog: sightseeing all day. Did you know
dialog: Antonic Banderas, Goldie Hawn,
dialog: Duetin Hoffman and Arnold
dialog: Schwartzenedger all live within a
dialog: mile of here?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: No, I did not.
speaker_heading: IRTS
dialog: I don't know if it's true, but it's
dialog: what the map said. I'm staying at
dialog: the house right next door to you.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
text: Which one? The brick monstrosity
dialog: or the one behind the gates no one
dialog: can see.
speaker_heading: IRIS
text: I'm in the one behind the gates.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Yeah? How is it back there?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Beautiful actually. This is you,
dialog: right here, isn't it?
text: Iris pulls into Arthur's driveway. He lives in a classic
text: Spanish Hacienda with a neatly groomed lawn.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Had no idea I was so close.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Your house is quite lovely. Looks
dialog: a little like Spielberg's house
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: ~- Smaller?
speaker_heading: iRIS
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Just a little.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I've lived here 47 years. Back
dialog: then there were only 6 houses on
dialog: this block. Every year, they tear
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: another one down...not that I blame
dialog: them...they weren't great to begin
dialog: with but that's how I got confused,
dialog: didn't recognize one house.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: That would be confusing.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What part of England are you from?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Surrey.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Cary Grant was from Surrey.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: That's right, he was. How'd you
dialog: know that?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: He told me once. Well, I thank you
dialog: very much young lady...
text: Arthur can't find the door handle, keeps feeling for it.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: You are very welcome. Let me help
dialog: you with that.
text: Iris runs around to Arthur's side, opens the door, helps him
text: out, hands him his walker and escorts him up the path toward
dialog: hie house.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Well, this was some meet cute.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Sorry?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
text: It's how two characters meet in a
dialog: movie. Say a man and a woman both
dialog: need something to sleep in and both
dialog: go to the same Men's Pajama
text: Department. The man says to the
dialog: salesman, "I just need bottoms” and
dialog: the woman says, "I just need a
text: top". They look at each other and
dialog: that's it. That's the meet cute.
dialog: This isn't quite that cute, but...
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: So, you're in the film business?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Was. Yes I was. I was a writer.
text: They've arrived at Arthur's FRONT DOOR. Arthur takes out his
text: key, his hand shakes as he tries to get it in the keyhole.
text: Iris watches as he repeatedly tries to insert the key.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: I could be here 'til tomorrow.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (snapping to)
dialog: Oh. Sorry. Let me help you.
text: Iris takes the key, opens the door and helps Arthur in.
scene_heading: INT. ARTHUR'S HOUSE
text: Faded seventies decor. Iris peeks through the rooms, sees an
text: office with lots of books, a cluttered desk, an electric
text: typewriter and sitting in front of a window, amongst assorted
text: knick-knacks -- a dusty Oscar. Stunned, Iris turns her
text: attention back to Arthur who is slowly turning on a lamp.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Well... Um...Good-bye then. I
dialog: enjoyed our meet cute.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I thank you for rescuing me.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Pleasure...absolutely.
text: {notices a lousy looking
dialog: dinner on a tray)
dialog: You know...I hope you don't find
dialog: this strange, but I've just arrived
dialog: in town, don't really know anyone
dialog: and I was thinking of going out to
dialog: dinner tonight...if you're not
dialog: busy, would you like to join me?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Busy? Honey, I haven't been busy
dialog: since 1978.
scene_heading: INT. KATE MANTELLINI - NIGHT
text: Iris and Arthur sit in a booth by the window, mid-meal. Both
dialog: are drinking beer.
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: So that was your first job in
dialog: Hollywood? Louis B. Mayer's cffice
dialog: boy? That's amazing.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Actually, my first job was as a
dialog: Western Union messenger. That's
dialog: how I met Mayer. I delivered a
text: telegram to his office at MGM.
dialog: When I walked in, the girls in the
dialog: office were all in a tizzy...their
dialog: office boy didn't show up and the
dialog: boss was screaming. I volunteered
dialog: for the jcb and the next day I was
dialog: on the payroll. I was seventeen
dialog: years old.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Wow. Then how long after that did
dialog: you become a screenwriter?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Well, you gotta remember, there was
dialog: no such thing as film school back
dialog: then. You learned by being there.
dialog: I met everybody working in Mayer's
dialog: office -- all the big stars, the
dialog: directors... But the ones who
dialog: impressed me were the writers.
dialog: They were witty, sophisticated guys
dialog: with huge intellects... not to
dialog: mention, they got all the great
dialog: women. So I started writing and
dialog: before long I was in the writer's
dialog: building. They gave me a lovely
text: office, a desk, a secretary, a big
dialog: davenport. I never wanted to leave.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: So Hollywood really was as great
dialog: back then as I imagine.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: It was better...
dialog: (takes a good look at her)
dialog: You know what I've been asking
dialog: myself all night? Why would a
dialog: beautiful girl like you go to a
dialog: stranger's house for her Christmas
dialog: vacation and on top of that, spend
dialog: her Saturday night with an old
dialog: cocker like me. That's gotta be a
dialog: story.
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Oh, because I just wanted to get
dialog: away from the people I see all the
dialog: time.... Well, not all the people.
dialog: One person... I wanted to get away
dialog: from...one...guy....ome old
dialog: boyfriend...whoe just got engaged...
dialog: (her eyes fill up)
dialog: and forgot to tell me...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: -. So, he's a schmick.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (laughs, wiping her eyes)
dialog: As a matter of fact, he is. How did
dialog: you know?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: He let you go. This is not a hard
dialog: one to figure out.
dialog: {Iris locks up surprised,
text: her eyes still watery)
dialog: Iris, in the movies, we have
dialog: leading ladies and we have the best
dialog: friend. You, I can tell, are a
dialog: leading lady but for some reason,
dialog: you're acting like the best friend.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (tearful)
dialog: I've been in therapy for three
dialog: years and my dector has never
dialog: explained anything to me that well.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You don’t live to be my age,
dialog: without learning something.
text: Arthur hands Iris his handkerchief. She wipes her eyes.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: So, maybe one day while you're
dialog: here, I'il take you for a drive and
dialog: show you the old Hollywood. The
dialog: one I knew.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Would you really? What about now?
dialog: Bre you too tired?
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I haven't been out of the house at
dialog: this hour in years. Now you want
dialog: to go for a drive?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Well, only if you want to.
scene_heading: POV OF THE SUNSET STRIP - NIGHT - MOVING
text: Billboards for Gucci, iPod, Skyy Vodka. Bright and brash.
scene_heading: IRIS DRIVES AMANDA'S CAR
text: at a steady pace. Arthur sits next to her.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Okay, look up here on the right.
dialog: That was The Trocadero. The
text: swankiest. of the swank. Black tie
dialog: every night. I first laid eyes on
dialog: my wife right there. It was
text: raining. She was standing under an
text: umbrella in a satin dress the color
dialog: of champagne.
text: Iris LOOKS OVER at the SPOT where the Trocadero was and sees
text: AN EMPTY PARKING LOT next to Chin Chin. Arthur doesn't seem
text: To see the empty lot as he looks out at it and smiles to
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: DRIVING
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: All right, over here, that was
dialog: Ciro's.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I've heard of that.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Anyone who was anyone went to
dialog: Ciro's. They had a terrific
dialog: orchestra. And great fights brceke
dialog: eut at Ciro's. Every night ended
text: with a black eye. It was
dialog: tremendous.
text: iris looks over and sees THE COMEDY STORE where Ciro's used
dialog: to be.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, now, this place was owned by
dialog: the great Preston Sturges.
dialog: 55.
text: Iris LOOKS OUT her window and sees MIYAGI'S a large JAPANESE
scene_heading: RESTAURANT.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: It used to be called The Player's
dialog: Club. He opened it in the summer
dialog: of 1940 and if he felt like closing
dialog: down for the night and just
dialog: antertaining his cronies, that's
dialog: what he did. To me, this was the
dialog: hilt.
text: Arthur stares up at the Player's Club and for a split second,
text: SEES IT AS IT ONCE WAS: 1940's Packards and Caddies lining
text: the curb and elegantly dressed Men and Women entering the
text: front door.
text: Tris looks over at Arthur. He realizes he's been day
dialog: dreaming.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: I think that's enough, kid. I'm
dialog: pooped.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Yeah. Me too.
text: They drive in silence. The neon bouncing off the windshield.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: On the way home, we'll take a
dialog: little detour. I'll show you
text: Bogart's house.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Great.
scene_heading: EXT. ROLLING HILLS - SURREY ~- EARLY MORNING
text: An early mist drifts over the snowy fields.
scene_heading: INT. IRIS' LITTLE KITCHEN
text: This time it's Graham at the Coffee maker. He's wearing last
text: night's clothes. He hears a loud CL y an "Ouch!!!" from
text: the Bedroom and then Charlie skids out of the room. Then,
text: Amanda STUMBLES IN, locking ship wrecked. She holds onto the
dialog: docr frame.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I haven't had that much to drink
dialog: in... What am I saying? I've
dialog: never had that much to drink.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes... I believe no one ever has.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: The last thing I remember was
dialog: coming in here last night and--
text: She spots her bra perched on a lamp shade. She shrieks, then
text: looks up at Graham.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: T had nothing to do with that.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (embarrassed to death)
dialog: But you were here.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I was.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (pointing to bedroom)
dialog: Then I guess we...
text: (Graham shakes his head
dialog: "no’)
dialog: We didn't?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: We did not.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Thank God... I mean, act “thank
dialog: God" but just thank God because I
dialog: didn't remember doing it. All I
dialog: remember is waking up to Charlie
dialog: licking my toes.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Now that was me actually.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: It was not!
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: No, it wasn't.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: {getting it straight)
dialog: Was not.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Was not. I was...kidding.
dialog: Obviously not very well.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: So now why didn't we...? Can you
dialog: remind me a little?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Amanda, call me old fashioned but
dialog: one does not have sex with women
text: who are unconscious.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Unconscious. Oh. That must've
dialog: been attractive. Why did you stay?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Because you asked me to.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Oh, I did. Didn't I? Oh, man...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: From the moment I met you, it's
dialog: been an adventure.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yes and I'm deeply sorry about
dialog: that. I have nothing to say for
dialog: myself other than, I must be
dialog: temporarily nuts right now...it’s
dialog: the holidays, I'm jet lagged ..I'm
text: obviously still reacting to this
dialog: break up or meeting you or...
text: Graham's cell phone RINGS. It is on the table closest to
text: Amanda. She picks it up, reads it.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Olivia. Sorry. I didn’t mean to
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I should probably take this one.
text: Graham very warmly says "Hello" as he EXITS OUT THE FRONT
text: DOOR. Amanda WATCHES GRAHAM THROUGH THE WINDOW, talking on
text: his cell in the FRONT YARD. He's laughing. Amanda can't
text: help but feel a little jealous.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Olivia. Sophie. Amanda... Busy
dialog: guy...
text: Amanda pours herself a cup of coffee as Graham RE-ENTERS.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I think we should go into town.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I think you should get dressed, we
dialog: should take a drive, get some lunch
dialog: and get to know each other.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Really? Why?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Because I'm running out of reasons
dialog: why we shouldn't. Aren't you?
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER -— MOVING - DAY
text: Graham drives. The classic winter landscape of the English
text: countryside whizzes by... a distant castle, rolling hills.
text: Amanda looks over at Graham, and unlike Ethan, he looks back
text: and smiles. Their eyes connect.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE STREET - MOMENTS LATER
text: Graham and Amanda walk past the local shops. A Young Camilla
text: Parker-Bowles type passes carrying groceries.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (surprised to see him)
dialog: Graham. .i
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
text: {not pausing as they pass
dialog: her)
dialog: Cynthia...
text: Cynthia stops, checks Amanda out.
text: Amanda and Graham pass by the BUTCHER SHOP. The YOUNG FEMALE
text: BUTCRER can be seen THROUGH THE WINDOW. Both the Female
text: Butcher and her OLDER FEMALE CUSTOMER turn to see Graham and
text: Amanda pass. Graham nods to them both. The Customer reaches
text: on her tippy toes to see them better. Amanda notices.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: very small village...
text: Another Woman, Amanda's age, passes, pushing a toddler ina
dialog: stroller. .
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: (very friendly)
dialog: Hey, look who's...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes, how ‘bout that.
text: The Toddler cranes her neck out of the stroller to watch
text: them. Graham grabs Amanda's hand and quickens their pace.
text: At a stoplight, a real Knock Out sits behind the wheel of her
text: Jaguar XK. She glares at Graham. He waves politely. She
text: gives him the finger.
scene_heading: INT. GRAHAM'S RANGE ROVER -~ DRIVING - FAST
text: They're back on the open road.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I have a much better place to take
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Somewhere maybe a little less
dialog: crowded?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Less crowded and also much more
dialog: less crowded.
scene_heading: EXT. BABINGTON HOUSE - DAY
text: The Range Rover drives down a long country lane, bracketed by
text: enormous oak trees. At the end of the lane, a quiet Country
text: Estate turned COUNTRY HOTEL.
scene_heading: INT. BABINGTON HOUSE RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Amanda and Graham sit across from one another in this idyllic
text: spot. A fire crackles in the fireplace.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: So... you're a book editor?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes I am.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: In London I presume?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I commute every day except when I'm
dialog: actually editing, then I work at
dialog: home. It's why I live out here, I
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: couldn't live in London any more
dialog: and get things done. Too many
text: distractions.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Seems to me there's no shortage cf
dialog: distractions out here.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: That’s not entirely true.
speaker_heading: AMANTA
dialog: So what kind of an editor are you?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: A very mean one.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: No, what I meant was, do you give
dialog: massive notes or..?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Well, the better the writer, the
dialog: less notes I have to give.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Right. And what did you study in
dialog: schooi?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Literature.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Did you always know this waa what
dialog: you wanted to do?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Okay, my palms are starting to
dialog: sweat, I feel like I'm on a job
dialog: interview.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I know. I'm interrogating you. I'm
dialog: sorry. I haven't been on a first
dialog: date in a long time.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Well, since we've already had sex
dialog: and slept together twice, I think
dialog: we can bend the first date rules.
dialog: Why are you blushing?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I don't know. I think you make me
dialog: nervous. I'm going to try to he
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: She takes
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: myself with you...never easy, but
dialog: I'm going to try.
text: a deep breath.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Ckay, we're doing well. Now what
dialog: was the question? Oh, did I always
dialog: know I wanted to be a book editor.
dialog: The answer is... Yes I did. My
dialog: family's in publishing. My
dialog: father's a writer of historical
dialog: fiction and my mother was and is to
dialog: this day, a very important editor
dialog: at Random House.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Wow. So you grew up with a busy,
dialog: important, working Mom.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes I did. She's very formidable.
dialog: May be the best there is at the job
dialog: and doesn't let you forget it.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Are your parents still together?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: My parents are not only still
dialog: together, they are still madiy in
dialog: love. Hideously so.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Why hideously so?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Because, honestly, it borders on
dialog: obscene. They're old and they've
text: been spotted making out while
text: walking the dogs. They call each
dialog: other ten times a day. They set
dialog: the bar very high when it comes to
dialog: relationships and commitment which
dialog: could explain my sister in love
text: with a man who does not even
dialog: appreciate her and of course, my
dialog: disastrous romantic life. Okay,
dialog: believe your time's up. Your turn.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Well, like I said the other night,
dialog: I own a company that does movie
dialog: advertising.
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I didn't realize you owned the
dialog: company.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: That's because I probably didn't
dialog: mention it but now that I know you
dialog: were raised by such a strong
dialog: working mother, I can say it and
dialog: maybe you won't be intimidated by
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: No, no, I'm still a little
text: intimidated by it.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Well, "a little” is way ahead of
dialog: the curve.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: What about your family?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: My parents broke up when I was 15.
dialog: It was, at the very least...the
dialog: defining event of my life. I'm an
dialog: only child and I just didn't see it
dialog: coming. We were very close, we
dialog: used to call ourselves The Three
text: Musketeers and then one night,
dialog: after dinner, my parents sat me
dialog: down and told me they were breaking
dialog: up. I thought they were kidding,
dialog: then I saw a suitcase out of the
text: corner of my eye. In the hallway.
dialog: My Dad moved out that night. I
dialog: think I cried myself to sleep for
dialog: months. Then I realized I had to
dialog: toughen up so I refused to let
dialog: myself cry. Sort of haven't cried
dialog: since. I also haven't thought of
dialog: that packed suitcase maybe ever.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: You haven't cried since you were
dialog: fifteen? Really?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I know it must mean something
dialog: awful. I know. And I try but it's
dialog: like something just permanently
dialog: shut off in there. Anyway, my
dialog: Dad's remarried and my Mom's still
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: single...of course but she's very
dialog: strong. This has had its effect on
dialog: me. Obviously. I'm still talking
dialog: about it 17 years later...
dialog: (rubs her chest)
dialog: Can't we talk about you some more?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (bailing her out)
dialog: Yes. Absolutely. Okay. Well...1
dialog: ery all the time.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You do not.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes Ido. I cry more than any
dialog: woman you've ever met.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You don't have to be this nice.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I happen to be telling the truth.
dialog: A good book, a great film, the
dialog: opera... I more than cry. I weep.
dialog: I'm a major weeper. It's pathetic,
dialog: is what it is. Strangers have made
dialog: fun of me...
text: Amanda softens and as MUSIC BEGINS we DISSOLVE THROUGH TO the
text: REST OF TEE THETR MEAL, their conversation is lively and
text: warm. DISSOLVE TO LATER and Graham moves his seat from across
text: the table to next to Amanda on the banquette. LATER, THEY
text: WALK THE SNOW COVERED GROUNDS... sit on a snow covered
text: hillside, lean back and kiss, the snow creating a blanket
text: underneath them.
scene_heading: EXT. IRIS' COTTAGE - LATE DAY
text: The Rangé Rover pulls up to the cottage.
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You're right. This was a great
dialog: idea.
dialog: (Graham TURNS OFF the car)
dialog: You don't have to... walk me in...
dialog: (he reacts)
dialog: I mean, it’s freezing and...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: -- You can just say you don't want
dialog: me to come in.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: It’s not that, I'm just tired, I
dialog: think I'm gonna take a nap and...
dialog: (sees his reaction)
dialog: It's not that.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Okay, I'll pretend I believe you.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Graham, I'm leaving in nine days
dialog: and that makes this complicated and
dialog: I'm not sure I can handle
dialog: complicated right now.
text: Graham nods. She kisses him. He holds back. She kisses him
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: And that doesn't make it
dialog: complicated?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Sex makes everything complicated.
dialog: Even when you don't have it, the
dialog: not having it makes things
dialog: complicated.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Which is why it's usually better to
dialog: have it. -- Some say.
text: (she laughs but doesn't
dialog: bite)
dialog: Okay, it's bloody freezing.
text: He turns the car back on.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I know, I'm gonna sieep in my coat
dialog: and possibly my boots...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: We're back to being awkward with
dialog: each other. Did you see this
dialog: coming?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Graham, you're a book editor from
dialog: London, I make trailers in L.A..
dialog: A long distance relationship would
dialog: just baffle me but I do find you
dialog: really attractive and sexy.
text: Incredibly attractive and sexy.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes, well, saying it twice helps.
dialog: Well... I'm off to work in the
dialog: morning. I promise I won't be
dialog: drunkenly banging on your door any
dialog: time soon.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Do IT have your number?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I'm in the directory.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Great. And you obviously have the
dialog: number here. So, we'll see each
dialog: other, okay? We'll figure
dialog: something out.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Good.
text: Amanda gets out of the car, shivers, making him laugh, then
text: runs into the house. Graham sits there, thinking.
text: HEAR a DOORBELL.
scene_heading: AND A DOOR OPENS - IN L.A.
text: And Miles is on the other side of it, holding a Fed Ex
dialog: package.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Hello. Bad timing?
text: Iris, on the other side of the door. Happy to see him.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: No, come on in. Hi.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: I'm good, I'm good.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: This Fed Ex was leaning on the
dialog: gate.
dialog: {reads it)
dialog: From London, England.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: {opening the Fed Ex)
dialog: Oh, a friend of mine is writing a
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: book and I give him notes
dialog: sometimes.
text: Inside the Fed Ex are about 20 typed pages with a NOTE CARD
text: paper-clipped on the front.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE NOTE CARD - JASPER BLOOM STATICNARY
text: But the card is blank. Iris turns the card over. Also
text: blank. Iris pales a bit then places the package on the
dialog: table.
text: Miles hears VOICES FROM THE KITCHEN.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You have company?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Oh. I'm having a little Chanukah
dialog: party.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: What did you... join a temple since
dialog: I last saw you?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: My neighbor next door knew I didn't
dialog: know anyone here so he wanted to
dialog: introduce me to some of his
dialog: friends... and...somehow it turned
dialog: into a Chanukah thing. Come on in.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (following her in)
dialog: Alright, I'm into the dreidel.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Arthur and two of his friends, ERNIE and NORMAN, both around
text: 80, sit around the table. The men all look sharp. Marta,
text: the Mexican Housekeeper makes latkes at the cooktop. Miles
text: and Iris ENTER, the boys quiet down.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: This is Miles...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Kendall.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Miles Kendall. Arthur Abbott.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (floored)
dialog: Arthur Abbottit What a thrill to
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: meet you. I didn't know you lived
dialog: around here.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: That's code for, you didn’t know I
dialog: was still alive.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Not true. I absolutely knew you
dialog: were alive, I just didn’t know you
dialog: lived in the neighborhood. It's a
dialog: privilege to meet you.
dialog: 67.
text: He heartily shakes Arthur's hand. Arthur notices the way Iris
text: looks at Miles.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You going to join us?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Arthur, no... He's just here to
text: pick up a laptop.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Actually I'd love to. I= mean if
dialog: you have enough...
text: Iris opens her mouth but Arthur answers.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: We've got plenty. Sit next to Iris.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CHANUKAH CANDLES
dialog: down to almost nothing. A good time is being had
text: Miles is enthralled and refilling everyone's wine
text: All the guys, including Miles are smoking cigars.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: -- Don't listen to them, they're
dialog: nuts.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: So you're saying you weren't a
dialog: ladies man?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Never. I married very young.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Yes, because he had the greatest
dialog: girl in town and he had to marry
dialog: her to take her off the market.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: by all.
dialog: glasses.
dialog: Miles and
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: ERNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Everyone loved Marion. She was
dialog: fun, smart as a whip, greatest
dialog: laugh...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What'd he sey? She had the
dialog: greatest ass?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Greatest laugh!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Although her ass wasn't so bad
dialog: either.
text: Iris exchange a laugh.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: She had real gumption. She was the
dialog: girl I always wrote...
text: Iris is touched by that.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: What about you Miles..,you're a man
dialog: about town, I presume.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: No, gents, I sadly, am not.. I'm
dialog: just a one woman at a time kinda
dialog: guy. I've been dating a beautiful
dialog: actress for about eight months. I
dialog: don't know what she sees in me but
dialog: I know I'm the luckiest guy in the
dialog: world to know her.
dialog: Iris tries not to react. I mean, she hardly knows the guy
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Oh, she's an actress. What's she
dialog: been in? Anything I would've seen?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: She hasn't done that much yet. She
dialog: was a girl in the cafeteria in Mean
dialog: Girls...a cigarette girl in The
dialog: Aviator...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: And where is she tonight?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
text: Lock - he’s half dead and still
dialog: interested.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: He said, ‘cigarette girl'...I'm
dialog: curious. He's with us... Where is
dialog: she?
text: Again Arthur takes note of Iris' interest.
speaker_heading: MILES
text: She's on location in New Mexico.
text: Working on a little indy film.
dialog: She'll be there for about 10 days.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Well, her loss is our gain.
text: {looks at Iris looking at
dialog: Miles)
dialog: Fellas, I think we should leave
dialog: these young folks and get back to
dialog: our bedpans.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Norman, you're calling me for
dialog: pinochle...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I got your cell. I'11 be in touch.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - A LITTLE LATER
text: Iris opens the door for Miles who holds Ethan's lap top and
text: some tin-foiled left overs.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Totally great night. You know,
dialog: Arthur Abbott is maybe the last of
dialog: the great Hollywood writers from
dialog: that generation. There are like
dialog: famous things we say...because he
dialog: wrote them.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I knew. He told me his friends
dialog: wrote Casablanca but he added the
dialog: "kid" to “Here's looking at you,
dialog: kid."
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Hello... Which totally makes the
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Absolutely. "Here's looking at
dialog: you, Ilsa"...?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Not so memorable.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: He's so modest. He gave me this
dialog: long list of eld movies I had to
dialog: see...none written by him of
dialog: course. I saw a couple today. They
dialog: were fantastic.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Maybe we can see one together
dialog: sometime.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: That would be .great.
text: A warm wind from outside blows toward them.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Okay, s0...then, I'll call you.
dialog: (kisees her on the cheek)
dialog: The brisket was great....loved the
dialog: latkes... Great hangin‘ with you...
text: (kisses her on the cheek
dialog: again)
dialog: Sorry, didn't mean to kiss you
dialog: twice. .
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: No problem.
text: Miles exits, facing more wind.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Crazy weather.
speaker_heading: _ IRIS
dialog: I know.
dialog: vol
text: Tris feels her cheek where Miles kissed her. she cLosps tu:
text: DOOR, looks at JASPER'S PAGES, lifts them up, then oh Y
text: her mind and places them back on the table. saad
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA'’S LARGE, LUXURIOUS BATHROOM — MINUTES LATER |
text: Iris runs a bath. She locks at Amanda's assortment of Rat
dialog: Producta: Anti-Stress Bath Oil, Stress Relief Sea dats, '
dialog: Stress Less Mineral Bath, Breathe Tranquil Bubbling Bath. |!
dialog: Relaxing Bath Salts and Calming Body Cleanser. Tris pts ©
dialog: little in of each. :
dialog: 
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Thank you Amanda.
text: HOT STEAMY WATER RUSHING OUT OF A TUB FAUCET
text: A HAND turns it off. We are IN IRIS’ TINY BATHROOM. NIGHT.
text: Amanda lies in Iris' tiny tub. It's so small, it's
text: impossible to stretch out in it. It's quiet. Then:
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I'm not sure I can handle
dialog: complicated!?! God! I can be such
text: an ass-hole.
scene_heading: TRAILER GUY'S VOICE
dialog: Amanda Woods..!
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Shut up!
scene_heading: TRAILER GUY'S VOICE
dialog: She pushed every guy away, every
dialog: time. It's not will she ever
dialog: change, but does she want to?
text: Big SPLASH as Amanda gets out of the tub.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Mini Cooper pulls into the gravel drive of this
text: beautiful, warmly lit house and parks. Amanda steps out,
text: wearing 4" heels and a chic coat. She reaches into the car
text: for a bottle of wine, a baguette, and some gourmet goodies.
text: She heads toward the front door, gathering her strength. She
text: notices smoke coming out of the chimney.
speaker_heading: KNOCK KNOCK
text: Amanda stands at the door. No one answers. She rings the
text: bell, licks her lips, she’s a little nervous. She hears music
text: coming from inside. Then, suddenly, there he is.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
text: answers the door, shirt tail out, hair a bit messed.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Surprise!
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes. It is. Hi.
text: Graham eases the door closed so that nothing can be seen
dialog: 72.
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Hi. So, I was heme doing nothing
dialog: and thinking of you and realized a
dialog: little complication never hurt
dialog: anyone and then I thought, maybe
dialog: this isn't complicated at all and I
dialog: thought how silly it was that we
dialog: were each in our houses -- alone --
dialog: five miles apart and also, I wanted
dialog: to apologize.... I really am sorry
dialog: for not inviting you in this
dialog: afternoon. I don't know what that
dialog: was about exactly...
dialog: (seeing him grow
dialog: increasingly
dialog: uncomfortable)
dialog: -- but whatever it was, I thought I
dialog: should get over it and try to...
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: You're... not alone are you?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Uk, no I'm not actually. I'm
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: No, don't be. I shouldn't've
dialog: just... Oh. Man.
dialog: (Graham looks pained)
dialog: Seriously. Do not worry about
dialog: this. Thie was just me being
dialog: stupid.
text: With that, the door OPENS UP A BIT and standing at Graham's
text: side is a precious FIVE YEAR OLD LITTLE GIRL.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: {in a loud whisper)
dialog: Who is it Daddy?
text: Amanda looks from the child to Graham.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: {also in a loud whisper)
dialog: Daddy?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes, I am Daddy. Amanda, this is
dialog: my daughter, Sophie. Sophis, this
dialog: is a friend of mine, Amanda.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I'm...fine, thank you. How are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Very well, thank you. Do you want
dialog: to come in?
text: With that the DOOR PUSHES OPEN EVEN MORE and an ADORABLE FOUR
text: YEAR OLD GIRL, holding a blanket stands next to her sister.
speaker_heading: LITTLE ONE
dialog: Daddy, who is this?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: {lifts the little one into
dialog: his arms)
dialog: This is Amanda. Amanda, my
dialog: youngest, Clivia.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (putting it together)
dialog: Sophie and Clivia...
text: Olivia extends her little hand. Amanda, stunned, shakes it.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Your hand is cold.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Sorry, I ama little cold.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: {nudges Graham)
dialog: Dad...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Sorry. Yes. Of course. Come in,
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: A big Christmas tree with lots of kids ornaments sits in the
text: large, warm Living Room. A family lives here. Amanda enters
text: a bit dazed by it all. Confused and starting to feel
text: horrified, she looks around for a wife.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Can we still have hot chocolate,
dialog: please?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: With baby marshmallows?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Dad, take her coat.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes... May I?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Sure, thanks.
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Are you married? Tell me fast.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: No...
text: Amanda takes off her coat to reveal a drop dead gorgeous, low-
text: cut, sexy dress. Olivia, Sophie and Graham just stare at
text: her. Olivia giggles.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I know I'm a tad overdressed.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: I ilove that dress. It's gorgeous.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: You look Like my Barbie!
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Oh. Thanks.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: (noticing the wine and
dialog: goodies)
dialog: Is that for us?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yes, but, sorry about the wine.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: He'll drink it, don't worry.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes, the idiot will drink it.
dialog: 
dialog: 75.
text: Sophie takes the wine and things from Amanda. The Girls dig
text: through the bag to see what she's brought.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I apologize for not mentioning this
dialog: earlier...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You're...
dialog: (spells)
scene_heading: d-i-v-o-r-c-e-d?
text: Amanda sighs. The Girls turn around to see what caused that
dialog: reaction.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Amanda, are you by any chance at
dialog: all into hot chocolate?
text: The Girls look to her. Is she?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: As a matter of fact, I'm totally
dialog: into it.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: The Three Girls sit at the table as Graham fixes muge of hot
text: chocolate, topping each mug off with tiny marshmallows. He's
text: very handy in the kitchen, very at ease. The girls artwork
text: hangs ail over the cabinets.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
text: (as he hands the little
dialog: one a cup)
dialog: Qlivia...it's hot, blow on it.
text: Olivia immediately starts to sip it.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM/SOPHIE
dialog: (at the same time)
dialog: Blow on it!!
text: Amanda watches how great they are together. Graham then
text: hands a cup to Sophie.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: You too, Soph.
dialog: 
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: She has more marshmallows than me.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: No she doesn't, you each have five.
dialog: (hands a mug to Amanda)
dialog: You have five too.
text: Graham takes a seat.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: If only I ate carbs.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Hmmm?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Carbs? What does that mean?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Oh, it‘s all the stuff I never eat
dialog: because I don't want to get...
dialog: (realizes how stupid it
dialog: sounds}
dialog: +..you know what? Who cares? I'm
dialog: just gonna go for it.
text: Amanda takes a sip, slurps up a marshmallow and gets a
text: chocolate moustache. The Girls laugh.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: (realizing this)
dialog: What? Do I have something on my
dialog: lip?
dialog: {to Graham)
dialog: I don't, do I?
text: She takes another sip, purposely making it worse. The Girls
text: crack up. Graham smiles, appreciating her humoring the kids.
text: Amanda wipes her mouth as Olivia climbs onto Graham's lap and
text: as she climbs on him, she places her hand on Graham's face.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (unable to see)
dialog: Comfortable?
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
text: (wobbly holds her hot
dialog: chocolate)
dialog: Blow on mine...
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Do you think there's a chance you
dialog: won't spill this on me?
text: With that Olivia tips her hot chocolate and some of it spills
text: on Graham's pants.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Ahbhh..... Thank you, excelient
dialog: timing.
text: The Girls laugh.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Iwas a big spiller when I was a
dialog: little girl.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: She's the worst.
text: Olivia continues climbing on Graham.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Because she can't sit still. ouch.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: You were like me?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I was. I thought I was the
dialog: biggest spiller ever.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Do you spill now?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Sometimes. Because sometimes you
dialog: just can't help it. Right?
text: She wobbly brings her cup to her mouth. Everyone laughs.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Dad, do Mr. Napkin Head.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: No, no, we do not do Mr. Napkin
dialog: Head for company.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: (bopping up and down on
dialog: Graham's lap)
dialog: Do it! Do it! Please?
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Cuch. Girls, calm down.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE /OLIVIA
dialog: Please!!!
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: O-kay if you settle down, I'1l do
text: it. Quickly.
text: Olivia grabs him and kisses him.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you for that...
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: You're welcome. Now do iti
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Amanda, may I have your napkin,
dialog: please?
text: Amanda hands Graham her cloth napkin and he places it over
text: his head, covering his face. He then takes his glasses out
text: of his pocket and places them on his eyes, but over the
dialog: napkin.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: Now smoke.
text: Graham picks up a spoon and holds it like a cigarette,
text: placing it in his mouth, but through the napkin and simulates
text: emoking. All the girls laugh. He scratches his head,
text: coughs, every bit gets screams from the kids. He pulls off
text: the napkin, a little humiliated. Everyone applauds.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Do it again}
speaker_heading: GRAKAM
dialog: Are you crazy? It's horrible
dialog: enough that I did it once.
text: Amanda laughs.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Amanda, guess what? I have dress
dialog: up clothes in my room.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You do?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: So do I. And we have a tent too.
dialog: Do you want to see our tent?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Girls, we will not ask Amanda to
text: crawl in the tent.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: (looking hurt)
dialog: You don't like tents?
scene_heading: INT. THE GIRLS BEDROOM — UPSTAIRS
text: A large tent made out of blankets has been constructed
text: between the girls twin beds. Amanda, Graham and the Girls
text: stand in the doorway.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: This is seriously cool.
scene_heading: INT. TENT
text: The Girls enter with ease. Then Graham enters, bent over,
text: then Amanda enters, barefoot.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: (rushing out)
dialog: Hold on...we need an extra pillow.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Lie down.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Okay...
text: On the floor are blankets and pillows. Sophie enters with one
text: more pillow, hands it to Amanda. it's obvious the children
text: are enamoured with her.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: You can use my pillow.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Lie down.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Can you please stop being so bossy.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Lie down please. Next to me.
speaker_heading: BO.
text: The four of them LIE DOWN SIDE-BY-SIDE INSIDE THE TENT. The
text: grown ups lie together book-ended by the girls A small lamp
text: lights the inside of the tent, giving it an amber glow. on
text: the ceiling of the tent are stars and a moon cut out of
text: construction paper. Everyone lies there silently for a beat.
text: Sophie burps.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Very nice.
speaker_heading: SOHPHIE
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Everyone laughs.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (staring up)
dialog: This is an exceptionally great
dialog: tent.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (also staring up)
dialog: Yeah, it's got something, doesn't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: It's cozy.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yeah... Whe cut out all the
dialog: beautiful stars?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: We did.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: The Three Musketeers.
text: Amanda reacts to that. Graham's hand rests next to Amanda's
text: He almost holds her hand but doesn’t.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Amanda. .?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: You smell good.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Do I?
dialog: B81.
speaker_heading: LIVIA
dialog: Yes. I love perfume but he won't
dialog: let me wear it.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Because you already smell good.
dialog: (to Amanda)
dialog: So do you, by the way.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: But I'm older so I guess I'm
dialog: allowed.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
text: (turns on her stomach and
dialog: looks at Amanda, really
dialog: up close)
dialog: I like your eye shadow.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: And your lipstick.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Oh, thanks, it's new.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: What's it called?
speaker_heading: AMANDA.
dialog: I think it's called Coral Shimmer.
text: Olivia places her finger on Amanda's mouth, touches it then
text: places her finger on her own mouth and rubs it on.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Looks good on you.
text: Sophie checks her out... Olivia smiles.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: You know if you wanted to sleep
dialog: over, that would be okay...we could
dialog: push our beds together and it can
dialog: be really fun.
dialog: a2.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: That's so sweet of you to invite me
dialog: but maybe ancther time...would that
dialog: be alright?
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: {thinks about it)
dialog: Yes.
text: Olivia lies back down, touches Amanda's hand.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA (CONT'D)
dialog: We never have grown ups here that
dialog: are girls.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: I really like it.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Me too.
text: No one says anything as they all continue looking up at the
dialog: construction paper stars.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM ~ GRAHAM'S HOUSE - A LITTLE LATER
text: Amanda waits. Graham comes down the stairs.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I can't imagine anyone making a
dialog: bigger hit with my children. They
dialog: want to play dress up with you, do
dialog: your hair, wear your shoes. They're
dialog: already imitating your léugh.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: They're great...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Thank you. Sophie has
dialog: unfortunately taken on the role as
dialog: my protector. She's brilliant but
dialog: I hate when she worries about me
dialog: and Olivia's gonna be a real ball
dialog: buster... which I must admit I love
dialog: about her.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I'm just trying to figure out why
dialog: you didn't tell me about them.
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: Because I just don't ever... tell
dialog: women about them.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You think I should know your
text: parents make out walking the dogs
dialog: but not know you're a widower with
dialog: two kids?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I was actually thinking of telling
dialog: you earlier today, when we were
dialog: having lunch.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: And. .?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Why didn't I? Right. Well, I don't
dialog: know. Something strange seems to
dialog: happen when women find out I'm a
dialog: widower with two little
dialog: girls...it's some kind of weird
dialog: aphrodisiac and it messes me
dialog: up...and with you, I really didn't
dialog: want to play the “poor me" card.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: But it’s confusing since you're the
dialog: one who wanted to go out to lunch
dialog: to get to know each other...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (painfully explains)
dialog: I have no defense except that until
dialog: I know someone really well, it's
dialog: easier for me to be just a normal
dialog: single guy because it's way too
dialog: complicated to be who I really
dialog: am... because I am, in fact,
dialog: anything Dut normal. I'm a full
dialog: time Dad, I'm a working parent, I'm
dialog: a mother and a father, I'ma guy
dialog: who reads parenting books and
dialog: cookbooks before I go to sleep. I
dialog: spend my weekends buying tutus...
dialog: I'm learning to sew. I'm on some
dialog: kind of constant overload... So, I
dialog: found it helps to compartmentalize
dialog: my life, just until I figure this
dialog: out. And so far, that's been
dialog: alright... not that I see thet many
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: BA.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: women, contrary to what you may
dialog: think. This past weekend the girls
dialog: were with their grandparents and
dialog: when they're gone, I get to pretend
dialog: I'm someone else. Someone without
dialog: hot chocolate spilled on their
dialog: trousers.... I don’t know how to
dialog: date and be this. And there is the
dialog: possibility that I'm petrified of
dialog: what another person will do to who
dialog: we are and how we get from one day
dialog: to the next. I feel I'm a guy who
dialog: can't make a mistake.
text: Amanda takes that in and wonders if she would qualify as a
dialog: mistake.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: So I guess, given our weird thing,
dialog: I sort of get you not telling me.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I didn't think I could introduce my
dialog: kids to someone I may never see
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Right. I'm just someone you had sex
dialog: with once and slept with twice.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Actually I thought I was just
dialog: someone you had sex with once and
dialog: slept with twice.
dialog: Neither one knows who's right.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I think we just went way past
dialog: complicated.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Well, like you said, I'm a book
dialog: editor from London...you're a movie
dialog: trailer maker from L.A. We're
dialog: worlds apart. I have a cow in the
dialog: backyard.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You have a cow?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes. I sew and I have a cow. How's
dialog: that for hard to relate to?
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Pretty up there.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Exactly. Which I believe may
dialog: disqualify me from winning bachelor
dialog: of the month.
text: They both wait for the other to say something to make this
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, anyway....thank you for being
dialog: so sweet with the kids. I think it
dialog: was eye opening for all three of us
dialog: because they're absolutely right.
dialog: We never do have grown ups here
dialog: that ere girls.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I had fun....
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Good. Your visit may be the first
dialog: step in pulling my odd little life
dialog: together. So, really...thank you.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (not feeling so great)
dialog: Glad I could help.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE
text: Graham walks Amanda to her car. He's in his shirt sleeves,
text: she’s in her coat. Amanda turns to him:
speaker_heading: AMANDA,
dialog: Graham...I'm glad I came over...
text: Graham hugs her, holds her close, but doesn't kiss her. The
text: moment is broken when from behind the house, they hear a Moo.
speaker_heading: GRABRAM
dialog: Told ya...
text: They break apart, Amanda smiles, hesitates, then gets in the
dialog: car.
text: CLOSE on an UPSTAIRS WINDOW where Sophie watches Amanda drive
dialog: off.
scene_heading: INT. GRAHAM'S LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Graham picks up some toys, turns out lights.
dialog: 86.
text: UPSTAIRS... He rounds the corner, picks up Olivia's little
text: socks and shoes then ENTERS HIS BEDROOM where Sophie lies in
text: his bed, under the covers.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Amanda's not going to sleep over is
dialog: she?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Probably not.
speaker_heading: SOPHTE
dialog: I was wondering what she would make
dialog: us for breakfast. I bet it would
dialog: be good.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Well, she's just here on vacation.
dialog: I don't think we'li get a chance to
dialog: find out.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Toc bad. You know why?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: I think she has potential.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: So do I.
scene_heading: INT. IRIS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Amanda, in her pajamas, dives into the cold bed. She lies
text: there, under the duvet, tries to cry. She tries really hard
text: Nothing comes. She gives it her all. Nothing. She checks
text: her watch, reaches for her cell, dials, waits, then...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: ~- Dr. Grinstein. Hi, it's Amanda.
dialog: I'm in England. I know I should've
dialog: called and told you I was leaving
dialog: but it was all very last minute. I
dialog: wanted to tell you, I met a guy.
dialog: He's maybe a great guy. He's a
dialog: widower and has two adorable little
dialog: girls. He's really “different” and
dialog: well, you know how I can be
dialog: sometimes. How it's hard for me to
dialog: “expose myself" as you say...well,
dialog: with him, I'm fighting that,
dialog: yet...I don’t seem to be doing any
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: better... Not that any of this
dialog: actually matters 'cause I mean I
dialog: can't be what he needs and we both
dialog: know that and anyway, we sort of
dialog: put the brakes on things tonight
dialog: but.... you know how I said I never
dialog: fall for "nice"... well, he's maybe
dialog: the nicest guy I ever met. He's so
dialog: nice, he's almost maternal. So
dialog: you're right...all men aren’t
dialog: schmucks. I had to come te another
dialog: continent to find that out...
dialog: Anyway, he's got his own stuff to
dialog: work out but I do like him... He's
dialog: very real and he's taking sewing
dialog: lessons! How sweet is that?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Okay, well, hope you get this
dialog: message. You can try me back on my
dialog: cell. Thanks.
scene_heading: EXT. AMANDA'S HOUSE - ANOTHER DAY
text: A bright beautiful day in Southern California. The Gardener
text: is clipping the roses. The front dcor opens and Iris exits.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (tc Gardener)
dialog: Good morning, Jesus.
dialog: Morning.
text: The wind blows.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Santa Anas...
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: {looking at the trees)
dialog: Leng time now...
text: Using the clicker, Iris opens the gate as Marta, the
text: Housekeeper enters past her.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Hey, Marta.
speaker_heading: MARTA
dialog: Buenas dias Iris.
text: Iris reaches up and PICKS AN ORANGE off the Orange Tree.
text: Iris sees the MAIL TRUCK at Arthur's, sccots over to it.
dialog: ge.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: {to Mailman )
dialog: I'll take it to him...
scene_heading: IRIS KNOCKS CN ARTHUR'S OPEN DOOR
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Helloooo...
scene_heading: INT. ARTHUR'S HOUSE
text: Arthur is in his office, behind his desk, reading the Los
text: Angeles Times with a magnifying glass. Iris ENTERS, holding
dialog: his meil.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (drops the paper)
dialog: I counted. Nine movies are opening
dialog: today. I remember when nine movies
dialog: would open in a month. Half the
dialog: movies I wrote would never have had
dialog: a chance in today's world. Now a
dialog: picture has to make a killing in
dialog: the first weekend or they're dead.
dialog: This is supposed to be conducive to
dialog: great work? What if every book had
dialog: to be read in one weekend or every
dialog: painting had to be seen the day it
dialog: was hung in the museum? Who knew
dialog: movies would turn into a sporting
dialog: event?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Have you always been this feisty?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I may have slowed down a little,
dialog: but yes. You gotta fight the
dialog: fight, kid.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: {laughs}
dialog: Can I open a window in here? It's
text: very beautiful outside.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I don't think the windows open in
dialog: here.
dialog: 83.
text: Iris tries to open one. It's difficult, but she manages to
text: pry it open, then opens the next. She leans over Arthur's
text: Oscar...touches it when he's not looking.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: I like that Miles by the way.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Yes, he's very nice.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: He's got eyes for you...
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: No he doesn't. He's got a gorgeous
dialog: girlfriend. As he told you.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: And the first night she's out of
dialog: town who does he go visit?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: {rolls her eyes)
dialog: He was picking up a laptop. Do you
dialog: want your mall?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I'm just saying...a girl ona
dialog: mission such as yourself may want
dialog: to pay attention to a thing like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: {looks at Arthur's mail)
dialog: Gas Company. Phone bill... You got
dialog: a letter from The Writer's Guild of
dialog: America West.
text: Arthur takes a look at the WGA Envelope and tosses it in the
dialog: trash.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You watching the movies T
dialog: recommended?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Yes. Love them. Irene Dunne is
dialog: fantastic.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Gumption.
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Yes! Tons of it. Arthur, you
dialog: don't want to open that letter you
dialog: just threw out?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: No. They keep writing me about the
dialog: same thing.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (teke it out of the trash)
dialog: But it looks important.
speaker_heading: ARTEUR
dialog: It's not. They want to do some
dialog: kind of tribute to me, an evening
dialog: with me...I don't know, it sounds
dialog: God awful.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: What. do you inmean? That sounds
dialog: brilliant.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Would you like to walk out onto a
text: stage on a walker, looking a
dialog: hundred years old and see eleven
dialog: shnooks who showed up to see you?
dialog: they can forget it. I mean, its
dialog: very nice...one little old lady in
dialog: the office probably just found out
dialog: I'm still alive and said,’Ew, let's
dialog: give him a night’. But no, I ain't
dialog: fallin' for this. Now, what's up?
speaker_heading: ERIS
dialog: i wanted to know if you wanted to
dialog: take a little walk, but now I have
dialog: a better idea.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What? We should go for a jog?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Arthur, is anything wrong with you?
dialog: I mean physically wrong with you?
speaker_heading: ARTEUR
dialog: No, I'm just plain old. Too old.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: So if you were in better shape,
dialog: you'd do this Writer's Guild night?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Honey, at my age, you don't get in
dialog: better shape.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: (referring to letter)
dialog: May I?
dialog: (opens it, skims it)
dialog: "An Evening with Arthur Abbott."
dialog: Arthur, they want tc do this soon.
dialog: I bet with a little exercise, you
dialog: could walk out there on your own
dialog: and maybe I could go with you...as
dialog: your date or something.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I would take you proudly, but
dialog: darling, I'm not going. Anyway,
dialog: how would you propose to get me in
dialog: shape? Seriously.
scene_heading: EXT. AMANDA'S POOL - DAY
text: Arthur and Iris are walking side by side in the pool. They
text: reach one side.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Alright, we did it! Now back!
text: Iris turns and keeps walking as Arthur slips under the water.
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA'S HOME GYM - LATER
text: Arthur is on the recumbent bike. He's not peddling.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Now go!
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: {still not peddling)
dialog: IT eam.
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA'S KITCHEN ~ LATER
text: Iris and Arthur, in their sweats, are drinking orange juice.
text: When Arthur's not looking, Iris moves his walker to where he
text: can't reach it. thur finishes his juice and unbeknownst to
text: him, walks perfectly to his walker.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Nice walking, kid.
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA'S BEDROOM — THAT NIGHT
text: Iris sits in front of the laptop. We hear the English
text: "You've Got Mail". Iris spots an e-mail from Jasper. She
text: hesitates, sits up straight, braces herself, then opens it.
speaker_heading: JASPER'S E-MAIL
dialog: Who What Where When and me?
text: Iris isn't quite sure how to answer that. Fortunately, the
text: phone RINGS.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM'S VOICE
dialog: So, are you ever coming home?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Hi!
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - MOVING - LONDON - NIGHT
text: Graham sits in a windew seat. on the train going back home
text: after a day's work. A stack of Christmas presents sit next
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: How's it going? You having fun?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I met e really nice guy.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: See. And you said you'd never...
dialog: What's he like?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: He's really cute, he's funny, very
dialog: smart, very successful, I feel good
dialog: when I'm with him which is an
dialog: entirely new experience and he's
text: about 85 years old.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Come on...
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: You know I can pick ‘em. He’s my
dialog: next door neighbor...or Amanda's
dialog: next door neighbor...by the way,
dialog: have you met Amanda yet?
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Uh, yes, I have actually.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Oh, dear, can you hold? Call
dialog: waiting. Be right back. Hold on, I
dialog: really want to talk to you.
text: Iris pushes the FLASH button.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone}
dialog: Hello.
scene_heading: EXT. SURREY MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: Amanda, on her cell, takes Charlie for a walk.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: Iris, hi, it's Amanda.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Oh, hi, how are you? How's it
dialog: going?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: It's going great. How's everything
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Oh, I'm loving it. Your house is
dialog: amazing and still in one piece I
dialog: might add. Oh, can you just hold
dialog: for a sec, my brother is on the
dialog: other line.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Graham?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Yes, he said you met.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yes we did meet. How is he?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Fine I think... can you held for a
dialog: sec?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: IRIS
text: fpushes FLASH button and
dialog: TALKS TO GRAHAM}
dialog: Ai, sorry, that was Amanda.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: How did she sound? How's she
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: She just asked me how you are.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I asked her to hold. Can I call
dialog: you back?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I'il hold while you speak to her.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Find out how she is.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Okay...
dialog: (pushes button, NOW TALKS
speaker_heading: TO AMANDA)
dialog: My brother wants to know how you
dialog: are? How are you? Have you been
speaker_heading: i211?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: No, no, I'm fine. Can you tell him
dialog: I'm good...just taking Charlie for
dialog: awelk down main street. What's he
dialog: been up to, did he say?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I'm not sure. Do you want me to
dialog: ask him?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Sure...
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Okay, hold please.
dialog: {pushes button, NOW BACK
speaker_heading: TO GRAHAM)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't believe you had sex with
dialog: the woman staying in my house.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: He told you thati!!
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Oh, God, no! I'm sorry! I thought I
dialog: was talking to Graham. Hold on
dialog: please. I'm terribly sorry.
scene_heading: (PUSHES FLASH BUTTON
speaker_heading: HARDER)
dialog: I can't believe you had sex with
dialog: Amanda!!! She's been there four
text: days. The woman's on the rebound,
dialog: she's probably totally fragile, the
dialog: one thing she asked me was, ‘Are
dialog: there men in your town?" And I
dialog: assured her there weren't and you
text: meet her and immediately get in her
dialog: pants. Have you no sensitivity?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Still me.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (dying) ;
dialog: Oh, bollocks. I guess I lost him.
dialog: Amanda I'm so....
speaker_heading: (BEEP)
dialog: Can you hold a second, I'm so so
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: (pushes FLASH)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Is she still on the other line?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I can't believe you already had sex
dialog: with her? I'm so embarrassed.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I can't believe she told you and
dialog: why are you embarrassed?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: No one had to tell me. It’s just
dialog: that you both asked how each other
dialog: were so many times that I can only
dialog: assume you've already had sex and
dialog: for some reason aren't speaking.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Did she say we're not speaking?
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: No, Graham...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Good. No, I think we're just not
dialog: seeing as much of each other. How
dialog: much longer is she here or are you
dialog: there? When does she leave?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Promise me you won't humiliate me.
dialog: Another 8 days I think. Be nice to
dialog: her, Graham. She sounds great.
dialog: She's got this amazingly beautiful
dialog: house...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Really? Amazingly beautiful?
speaker_heading: IRIS
text: Yes. With a media room, a gym, a
dialog: gorgeous pool, gates. Look, I
dialog: don't want to keep her waiting but
dialog: she wanted to know what you were up
dialog: to?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (rising)
text: dust about to get off the train and
dialog: go home to the girls.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Okay, I'll tell her. Everything
dialog: okay, otherwise? The girls are
dialog: good?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM.
dialog: They're great. They miss you.
dialog: I'll call you soon, And say hi to
dialog: Amanda for me...or don't...whatever
dialog: you feel is better. No, say it.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Oh God...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Sorry. I happen to like
dialog: her...perplexing as that is for me.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Then you should call her. Take it
dialog: from me ~- women don't understand
dialog: the net calling thing. We hate it
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: more than you'il ever know. More
dialog: than hate.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes, but I don’t think she wants me
dialog: to call. I'm pretty sure she
dialog: doesn't.
speaker_heading: IRIS
speaker_heading: (BEEP )
dialog: Graham, I gotta go.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: What exactly is a media room?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (rolls her eyes, BEEP)
dialog: I'm sorry. Are you still there?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (driving in the Mini with
dialog: Charlie next to her)
dialog: Yes...I'm in your car now...on my
dialog: way home.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: You drove into town?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (feeling dumb)
dialog: You don't?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: {covering)
dialog: No, I do...all the time. Yes.
dialog: Well, my brother's just getting off
text: the train from London, on his way
dialog: home to the kids..he wanted me to
dialog: make sure I said hello...and I'm
dialog: sorry about what I said before...I
dialog: obviously didn't realize I was
dialog: speaking to you. And I apologize
dialog: for my brother if he's done
dialog: anything stupid. He's a good guy
dialog: down deep...well not even down
dialog: deep...he's a good guy on every
dialog: level...he's a phenomenal
dialog: father...he's had a rough time
dialog: these last couple of years. Try to
dialog: forgive him if he's been a twit.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: No, he's been great. I’m sure I've
dialog: been much more of a twit, actually.
dialog: 98.
text: Amanda is now PASSING BY the Surrey TRAIN STATION and SEES
text: GRAHAM carrying the stack of presents and getting in his car,
text: Distracted, she slows down.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Knowing him, I doubt that. So,
dialog: stay well, okay?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I will. Definitely. You too.
text: Amanda hangs up and watches Graham pull away from the
dialog: station.
text: BACK IN L.A.
text: The phone rings. Iris picks it up.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Yes. Hello.
speaker_heading: MILES' VOICE
dialog: It's Miles.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Oh, Miles! Hi.
speaker_heading: MILES’ VOICE
dialog: What are you up to?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I was actually just going to
dialog: Blockbuster to get the next movie
dialog: on Arthur's list.
speaker_heading: MILES' VOICE
dialog: You want some company?
text: Iris's eyes go to the e-mail before her -~-
dialog: Who What Where When and me?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Love some,
scene_heading: INT, BLOCKBUSTER —- SAN VICENTE BOULEVARD - NIGHT
text: Iris has put on a little more make up, some perfume, a snug
text: sweater. She walks the aisles looking at the videos. Miles
text: ENTERS carrying two Ice Elended Mochas from Coffee Bean.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: T brought you the best drink in
dialog: town, didn't know if you liked
dialog: whipped cream so I told them just a
dialog: little squirt. You look great by
dialog: the way.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Really great.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Thanks. I'm feeling good. Been
dialog: working cut with Arthur.
text: Miles reacts.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: No, that must be...an awesome
dialog: workout.
dialog: {tries not to laugh)
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm trying not to
dialog: picture it.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Okay, the workout's not that great
dialog: but the conversation is...please
dialog: stop laughing.... the conversation
dialog: is fantastic...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: That, I totally believe.
text: As they make their way across the store, Miles pauses, picks
dialog: up the Body Heat video.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: You ever see this?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Great score by John Barry. Just
dialog: cozed sex...
text: (hums the score, moves on
dialog: te another video)
dialog: Love Batman...Very pure, very dark,
dialog: very Wagnerian.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: (hums the score, moves
dialog: down the aisle)
dialog: Chariots of Fire...(hums it)...took
dialog: electronic, synthesized scores to a
dialog: whole new level. (moves on) One of
dialog: my top five favs... Chinatown.
dialog: Jerry Goldsmith...
dialog: (hums it intensely, then)
dialog: "Forget. it, Jake... it's
dialog: Chinatown.” Killer...
dialog: (moves on)
dialog: Driving Miss Daisy. Hans. Very
dialog: unexpected. Remember how great it
dialog: was?
text: He hums Driving Miss Daisy while he pretends to drive. Iris
text: laughs. He's insanely charming.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay...
dialog: {picks up Forest Gump)
dialog: Great melody....
dialog: {hums Forrest Gump)
dialog: Sorta perfect.
dialog: (spots The Mission)
dialog: You gotta check this out sometime,
dialog: it's so genius, it like comes from
dialog: a whole other place.
dialog: (spots Pink Panther)
dialog: Okay, you can sing this one...it's
dialog: the most memorable movie theme
dialog: ever...and what's brilliant
dialog: is....it makes you laugh whenever
dialog: you hear it.
dialog: (gestures for her to sing)
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (shyly at first)
dialog: Da doo, da doo, da deo, da doo da
dialog: dao da doo da doasee00000
dialog: dddddadoo.
text: A Young Couple walks by and laughs.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: See. Even gets a laugh in
dialog: Blockbuster.
text: Miles looks up and catches something OUT THE WINDOW.
scene_heading: HE SEES HIS GIRLFRIEND, MAGGIE
text: who is supposed to be in Santa Fe, walking arm in arm with a
dialog: very cute, Older Guy.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: What?!2
text: Iris leoks up and sees Maggie just as Miles takes off,
text: EXITING THE STORE. Iris stays and watches from inside.
text: Through the store window Iris sees Miles call Maggie's name
text: Maggie turns and dies at being caught. Miles walks to her.
text: Iris sees Maggie getting upset and starting to explain then
text: the new Boyfriend jcins her and starts doing the talking.
text: Miles looks at. Maggie hoping she'll stop the guy but she
dialog: doesn't,
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA'S LIVING ROOM - IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING
text: Miles flops down on the sofa. Wiped.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Why do I always fall for the bad
dialog: girl?
speaker_heading: IRIS
text: (handing him a CUP OF TEA)
dialog: You didn't know she was a bad girl.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I knew she wasn't good. Do you have
dialog: anything a little stronger?
text: Iris hands him a VODKA with her other hand.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: The question is -- Why am I
dialog: attracted to a girl I know isn't
dialog: good?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Because you're hoping you're wrong
dialog: and every time she does something
dialog: that tells you she's no good you
dialog: ignore it and every time she comes
dialog: through and surprises you, she wins
dialog: you over and you lose that argument
dialog: with yourself that she's not for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Exactly!
dialog: (Iris nods knowingly)
dialog: And on top of that, there's the old
dialog: standby...I can't believe a girl
dialog: like that would actually be with a
dialog: guy like me.
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I think a guy like you is a pretty
dialog: rare find.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I'm not, believe me. You know what
dialog: she said tonight? She said she
dialog: finished in Santa Fe after two days
dialog: and has been staying with whatever
dialog: his name was which means she's been
dialog: right here in town which means when
dialog: I spoke to her this morning on her
dialog: cell and she said, I'm looking out
dialog: my window and it's snowing, she was
dialog: in Santa Monica... What did she do?
dialog: Go to weather.com? That must've
dialog: made them both scream with
dialog: laughter. Meanwhile, I sent her
dialog: Christmas gift to Santa Fe
dialog: yesterday. Stood in line at Fed Ex
dialog: so she'd get it on time. She's a
dialog: cheat and a liar and...I'm stuck in
dialog: love with her.
text: Iris hands him the entire Vodka Bottle.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: T'm such a colossal loser. Look, I
dialog: don't want to ruin your Christmas,
dialog: yeu don't have to listen to this.
dialog: (finishes off his drink)
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Tt's okay. I Like the company.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Did you see me talking to her
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You know, I didn't really give her
dialog: a chance to explain. Maybe she was
dialog: gonna tell me it was all a stupid
dialog: mistake. Maybe I went too nuts
dialog: and now she thinks she can't call
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: It didn't look like you went that
dialog: nuts.
dialog: 163
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: It didn't? You think she knows she
dialog: can call me?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I'm sure she does.
text: Miles takes out his cell, checks for messages.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: What about some food? You hungry
dialog: at all?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You know, this isn't the first time
dialog: this has happened to me. Girls
dialog: have been dumping on me one way or
dialog: another my entire life which is
dialog: what made Maggie so extra sweet.
dialog: Thought I finally hit the jackpot.
dialog: You would never do a thing like
dialog: this to a guy, would you?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Me? No, I...I wouldn't actually.
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: of course not. You're like...ail
dialog: about being good. You radiate
dialog: "good".
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Which is apparently a really big
dialog: turn on.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: It should be.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Yeah....in Fantasyland. Look, I'm
dialog: gonna fix us some fetuccini. Does
dialog: that sound gocd?
text: Miles just sits there, dazed.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I know it's hard to believe people
dialog: when they say, I know how you feel,
dialog: but I actually know how you feel.
text: Miles lcoks up at her.
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I was seeing someone back in
dialog: London. We work at the same paper,
dialog: then I found out he was also seeing
dialog: this other girl, Sarah, from the
dialog: circulation department on the 19th
dialog: floor. A person you'd never
dialog: suspect he'd even know or be
dialog: interested in. Turns out he wasn't
dialog: in love with me like I thought or
dialog: wanted to believe... seems I
dialog: actually had it all wrong...and
dialog: maybe he was her boyfriend all
dialog: along. Anyway, I understand
dialog: feeling as small and as
dialog: insignificant as humanly possible,
dialog: and how it can actually ache in
dialog: places you didn't know you had
dialog: inside you and no matter how many
dialog: new haircuts you get or gyms you
dialog: join or how many glasses of
dialog: Chardonnay you drink with your
dialog: girlfriends, you still go to bed,
dialog: going over every detail and wonder
dialog: what you did wrong or how you
dialog: could've gotten it so wrong, and
dialog: how in the hell, you covld think
dialog: you were that happy. And sometimes
dialog: you even convince yourself that
dialog: he'll see the light and show up at
dialog: your door, but after all that,
dialog: however long “all that"
dialog: is.....you'll go someplace new and
dialog: meet people that make you feel
dialog: worthwhile again...and all that
dialog: fuzzy stuff...those years of your
dialog: life...that will eventually begin
dialog: to fade.
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Well fuck!
dialog: {hands her his Vodka)
dialog: You need this more than I do.
text: Iris drinks the vodka.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: That's what you're doing here?
dialog: You're getting sver somebody?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Yes. This is me in good shape.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Is this the guy who sent you pages
dialog: from his novel?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (pouring another)
dialog: Yeah, that's him. He "needs" me...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: 80, he stays in touch...
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (drinking)
dialog: All the time.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: So that makes it impossible to
dialog: forget him. Which is great for him
dialog: but sucks for you.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: See how great your life is compared
dialog: to mine?
text: She smiles bravely.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Okay. Let's go. I'm making you
text: some fetuccini. It's Christmas Eve
dialog: and we're going to celebrate being
dialog: young and being a-live.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Miles, you really are an incredibly
dialog: decent man.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: T know. Always been my problem.
speaker_heading: CUr TO:
scene_heading: PASTA ON A PLATE
text: And Amanda is carrying it to the couch in IRIS' HOUSE, where
text: she snuggles under a blanket, in front of the fire, deep intc
text: a book. A small tinseled Christmas tree sits in the corner.
text: Charlie lies on the couch and puts his head on Amanda's
text: stomach. Amanda takes a dog biscuit out of her pocket and
dialog: routinely feeds it to him.
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: EXT. BOARDWALK - VENICE -— SUNSET
text: Iris and Arthur walk slowly side by side, chatting up a
text: storm. Iris carries Arthur's walker.
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA'S MEDIA ROOM - NIGHT
text: Alone in the dark, Iris smiles as she watches the spirited
dialog: Carole Lombard in Nothing Sacred.
scene_heading: EXT. ENGLISH COUNTRYSIDE ~ DAY
text: Rolling Hills as far as you can see. Amanda walks along the
text: read, carrying her groceries. She's on her cell and we hear
text: her say, "What's going on at the office?”
scene_heading: INT, TRAIN - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Graham is on the train, working on a manuscript. A Woman
text: passes who from the back looks like Amanda. Graham loses his
dialog: concentration.
scene_heading: INT. NEIMAN MARCUS - BEVERLY HILLS - DAY
text: Arthur is having a new suit fitted. Iris watches, then Miles
text: steps in with directions for the tailor.
scene_heading: INT. LENSCRAFTERS — DAY
text: Arthur sits in front of the mirror in his too big glasses
text: from the eighties. Miles hands him a pair from the 21st
text: Century. He tries them on and Iris whistles.
scene_heading: INT. MILES' HOUSE ~ HOLLYWOOD HILLS - NIGHT
text: Miles sits at his keyboard. Iris ENTERS with two mugs of
dialog: tea.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Okay, here it is... Arthur's theme
dialog: song. We give him a CD with this
dialog: tune and every time he hears it, it
dialog: gives him the confidence that he
dialog: can walk out there. Ready?
text: Miles plays the Indiana Jones Theme.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Just kidding. Alright, here we
dialog: go...a little Arthur in the night.
text: And Miles plays a fantastic theme...nostalgic yet spirited.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: It sounds like him.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (finishes it, then)
dialog: I also wrote one that sounds like
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: You did?
text: She sits next to him on the piano bench.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Iris...if you were a melody. I
dialog: used only the good notes...
text: Miles plays a tender, romantic melody. Iris is touched.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: (sings)
dialog: And Iris lives next door to....
dialog: (plays Arthur's theme)
text: Iris laughs, clearly falling for the guy.
scene_heading: INT. VILLAGE CAFE - SURREY - DAY
text: Amanda sits against a banquette reading the Herald Tribune
text: and drinking a cappuccino. She looks up and finds Olivia,
text: Graham's four year old, standing before her, red cheeked, in
text: her hat, coat and mittens. Amanda brightens at the sight of
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Olivia..! Hi.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: How are you? How've you been?
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: I had a stomach ache on Christmas
dialog: but I'm all better now.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Awww... That's too bad but I'm
dialog: happy you're all better.
text: Amanda LOOKS UP and sees Graham and Sophie ENTERING. Sophie
text: runs to Amanda as Graham hangs back.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: I thought you went back to America.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: No, I'm still here...
dialog: (looks up to the
dialog: approaching Graham}
dialog: ~-- for one more day.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Hey...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (thrilled to see him)
dialog: Hi. t's great to --
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (equally thrilled)
dialog: -- Yeah, you too.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: (approaches Graham)
dialog: Table for three?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes. Please.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: This one ckay?
text: She shows them to the table directly next to Amanda.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: sure.
text: They all laugh as Graham takes the banquette seat alongside
text: Amanda. The girls sit across from Graham in chairs. They
text: all sit awkwardly, given their proximity.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Amanda)
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Would you like to...join me?
text: The Girls get excited.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Sure. Thanks.
text: Amanda scoots over and Graham sits next to her. The Girls sit
text: across from them.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT’D)
dialog: What should we have...what are you
dialog: having?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Just a cappaccino...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Couldn't interest you in lunch?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yes, you could...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Great.
text: Graham shares his menu with Amanda. She looks at
text: The closeness of her is powerful. She
dialog: say something when:
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (interrupting their
dialog: moment. )
dialog: You ready?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes. Um... Girls? Chicken stew?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: I want what Amanda's having.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Chicken stew.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: (to Waitress)
dialog: Chicken stew please.
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Make that four...
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: I want one.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes, you're one of the four.
speaker_heading: LIVIA
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: You know what we got for Christmas?
dialog: 109.
dialog: him, behind
dialog: starts to
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Nail polish like yours.
text: She shows Amanda her painted fingers.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Very expensive gift...
text: The Girls tell Amanda all about their gifts. Graham and
text: Amanda listen as they Girls go on and on.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LATER IN THE MEAL
text: Amanda is now doing the talking and the Girls are cracking
text: up. Olivia spills her drink. Amanda cleans it up without
text: missing a beat, still talking. Graham watches, then laughs
text: as Amanda finishes her story.
speaker_heading: LATER STILL
text: Amanda is TAKING A PHOTO of the Girls with her phone. The
text: Girls get close together and smile. Then Sophie asks for the
text: phone and she makes Graham and Amanda get close together. We
text: SEE THROUGH THE PHONE and Graham and Amanda aren't even in
text: the photo. Graham raises the phone and suddenly they appear
dialog: and smile.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK — LATER
text: Amanda, Graham and the Girls watch a boat go down the river.
text: It's freezing. Graham opens his overcoat and pulls Sophie
text: inside. Amanda bends down and takes off her scarf and wraps
text: it around Olivia. Olivia hugs Amanda around the neck.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK ROAD
text: Graham places the girls in their car seats then walks to
text: Amanda who leans against the Mini.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: We're going to my parents for
dialog: dinner. Can I call you when I get
dialog: them in bed?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: sure.
text: Graham kisses her on the cheek, gets behind the wheel and
text: drives off. Amanda waves to the Girls.
scene_heading: INT. IRIS' HOUSE — EARLY EVENING
text: Amanda is packing, Outside, it’s snowing. Charlie barks at
text: the window. Amanda packs a bit more then goes to the Living
text: Rcom, looks out the window, doesn't see anything. She opens
text: the front door and Graham is standing there. He grabs her
text: and kisses her.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Where are the girls?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Sleeping at my parents.
text: Amanda rushes him with a kiss, he falls backwards. She grabs
text: him, takes him in the house and shuts the door on us.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - A BIT LATER
text: Post coital. Lying side by side. Catching their breath.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: So you're totally great. Fuck!
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yeah, this is a bitch.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Well, you must come to London all
dialog: the time for work, right?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: London? Never.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: New York?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Not really. But that's easier. Do
dialog: you go there often?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: No. Rarely actually.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Long distance relationships can
dialog: work you know.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Really? I can't make one work when
dialog: I live in the same house with
dialog: someone.
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: So, this could be a good solution
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Graham, I can't see you leaving the
dialog: girls... L.A.'s halfway around the
dialog: world...every time you'd see me
dialog: you'll be gone for week. Can you
dialog: see yourself doing that very often?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Not often... But you're your own
dialog: boss...you can travel.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I'm my own boss because I don't
dialog: really trust anyone else. If I'm
dialog: not there, I‘1l have no business.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, let's say we tried this.
dialog: We just commit to doing it. We
dialog: each go back and forth and we do
dialog: this for like six months.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes. That's do-able.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: And then let's say....we hit a
dialog: wall. Like... I can't constantly
dialog: get on a plane or the girls can't
dialog: deai with you leaving again. We
dialog: start to feel the tension and we
dialog: know this isn't going to work...so
dialog: we start fighting 'cause we don't
dialog: know what else to do... Then, after
dialog: a long, tearful...at your
dialog: end..-phone call...we say goodbye.
dialog: And it isn't like we're ever going
dialog: to bump into each other. So,
dialog: that'll be it. For real. It'll
dialog: be...over. Then what's left? Two
dialog: people feeling totally mashed up
dialog: and hurt.
dialog: A long awful moment.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: OY...
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Thank God.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: ~- Maybe we should realize that
dialog: what we've had these past few weeks
dialog: is perfect and maybe it won't get
dialog: any better than this...and maybe
dialog: you liking me is really only
dialog: because you know it can't work.
dialog: And maybe I can fantasize about how
dialog: perfect you are because I can't
dialog: ever really be with you...and maybe
dialog: Inaybe... Maybe we're trying to
dialog: figure this out because it makes us
dialog: feel good to feel this way...
dialog: ‘Cause we both know, if you lived
dialog: in L.A., we'd take months to get to
dialog: this point so maybe the fact that
dialog: I'm leaving in eight hours makes
dialog: this far more exciting than it
dialog: might really be. Maybe.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: You're seriously the most
dialog: depressing girl I ever met. I have
dialog: another scenario for you.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Good.
text: {rubs her chest which is
dialog: beginning to hurt)
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I'm in love with you.
dialog: Did she hear him right?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I apologize for the blunt
dialog: delivery...but as problematical as
dialog: this fact may be... I am in love.
dialog: With you. And I'm not feeling this
dialog: because you're leaving. And not
dialog: because it makes me feel good to
dialog: feel this way, which, by the way it
dialog: does, or did, before you went off
dialog: like that. I can't figure out the
dialog: math of this thing, I just know I
dialog: love you. IJ can't believe how many
dialog: times I'm saying it...and I realize
dialog: I come with a package deal, three
dialog: for the price of one... and my
dialog: package perhaps in the light of
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: day, may not be so wonderful or one
dialog: anyone even wants a part of other
dialog: than me...but...1I know what I
dialog: want...which is in itself a miracle
dialog: and what I want is you.
text: (she turns to him, he
dialog: waits...)
dialog: And you speechless at this moment
dialog: is not exactly the reaction one
dialog: dreams of.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I wasn't expecting "I love you".
dialog: Hold on. I'm trying to find the
dialog: right thing to say.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I think if the scbvious response
dialog: doesn't immediately come to you...
dialog: then...well...we can just... We
dialog: should just talk about something
dialog: else. Like possibly what a
dialog: complete ass I am.
text: Amanda's chest tightens and hurts.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: As I recall, you did promise me you
dialog: wouldn't fall in love with me.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Sh-sh...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I guess I just wasn't listening.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (moving toward him)
dialog: I never met a guy who talks as much
dialog: as me... you say so much more...but
dialog: could you just, for now...be quiet.
dialog: Please.
text: She kisses him deep and hard.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL JAPANESE RESTAURANT - L.A. - DAY
dialog: It's lunch time and this smail West side restaurant is
text: packed. Miles and Iris are eating at the Sushi Bar. They are
text: deep in conversation and their bedy language suggests they
text: have become close.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I don't know how I've never seen
dialog: The Lady Eve before...
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Stanwyck was dazzling. So sure of
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: And sexy.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Really sexy. Every movie he’s told
dialog: me to watch has a powerhouse woman
dialog: in it.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You ever think maybe he's trying to
dialog: tell you something.
text: Miles cell phone rings.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I didn't, but now that you mention
dialog: it...
text: Miles isn't listening anymore. He's staring at his cell.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: ~- What's the matter. Who is it?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: {staring at the phone)
dialog: Maggie.
dialog: That stops Iris cold.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello. Hi... I'm doing okay. You
dialog: don't sound so...
text: He covers his free ear, so he can hear. Iris tries not to
text: listen, but can't help it. Miles gets flushed as he listens
text: to Maggie's end of the conversation. Iris starts to sink.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Maggie... I'm tied up for a bit...
dialog: (Iris is relieved then
text: Miles checks his watch)
dialog: Well, what time could you be there?
dialog: Alright, I'il meet you there as
dialog: sooh as I can.
text: He hangs up, looks at Iris, stunned. Iris waits.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: She misses me.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (ever the good girl)
text: Ses. She came to her senses.
text: Miles puts down his chopsticks, lost in thought.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: We should get our check.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: No, take your time. I can wait 'til
dialog: you're done. You love the spicy
dialog: tuna here...
text: Miles steals a glance at his watch, looks for the waitress.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I'm fine. And if you need to go I
dialog: can get this.
text: Miles leans over, quickly kisses Iris on the lips.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You are the best.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Ha.
text: Miles gets up, takes off. Iris sits alone, swallows hard.
dialog: Looks around, anyone watching?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (returns, talking)
dialog: No, that's not right. We're
dialog: eating. I'm not going to leave you
dialog: here alone.
text: He sits back down but so doesn't want toe be there.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Miles, go.... I'll see you at the
dialog: Writer's Guild tonight. I mean, if
dialog: you can make it still.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I gotta get all the way to
dialog: Beachwood but I'm gonna try to be
dialog: there. Anyway, I'm bringing the
dialog: music. I mean, I want to be there.
dialog: I just don't know how long this is
dialog: gonna take. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: It's all good. Don't worry.
dialog: 117.
text: Miles rises, kisses her on the head, exits. Tris fumbles for
text: her wallet, drops a bunch of change, picks it all up, calls
text: for the Waitress. Sits alone.
scene_heading: CLOSE - JASPER'S PAGES
text: Iris picks them up and carries them up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Iris falls onto the bed, looks outside, the trees are blowing
text: hard. She pushes the button to close the blinds and the room
text: falls into darkness. She turns on the night table lamp,
text: begins reading. The phone RINGS.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (into phone, hopeful)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: (sits up)
dialog: Jasper? I'm just reading your
dialog: pages. I hadn't forgotten, I've
dialog: been busy, that's all. How are
dialog: you?
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Gee you sound far away.
dialog: (he's getting to her}
dialog: That's not true... stop...I meant
dialog: to answer you. You sent me... What
dialog: kind of surprise? No, T don't
dialog: think I got it...
dialog: (a little confused)
dialog: Alright. I'11 look.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER
text: Iris rushes down the stairs, holding her cell.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I don't see a box or anything.
dialog: Checking the kitchen now...
speaker_heading: (ENTERS KITCHEN)
dialog: Not in here... Okay, hold on, I'm
dialog: gonna go check the gate. When did
dialog: you send it?
text: Iris OPENS THE FRONT DOOR and standing there, right before
text: her, is Jasper, in the flesh. He holds a small gift.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: I found your Christmas gift.
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: {floored)
dialog: You've shown up at my door!
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Yes, I have.
text: Iris throws her arms around Jasper, hugging him almost too
text: hard. He kisses her. She holds back.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Why are... What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: I was just going to ask you that.
dialog: How long have you been gone?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Just two weeks.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Feels like forever. Can I come in?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Yes, of course. Oh my God.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Some house...
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Really...what are you doing here?
dialog: I'm in shock.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: My publisher wanted me to "take
dialog: some meetings"...
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: -- But you hate L.A..
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Not if you're here.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: {trying to digest this)
dialog: How's... Sarah?
text: Jasper shoots her a look. Almost a reprimand.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: She's fine.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: I never did get a chance to talk to
dialog: you about that...your engagement.
dialog: I was surprised you never mentioned
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: I didn't know myself until the day
dialog: before. Do we have to talk about
dialog: it right now?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: No...but...
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: —_ What about something to drink?
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Iris opens a bottle of wine.
speaker_heading: JASPER (CONT'D)
dialog: This place suits you.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Yeah, right.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Really...you look different to me
dialog: here.
text: Iris deesn't answer.
speaker_heading: JASPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Iris, look at me...
text: (she looks up at him)
dialog: I came here because I had to see
dialog: you. Had to.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Jasper, I don't understand this. I
dialog: mean, I was right there..for three
dialog: years. Remember? Square
dialog: peg...round hole.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: That's what you said to me once.
dialog: That we weren't really right for
dialog: each other. We were a square peg
dialog: and a round hole...
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: I don't remember that. I just know
dialog: I didn't like when you were gone.
dialog: I also never checked my e-mail
dialog: more, it was driving me crazy that
dialog: I wasn't hearing from you.
text: She can't believe this. He sounds like her. He takes her in
text: his arms.
speaker_heading: JASPER (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't want to lose you.
text: He kisses her.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Lose me? This is too confusing...
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (pulls her to him)
dialog: I know. C'mere...
scene_heading: INT. MILES HOUSE - SAME TIME
text: Maggie paces, in tears. Miles listens. It's getting dark
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE:
dialog: I screwed up. Didn't you ever
dialog: screw up Miles? No, you probably
dialog: never have. I made a mistake. TIT
dialog: was stupid and impulsive...he was
dialog: older and...
text: Miles looks outside and sees the Olive Trees bending and
text: stretching in the wind. Miles BEGINS TO HEAR Iris' MELODY in
text: his head. It fills the soundtrack.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (CONT'D)
dialog: -- I wish you'd just say something.
dialog: I mean, how many ways do I have to
dialog: say it? He wasn't what I thought
dialog: and I started thinking about you
dialog: and hoping you'd forgive me...
text: Miles looks at her. She stops right before him, looking very
text: beautiful and vulnerable and open.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Will you Miles? Will you forgive
dialog: me?
text: Iris' melody fades.
scene_heading: INT. IRIS' BEDROOM - ENGLAND - 3 A.M.
text: Graham is asleep. Amanda is awake...thinking about the day
text: they were lying in the snow, kissing and laughing. She turns
text: to Graham, his eyes open. She smiles faintly, apologetically.
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA'S LIVING ROOM ~ L.A. — SAME TIME
text: It's dark outside and only a small light is on in the room.
text: Iris and Jasper lie on the sofa, entwined. Iris gazes up at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: This look in your eyes. This is
dialog: what I was always looking for.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I've always looked at you like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: No you haven't.
text: He kisses her and then slides his hand down her pants, under
text: her panties and over her backside.
speaker_heading: JASPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Obhhh... I remember this ass.
text: He pulls her to him...by way of her ass. She blinks.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Ummm...
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: Can you remove your hand from my
dialog: bottom. ..please?
dialog: (He doesn't)
dialog: Please.
dialog: (he slips it out, she
dialog: untangles)
dialog: you know what?
dialog: (laughs at herself)
dialog: I never thought I'd say this,
dialog: literally ~ never - but I think you
dialog: were absolutely right about us.
dialog: (he looks confused)
dialog: Very square peg...Very round hole.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: You can‘t mean that.
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: TRIS
dialog: The great thing is...
dialog: (breaks into a smile)
dialog: I actually do. And I'm about three
dialog: years late in telling you this but
dialog: nevertheless, some things need to
dialog: be said. Jasper -- you did not
dialog: treat me right. You broke my heart
dialog: and you acted like somehow it was
dialog: my fault...my misunderstanding... I
dialog: was too in love with you to ever be
dialog: mad at you so I just punished
dialog: myself... But, Chbhh, I remember
dialog: this ass somehow newly entitles me
dialog: to say -- It's over. This twisted
dialog: toxic thing between us is finally
dialog: finished. And you really can't
dialog: just waltz in here, on my great
dialog: Christmas holiday and tell me I'm
dialog: suddenly looking at you the way you
dialog: wanted me to. Like T have just
dialog: improved and qualified to be with
dialog: you. I'm miraculously done being
dialog: your Girl Friday. I got a life to
dialog: lead, buddy...and I don't think
dialog: you're in it... Now, I'm terribly
dialog: sorry, but I've got to be somewhere
dialog: really important and you've got to
dialog: get the hell out. And anyway, do
dialog: you think Sarah would appreciate us
dialog: doing this? She's a nice person.
dialog: She deserves better.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Honey, you've changed.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I know, I think what I've got is
text: something slightly resembling
dialog: gumption.
text: A TOWN CAR SITS IN ARTHUR'S DRIVEWAY
text: Iris, in a dress and heels, scoots around the Town Car and
text: knocks on Arthur's door. Without hesitation, the door opens.
text: Arthur is standing there, ready to go, speech in hand. He
text: wears his new suit, new glasses. He pauses when he sees how
dialog: lovely Iris Looks.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Iris, you're a knock out.
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Thank you. And may I say, so are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Did I do my tie okay? I haven't
dialog: worn one in so long.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (fixes it a little)
dialog: It's perfect.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I like this Hugo Boss. He cuts a
dialog: nice suit. I got you something.
text: Arthur reaches inside and brings out a Box with a WRIST
text: CORSAGE in it. Iris can't believe it.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: Forgive me, last time I had a date,
dialog: this is what we did.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (slips it on)
dialog: It's beautiful.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: If it's too corny or if it's gonna
dialog: ruin your outfit...you don't have
dialog: to wear it.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I like corny. I'm looking for
dialog: corny in my life.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Nice line.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: It's all those movies...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (smiles, then)
dialog: Ckay, let's do it. Let's get this
text: embarrassment over with.
scene_heading: INT. TOWN CAR - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Arthur and Iris sit side by side.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Do not feel bad for me if only a
text: couple of dozen people are there.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘m not exactly Quentin Tarantino.
dialog: I don't even think people
dialog: appreciate the old films anymore
dialog: for the writing. It's the directors
dialog: they remember. Plus it's the
dialog: holidays...people are away...
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Arthur, you gotta shut up.
text: The Car slows down.
speaker_heading: IRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: This it?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (to Driver)
dialog: Stay here. We'll be out real fast.
scene_heading: INT. WGA - LOBBY
text: Iris helps Arthur through the fairly empty Lobby. A Young
text: Film Student type approaches Arthur.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Mr. Abbott?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: We're all ready for you.
text: Two Attendants OPEN DOUBLE DOORS as Arthur takes Iris' arm
dialog: and they head:
scene_heading: INTO THE AUDITORIUM
text: As they ENTER, a packed room rises to it's feet. A few
text: hundred people, of all ages, applaud as Arthur walks the
text: center aisle toward the stage. Light bulbs flash. Arthur
text: tightens his grip on Iris. She places her hand on his.
text: He reaches the bottom of the stage. Another Attendant waits
text: to help him up a small set of stairs. The room quiets.
text: Arthur lets go of Iris. She smiles at him as his new escort
text: takes his arm.
text: Iris takes a seat in the front row, an empty seat next to
text: her. Then, out of the loudspeakers, we HEAR ARTHUR'S THEME
text: MUSIC. Upon hearing it, Arthur lets go of the Attendant's
text: arm and climbs the stairs alone to a rounding swell of
dialog: applause.
dialog: 125.
text: Miles, a little out of breath, slips into the seat next to
text: Iris, wearing a coat and tie.
speaker_heading: MILES
text: The man is a rock star.
speaker_heading: IRTS
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (fxom the podium)
dialog: Thank you. I'm absolutely
dialog: overwhelmed...
dialog: (then)
dialog: --that I could climb those stairs.
text: Laughter from the audience.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you very much for coming
dialog: tonight. I am honored. I came to
dialog: Hollywood over sixty years ago and
dialog: immediately fell in love with
dialog: motion pictures. And it's a love
dialog: affair that's lasted a lifetime.
dialog: When I first arrived there were no
dialog: cineplexes or multiplexes. No such
dialog: thing as a blockbuster. I was here
dialog: B.c.. Before cable, before DVD,
dialog: before conglomerates owned the
dialog: studios, before pictures had
dialog: special effects teams and
dialog: definitely before box office
dialog: results were reported on the
dialog: nightly news. To make a good
dialog: picture, all we needed was a
dialog: girector, a producer, actors and a
dialog: writer with a story to tell. our
dialog: vocabulary was a simple one.
dialog: Emotion, dreams, tears and
dialog: laughter.
scene_heading: ANGLE - IRIS AND MILES
text: Their eyes on the stage.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: He's fantastic.
text: Miles lcoks at Iris as she watches Arthur.
text: eyes touches him.
text: The warmth in her
dialog: They both
dialog: himself.
scene_heading: EXT. IRIS
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Iris.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (turns to him)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: What are you doing New Year's Eve?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: I'll be back home New Year's Eve.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Do you know, I've never been to
dialog: England. Never been to Europe.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: If I came over there, would you go
dialog: out with me New Year's Eve?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: {smiles at him)
dialog: I'd love to.
text: Yeturn their eyes to the stage, Miles neds to
dialog: Nice!
scene_heading: ' HOUSE - ENGLAND - MORNING
text: A Mercedes waits for Amanda. She exits the house in her
dialog: shearling
text: coat, red scarf, just like she arrived. Graham
text: stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Okay, we're not gonna make this a
dialog: bigger deal than it already is.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: No we're not.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: It's not like we're never going to
dialog: speak or e-mail...or...
speaker_heading: GRABAM
dialog: No set rules.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: None. So, I'm just going to kiss
dialog: you, for the millionth time and
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: say.... be seeing you.
dialog: (she kisses him)
dialog: Be seeing you.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: {moves her hair out of her
dialog: eyes)
dialog: Take care of yourself.
text: Amanda walks to the car, waves, gets in and the car takes
text: off. Graham watches the car drive slowly away from the
dialog: cottage.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MOVING AWAY FROM THE HOUSE
text: The Driver who dropped Amanda here two weeks ago is behind
dialog: the wheel.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Have a good holiday, Miss?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yeah....great. Maybe the best
dialog: ever.
text: Suddenly very hot, Amanda pulls her scarf off. She looks out
text: the car window. Children pass by, laughing on a sled. Whoa.
text: She's really hot. She unbuttons her coat a little. Clears
text: her throat, checks her plane ticket, passport, phone. All
text: set. Then, she clicks opens her phone, looks at the Photo of
text: herself with Graham. Closes the phone. She rests her head
text: on the seat...doesn't feel quite right. What's going on?
text: She's a little out of breath. Without knowing, without
text: trying, with no effort whatsoever, her eyes begin to well up.
text: Amanda sits straight up, stunned. Is it going to happen?
text: Then, one small tiny little tear makes its way out of her eye
text: and rolls down her cheek.
scene_heading: TRAILER GUY'S VOICE
dialog: Amanda Woods! Welcome back!
text: Amanda screams. She tries to make herself cry, just to get
text: it all out. But all she can make is one more tear. She's
dialog: thrilled.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Turn around! ‘urn around and go
dialog: back! Pleasei!!
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Forget something?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Yes!
dialog: 128.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD
text: The car turns around and takes off back toward the cottage.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Amanda is so excited, she's about to leap out of the moving
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Can you go any faster?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: This little lane is always
dialog: tricky...gonna take a bit...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: That's okay...
text: Amanda opens the car door, rushes out and runs, a happy,
text: expectant leok on her face. She gets to the cottage, opens
text: the little gate, rushes up the stairs, opens the door.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Graham?
text: She doesn't see him at first.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Graham?
text: Graham, back in the bedroom, steps into view. He wipes away
text: tears. Amanda says nothing. Graham waits.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: (from the Living Room)
dialog: Iwas just thinking. Why would I
dialog: leave before New Year's Eve? That
dialog: makes no sense at ail.
text: raham sighs quite loudly. Wipes his eyes on his shirt
dialog: sleeve.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean you didn't exactly ask me
dialog: out but you did say you love me so
dialog: I'm thinking I've got a date...if
dialog: you'll have me.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I've got the girls New Year's Eve.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Sounds perfect!
dialog: 129.
text: Graham smiles and as Amanda rushes to him, we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GRAHAM'S HOUSE ~ ALL LIT UP - NIGHT - NEW YEAR'S EVE
scene_heading: INT. GRAHAM'S LIVING ROOM - MUSIC OVER
text: Olivia, in a party dress and carrying a noise maker, runs
text: through the room. She is followed by her Aunt Iris, also in
text: a party dress. Iris dances a bit as she carries two glasses
text: of champagne. She delivers one glass to Miles who is
text: sitting on the sofa, deep in conversation with Sophie. He
text: smiles when he sees Iris.
text: Amanda dances in with a tray of hors d'oeuvres. She stops in
text: front of Graham who twirls her. Amanda then dances over to
text: Iris who takes an hors d'oeuvre and the two women connect.
text: Amanda whispers something to Iris and Iris laughs. Graham
text: joins them and puts his arm around his sister. Iris rests
text: her head on his shoulder. Feels like the makings of a great
text: party. Camera pulls back and away, out the window and
dialog: eventually we Fade to Black.
dialog: 
