dialog: 
dialog: 13 Days
dialog: by
dialog: David Self
text: DARKNESS. As the MAIN TITLES BEGIN, the theater thrums with
text: a subsonic HISS which mounts in all the rattling power of
dialog: THX, and we...
scene_heading: BURN IN, BRIGHT LIVING COLOR:
scene_heading: EXT. STRATOSPHERE - DAY
text: The glory of stratospheric dawn. The engines of a silver
text: Lockheed U-2F rasp upon the trace oxygen here at 72,500 feet.
text: Scattered cloud formations hang over the blue brilliance of
text: sea far, far below. In the haze, the looming edge of land.
scene_heading: SUPER: FLIGHT G-3101. OCTOBER 14TH, 1962. OVER CUBA.
text: The spy plane's CAMERA DOORS whine open. The glassy eye of
text: the 36-inch camera focuses. And then with a
text: BANGBANGBANGBANG, its high-speed motor kicks in, shutter
dialog: flying.
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'DONNELL BEDROOM - DAY
text: A simple CAMERA, snapping away furiously in the hands of a
text: giggling MARK O'DONNELL, 4. He's straddling and in the face
text: of his dad, KENNY O'DONNELL, 30's, tough, Boston-Irish, with
text: a prodigious case of morning hair. Kenny awakens, red-eyed.
speaker_heading: HELEN (O.S.)
dialog: Mark, get off your father!
text: Kenny sits up to the morning bedlam of the O'Donnell house.
text: KIDS screech, doors bang all over. Kenny pushes Mark over,
text: rolls out of bed, snatches up the corners of the blanket and
text: hoists Mark over his shoulder in a screaming, kicking bundle.
scene_heading: INT. O'DONNELL HALLWAY - DAY
text: Kenny, with Mark in the bundle on his shoulder, meets his
text: wife HELEN going the other way in the hall with LITTLE HELEN,
text: 1, in her arms.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Hi, hon.
text: They kiss in passing. Daughter KATHY, 12, races by in angry
text: pursuit of her twin, KEVIN, 12.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Don't forget, Mrs. Higgins wants to talk
dialog: to you this afternoon about Kevin. You
dialog: need to do something about this.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Kids are supposed to get detention.
text: Kenny dumps the bundle with Mark in a big pile of dirty
dialog: laundry.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MCCOY AIR FORCE BASE - FLORIDA - DAY
text: A pair of massive FILM CANISTERS unlock and drop from the
text: belly of the U-2. TECHNICIANS secure them in orange carrying
text: cases, lock them under key, fast and proficient. They whisk
text: them out from under the spy plane.
text: The Technicians run for an idling Jeep. They sling the cases
text: into the rear of the vehicle which in turn accelerates away
text: hard, curving across the runway for another waiting plane.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'DONNELL KITCHEN - DAY
text: A kitchen out of the late 1950's. Kenny drinks coffee, ties
text: a tie, rifles through a briefcase at the kitchen table. The
text: horde of kids, ages 2-14, breakfast on an array of period
text: food. Kenny grills the kids while he goes over papers.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Secretary of Defense...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Dean Rusk!
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Wrong, and you get to wax my car.
text: KENNY JR. smirk at Kevin.
speaker_heading: KENNY JR.
text: Rusk is State, moron. Robert McNamara.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Got time for pancakes?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Nope. Attorney General?
text: A PHONE RINGS as the kids cry out en masse.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: (chorus)
dialog: Too easy! Bobby, Bobby Kennedy!
text: Kenny glances up at the wall. There are two phones, side by
text: side. One RED, one BLACK. It's the black one ringing.
text: Helen answers. Kenny goes back to his papers.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: All right, wise guys, Assistant
dialog: Secretary of State for Latin America...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STEUART BUILDING - DAY
text: A U.S. Navy truck lurches to a stop in front of the run-down,
text: brick-faced seven-story Steuart Building on 5th and K. Rear
text: doors BANG open, and out hop two MARINE GUARDS, side arms
text: drawn, film canisters in a carrying case between them.
scene_heading: SUPER: NATIONAL PHOTOGRAPHIC INTERPRETATION CENTER
scene_heading: (NPIC), WASHINGTON D.C.
text: As the Marines approach the building, front doors SLAM open.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS OFFICE, NPIC - DAY
text: A bespectacled OPERATIONS MANAGER hands a clipboard to one of
text: the big Marine Guards who in turn hands him a set of keys.
text: The Manager unlocks the film cases. PHOTO INTERPRETERS swoop
text: in, whisk away the contents: SPOOLS OF FILM.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. O'DONNELL RESIDENCE - DAY
text: A black Lincoln pulls away from the modest white house on a
text: tidy Washington D.C. residential street.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON D.C., AERIAL - DAY
text: The car threads its way through the Washington traffic, past
text: the big administrative buildings, down tree-lined avenues,
text: takes a turn into a gate. As the car stops at the gate, the
text: CAMERA flies past, revealing it's the gate to the WHITE
speaker_heading: HOUSE.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NPIC - DAY
text: CLOSE ON the five-thousand rolls of film spewing through
text: processing equipment, its streaking passage leading us
dialog: straight through the development machinery to:
text: A SERIES OF VARIOUS SHOTS:
text: Photo Interpreters power up light tables, stereoscopic
text: viewers, zip across the floor in wheeled chairs.
text: Flying switches, flickering lights, humming motors. It's an
text: eerie dance of technological black magic.
text: Another pair of Interpreters loom out of the darkness, side
text: by side, ghostly looking, their glasses reflecting the glare
text: of the light table, like magicians staring into a crystal
dialog: ball.
text: IMAGES FILL THE SCREEN
text: Aerial shots, flashing by. Cuban countryside from 72,500
text: feet. A MAGNIFYING GLASS swings down on its arm in front of
text: us, magnifying the carpet of trees... and a row of six canvas
text: covered OBJECTS among them.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - WEST WING - DAY
text: Kenny, in business suit and tie, trots up the steps, and a
text: MARINE GUARD snaps the door open for him.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny, briefcase in hand, weaves his way through the empty,
text: ornate hallways of the West Wing. Past magnificent doorways,
text: early American furniture, paintings. He finally reaches a
text: doorway, goes through into:
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: A long, narrow affair, window at the back looking out into
text: the Rose Garden. Kenny dumps his briefcase on the desk,
text: shucks off his coat, removes a folder from his briefcase,
text: turns and heads back out...
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING HALLS - CONTINUOUS
text: And into the warren of offices and halls that is the working
text: White House. He takes a right, passes the doors to the Oval
text: Office right next to his office, goes down a long, straight
dialog: hall, into...
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - CONTINUOUS
text: The formal main building, the executive mansion. He passes
text: the busts of Presidents past, turns left into an elevator.
text: The doors close.
scene_heading: INT. 3RD FLOOR - FAMILY QUARTERS - DAY
text: The doors open. Kenny strides out onto a DIFFERENT FLOOR,
text: the third. He heads down the long, posh hall of the family
text: quarters. Fine furnishings, art. The living White House.
text: He approaches the double doors at the end of the hall guarded
text: by a cluster of SECRET SERVICE AGENTS. An agent opens one of
text: the doors.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Morning, Floyd.
scene_heading: SECRET SERVICE AGENT
dialog: Good morning, Mr. O'Donnell.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENT'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny enters the elegant bedroom. The figure alone at a side
text: table by the window, drinks coffee, breakfast still spread
text: out before him, Washington Post obscuring his face.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Top o' the morning, Mr. President.
text: The figure lowers the paper.
text: It is PRESIDENT JOHN F. KENNEDY. He's wearing boxers and a
text: tank top. Unshaven. Bed-head.
dialog: Kenny O'Donnell, former ward-pol and long-time Kennedy man,
dialog: is his Chief of Staff...
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Morning, Kenny. You see this goddamn
dialog: Capehart stuff?
text: The President rattles the paper. Kenny collapses in the
text: chair opposite the President, sprawls, comfortable.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Bayh's going to lose, but it's good
dialog: groundwork for us for '64.
text: Kenny steals a piece of buttered toast off the President's
text: plate. The President spares him a glance.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I was eating that.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: No you weren't.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: (scanning the paper)
dialog: I was, you bastard.
text: Kenny takes a defiant bite.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: So what've we got today?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Today, for your information, is Pulaski
dialog: Day. We're going to Buffalo...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAY
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: BUFFALO, NEW YORK
text: A luxury hotel crowded with LOCAL POLS: the Democratic
text: machine of Buffalo. Beyond the open floor-to-ceiling
text: windows, a CROWD. The Pulaski Day Parade, a glimpse of '69s
text: Americana. High School bands blare Sousa. The scene is
text: deafening, boisterous. Pols trail Kenny as he crosses the
text: room: fast, tough, on-the-go.
speaker_heading: POL #1
dialog: We're putting up Potowski next time.
dialog: Will you guys come out for him?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Who else you got?
speaker_heading: POL #2
dialog: There's Richardson. Good kid.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Got the touch?
speaker_heading: POL #2
dialog: Yeah. Still moldable, too.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Everyone likes a good kid...
dialog: And like that, a congressional candidate is made... Kenny
text: accelerates, leaving the Pols behind. Suddenly, outside the
text: windows, the crowd swells forward with a collective ROAR.
speaker_heading: CROWD
scene_heading: MR. PRESIDENT! PRESIDENT KENNEDY!
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - DAY
text: Kenny heads down the steps with New York Times Washington
text: Bureau Chief, SCOTTY RESTON. Anonymous, they weave their way
text: through the crowd for a police car on a side street.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: How's my favorite President?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Busy. But you've got his heart.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: I want an hour with him.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I said his heart, not his attention.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: Three weeks before midterm elections?
dialog: You need me.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Well. There is a new civil rights
dialog: initiative he wants to talk about.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: I'm doing a piece on Skybolt. I hear
text: Macmillan's meeting with him in Nassau.
text: Kenny just sighs as they make their way up to the police car.
text: A Secret Service Agent opens the door for him, another is
text: behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: We're giving the Brits Polaris instead.
dialog: But a story'll just aggravate things.
text: Scotty stares at Kenny, determined. Kenny looks away. And
text: his eye catches a tall, willowy BEAUTIFUL WOMAN. She is
text: talking, excited, embarrassed, to two more SECRET SERVICE
text: AGENTS. What they're saying is lost in the noise.
text: Scotty follows Kenny's gaze. Then the two men share a look,
text: a silent understanding. Kenny glances at the Secret Service
text: guy holding the car door, tilts his head at the woman.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Not today. He's got tight schedule.
text: The Agent nods, heads for the other Agents and the Beautiful
text: Woman. Scotty acts like nothing has happened.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: Pretending there isn't a problem won't
dialog: fix it. He can clear the air on Anglo
dialog: American relations.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Forget it, Scotty.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: Let him talk to me, he makes Macmillan
dialog: look good, I print it, the British
dialog: public likes it, Macmillan owes you.
text: The formula's exactly what Kenny wants to hear. He pretends
text: to consider, pretends to cave as he gets in the car.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: All right, you're in. Half hour.
text: Reston's won. But so has Kenny, and he's made Scotty feel
dialog: tough in the bargain. People like Kenny.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - DAY
text: In the back seat, Kenny stares out the window at the parade
text: goers. The Secret Service Agents leave the Woman.
text: Disappointed, the Woman turns and vanishes into the crowd.
text: It's an eerie moment. Something troubles Kenny, and he
text: glances up at the sky. A premonition. But it's a clear,
text: clear blue. A day like this, all is right with the world...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NPIC - NIGHT
text: Six Interpreters huddle around IMAGES on a light table. One
text: of them shoulders his way into the group and THUMPS a black
text: BINDER on the table. There are grim nods of agreement.
text: The book is open to a PICTURE of an SS-4 BALLISTIC MISSILE.
text: A photo from Moscow Mayday parade. An icon of the nuclear
text: age escorted like some devil-god to a holocaust...
scene_heading: END MAIN TITLE SEQUENCE
scene_heading: EXT. THE WHITE HOUSE - DAY
text: The White House casts long shadows this gorgeous October
text: morning. Blue sky; the first flash of color in the trees.
scene_heading: SUPER: TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16TH, 1962. DAY 1.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Briefcase and coat in hand, Kenny enters his office - and
text: finds THREE MEN. Standing there. Thin-haired, bespectacled,
text: academic-looking MCGEORGE BUNDY, 43, the National Security
text: Advisor. The two men in the background: PHOTO INTERPRETERS.
text: Kenny hangs up his coat, sees the Interpreters' large black
text: display cases. And suddenly the world is slightly off
dialog: kilter.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Hey, Mac. You're up bright and early.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: No, Ken. I need to see him now...
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - RESIDENTIAL FLOOR - DAY
text: Kenny emerges from the elevator with Bundy. They head down
text: the long, posh 3rd floor hall, the Presidential Detail
text: guarding the doors at the end. But the familiar route feels
text: strange, and lasting an eternity. Kenny eyes the package
text: under Bundy's arm, its TOP SECRET stamp visible.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Morning, Floyd.
scene_heading: SECRET SERVICE AGENT
dialog: Good morning, Mr. O'Donnell. Mr. Bundy.
text: The Agent opens the door. Bundy pauses, Kenny with him.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: What's it about?
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: Cuba.
text: Bundy is tense. But Kenny relaxes.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Just Cuba? Okay, I got work to do, see
dialog: you guys downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny's office is a raging beehive of activity. Kenny works
text: the phone as ASSISTANTS come and go with files.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: (to phone, scary calm)
dialog: Listen to me, you worthless piece of
dialog: disloyal shit. You will pull Daly's man
dialog: on the circuit. You owe your goddamn
dialog: job to this administration.
dialog: (beat, listening)
dialog: There is a word you need to learn. It
dialog: is the only word in politics. Loyalty.
dialog: LOYALTY you motherfucking piece of shit!
text: As Kenny THROWS the phone down at the receiver, and the
text: PRIVATE DOOR to the Oval Office suddenly opens. Kenny
text: glances up. President Kennedy stands there in the doorway.
text: Kenny thinks he's reacting to the tirade.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: What're you looking at? This isn't the
dialog: blessed order of St. Mary the Meek.
text: Kenny stops.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse us.
text: The Assistants leave, shutting the door after them. Kenny
dialog: rises.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I think you should come in here.
text: Kenny starts for the door.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: Still think Cuba isn't important?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Not as far as the election goes.
text: The President lets Kenny by into...
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: WE ENTER from a different angle than we usually enter in
text: movies: through the side door. The President's ornate desk
text: sits on the right, windows looking out on the Rose Garden
text: behind it. Kenny's gaze swivels to:
text: THE OTHER END OF THE ROOM where the Interpreters, their
text: crewcut chief, ARTHUR LUNDAHL, 50's, and Bundy stare at him.
text: They're surrounded by PRESENTATION BOARDS propped up around
text: the fireplace. The President's rocking chair and sofas.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: You used to look down a bomb sight for a
dialog: living, Ken. What do you see?
text: In eerie silence, as all eyes follow him, Kenny makes his way
text: among the presentation boards with the U-2 imagery, stops in
text: front of the picture of the six canvas-covered objects. It
text: unleashes a wave of memories.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: We hit a Nazi buzz bomb field in '45.
dialog: (beat, incredulous)
text: It looks like a rocket base...
text: He puts his hand out to touch the image, then turns and looks
text: to the President, knowing what they must be.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: On Sunday morning, one of our U-2s took
dialog: these pictures. The Soviets are putting
dialog: medium range ballistic missiles into
dialog: Cuba.
text: Shock. Silence. Kenny glances to the other men.
speaker_heading: LUNDAHL
dialog: They appear to be the SS-4: range of a
dialog: thousand miles, three-megaton nuclear
text: warhead.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Jesus Christ in Heaven...
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE OPERATOR'S CENTER - DAY
text: A bank of WHITE HOUSE OPERATORS work the switchboard, fingers
text: flying, voices overlapping in a babble of:
scene_heading: VARIOUS OPERATORS
dialog: Please hold for the White House...Mr.
dialog: O'Donnell for Secretary McNamara...
dialog: White House Operator... please hold...
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Kenny carries the phone with him as he paces hard from his
text: desk to his window.
speaker_heading: KENNY
text: The principals are assembling in an
dialog: hour. See you then.
text: Kenny hangs up. The President enters. A beat. And in that
text: beat, there's a void. The two men are off their emotional
text: stride, trying to grope their way out of shock.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Where's Bobby?
text: Kenny nods, acknowledging the feeling
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Should be here any minute.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Good.
text: And we glimpse the chemistry of these guys by Bobby's
text: absence. It's like they're missing their third wheel.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (O.S.)
dialog: Where the hell are you?
text: The President and Kenny hear him out in the hall. And the
text: tension goes out of them instantly.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: In here!
text: They turn to the door as BOBBY KENNEDY, 37, the President's
text: younger brother/Attorney General, enters. Bobby shuts the
text: door behind him, falls into Kenny's chair, and clearly
text: grappling with his own disbelief, is hushed.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Jesus Christ, guys. What the hell's
dialog: Khruschev thinking?
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Did you have any indication of this from
dialog: Georgi? Any possible warning or sense
dialog: of motivation?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Complete snowjob. And then we went out
dialog: and told the country they weren't
dialog: putting missiles into Cuba.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: By the way, you realize we just lost the
text: midterms.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Who gives a shit about the midterms now?
dialog: The Soviets are putting nuclear weapons
text: ninety miles away from us.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You mean there's something more
dialog: important than votes? Didn't think I'd
dialog: live to see the day, Ken.
text: The President paces away, grim.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Jesus. I feel like we've caught the Jap
text: carriers steaming for Pearl Harbor.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING HALLWAY - DAY
text: The President strides down the plush hallway, Bobby and Kenny
text: flanking him. Unconsciously, all three men assume the same
text: gait: confident, powerful, no longer disoriented.
text: And before our eyes, the three men's game faces appear, and
dialog: they become the hard-ass leaders of the United States.
text: Secret Service Agents throw open the massive double doors to
dialog: the Cabinet Room.
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: And they enter. The group of men at the long, ornate
text: Roosevelt-era table, rise as one.
speaker_heading: GROUP
dialog: Good morning, Mr. President.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Good morning, gentlemen.
text: And the doors close on the eighteen men of EXCOM: The
dialog: Executive Committee of the National Security Council. They
dialog: are the legendary "Best and Brightest."
text: The President makes his way down the line: shakes hands with
text: Secretary of State DEAN RUSK, 53, distinguished, with a soft,
text: Georgian accent, a distant reserve.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: Dean, good morning.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: Mr. President.
text: The President leans past him, grasps the hand of the
text: Secretary of Defense ROBERT MCNAMARA, 46, a gifted managerial
dialog: genius... the price of which is a cold, hard personality.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Bob. Bet you had a late night.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Sleep is for the weak, Mr. President.
text: OFF TO THE SIDE, Kenny greets Vice President LYNDON JOHNSON,
text: 54, and ADLAI STEVENSON, 62, Representative to the U.N.,
dialog: intellectual, well-spoken.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Lyndon. Adlai.
text: The silver-haired war hero and politically savvy Chairman of
scene_heading: The Joint Chiefs of Staff, GENERAL MAXWELL TAYLOR, 50s,
text: shakes the President's hand.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Max.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: McCone's been notified and is coming
dialog: back from the West coast. Carter's
dialog: here, though.
text: He gestures to GENERAL MARSHALL CARTER, Deputy Chief of
text: Operations for the CIA. Carter nods to the President.
text: THE CAMERA PANS OVER THE OTHERS.
text: DOUGLAS DILLON, ex-banker, Secretary of the Treasury.
text: ROSWELL GILPATRIC, studious Deputy Secretary of Defense.
text: PAUL NITZE, 55, the detail-driven facts man, Assistant
dialog: Secretary of Defense.
text: GEORGE BALL, 50s, Undersecretary of State. Eloquent, a man
dialog: of conscience.
scene_heading: U. ALEXIS JOHNSON, Deputy Under Secretary of State.
dialog: EDWARD MARTIN, Assistant Secretary of State for Latin
dialog: America.
text: LLEWELLYN THOMPSON, laid back, rumpled Soviet Affairs
dialog: Advisor.
text: DON WILSON, Deputy Director of the USIA.
text: The President sits down at the center of the table, Rusk and
text: McNamara to either side, and the others resume their seats.
text: Bobby takes one of the over-stuffed chairs at the table.
text: Kenny finds one along the wall behind the President, under
text: the windows to the Rose Garden to TED SORENSEN, 30s, the
text: President's legal counsel and speech writer. They greet each
text: other coolly.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Ted.
speaker_heading: SORENSEN
dialog: Kenny.
text: The room falls silent. The President looks across the table
text: to GENERAL CARTER.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Okay. Let's have it.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CARTER
dialog: Arthur Lundahl heads our photographic
dialog: interpretation division at CIA. I'll
dialog: let him and his boys take you through
dialog: what we've got. Arthur?
text: Lundahl, standing at the end of the room with briefing
text: boards, steps forward with a pointer.
speaker_heading: LUNDAHL
dialog: Gentlemen, as most of you now know a U-2
dialog: over Cuba on Sunday morning took a
text: series of disturbing photographs.
text: SWINGING THE POINTER AT A BOARD SMASH CUTS US TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MISSILE SITE - LOS PALACIOS, CUBA - DAY
text: The sweltering Cuban countryside. Shouting SOVIET ROCKET
text: TROOPS, stripped to the waist, glistening with sweat, machete
text: a clearing under scattered, limp palm trees.
speaker_heading: LUNDAHL (V.O.)
dialog: Our analysis at NPIC indicates the
dialog: Soviet Union has followed its
text: conventional weapons build-up in Cuba
dialog: with the introduction of surface-to
dialog: surface medium-range ballistic missiles,
dialog: or MRBMs. Our official estimate at this
dialog: time is that this missile system is the
dialog: SS-4 Sandal. We do not believe these
text: missiles are as yet operational.
text: A bulldozer TEARS through the undergrowth. FILLING THE
text: SCREEN. A 70-foot long MISSILE TRANSPORTER creeps along in
text: the bulldozer's wake like a vast hearse with its shrouded
dialog: cargo.
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - DAY
text: Lundahl raps his second board: a map of the United States,
text: Cuba visible in the lower corner. An ARC is drawn clearly
text: across the U.S., encompassing the entire Southeast.
speaker_heading: LUNDAHL
text: IRONBARK reports the SS-4 can deliver a
dialog: 3-megaton nuclear weapon 1000 miles. So
dialog: far we have identified 32 missiles
dialog: served by around 3400 men, undoubtedly
dialog: all Soviet personnel. Our cities and
dialog: military installations in the Southeast,
dialog: as far north as Washington, are in range
dialog: of these weapons, and in the event of a
dialog: launch, would only have five minutes of
dialog: warning.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CARTER
dialog: Five minutes, gentlemen. Five minutes.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: In those five minutes they could kill 80
dialog: million Americans and destroy a
dialog: significant number of our bomber bases,
dialog: degrading our retaliatory options. The
dialog: Joint Chiefs' consensus is that this is
text: a massively destabilizing move,
dialog: upsetting the nuclear balance.
text: The President stares at Lundahl, and beating out each word.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Arthur. Are. You. Sure?
text: Lundahl looks around the room. Everyone is hanging.
speaker_heading: LUNDAHL
dialog: Yes, Mr. President. These are nuclear
dialog: missiles.
text: The men come to grips with their own fears, own anger.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: How long until they're operational?
speaker_heading: LUNDAHL
dialog: General Taylor can answer that question
dialog: better than I can.
text: General Taylor drops a memo on the table WHICH BECOMES:
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD TABLE - MISSILE SITE, CUBA - DAY
text: SCHEMATICS slapped down on a camp table. A group of Soviet
text: site ENGINEERS point and gesture as they study their ground
text: from a shaded hillock. CLEARING CREWS and SURVEYORS work and
text: sweat in the distance.
speaker_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: GMAIC estimates ten to fourteen days.
dialog: However, a crash program to ready the
dialog: missiles could cut that time.
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - DAY
text: Taylor sees the grim looks all around.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: I have to stress that there may be more
dialog: missiles that we don't know about. We
dialog: need more U-2 coverage.
text: Kenny lets out his breath. He catches Bobby's eye. This is
dialog: unbelievable.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Is there any indication - anything at
dialog: all - that suggests they intend to use
dialog: these missiles in some sort of first
dialog: strike?
speaker_heading: GENERAL CARTER
dialog: Not at present, sir. But I think the
dialog: prudent answer is we don't know.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Do we have any sort of intelligence from
dialog: CIA on what Khruschev is thinking?
speaker_heading: GENERAL CARTER
dialog: No, Mr. President. We don't. We just
dialog: don't know what's happening inside the
dialog: Kremlin at that level.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: They lied to us. Two weeks ago Dobrynin
dialog: told me to my face Khurschev had no
dialog: intention of putting missiles into Cuba.
dialog: They said themselves, this is our
text: backyard.
text: There's angry agreement. The President cuts it off.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Gentlemen, I want first reactions.
text: Assuming for a moment Khruschev has not
dialog: gone off the deep end and intends to
dialog: start World War Three, what are we
dialog: looking at?
text: Rusk glances to his team at the end of the table. Ball,
text: Johnson, Martin, Thompson and Stevenson.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: Mr. President, I believe my team is in
dialog: agreement. If we permit the
dialog: introduction of nuclear missiles to a
dialog: Soviet satellite nation in our
dialog: hemisphere, the diplomatic consequences
dialog: will be too terrible to contemplate.
dialog: The Russians are trying to show the
dialog: world they can do whatever they want,
dialog: wherever they want, and we're powerless
dialog: to stop them. If they succeed...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: It will be Munich all over again.
speaker_heading: RUSK
text: Appeasement only makes the aggressor
dialog: more aggressive. Confidence in our
dialog: security commitments around the world
dialog: will falter, allies will become unsure
dialog: in the face of Soviet pressure, and the
dialog: Soviets will be emboldened to push us
dialog: even harder. We must remove the
dialog: missiles one way or another. It seems
dialog: to me the options are either to build up
dialog: the crisis 'til they give in, or we hit
text: them. An air strike.
text: There's silence at the table. Some nods. Understanding.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Bob?
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: We've worked up several military
dialog: scenarios. Before I ask General Taylor
dialog: to lead us through the various options,
dialog: I'd like for us to adopt a rule.
dialog: If we are going to strike, we must agree
dialog: now that we will do it before the
dialog: missiles become operational. Because
dialog: once they are, I don't think we can
dialog: guarantee getting them all before at
text: least some are launched.
text: And there it is. The clock is running.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: Sir. We need to consider... if we
dialog: decide to act, there's a good chance
dialog: we'll end up in a general war.
text: The room falls silent. The President leans back in his
text: chair, studying the circle of men around the table, weighing
dialog: them.
text: Kenny and the others watch him in silence. A long, dramatic
text: pause. A course that will change history is about to be
text: chosen. The President leans forward, folds his hands on the
text: table. Fated. Grave.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: It's clear we cannot permit Soviet
dialog: nuclear missiles in Cuba. We must get
dialog: those missiles out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROSE GARDEN - DAY
text: Kenny and Bobby follow the President down a path through the
text: Rose Garden. The shock of the morning has worn off. The
text: President stops, looks at them.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I don't think it's going to matter what
dialog: Khruschev's intentions are. I tell you,
dialog: right now... I don't see any way around
dialog: hitting them.
text: A long moment of silence as they move along again.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: If we hit 'em, kill a lot of Russians,
dialog: they'll move against Berlin. They
dialog: attack Berlin, that's NATO... and we're
dialog: at war.
text: The guys stop again. The autumn day is bright, warm, alive.
text: The air, the distant city sounds derail the relentless train
text: of logic for a beat. And in their faces we see that all
text: three men, for the first time, feel the enormity of war, its
text: shadow over everything. It's only a couple of steps away.
text: Steps that they're seriously contemplating.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Damned if we do, but if we don't, we're
dialog: in a war for sure somewhere else in six
dialog: months.
text: Pained, the President turns away.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: No choice. This is going to cost lives
dialog: any way we go. Do nothing, and it could
dialog: be 80 million of ours. We have to get
dialog: rid of those missiles.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: There've got to be alternatives to just
text: going out and bombing them.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: He's right, Jack. Taylor is saying we
dialog: may have some time. We've got to use
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: So if there are alternatives that make
dialog: sense - and I'm not saying there are -
dialog: we need 'em. Need 'em fast.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What about the allies? Congress? I
dialog: think we may need to start letting key
dialog: people know. And they're all scattered
dialog: across the country for the campaign.
dialog: We're going to need to get the U.N.
dialog: staff in and warmed up. Jesus... I
dialog: don't even know if we've got secure
dialog: communications with half our embassies
dialog: since that the Soviets got that
dialog: cryptographer of ours.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: We can't worry about everything right
dialog: now. We've got to figure out what we're
dialog: going to do before we worry about how we
dialog: do it.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: The other thing is...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: ... I know. CIA and the military fucked
dialog: us on the Bay of Pigs.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: They're going to be pressing for a
dialog: military solution soon. We can't afford
dialog: to let them ram their agenda down our
dialog: throats. We need to come with options
dialog: other than air strikes so we have some
dialog: sort of choice here.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We got a bunch of smart guys. We lock
dialog: 'em up together in there, kick 'em in
dialog: the ass til they come up with options.
text: Kenny and the President look at him. Bobby nods.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll do it.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: (to the President)
dialog: It's too politicized with you in there,
dialog: anyway. They need to be able to stick
text: their necks out.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: It'll be the principals, a couple of the
dialog: key guys from each department: the
dialog: Executive Committee of the National
dialog: Security Council. We'll call it EXCOM.
text: Kenny snorts a laugh. Bobby shoots him a cross look.
speaker_heading: KENNY
text: EXCOM. Has a ring to it. Like F-Troop.
text: The President stops. Bobby and Kenny stop, too.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Okay. Kenny and I only show for the
dialog: meetings you call us into. Impress us.
dialog: And do it fast.
dialog: (to Kenny)
dialog: You're in charge of keeping this quiet.
dialog: If word gets out before we know what
dialog: we're going to do, there'll be panic.
dialog: And it'll ruin any chance of surprise if
dialog: we decide to hit them.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Then we need to do a few things right
dialog: away. No Pierre. He knows, the press
dialog: knows.
dialog: You're going to have to keep up your
dialog: schedule - your movements are followed
dialog: too closely. And we need to get these
dialog: guys out of the White House. George
dialog: Ball's got a conference room at State.
dialog: (to Bobby)
dialog: Reconvene over there this afternoon,
dialog: come back here tonight.
text: Bobby nods.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I think we should bring in Dean Acheson.
dialog: He was fighting Soviets while we were
text: still working the wards in Boston.
text: The President nods his approval. Looks at Kenny.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Find him, Kenny. We're going to need
dialog: all the help we can get.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING - HALL OUTSIDE PRESS OFFICE - DAY
text: Kenny moves hard and fast through the twisting warren of
text: hallways and tiny offices which is the West Wing. Suddenly,
text: Scotty Reston pops out of a doorway behind Kenny.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: Hey, Kenny! Who died?
text: Kenny glances over his shoulder at Scotty who points to a
text: window. A beat, then Kenny returns to look out the window.
text: Outside, the West Wing Drive is FILLED WITH LIMOUSINES.
text: A flash of dismay, but Kenny covers fast.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Way it's going, the Democratic Party.
dialog: DNC strategy session. If you can call
dialog: it that.
text: Scotty chuckles. Kenny moves off, leading him away. Kenny's
text: assistant runs up behind him, holding out a slip of paper.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Sir?
text: Kenny tries to look him away.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: It's Tuesday. You said to call. When
dialog: do I get my 45 minutes?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Tell you what. We're in Connecticut
dialog: tomorrow for Ribicoff. I'll get you up
text: front with him during the flight.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: Deal.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Sir.
dialog: Kenny turns, harsh
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: What is it?
text: The Assistant eyes Scotty, holds his tongue. Kenny takes the
dialog: slips.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: The number you asked for.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I ask for a lot of 'em. Whose is it?
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Dean Acheson's, sir.
text: That shuts Kenny up. Reston eyes the slip, then looks to
text: Kenny's face. And he knows something isn't right here.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Gotta go, Scotty. See you tomorrow.
scene_heading: INT. TREASURY BUILDING GARAGE - NIGHT
text: A car jolts to a stop. The CAMERA PANS up over the sagging
text: suspension, the government plates, the hood ornament
text: revealing half of EXCOM inside. Kenny stands nearby waiting
dialog: for them.
text: The doors open, and out they pile like a bunch of clowns:
text: Bobby, McNamara, Rusk, Ball, Martin, Dioptric, Sorensen,
text: Stevenson, and Nitze. They're sitting in each others' laps,
text: banging their heads on the roof, joking, but tense.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Screw secrecy. You try having that fat
dialog: ass sit on your lap all the way from
text: Foggy Bottom.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: You were excited. I say no more.
text: The gang falls in behind Kenny, trails him out of the garage.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL TO WHITE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A steel door unlocks, swings open, and Kenny marches at the
text: head of the wedge of men into a long tunnel. It's the
text: infamous old passage from the Treasury to the White House.
text: Kenny and Bobby get a little ahead of the others.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Everybody agrees the diplomatic route is
dialog: out. It's too slow, and they'll have
dialog: the missiles finished.
text: Kenny looks at him. Then there's only one alternative. The
text: CAMERA wipes through the ceiling to:
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: GROUND LEVEL. Where the brilliantly-lit flag flutters over
text: the spotlit White House: their destination.
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - NIGHT
scene_heading: GENERAL WALTER 'CAM' SWEENEY, head of Tactical Air Command,
text: stands at the head of the table with a presentation board.
text: The men of EXCOM gather around Sweeney in their rumpled
text: shirts, nursing coffee and cigarettes.
scene_heading: GENERAL SWEENEY
dialog: We have 850 planes assembling at
dialog: Homestead, Eglin, Opa Locka, MacDill,
text: Patrick, Pensacola and Key West.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOMESTEAD AFB - FLORIDA - NIGHT
text: An F-100 Super Sabre stands under lights on a taxiway. The
text: CAMERA DESCENDS FROM ITS OVERHEAD SHOT, discovering the
text: aircraft's sleek cockpit, menacing tiger-jaw paint job, the
text: four 20mm cannons on its nose.
speaker_heading: GENERAL SWEENEY (V.O.)
text: Due to the tropical foliage, the OPLAN
dialog: calls for high-explosive and napalm
dialog: loadouts for our ground attack sorties.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL:
text: The FLIGHT LINE where a full strike wing stands beyond this
text: plane, pylons laden with weapons, GROUND CREW servicing them.
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Other EXCOM members draw near the board, its order of battle,
text: strike maps. They're grim, but fascinated. Empowering.
text: Intoxicating. Sexy. Kenny sees it in the faces, even the
text: President's. Adlai does too, is upset.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: I still think there are diplomatic
dialog: approaches we haven't considered yet.
text: Kenny looks at Adlai. The others around the room,
text: embarrassed, don't respond. The group has moved on and
dialog: Stevenson hasn't.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: We have high confidence in the expanded
dialog: air strike option.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The problem, Mr. President, is that it's
dialog: a short-term solution. Khruschev can
dialog: send more missiles next month. The
dialog: Chiefs and I believe we should follow up
text: the air strikes with the full version of
speaker_heading: OPLAN 316.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: An invasion...
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: Yes, sir. We can be sure we get all the
dialog: missiles, and we remove Castro so this
dialog: can never happen again.
text: Kenny looks around the room at the men, the murmurs of
dialog: general agreement, senses the consensus building and is
dialog: agitated.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Is this the Chiefs' recommendation?
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: Yes, sir. Our best option is to
dialog: commence the strikes before the missiles
text: are operational. The invasion happens
dialog: eight days later.
text: The President leans back in his chair, turns to the man at
text: the far end of the table: DEAN ACHESON, 60s, former Secretary
text: of State. He sits silent, like some revered oracle, the
dialog: architect of the American Cold War strategy of containment.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Dean. What do you think?
text: Acheson arches an eyebrow, and when he speaks, his voice
text: resonates throughout the room, powerful, smooth, hypnotic.
speaker_heading: ACHESON
dialog: Mr. President, you have rightly
dialog: dismissed the diplomatic option. The
dialog: Soviet will only tie you down in
dialog: negotiation, and leave us short of our
dialog: goal, the removal of the missiles.
dialog: Negotiating will do nothing more than
dialog: give them time to make the missiles
dialog: operational, complicating the necessary
dialog: military task we have at hand.
text: Everyone in the room listens to him with rapt attention, his
text: presence overshadowing the room, oracular:
speaker_heading: ACHESON (CONT'D)
dialog: For the last fifteen years, I have
dialog: fought here at this table along side
dialog: your predecessors in the struggle
dialog: against the Soviet. Gentlemen, I do not
dialog: wish to seem melodramatic, but I do wish
dialog: to impress upon you one observation with
dialog: all conceivable sincerity. A lesson I
dialog: have learned with bitter tears and great
dialog: sacrifice.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The Soviet understands only one
dialog: language: action. It respects only one
dialog: word: force.
text: Kenny stares at the old man. Acheson's gaze finds his
text: through the cigarette smoke. Acheson's eyes travel to the
dialog: President.
speaker_heading: ACHESON (CONT'D)
dialog: I concur with General Taylor. I
dialog: recommend, sir, air strikes followed by
dialog: invasion, perhaps preceded by an
dialog: ultimatum to dismantle the missiles if
dialog: military necessity permits.
text: Taylor nods, vindicated. The others murmur their approval.
text: Bobby, at the table in front of Kenny and to his left, trades
text: a dire look with Kenny. This is happening too fast. Bobby
text: holds his head, looks about at the others, deeply distressed.
text: The President sinks back in his chair, staring at Acheson.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Then it appears we have three options.
text: Number one. A surgical air strike
text: against the missiles themselves. Two, a
text: larger air strike against their air
text: defenses along with the missiles.
text: Kenny eyes Bobby. Bobby is writing something.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: And three, invasion.
text: Bobby looks over his shoulder at Kenny, and REACHES BACK to
text: him with a folded NOTE. Kenny takes it, opens it.
text: It reads NOW I KNOW WHO TOJO FELT PLANNING PEARL HARBOR.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: We're certainly going to do number one;
dialog: we're going to take out these missiles,
dialog: so it seems to me we don't have to wait
dialog: very long. We ought to at least be
dialog: making those preparations.
text: Kenny gives Bobby a curt nod. Bobby tilts his head at the
text: President: pass the note on to him. Kenny rises, slips the
text: note in front of the President.
text: The President unfolds the note, and we HOLD ON IT and his
text: reaction as in the b.g., out of focus, Taylor speaks:
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: Yes, sir, we're preparing to implement
dialog: all three options, though I must stress
dialog: again, sir, there are risks to the
text: strikes without the follow-on invasion.
text: Bundy clears his throat. Speaks from somewhere down the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: You want to be clear, Mr. President,
dialog: that we have definitely decided against
dialog: a political track.
text: The President folds the note away, glances at Bobby. A beat,
text: the President looks from Bobby to Acheson.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Dean, how does this play out?
speaker_heading: ACHESON
dialog: Your first step, sir, will be to demand
dialog: that the Soviet withdraw the missiles
dialog: within 12 to 24 hours. They will
dialog: refuse. When they do, you will order
text: the strikes, followed by the invasion.
text: They will resist, but will be overrun.
dialog: They will retaliate against a target
dialog: somewhere else in the world, most likely
dialog: Berlin. We will honor our treaty
dialog: commitments and resist them there,
dialog: defeating them per our plans.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Those plans call for the use of nuclear
dialog: weapons.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And what is the next step?
text: Acheson sits back in his chair, smooths his moustache. A
text: dramatic beat, and then his ominous pronouncement rings out:
speaker_heading: ACHESON
dialog: Hopefully cooler heads will prevail
text: before we reach the next step.
text: A chill runs down Kenny's spine. He looks in shock to the
text: President. The President remains calm. But in place of the
text: fated look the President has had, there's a hesitation.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING HALLS - NIGHT
text: Acheson strides down the hall, Taylor, Sweeney, Carter and
text: Bundy swept along behind him. Bundy is on the defensive, the
text: others grim.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: If McNamara'd get off the fence...
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: We have time.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CARTER
dialog: Goddamn it, it's obvious. It's the only
dialog: option. That asshole, Stevenson. We
dialog: can't let this drag out or we lose our
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: Bombing them...
speaker_heading: ACHESON
dialog: Remember that the Kennedys' father was
dialog: one of the architects of Munich. The
dialog: General is right. There is only one
dialog: responsible choice here.
text: Bundy just nods. Taylor grabs a door ahead for Acheson.
speaker_heading: ACHESON (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's pray appeasement doesn't run in
dialog: families. I fear weakness does.
text: And the men head into a stairwell going down.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Grimacing in pain. He opens a pill bottle, takes two pills
text: out. He takes a whiskey in a shot glass from Kenny.
speaker_heading: RESUME
text: Kenny finishes pouring him and Bobby a couple of more shots,
text: discreetly turning a blind eye to the President's pain.
text: The President returns from his desk, shirt untucked,
text: disheveled, back stiff. He eases into his rocking chair.
text: Bobby lies sprawled on the couch. Kenny sits down. They all
text: look at each other. A beat, something like shock.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Jesus Christ Almighty...
text: They burst out laughing. An absurd, tension draining moment.
text: They shoot their drinks, Kenny refills.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Call me Irish, but I don't believe in
text: cooler heads prevailing.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Acheson's scenario is unacceptable. And
dialog: he has more experience than anyone.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: There is no expert on this subject, no
dialog: wise old man.
text: The President stares Kenny in the face, understanding.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: The thing is, Acheson's right. Talk
dialog: alone won't accomplish anything.
text: Kenny considers the President, his face straight as he says:
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Then let's bomb the shit out of them.
dialog: Everyone wants to, even you, even me.
dialog: (there's a point)
dialog: It sure would feel good.
text: The President sees what Kenny's saying: it'd be an emotional
dialog: response, not necessarily the intelligent one.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Jack, I'm as conniving as they come, but
text: a sneak attack is just wrong.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: He's right. And things are happening
text: too fast. It smells like the Bay of
text: Pigs all over again.
text: Bobby picks up some reconnaissance photos on the coffee
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: As if dealing with the Russians wasn't
dialog: hard enough, we gotta worry about our
dialog: own house.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Tonight, listening to Taylor and
dialog: Acheson, I kept seeing Burke and Dulles
dialog: telling me all I had to do was sign on
dialog: the dotted line. The invasion would
dialog: succeed. Castro would be gone. Just
dialog: like that. Easy.
text: The President is rendered mute by a wave of pain. Kenny and
text: Bobby aver their eyes. When it passes, the President is
text: hushed, grave.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: There's something...immoral about
dialog: abandoning your own judgement.
text: Kenny nods, moved. The President reaches out for the
text: reconnaissance photos Bobby's flipping through. Bobby hands
text: them to him. The President looks them over. And when he
text: speaks, there's humility. And resolve.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: We can't let things get ahead of
dialog: themselves. We've got to control what
dialog: happens.
dialog: We're going to do what we have to make
dialog: this come out right. EXCOM is our first
dialog: weapon.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We'll resort to others as we need 'em.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT - BRIDGEPOINT, CONNECTICUT - DAY
scene_heading: SUPER: WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17TH. DAY 2
text: A LONG SHOT of an ENORMOUS CROWD thronging a bunting-trimmed
text: platform. The President, barely recognizable at the
text: distance, and a cluster of political VIPS wave from it,
text: smiling.
text: Kenny steps INTO FRAME, back here at the fringes of the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (O.S.)
dialog: Doesn't anybody in Connecticut have to
dialog: work today?
text: The crowd goes nuts. Kenny paces, checks his watch,
text: impatient to be done with the necessary diversion. Kenny
text: gazes off to his right and spots Scotty Reston, along with
text: half the White House press corps suckered along. Scotty
text: catches Kenny's look.
text: Kenny turns away, but Scotty comes weaving over. The
text: President continues on, but all we hear is Scotty and Kenny.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: Kenny! What happened? They didn't let
dialog: me up front, said the President was on
dialog: the phone the whole time.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: He was.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: Yeah? Who was he talking to? Acheson?
dialog: Come on, O'Donnell, everyone's wondering
dialog: what's going on. What's Acheson doing
dialog: in town? And don't give me some
dialog: bullshit about DNC think tanks.
dialog: Acheson's Mr. Cold War.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Why don't you ask him yourself? You can
text: have him on the way home.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: I'm giving you a chance here: talk to
dialog: me. You can influence how this thing
text: unfolds.
text: But Kenny stands there, mute. Reston just shakes his head,
text: knowing for sure something's up. He turns and heads back for
dialog: the press corps.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRS TO AIR FORCE ONE - DAY
text: Kenny and the President climb the stairs to the Presidential
text: plane, the crowd cheering him. He gives a final wave.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Let's get out of here.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Cheer up, you've neutralized the entire
text: White House Press Corps for a day.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE BALL'S CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: EXCOM meets in George Ball's small conference room at the
text: State Department. Bobby, in shirtsleeves, paces at the head
text: of the table, very, very alone. All eyes are on him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: No. No. No. There is more than one
dialog: option here. If one isn't occurring to
dialog: us, it's because we haven't thought hard
dialog: enough.
text: McNamara squirms. The others react in frustration. CIA
text: chief JOHN MCCONE, sharp, tough, conservative, is harsh.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: Sometimes there is only one right
dialog: choice, and you thank God when it's
text: clear.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You're talking about a sneak attack!
dialog: How'll that make us look? Big country
text: blasting a little one into the stone
dialog: age. We'll be real favorites around the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: ACHESON
dialog: Bobby, that's naive. This is the real
dialog: world, you know that better than
dialog: anybody. Your argument is ridiculous.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: You weren't so ethically particular when
dialog: we were talking about options for
text: removing Castro over at CIA.
text: And there's nothing Bobby can say to that. He props himself
text: up on the table, stares at it as if there's an answer in its
text: shiny surface somewhere. There is only the reflection of his
dialog: own face.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I can't let my brother go down in
dialog: History like a villain, like a Tojo,
dialog: ordering another Pearl Harbor.
text: McCone, Acheson, and Taylor share a look. The last
text: resistance to airstrikes is crumbling. Finally, Bobby looks
text: up at McNamara.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Bob. If we go ahead with these air
dialog: strikes...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There's got to be something else. Give
dialog: it to me. I don't care how crazy,
dialog: inadequate or stupid it sounds.
dialog: (beat, pleading)
dialog: Give it to me.
text: McNamara suffers under the gaze of everyone at the table,
text: weighing the situation out. And finally he ventures.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Six months ago we gamed out a scenario.
text: It's slow. It doesn't get rid of the
dialog: missiles. There are a lot of drawbacks.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The scenario was for a blockade of Cuba.
scene_heading: SUPER: THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18TH. DAY 3
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - DAY
text: Kenny enters the office from his side door in the middle of a
text: debate. Military uniforms dominate the room: General Taylor,
text: General Sweeney, and a host of briefing officers.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: The situation is worse than we thought.
dialog: We count 40 missiles now, longer range
dialog: IRBMs. They can hit every city in the
dialog: continental U.S.
text: The President stares out the window at the Rose Garden, his
text: back to Air Force Chief of Staff GENERAL CURTIS LEMAY, 60.
text: Beetle-browed, arrogant, the archetypal Cold War general.
dialog: Yet there is something about him, his intelligence perhaps,
text: that suggests he's playing a role he knows and believes in.
text: The only other civilians in the room are Bobby, Bundy and
text: McNamara. The pressure from the military is almost physical.
speaker_heading: LEMAY
dialog: Mr. President, as of this moment my
text: planes are ready to carry out the air
dialog: strikes. All you have to do is give me
dialog: the word, sir, and my boys will get
dialog: those Red bastards.
text: The President continues staring out the window. Kenny eases
text: over to the desk, leans on it, arms folded, interposing
text: himself between the President and the soldiers. Bobby joins
text: him, side-by-side.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: How long until the army is ready?
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: We've just begun the mobilization under
dialog: cover of a pre-arranged exercise, sir.
dialog: We're looking at another week and a
dialog: half, Mr. President.
speaker_heading: LEMAY
dialog: But you can begin the strikes, now. The
dialog: plans call for an eight-day air
dialog: campaign. It'd light a fire under the
dialog: army's ass to get in place.
text: That makes the President turn around, stare at LeMay.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: General LeMay, do you truly believe
dialog: that's our best course of action?
speaker_heading: LEMAY
dialog: Mr. President, I believe it is the only
dialog: course of action. American is in
dialog: danger. Those missiles are a threat to
dialog: our bomber bases and the safety of our
dialog: nuclear deterrent. Without our
dialog: deterrent, there's nothing to keep the
dialog: enemy from choosing general nuclear war.
dialog: It's our duty, our responsibility to the
dialog: American people to take out those
dialog: missiles and return stability to the
text: strategic situation. The Big Red Dog is
dialog: digging in our back yard, and we're
text: justified in shooting him.
text: Taylor steps in softly, smoothly: good cop to LeMay's bad.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: Sir, we have a rapidly closing window of
dialog: opportunity where we can prevent those
text: missiles from ever becoming operational.
dialog: The other options...
text: He spares a look at McNamara, who watches the fireworks, arms
text: folded, serious.
speaker_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: ...do not guarantee the end result we
dialog: can guarantee. However, the more time
dialog: that goes by, the less reliable the
dialog: choice we can offer you becomes.
text: The President, partially defused, looks from Taylor to
text: McNamara. LeMay steps forward, softer now, sincere.
speaker_heading: LEMAY
dialog: Mr. President, the motto I chose for SAC
dialog: is 'Peace is our Profession.' God
dialog: forbid we find ourselves in a nuclear
dialog: exchange. But if launched, those
dialog: missiles in Cuba would kill a lot of
dialog: Americans. That's why I'm being such a
dialog: pain in the ass about destroying them.
dialog: Destroying them immediately. Hell, even
dialog: Mac agrees.
text: Bundy is uncomfortable. Everyone turns to him. He nods.
text: Kenny realizes he's been co-opted by the military. McNamara
text: does too, lets out a deep breath. The President eyes Bundy,
text: then paces out from behind his desk, walks up to LeMay.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: General, what will the Soviets do when
dialog: we attack?
speaker_heading: LEMAY
dialog: Nothing.
text: Kenny, Bobby and the President look at each other, unable to
dialog: believe what they just heard.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Nothing?
speaker_heading: LEMAY
dialog: Nothing. Because the only alternative
dialog: open to them is one they can't choose.
text: His pronouncement hangs there in the air: ominous, dangerous.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Those aren't just missiles we'll be
dialog: destroying. We kill Soviet soldiers,
dialog: and they will respond. How would we
dialog: respond if they killed ours? No, they
dialog: will do something, General, I promise
dialog: you that. And I believe it'll be
dialog: Berlin.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING HALLWAY - DAY
text: LeMay walk out of the Oval Office with Taylor, Carter and
dialog: their staffers.
speaker_heading: LEMAY
dialog: Those goddamn Kennedys are going to
dialog: destroy this country if we don't do
dialog: something about this.
text: There are dark looks on the faces of the other officers.
dialog: They agree.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: As the meeting next door disperses, the President rummages
text: through Kenny's jacket which hangs on Kenny's chair. Kenny,
text: bemused, holds out the package of cigarettes the President is
dialog: looking for.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I was hoping LeMay pushed you. I
dialog: wouldn't mind going a few rounds with
dialog: him.
text: The President glances up, takes the proffered smokes.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: We knew it was coming. I tell you,
dialog: Kenny, these brass hats have one big
dialog: advantage. We do what they want us to,
dialog: none of us will be alive to tell 'em
dialog: they were wrong.
text: Bobby, Rusk and Sorensen enter from the hall.
speaker_heading: SORENSEN
dialog: Mr. President, Gromyko should be on his
dialog: way by now.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: We need to go over what you're going to
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: There's still no sign they know that we
dialog: know about the missiles. Been a lot of
dialog: cloud cover; probably think we aren't
dialog: getting any good product.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: We keep 'em in the dark as long as we
dialog: can. But I sure as hell am going to
dialog: test him.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING HALL - DAY
text: Kenny comes out of the bathroom, and is buttonholed by the
text: crewcut, bullet-headed Press Secretary, PIERRE SALINGER, in
text: the crowded, busy hallway.
speaker_heading: SALINGER
dialog: Kenny, I'm getting funny questions from
text: the guys in the press office. As Press
dialog: Secretary, I need to know. What's going
dialog: on?
text: Kenny wheels back into his office. It's filled with people.
text: But he bends confidentially to Pierre's ear.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: They're planning to shave you bald next
dialog: time you fall asleep on the bus.
dialog: (off Pierre's get-serious look)
dialog: Sorry, Pierre, Gromyko just arrived.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The Press Corps throngs Kenny's tiny office, pushing and
text: shoving for a vantage at the side door to the Oval Office,
text: waiting for the Gromyko photo-op. Kenny stands shoulder-to
text: shoulder with Reston and Sorensen near the door.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: Are they going to discuss the military
dialog: exercises going on in Florida?
text: Kenny doesn't even blink, but Sorensen does a poorer job at
text: hiding his reaction.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Come on, Scotty. This meeting's been on
dialog: the books for months. It's just a
dialog: friendly talk on U.S.-Soviet relations.
text: Fortunately, the conversation is cut short as a dozen
text: FLASHBULBS suddenly go off on a dozen cameras as the
text: reporters crush in on the Oval Office, and Reston is swept
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: KENNY'S POV:
text: over the reporters. The President, unsmiling, enters the
text: room beside Soviet Foreign Minister, ANDREI GROMYKO. Gromyko
text: pauses for the photos: grim, dark haired, saturnine.
speaker_heading: RESUME
text: Kenny reacts. At last, the face of the enemy.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT
text: The CAMERA picks up the darkened windows: the meeting has
text: gone long. The CAMERA MOVES PAST Kenny and Sorensen standing
text: in the doorway to Kenny's office, FINDS the President in his
text: chair across from Gromyko on the sofa. Rusk, Ambassador
text: ANATOLY DOBRINYN, and two INTERPRETERS around them.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: So that there should be no
dialog: misunderstanding, the position of the
dialog: United States, which has been made clear
dialog: by the Attorney General to Ambassador
dialog: Dobrynin here, I shall read a sentence
dialog: from my own statement to the press dated
dialog: September 13th.
dialog: (beat, reading)
dialog: Should missiles or offensive weapons be
dialog: placed in Cuba, it would present the
dialog: gravest threat to U.S. national
dialog: security.
text: The President stares at Gromyko as the translator finishes
text: translating. Gromyko sits there, enigmatic, cold,
text: unreadable. The translator finishes, and Gromyko stops him
text: with a gesture so he can answer in his own accented English.
speaker_heading: GROMYKO
dialog: Mr. President, this will never be done.
dialog: You need not be concerned.
text: The President hides his fury masterfully, and gazing over his
dialog: glasses, asks:
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: So I do not misunderstand you: there are
dialog: no offensive weapons in Cuba.
text: A beat. And Gromyko's response is flat, sure, steady:
speaker_heading: GROMYKO
dialog: No, Mr. President. We have sent
dialog: defensive weapons only to Cuba.
text: Kenny's blazing eyes could drill holes in the back of
text: Gromyko's head. His gaze swings to the PRESIDENT'S DESK.
text: BENEATH THE DESK sit the BRIEFING BOARDS with the evidence.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Kenny emerges from his office. The Soviet delegation
text: disappears down the hallway with Rusk. Kenny turns as Bobby,
text: haggard, comes up from the other direction.
text: Bobby gestures to the vanishing delegation, now being
text: HARANGUED OC by the press.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What happened?
text: The President comes out of the next door down the hall, the
text: Oval Office. He turns and sees Kenny and Bobby. He's livid.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Lying bastard. Lied to my face.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We're split down the middle. If I held
dialog: a vote I think airstrike would beat
dialog: blockade by a vote or two.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I want a consensus, Bobby. Consensus.
dialog: Either air strike or blockade.
dialog: Something everyone'll stand by even if
dialog: they don't like it. I need it by
dialog: Saturday. Make it happen.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What if I can't?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: We go into this split, the Russians will
dialog: know it. And they'll use it against us.
text: The prospect disturbs the three men.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Have you cancelled Chicago and the rest
dialog: of the weekend yet?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: You don't show for Chicago, everyone'll
dialog: know there's something going on.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I don't care. Cancel it.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: No way.
text: The President spins on him, unsure he heard correctly.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm not calling and cancelling on Daly.
dialog: You call and cancel on Daly.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: You're scared to cancel on Daly.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Damn right I'm scared.
text: The President pauses, looks at Bobby. Bobby shakes his head:
dialog: don't look at me.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Well, I'm not.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Then you'll call, right?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - SHERATON-BLACKSTONE HOTEL - NIGHT
scene_heading: SUPER: FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19TH. DAY 4
scene_heading: THEN SUPER: CHICAGO
text: Kenny threads his way through the host of SECRET SERVICE
text: AGENTS and ADVANCE MAN cramming the hallway on the floor of
text: the hotel they've taken over. From one of the rooms emerges
dialog: Salinger.
speaker_heading: SALINGER
dialog: Kenny, all right. What's going on here?
dialog: There's rumors going around an exercise
dialog: in the southeast is related to Cuba.
dialog: I'm the Press Secretary. I can't do my
dialog: job if I don't know what's going on. So
dialog: what's going on?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: What are you telling them?
speaker_heading: SALINGER
dialog: The truth: I don't know.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: (deadly serious)
dialog: Tell 'em you've looked into it, and all
dialog: it is is an exercise. And Pierre --
dialog: (beat, loaded)
dialog: The President may have a cold tomorrow.
text: Kenny stares at him, and the light dawns on Pierre.
text: Something big is going on and he's been cut out of it. He
text: stalks off.
speaker_heading: SALINGER
dialog: Damn it, Kenny. Goddamn it!
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION HALL - SHERATON-BLACKSTONE - NIGHT
text: A big 100-dollar-a-plate dinner is in full swing to a dinner
text: band's tunes. The President and Chicago MAYOR RICHARD DALY
text: make the rounds among the fund raising CROWD. Kenny follows
text: them at a respectful distance, greeting old cronies.
text: Suddenly a MESSENGER hustles over to Kenny, hands him a note.
text: Kenny makes eye contact with the President, nods and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ELEVATORS - NIGHT
text: Kenny waits at the elevator. Scotty saunters up behind him.
text: He sizes Kenny up, clears his throat. Kenny turns around.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: There are major rail disruptions in the
text: South, two airborne divisions are on
dialog: alert. That exercise is an invasion.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Well, you know how Bobby has it in for
dialog: the State of Mississippi.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: This is about Cuba.
text: Kenny freezes, then explodes.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Cuba? You're fucking crazy. We are not
dialog: invading Cuba. Nobody gives a rat's ass
dialog: about Cuba. Not now, not ever.
dialog: If you print something like that, all
dialog: you're going to do is inflame the
dialog: situation. Nobody talks to assholes who
dialog: inflame situations. Assholes like that
text: can find themselves cut out of the loop.
text: Reston is taken aback. Stung silence for a beat. Kenny's
text: response is far louder than any "yes." Now Kenny realizes
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: RESTON
dialog: You've never threatened me before.
text: And Kenny looks away, upset, but when he turns back to
text: Reston, all that's there is his poker face. The elevator
text: arrives.
speaker_heading: RESTON (CONT'D)
dialog: All right. I'm not going to print
dialog: anything until I have another source.
dialog: But I promise you, I'll get one.
text: Kenny boards the elevator. The doors shut on Scotty.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny closes his eyes, sags against the wall, hating himself.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny enters his hotel room. An Assistant waits with the
text: phone, hands it straight to Kenny.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: (to Assistant)
dialog: Tell Pierre I need to talk to him.
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Bobby?
scene_heading: INT. OUTER ROOM - GEORGE BALL'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: EXCOM files past Bobby out of George Ball's conference room.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Bring him back.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE SHERATON-BLACKSTONE HOTEL - DAY
scene_heading: SUPER: SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20TH. DAY 5
text: The President emerges from the hotel, a HAT on his head. The
text: Press and a CROWD surge forward, crying out for the
text: President's attention. Kenny slides into the limo first as
text: the President waves to the crowd.
text: Salinger waits on the sidewalk, and after the limo pulls
text: away, the Press pushes in on him. Pierre's face is pale -
dialog: he's just been told everything.
speaker_heading: SALINGER
text: The President has a cold. He is
dialog: cancelling the remainder of this trip
dialog: and is returning to Washington on the
dialog: advice of his doctor.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE MANSION - OVAL ROOM - DAY
text: The White House Oval ROOM: opulent, filled with priceless art
text: and furniture, but cramped. EXCOM members crowd around the
text: center coffee table and the President. Kenny stands behind
text: him with Bobby. Rusk rises from his seat, formal.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: Mr. President, our deliberations have
dialog: led us to the conclusion that, for the
dialog: moment, a blockade of offensive weapons
dialog: to Cuba is our best option. But we'll
dialog: still need a strong showing of support
dialog: from the Organization of American States
dialog: to give us an umbrella of legitimacy.
text: At long last... Kenny looks at Bobby, relieved. They've
text: bought time to find a settlement. Bobby smiles a small
dialog: smile: what were you so worried about?
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: A blockade is technically an act of war,
dialog: therefore we recommend calling the
dialog: action a quarantine.
text: McNamara folder in hand, opens it, SMASH CUTTING US TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIC OCEAN - DAY
text: A SOVIET FREIGHTER churning its way south.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (V.O.)
dialog: There are between 20 and 30 Soviet ships
text: underway to Cuba at this time.
text: The CAMERA races along its side, discovering TARPULINED
text: OBJECTS on deck, and on its stack, the RED HAMMER AND SICKLE.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: 800 miles out, the navy will stop them,
dialog: board, and any vessels containing
dialog: weapons will be turned back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The Destroyer U.S.S. JOHN R. PIERCE putting out to sea,
text: SAILORS racing over its deck, through hatches to its 5-inch
text: gun turrets. The ship races by, AMERICAN FLAG streaming from
text: its stern distaff, FILLING THE SCREEN, WIPING TO:
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE MANSION - OVAL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The President. He listens, looks over the briefing papers as
text: McNamara continues. Everyone watches the President.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
text: A quarantine prevents more missiles from
text: reaching Cuba, but it doesn't remove the
dialog: ones already there. It gives the
dialog: Soviets a chance to pull back without
dialog: war. If they refuse to remove the
dialog: missiles before they're operational, we
dialog: retain the option to strike or invade.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We believe that a surprise attack would
dialog: be counter to what the United States
dialog: stands for. We believe that an attack
dialog: leaves us no room for maneuver, and the
dialog: inevitable Soviet response will force us
dialog: into a war we do not want. A war that,
dialog: this time, will really end all war.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: Mr. President, there are still those of
dialog: us who believe we should proceed with
dialog: the strikes. With the blockade, we lose
dialog: strategic surprise and we run the risk
dialog: of a first strike if the Soviets decide
dialog: they have to use the missiles or lose
dialog: them.
text: The President gazes from one expectant face to another. But
text: he himself remains unreadable.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Quarantine or air strike.
text: Adlai clears his throat. Everyone looks over at him. He
text: stares down at his clasped hands for a beat. He's anguished
dialog: about what he's going to say.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: There is a third option. With either
dialog: course we undertake the risk of nuclear
dialog: war. It seems to me maybe one of us in
dialog: here should be a coward.
text: He smiles weakly, but gets no response from anyone.
speaker_heading: ADLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: So I guess I'll be. Our third choice is
dialog: to cut a deal. We trade Guantanamo and
dialog: our missiles in Turkey, get them to pull
dialog: their missiles out. We employ a back
dialog: channel, attribute the idea to U Thant.
text: U Thant then raises it at the U.N.
text: Adlai looks for support around the room, but meets only stony
text: gazes. From McCone and General Taylor, contempt. Dead
text: silence for a long, long beat.
text: Kenny's heart goes out to Stevenson as he watches the man
text: commit political suicide. Even Sorensen, standing behind
text: him, unconsciously moves away. At last the President speaks.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I don't think that's possible, Adlai.
dialog: (beat, to the room)
dialog: I will be asking the networks for air
dialog: time Monday night. I have not yet made
dialog: my final decision. We will announce our
dialog: course of action then. I want to thank
dialog: you all for your advice, gentlemen.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUMAN BALCONY - DAY
text: Kenny, Bobby, and the President lean on the railing of the
text: Truman Balcony, stare out at the city.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Goddman Stevenson. Jesus. Peace at any
dialog: price. You'd think nobody learned
dialog: anything from World War Two.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Somebody had to say it. I respect Adlai
dialog: for having the guts to risk looking like
dialog: an appeaser.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We have to pull him. He's not going to
dialog: be able to handle the Soviets in front
text: of the U.N. Zorin will eat him alive.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: We've got bigger problems right now.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: We have to try the blockades. It
dialog: probably won't work. It may just be
dialog: delaying the inevitable. But we can't
dialog: just go to war without trying not to.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I don't know. I don't know.
text: He stares out at the Ellipse where a little-league football
text: game sweeps across the grass, the shouts and screams of the
text: CHILDREN, so alive, floating to them on the wind.
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO - JIM ROWE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A crowded D.C. party spills out of Jim Rowe's house onto his
text: patio. Kenny steps INTO FRAME. He looks at the PARTYGOERS,
text: the Washington social set. He stands out, oppressed by the
text: knowledge he's unable to share. He takes a stiff drink.
text: Suddenly out of the house totters Adlai, highball in hand.
text: Glassy-eyed, he grins at Kenny and joins him.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: Just can't get away from you guys.
dialog: Escaping for a night on the town, eh?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: As the town's most popular playboy, the
dialog: President felt my presence would be
dialog: sorely missed. So in the interests of
dialog: National Security...
text: Kenny shrugs. Adlai takes a long drink, closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: Gotta keep up appearances. Of course, I
dialog: don't care anymore. I'm a political
dialog: dead man. You ever seen a man cut his
dialog: own throat like I did today?
text: Kenny has no answer to that. He looks down, pained for
dialog: Adlai.
speaker_heading: ADLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, it's all right.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I came to tell you, just talked to a
dialog: friend. Reston and Frankel have the
dialog: story. It's going to run tomorrow.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - JIM ROWE'S HOUSE - LATER
text: Kenny, shut in the bedroom, paces on the phone.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: We're not going to make it to Monday.
dialog: I'll try to lean on Reston, but you're
dialog: going to have to call Orville Dryfoos.
dialog: This is the sort of decision the
text: publisher makes himself.
scene_heading: INT. ORVILLE DRYFOOS' KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: New York Times publisher ORVILLE DRYFOOS sits at his kitchen
text: table in his underwear, still half-asleep, phone to his ear.
speaker_heading: DRYFOOS
dialog: Yes, sir, I understand. But we held on
dialog: Bay of Pigs and it was the biggest
dialog: mistake of my life. What makes this any
dialog: different?
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENT'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The President, on the phone, stops pacing by his bedside
text: table and exhales.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I'm asking you to hold the story until I
dialog: can present our course of action on
text: Monday night.
scene_heading: INT. ORVILLE DRYFOOS' KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: DRYFOOS
dialog: All right. But I need a reason to give
dialog: my boys. They're going to be screaming
dialog: for my head on a plate.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENT'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Orville. I want you to tell them this:
dialog: they'll be saving lives. Maybe even
dialog: including their own.
scene_heading: INT. ORVILLE DRYFOOS' KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: At that, Dryfoos sits up. Serious. All resistance gone.
speaker_heading: DRYFOOS
dialog: Yes, Mr. President.
scene_heading: INT. ST. STEPHEN'S CHURCH - DAY
scene_heading: SUPER: SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21ST. DAY 6
text: AVE MARIA soars over the communion meditation at a crowded
text: Sunday mass. Kenny, in a pew, glances off to his left.
text: The President sits nearby, head bowed. But Kenny knows he's
text: not thinking about the mass. And when the President at last
text: lifts his head, Kenny sees the calm poise.
dialog: The President has made up his mind...
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bobby barges into Kenny's office. Kenny, knowing his unique
text: entry, doesn't bother to look up.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Acheson called, DeGaulle's with us;
dialog: haven't heard from anyone else yet.
text: Kenny finally looks up. Bobby's grim. And an icicle forms
text: in Kenny's gut as Bobby relays.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: He wants to talk to LeMay again.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - DAY
text: Kenny, Bobby, McNamara, Rusk, Bundy and half of EXCOM stand
text: to the side of the room. General Sweeney and LeMay stand in
text: front of the President's desk.
text: The President, bowed in the window, is care-worn, a thousand
text: years old. The shadow, the composition of the SHOT tells us
text: all. It's down to what's in the heart of one man. Kenny is
text: deeply moved at his friend's Gethsemane.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Cam, can you guarantee me you'll get all
dialog: the missiles?
text: Sweeney glances at LeMay. LeMay's stern, frozen look wills
dialog: him to say, very simply, "yes."
text: But then the President turns around, looks Sweeney in the
dialog: eye. It would make Machiavelli himself tell the truth.
scene_heading: GENERAL SWEENEY
dialog: Sir, I can guarantee we'll get all the
dialog: missiles we know about.
text: The President holds Sweeney in his gaze. Thank you.
speaker_heading: LEMAY
dialog: Mr. President, we can get better than
dialog: ninety percent of them.
text: The President doesn't respond to LeMay's last-ditch appeal.
dialog: Ninety-percent isn't good enough with nuclear weapons. He
text: moves to his desk, signs a paper, hands it to General
dialog: Sweeney.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
text: As of seven o'clock Monday night, all
dialog: United States armed forces world wide
dialog: will stand up to DEFCON 3.
scene_heading: EXT. BARKSDALE AFB - SUNSET
scene_heading: SUPER: MONDAY, OCTOBER 22ND. DAY 7
text: A DEAFENING WHINE. And INTO FRAME yawns the enormous
text: spinning mouth of a B-52 bomber jet engine. It closes on us,
text: sucking us in like a maelstrom, but at the last second the
scene_heading: CAMERA SLIPSTREAMS OVER IT --
text: -- carrying us over the aircraft's wing. The CAMERA pivots
text: and the vast war machine crawls away underneath joining --
text: -- a long LINE of identical behemoths, in single file inching
text: down a taxi way which vanishes into the distance. As the
text: plane's immense vertical tail WIPES OUR VIEW:
scene_heading: EXT. MISSILE SILO - NIGHT
text: The CAMERA races toward a spotlighted concrete emplacement,
text: over the immense BLAST DOOR which is sliding open, and DOWN --
scene_heading: INT. MISSILE SILO - CONTINUOUS
text: -- into the depths of a missile silo. The CAMERA speeds down
text: the side of the Titan missile, through CLOUDS of steaming
text: liquid hydrogen, past FUELING HOSES which clamp one by one to
text: the rocket's side, past GANTRY ARMS pulling away. The CAMERA
text: hurtles all the way to the bottom, SMASHING THROUGH THE FLOOR
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CARRIBEAN SEA - NIGHT
text: The dark ocean, whitecaps whipping luminous around the
text: aircraft carrier, U.S.S. ESSEX and her escorts. Running
text: lights flash red and green.
text: The carrier's SIREN begins a lonely, eerie WOOP WOOP WOOP
text: WOOP like some immense creature which has lost its mind. The
text: ship FILLS THE SCREEN, CUTTING US INTO:
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING - CONTINUOUS
text: The doors to the Cabinet room. A beat. Then they SWING
text: WIDE. The President emerges, livid fury on his face, leaving
text: chaos behind: the Congressional briefing. Kenny comes out a
text: beat later, catches up with him.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: You'd worry that something was wrong if
dialog: Congress offered you unconditional
dialog: support.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: They want this fucking job, they can
dialog: have it. It's no great joy to me.
text: The President exhales, getting control.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: The elected representatives of the
dialog: people have spoken...
dialog: (beat; determined)
dialog: Now let's tell the people...
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Kenny stands there in the doorway, arms folded. As we PULL
text: AWAY FROM HIM, we REVEAL the three NETWORK T.V. CAMERAS
text: staring straight at us. Their red lights go on as one, and
text: we swing around REVERSING TO:
text: The President at his desk: telegenic, powerful.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Good evening, my fellow citizens. This
dialog: Government, as promised, has maintained
dialog: the closest surveillance of the Soviet
text: military build-up on the island of
dialog: Cuba...
scene_heading: EXT. BARKSDALE AFB - NIGHT
text: The first B-52 trundles to a stop at the end of the runway.
text: It begins to throttle-up, the ROAR of its engine mounting...
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (V.O.)
dialog: ...unmistakable evidence has now
dialog: established the fact that a series of
dialog: missile sites is in preparation on that
dialog: imprisoned island. The purpose of these
dialog: bases can be none other than to proved a
dialog: nuclear strike capability against the
dialog: Western Hemisphere...
text: -- AND DROWNING OUT the President's speech as the plane
text: lurches forward, down the runway into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. MISSILE SILO - NIGHT
text: The Titan solo door GRINDS OPEN. And the missile inside
text: begins to rise into the white bath of the crossed spotlights.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (V.O.)
dialog: Therefore, in the defense of our own
dialog: security and under the authority of the
dialog: Constitution, I have directed that the
dialog: following initial steps be taken.
dialog: First, to halt this offensive build-up,
dialog: a strict quarantine --
scene_heading: EXT. CARRIBEAN SEA - NIGHT
text: The President's words conjure the ESSEX battlegroup, its
text: destroyers plunging through heavy seas, lit up in the night.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (V.O.)
dialog: -- on all offensive military equipment
dialog: under shipment to Cuba is being
dialog: initiated. All ships of any kind bound
dialog: for Cuba, if found to contain cargoes of
dialog: offensive weapons, will be turned back.
dialog: Second: I have directed the continued
dialog: and increased close surveillance of Cuba
dialog: and its military build-up. Should these
dialog: offensive military preparations
dialog: continue, further action will be
dialog: justified --
scene_heading: EXT. OVER THE FLORIDA STRAITS - NIGHT
text: A flight of F-4 PHANTOMS drops INTO FRAME, lights flashing.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (V.O.)
dialog: -- I have directed the Armed Forces to
dialog: prepare for any eventualities.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT
text: A beat. And the President looks up from his notes.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: And third: it shall be the policy of
dialog: this nation to regard any nuclear
dialog: missile launched from Cuba against any
dialog: nation in the Western Hemisphere as an
dialog: attack by the Soviet Union on the United
dialog: States, requiring a full retaliatory
dialog: response upon the Soviet Union...
text: The chilling words hang there in the air. BLEEDING IN: the
text: rising and falling WOOP WOOP WOOP WOOP which becomes --
scene_heading: EXT. CARRIBEAN SEA - NIGHT
text: -- the voice of the Essex battlegroup: sparkling, alive, a
text: constellation of lights scattered across the sea. One by one
text: the escort ships answer the carrier's SIREN with their own
text: wailing cries, an alien chorus among the ships, disappearing
text: and reappearing in the swells. The communication crescendos
dialog: to its fever pitch --
text: -- and then the battlegroup goes to blackout. Like a dying
text: universe, the answering sirens cut off, the life-lights wink
text: out, and an appalling darkness falls across the sea...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
text: BLACKNESS, LIKE BEFORE A CURTAIN RISES. And then a
text: flickering: a FLUORESCENT LIGHT COMES ON.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - WEST WING - DAY
scene_heading: SUPER: TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23RD. DAY 8
text: Kenny, stripped to the waist, Sorensen and Bundy shave in
text: nearby sinks. Bobby barges in.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We're getting the Soviet response.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Specks of shaving cream still on his face, Kenny paces, reads
text: the inky carbon as Bobby, Bundy and Sorensen read copies.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: This is all rhetoric.
dialog: (realizing)
text: They don't know how to respond yet.
text: Kenny looks up. The President enters from the Oval Office.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: So now you're Khurschev. What do you
dialog: do?
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - DAY
text: Kenny, arms folded, stands behind the President, the rest of
text: EXCOM is looking at him.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: -- run the blockade. They'll run the
dialog: blockade.
text: ADMIRAL GEORGE ANDERSON, 50s, dapper, the Chief of Naval
text: Operations, nods from the far end of the table.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
dialog: Which is exactly what they appear to be
dialog: preparing to do, Mr. President. We're
text: tracking 26 ships inbound to Cuba.
text: There's no sign they're changing course.
dialog: The closest ships, the Gagarin and the
dialog: Kimovsk, will make the quarantine line
dialog: by this time tomorrow.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: We're concerned about the possibility of
dialog: an incident with an innocent cargo
dialog: carrier. If it turns ugly, the Russians
dialog: could use an ugly incident and bad world
dialog: opinion as leverage to force us to
dialog: remove the quarantine.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: Or they could use it as an excuse to
text: escalate.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Admiral Anderson, if the ships do not
dialog: stop, what exactly are our rules of
dialog: engagement?
text: Anderson signals A BRIEFING OFFICER who hits the lights and
text: an overhead projector which SMASH CUTS TO:
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGE - U.S.S. JOHN R. PIERCE - DAY
text: The bridge of the U.S.S. John Pierce, a Gearing class
text: destroyer. A RADIO OPERATOR addresses a mike in Russian.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON (V.O.)
dialog: Russian-speakers have been transferred
dialog: to all of our ships. Once the
text: quarantine takes effect in the morning,
dialog: our ships will attempt to make radio
text: contact with the approaching vessels.
dialog: They will be ordered to reduce speed and
dialog: prepare for inspection.
scene_heading: INT. WEAPONS' LOCKER - U.S.S. PIERCE - DAY
text: MARINES in flak jackets grab M-16s off a rack, race by.
scene_heading: EXT. U.S.S. PIERCE - AFT DECK - DAY
text: A ship's boat full of Marines lowers away, hits the water,
text: engine spraying as it launches forward - in dress rehearsal.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON (V.O.)
dialog: An inspection party will then board and
dialog: search the ship. If weapons are found,
dialog: the ship will be ordered to leave the
dialog: quarantine area or be towed into port
dialog: upon refusal.
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - DAY
text: All eyes are on Admiral Anderson's overhead projections.
text: Bobby, restless, gets up, begins pacing.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What happens if the ship doesn't stop
dialog: for inspection or want to be towed?
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
text: A warning shot will be fired across its
dialog: bow.
text: Bobby stops, stares directly at the Admiral.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: And what happens if the ship ignores the
dialog: warning shot?
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
text: Then we fire at its rudder, disable it,
dialog: and carry out the inspection.
text: Kenny looks at the President who remains unmoved, unreadable.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: There will be no shooting without my
dialog: explicit orders. Is that understood?
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: The President glances at McNamara.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Well, Admiral, it looks like it's up to
dialog: the Navy.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
dialog: The Navy won't let you down, sir.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: General, have we developed any more
dialog: information on the missiles?
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: They are continuing to proceed with the
dialog: development. We're commencing low-level
text: photography runs this morning.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: The pictures will be used to firm up our
dialog: estimates of the missiles' readiness and
dialog: develop target packages for strikes
dialog: should you order them.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: Our guy running this show is the best.
dialog: Commander Bill Ecker of the Navy's VFP
dialog: 62, the Fightin' Photo. Something of a
dialog: character, but the highest efficiency
dialog: ratings we've ever had.
text: He pushes Ecker's personnel file across the table, and as the
text: President opens it, on ECKER'S PHOTO, we SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. READY ROOM - KEY WEST NAVAL AIR STATION - DAY
text: The man himself, COMMANDER BILL ECKER, 30s, playing cards,
text: smoking cigars with his wingman, LIEUTENANT BRUCE WILHEMY and
text: the PILOTS of VFP-62, the 'Fightin' Photo.' They lounge,
text: tinker with equipment. Their ready room is filled with pin
dialog: ups, movie posters, and all things photographic.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: 75 millimeter, I'm listening. On the
dialog: big screen there's nothing like it.
text: The other pilots heckle him, but are muted by Taylor.
speaker_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: To protect our pilots, we're prepared to
dialog: retaliate against any SAM site or anti
text: aircraft battery that opens fire.
speaker_heading: WILHEMY
dialog: Watch out, Hollywood. There's a new
dialog: epic director in town!
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - DAY
text: EXCOM listens in sober silence.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: We have a flight of Thunderchiefs able
dialog: to respond within minutes of an attack
dialog: on our planes.
text: Kenny catches the President's eye. Kenny glances at the
dialog: door. Step outside, I need to talk to you.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: The President and Kenny stand in front of the President's
text: desk. All the doors are shut. Weak sunlight filters into
text: the hushed room as if to a confessional.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I don't like what's happening.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: In the morning I'm taking charge of the
text: blockade from the situation room.
dialog: McNamara'll set up shop in the flag plot
dialog: at the Pentagon, keep an eye on things
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: All right. 'Cause you get armed
text: boarders climbing into Soviet ships,
text: shots being fired across bows...
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I know, I know...
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: What about these low-level flights?
dialog: They're starting in what? An hour? Do
dialog: you realize what you're letting yourself
dialog: in for?
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: We need those flights. We have to know
dialog: when those missiles become operational,
dialog: because when they do, we need to destroy
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Fair enough. But Castro's on alert and
dialog: we're flying attack planes over their
text: sites, on the deck. There's no way for
dialog: them to know they're carrying cameras,
dialog: not bombs. They're going to be shot at,
text: plain and simple.
text: Kenny's right, and the President looks away in frustration.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm your political advisor, and I'm
dialog: giving you political analysis here.
dialog: This is a setup. The Chiefs want to go
dialog: in. It's the only way they can redeem
dialog: themselves for the Bay of Pigs. They
dialog: have to go in, and they have to do it
dialog: right. It's that simple.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I'm gonna protect those pilots.
text: Thep President stares intently at Kenny. Kenny glances at
text: the door, his voice hushed. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: They're boxing us in with these rules of
dialog: engagement. If you agree to 'em, and
dialog: one of our planes gets knocked down or
text: one of the ships won't stop for
dialog: inspection, the Chiefs will have us by
dialog: the balls and will force us to start
dialog: shooting. They want a war, and they're
dialog: arranging things to get one. If you
dialog: don't want one, we have to do something
dialog: about it.
text: The President understands. He shakes his head, paces away.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: How does a man get to a place where he
dialog: can say, 'throw those lives away,' so
dialog: easily?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Maybe it's harder for them to say it
dialog: than they let on.
dialog: At the very least, they believe it's in
dialog: our best interest. And at the end of
dialog: the day, they may end up being right.
text: The President turns away, considers. Then turns back.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Triple check everything the Chiefs say
dialog: to us with the guys who actually have to
dialog: do it. No one's to know about this but
dialog: Bobby. I need redundant control over
dialog: what happens out there. And if things
dialog: aren't as advertised, you're going to
dialog: make sure they come out the way I want
dialog: them to come out, starting with this low
dialog: level flight thing.
text: Jesus Christ...Kenny is daunted. For a beat he just stares.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: That's going to be tough. You know how
dialog: these guys are about their chains of
dialog: command...
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Any problems, you remind them those
text: chains of commands end at one place.
dialog: Me.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING HALLS - DAY
text: Kenny and the President head for the Cabinet Room. Rusk
text: comes out before they get there.
speaker_heading: RUSK
text: Mr. President. The OAS meeting starts in
dialog: an hour. I haven't prepared at all. We
dialog: can't expect --
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: -- we need this one, Dean. The
dialog: quarantine's legal if we get a mandate,
dialog: otherwise it's an act of war in the eyes
dialog: of the world. Get me that vote. Make
dialog: it unanimous.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: Mr. President, The Organization of
dialog: American States hasn't had a unanimous
dialog: vote since --
text: The President moves for the Cabinet Room.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: -- unanimous, Dean.
text: Kenny slaps the dismayed Rusk on the back, heads off down a
text: hall away from the Cabinet Room.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE SWITCHBOARD - DAY
text: Kenny opens the door to the White House switchboard room. A
text: half-dozen OPERATORS work their lines, making connections on
text: the old-fashioned switchboard. Unnoticed, he sizes them up,
dialog: their skill. They're all courteous, pretty, professional.
text: The CAMERA PANS down the line... and stops on a middle-aged
text: matron at the end - the sternest, most scary of them all.
text: Her name is MARGARET.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: White House Operator. Yes sir.
dialog: (beat, harsh, booming)
dialog: Speaker McCormack, hold for the Vice
dialog: President.
text: Her voice is so severe, so smoker-gravelled, it makes the
text: blood run cold. This is the woman Kenny's looking for.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Ma'am, would you mind helping me out
dialog: with a few special calls?
scene_heading: INT. READY ROOM - KEY WEST NAS - DAY
text: Ecker, Wilhemy and their Pilots are in angry debate.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Orson Welles is a hack. Now you want to
dialog: talk about a director, you talk about
dialog: David Lean...
speaker_heading: WILHEMY
text: Welles is a G-d. Lean's the hack.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Bullshit, Bruce, nobody but Lean is
dialog: making decent movies these days.
dialog: (to Young Pilot)
dialog: Get that fixed yet?
text: Nearby, a YOUNG PILOT tinkers with a $300,000 spy camera.
speaker_heading: YOUNG PILOT
dialog: Uhhh... yup. Think so.
text: Suddenly, the door opens and a pale DUTY SERGEANT enters.
scene_heading: DUTY SERGEANT
dialog: Sir...telephone, sir.
scene_heading: INT. DUTY OFFICE - DAY
text: Ecker enters, marches over to the phone. All the SOLDIERS in
text: the room stare at him. Ecker wiggles his cigar to a corner
text: of his mouth, picks up, styling.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: VFP-62, Fightin' Photo, here. But what
dialog: we really want to do is direct.
scene_heading: INTERCUT CALL TO:
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE SWITCHBOARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Margaret works her magic.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: This is the White House Operator. Hold
dialog: for the President.
scene_heading: INT. DUTY OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ecker blinks, becomes a mild lamb.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Oh shit.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE SWITCHBOARD - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Honey, you don't know what shit is.
scene_heading: BEGIN INTERCUT
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny, sitting on his desk, taps his fingers, looks at the
text: phone. He's kept Ecker on hold long enough - and picks up.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Commander, my name is Ken O'Donnell.
dialog: Special Assistant to the President.
scene_heading: INTERCUT CALL TO:
scene_heading: INT. DUTY OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ecker exhales. It's not the President, but Ecker is so
dialog: shaken up it might as well be.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: KENNY (O.S.)
dialog: The President has instructed me to pass
dialog: along an order to you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You are not to get shot down.
dialog: Did he hear right?
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Uh... we'll do our best, sir.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I don't think you understand me
dialog: correctly. You are not to get shot down
dialog: under any circumstances. Whatever
dialog: happens up there, you were not shot at.
dialog: Mechanical failures are fine; crashing
dialog: into mountains, fine. But you and your
dialog: men are not to be shot at, fired at,
text: launched upon.
scene_heading: INT. DUTY OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ecker sits down in a chair, sobered.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Excuse me, sir, what's going on here?
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny stands, drops the hard nose bullshit.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Commander, if you are fired upon, the
dialog: President will be forced to attack the
dialog: sites that fire on you. He doesn't want
dialog: to have to do that. It's very important
dialog: that he doesn't, or things could go very
text: badly out of control.
scene_heading: INT. DUTY OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ecker lets out a long breath.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: I think I understand. What about my
dialog: men? If it comes up hot and heavy, and
dialog: we don't have anyone to protect us...
dialog: I'm going to be writing letters to
dialog: parents. I hate writing letters to
dialog: parents.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny nods to himself, feeling. He's done it himself.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: If the President protects you,
dialog: Commander, he may have to do it with the
dialog: Bomb.
scene_heading: INT. DUTY OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Ecker doesn't want to be avenged with atomic weapons. No
dialog: sane person would.
speaker_heading: KENNY (V.O.)
dialog: I've known the man for fifteen years.
dialog: The problem is, he will protect you. So
dialog: I'm asking: don't make him protect you.
dialog: Don't get shot at.
text: Ecker down, deeply affected. Suddenly, A BELL RINGS. A
text: TELETYPE goes off. Ecker knows it's for him. His orders.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Okay, Mr. O'Donnell. We'll do what we
dialog: can.
scene_heading: END INTERCUT.
text: As Ecker hangs up, the Duty Officer rips off the ORDERS,
text: hands them to Ecker, who takes one look, then gazes out the
dialog: window at the runway --
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - KEY WEST NAVAL AIR STATION - DAY
text: A CART speeds down the flight line past the waiting F8U-1P
text: Corsairs. One by one, the four pilots accompanying Ecker and
text: Wilhemy jump off to mount their planes. The cart still
dialog: moving.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Get that fuel assayed?
speaker_heading: WILHEMY
dialog: Yeah. It sucks. Ain't for high
dialog: performance babies like ours. Shoulda
dialog: brought some from home, but what can you
dialog: do? Last-second deployments...
text: Wilhemy jumps off, then they're at Ecker's plane, and he
text: jumps off. Too late to worry about bad fuel now. He hoists
text: himself up and into the cockpit of the sleek navy jet.
scene_heading: INT. ECKER'S CRUSADER - DAY
text: As the canopy closes, Ecker powers up the engines, talks to
text: his flight over the Guard channel.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Okay, time to play Spin the Bottle with
dialog: our bearded buddy. Nobody gets out
dialog: ahead. Remember, just sitting here
dialog: we're only ten minutes from target.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - DAY
text: The Crusaders swing around in pairs at one end of the runway,
text: and then the first two throttle-up, flaps down, and drop
text: their brakes. The machines LUNGE forward like duelling drag
text: racers. The FILL THE SCREEN, blow past.
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL - OVER KEY WEST - DAY
text: The six Crusaders, in pairs, streak over the buildings and
text: streets of Key West. And in a heartbeat, cross the beach and
dialog: are out to sea.
text: And already on the horizon, the low clouds and dark line of
text: land. Cuba. Ninety miles away.
scene_heading: INT. ECKER'S CRUSADER - DAY
text: The ocean shrieks past so close you can see the white foam.
text: Ecker checks the altimeter: 150 FEET.
text: A small fishing boat looms ahead, its net booms reaching up
text: like tree limbs. The Crusader rockets over it.
text: Ecker checks his instruments. OUT THE WINDOW, the other
text: Crusaders thunder over the water, past sailboats, cabin
text: cruisers, the small-craft traffic outside Key West. The
text: speed sucks the breath away.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Go to military throttle on my mark.
dialog: Three...two...one... mark.
text: His airspeed indicator spins up to 400 knots. And then his
text: radio suddenly crackles:
speaker_heading: PILOT #1 (O.S.)
dialog: Flameout flameout!
speaker_heading: PILOT #2 (O.S.)
dialog: Shit! Me too!
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Get some altitude!
text: Two of the Crusaders pull up, away from the water.
speaker_heading: PILOT #1 (O.S.)
dialog: Oh, God damn. Got it restarted.
speaker_heading: PILOT #2 (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah. Yeah. Me too. Goddamn fuel.
speaker_heading: PILOT #1 (O.S.)
dialog: Sir, I don't think she's gonna hold up
dialog: for the run.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Affirmative. You two get out of here.
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL - CRUSADERS - DAY
text: The two planes with bad fuel pull wingovers to their left,
text: head for the airfield in the distance. The four remaining
text: planes streak over the ocean. There are no more small craft
text: this far out in the strait.
scene_heading: INT. ECKER'S CRUSADER - DAY
text: Cuba, green and hazy, looms in the window. Ecker throws a
text: series of switches.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Start your camera checks.
text: A mechanical WHINE accompanies the switch-throwing. Ecker
text: pulls the trigger on his joystick and a THUMP THUMP THUMP
text: hammers away. There are green lights across his boards.
text: One of the other pilots cuts in on the radio:
speaker_heading: PILOT #3 (O.S.)
text: Failure. All cameras. Sonofabitch.
dialog: Film must not have fed.
speaker_heading: PILOT #4 (O.S.)
dialog: Jesus! Shit! Oh shit! I just shot it
text: all, boss. Activator jammed open, its
text: exposing everything now.
speaker_heading: WILHEMY (O.S.)
dialog: That's alright, Lenny, it happens to
dialog: most men at some time --
text: Ecker grimaces, but his voice stays cool.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: -- Scrub, you two. Get out of here.
dialog: Still with me, Bruce?
speaker_heading: WILHEMY (O.S.)
dialog: That's affirm.
text: The two Crusaders who've failed their camera checks break
text: off. And now Cuba's hills, the Havana sky line are right in
text: front of them.
scene_heading: EXT. CUBAN BEACH - CONTINUOUS
text: The last two Crusaders streak over the surf, a white wake of
text: spray in their jetwash, and cross the beach with a boom.
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL - CRUSADERS - CONTINUOUS
text: The planes dip and rise with the green tropical contours,
text: taking us on a sickening roller-coaster ride over Cuban
text: countryside at treetop level.
text: Palm forest, roads, can fields, more palm forest race by.
text: And then, ahead, a large clearing.
speaker_heading: ECKER (O.S.)
dialog: Warm 'em up. We're here.
scene_heading: EXT. ANTI-AIRCRAFT BATTERY - CONTINUOUS
text: Cuban ANTI-AIRCRAFT GUNNERS shout as they traverse their 40mm
text: guns in their sandbagged emplacement. The low rippling
text: thunder of the incoming jets becomes an earsplitting ROAR...
text: and the Crusaders blast out over the clearing. The anti
text: aircraft guns open up.
scene_heading: INT. WILHEMY'S CRUSADER - CONTINUOUS
text: Wilhemy jinks left to avoid a streaking of TRACER FIRE.
speaker_heading: WILHEMY
dialog: Holy shit!
scene_heading: INT. ECKER'S CRUSADER - CONTINUOUS
text: Tracers and flack pepper the air in front of Ecker's
text: Crusader. METAL PINGS, TINKS, RATTLES off the fuselage.
text: Anti-aircraft and small arms fire comes up from all over,
text: hitting the planes multiple times. He surveys the shapes in
text: the target zone dead ahead.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Lights.
text: And sees the long, canvas-covered objects on the ground. The
text: missiles. They draw closer.
speaker_heading: ECKER (CONT'D)
dialog: Camera.
text: A steel fragment CRACKS his window, obscuring our view.
speaker_heading: ECKER (CONT'D)
dialog: Action.
text: And he thumbs the CAMERA SWITCH. All twelve B-system cameras
text: begin banging away like cannons.
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL - CRUSADERS - DAY
text: TRACERS lace the air between the two planes as they blast
text: over the missile site. Over trailers. Over tents. Over
text: trucks. Over trenches. Over bulldozers.
text: And then they're out over forest again. It's all over in
text: seconds. The triple-A stops. In unison, the two planes bank
text: right, heading for the distant blue, blue sea.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Kenny paces by the phone. It rings. He picks up, listens,
text: reacts. Relief. And we know the planes have made it back.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - CECIL FIELD, FLA. - DAY
text: Ecker jumps down from the cockpit ladder and turns an eye to
text: his battered, pock-marked plane. Wilhemy and the GROUND CREW
text: CHIEF come running up, the Chief letting out a whistle.
scene_heading: GROUND CREW CHIEF
dialog: Lookit what daddy done brung home.
speaker_heading: WILHEMY
dialog: You shoulda seen it, Chief, they --
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: -- damn sparrows. Must've been
dialog: migrating. Guess I hit a couple
dialog: hundred.
dialog: (to Wilhemy, stern)
dialog: How many did you hit, Bruce?
text: Wilhemy stands there, looking at Ecker, not sure what to make
text: of him. The Crew Chief just starts laughing as more
text: impressed GROUND CREW come up.
speaker_heading: WILHEMY
dialog: A few. I guess.
scene_heading: GROUND CREW CHIEF
dialog: Was them 20 or 40 million sparrows?
text: Ecker, sweat-plastered and foul, steps into the Chief's face.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Those are bird strikes. Sparrows to be
dialog: precise. Got a problem with that?
text: The Chief stands there, glances at the plane one more time,
text: and shakes his head, 'No.' Ecker takes the Chief's
text: maintenance clipboard from him, writes in big bold marker:
text: BIRD STRIKES. He thrusts it back into the Chief's hands and
text: walks off; the astonished Wilhemy remains behind.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: In Kenny's credenza, a small black and white T.V. plays.
text: WALTER CRONKITE narrates on the television as a train laden
text: with TANKS on flatbeds pulls out of a station.
speaker_heading: WALTER CRONKITE (V.O.)
text: Massive military preparations are
text: underway throughout the southeast in
dialog: what Pentagon officials are confirming
dialog: is the largest mobilization since Korea.
dialog: The railways have been nationalized to
dialog: assist in the deployment, here
dialog: transporting elements of the U.S. 1st
text: Armored Division from Ft. Hood, Texas.
text: A PHONE RINGS. Kenny turns from the T.V., turns down Walter
text: Cronkite, as he answers.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Yeah?
scene_heading: INT. OAS MEETING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: George Ball stands at the back of a crowded room filled with
text: applauding OAS DELEGATES. It's for Rusk, at a podium up
dialog: front.
speaker_heading: BALL
text: Kenny. The vote just came down.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - DAY
text: Kenny opens his door, lets Rusk in. The President, Bobby and
text: half of EXCOM look up. Rusk stands there somber.
speaker_heading: RUSK
text: Unanimous. One abstenation.
text: And then he breaks into a huge grin. Everyone cheers him.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: About time something went our way.
text: An Assistant enters behind Kenny. Kenny senses him, turns as
text: the others move to shake hands with Rusk.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Telephone, Mr. O'Donnell.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Kenny, grinning, ducks back into his office, closes the door
text: after the Assistant leaves. He picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INTERCUT CALL TO:
scene_heading: INT. READY ROOM - CECIL FIELD - DAY
text: Ecker stands at a phone, stares out a window at a replacement
text: plane being fueled. A Crusader, not his shot-up one.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Mr. O'Donnell, I've been ordered to
dialog: deliver the film to the Pentagon
dialog: personally. What's going on?
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny thinks fast. Oh shit.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: The Chiefs must want to talk to you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Listen to me, Commander, they'll want to
dialog: know if you were fired on. Were you?
speaker_heading: ECKER (O.S.)
dialog: You could say that, sir.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Commander. Do not, under any
dialog: circumstances, tell the Chiefs.
speaker_heading: END INTERCUT
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON - DAY
scene_heading: SUPER: E-RING. Then SUPER: THE PENTAGON
text: Ecker, still in his sweat-drenched flight suit approaches a
text: security checkpoint. GUARDS secure his sidearm and user him
text: through a doorway. A sign over it reads JCS.
scene_heading: INT. THE TANK - DAY
text: The door swings open into the Joint Chiefs' SOUND-PROOFED
text: briefing room known as THE TANK. LeMay, Taylor and Anderson
text: sit there around the table. Ecker salutes.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Commander William B. Ecker reporting as
dialog: ordered!
text: LeMay rises, prowls over to Ecker.
speaker_heading: LEMAY
dialog: Son , I want to know just one thing.
dialog: Those bastards shoot so much as a BB gun
dialog: at you?
text: A long beat. Sweat runs off Ecker's head. He can smell
text: LeMay's breath.
speaker_heading: ECKER
dialog: Sir, it was a milk run, sir.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING HALL - NIGHT
text: Kenny joins the President and General Taylor in the hallway
text: as they head for the Oval Office.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: It appears our low-level flights are
dialog: getting back okay. Some unconfirmed
text: reports of small-arms fire from some of
dialog: the missions, but that's it.
text: Slightly behind them, Kenny looks sidelong at Taylor.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Guess we can't blame Khruschev for a few
dialog: patriotic farmers. And the ships?
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
text: Still heading for Cuba.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: All right. Then I guess it's time.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT
text: FLASHBULBS go off all around the room as the President walks
text: in, goes over to his desk. Reporters observe silently, T.V.
text: cameras track him; Kenny, Bobby and Sorensen watch as the
text: President sits, takes a pen form his pocket.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: In accordance with this afternoon's vote
dialog: at the OAS, the quarantine shall hereby
dialog: be effective as of ten o'clock tomorrow
dialog: morning.
text: Kenny observes in silence as the President SIGNS the
dialog: Proclamation of Interdiction.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - LATER
text: The Oval Office has emptied out. Only Kenny, Bobby, Sorensen
text: and the President remain. The President looks out the
text: window, Sorensen sits in a chair in front of the desk. Bobby
text: and Kenny sit on the edge of the desk.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Last summer I read a book. The Guns of
dialog: August. I wish every man on that
dialog: blockade line had read that book.
text: The President moves over to the GLOBE by his desk, spins it,
text: stopping in on Europe.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: World War One. Thirteen million killed
dialog: all because the militaries of both
dialog: alliances were so highly attuned to each
dialog: other's movements and dispositions,
dialog: afraid of letting the other guy have a
dialog: theoretical advantage. And your man in
dialog: the field, his family at home, couldn't
dialog: even tell you the reasons why their
dialog: lives were being sacrificed.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why couldn't they stop it?
text: Can we? The President's fingers turn the globe. It stops on
text: North America. Kenny and Bobby listen.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: And here we are, fifty years later. One
text: of their ships resists the inspection.
text: We shoot out its rudder and board. They
dialog: shoot down our planes in response. We
dialog: bomb their anti-aircraft sites in
text: response to that. They attack Berlin.
dialog: We invade Cuba. They fire their
dialog: missiles. We fire ours.
text: The President sets the globe gently spinning and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Kenny rubs his eyes, listens to his phone and the WOMAN'S
text: VOICE at the other end. It's his wife.
speaker_heading: HELEN (O.S.)
dialog: When are you going to be home?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I don't know, Helen. I want you to keep
dialog: the kids close tomorrow. Leave the T.V.
dialog: on, sleep with it on in the bedroom
dialog: until I tell you you can turn it off.
speaker_heading: HELEN (O.S.)
dialog: What's happened?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Nothing. Nothing you don't know about.
dialog: Tomorrow's the big day. Just have the
dialog: car ready to go if I call or if the
text: Civil Defense Warning comes on.
speaker_heading: HELEN (O.S.)
dialog: What happens to you? I'm not leaving
dialog: without you.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I'll be evacuated with the President.
text: A long silence on the other end of the line.
speaker_heading: HELEN (O.S.)
dialog: Great. So while you're under a rock
dialog: somewhere with the President, what am I
dialog: supposed to do with your five children?
text: And to that, there is no answer. A beat, and it's all Kenny
dialog: can promise:
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I'll find you. But we're not going to
dialog: let it come to that. I promise.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE CAFETERIA - NIGHT
text: Kenny hands Bobby and Bundy cups of coffee. The three men
text: nurse them in the silence of the abandoned cafeteria.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Helen just asked me what sort of
dialog: arrangements we have for the families.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: I just checked myself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They're being issued identity cards.
text: Call comes, and evacuation officers meet
text: them at pre-arranged departure areas.
text: They go by helicopter to Mount Weather.
dialog: We meet them there.
text: Bobby looks at his coffee, then up at Kenny. He gently
text: shakes his head. It's all a sham.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Course that's for morale. The missiles
dialog: only take five minutes to get here.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - NIGHT
scene_heading: SUPER: WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24TH. DAY 9.
text: Kenny bolts upright from his couch. He rubs his face, sits
text: on the edge in the dark for a beat. He's not going back to
text: sleep. He grabs his trousers.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING HALLS - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny makes his way through the dim, deserted halls.
text: Somewhere in the distance a phone rings. He reaches a door.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Kenny, bundled in an overcoat, steps outside the North
text: Entrance. The cool air invigorates him. He eyes the fence,
text: Pennsylvania Avenue beyond it, seeming to isolate this world
text: from the living city beyond. He starts for the main gate.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN GATE - CONTINUOUS
text: A WHITE HOUSE POLICE OFFICER jumps up as Kenny approaches.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Would you like me to call a car, Mr.
dialog: O'Donnell.
text: Kenny checks his watch.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: How long will it take to get someone up?
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Fifteen minutes, maybe. To your house,
dialog: sir?
text: Kenny considers, shakes his head. He wants to go home,
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: No. No, I'll let her sleep. Let 'em
dialog: sleep.
text: Kenny says it with a certain finality. The Police Officer
text: nods, and Kenny wanders out through the gates, shouldering
text: the weight of the world.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - NIGHT
text: Kenny makes his way down a sidewalk not far from the White
text: House. A 24-hour drug store's doors are open. He pauses.
text: Inside, a knot of PEOPLE - late-night deliverymen, a cop, the
text: store employees - talk in undertones at the counter. Behind
text: it, a T.V. is signing off with the national anthem. Sober
text: voices, sober looks. Kenny moves on.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWS STAND - NIGHT
text: A cluster of COLLEGE STUDENTS talk at a news stand. They're
text: waiting for the NEWSIE to cut the bands of the next day's
text: Washington Post, the bundles just being thrown to the
text: sidewalk from the delivery truck. Kenny approaches.
text: In their thing beards, counter-culture clothes, the kids seem
text: so young, Kenny so old. Kenny buys a newspaper, its dire
text: headlines, every story about the crisis.
scene_heading: EXT. CATHOLIC CHURCH - NIGHT
text: Kenny, newspaper under his arm, continues down the street.
text: Up ahead, the lights are on in a Catholic Church. Lines of
text: CHURCHGOERS are at the door. Kenny stops, surprised at the
text: sight this late. And then he sees the hand-painted banner:
scene_heading: CONFESSIONS 24 HOURS. PRAY FOR PEACE.
text: Kenny is moved. He glances over his shoulder, and then...
text: joins the line himself.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - SITUATION ROOM - DAY
text: Kenny's WATCH reads one minute til ten o'clock. PULL BACK TO
speaker_heading: REVEAL:
text: Kenny, standing just inside the open doors to the White House
text: Situation Room, a state-of-the-art conference room. A long,
text: central table surrounded by leather chairs with phones and
text: screens built in. T.V. monitors hang from the ceilings in
text: the corners. There are no windows, just oppressive bunker
text: like walls. It's far underground.
text: Across the room the President paces, phone in hand. Half of
text: EXCOM is in their seats. The other half, along with a steady
text: stream of DUTY OFFICERS, are coming and going. Kenny steps
text: aside for a Duty Officer, listens to the President.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Okay, Bob, I'm putting you on intercom.
text: Suddenly, McNamara's VOICE fills the room.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, guys, can you hear me?
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FLAG PLOT - THE PENTAGON - DAY
text: McNamara stands, phone in hand.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: I have one minute til ten here --
text: THE CAMERA TRACKS AROUND HIM, REVEALING:
text: A large, elaborate war room, like Mission Control. Big
text: screens, plexiglass tracking boards, tiered banks of
text: communications equipment. A massive LIGHT TABLE on the floor
text: at the center of the room projects a map of the Caribbean and
text: Atlantic. Arcing across it is a RED LINE: the blockade.
text: The map is covered with cryptic military notations; WATCH
text: OFFICERS on a platform which swings out over it update the
dialog: latest ship positions.
text: McNamara's in a booth overlooking the room. It's open to the
text: next tier below where Admiral Anderson is giving orders.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (CONT'D)
text: -- and no sign of them stopping.
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - DAY
text: Kenny and Bobby move to the President's end of the table, sit
text: down across from each other in mirror-image fashion. EXCOM
text: looks to the President. The second hand of the clock on the
text: wall wheels past 12. A hush falls over the room.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
text: Bob, the quarantine is now in effect.
scene_heading: INT. FLAG PLOT - DAY
text: McNamara is mute for a beat. He turns to view the big room.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Then it looks like our first customers
dialog: are the Gagarin and Kimovsk.
text: He nods to Admiral Anderson, who calls an order down to a
text: Watch Officer on the floor, and on screens all around the
text: room, a sector of the map MAGNIFIES the unfolding encounter --
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE WING - U.S.S. PIERCE - DAY
text: -- between the destroyer, U.S.S. Pierce and the SOVIET
text: FREIGHTERS Gagarin and Kimovsk. The Pierce's bridge wings
text: are crammed with helmeted OFFICERS and LOOKOUTS. They peer
text: through binoculars at the distant ships, plowing ahead,
text: straight for them. The CAPTAIN lowers his binoculars,
dialog: determined.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
text: Helm, shape heading for intercept, zero
dialog: one zero. All ahead full --
speaker_heading: OFFICER (O.S.)
dialog: -- new contact! New contact!
text: Everyone whirls to the bridge. The Captain steps forward.
scene_heading: INT. COMBAT INFORMATION CENTER - U.S.S. PIERCE - DAY
text: The Captain ducks into the CIC. The CHIEF SONARAN reports.
speaker_heading: CHIEF SONARMAN
dialog: Submerged contact, designation Sierra
text: one at 6000 yards bearing 030.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: A submarine...
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - DAY
text: The President reacts. Kenny and Bobby react.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
text: It's protecting the freighters.
text: Consternation. The President picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Bob, is there any way we can avoid
dialog: stopping a submarine first?
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (O.S.)
dialog: I'm afraid not, Mr. President. The sub
dialog: has positioned itself between the Pierce
dialog: and the Soviet ships. Admiral Anderson
dialog: insists it's too much of a risk to
text: proceed with stopping the freighters.
dialog: The Pierce would be a sitting duck for
dialog: the sub.
text: All around the room frustration. Bobby shakes his head.
text: Kenny sinks back in his chair. The President hesitates.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Put me through to the Pierce.
scene_heading: INT. FLAG PLOT - DAY
text: Admiral Anderson nods to a COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER. The man
text: makes the connection on a switchboard.
text: McNamara casts an eye to the map. The two red MARKERS
text: labeled Gagarin and Kimovsk are joined by a third: the SUB.
text: They are ALMOST TOUCHING the blockade line. On the other
text: side, the single blue marker for the Pierce.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGE - U.S.S. PIERCE - DAY
text: The Captain enters the bridge, takes the phone from the arm
text: of his chair.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Mr. President?
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The President holds the phone, agonized.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Captain, can you force that submarine to
dialog: the surface for inspection without
dialog: damaging it yourself?
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGE, U.S.S. PIERCE - DAY
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I can bring it up, Mr. President. But
dialog: whether it's damaged or not is up to the
dialog: sub.
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The President lowers the phone, looks to Bobby and Kenny.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: Even if they force it up, that sub will
dialog: be inspected over the crews' dead
dialog: bodies. They'd be executed for allowing
dialog: it when they got home.
text: All eyes are on the President. His eyes are closed tight,
text: face gray, hand over his mouth. The time of decision is at
text: hand. He lifts the phone once again.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
text: Captain, force the sub to the surface
dialog: for inspection.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. President! We're receiving reports
dialog: that the ships are stopping!
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Captain, belay that order!
dialog: (to McNamara)
dialog: Bob, where's that coming from!
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (O.S.)
text: Just a second, Mr. President.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Will somebody find out what's going on?!
text: McCone jumps up, leaves the room. The President looks at
text: Kenny, tense. Everyone holds their breath.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: Are they stopping?
text: The HISS of static on the open line fills the room. Silence.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - U.S.S. JOHN R. PIERCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Lookouts peer across the water at the oncoming Soviet
text: Freighter.
speaker_heading: BINOCULAR POV:
text: Of the Soviet Bridge, where their LOOKOUTS are staring right
text: back through their binoculars.
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - DAY
text: The HISS of static. And then.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. President?
scene_heading: INT. FLAG PLOT - THE PENTAGON - CONTINUOUS
text: McNamara is grinning wildly at the chaos unfolding in the
text: flag plot below. Phones are ringing everywhere.
text: ON THE LIGHT TABLE
text: The Watch Officers' hands fly from one notation to the other,
text: circling the Soviet ships, marking them DEAD IN THE WATER.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: -- we've got reports coming from all
dialog: over! The ships are stopping! Some...
dialog: are turning around!
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The room EXPLODES, victorious. Kenny and Bobby break into
text: big grins, grab each other. Kenny pumps the President's
text: hand. Rusk and Bundy slap each other on the back.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: We were eyeball to eyeball and I think
text: the other fellow just blinked.
text: The ruckus goes on for a minute. McCone comes back in.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: Mr. President.
text: His voice is lost in the celebration. McCone calls out:
speaker_heading: MCCONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. President!
text: The hubub dies away.
speaker_heading: MCCONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir, we have the tally from NSA. We
dialog: have twenty ships stopping and or
text: turning around. Six, however, appear to
dialog: be continuing for the line. Including
dialog: the Gagarin and Kimovsk.
text: The elation goes out of the room. Kenny looks at the
text: President. The President picks up the phone again.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Captain, have the ships you're observing
dialog: changed course?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN (O.S.)
dialog: No, Mr. President. They've just crossed
text: the quarantine line.
text: Bobby grips the edge of the table, immediately believing.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: It's an accident. They must not have
dialog: gotten their orders yet. Let 'em go.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: Unlikely, Mr. President. We've been
dialog: monitoring transmissions from both the
text: Gagarin and Kimovsk. Their radios are
dialog: working fine.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: One ship, an accident maybe. Six: this
dialog: is intentional.
text: The President looks to Bobby. He has no answer. Kenny's
text: mind races over the variables, and he leans forward, intense,
text: suddenly understanding in a flash of insight:
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: They're right. This is intentional.
text: He glances around the room. All of EXCOM is looking at him.
text: Bobby stares at Kenny, too shocked to feel betrayed.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Khruschev's stopped the 20 ships which
text: are carrying contraband, and he's
dialog: letting the ones which aren't go
dialog: through, hoping for an incident. I
dialog: think we should let them go.
text: Bobby relaxes. Around the table there are nods.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: If we do, it erodes the credibility of
dialog: the quarantine. He'll just send more
dialog: through tomorrow.
text: The President looks at Kenny.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Then we deal with it tomorrow. But
dialog: today he's stopped most of them. He's
dialog: done something smart here. We gave him
dialog: an ultimatum, and he's agreed to most of
dialog: it, preserving just enough room to save
dialog: face. We need to do something just as
dialog: smart now.
text: Bobby's nodding, following the argument. Kenny looks around
dialog: the room for support.
scene_heading: INT. FLAG PLOT - THE PENTAGON - CONTINUOUS
text: McNamara, pacing on the phone, jumps in.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Mr. President, I agree. Let them go.
text: Four of the six continuing ships are
dialog: still a day away from the line. They've
dialog: stopped all the ones we suspect have
text: weapons aboard.
dialog: It would look bad shooting up a
text: freighter full of baby food.
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The President holds Kenny's gaze, then lifts the phone.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Captain, I want you to maintain contact
dialog: with those ships. Do nothing until I
dialog: order otherwise. Is that clear?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN (O.S.)
dialog: Yes, Mr. President. Contact only.
text: He hangs up, turns to Kenny.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I hope you're right.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH LAWN - DAY
text: Kenny, Bobby and the President make their way across the
text: lawn, out of earshot of the building.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What happened to speak when spoken to?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Give it a rest. You were thinking the
dialog: same thing, just didn't have the guts to
dialog: take the heat.
text: Bobby likes getting under Kenny's skin. Bobby aims a punch
text: at his head which Kenny knocks away. The President changes
text: gear, serious.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: We can horsetrade with Khruschev on
dialog: ships. But it doesn't get us any closer
dialog: to removing those missiles.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Have to hope it's a signal that he'll
text: back down on the real issue too.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We're going to have to stop a ship
dialog: eventually, show the quarantine's got
dialog: teeth, or we'll prove McCone right.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: McNamara's on his way back here now. We
dialog: need to pick the right ship. No subs.
dialog: No armed boarding parties either. We
dialog: need a little more time to figure this
dialog: one out.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Then let's move the quarantine line.
text: It's a simple suggestion. The President considers him a
text: beat, and then McNamara emerges from the White House, heads
text: for them. The three friends assume their more reserved,
text: political faces as he comes up.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Mr. President. Bobby. Kenny. The
dialog: Essex battle group has the Gagarin,
text: Kimovsk and the sub escort under their
dialog: thumb. We've got a few hours now before
dialog: we need to worry about any more
text: flashpoints on the line.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We could use a few more hours. I think
dialog: we should consider moving the quarantine
text: line back to 500 miles.
text: Bobby and the President look at Kenny like he's some kind of
text: Svengali. Kenny just stands there, poker faced.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING - DAY
text: Kenny and McNamara enter the White House from the South Lawn.
text: They stride down the hall, side by side.
speaker_heading: KENNY
text: Moving the line. Stroke of genius.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: (snappish)
dialog: Of course it is. But the President
dialog: needs to realize we're going to have to
text: stop a ship eventually.
text: They turn a corner, silence for a beat.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: The Chiefs are looking for a provocation
dialog: out there. The President's going to
dialog: come under enormous pressure. You have
dialog: to keep 'em on a short leash, Bob.
text: McNamara spares Kenny a short, nasty look.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: You must think I'm blind and stupid.
dialog: I've already gotten the birds and bees
dialog: from Bobby. The President doesn't have
dialog: to double-barrel me.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Listen to me, goddamn it. We're talking
dialog: about a possible nuclear war. You
dialog: dropped the ball on Bay of Pigs --
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: -- you sonofabitch, goddamn it, I didn't
dialog: drop --
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: You were in the room. It was your
dialog: purview. It was your job to make sure
dialog: Bissel wasn't fucking us over and you
dialog: didn't do it. You've got the most
dialog: important job in the world right now.
dialog: You're the smartest guy the President
dialog: has.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Besides me.
text: That gets an amused snort from McNamara, breaking the
dialog: tension.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Anybody ever tell you you're an
dialog: egomaniac and a prick, O'Donnell?
text: Kenny stares him in the eye, serious, hushed. A friend.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: You need to be the best you've ever
dialog: been.
text: McNamara enters the elevator. He turns, stands there facing
text: Kenny for a dramatic beat. Then the doors close.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: WALTER CRONKITE, on the B&amp;W T.V. screen, sits in front of a
text: map showing Cuba and the blockade line.
speaker_heading: WALTER CRONKITE (V.O.)
dialog: -- well, it appears the world has just
dialog: received a reprieve. Defense Secretary
dialog: Robert McNamara has announced that the
dialog: quarantine zone has been moved from 800
dialog: to 500 miles.
scene_heading: PULL BACK, REVEALING:
text: Kenny watching the T.V., is yelling at the phone.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Find out how close our exercises are
dialog: coming to their cruise missiles. I'm
dialog: calling you back in five, and you will
dialog: have an answer for me or I will come
dialog: down there and beat the shit out of you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Then you can press charges, and I'll get
dialog: a Presidential pardon.
text: He hangs up, hears SHOUTING from the Oval Office. He goes to
text: the door, enters --
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: -- and sees the President leaning over his desk, jabbing his
text: finger at General Taylor.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: -- how the goddamn hell did this happen?
dialog: I'm going to have Power's head on a
text: platter next to LeMay's!
dialog: (noticing Kenny)
dialog: Hey, Kenny, did you hear me give the
dialog: order to go to DEFCON 2? I remember
text: giving the order to go to DEFCON 3, but
dialog: I must be suffering from amnesia because
dialog: I've just been informed our nuclear
dialog: forces are DEFCON 2!
text: Kenny realizes he's not joking as he spots Bobby sitting on
text: the couch behind Taylor, pale as a ghost. Taylor, embattled,
text: wants to die, but stands there like a man.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MISSILE SILO - DAY
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: The nose cone of a TITAN MISSILE, its 20 megaton nuclear
text: warhead wrapped in the steel re-entry shell. Cold, silent,
dialog: fearsome.
speaker_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Mr. President, the orders were limited
dialog: to our strategic forces in the
dialog: continental U.S.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Taylor continues on.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: Technically, General LeMay is correct
dialog: that SAC has the statutory authority --
text: The President punches his desk.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: -- I have the authority. I am the
dialog: commander-in-chief of the United States,
dialog: and I say when we go to war!
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: We are not at war, sir, not until we're
speaker_heading: at DEFCON 1.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: General, the Joint Chiefs have just
dialog: signalled our intent to escalate to the
dialog: Soviets. You have signalled an
dialog: escalation which I had no wish to
dialog: signal, and which I did not approve.
dialog: But Taylor knows this very well. And the way he's suffering,
text: it's clear he's taking the heat for his underlings. From
text: over on the couch Bobby chimes in:
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: LeMay... he's history.
text: The President glances at Kenny who stands there, speechless.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Get out of here, Max.
text: The General leaves. Kenny closes the door, wanders deeper
text: into the office. He looks from the President to Bobby.
text: There's a long, long beat of shocked silence.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Rescind the order. Can all the Chiefs.
dialog: Put Nitze, Gilpatric and the
dialog: Undersecretaries in charge.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: We can't do that, Bobby.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: He's right, we can't rescind DEFCON 2.
dialog: The Soviets will think we've gotten
dialog: sweet on them.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: And we can't purge the Chiefs. Our
dialog: invasion talk will look like a bluff.
dialog: Or even that there's been an attempted
dialog: coup.
text: Bobby is disgusted, but knows they're right.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: McNamara won't be able to handle them.
dialog: It's too much for one man...
dialog: (knowing look to Kenny)
dialog: ...with all due respect to our heroic
dialog: fifth column.
text: The President collapses in his rocking chair. Kenny leans
text: over the back of the sofa next to Bobby.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: We've got Khruschev's attention with the
dialog: blockade. If we want a political
dialog: solution. I think it's time to turn up
dialog: the diplomatic heat. Cause if we let
dialog: this go on too long, we're going to find
dialog: ourselves in a war.
text: Bobby looks at the President, meaningful. The President
text: turns to Kenny.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I've been considering a variation on one
dialog: of Stevenson's ideas. We're going to
text: send up a trial balloon through Lippman.
dialog: The Jupiter missiles.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST WING DRIVEWAY - DAY
scene_heading: SUPER: THURSDAY, OCTOBER 25TH. DAY 10.
text: The West Wing looms behind Kenny and Bundy. Kenny, poker
text: faced, takes a drag on his cigarette. Bundy nervously flicks
text: his, looks away from Kenny a beat.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: What did you think of Lippman's column
dialog: this morning?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I think it's a bad idea.
text: Bundy turns back to him.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: Thank God. Look, everyone is furious
dialog: about it. We trade away our missiles in
dialog: Turkey and we're fucked politically.
text: Kenny grinds his jaw, but doesn't say anything. He agrees.
text: Bundy steps up to him, confiding.
speaker_heading: BUNDY (CONT'D)
dialog: You gotta stop 'em. We know it's Jack
dialog: and Bobby's idea - they leaked it to
text: Lippman. The military guys are going
dialog: ape, and they're not alone.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Then they should speak up.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: Christ, Ken, you know it's not that
dialog: easy.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Yes it is.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: No it isn't. They don't trust the
dialog: people that feel this way. But these
dialog: people are right. And the Kennedys are
dialog: wrong.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We need you to tell 'em, Kenny. They'll
dialog: listen to you.
text: Kenny prickles, intense, but Bundy presses on, too wrapped up
text: in his own thinking to notice.
speaker_heading: BUNDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Jack and Bobby are good men. But it
dialog: takes a certain character, moral
dialog: toughness to stand up to --
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: -- You listen to me. Nobody, nobody,
dialog: talks about my friends that way. You're
dialog: fucking here right now because of the
dialog: Kennedys. They may be wrong. They make
dialog: mistakes. But they're not weak.
dialog: The weak ones are these 'people' who
dialog: can't speak their own minds.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: You know I don't mean they're weak.
text: Kenny gets in his face, intimidating.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: No, they just lack 'moral toughness.'
dialog: And you think I'll play your Judas. You
dialog: WASPS and blue-bloods never understood
dialog: us, thinking we want into your club.
dialog: Well we got our own club now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And you guys don't realize fighting with
dialog: each other is our way. Nobody plays us
dialog: off each other. And nobody ever gets
dialog: between us...
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENT'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Kenny throws himself on a chair in the bedroom's sitting
text: area, newspaper in hand. The President, buttoning his shirt
text: in a full-length mirror, sees him. There's a TV on. The
text: President selects a tie from a nearby rack, eyes the paper.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Oh, just a bunch of crap about
dialog: withdrawing our Jupiter missiles in
dialog: Turkey if the Soviets'll do the same in
dialog: Cuba.
text: The President's eyes flick over to him in the mirror.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I don't want to listen to this again.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: If we made a trade, we'd be giving in to
dialog: extortion, and NATO would never trust us
dialog: again. We'll get clobbered in world
dialog: opinion.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: It's a goddman trial balloon. Trial is
dialog: the operative word, here.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Then somebody'd better deny it publicly.
text: The President turns around, heads over to the T.V. Kenny
text: folds his arms, disgusted.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Jesus Christ, O'Donnell, you're the one
dialog: saying we need to move forward on a
dialog: political solution.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Yeah, a good political solution.
dialog: ON THE T.V.
dialog: Live coverage of the United Nations Security Council
text: meetings. Holding forth in Russian is VALERIAN ZORIN, 50s,
dialog: tough, likeable, the Soviet Ambassador to the U.N. and
text: chairman of the Security Council. A translator relays the
dialog: meaning.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR FOR ZORIN (O.S.)
dialog: We call on the world to condemn the
dialog: piratical actions of America...
speaker_heading: RESUME
text: The President's jaw tightens. He turns to Kenny.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: You want to turn up the heat? You call
dialog: Adlai. Tell him to stick it to Zorin.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Kenny, phone to his ear, suffers as Bobby harangues him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Adlai's too weak! We have to convince
text: Jack to pull him, get McCloy in there.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: You can't take him out this late in the
dialog: game.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Zorin will eat him alive!
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Then talk to your brother, goddamn it.
dialog: The two of you don't need any advice to
dialog: get into trouble.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What's gotten into you?
text: Kenny throws the Lippman article at him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, still sore about this.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Something your father would've come up
dialog: with.
text: Silence. Terrible silence. That paralyzes Bobby. Kenny
text: stares at him. He means it, but regrets it, too.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: My father --
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: -- I'm just trying to make a point.
dialog: This idea is that fucking bad.
text: But Bobby gets it. Kenny shifts gears, lets it go.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Adlai can handle Zorin. He knows the
text: inning and the score.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: He better. Because nobody thinks he's
dialog: up to this. Nobody.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. OFFICES - U.N. - DAY
text: The U.S. suite is in frantic preparation, STAFFERS coming and
text: going. Stevenson takes his phone from a SECRETARY.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: Yes?
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny turns to gaze at his little T.V. in the credenza, U.N.
text: coverage continuing, as if he could see Adlai there.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Adlai, it's Kenny. How're you doing?
scene_heading: INT. U.S. OFFICES - U.N. - CONTINUOUS
text: Adlai is packing up his briefcase.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: Busy, Ken. What do you need?
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny rises from his chair, paces toward the T.V. He pauses.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: The President told me to pass the word
dialog: to you: stick it to them.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. OFFICES - U.N. - CONTINUOUS
text: Adlai looks around to his own T.V., showing the session going
text: on downstairs. Zorin, ON CAMERA, dominates the council:
text: alternately bold, aggressive, and then reasonable. Even in
text: Russian, with the lagging translation, he's formidable.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny is watching exactly the same performance. Zorin is
text: masterful. Kenny knows it. And when he talks to Adlai, it's
text: with the fatalism of a coach knowing he's putting his third
text: string quarterback in against the all-Pro linebacker.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Adlai. The world has to know we're
dialog: right. If we're going to have a chance
dialog: at a political solution, we need
dialog: international pressure. You got to be
dialog: tough, Adlai. You need to find it, old
dialog: friend.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. OFFICES - U.N. - CONTINUOUS
text: Adlai watches his Staffers leave his inner office. He hears
text: Kenny, and everything Kenny is saying.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: I hear you. I'm glad it's you calling.
dialog: I thought it would be Bobby. If they're
text: still sticking to their stonewall
dialog: strategy, I'll get 'em.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thanks, Ken.
text: Adlai lowers the phone to its cradle. An ANXIOUS STAFFER
text: sticks his head in the door, a concerned, questioning look on
text: his face.
text: Adlai adjusts his tie. HIS HAND IS SHAKING. He notices it,
text: and manages a brave smile.
speaker_heading: ADLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm an old political cat, Jimmy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I've got one life left.
scene_heading: INT. HALL, U.N. - CONTINUOUS
text: Adlai, briefcase in hand, marches down the hall at the hand
text: of his team: Staffers and Photo Interpreters with large
text: leather portfolio bags. The big double doors to the council
text: chamber loom, and he gestures to the Photo Interpreters.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: Wait here.
text: And then a DOORMAN throws open the door for him.
scene_heading: INT. U.N. SECURITY COUNCIL CHAMBERS - CONTINUOUS
text: Adlai enters. He is instantly dwarfed by the enormous room.
text: Lights, T.V. cameras, the imposing circular arrangement of
text: delegation tables. And the entire world is watching.
text: Adlai pauses. Then as the first SECURITY COUNCIL MEMBERS
text: begin to notice him, he heads for the vacant seats for the
text: American delegation. The ROMANIAN DELEGATE saws the air.
speaker_heading: ROMANIAN DELEGATE
dialog: (through translator)
dialog: ...we call upon the world to condemn
dialog: this purely American provocation...
text: But as the Romanian wheezes on, all eyes are on Adlai. Adlai
text: takes his seat, his Staffers behind him. They pass him up
text: papers, and he spreads them before him, taking no notice that
text: the entire room is staring at him.
text: Adlai finally glances up. Across the circle sits Zorin, in
text: the flesh, at the head of his own tough-looking DELEGATION.
text: He acknowledges Adlai with a superior smile.
speaker_heading: ROMANIAN DELEGATE (CONT'D)
dialog: We, the people of Romania, stand in
dialog: solidarity with the people of Cuba and
dialog: their revolution in the face of this
dialog: American threat to world peace. Thank
dialog: you, Mr. Chairman.
text: The Romanian Delegate leans back from his microphone. Zorin
text: leans forward, begins in Russian, and the Translator's voice
text: catches up with him. His tone, body language, composure are
dialog: all that of complete confidence.
speaker_heading: ZORIN
dialog: (through translator)
dialog: We are glad you could join us, Mr.
dialog: Stevenson.
text: Adlai nods, returns to his notes, as Zorin continues.
speaker_heading: ZORIN (CONT'D)
dialog: For the last couple of hours I have
dialog: heard nothing but questions from the
dialog: world here. The United States has led
dialog: us to the brink of calamity. The
dialog: peoples of the world want to know why.
dialog: We are told again and again of this so
dialog: called incontrovertible evidence of
dialog: offensive weapons in Cuba. Yet we are
dialog: not allowed to see this evidence. Are
dialog: your spy planes so secret you cannot
dialog: share this evidence with us? Some
dialog: planes?!
text: The audience laughs. Zorin basks in it. And then grows
dialog: stern.
speaker_heading: ZORIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Or perhaps there is no such evidence.
dialog: Perhaps the United States is mistaken.
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - WHITE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: EXCOM watches the coverage on the situation room's T.V.'s.
text: The President and Bobby sit side by side, Kenny just behind
text: them. Bobby checks his watch, looks at the President.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I make the call, and Adlai is out.
text: McCloy goes in.
text: Bobby looks back at Kenny.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Let's hope it doesn't come to that.
scene_heading: INT. U.N. SECURITY COUNCIL CHAMBERS - CONTINUOUS
text: Zorin stares at Adlai. Adlai studiously ignores him, works
text: on his own papers.
speaker_heading: ZORIN
dialog: The United States has no facts in hand.
dialog: Falsity is what America has in its hands
dialog: - false evidence.
text: Zorin leans back in his chair. Adlai finally looks up. He
text: meets Zorin's icy bravura. He notes the cameras around the
text: room. This is the grandest stage of all.
speaker_heading: ZORIN (CONT'D)
dialog: The chair recognizes the representative
dialog: from the United States.
text: And in that moment, Adlai becomes the spokesman for America.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: Well, let me say something to you, Mr.
dialog: Ambassador, we do have the evidence. We
dialog: have it, and it is clear and
text: incontrovertible.
text: Adlai's tone is definitive. A tremor of interest passes
text: through the various delegations.
speaker_heading: ADLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: And let me say something else. Those
dialog: weapons must be taken out of Cuba. You,
dialog: the Soviet Union, have created this new
dialog: danger, not the United States.
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: EXCOM is transfixed by the continuing debate.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: Come on, Adlai!
text: They all crowd the T.V. as if it were a title fight. Except
text: for Bobby. Kenny glances over at him. He has the phone
text: pinned between his ear and shoulder. Kenny looks back to the
dialog: T.V.
scene_heading: INT. U.N. SECURITY COUNCIL CHAMBERS - CONTINUOUS
text: Adlai fixes Zorin in his seat, his voice rising.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: Mr. Zorin, I remind you that the other
dialog: day you did not deny the existence of
dialog: these weapons. But today, again, if I
dialog: heard you correctly, you now say they do
dialog: not exist.
text: Zorin, headphones on, listens to his own translation, but
text: doesn't respond, acts bored. It gets Adlai's goat, and he
text: begins to lose his cool. A rumble from the U.N. The CAMERA
text: FINDS Adlai's hand SHAKING, gripping his pen.
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - WHITE HOUSE - DAY
text: EXCOM is worried.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: Come on, Adlai, don't let him off!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: John? It's Bobby. Get ready to send
dialog: your staffer in. He's going to be
text: coming out.
scene_heading: INT. U.N. SECURITY COUNCIL CHAMBERS - CONTINUOUS
text: But Adlai's tremors are not tremors of fear. They are
text: tremors of anger. His voice goes hard and cold.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: All right, sir. Let me ask you one
dialog: simple question. Do you, Ambassador
dialog: Zorin, deny that the U.S.S.R. has placed
dialog: and is placing medium and intermediate
dialog: range missiles and sites in Cuba? Yes
dialog: or no - don't wait for the translation -
dialog: yes or no?
text: The diplomatic world GASPS as Adlai drops all pretense of
text: civility, all statesman-like grace.
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: EXCOM's excitement mounts. In the chorus urging Adlai on, we
text: find Kenny edge toward the screen.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Yeah. Yeah.
scene_heading: INT. U.N. SECURITY COUNCIL CHAMBERS - CONTINUOUS
text: Zorin shoots Adlai a testy look.
speaker_heading: ZORIN
dialog: I am not in an American courtroom, sir,
dialog: and therefore I do not wish to answer a
dialog: question that is put to me in the
text: fashion in which a prosecutor puts
dialog: questions. In due course, sir, you will
dialog: have your answer.
text: There's laughter at Zorin's refusal to be bullied: but it's
text: nervous laughter, not the polite stuff of diplomatic tete-a
text: tete. The RUMBLE in the room grows louder.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: You are in the courtroom of world
dialog: opinion right now, and you can answer
dialog: yes or no. You have denied they exist,
dialog: and I want to know if I have understood
dialog: you correctly.
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - DAY
text: EXCOM ROARS! Fists in the air! Bobby lets the phone dangle
text: a beat, covers it. And then he lifts it again.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: John, I'll get back to you.
text: He lowers the phone to the receiver. Kenny shoots him a
text: triumphant smile. The President looks at Kenny, shakes his
text: head, a big smile on his face.
scene_heading: INT. U.N. SECURITY COUNCIL CHAMBERS - CONTINUOUS
text: Adlai presses on.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: And I'm prepared to present the evidence
dialog: in this room, proving that the Soviet
dialog: Union has lied to the world.
text: And Zorin cracks. He looks uneasily to his delegation. They
text: bend forward to consult. Adlai sits back in his chair,
text: draping his arms over its wings with the confidence of
text: someone who knows he's kicked ass.
text: Adlai looks around the room while he's waiting for his
text: answer, managing not to smile. The diplomatic world is
text: scandalized. At last Zorin regroups, lifts his head from his
text: huddle.
speaker_heading: ZORIN
dialog: If you do not choose to continue your
dialog: statement, the Chair recognizes the
dialog: representative from Chile.
text: The CHILEAN DELEGATE stands.
speaker_heading: CHILEAN DELEGATE
dialog: I yield my time and the floor to the
dialog: representative to the United States.
text: The room explodes in laughter. Not just nervous any more,
text: not just polite. They're laughing at Zorin's parliamentary
text: ploy blowing up in his face.
text: Zorin's smile is gone, his smooth facade destroyed. And he
dialog: looks like the biggest fool in the world.
text: Adlai stares at the beet-faced man with disdain. At last,
text: Adlai stands, gestures to the door to the hall behind him.
text: The PHOTO INTERPRETERS come racing in with their briefing
dialog: boards.
speaker_heading: ADLAI
dialog: Well then, ladies and gentlemen, since
dialog: it appears we might be here for a while,
dialog: shall we have a look at what the Soviets
dialog: are doing in Cuba?
text: The Delegates RUMBLE in interest, rise from their seats to
dialog: approach Adlai.
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: EXCOM celebrates. Phones ring at several of the chairs at
text: the conference table. The President and Kenny meet as Bundy
text: picks up a phone in the b.g.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Didn't know Adlai had it in him. Too
dialog: bad he didn't have this stuff in '52.
speaker_heading: KENNY
text: Zorin must not have gotten instructions.
dialog: Somebody in their Foreign Ministry's
dialog: blown it big-time.
text: Bundy steps forward, holding the phone.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: Mr. President...
text: Kenny and the President turn to see what they already have
text: heard in those two words: concern. The room falls quiet.
scene_heading: INT. FLAG PLOT - THE PENTAGON - CONTINUOUS
text: Phone in hand, McNamara paces at his post over the flag plot.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: ...the ship is called Groznyy.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN, PUERTO RICO TRENCH - CONTINUOUS
text: The Soviet Tanker, Groznyy, breasts the heavy seas. Armed
text: CREWMEN race along the deck to makeshift sandbagged
text: emplacements in the bow.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (V.O.)
dialog: We lost track of it yesterday at
dialog: nightfall. We thought we gave it plenty
dialog: of room when we moved the quarantine
dialog: line back. We just reacquired it.
text: The CAMERA PANS to the left, revealing a U.S. DESTROYER
text: racing up alongside a few hundred yards away, pounding up and
text: over the swells, punching up a huge fan of spray from its
dialog: bow.
scene_heading: INT. FLAG PLOT - THE PENTAGON - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
text: It crossed the line hours ago.
text: Admiral Anderson, on the phone on the level below, is tense.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
dialog: Hail them again.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (O.S.)
dialog: Keep us posted, Bob.
text: McNamara leans against the wall, closes his eyes in
text: exhaustion and stress. And when he opens the, we PAN AROUND
scene_heading: TO REVEAL:
text: A G-d-like view of the flag plot, covered with HUNDREDS OF
text: SHIPS, PLANES AND MARKINGS.
text: McNamara stares out at the bewildering tangle of symbols,
text: living men behind each one. Each tangle of red and blue
text: symbols a powderkeg. A G-dlike view indeed. And it is far
dialog: more than any one mere man could keep control of. And he
text: begins to realize it.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: We're kidding ourselves...
text: And not only that, in his bleary, sleep-deprived fog, he
text: begins to understand something happening down there.
text: The CAMERA MOVES over the enormous map, over the scrolling
text: cryptic numerology. THE BUZZ of radio communications bleeds
text: in from the background. The overhead platform swivels on its
text: motor, like the vast arm of some fate-writing god as the
text: Watch Officer on it updates the movements of the ships.
text: McNamara stares, at the verge of grasping something. Through
text: the door-crack of genius, he has the glimpse of some grander
dialog: thing, some grander design.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
dialog: Very well. Load your guns.
text: That starts McNamara from his fatigued reverie. He goes to
text: the railing, looks down on Anderson.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: What was that, Admiral?
text: Anderson turns, gazes up from his tier below, distracted.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
dialog: We've been hailing the Groznyy for the
dialog: last hour, Mr. Secretary. The Groznyy
text: refuses to stop.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
dialog: Carrying out our mission, Mr. Secretary.
dialog: If you don't mind, we're very busy right
dialog: now. We need to be able to do our jobs.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Admiral, I asked you a question.
text: Anderson holds the phone aside, turns around again, looks up
text: at him, impatient. His answer is hard, cold, dangerous.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
dialog: We're going to follow the Rules of
dialog: Engagement. The Rules of Engagement
dialog: which the President has approved and
dialog: signed in his order of October 23rd.
text: Anderson listens again to the phone.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, Captain, you may proceed. Clear
dialog: your guns.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: What --
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN, PUERTO RICO TRENCH - CONTINUOUS
text: The Destroyer's forward 5-inch twin guns swivel, train on the
text: Groznyy. A beat. They OPEN FIRE with an ear-splitting
text: BAMBAM, ripping the air in front of the muzzles, the Groznyy
dialog: so close a miss isn't possible.
scene_heading: INT. FLAG PLOT - THE PENTAGON - CONTINUOUS
text: McNamara SHOUTS at Anderson, dropping down the steps to
text: Anderson's level.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
text: GODDAMNIT, STOP THAT FIRING!
text: Watch Officers scramble to comply, chaos and shouting in the
text: war room as a chorus if "Cease fire cease fire cease fire,"
text: goes up. McNamara turns on Anderson, is in his face.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus Christ, God help us.
text: Anderson smashes the phone down, wheels on McNamara, furious.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN, PUERTO RICO TRENCH - CONTINUOUS
text: The Destroyer's guns hammer away at the Groznyy, at point
text: blank range... but the Groznyy IS UNHARMED.
text: Suddenly, in the air above it appear BRILLIANT FLARES. They
text: light up the ship, brighter than the sun. The destroyer
text: isn't firing deadly rounds... it's firing harmless
text: starshells.
scene_heading: INT. FLAG PLOT - THE PENTAGON - CONTINUOUS
text: Anderson gets in McNamara's face.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
text: That ship was firing starshells.
text: Starshells. Flares, Mr. Secretary.
text: Everyone's eyes are on the two men. Only the chatter of
text: teletype breaks the paralyzing silence. McNamara blinks,
text: looks down at the plot on the floor. Anderson's voice drops
text: to a deadly sotto.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Goddammitt, I've got a job to do.
dialog: You've been camped out up there since
dialog: Monday night. You're exhausted and
dialog: you're making mistakes. Interfere with
dialog: me, you will get some of killed. I will
dialog: not allow that.
text: McNamara looks away at the faces of the men in the room.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Starshells.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
dialog: Get out of our way, Mr. Secretary. The
dialog: navy has been running blockades since
dialog: the days of John Paul Jones.
text: McNamara turns back. And all trepidation, embarrassment,
text: hesitation are gone. He coldly appraises Anderson.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: I believe the President made it clear
dialog: that there would be no firing on ships
dialog: without his express permission.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
dialog: With all due respect, Mr. Secretary, we
text: were not firing on the ship. Firing on
dialog: a ship means attacking the ship. We
dialog: were not attacking the ship. We were
text: firing over it.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: This was not the President's intention
dialog: when he gave that order. What if the
dialog: Soviets don't see the distention? What
dialog: if they make the same mistake I just
dialog: did?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There will be no firing anything near
dialog: ANY Soviet ships without my express
dialog: permission, is that understood, Admiral?
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ANDERSON
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: And I will only issue such instructions
dialog: when ordered to by the President.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: John Paul Jones... you don't understand
dialog: a thing, do you, Admiral?
text: He passes his hand over the enormous plot below.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (CONT'D)
dialog: This isn't a blockade.
text: McNamara, trembling with anger, awe, whirls to Anderson. And
text: his burgeoning insight is born - clear, hard and cold.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (CONT'D)
dialog: This, all this, is language, a new
dialog: vocabulary the likes of which the world
dialog: has never seen.
dialog: This is President Kennedy communicating
dialog: with Secretary Khruschev.
text: McNamara JABS HIS FINGER OUT AT the plot, and --
text: -- the CAMERA RACES DOWN, TRACKING OVER IT, across the vast
text: ebb and flow of information, the delicate ballet of symbols
dialog: and numerology, this language of steel and human life.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - DAY
scene_heading: SUPER: FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26TH. DAY 11.
text: On Kenny's T.V. Walter Cronkite reads the news to footage of
text: a BOARDING PARTY going up a ladder to the freighter MARCULA.
speaker_heading: WALTER CRONKITE (V.O.)
text: At 7:29 this morning, the U.S.S. Joseph
dialog: Kennedy stopped and boarded the Soviet
dialog: charter vessel Marcula.
text: The Boarding Party wears dress whites and is UNARMED.
speaker_heading: WALTER CRONKITE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: After a 3-hour inspection, the Kennedy
text: signaled no contraband found. Cleared
dialog: to continue. Pentagon spokesmen expect
text: the next encounter.
text: Kenny, who turns from the T.V. as the door to his office
text: opens. Rusk walks in.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: Kenny, we need to see the President.
dialog: Something's happened.
text: Kenny reacts to Rusk's enigmatic expression. And out from
text: behind Rusk steps JOHN SCALI, the ABC News Correspondent.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - DAY
text: OFF THEIR REACTIONS, the CAMERA FINDS an under-strength, ad
text: hoc EXCOM - Kenny, Bobby, Taylor, Bundy, Sorensen, McCone,
text: Ball and the President. Guarded hope all around. The short,
text: balding, pugnacious Scali looks discomfited.
speaker_heading: SCALI
dialog: I have lunch with him maybe once a
dialog: month. Way he talks, he acts like he
dialog: knows Khruschev personally, but he's
dialog: never elaborated. I've used him as a
dialog: source in a couple of stories.
text: Kenny paces behind the gathered men around the President's
text: desk, listening, mind going a million miles an hour.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: The FBI has identified this Alexander
text: Fomin as the Soviet Resident, the KGB
dialog: equivalent of one of our station chiefs.
dialog: He's their highest ranking spy in this
dialog: country. And he knows John's a friend
dialog: of mine.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: All the trademarks of a back-channel
text: overture.
text: Kenny eyes Bundy, makes him uncomfortable. The President
dialog: sizes Scali up.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: So they'll remove the missiles, and
dialog: we'll pledge not to invade Cuba,
dialog: destabilize Castro or assist anyone who
dialog: plans in doing so...
text: Nobody dares speak. It's as if the possibility of a
text: settlement will vanish into thin air if anyone moves.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I think... this may be our first real
dialog: message from Khruschev.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: The alternative, Mr. President, is that
dialog: this could be a trap.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Dangle a settlement, tie us down in
dialog: negotiations, we come up short...
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: Why else would they approach us in this
dialog: way? It's deniable. The Soviets have
dialog: done nothing but lie to us. This could
dialog: be more of the same.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: That may be why Khruschev's introducing
dialog: this guy. We've been burned by his
dialog: usual players in the formal channels, so
text: he brings in an honest broker.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: That may be what they want us to think.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: The truth is, Mr. President, we don't
text: even really know whom Fomin speaks for.
dialog: It could be Khruschev. It could be some
dialog: faction in the Politburo or the KGB
dialog: itself. We just don't know.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: By the way, Scali, your activities now
dialog: fall under the secrecy codicils of the
dialog: National Security Act. Sorry, no
dialog: Pulitzer.
text: The gathered men chuckle, only Scali a bit dour but being a
text: good sport about it. Scali checks his watch.
speaker_heading: SCALI
dialog: Mr. President, we don't have much time.
dialog: I'm supposed to meet with him again in
text: three and a half hours.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Well, it seems the question of the day
dialog: is -- is the offer legitimate?
text: He moves away from his desk. The men watch him.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: If it is... if it is, then we can't
dialog: afford to ignore it.
dialog: (beat, to Scali)
dialog: John, we'll have instructions for you in
dialog: a couple of hours.
text: Scali nods. Rusk escorts him out. They wait until the door
text: closes. Taylor looks over at McCone who nods.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: Mr. President, I'm afraid we have some
dialog: bad news. We're getting GMAIC estimates
dialog: from our latest low-level overflights.
dialog: It appears the missiles are two to three
text: days away from operational status.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: So we don't have much time to play out
dialog: back-channel communiques.
text: Kenny gives Bobby a hard look. The President appears
text: unfazed.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: The quarantine, sir, is not producing
dialog: results. The Chiefs feel it's time you
dialog: take another look at our options.
text: The President considers Taylor, then looks over to Kenny.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Kenny, get over to your old stomping
dialog: grounds. Go through everything the FBI
dialog: has on Fomin. I need your best call: is
dialog: this guy legit and is he speaking for
dialog: Khruschev? And I need you to tell me by
dialog: the time I call you, because right after
dialog: I call you, I'm calling Scali with his
dialog: instructions.
scene_heading: INT. FBI, COUNTER-INTELLIGENCE DEPARTMENT FILES - NIGHT
text: BANG! A STACK OF FILES slams down beside Kenny on a large
text: paper-covered conference table. WALTER SHERIDAN, Kenny's
text: investigator-buddy, wears a visitor's pass just like Kenny.
text: Kenny and Walter RIFLE through the folders, super fast, super
text: proficient. A half-dozen FBI AGENTS work around the table.
speaker_heading: SHERIDAN
dialog: Okay. So, what we've got is this guy
dialog: Alexander Feklisov, aka Alexander Fomin,
dialog: declared Consul to the Soviet Embassy,
text: but in reality the KGB Papa Spy. An
dialog: illustrious tour of duty during the
dialog: Great Patriotic War gets him on the
dialog: Party fast track, various tours of duty
dialog: in KGB, American postings. He's an
dialog: expert on us, and... that's all we've
dialog: got on Papa Spy.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Who's he talking for? Is it Khruschev,
dialog: or is this more bullshit?
text: Kenny stands, runs his hands through his hair, aggravated.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: How do you become the KGB top spy in the
dialog: United States?
speaker_heading: SHERIDAN
dialog: Gotta know someone.
text: Kenny whirls on Sheridan. A frozen beat.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Politics is politics. Walter.
dialog: (whirling on Agents)
dialog: Khruschev is the Moscow Party Boss under
dialog: Stalin. Give me their career
dialog: chronologies!
text: Walter pushes a typed dateline of Khruschev's major career
text: moves, and one of the Agents hands Kenny a list of Fomin's
text: postings. He lays them side by side. And for every step of
dialog: Khruschev's, there's a step for Fomin. Not only that, but
text: the DATES ARE IDENTICAL or nearly so.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Every time Khruschev moves up, Fomin
dialog: does within a year...
dialog: (tracing up the list)
dialog: Khruschev was the administrator in
dialog: charge of preparing Moscow's defenses
dialog: during the war. And Fomin... was here
dialog: in the U.S.
text: Kenny's face falls. But a YOUNG FBI AGENT cuts in.
scene_heading: YOUNG FBI AGENT
dialog: Not at first.
text: The Young FBI Agent proffers him a file. Kenny snatches it.
speaker_heading: YOUNG FBI AGENT (CONT'D)
dialog: He was an engineer stationed outside
dialog: Moscow in '42. Specialized in tank
dialog: traps.
text: Kenny looks up at Walter. Walter nods sagely, lights a pipe.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: They know each other. They're war
dialog: buddies.
speaker_heading: SHERIDAN
dialog: It's thin. But real life usually is.
text: A PHONE on the table SHRILLS, shattering the silent triumph.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (O.S.)
dialog: I've got to move. What do you have,
dialog: Kenny?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: They know each other! Khruschev and
dialog: Feklisov aka Fomin were war buddies!
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (O.S.)
dialog: You're sure...
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Don't take it to court, but we've got
dialog: good circumstantial evidence...
dialog: (off Walter's nod)
dialog: Walter agrees. My gut's telling me
text: Khruschev's turning to a trusted old
dialog: friend to carry his message.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (O.S.)
dialog: Okay, Ken. We're going.
scene_heading: INT. STATLER HOTEL COFFEE SHOP - NIGHT
text: A few lonely BUSINESS TRAVELERS hang out in the dim coffee
text: shop. Faint music plays. Scali and ALEXANDER FOMIN sit with
text: steaming cups of coffee. Scali, nervous, unfolds a note.
text: Fomin, an expressionless gray spectre of a man, eyes him. He
text: is, in his boredom, a spy's spy.
speaker_heading: SCALI
dialog: I am instructed to tell you that the
dialog: American Government would respond
dialog: favorably to an offer along the lines
dialog: you have discussed. If this solution
dialog: were raised at the U.N. by Ambassador
dialog: Zorin, he would find a favorable reply
dialog: from Ambassador Stevenson.
speaker_heading: FOMIN
dialog: So I understand you correctly. If the
dialog: missiles in Cuba were dismantled,
dialog: returned to the Soviet Union, and a
dialog: guarantee was made not to reintroduce
dialog: them, the United States would be
dialog: prepared to guarantee that it would
dialog: never invade Cuba?
speaker_heading: SCALI
dialog: That is correct.
speaker_heading: FOMIN
dialog: This is from the Highest Authority?
speaker_heading: SCALI
dialog: Yes. From the Highest Authority. There
dialog: are two conditions. The U.N.
dialog: must be allowed to inspect the removal
dialog: of the missiles.
speaker_heading: FOMIN
dialog: And, of course, the U.N. must be allowed
dialog: to observe the redeployment of forces
dialog: from the American Southeast.
text: Scali demurs. He has no instructions on this count.
speaker_heading: FOMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: And the second condition?
speaker_heading: SCALI
dialog: Time is of the essence.
text: Scali takes a sip of coffee. Fomin stares at him, intense.
speaker_heading: FOMIN
dialog: John. How much time?
speaker_heading: SCALI
dialog: 48 hours. In 48 hours there can be no
dialog: deals.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Scali finishes debriefing the President, Bobby, Kenny,
text: McCone, Taylor and Bundy.
speaker_heading: SCALI
dialog: He left right away. Got the feeling he
dialog: meant business.
text: Kenny and Bobby share a hopeful glance. Rusk enters from
text: Kenny's office. And he's unable to contain his excitement.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: Mr. President, we're receiving a letter
dialog: from Khruschev over at State.
scene_heading: INT. COMMUNICATIONS OFFICE - STATE DEPARTMENT - NIGHT
text: From a cluster of folding metal chairs, Kenny, Bobby, Rusk
text: and Sorensen watch a TELETYPE hammer out the message as it
text: comes off the wire. It's painfully slow, like watching a bad
text: typist type a manuscript. Ten pages of this is an eternity.
text: To top it off, it's in Russian. A TRANSLATOR reads it off,
text: word by word to a TRANSCRIBER.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
text: ...two...of...us...pull...on...the...
dialog: knot...of...war...
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kenny slams a page of Khruschev's letter on the table. He
text: jabs his finger at it. EXCOM listens, intent.
speaker_heading: KENNY
text: It's ten pages of sentimental fluff, but
dialog: he's saying right here. He'll remove
dialog: the missiles in return for a no-invasion
text: pledge. It looks like Fomin's overture
dialog: was genuine.
text: The President turns to McCone.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: Our early analysis says this was
dialog: probably written by Khruschev himself.
text: It's a first draft, and shows no signs
dialog: of being polished by the foreign
dialog: ministry. In fact, it probably hasn't
dialog: been approved by the Politburo. They
dialog: wouldn't have let the emotionalism go
dialog: by. The analysts say it was written by
text: someone under considerable stress.
text: EXCOM chuckles.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Glad to hear we're not alone.
text: The President eyes the EXCOM members one by one, an incipient
text: smile on his face.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, gentlemen, I wasn't planning on
dialog: invading Cuba anyway. I think we can
dialog: live with the terms of this deal.
text: There are mostly nods of assent, big smiles around the table.
text: Except from McCone and Taylor. The President takes his copy
text: of the letter, flips through it. He shakes his head, almost
text: unable to believe that Khruschev has given in. A long beat.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: Ted, I want you to draft our acceptance.
scene_heading: EXT. O'DONNELL DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: A long, black car stops at the end of Kenny's driveway. The
text: door opens, and Kenny steps out. He says an inaudible
text: goodnight to the driver, and the car pulls off. He turns,
text: facing the white two-story house with the neat front yard,
text: the lights out. And he smiles. Home at last.
scene_heading: EXT. O'DONNELL PATIO - NIGHT
text: A screen door squeaks open. Kenny steps out into the
text: darkness of the back yard. And there, in her robe, sitting
text: startled on a lawn chair, lit only by the dim glow of the
text: kitchen window, is Helen. Kenny stands there tired, his coat
text: slung over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Hi.
text: Helen rises, her own care-worn face turned to his. For a
text: silent moment they gaze at each other, searching in the lines
text: of each others' face for the changes of a long separation.
dialog: They see them. But they've been married a long time, and the
text: awkwardness passes.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Hi, O'Donnell. You look old.
text: Kenny drops his coat on a table as Helen comes up and folds
text: herself into his arms.
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: This job's going to kill you. If I
dialog: don't first.
text: They kiss, comfortable. But not too long, and he lets her
text: go. She looks at him again, sees he's suppressing a smile.
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: If you're home it means either Jack and
dialog: Bobby have finally figured out what a
dialog: con man you are and fired you, or --
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: -- we got a back channel communication
dialog: from Khruschev this evening feeling us
dialog: out about a deal. He confirmed it just
dialog: a little while ago in a letter to the
dialog: President. I think we've won.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: A thing like this... who could even
dialog: think of winning?
scene_heading: INT. HALL OUTSIDE KENNY'S OFFICE - DAY
scene_heading: SUPER: SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27TH. DAY 12.
text: Kenny, in his overcoat, steps aside as a pair of Duty
text: Officers race past him, almost bowling him over.
text: He slows as he nears the doors to his office and the Oval
scene_heading: Office, DISCOVERING:
text: TOTAL CHAOS. EXCOM guys, Assistants, dart to and from the
text: offices and halls. On all their faces grim expressions.
text: Kenny stands there a beat in confusion. And then Bobby
text: swings out of Kenny's office. There's a desperate edge to
text: Bobby's voice.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Where've you been? We've been trying to
dialog: find you all morning.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Helen and I went out for breakfast.
dialog: EXCOM's not supposed to convene til
dialog: eight.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We just got a second letter from
dialog: Khruschev. The deal's off.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OUTSIDE CABINET ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny and Bobby walk fast for the cabinet room, Kenny still
text: in his coat.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We're getting everyone together as fast
dialog: as we can.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: What does the letter say?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: They want us to take our missiles out of
dialog: Turkey along with the no invasion
text: pledge. It looks like Fomin was a ploy
dialog: after all, and they were just stalling
dialog: for time.
text: Kenny is stunned.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: It gets worse.
text: Kenny gives Bobby a sharp look as they enter --
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The President, in shirtsleeves, no tie, glances up at Kenny
text: as he and Bobby enter. Kenny can only bear his look for a
dialog: second: he blew the call on Fomin. But the President is
text: clearly relieved to see him, gives him a faint smile.
text: Half of EXCOM, including McNamara, McCone, Rusk, and Taylor
text: barely notice them as they're already there arguing.
text: Kenny sits down hurriedly, shucks off his coat as he joins
text: the conversation in mid-stream.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: My specialists are in agreement: this
dialog: morning's letter is not Khruschev. Last
dialog: night's letter was.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The evidence supports only one
dialog: conclusion: there has been a coup, and
dialog: Khruschev was replaced overnight.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Jesus Christ...
text: Bobby gives him a look: told you things got worse.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Dean?
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: It doesn't necessarily mean there's been
text: a coup. Khruschev's name is signed to
dialog: the letter.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Aw, come on, Dean!
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: But at the very least... It does suggest
dialog: he's been co-opted by hard line
dialog: elements.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Which at the end of the day is the same
text: thing as a coup. A puppet Khruschev,
dialog: and a hard-line Soviet government
dialog: pulling the strings. No deal. And the
text: missiles are almost operational.
text: Bitter silence. They all look to the President. Imminent
text: victory has turned to ashes. The President studies his own
text: folded hands. Ball and Thompson enter, take seats. One by
text: one, throughout the scene, other EXCOM members join the
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: You know, the problem we have is that
dialog: this is latest offer of theirs will seem
dialog: reasonable to everyone. We remove our
text: missiles, they remove theirs.
dialog: Our Jupiters were scheduled for removal
dialog: anyway. They're obsolete, after all.
text: Kenny shakes his head in mute anger. McNamara and Rusk seem
text: to sense the President's feelings, too.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: Mr. President, agreeing to such a trade
dialog: would be tantamount to paying ransom.
dialog: They'll put a gun to our head again, and
dialog: expect us to pay again.
text: Kenny looks the President in the eye.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: We can't sell out one of our friends for
dialog: our own safety. NATO wouldn't trust us
dialog: anymore, and they'd be right not to.
text: The President sighs in the face of the stern advice. He
text: nods, expecting as much. Bobby still can't look at anyone.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: So which one of you geniuses can tell me
dialog: how to explain ourselves to the world?
dialog: How do we work with them if there's been
dialog: a hard-line coup?
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: Mr. President, there is another
dialog: possibility we haven't considered. This
dialog: may not be a coup at all.
text: Everyone of Kenny's instincts jumps. His head snaps up to
text: listen to Taylor. Taylor pauses.
speaker_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: It's possible that the back-channel
dialog: overture, last night's letter, and this
dialog: letter today, along with everything the
dialog: Soviets have said all along, is nothing
dialog: more than a lie -- disinformation.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Designed to keep us from taking action.
text: Kenny hears the fatalism in McNamara's voice. A long beat.
text: Everyone stares at McNamara.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (CONT'D)
dialog: I hate to say it, but if I had to bet,
dialog: I'd bet Max is right. What if they have
dialog: no intention of honoring this deal,
dialog: either?
dialog: Then tomorrow they add another
text: condition. Meanwhile, the quarantine
dialog: isn't working and they're continuing to
dialog: work on the missile sites.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think we have to consider issuing
dialog: warning orders for our forces.
dialog: They were so close last night... and suddenly Lundahl and
text: LeMay enter the room with the day's briefing boards.
speaker_heading: LUNDAHL
dialog: Mr. President...
text: Lundahl stands there at the end of the table, gray. He
dialog: almost can't say it, can't look the President in the face.
speaker_heading: LUNDAHL (CONT'D)
dialog: This morning's photography is in. It
dialog: appears the Soviets have commenced a
dialog: crash program to ready the missiles.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MISSILE SITE - CUBA - CONTINUOUS
text: The missiles site is now more than just dirt and clearing
text: equipment. It's an armed camp, with missiles, fuel trailers,
text: erectors spaced every few hundred yards. MISSILE TECHNICIANS
text: service the towering SS-4s.
speaker_heading: LUNDAHL (V.O.)
dialog: The first missiles became operational
dialog: last night.
text: With a barrage of shouted orders in Russian, and a whine of
text: the ERECTOR's engines, THE MISSILE BEGINS TO RISE.
speaker_heading: LUNDAHL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: We expect they'll all be operational in
text: 36 hours: Monday morning.
text: It stops, vertical.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The news hits the room like a thunderbolt. Kenny looks to
text: Bobby and the President. The blood is gone from their faces.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Then we're out of time. We have to go
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: LUNDAHL
dialog: That may not be as easy as we thought
dialog: either. We've gotten confirmation that
dialog: the Soviets have also deployed
dialog: battlefield nuclear weapons to Cuba.
text: A pall falls over the room as LeMay explains.
speaker_heading: LEMAY
dialog: FROGS, we call 'em. Short range
dialog: tactical nukes. It's possible they've
dialog: delegated release authority to their
dialog: local commanders for use against our
dialog: invasion troops. It'd be standard
dialog: doctrine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Our capability to get all the missiles
dialog: has eroded during our delay with the
dialog: quarantine. The good news is that for
dialog: the moment we know where the FROGS are,
dialog: and we can target them, too. But the
dialog: longer we wait, the hard it's going to
dialog: get.
text: They all look to the President. Kenny stares, in a private
text: hell, blacker and more complete than anyone should ever know.
text: In that shocked silence each man grapples with failure. The
dialog: Best and the Brightest could not prevent what must come next.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Then we have no choice.
dialog: (to Taylor)
dialog: General, issue the warning orders to our
dialog: forces. They will be prepared to
dialog: execute the air strikes Monday morning
dialog: and the follow-on invasion according to
dialog: the schedule thereafter. I'll need the
dialog: official release orders on my desk
text: Sunday night.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: Understood, sir. We need to step up the
dialog: overflights, finalize our pilots' target
dialog: folders in order to be able to carry out
dialog: the strikes.
text: The President gives Kenny a meaningful look.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Permission granted.
text: Taylor exits. Kenny rises, gives the President an almost
text: imperceptible nod, as he prepares to leave in Taylor's wake.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: Gentlemen, if anybody's got any great
dialog: ideas, now's the time...
scene_heading: INT. READY ROOM - MACDILL AFB - DAY
text: MAJOR RUDOLPH ANDERSON, 30, wearing the bulky high-altitude
text: pressure suit of a U-2 pilot, takes the phone from one of the
text: Air Force NCOs who are helping him suit up.
speaker_heading: MAJOR ANDERSON
dialog: This is Major Anderson.
scene_heading: INTERCUT CALL TO:
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny, at the other end of the line, stares out the window at
text: the fall day. It seems so mild, so unlike war. And it takes
text: him a beat before he realizes Anderson's on the line.
speaker_heading: MAJOR ANDERSON (O.S.)
dialog: Hello? Anyone there?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Major, my name is Kenneth O'Donnell.
dialog: Special Assistant to the President.
text: Kenny takes a breath, ready to start the shuck-and-jive...
text: but for some reason doesn't.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Major, a few days ago the President
dialog: ordered me to help him keep control of
dialog: what's going on out there. I've been
text: browbeating pilots, navy guys left and
dialog: right to make sure you don't get us here
dialog: in Washington into trouble. But you
dialog: know what? We're pretty damn good at
dialog: getting ourselves into trouble. So
dialog: instead of riding your ass, I'm just
dialog: going to tell you what's going on, and
dialog: let you figure out how best to help us
dialog: out up here.
scene_heading: INT. READY ROOM - MACDILL AFB - CONTINUOUS
text: Now mostly suited up, Major Anderson takes the phone out of
text: the NCO's hand. He nods, serious.
speaker_heading: MAJOR ANDERSON
dialog: Go ahead, sir.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Last night, we looked like we were going
dialog: to cut a deal to get us all out of this
text: mess. Today, the Soviets are reneging.
dialog: We're going to try to salvage the
dialog: situation, but a lot of things are going
dialog: wrong today. It's making everyone
dialog: nervous, and it will be very hard to
dialog: avoid going to war. Don't get shot
dialog: down, Major. Beyond that, whatever else
dialog: you can do to help us, I'd really
dialog: appreciate it.
scene_heading: INT. READY ROOM - MACDILL AFB - CONTINUOUS
text: Major Anderson waves his NCOs away. They leave the room.
text: The Major sits on a bench in front of his locker, thinks.
speaker_heading: MAJOR ANDERSON
dialog: When you're up there at 72,000 feet,
dialog: there's a million things that can go
dialog: wrong. Is your oxygen mix right? Will
dialog: your cameras freeze up? Are you leaving
dialog: contrail...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Those million things are beyond your
dialog: control, mostly... But you know, when
dialog: you realize that, there's a kind of
dialog: peace. You don't need to be in control.
dialog: You never were in control in the first
dialog: place. If you're a good man, and your
dialog: ground crew are good men, it's all you
dialog: can ask for. And with the grace of G-d,
dialog: it'll get you through.
text: The young Major smiles to himself, to the phone.
speaker_heading: MAJOR ANDERSON (CONT'D)
dialog: You sound like a good man. You'll be
dialog: all right, Mr. O'Donnell. We believe in
dialog: you guys down here.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thanks for the call.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny nods to himself, deeply touched by the man's faith.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Thank you, Major.
scene_heading: INT. READY ROOM - MACDILL AFB - CONTINUOUS
text: With a click, the line goes dead and Anderson walks the phone
text: over to the receiver on the wall.
speaker_heading: END INTERCUT
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - MACDILL AFB - MOMENTS LATER
text: A cart speeds down the tarmac, an NCO behind the wheel.
text: Beside him sits Major Anderson, his helmet on, visor up. He
text: adjusts the mix on the oxygen bottle he's carrying at his
text: feet, breathing in preparation for the high-altitude flight.
text: Up ahead, among a host of service vehicles, sits the U-2.
scene_heading: INT. U-2 - DAY
text: Anderson switches over to the U-2's oxygen supply as his NCOs
text: belt him in. They slap him on the helmet for good luck and
text: lower the canopy as he brings his engines up to power.
speaker_heading: MAJOR ANDERSON
dialog: This is flight G3132, requesting
dialog: permission for take-off.
speaker_heading: TOWER VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: G3132, you've got runway one, you are
text: cleared to proceed to Angels 72.
speaker_heading: MAJOR ANDERSON
dialog: Roger that.
text: And he throws the throttle forward,
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STRATOSPHERE - MOMENTS LATER
text: The twilight, in-between, world of the stratosphere. Far
text: below -- clouds, shining blue day. Above, stars and the
text: indigo depths of space. We hang in utter silence.
text: A silver glint appears in the center of the horizon. It
text: grows larger. Then larger still. It is the U-2. We barely
text: have time to register the rising hiss of its engines, when it
text: FILLS THE SCREEN and BOOMS PAST, leaving us standing still.
text: The CAMERA PANS to follow it, but it's already dwindled to a
dialog: speck, and we feel how fast 600 miles an hour really is.
scene_heading: INT. U-2 - CONTINUOUS
text: Anderson's gloved hand reaches for the CAMERA HEATER
dialog: switches.
scene_heading: EXT. U-2 - CONTINUOUS
text: The belly door whines open like a silver eyelid, exposing the
text: camera's lense.
scene_heading: INT. U-2 - CONTINUOUS
text: Anderson double checks his position, switches to the
text: autopilot for the stability only the machine can provide,
text: then hits the CAMERA ACTIVATE button on his joystick.
text: BAMABMABMABMA... The camera begins its photography.
text: Anderson watches the number on the film-remaining counter
text: spool down. He stares out the window. The towering clouds
text: below rise up magnificent, glorious... a glimpse of heaven.
text: Rapt, Anderson stares. And then suddenly a BLARING ALARM
text: GOES OFF IN THE COCKPIT. It shocks Anderson around to the
text: controls. It's his MISSILE WARNING LIGHT.
text: Anderson' hands flash out to the joystick, turning off the
text: cameras, disabling autopilot. He banks the U-2 hard.
scene_heading: EXT. U-2 - CONTINUOUS
text: As the U-2 turns, far, far below, emerging from the clouds,
text: barely visible, rises a CONTRAIL. It arcs lazily toward us.
text: A beat, and then another CONTRAIL.
text: Then ANOTHER. The anti-aircraft missiles creating them are
text: too small to be seen with the naked eye.
scene_heading: INT. U-2 - CONTINUOUS
text: The cockpit is a cacophony of alarms and lights, the horizon
text: outside tilted. Anderson's breath comes fast, rasping as he
text: does his strains going into the high-g turn.
text: He looks out the cockpit window, finds the first SA-2 missile
text: in pursuit only several thousand feet below him now. He
text: waits. Waits. Waits, still in the turn. The black head of
text: the missile now visible.
text: He puts the plane over, rolling out into an opposite bank.
scene_heading: EXT. U-2 - CONTINUOUS
text: The spy plane's long flimsy wings weren't made for
text: dogfighting. They BEND terribly in the rollout. And then
text: the first missile STREAKS past, tries to correct its miss,
text: but can't and vanishes into the distance at a 90-degree
dialog: angle.
scene_heading: INT. U-2 - CONTINUOUS
text: Anderson's breath comes faster and faster as the second
text: missile rises up, now visible. He puts the throttle as far
text: as it goes, trying to outrun death. Every second is a tenth
text: of a mile, and every mile shortens the missile's life span.
text: The rising missile drafts aft, closing on the U-2 from
dialog: behind.
scene_heading: EXT. U-2 - CONTINUOUS
text: The second missile's contrail rises up behind the plane,
text: levels off, and closes on it at a tremendous rate.
text: The third missile rises up in the far distance behind the
dialog: second.
text: The second missile races up on the U-2, closer, right behind
text: it, can't miss. Then at a hundred yards, the contrail
text: suddenly peters out, and the missile, out of fuel, drops
dialog: away.
text: But the third missile closes.
scene_heading: INT. U-2 - CONTINUOUS
text: Anderson glances out the window, sees the spent missiles fall
text: away, and spots the third missile still seeking him aft.
text: Hand pinning the throttle forward, he prays under his breath.
scene_heading: EXT. U-2 - CONTINUOUS
text: The third SA-2 rides its billowing column of exhaust straight
text: for the tail of the U-2. This one is not out of fuel.
scene_heading: INT. U-2 - CONTINUOUS
text: Major Anderson opens his eyes. He stares out the window at
text: the glorious wonder of cloud and sea and earth below.
scene_heading: EXT. U-2 - CONTINUOUS
text: And the missile looms. We have time to realize it's almost
text: as big as the plane itself before it SHEARS right into the U
text: 2's tail and EXPLODES in a BLINDING FLASH.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OUTSIDE BUNDY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Kenny, jogging down the hall, hears form an open door.
speaker_heading: BUNDY (O.S.)
dialog: Kenny!
text: Kenny goes over to the threshold. Inside the office Bundy
text: stands up from behind his desk, grave. And Kenny knows.
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - DAY
text: All of EXCOM is there except for Bundy. Kenny sits behind
text: the President, deeply distraught over Major Anderson.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Does this attack on our plane represent
text: a definitive, intentional escalation on
dialog: the part of the Soviets?
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
text: The Soviets are in control of the SAMs.
dialog: It's hard to believe with their
dialog: centralized command structure that it
dialog: could be an accidental launch.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
text: Mr. President, taken with the events of
dialog: the past few hours, I believe this
dialog: confirms our worst fears. We're now
text: dealing with a hard-line Soviet
text: government, perhaps with Khruschev as a
text: puppet head, perhaps not.
text: In the silence, Kenny reads the faces around the room.
text: They're convinced by McCone's pronouncement. Kenny's not.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: It could be a mistake.
text: McCone gives him a get-serious look. But Kenny presses on.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: We need to be positive before we react.
text: Bundy enters the room. Everyone looks up. He stands there
text: in the doorway, his face tight.
text: Kenny sags in his chair. Bundy, of course, has more bad
text: news, and they all know it. A hopeless beat. The President
text: just stares at Bundy, unable to ask. Bundy nods, affirming
dialog: what everyone is thinking.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
text: A U-2 on a routine air-sampling mission
dialog: over Siberia got lost and penetrated
dialog: Soviet airspace. The Soviets scrambled
text: MIGs in pursuit, thinking it was a
dialog: bomber. It got out okay. Somebody
dialog: forgot to cancel the mission.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Goddammitt. There's always some
text: sonofabitch who doesn't get the word.
dialog: All we need is the Soviets thinking
dialog: we're bombing them.
dialog: (facetious)
dialog: Anybody else?
text: The humor falls on a cold audience.
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: Mr. President, our pilots are in danger.
dialog: We must order punitive airstrikes
dialog: against the SAM site that shot down
dialog: Major Anderson per our rules of
dialog: engagement.
text: And finally the moment Kenny has dreaded all this time has
text: come to pass. He looks at Bobby, then at the President. The
text: President stares at the cup of coffee in his hands, as if
text: trying to read the Fates' design in it. A long beat, and
text: everyone holds their breath.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: No. I want confirmation there wasn't
dialog: some sort of accident first.
text: LeMay clears his throat. Everyone looks at him, expecting
text: him to scream or jump up and down.
speaker_heading: LEMAY
dialog: I think that's a good idea, Mr.
dialog: President. It'll be safer for my boys
dialog: to get those SAMs on Monday when we get
dialog: the rest of the bastards. I can wait a
dialog: day and a half.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Very well, then.
text: But he says it without any belief in the words, realizing
text: they're being tied fast to the train tracks of war.
scene_heading: INT. KENNY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Alone in his office, shattered, Kenny stares out the window,
text: viewing the distant Ellipse through a gap in the trees. Kids
text: are out there playing football. He glances at his watch, and
text: grabs his jacket.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - DAY
text: Kenny puts on his jacket as he goes down the steps into the
text: bright autumn day, walking away from the White House. It
text: drops behind him -- his step is faster, more urgent.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Kenny walks down the sidewalk, drawn toward the Ellipse. The
text: sixth grade FOOTBALL PLAYERS sweep forward with a running
text: play. Kenny scans them, searching, his breath coming hard.
scene_heading: EXT. ELLIPSE - DAY
text: He reaches the edge of the open field. And then he spots the
text: name on the jersey: O'Donnell. It's Kevin. The players
text: relinquish the ball and the offense comes off the field.
text: Kevin sees his dad.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Hey! Dad!
text: Kenny manages a smile as Kevin trots over. Kevin pulls his
text: helmet off. They stand there a long beat, Kenny desperate to
text: take him up, abandon his post... but he doesn't.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Hey, sport. You winning?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah.
text: But Kevin sees the turmoil in his father's face.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Is everything going to be okay, Dad?
text: Kenny's forced smile is answer enough.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Yeah, Kev. Everything's gonna be fine.
text: But Kevin knows. Together they know. The end of the world
text: is at hand.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I guess you won't be coming home
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I, uh...
text: Suddenly a car HONKS. Kenny turns around. Bobby is leaning
text: out the rear passenger window of his limo. And he sees what
text: Kenny is doing. He doesn't want to cut in, but has to.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Kenny! We need to talk.
text: Kenny looks back at his son.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Get back out there, kid. Remember to
dialog: hit 'em hard.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What about you? Where are you going?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Back to work.
text: Kevin puts his helmet back on his head. Kenny watches as
text: Kevin jogs off to rejoin his team. Kenny turns his back on
text: his son, and strides for Bobby's limo, dying inside.
scene_heading: EXT. SANS SOUCI PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Kenny and Bobby stand by their car off to one side of the
text: restaurant's parking lot. Bobby's Secret Service Agents
dialog: maintain a discreet distance.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: If we're going to make a deal, we're
dialog: going to have to do it fast. This is
text: only getting out of control. The only
dialog: reason we're not at war this very minute
dialog: is he's been able to stretch, bend and
dialog: break his own rules. He won't be able
dialog: to keep it up forever.
text: Bobby jams the last bit of sandwich in his mouth. A beat.
text: Kenny looks him in the eye.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: And Jack wants to trade the missiles in
dialog: Turkey.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: The Jupiters are obsolete. They were
dialog: supposed to have been dismantled last
dialog: summer anyway --
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: -- Jesus, Mary and Joseph. I told you
dialog: how stupid it was to float the Lippman
dialog: article! But you wouldn't listen to me.
dialog: What if there hasn't been a coup at all?
dialog: What if it's you two who invited that
dialog: second letter by raising the possibility
dialog: of a trade?
text: Bobby is speechless with rage.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: And if the two of you are thinking this
dialog: trade is your ace in the hole, you're so
dialog: wrong. It's a deuce.
text: Bobby's beyond furious. They catch their rising voices.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: And it's not just me who thinks that.
dialog: Everyone on this so-called EXCOM is
dialog: telling you exactly the same thing: make
dialog: the trade, and they're going to force us
dialog: into trade after trade until finally
dialog: they demand something we won't trade
dialog: like Berlin, and we do end up in a war.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Not to mention, that long before that
dialog: happens, this government will be
dialog: politically dead.
text: Bobby simmers for a long beat, thinking. And boy, does this
dialog: guy hate admitting he's wrong.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: All right, so maybe we overestimated how
dialog: reasonable this trade would look. Okay?
dialog: You happy? So now what?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: So now you've got to talk him out of it.
dialog: And then we've got to figure out an
dialog: acceptable political solution.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: And if there has been a coup and there
dialog: is no acceptable political solution?
text: Kenny stares off at the city, agonized.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Kenny enters from his office, finding Bobby, Rusk and
text: Sorensen talking with the President. The President gives him
text: a brief, meaningful look.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: Whatever response we send, it will take
dialog: several hours for the wire to be
dialog: received by our embassy and delivered to
dialog: the Kremlin. So we're looking at early
dialog: tomorrow morning at the earliest before
dialog: Khruschev could respond.
text: As Rusk talks, Kenny passes close by Bobby. Bobby whispers:
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: He gets it, but he's pissed.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: That's all well and good, but what do we
dialog: say to 'em?
speaker_heading: SORENSEN
dialog: It depends on if we really believe
dialog: there's been a coup.
text: That strikes a cord with Kenny.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I agree. If there has been a coup, and
dialog: there's a hard-line government in power
dialog: now, then it doesn't matter what we say.
dialog: The end of the day we'll either agree to
dialog: their terms, they'll agree to ours, or
dialog: we'll go to war. But what if there
dialog: hasn't been a coup? What if... what if
text: what is happening is a series of
dialog: accidents?
speaker_heading: SORENSEN
dialog: The second letter is an accident?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: No. The letter is an intentional, but
dialog: it's having an effect far greater than
dialog: its authors intended.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What if our Jupiter missiles are just a
dialog: last minute haggle to salvage something?
text: Maybe a bone Khruschev is throwing to
dialog: the hard line, not really caring if we
dialog: reject it or not?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And then these accidents have happened.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Making the second letter and the overall
text: picture look worse than it really is.
speaker_heading: SORENSEN
dialog: The Guns of August.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Exactly.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If they're sane and human like we are,
dialog: then maybe we just refuse, and they'll
dialog: let it slide, like we've been letting
dialog: things slide.
speaker_heading: SORENSEN
dialog: So we reject the second letter.
text: And Kenny looks at Bobby. The world stops.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: No. We don't reject it...
text: It hits Bobby like a lightning bolt.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: ... We accept the first letter and
dialog: pretend the second doesn't exist.
text: The President, Rusk and Sorensen stare at him, mute.
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - NIGHT
text: HOLD ON the exact same mute reaction from the entire
text: assembled EXCOM. Finally McCone breaks the spell.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: It won't work --
text: Bobby, Kenny and Sorensen start to object, but McCone raises
text: his voice over theirs.
speaker_heading: MCCONE (CONT'D)
dialog: -- because it's wishful thinking! It's
dialog: the same wishful thinking that blinded
dialog: us all these months while the Soviets
dialog: were sneaking those missiles in under
dialog: our noses!
text: McNamara shakes his head, intrigued but skeptical.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Ignore the second letter, agree to the
dialog: conditions of the first...
scene_heading: GENERAL TAYLOR
dialog: There's no reason to believe the Soviets
dialog: will let it go.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: Max is right. Why will they accept it?
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: It can work. If, IF they believe we'll
dialog: hit them.
text: Kenny, Bobby and Sorensen look at McNamara, grateful.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA (CONT'D)
dialog: We've only got time for one more round
text: of diplomacy. The first airstrikes
dialog: start in less than 36 hours.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: But we have to make them agree to it.
dialog: So how do we do that?
text: The President leans forward. Sensing he's about to speak,
text: all eyes turn to him.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: We give them something. We tell them
dialog: we'll remove the missiles from Turkey
dialog: say, six months from now so that there
dialog: appears to be no linkage. We also tell
dialog: them if they go public about it, we deny
text: it and the deal is off.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: And we do it under the table so we can
dialog: disavow any knowledge of it.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: It's transparent. The press'll be all
text: over it.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Six months from now, I'm not going to
dialog: care. Are you? We'll deal with it.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: At least it will expose whether
dialog: Khruschev has been overthrown. We'll
dialog: know what we're dealing with.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: And if this is a move to appease the
dialog: hard line, then it may just be the bone
dialog: he needs to regain control of his own
dialog: house.
text: Most EXCOM is nodding, agreeing. McCone shakes his head in
text: disgust. Taylor sits in silence.
speaker_heading: RUSK
dialog: Whoever carries the message has to hit
dialog: the nail on the head. Come across as
dialog: too soft, they'll push us. Too hard,
dialog: they'll be cornered and even more
dialog: dangerous.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: They could pre-empt.
text: It's a terrible responsibility to bear. The room is silent.
text: At last Bobby looks up from his folded hands to his brother.
text: The President stares back. There is nobody else who can do
text: this. Only Bobby. His brother.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Bobby. You know Dobrynin best.
text: Bobby nods, taking up the gauntlet.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: Ted, you get working on the draft.
text: Sorensen and Bobby rise as one, head for the doors.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: And make sure he knows we have to have
dialog: an answer tomorrow.
dialog: (beat, final)
dialog: Because on Monday we begin military
dialog: action against Cuba.
text: Bobby and Kenny exchange a look.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST WING DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: A LONG SHOT: Bobby emerges from the West Wing in his
text: overcoat, briefcase in hand. He pauses, tiny, alone. The
text: West Wing - and all its imposing spotlit power behind him -
text: reduced to this insignificant man on his eleventh-hour
dialog: mission.
text: And then, out of the shadows, in the f.g., steps Kenny in his
text: own coat, his breath frosting in the late-night air. Bobby
text: sees him, and knows he is not so alone anymore.
text: ON THE DRIVEWAY
text: They meet in front of the limo. Bobby stops, shuffles his
dialog: things, awkward.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What do you want? A good-bye kiss?
text: Kenny opens the driver's side door. The Secret Service LIMO
text: DRIVER peers out.
speaker_heading: LIMO DRIVER
dialog: Hey, Kenny.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Hey, Joe. Listen, I'll take care of
dialog: him. Go ahead in, grab some coffee.
dialog: We'll be back pretty quick.
speaker_heading: LIMO DRIVER
dialog: You sure?
text: Kenny's nod and look -- there's no arguing. The Limo Driver
text: hops out, and Kenny gets in. Bobby stands there outside for
text: a beat. He tries to hide how touched he is, but can't
dialog: completely.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: What's the matter with you? Forget how
dialog: to open a car door?
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S LIMO - NIGHT
text: Bobby recovers, opens his own door, gets in the front seat
text: next to Kenny.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Jesus, you rich people.
text: Kenny starts up the engine. Bobby smiles a twisted smile.
text: As the car pulls away, the two men sit in silence, neither
text: willing to admit how glad the other is there.
scene_heading: EXT. PENNSYLVANIA AVE. - NIGHT
text: The limo wheels out into the street, carrying the two friends
text: into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S LIMO - NIGHT
text: Bobby stares out the window at the passing city, the lights
text: the lives behind those windows. As the car drives on and on,
text: the tension returns. Bobby feels the weight of all those
text: lives. On him. A long beat. He gazes at Kenny, the only
dialog: man he could ever admit this to:
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I don't know if I can do this.
text: Kenny glances over at him. Bobby stares back.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: There's nobody else I'd rather have
dialog: going in there.
text: Bobby looks at him.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Nobody else I'd trust Helen and the
dialog: kids' lives to.
text: Kenny means it. He looks away. Bobby shifts, awkward.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Take a left.
text: Kenny looks him. This isn't the way to the Justice
text: Department. But he complies.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: We gave so much to get here. I don't
dialog: know. Sometimes I think what the hell
dialog: did we do it for?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Because we knew we could do a better job
dialog: than everyone else.
text: And Bobby, in the silence and closeness of the car, turns on
text: Kenny - anguished, knowing his life is at its climax.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You know... I hate being called the
dialog: brilliant one. The ruthless one. They
dialog: guy who does the dirty work. The one
dialog: everybody's afraid of.
text: Kenny looks to him, moved, not knowing what to say.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I hate it. I'm not smart, you know.
dialog: And I'm not so ruthless.
text: He looks to Kenny, searching his face, then away,
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: You're right about the smart part, but
dialog: ruthless, well...
text: That breaks the tension as they arrive at the scene:
text: THROUGH THE WINDOW
text: Appears the grim, square lines of the SOVIET EMBASSY. Police
text: cars line the streets outside it. All the windows are dark.
text: A cordon of KGB GUARDS in plainclothes stand by the gated
text: entrance. On the opposite side of the street lounge two
text: dozen WASHINGTON D.C. POLICE.
speaker_heading: RESUME
text: Kenny gives Bobby a look. Bobby rolls down his window.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Slow down. Smell that?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Smoke.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Just wanted to see for myself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They're burning their documents.
dialog: The final duty of an embassy before war...
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: They think we're going to war. G-d help
dialog: us, Ken.
scene_heading: EXT. SOVIET EMBASSY - NIGHT
text: THE CAMERA lifts away from the limo, turning toward the
text: Embassy, past the Guards, past the brass plate which reads
text: EMBASSY OF THE UNITED SOVIET SOCIALIST REPUBLICS, up and up
text: to the roof where black, reeking SMOKE billows from all of
text: the Embassy's several chimneys.
text: The CAMERA races into it. It engulfs us all.
scene_heading: EXT. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Kenny squeals the limo up to the curb in front of the Justice
text: Department. The doors fly open, and Kenny and Bobby jump
text: out, head up the steps to the building.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OUTSIDE BOBBY'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Bobby's STAFFERS greet them as they stride down the hall,
text: Staffer #1 taking Bobby's coat.
speaker_heading: STAFFER #1
dialog: Sir, Ambassador Dobrynin is already
dialog: here. We have him waiting in your
dialog: office.
text: They reach the double oak doors to Bobby's suite and stop.
text: Bobby faces Kenny.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: I'll whistle up some luck for you.
text: And before Kenny's eyes, all of Bobby's doubt vanishes. In
text: its place, a severe confidence. A grandeur Kenny has never
dialog: seen.
text: It makes Kenny pause. He beholds his best friend become a
text: man of the ages. And then Bobby SMOOTHLY opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S WAITING ROOM - NIGHT
text: And a DOOR SHUTS OC like a threshold of history. HOLD ON
text: Bobby's waiting room. Silent. Cavernous. Dim. Plush
text: carpet. Heavy drapes framing dark windows. And abandoned
text: secretary's desk. A row of sofas and chairs on either side
text: of the room. Two doorways, one at either end of the room.
text: A WOMAN sits in one of the chairs for visitors. Dressed in
text: gray. Prim. But beautiful. A secretary of some sort.
text: One of the double doors to the hall swings silently open.
text: Kenny glides in. He sees the other door shut at the far end
text: of the room. Kenny crashes in one of the chairs to wait.
text: HOLD ON THE SCENE, motionless, silent.
text: Kenny WHISTLES two notes. Stops. And then he begins to
text: WHISTLE the Irish tune, O'Donnell Aboo. He gets a bar into
text: it -- and there's a polite, soft COUGH.
text: Kenny stops. Then notices the Woman in gray across the room.
text: He didn't see her. It's dim over there. She looks at him,
text: expressionless.
text: The CAMERA FINDS: a pin on her lapel. A RED HAMMER AND
scene_heading: SICKLE.
text: Kenny reacts. Dobrynin's assistant? His opposite number? A
dialog: friend? Or more than a friend?
text: Here is the face of the enemy. Not a smile between them.
text: Kenny resumes his ease. And begins to WHISTLE again.
text: The haunting Irish song echoes in the vaulted ceiling,
text: filling the dim room. Strange, sad, beautiful. The woman
text: listens. And her face begins to soften.
text: Kenny stares at the dark, lonely windows, his SONG striving
text: to fill the empty room.
text: Kenny sinks deeper in the chair, his tune all-consuming...
text: and the Woman's voice breaks in. Kenny stops, looks over.
text: Her voice is tremulous and beautiful. Just a snatch of some
text: song in Russian. She stops, awkward.
text: Kenny stares. The Woman stares back. No smiles. But in
text: their eyes, they each see the other's fear, the other's
dialog: beauty, the other's humanity.
dialog: So this is the enemy.
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
dialog: Who are you?
text: Kenny glances to the door. He considers for a long moment.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: The friend.
text: Kenny breaks the gaze. He begins to whistle again. The
text: CAMERA drifts away, finding the far DOOR to the inner office,
text: Kenny's tune stronger, carrying with it hope...
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: ... to the other side of that DOOR. Dobrynin sits in a chair
text: opposite Bobby behind his desk. The room is equally dim.
text: And far more tense.
text: Silence. And then the FAINTEST STRAIN of O'Donnell Aboo.
text: Dobrynin glances briefly over his shoulder at the door.
text: But Bobby, unseen by Dobrynin, can't help the flicker of a
text: private smile. It's Kenny's presence, and Bobby is the
text: stronger for it. And then the tune is gone.
text: Bobby leans forward, cool, controlled, masterful.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Ambassador Dobrynin, we are aware that
dialog: at this moment your missiles in Cuba are
text: at the brink of operational readiness...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MISSILE SITE - CUBA - CONTINUOUS
text: Floodlights illuminate MISSILES, vertical on their erectors,
text: support VEHICLES, clustered across the man-made clearing.
text: Mask-wearing Technicians wave a FUEL TRUCK back to the
text: nearest missile. Clouds of toxic VAPOR rise from the others.
dialog: They've already been fueled.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (V.O.)
dialog: They are a vital threat to my country.
dialog: If launched, they would kill 80 million
dialog: Americans.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Dobrynin listens impassively, as is his professional duty.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: My brother, my friends, my countrymen
dialog: and I cannot and will not permit those
text: missiles to become operational.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I promise you that.
text: Dobrynin looks out the window. And then, pained, looks back
text: at Bobby.
speaker_heading: DOBRYNIN
dialog: Then I fear our two nations will go to
dialog: war. And I fear where war will lead us.
text: Bobby acknowledges him with a nod.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: If the missiles do not become
dialog: operational, if you remove the missiles,
dialog: then there will be no war.
dialog: (beat)
text: At this moment, the President is
dialog: accepting the terms of Secretary
dialog: Khruschev's letter of Friday night. If
dialog: the Soviet Union halts construction
text: immediately, removes the missiles, and
dialog: submits to U.N. inspection, the United
dialog: States will pledge to never invade Cuba
dialog: or aid others in that enterprise.
text: Dobrynin stares at Bobby. Stares hard.
speaker_heading: DOBRYNIN
dialog: If your Jupiter missiles in Turkey were
dialog: removed also, such an accommodation
dialog: could be reached.
text: The two men move their argument forward with the deliberation
dialog: and formality of chess masters.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (tired sounding)
dialog: The United States cannot agree to such
dialog: terms under threat. Any belief to the
dialog: contrary --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: -- was in error.
text: Dobrynin reels internally. The only sign on his face is a
text: slight tremor. Bobby looks up, registers the calculated
text: effect. And to Dobrynin's horror, the Russian believes:
speaker_heading: DOBRYNIN
dialog: You want war...
text: But not so fast. Bobby folds his hands. And he smoothly
text: goes from hard-ass brinksman to sensitive deal-maker.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: However, while there can be no quid pro
dialog: quo on this issue, the United States can
dialog: offer a private assurance.
text: Dobrynin holds his breath.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Our Jupiter missiles in Turkey are
dialog: obsolete, and have been scheduled for
dialog: withdrawal for some time. This
dialog: withdrawal should be completed within,
dialog: say, six months.
text: Dobrynin lets out his breath.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Of course, any public disclosure of this
dialog: assurance would negate the deal and
dialog: produce the most stringent denials from
dialog: our government.
text: Dobrynin grasps the move immediately, understanding the
text: ramifications. Still he hesitates a moment.
speaker_heading: DOBRYNIN
dialog: This private assurance represents the
dialog: word of the Highest Authority?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DOBRYNIN
dialog: And it can be relayed beyond Comrade
text: Khruschev's ears to the top circles of
dialog: my government
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Of course. Our pledge can be relayed to
dialog: any government official Secretary
text: Khruschev sees fit to satisfy.
dialog: Meaning this is the bone he can show the hard line. Dobrynin
text: struggles internally, knowing what Bobby has done, wanting to
text: hug him. It comes across as agitation.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: With the caveat that it is not made
dialog: public in any way, shape or form.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And we must have an answer tomorrow at
dialog: the latest. I cannot stress this point
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: DOBRYNIN
dialog: Tomorrow...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Tomorrow...
text: Dobrynin rises from his chair. Bobby rises with him.
speaker_heading: DOBRYNIN
dialog: Then you must excuse me and permit me to
dialog: relay the substance of our discussion to
dialog: my superiors.
text: Dobrynin heads for the door. Half way there he turns back to
text: Bobby, deeply moved. Deeply grateful.
speaker_heading: DOBRYNIN (CONT'D)
dialog: We have heard stories that some among
dialog: your military men wish for war.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You are a good man. Your brother is a
dialog: good man. I assure you there are other
dialog: good men. Let us hope the will of good
dialog: men is enough to counter the terrible
dialog: strength of this thing which has been
text: put in motion.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Kenny enters the Oval Office through his side door. The
text: office is dark, only the desk lamp on. Kenny's gaze moves
text: over the trappings of power: the carpet with the Presidential
text: Seal, the rocking chair by the fireplace, the desk.
text: And on the desk, tucked almost out of sight, sits a small,
text: humble wooden plaque. It's turned to face the occupant of
text: the chair behind the desk. Kenny reaches out, turns it
text: around. It is the Breton's Fisherman's Prayer.
text: It reads: OH LORD, THY SEA IS GREAT, MY BOAT SO SMALL.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (O.S.)
dialog: We're out here.
text: Kenny holds on the plaque a beat, and looks up at the open
text: French door to the Rose Garden. The curtains swirl around
text: him in the wind as he goes through the door and out --
scene_heading: EXT. PORTICO - CONTINUOUS
text: -- onto the portico. Standing there in the dark, by the
text: white neoclassical pillars of the cloister, are Bobby and the
text: President. They're holding drinks. Kenny joins them.
text: The President gestures out across the South Lawn to the
text: gleaming Washington Monument.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: We were just debating who had it worse,
dialog: us or George Washington and his guys.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: He didn't have to worry about nuclear
dialog: weapons.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Yeah, but the country didn't even exist
dialog: as a country yet. It was a mess, and he
dialog: didn't have a leg to stand on.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: All he had was his character.
text: The President and Bobby nod at the justice of that remark.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: How does a guy get a rep like that?
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Doesn't matter to me. If I went down in
dialog: history like Adams, I'd die happy. All
dialog: they say about him today is --
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: -- he kept the peace.
text: Kenny looks at the President. The President feels it, and
text: gazes back to him.
text: The three of them stare out at the glittering city. The
text: grandness of the world lies before them, and they are
text: deciding its fate, and are humbled by the awfulness of it.
text: The silence is beyond power.
text: And for a long moment, they know not to disturb it. There is
text: nothing left to say. The President, at last, finishes his
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: You know, we never did control it. Not
dialog: really. Not like we think.
text: He looks at Kenny. Kenny nods. He knows that now too.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: But we did our best. Now it's up to
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. O'DONNELL DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: Kenny's limo pulls away, leaving Kenny, coat in hand, at the
text: bottom of his driveway. He watches it go, silently urging it
text: to return for him with some call from the President telling
text: him he's desperately needed. But it doesn't.
text: He turns to his house. The lights are all out.
text: He notices he's CLUTCHING the handle of his briefcase. His
text: knuckles are white. With conscious effort, he unfolds his
text: hand, letting the briefcase drop on the driveway.
text: He stands alone, stripped of his friends, his family, his
text: job... and in that moment, mute, impotent in the shadow of
dialog: Armageddon, Kenny is our Everyman of the Nuclear Age.
scene_heading: INT. O'DONNELL KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Helen stands in the kitchen, a ghostly white figure in her
text: robe, the windows open and curtain flapping as she breathes
text: the air. Kenny enters. He stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I saw you out there. You want him to
dialog: call you back, need you.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: No. I'm glad I'm home.
dialog: And she knows the worst.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: How long do we have?
text: Kenny's voice breaks.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: If the sun rises in the morning, it is
dialog: only because of men of goodwill.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And that's all there is between us and
dialog: the Devil.
text: They take each other in their arms, the wisdom of the atomic
text: age so simple, so tenuous, every human life hanging by such a
text: thread... yet a thread so powerful. The CAMERA RISES FROM
text: THEM, finding the OPEN WINDOW and the DARKNESS.
scene_heading: INT. O'DONNELL BEDROOM - DAWN
text: The RED DOME OF NUCLEAR FIRE rising over Washington. It
text: roils the air in its expanding, blood-red glory.
text: It is the sun. The dawn in the East.
text: PULL BACK THROUGH THE OPEN WINDOW.
scene_heading: SUPER: SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28TH. DAY 13
text: into Kenny and Helen's bedroom. And silence. Kenny and
text: Helen lie together on the bed. The light burns into Kenny's
text: half-shut eye. Kenny is only dimly conscious of the light's
text: meaning. Until the PHONE SHRILLS downstairs.
text: Kenny is instantly up, launched out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. O'DONNELL KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Kenny snatches the RED PHONE from its hook.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: BOBBY (O.S.)
text: Kenny. It's over.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. STEPHEN'S CHURCH - DAY
text: THE CHURCH BELLS TOLL in raucous celebration. Kenny, Helen
text: and the five O'DONNELL KIDS join the throng packing through
text: the doors to the church. They're all smiling except Kenny
text: who searches fro faces in the CROWD.
text: And then he spots Bobby with his FAMILY. Bobby grins at him.
text: That makes Kenny grin back.
speaker_heading: RADIO MOSCOW (O.S.)
dialog: This is Radio Moscow. Moscow calling.
text: But Kenny keeps looking.
speaker_heading: RADIO MOSCOW (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: The following statement is the text of a
dialog: letter from General Secretary Khruschev
dialog: to President Kennedy.
text: Kenny spots him emerging from the Presidential limo,
text: surrounded by Secret Service Agents - John Kennedy. His
text: FAMILY also is with him.
speaker_heading: RADIO MOSCOW (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ...I regard with respect and trust the
dialog: statement you made in your message of 27
dialog: October 1962 that there would be no
dialog: attack, no invasion of Cuba, and not
dialog: only the part of the United States, but
dialog: also on the part of the Western
dialog: Hemisphere, as you said in your same
dialog: message. Then the motives which induced
dialog: us to render assistance of such a kind
dialog: to Cuba disappear...
text: Kennedy, greeting well-wishers, a brilliant smile on his
text: face, is carried through the crowd toward Kenny and the doors
dialog: of the church.
speaker_heading: RADIO MOSCOW (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ...it is for this reason that we have
dialog: instructed our officers - these
dialog: missiles, as I already informed you are
text: in the hands of Soviet officers to take
dialog: appropriate measures to discontinue
dialog: construction, dismantle them, and return
dialog: them to the Soviet Union.
scene_heading: EXT. MISSILE SITE - CUBA - DAY
text: the base has been half-dismantled over night. Fuel trucks
text: pull away, lumping down the makeshift dirt road. Across the
text: site missiles are lowered, their nose cones being removed.
text: A MISSILE on its transporter, Technicians crawling all over
text: it, COVERING IT with a tarp.
text: A massive Soviet Helicopter's rotors thunder as it lifts off,
text: cargo crates swaying under it, a CLOUD OF DUST FROM ITS WASH
text: FILLING THE SCREEN, WIPING US TO:
scene_heading: INT. CABINET ROOM - DAY
text: EXCOM laughing, celebrating, half-drunk already this Sunday
text: morning. The President shushes the group.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Hey! Hey. Okay, that's enough.
text: The group quiets down. The Presidents stares at them, calm,
text: firm. They sober up quickly. Kenny listens, expectant.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't want any gloating. This is not
dialog: a victory over the Soviets. It's a
dialog: victory with the Soviets.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want everyone to remember that.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING HALLWAY - DAY
text: Kenny rounds a corner. McNamara, Bundy and McCone are
text: talking, excited, hushed, standing to one side, down the
text: hall. Kenny eyes them as he draws closer, and then they
text: notice he's approaching. Bundy nods him over, confidential.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: We've been talking. We can play this
dialog: big in '64. It's the foreign policy
dialog: trophy we've been waiting.
text: Kenny sickens. He tries to listen, but it all begins to
dialog: blur.
speaker_heading: BUNDY (CONT'D)
dialog: I think we can ride it all the way home
dialog: next election. Bet you're way ahead of
dialog: us, eh?
text: Bundy slaps Kenny on the back. Kenny is pale. Is what
dialog: they're saying possible? But Bundy and McCone are too
text: wrapped up in their schemes to notice Kenny's distress.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: We've ordered crash reassessment of our
dialog: major geopolitical hotspots. We've got
dialog: a lot of new clout, and we can run the
dialog: table on the Soviets. Middle East,
dialog: Southeast Asia...
text: And Kenny, sad, moved beyond all pity and loathing, realizes
text: it is possible. They haven't gotten it. He is speechless,
text: helplessly shaking his head. Bundy finally sees something
dialog: isn't right with him.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: What's wrong, O'Donnell?
text: Kenny can't speak. Can't find the words. But tongue-tied
dialog: finally manages:
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Don't you understand?
text: McNamara and Bundy look at him funny.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: Understand what?
text: Kenny just looks at them, eyes filled with sorrow. They
text: begin to feel uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: The sun came up today.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: It shouldn't have. But it did.
speaker_heading: MCCONE
dialog: We were lucky we were able to keep it
text: under control.
text: Kenny looks away, unable to bear it.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Every day the sun comes up... says
dialog: something about us.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: Says what, Kenny?
text: Kenny looks back at them.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Something... amazing.
text: They just stare at him. And with secret smiles, superior
text: smiles, they nod.
speaker_heading: MCNAMARA
dialog: Sure, Ken. I understand. Feels good to
dialog: win, doesn't it?
text: But they don't understand, and together turn away.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: See you later, Kenny.
text: Kenny watches them, heads bowed in discussion, disappear into
text: the labyrinth of the West Wing. Kenny turns his back on
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENT'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: The President stands at his mirror, tying a bow tie to a tux
text: for some Sunday special event. Kenny gathers up his folder
text: from nearby breakfast table.
text: Kenny meets the President's gaze in the mirror, and the two
text: men know they have been to the same mountaintop.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: Kenny...
text: A beat. Kenny stands straight, ready for action, ready for
text: some necessary thing. Ready to go back into the game.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: ...never mind. See you around, Kenny.
text: Kenny starts to leave, but at the door, turns back.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: You know...
text: The President looks at him in the mirror.
speaker_heading: KENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: ...this was what we're here for.
text: The President smiles an ever-so-faint smile. Kenny turns and
text: leaves the room, vanishing, and as we HOLD on the empty
text: doorway, the simple, whistled melody of O'DONNELL ABOO drifts
text: from the hallway beyond, becoming our END MUSIC.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: SUPER:
dialog: Shortly after the crisis President Kennedy ordered a
text: reassessment of U.S.-Soviet relations, ushering a brief thaw
dialog: in the Cold War. During this time, the Washington-Moscow
dialog: hotline was installed to ensure that in a future crisis,
dialog: miscommunication would not lead to nuclear war.
dialog: The President was assassinated on November 22nd, a year after
dialog: the crisis ended.
speaker_heading: THE SUPER:
dialog: Bobby Kennedy ran for president in 1968. After winning the
dialog: California primary, he called Kenny from the Ambassador Hotel
dialog: in Los Angeles and told him, "I finally feel like I'm out
dialog: from under my brother's shadow."
text: Bobby was assassinated minutes later.
speaker_heading: THEN SUPER:
dialog: The members of EXCOM continued to serve with distinction in
dialog: government in various capacities over the next three decades.
dialog: As Lyndon Johnson's Secretary of Defense, Robert McNamara
dialog: urged containment of the Soviet threat in every theatre of
dialog: conflict around the world. He ultimately advised President
dialog: Johnson to increase the U.S. military commitment to one of
dialog: these minor backwater conflicts: Vietnam.
scene_heading: AND FINALLY SUPER:
text: Kenny O'Donnell witnessed the President's assassination from
text: the car behind. He went on to head the Peace Platform at the
dialog: 1968 Democratic National Convention, fighting to end the
dialog: Vietnam War. He died in 1977.
dialog: 
