scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS
dialog: by
dialog: Neal Marshall Stevens
dialog: based on the screenplay by
dialog: Robb White
dialog: previous revisions by
dialog: Todd Alcott
dialog: Todd Alcott and Neal Marshall Stevens
dialog: Richard D'Ovidio
dialog: Richard D'Ovidio and James Gunn
dialog: current revision by
dialog: Richard D'Ovidio
scene_heading: REVISED PRODUCTION DRAFT
dialog: November 4, 2000
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00
scene_heading: BLACKNESS. SUPERIMPOSE: "The most beautiful thing we
dialog: can experience is the mysterious." - Albert Einstein
dialog: Then: "I do believe in spooks. I do believe in spooks.
dialog: I do, I do, I do believe in spooks." - The Cowardly Lion
speaker_heading: TITLES
text: Abstract images begin to form. They move beneath the
text: titles, brilliant against the darkness, the ghost-like
text: apparitions fighting a current as if caught in the
text: whirlwind of time.
text: Our IMAGE SHARPENS. The apparitions are no longer there.
text: Instead, police tape comes INTO FOCUS, the seemingly
text: miles of it entangled on stacks of derelict cars that
text: fill the void. The tape dances before us, undulating to
text: a macabre rhythm, floating on the nocturnal winds. We
speaker_heading: PAN.
text: An auto wrecking yard at midnight. Empty, yet occupied.
text: Light slowly INVADES the FRAME, filling in the wrecking
text: yard's cavernous shadows. A distant ROAR announces
text: itself above the SOUNDTRACK, the earth POUNDING CLAMOR
text: AMPLIFYING in with every second.
text: As if searching for its source, CAMERA PIVOTS AROUND.
text: Instantly, we find ourselves caught in the glare of
text: headlights, and we've just enough time to make out the
text: semi truck before it plows through the yard's chain link
text: gate, shattering it like so much glass, the truck heading
text: directly AT CAMERA, running it over as if it weren't
dialog: there.
scene_heading: EXT. AUTO GRAVEYARD - NIGHT
text: BOOMING UP and OVER the fence, the yard is a veritable
text: maze of old, rusted cars, piled up helter skelter, frozen
text: in time. Broken glass, mangled engine parts, garbage and
text: litter... along with hundreds of spent shell casings, are
text: scattered in the dirt.
text: A caravan of UTILITY VEHICLES ROARS in behind the semi,
text: the convoy making a bead for the center of the yard.
text: Picking up the rear is a black Rolls-Royce Phantom II.
text: As they turn the last corner, the first thing we see are
text: “unearthly” flares. Dozens of them, bright as hell,
text: lighting up the middle of the graveyard.
text: The CARS come SKIDDING to a stop. Dust swirls.
scene_heading: EXT. ROLLS-ROYCE
text: The rear door opens, and CYRUS KRITICOS, 50s, wealthy,
text: immaculately dressed, not a hair out of place, steps out.
text: His hand rests on a shiny, silver-headed cane. He
text: surveys the flares, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
text: Their little crusade is wearing
dialog: thin.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN (0.S.)
dialog: I'll give them this... they are
dialog: consistent.
text: Stepping out next is DENNIS RAFKIN, 20s, unshaven,
text: jittery. He holds his head in his hands, massaging his
text: temples, obviously in pain.
dialog: (NOTE: Whenever we cut to Rafkin we hear/sense a
text: piercing tone, underscoring the psychic waves he's
dialog: receiving.)
text: Cyrus produces a thin, brown designer cigarette from a
text: silver case. Taps it as he speaks.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: As cancer...
dialog: (lights his cigarette)
dialog: Never bet against human nature,
dialog: Dennis. You'll always lose.
text: Behind him, Rafkin suddenly lurches forward, racked by
text: spasms. Cyrus turns, with slight concern --
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Is it bad tonight?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (coughing, shaking)
dialog: Bad is one way of describing it,
dialog: but somehow...
dialog: (wiping his sweaty
dialog: forehead)
dialog: ... insane seems more appropriate.
text: Rafkin doubles over in pain. Dry heaves.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (recovering)
dialog: It's my professional opinion that
dialog: we get the hell out of here. Now.
text: Two of Cyrus's team, dressed in assault gear, make their
dialog: way over.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 3.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (ignoring Rafkin,
dialog: re: flares)
dialog: Noted. Clean this place up, and
dialog: locate our guests.
text: Cyrus snaps his fingers. An ASSISTANT steps forward
text: with a large photo.
text: When Cyrus turns around, he catches Rafkin gulping down
text: prescription drugs. Cyrus strikes the bottle out of
text: Rafkin's hand with his cane. Pink medicine runs down
text: Rafkin's face as he turns with rage.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Come on, Cyrus, I gotta take the
dialog: edge off.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: You know the routine. First
dialog: things first. Now where is he?
text: Cyrus holds it in the limo headlights; an aerial photo
text: of the graveyard. Rafkin, closing his eyes, reaches
text: out towards the photo with one hand, then touches the
text: earth with the other. A silent moment.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Where?
text: Then a huge spark arcs between the psychic and the
text: ground. Rafkin jolts back, as if shocked.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Sweet Jesus, Cyrus, there's got to
dialog: be over forty victims here! I
dialog: thought you said this guy killed
dialog: twenty people.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Twenty when he was alive. He's
dialog: added a few more since then.
dialog: Now where's the Breaker, Dennis?
text: Rafkin ignores the photo, and points at a spot deep
text: inside the auto graveyard. Cyrus grabs a headset from
dialog: the Assistant.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: All teams go to alpha. I
dialog: repeat!--
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 4.
scene_heading: EXT. AUTO GRAVEYARD - NIGHT
text: Teams of men pile out of the vehicles. The back of the
text: semi is opened, revealing racks of remote-operated
dialog: amplifiers.
text: Others unload inch-thick, eight-foot-square sheets of
text: glass, rimmed with aluminum pipe, and inscribed with
dialog: ancient text.
text: The glass sheets are assembled to form a large cube.
text: Arrays of flood lamps illuminate the canyons of the
text: wrecking yard in stark white.
text: One side of the cube remains open... allowing entry
text: and -- ready to come down in theory, and close the
text: improvised "mousetrap."
text: Rafkin walks up behind Cyrus, still massaging his
dialog: temples.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Where'd he get a name like the Breaker
dialog: anyway? He a truck driver?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: It's simply folklore at work.
text: The local color exorcising its
dialog: demons...
text: Just then, a hideous HOWL ECHOES through the night --
text: part human, part God-knows-what. Everyone stops.
text: Rafkin swallows hard. Tosses away the empty prescription
text: drugs bottle, then opens an extra-large jar of aspirin,
text: pops a few into his mouth, crunches them like mints.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: «++. Or maybe it's because he broke
dialog: his victims into as many pieces as
dialog: possible.
dialog: (exhaling smoke)
dialog: Who's to say...?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Cute...
text: A shrill cacophony of METAL AND GLASS erupts from the
text: maze of the graveyard. A large, dense object flies out
text: of the darkness and crashes down in front of them in a
text: cloud of dust.
text: It's a crushed car. Cyrus sighs...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: I hate being rushed.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Cyrus, this one ain't like the
dialog: others...
dialog: (off the teams)
dialog: Do they know what we're up
dialog: against?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: These men are well paid. That's
dialog: all they need to know.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: But this is suicide...
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Then I'll match their price... and
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: You don't have that kind of money.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: You'd be surprised... now get to
dialog: work.
text: This takes Rafkin by surprise. He turns, taking a step
text: towards Cyrus. Cyrus backs up, his cane instantly at
text: Rafkin's chest, keeping him distant. Rafkin becomes
dialog: suspicious.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: What are you hiding, old man?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Careful, Dennis, curiosity killed
dialog: the cat.
speaker_heading: DAMON (0.S.)
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch!
text: They both turn to see four team members dragging an
text: attractive man and woman, DAMON QUINTEROS and KALINA
text: ORETZIA, over to Cyrus. Damon's a handsome chap with
text: a righteous fire in his eyes. Kalina, his lover, is
text: equally fiery, late 20s, tough and sexy. She cradles
text: in her arms an ancient book.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: How can you possibly justify what
dialog: you're doing, Cyrus? It's out and
dialog: out slavery.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 6.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Aw, jeezus, here we go again.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
text: Damon Quinteros and Kalina Oretzia.
dialog: Every time I hunt must I scrape
dialog: you off the bottom of my shoes?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: These aren't animals you're
dialog: trapping! They're human beings!
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Why don't you guys go join
dialog: Greenpeace or throw blood on the
dialog: old ladies' fur coats, for Christ's
dialog: sake... we have business.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: (to Cyrus)
dialog: Bastard! Who are you to play
dialog: God?!
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Playing's for children. I'm
dialog: going to be God.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: You'll never pull it off! Not
dialog: without the right spells. That
dialog: and the thirteenth ghost!
text: Rafkin turns, alarmed.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Thirteenth?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Get them out of my sight. We've
dialog: wasted enough time as it is.
text: The team straps Damon and Kalina to some car wreckage.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT (V.O.)
dialog: (on headphones)
dialog: All teams in position, Mr.
dialog: Kriticos.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Excellent... set up the transmitters.
text: Cyrus turns away from them as he slips on a pair of
text: ghost glasses. The rest of the team around the
dialog: graveyard do so as well.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 7.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Cyrus starts to climb a wall of cars for a better view
dialog: of his battlefield.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Wait a minute! The Breaker's number
dialog: twelve! You said we needed twelve!
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Yes, and then one more. I
dialog: thought you were psychic.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: You know it doesn't work like
dialog: that --
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF CAR PILE
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: We haven't got the time to
dialog: argue...
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: Now bring in the bait!
text: Nearby, a silver tanker rolls into the canyon of cars.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: We never needed bait before --
speaker_heading: ON CYRUS
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Insurance. I can't afford to lose
dialog: this one.
scene_heading: EXT. AUTO GRAVEYARD - NIGHT
text: A TEAM MEMBER opens the truck's valve: Huge streams
text: of blood gush out from both sides, via two nozzles,
text: flooding the area around the cube. Rafkin's jaw drops.
text: ON Cyrus, smiling.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Power up the cube!
text: Somewhere a switch is thrown and the cube lights up. The
text: symbols etched on its surfaces glow a brilliant green.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 8.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Base. Start transmitting.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN (V.O.)
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: But we haven't recalled the teams
dialog: yet. They'll be stuck out there
dialog: with --
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Just start the transmission!
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: You heard the man. Start
dialog: broadcasting the spells --
text: Another tech flips a switch, rolling a reel-to-reel deck.
text: We BOOM OUT the door TO the antenna, and hear a HIGH-
text: FREQUENCY WHINE, mixed with the sound of repetitive
text: CHANTING. Spells being read, over and over in Latin.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTER OF AUTO GRAVEYARD
text: Deep inside, at the sound of the CHANTING, there comes
text: another ungodly HOWL, angrier than before.
speaker_heading: WITH TEAMS
text: Along the perimeter, placing the amplifiers, shock
text: instantly registers with the teams when they realize the
text: transmission has begun, leaving them exposed.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF CAR PILE
text: Somewhere near Cyrus there's an angry HOWL. Cyrus turns
text: and looks out over the auto graveyard, smiling.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Come out, come out, wherever you
dialog: are...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 10
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 9
speaker_heading: TEAM TWO LEADER (V.O.)
dialog: (on headset)
dialog: We've got movement, Cyrus, heading
dialog: south --
text: We hear a CRASH of METAL and, on the headset, a confusion
text: of SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: WITH RAFKIN
text: The screams of the men fill the air.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Christ, Cyrus... what have you
dialog: done?
text: Off to the side, Damon and Kalina strain against the
dialog: ropes.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Dennis, listen! He's not telling
dialog: you the whole story! His spells
dialog: won't work with this one. They're
dialog: not strong enough. Trust me on
dialog: this... I know... Trust me.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Listen to him, Dennis. He knows
text: what he's talking about.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Sorry, guys... I'm just here for
dialog: the paycheck.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER PART OF AUTO GRAVEYARD 10
text: We see another team race down an alley. They turna
text: corner. One of them slips on something wet. He gets
text: up, realizes he's slipped in the unravelled remains of
dialog: one of Team Two.
speaker_heading: TEAM MEMBER
dialog: Oh, shit...
speaker_heading: TEAM MEMBER #2
dialog: (looks over partner's
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Mother of...
text: His partner turns as a great shape looms...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 10
text: Abruptly, something reaches down and snatches a team
text: member up and OUT OF FRAME. His partner glances back,
text: sees his friend yanked up a wall of cars, then into the
text: wreckage.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF CAR PILE - CONTINUOUS ACTION 11
text: An explosion of blood spatters from inside the broken
text: windshield. A hand struggles against the glass. A
text: friend dies a horrific death.
scene_heading: EXT. ACROSS FROM PILE OF CARS - CONTINUOUS ACTION 12
text: As HIDEOUS SCREAMS fill the air, the Team Member turns
text: and starts climbing the other side. Rafkin rounds a
text: turn, sees the Team Member climbing up the wall of cars.
text: The Team Member looks back as they approach.
speaker_heading: TEAM MEMBER #3
dialog: Run! It's right behind me --
text: Suddenly, a SQUEAL of METAL as something invisible
text: reaches through the grill of the car and grabs the Team
text: Member by the waist. He screams as he is folded over,
text: backwards, and yanked into the grill of the car.
text: Rafkin rushes toward him.
text: We hear BONES BREAK as the Team Member screams.
text: The Breaker, unseen on the far side of the heap of cars,
text: yanks on his victim, over and over, smashing the Team
text: Member's chin against the grill, trying to pull him
dialog: through.
text: Rafkin does the best he can to pull the man free, but it
text: seems hopeless. The man screams and screams.
text: Abruptly, Rafkin's efforts seem, at last, to work. With
text: a mighty tug, he tumbles back and falls to the ground.
text: Looks down and sees that he holds only the man's foot.
text: The wall of cars begins to move before Rafkin. He leaps
text: just as the wall comes crashing down.
text: Rafkin scrambles and runs full bore back the way he came.
text: He looks back, speaks into his mike:
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Cyrus, the spells aren't working!
dialog: He's tearing this place apart!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 12
speaker_heading: CYRUS (V.O.)
dialog: (on headset)
dialog: Calm down.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: You calm down! The son-of-a-bitch
dialog: is throwing cars at me!
speaker_heading: CYRUS (V.O.)
dialog: (on headset)
dialog: History has no time for cowards,
dialog: Mr. Rafkin.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: History's all we're gonna be in
dialog: about two seconds!
scene_heading: EXT. AUTO GRAVEYARD - WITH RAFKIN 13
text: Rafkin turns a corner and runs past two team members
text: heading in the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Hey, goddamnit, you're running
dialog: the wrong way!
text: They don't slow down.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Amateurs...
text: Rafkin turns a corner and realizes why the team members
text: were running this way. A car at the end of this alley is
text: tipped up on its bumper, its undercarriage facing them,
text: and is moving toward them, fast.
text: Rafkin and another team member, deeper in the alley, hear
text: the HOWL of the Breaker behind the floating car.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Jesus H. Christ! Run!!
text: Rafkin runs, but the team member doesn't, stunned by the
text: sight, remains frozen. Suddenly the car stops -- and
text: lifts straight up into the air over him.
scene_heading: TEAM MEMBER'S POV - THROUGH GHOST VISION GLASSES
text: The Breaker comes INTO CLEAR VIEW for a fraction of a
text: second. He's huge, seven feet tall, acromegalic, the
text: bones beneath the skin swollen and distorted.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 13
text: He stares with burning eyes above a huge distended jaw.
text: He wears, prosaically, a filthy tattered garage uniform,
text: his name stitched above the pocket. His face, chest
text: and arms are pockmarked with bullet holes dating from
text: his untimely death.
text: He takes the car that he holds overhead and slams it
text: down. The team member dodges out of the way, but the
text: Breaker picks up the car again and slams it down again,
text: squashing him. And then, again. And then, for good
dialog: measure, once again.
scene_heading: EXT. AUTO GRAVEYARD - WITH RAFKIN 14
text: Rafkin tears down the alleyway. He turns a corner just
text: as the wall behind him collapses.
text: He's looking down a passage filled with team members,
text: with the cube serving as its plug: a dead end. It seems
text: the Breaker has everyone trapped, instead of vice versa.
text: Everyone runs toward the cube, splashing through pools of
dialog: blood.
speaker_heading: BREAKER'S POV
text: The team members and Rafkin scatter before us.
text: Men climb up the walls of wreckage as the invisible
text: Breaker plows through, sending men flying high into the
text: air. Rafkin slams hard against the wall, drops to the
dialog: ground.
scene_heading: EXT. GLASS CUBE 15
text: A team member runs, looks over his shoulder at the
text: pursuing Breaker. He doesn't see where he's going and
text: runs straight against a blood-splashed glass wall.
text: He's blundered into the glass cube. In an instant, the
text: Breaker's inside with him.
text: His entry trips an unseen switch. The final glass wall
text: slides down, sealing the cube. As it does, the howling,
text: and the team member's screams, drop to silence.
dialog: Inside the cube, something awful happens, but we can't
text: see through the smears of blood.
text: Rafkin regains his senses, scrambles towards the cube.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 15
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: No! Oh, Christ, no --
text: Inside the cube, the Breaker turns, realizes he's been
text: trapped, launches himself at the bloody sheet of glass,
text: presses his face to it, howls.
text: Rafkin recoils as the Breaker pounds at the glass. With
text: each ghostly blow, the symbol glows red, but the
text: glass seems to have the power to contain the force: it
dialog: holds.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Oh, that piss you off, does it?
dialog: You know what pisses me off? A
dialog: dead_guy throwing Buicks at me!
text: Rafkin eyes the horror, then tugs off his glasses. The
text: Breaker disappears.
text: Rafkin collapses in exhaustion.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: I gotta hand it to you, Cyrus, the
dialog: bait worked. You got your dozen
dialog: now. Happy?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Cyrus?
speaker_heading: KALINA (0.S.)
dialog: (screaming, desperate)
dialog: Help! Somebody, please! Oh God!
scene_heading: EXT. AUTO GRAVEYARD - TANKER - MOMENTS LATER 16
text: Rafkin rounds a pile of cars, and sees...
text: Kalina, on the ground, holding a dying Damon in her arms.
text: His throat has been slit, and Kalina holds her hand over
text: the gash, trying to keep him from dying.
text: But it's no use... he dies. Kalina sobs. Rafkin's in
text: awe, perhaps ashamed.
text: Rafkin turns nervously away. And there, he sees Cyrus's
text: Assistant lying, dead, bloody and broken. And beyond him,
dialog: lies Cyrus himself.
text: Cyrus's neck has been pierced by a long, metal shard. His
text: eyes stare, cold and dead. Rafkin brings his hands to
text: his head, distraught, almost weepy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 16
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Cyrus... oh, man... look at you...
dialog: There goes my bonus.
text: Suddenly, someone grabs his arm, and spins him around.
text: It's Kalina. She's sobbing and shaking Cyrus's glasses
text: in Rafkin's face.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Was it worth it? Huh? Playing
dialog: God! Was it...?
text: OFF Rafkin's shell-shocked look, we PAN OVER to see the
text: ghost of one of the techs, ripped apart and bloody,
text: studying the scene.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LARGE BEDROOM - MORNING 17
text: A bright, sunny day...
text: THROUGH a glass window we see and hear two children out
text: playing in the yard. A Norman Rockwell, picture-perfect
dialog: setting...
text: A young boy and a teenage girl romp in the grass, then up
text: to the window steps a beautiful woman, fresh from the
text: garden. It's obvious she's the mother of these two.
text: Over the giggling of the kids she smiles at ARTHUR
text: KRITICOS, 50, sitting inside his bedroom, in a very
text: comfortable chair, taking in his family with pride.
text: We PAN TO Arthur as he smiles, content...
text: A sharp KNOCK on the bedroom door breaks the mood, and
text: Arthur turns. Our UNCUT CAMERA CONTINUES TO PAN TO the
text: door. As it does, it SWEEPS ACROSS a desk decorated with
text: family photos, one of which is the woman at the window.
text: CAMERA CONTINUES TO the door, where we notice the wall
text: and door around KATHY, Arthur's 21-year-old daughter, has
text: somehow aged from the pristine room we thought we were
text: in. Kathy sticks her head in. Pretty if she ever had
text: time to fix her hair, clad in a University of Calumny
text: sweatshirt. She stirs a pan of burnt scrambled eggs.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Dad... it's almost eight-thirty...
dialog: shake a leg. You'll miss your
dialog: first class. And could you tell
dialog: Maggie to get the hell out of the
text: bathroom. She had her five
text: minutes twenty minutes ago.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 17
text: The door slams shut again. Our UNCUT CAMERA CONTINUES TO
text: PAN AROUND the room. As it does, the walls begin to age
text: drastically, pictures disappearing, books vanishing from
text: their shelves. The room, and all its promise, simply slips
text: away. By the time we GET TO the bed, we notice only one
text: side is occupied. The other lies fallow.
text: Our UNCUT CAMERA RETURNS TO Arthur, who sits, unshaven,
text: in a decrepit chair, staring out at the brick wall lying
text: just outside the window, not ten feet from him. Gone is
text: the world he knew, the beauty of a home, the sounds of a
text: family laughing in the summertime heat. They are
text: replaced by the angry cacophony of the inner city
text: streets, its claustrophobic conditions, its hopeless
dialog: yoke.
text: Our CAMERA CONTINUES PAST Arthur, RETURNING TO the desk.
text: All are gone save one; the picture of his wife, which
text: sits charred and frameless, propped up against a stack of
dialog: bills.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER 18
text: Arthur comes out of the bathroom and beholds, in the
text: kitchenette of his small, cramped three-bedroom
dialog: apartment...
text: A blur of activity: Kathy cooks at the stove, his son
text: BOBBY, 7, eats a bowl of cereal at the kitchen table,
text: while scanning the obituary section of the newspaper. He
text: records the different, humorous deaths with a microphone
text: and a tape recorder.
text: In the b.g., on the TELEVISION, a black and white horror
text: movie drones on (the original Thirteen Ghosts).
text: The nanny, MAGGIE, 26, just gets in the way... wiping the
text: counter, pouring the OJ, setting the table. It's a very
dialog: disorganized way of doing things.
text: She's trying, sort of, but we can see from Kathy's body
text: language that she's at her wits' end with the woman.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Today on ‘Death in Manhattan This
dialog: Morning,' we notice a small leap
dialog: in heart attacks in the city,
dialog: cancer deaths are down. And we
dialog: have a special treat for
dialog: everyone!-- a body was found this
text: morning decapitulated,
dialog: decapilated, de--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: 18 CONTINUED: 18
text: Maggie cracks up. Kathy turns toward him, nonplussed.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Bobby. Find a healthier hobby.
text: Bobby shuts off the tape recorder, angry at the
dialog: interruption.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Kathy, I'm broadcasting!
text: Arthur enters, chipper.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: ‘Morning, everyone!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Dad, they found a guy without a
text: head in a dumpster behind Dunkin'
dialog: Donuts.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: That's nice.
text: Maggie ruffles Bobby's hair. Arthur pours himself a cup
text: of coffee, sidles up to Kathy.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Kathy, why don't you let Maggie
dialog: make breakfast? That's why I
dialog: hired her.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: (also sotto)
dialog: Have you tasted her cooking?
text: Kathy makes a gagging response while scooping eggs onto
text: the first of three places on the counter. He looks at
text: the eggs burned in effigy but continues smiling.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Dad, will you tell Kathy that
dialog: keeping a record of deaths is
dialog: healthy because it's in the
dialog: interest of science?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Kathy, it's healthy.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: She's being a real slut about it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 18
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 18
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Bobby, don't call your sister a
dialog: slut.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Thank you, Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: A term like 'bitch' would be more
dialog: appropriate. ‘Slut' is a term
dialog: reserved for those of loose sexual
dialog: morals, something, to be perfectly
dialog: frank, Kathy could use a bit more
dialog: of.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Ha. Ha.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Well, it's true, girl. When's the
dialog: last time you had a date?
text: Arthur pretends to not be disturbed by the conversation
text: around him, smiling and nodding.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Why are you smiling?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I'm pretending you're all
dialog: perfectly normal. It's working
dialog: pretty well, too...
text: Arthur turns toward the table, and holding a plate of
dialog: food and his coffee...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Hey, Edgar Allan Poe, you finish
dialog: your homework? Mr. Petersen tells
dialog: me you aren't --
text: ... trips on Bobby's scooter. The hot coffee spills all
text: over him. He falls back into the counter, knocking the
text: pan of eggs to the floor.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Jesus Christ, that's the third
dialog: time I tripped on that thing,
dialog: Bobby. Get it off the floor
text: before it kills someone.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: 18 CONTINUED: (3) 18
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: If we had a bigger place we
dialog: wouldn't have this problem!--
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (overhearing her)
dialog: Well, we don't have a bigger
dialog: place, so let's just keep our
dialog: stuff off the floor. Alright?
text: Arthur wipes off his pants, but it's just one big stain.
text: Suddenly, there's a BUZZ at the DOOR. Everyone goes
text: silent... Kathy looks to Arthur, who checks his watch.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Shit... I forgot, the lawyer.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: What lawyer?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I thought our credit was all cleaned
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: No, no. It's not that.
text: Arthur goes to the door, mopping his crotch.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Mr. Kriticos?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Brad Moss?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (outstretches his
dialog: hand)
dialog: Ben, yes, how do you do?
text: Arthur shakes his hand. Ben can't help but notice the
text: stain in Arthur's trousers.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Fine. Come in.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Now a good time?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Couldn't be better.
dialog: 19
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHENETTE - FEW MINUTES LATER 19
text: Everyone sits at the kitchen table. Bobby is dressed
text: for school, Arthur is changed. Ben sets up a laptop
dialog: computer.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: As you know, I represent the
dialog: estate of your Uncle Cyrus
dialog: Kriticos.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: I didn't know you have an Uncle
dialog: Cyrus.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Had. I met him a couple of times
dialog: as a kid. My dad always disliked
dialog: him. Said he squandered the
dialog: family fortune.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: We have a family fortune?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Well, no. Cyrus squandered it.
dialog: Didn't I just say that?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (to Bobby)
dialog: Isn't this exciting? You have a
dialog: late uncle!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What's he late for?
speaker_heading: KATHY
text: His next birthday.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (the penny drops)
dialog: You mean he's dead?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Now we get his attention.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: This message was recorded by Cyrus
dialog: six months ago. He asked that it
dialog: be played for you in the event of
dialog: his death...
text: Ben inserts a DVD into the laptop. Cyrus's image appears
text: on the screen, distorted from the angle of the monitor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 19
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 19
speaker_heading: CYRUS (V.O.)
dialog: (on computer )
dialog: Arthur. Good to talk to you.
text: Ben tilts the screen forward. Cyrus comes clearly into
text: view. He smokes one of his thin brown cigarettes.
speaker_heading: CYRUS (V.O.)
dialog: (on computer )
dialog: Sadly, if you're watching me now,
dialog: that means I am no longer among
dialog: the living. Happily, that makes
dialog: you and your family my sole
dialog: beneficiaries.
text: The family members look at one another with anticipation.
speaker_heading: CYRUS (V.O.)
dialog: (on computer )
dialog: I've instructed my lawyer, Mr.
dialog: Moss, to deliver to you the
dialog: essentials of my last will and
text: testament.
text: Ben produces a small box, lays it on the table, opens it.
text: Inside the silk-lined interior is a large, odd-looking
dialog: key.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: A key?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: A key to what?
speaker_heading: CYRUS (V.O.)
dialog: (on computer )
dialog: A key to your new house.
text: A series of windows on the computer screen open to reveal
text: a series of photos of an astonishing modernist
text: masterpiece. We see the interiors. Living room,
text: bedrooms, kitchen, bathrooms. Everyone at the table
text: gasps.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Bathrooms. Look, every bedroom has
dialog: a bathroom!
speaker_heading: CYRUS (V.O.)
dialog: (on computer )
dialog: This house is the fruit of my
dialog: life's work. It's a one-of-a-kind
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 21.
dialog: (2) 19
speaker_heading: CYRUS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (then)
dialog: I've led an interesting life, seen
dialog: many amazing things. The only
dialog: regret I have is that I never
dialog: really got to know my nephew
dialog: Arthur. This house is my attempt
dialog: to make up for that. Enjoy.
dialog: Perhaps we will meet again in
dialog: another life.
text: Cyrus smiles. The screen goes blank. Arthur can't
dialog: believe his eyes. Nor his good fortune.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: When can we see it?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: The house is yours. Whenever you
dialog: like.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: (to Arthur)
dialog: Can we go tonight?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (to Arthur)
dialog: I'm planning on heading out there
dialog: after work. The directions're a
dialog: little fuzzy. If you want to,
dialog: your wife and kids could follow me
dialog: out --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm not his wife.
text: Kathy rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: My wife, um, she um --
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Our mom got burnt to death ina
dialog: fire.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Bobby...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What? It's true.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 19
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Robert. That's enough.
dialog: (to Ben)
dialog: So where is this place?
speaker_heading: BEN
text: A couple hours away.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Great, we can stay the night,
dialog: and come back in the morning.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: We're not staying the night.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Because you have school in the
dialog: morning, and I have to teach.
dialog: We'll go look at it, but we're
dialog: coming home tonight.
dialog: (to Kathy)
dialog: Deal?
text: A smile creeps across Kathy's face giving her answer...
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DAMON'S RELIGIOUS ARTIFACTS STORE - DAY 20
text: PAN AROUND the cluttered closed office at newspaper
text: clippings hanging on the wall. Black and white photos of
text: newly dug up graves. Autopsy pictures of about a dozen
text: deceased individuals, articles underneath each picture
text: describing their deaths. It's a gruesome, graphic,
dialog: reportage of things we'd rather not think about.
text: The first is a suicide victim, found with her wrists
text: slashed in her bathtub. Another's an archery accident
text: involving a little boy. The list goes on and_= on,
text: ending with a serial killer, one Frank Mahoney, a.k.a.
dialog: the Breaker.
text: CONTINUE PANNING past books on the Occult, and Damon's
text: PHd degree in Parapsychology.
text: We LAND ON Kalina herself, stuffing her worn satchel. A
text: lamp illuminates an ancient book in front of her with
text: handwritten notes and drawings inside. She closes the
text: book and stuffs it in her satchel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: 20 CONTINUED: 20
text: PULL IN TIGHT ON a short newspaper article, featuring a
dialog: photo of Cyrus:
scene_heading: "NOTED ADVENTURER DIES AT 57"
text: In the article, underlined in red pen, are the words,
dialog: “survived by one Arthur Kriticos..."
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: 21 EXT. BEN'S MERCEDES - NIGHT 21
text: Ben drives, he checks his rearview mirror for Arthur and
dialog: family, to see if they're keeping up.
scene_heading: 22 INT. ARTHUR'S CAR - FOLLOWING 22
text: Arthur drives with Kathy beside him. Bobby and Maggie
text: are in the back seat, playing hangman. His microphone's
text: lying on the seat beside him.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: C'mon... you're taking too long.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: S... U... F... suffocate! I got
dialog: it! I win!
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Come on, you guys, we're almost
dialog: there.
text: Arthur can tell his daughter's anxious.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Excited?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Yeah, Mom would've freaked over
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (chuckles sadly)
dialog: You're right...
text: Kathy looks out the window. An awkward beat passes
dialog: between them...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: So you looking forward to going
dialog: back to school?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: 22A
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 24,
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Dad. I've been thinking...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Maybe I shouldn't, you know, go
dialog: back. I could skip a year, be
dialog: with you guys --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Kathy. C'mon, you can't do that...
dialog: remember how proud Mom was when
dialog: that acceptance letter showed up
text: in the mail.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: I know, I just don't know what
dialog: you guys are gonna do without me.
text: Kathy's face flushes with emotion.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Baby. Bobby and I will manage.
dialog: Besides, things look like they
dialog: just got a little better.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Yeah, but that's not the point.
dialog: It's just that... every smile you
dialog: have is --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Honey --
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: It's... not real, Dad.
text: Arthur's affected by her words.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: I loved her too. But sooner or
dialog: later you've got to stop blaming
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: 22A
text: Arthur pulls up behind Ben's car in the f.g.
speaker_heading: 22B
dialog: 23
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 25.
scene_heading: INT. CAR 22B
text: Bobby looks through the front window, between Kathy and
dialog: his dad.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Cool!
text: Everyone reacts...
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Dad, it's beautiful.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Oh my God.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE
text: An enormous and majestic house made of glass nestled
text: amongst pine trees. Stark against the evening sky, the
text: house is awe-inspiring.
text: Even for an English teacher, Arthur has a hard time
text: finding the words.
text: There's also a Power & Light truck parked in front.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - FRONT PORCH - NIGHT 23
text: The group approaches the front door. It looks unusual,
text: yes, but it's also an undeniable architectural marvel.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That's strange.
text: A young man appears, waiting in the solitary light of the
text: porch, a clipboard in his hand and a tool belt slung over
text: his shoulder. He's dressed in a Power & Light uniform,
text: and ON CLOSER INSPECTION we see that it's Rafkin, in
text: disguise. He approaches the family.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: ‘Bout time someone got here. You
dialog: the owners?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Who're you?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: The power guy. I don't know if
dialog: you're aware of it, but this place
dialog: keeps knocking out the power in the
dialog: tri-quad area. So if you don't
dialog: mind, I need to check the breakers
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 23
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Couldn't you come back tomorrow?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Well, I could -- I mean, I could
dialog: Ben turns
dialog: now.
dialog: -- but, man, they frown upon
dialog: that sort of thing, my bosses.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That's not our problem --
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Look, I've only been doing this job
dialog: for, like, three weeks. If you
dialog: could find it in your hearts --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Sure.
text: to Arthur. After all, it is Arthur's house
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Thanks...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Arthur, Arthur Kriticos.
text: Rafkin hides his reaction.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Quite a place you got here.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Yeah... we're movin' in.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: One step at a time...
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - ENTRYWAY - MOMENTS LATER 24
text: Outside the main structure is an entryway, with an inner
text: and outer door, almost like an airlock. Arthur produces
text: the odd key and slips it into the keyhole. The locking
text: mechanism, visible within the glass, beckons.
text: Arthur turns the key. As it turns, we hear the MECHANISM
text: CLICK and WHIR. Then, oddly, the key is sucked into the
dialog: keyhole,
dialog: Everyone
text: and vanishes.
text: looks at the now-empty keyhole, then at each
text: other, then back at the keyhole.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 24
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Huh.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: That's... odd.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Must've, um, slipped into the
dialog: mechanism. We'll have to get that
dialog: looked at.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: That didn't look like it slipped
dialog: to me. I got a cousin who could
dialog: fix that --
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Dad, you broke it!
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Bobby, go to a station break,
dialog: will ya?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Give it a rest.
text: Bobby reluctantly clicks off the recorder.
scene_heading: INT. CLOCKWORK ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION 25
text: In the basement of the house, in a dark space we see a
text: tiny pendulum within a delicate, antique set of gears
text: come to life. AS we PULL AWAY, runes of odd description
text: come INTO VIEW, etched on ivory plates, the plates
text: attached to levers and meters standing poised, waiting...
text: The lights in the room suddenly flicker on.
text: We PULL AWAY FROM the odd bits of machinery, seeing it
dialog: for what it is: a control panel of some kind. Our
text: RETREATING CAMERA then becomes engulfed by what looks to
text: be a huge set of gears, made of brass and steel, standing
text: by. We PULL OUT the other side of the gears, viewing the
text: machinery's massive size, the gears works nearly fifteen
text: feet high, dominating a room filled with pulleys and
dialog: steel cable.
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 28.
scene_heading: 26 EXT. HOUSE - CONTINUOUS ACTION 26
text: Lights flicker on from within the house, allowing us to
dialog: see inside. The most striking thing about it is that the
text: house is entirely transparent. Even the interior walls
text: are made of glass, putting the furniture, fixtures and
text: all the expensive-looking antique decorations on stark
text: display. Everyone stares at the alarming edifice,
dialog: fascinated.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: How. Weird.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Apparently Cyrus wasn't too keen
dialog: on privacy.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: I hope the bathroom's in the
dialog: basement.
text: Arthur pushes the door open, and they enter...
scene_heading: 27 INT. MAIN FLOOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION 27
text: The group comes into the entryway. Like an airlock, the
text: outer door closes before the inner one will open.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I did mention I don't do windows,
dialog: didn't I?
text: The walls of the entryway are lined with rare ancient
text: documents in exquisite cases, archeological treasures,
text: recognizably priceless antiques. The group looks
text: around, amazed.
text: With fascination, Arthur studies the text on the walls.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Latin...
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Dad, this stuff must be worth
dialog: a fortune.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Yeah. That occurred to me.
text: With a huge smile Bobby reaches for an ancient samurai
text: sword on display. Arthur catches him in mid act.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: In your dreams, kiddo.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 27
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 27
text: They come to a great hall, a soaring open space with a
text: large stained glass ceiling and, strangely, an equally
text: large brass and copper floor. With only one other door
text: at its opposite end, the room is a great glass cube.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Ohhh, Cyrus. What did you do...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Okay. First rule. No throwing
dialog: stones.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It's marvelous, isn't it? A
text: living work of art.
text: A few chuckles. But Rafkin looks troubled. Sweat
text: beads on his forehead. His head is killing him, and
text: he's rubbing incessantly on his temples.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (to Ben)
dialog: Excuse me, the sooner you show me
dialog: where you hid the basement the
dialog: sooner I'm outta here --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I believe it's down the hall,
text: second door on the right.
text: Rafkin walks off, holding his head, leaving the others
text: still examining the house.
text: Bobby's eye catches on the design in the floor made of a
text: series of concentric metal rings. There's a brass disk
text: in the center, two feet in diameter, with symbols etched
text: into its surface, spinning slowly.
text: Bobby goes to place his foot on it, when Arthur lifts him
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Don't touch anything. At least
dialog: until we got some property
dialog: insurance.
text: He places Bobby down beside Kathy and Maggie.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Arthur, we have some papers to
text: sign in the library. After that,
dialog: I'll give you a tour of the place.
text: Arthur turns to the three of them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 27
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I don't want you guys to move from
dialog: this spot. We'll be right back.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Dad --
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What happened to checking out our
dialog: new digs?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You can see it all from here.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Dad... you're being paranoid and
dialog: overprotective.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Yeah... of all this stuff. I know
dialog: you guys too well.
dialog: (points to spot)
dialog: Stay. Right. Here. I mean it.
text: The three of them nod, appeasing him. Arthur and Ben
dialog: walk off.
text: After a beat, Kathy, Maggie and Bobby slip away...
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT 28
text: Rafkin descends the stairs. Downstairs is a maze of
text: narrow glass corridors. Not much else. It's all very
text: clean and sterile. Not a spider web in the joint. In
dialog: fact, there's nothing alive down here.
text: Rafkin removes a pair of ghost glasses. Slips them on.
text: An AUDIO PIERCING GAINS in VOLUME with every step Rafkin
dialog: takes.
scene_heading: THROUGH GHOST GLASSES
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Alright, you sick bastard, where'd
dialog: you put my money?
text: As soon as Rafkin reaches the bottom step, he's assaulted
text: full force by the psychic waves around him.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Aaahh!!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 28
text: He keels over and vomits.
text: The assault becomes too much, he collapses against a wall.
text: When he doubles over in pain... we reveal a ghost behind
text: him in the glass. It's a teenager from the '50s, a high-
text: schooler in a letterman's coat, the victim of a horrific
text: auto crash. He holds a baseball bat menacingly over his
dialog: shoulder.
text: Rafkin, sensing its proximity, turns as the ghost swings
text: the bat with all his might. Instinctively Rafkin leaps
text: back, but the glass holding the ghost holds. With
text: exception of the red symbols that EXPLODE across its
text: surface, the barrier remains intact.
text: But the ghost within is suddenly gone...
text: Rafkin lands with fright a few feet back up the hallway.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Sweet Jesus... not you.
text: As he turns about him, another ghost launches out of the
text: darkness at him, only to be stopped by the glass. It's
text: an older, Pilgrimess woman in stocks.
text: Rafkin's jolted by this vision. He's driven to the other
text: side of the hallway. Again, when he turns around, the
text: ghost is gone. He turns to face the Fat Man and the
dialog: Little Woman ghosts.
text: This sends him flying.
text: Rafkin races back down the corridor in shock. Soon he's
text: lost in the underground maze of glass, confused by all
text: the twists and turns.
text: He finally reaches the foot of the stairs.
text: And bolts up them..
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CYRUS'S LIBRARY 29
text: Ancient weapons are displayed hanging on the walls.
text: Arthur and Ben take them in.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Was Cyrus a hunter?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 29
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 29
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You could say that.
text: Arthur's attention is now drawn to the rare collection
text: of books piled up against the walls. We PAN, FOLLOWING
text: Arthur, discovering a pair of ghost glasses on a shelf.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: This is incredible, Chaucer,
dialog: Dickens, Hemingway... these are all
dialog: first editions.
text: Arthur carefully handles the books.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Your uncle was quite a collector.
dialog: Of many things.
text: Ben removes a folder of papers from his briefcase. Lays
text: them across the desk. Hands Arthur a pen. Arthur
text: reluctantly pulls himself away from collection.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I've highlighted where you're
dialog: supposed to sign.
dialog: (indicating)
dialog: First here --
text: Arthur takes the pen from him, pauses.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Look, I didn't want to bring this
text: up in front of the kids. This
dialog: place... it's amazing, and we're
dialog: extremely grateful, believe me,
dialog: but I don't know how we can
dialog: afford it... I'm just a teacher...
dialog: and the taxes on it must be...
dialog: well, to be honest...
dialog: (long beat, almost
dialog: to himself)
dialog: ... a fire took away everything we
dialog: had...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Not to worry, Arthur, your uncle
dialog: was a genius with finances. He
dialog: took care of everything. Estate
dialog: taxes. Inheritance taxes, you name
dialog: it. You'll never have to worry
dialog: about money ever again.
text: Arthur takes this in. Scans the documents. Finds
text: the highlighted area, and is just about to sign, when...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 29
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 29
speaker_heading: RAFKIN (0.S.)
dialog: Arthur!!
text: Arthur looks up and sees -- Rafkin standing in the doorway,
text: looking horrible, out of breath, trying like hell to shed
text: the vomit-stained Power & Light jumpsuit he's been wearing.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (panicked, rambling)
dialog: We gotta talk.
text: Arthur looks with panic at Ben.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What the hell's wrong with the
dialog: breakers?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: My name's Dennis Rafkin, and I --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Shit, you're Dennis Rafkin?
dialog: (to Arthur)
dialog: My office warned me about this guy.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (an urgency in
dialog: his voice)
dialog: You gotta listen to me... this
dialog: is gonna be hard to swallow...
dialog: but I used to hunt displaced
dialog: spiritual energy... with your
dialog: uncle.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
text: ... P.K. agents, Revenants, Eidolons,
dialog: Umbras, wraiths... any of this ring a
dialog: bell?
text: Arthur looks back and forth from the lawyer to the vomit-
text: stained psychic, thoroughly confused. Rafkin takes a beat.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Alright, let's do this the easy way.
dialog: Ghosts, Arthur. I used to hunt
dialog: ghosts with your uncle Cyrus and --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Ghosts??
text: Ben starts laughing, more loudly than is appropriate.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 34,
scene_heading: 29 CONTINUED: (3) 29
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (rolling his eyes,
dialog: stating the obvious)
text: Disgruntled souls trapped on earth
dialog: because of unfinished business,
dialog: yes.
dialog: (to Arthur)
dialog: Listen, you gotta get your kids
dialog: and get the hell out of here, now.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: This is one for the books. I
dialog: never met a real live lunatic
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Hey, asshole, I'm not talking to
dialog: you. You can stay in here as long
dialog: as you want.
dialog: (to Arthur)
dialog: I know it sounds crazy, but this
text: is serious. The basement is filled
dialog: with containment cubes. If I were
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Arthur, this guy's been calling
dialog: my office since your uncle died.
dialog: I see it all the time. Some rich
text: guy passes away, and then all the
dialog: nuts come out. Next thing you
dialog: know, he'll be claiming Cyrus owed
dialog: him money.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: You're damn right he did. It's
dialog: bad enough I had to, um talk your
dialog: secretary into telling me where
dialog: you'd be so I could get paid --
dialog: oh, by the way, she genuinely
dialog: thinks you're a real bucket of
dialog: shit --
dialog: (to Arthur)
dialog: But I don't give a damn about that.
dialog: All I care about is getting my ass
dialog: outta here. I suggest you do the
dialog: 
dialog: same.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Look, I don't know what's going
dialog: on, but --
text: Rafkin's headache starts in again, hard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 35.
scene_heading: 29 CONTINUED: (4) 29
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Shit, either one of you got any
dialog: aspirin, ibuprofen, acetaminophen,
dialog: Midol? Anything, I --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What's the matter? You alright?
text: He finds a bottle of pain relievers in his pocket, tries
text: to get it open, but his fingers are trembling in pain.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Goddamn childproof caps...
text: Rafkin fumbles with the bottle. Arthur reaches out to
text: give him a hand. When he makes contact, Rafkin receives
text: a series of flashes:
scene_heading: 29A FLASHBACK - ARTHUR'S PREVIOUS DREAM 29A
text: Jean's in front of the sliding glass doors, with the kids
text: outside playing. The images begin to BLUR and pound
dialog: forward with amazing speed, then --
text: END OF FLASHBACK.
text: BACK TO LIBRARY
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Hey, buddy. You okay?
text: Rafkin looks around, registering where he is. On the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Yeah, shit, my head...
text: Arthur reaches out to help him up. Rafkin recoils.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Don't. Touch me.
text: Rafkin sits up and looks around, can't see Ben.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Where'd Alley McBeal go?
dialog: (cover 'where'd the suit go?")
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
dialog: 30
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 35A.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS ACTION 30
text: Ben's heading downstairs, the same way Rafkin just came.
text: When he gets to the bottom of the stairs he takes out a
text: pen light, and flicks it on. Starts to head down the
text: center corridor.
dialog: Now we're thinking to ourselves, what the hell's this guy
dialog: doing, and where the hell's he going? To make matters
text: worse, he removes a pair of those ghost glasses from his
text: pocket. Slips them on. Now we're even more curious...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Power guy... what an idiot...
scene_heading: THROUGH GHOST GLASSES
text: He passes by the first room. inside is the 1950s Ritchie
text: Cunningham look-alike. He shoulders his bat, watching
text: Moss's every move through dead eyes.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hey, Babe Ruth, stop staring...
text: As Ben passes, the ghost suddenly disappears. He moves
dialog: on...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 30
text: Inside the next is a boy, sevenish, holding a tomahawk,
text: dressed in a cowboy outfit with a hunting arrow through
text: his head.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Next time learn to duck...
text: He turns a corner, following the path known only to him.
text: It leads the lawyer to a dead end.
text: Ben feels along the edge of the panel. The glass door
text: snaps open, lightning fast. Ben grins, then carefully
dialog: steps in...
scene_heading: INT. CLOCKWORK ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION 31
text: Ben makes his way around the huge gear works, and
text: approaches the control panel. Smiling, the lawyer spots
text: a black briefcase sitting on a scale next to the
dialog: mechanism.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I gotta hand it to you, Cyrus
dialog: Kriticos, you're a man of your
dialog: word.
text: Ben picks up the briefcase; as he does, it sets off a
text: trigger beneath it.
text: The house begins to make noises. Behind him, GEARS
text: GRINDING, WHIRRING, CLICKING, CLUNKING. Something has
text: been turned on.
text: Ben hardly notices; he's intent on the briefcase. He
text: opens it. It's filled with bundles of cash. Ben smiles,
text: still nervous. He closes the briefcase, and leaves the
dialog: room with it.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE 32
text: From outside the house we witness the unbelievable.
text: Rooms shift, walls migrate, the whole of the house
text: reconfigures its architecture to accommodate some hidden
dialog: agenda within.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - SAME TIME 33
text: Rafkin and Arthur also witness a change. From their
text: perspective, they can see from the inside what the
text: outside was doing. It's obvious by their shared looks
text: that maybe it's time to take their argument outside.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Look, I don't know what's going on
dialog: here, but if you care about that
dialog: family of yours, get them out of
dialog: this house.
text: Arthur doesn't need convincing.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I'll take your word for it.
text: They quickly rush out of the study, and over to the
text: entryway. But the kids and Maggie are not there...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Kathy... Maggie... Bobby!!
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION 34
text: No one answers Arthur's cries.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I told them not to leave this
dialog: spot.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: They're kids, what do you expect?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Alright, fine, you check
dialog: downstairs, I'll check up.
text: Arthur takes off around the corner. Rafkin stares at
text: the basement door.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: There's no way in hell I'm going
dialog: back down there...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Time for this psychic to leave...
text: He takes a few steps towards the front door, as Arthur's
text: VOICE ECHOES through the house, looking for his kids.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (hesitating)
dialog: Shit, shit, shit...
text: Rafkin watches as a set of glass panels close across the
text: front door, sealing them in.
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 38.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - WITH ARTHUR 35
text: He reaches the top of the stairs leading up to the second
text: level, when he hits glass. The stairs have been sealed
text: off from the shift in the house.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Bobby. Kathy!
text: Arthur bangs like a madman on the glass.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (begins yelling)
dialog: Bobby!! Kathy!!
text: Finally the house relents. The glass barrier slides open.
text: Arthur bolts down the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - WITH BEN - SAME TIME 36
text: Ben heads back the way he came, wearing the glasses. He
text: walks past the rooms again. As he approaches one, a
text: naked female suicide victim with dead eyes, her wrists
text: slashed, her bloodstained hands wielding a knife, comes
text: up to the glass. Ben stops to check her out.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What's the matter? Life got you
dialog: down?
text: The Suicide stares at him now with hatred. Her entire
text: eyes are ink black, her face sallow, sucked in, her
text: runny mascara stains cascading down her bloodless cheeks.
text: She launches herself against the glass, clawing and
text: scratching to get to him. Ben shudders, thinking he
text: might've crossed a line, begins to back away.
text: As the basement around Ben Moss suddenly begins to shift.
text: The lawyer turns about, watching with unrest as the
text: mechanical gears all around him engage... shifting
text: rooms... rearranging walls...
scene_heading: INT. CLOCKWORK ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION 37
text: On the control panel, the first lever in the row of
text: symbols suddenly shifts forward.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS ACTION 38
dialog: Opening doors...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 38
text: Ben turns to see the door that held the Suicide back
text: slides open.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hey, I was only kidding...
text: The ghost steps into the hallway towards Ben, blocking
text: the route to the stairs. Ben back-pedals in horror.
text: Backing right into an open doorway...
text: As he steps over the threshold, there's a flicker of
text: light in the doorway, and a sharp SNICK.
text: Ben stands in the doorway, surprised, apparently
text: paralyzed. His glasses tumble off his face, stems sliced
text: through. The briefcase in his hand also seems to be
text: sliced. Half of it falls and halves of dollar bills
text: spill out onto the floor.
text: Ben slowly slides to the ground. Or at least his front
text: half does. The glass door has snapped shut like a razor
text: blade. Bisecting him laterally, slicing straight through
text: his body.
text: His front half slides down, revealing, for a second, a
text: cross sectional view of his back half on the far side of
dialog: the glass.
text: As Ben's remains collapse wetly to the floor, the Suicide
text: smiles and vanishes...
scene_heading: INT. CLOCKWORK ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION 39
text: Above the row of levers we see a series of 13 meters at
text: the base of the pendulum. All read. The needle on the
text: first meter suddenly dives deep into the red.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - CONTINUOUS ACTION 40
text: On the floor of the great hall, the RING stops spinning
text: with a CLICK. The symbol on the innermost ring (the same
text: as the one in the basement) has lined up with its mate on
dialog: the disk.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR - HALLWAY - NIGHT 41
text: Kathy, Bobby and Maggie are walking around, examining
text: everything... still excited, oblivious to what's going on
dialog: downstairs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 41
text: Kathy passes by one of the bedrooms, and breaks off from
text: the other two to check it out.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: I'll be in here.
text: Bobby and Maggie continue on. Bobby turns on his
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (recording)
dialog: We are now upstairs... and
dialog: there's... more glass.
text: Bobby clicks off the microphone. Then removes his
text: scooter from his bag.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Race you to the end of the
dialog: hall...?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I really don't think you should be
dialog: riding that in --
text: And suddenly Maggie breaks out into a sprint. Bobby
text: quickly jumps on his scooter, but he's too far behind to
dialog: catch up.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hey, you cheated!
text: They reach the end of the hall.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That wasn't fair, I didn't say
dialog: start.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Gotta be on your toes, kid.
text: Maggie walks into one of the rooms. Bobby follows her.
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S BEDROOM 42
text: The room's filled with all types of cool, macabre, boy
dialog: stuff. A seven-year-old's dream, if you were a demented
text: seven-year-old.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: This is definitely my room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 42
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 42
text: Maggie plops down on a bed made up with skull and
text: crossbones sheets. She finds a pair of ghost glasses
text: lying on the bedside table. Puts them on.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: So, do I look cool?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: No, you look like a dork...
text: But the nanny isn't listening. She sits there, slack-
text: jawed.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (looking through
dialog: glasses)
dialog: My God... this is... incredible...
scene_heading: MAGGIE'S POV THROUGH GHOST GLASSES
text: The etched glass symbols on the wall have been added to
text: with flowing red, glowing symbols. Not only do they
text: weave in and about the walls, but they create a path on
text: the floor that leads right out the door.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What? Lemme see.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: One second.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: C'mon...
text: Bobby grabs at them. Maggie takes them off.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Alright, alright... here...
text: Bobby puts them on, and reacts.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Cool!
text: Bobby grabs his scooter and mike, and takes off down the
text: hall. Maggie gives chase, but it's obvious she's not
text: going to catch him.
text: He zooms in and out of the bedrooms, up and down the
text: halls, following the glowing red path.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 42
dialog: 42a
dialog: 43
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 42
text: He takes a couple of turns when he realizes he may have
text: gone too far. The boy has become lost in all the glass.
text: Bobby is alone.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Maggie...?
text: Bobby starts scooting again, only this time with a bit
dialog: more urgency.
text: He passes an open door, which opens into a set of stairs
text: heading down. He stops, backs up, then glances down. At
text: the bottom of the nearest landing, he catches the glimpse
text: of a figure standing. The female figure is in
text: silhouette, and her head is tilted oddly to one side,
text: though from this distance, we can't see why.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Kathy??
text: The figure oddly shuffles off.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: C'mon, Kath, stop playing games.
text: With his scooter under his arm, Bobby heads downstairs,
text: into the darkness of the house.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I'm gonna tell Dad...
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR 42a
text: Maggie looking tired of searching for Bobby. Suddenly
text: something 0.S. catches her eye.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Whoa... what's going on.
scene_heading: INT. KATHY'S BEDROOM (SECOND FLOOR) 43
text: Kathy walks in, but not before she notices that, from the
text: hallway, the room appears to be empty. The glass door,
dialog: we now realize, is "trick" glass.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: This place is awesome.
text: Kathy walks over to the bed. Plops down, sinking into
text: all the silk. Her half-closed eyes tell us -- puurrfect.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 43
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 42a.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 43
text: Out of the corner of her eye, she spots a door ajar, with
text: the lights on inside.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: No way...
text: She slips off the bed, opening the door, revealing her
dialog: new bathroom. And if ever a room could be carved from a
dialog: single diamond, this is it.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Now that's what I'm talkin' about!
dialog: 44
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM 44
text: It's spectacular. Immaculate. And not only spacious,
text: but appointed. The shelves are stacked with jewel-like
text: bottles of perfume. Kathy's wet dream.
text: As we VIEW her FROM BENEATH the glass shelves, she begins
text: inspecting her own found treasure. Everything seems to
text: be unashamedly brand-new.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: We've struck gold.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: What she also doesn't notice is a pair of ghost glasses
text: lying on the sink. The CAMERA ZOOMS IN THROUGH the
dialog: lenses, so that we're now looking at the scene...
scene_heading: THROUGH GHOST GLASSES
text: And a figure passes behind Kathy, jolting us. The figure
text: heads for the tub. The CAMERA TURNS TOWARDS the figure,
text: REVEALING a new level of hell. There's blood spattered
text: everywhere in the bathroom. We PAN. The gore is
dialog: overwhelming.
text: Still lost in her personal nirvana, Kathy nonchalantly
text: strolls over to the bathtub, drawing back its
text: bloodstained curtain. In a TIGHT SHOT, she runs the
text: water, which is blood-red. On the CUT, she brings it up
text: to her face where it's warm, clear and perfect.
text: When she leans back a bit, we see the naked female
text: suicide ghost lying in the bloody tub, wrists slashed,
text: eyes staring at Kathy, wickedly.
text: Kathy doesn't see her, because she's not wearing the
dialog: glasses.
text: Two words are written in blood on the glass walls
dialog: surrounding the tub:
speaker_heading: I'M SORRY
text: Kathy's oblivious of the Suicide, lost in the
text: possibilities of her bathroom. Running her hand around
text: the bloody water. She turns the water off... and as soon
text: as she does, a knife pierces the surface of the water.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: It doesn't get any better than
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 44
dialog: 44n
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 44,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 44
text: Suddenly, the Suicide rises up with the rest of her
text: knife, reaching for Kathy, when --
text: There's BANGING on the bathroom door. Kathy bolts
dialog: upright.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: We snap out of the ghost glasses, and the bathroom's back
text: to normal. All clean glass block. An empty tub.
text: Kathy opens the locked bathroom door... and Arthur's
text: standing there, pissed. He yanks her out of the
text: bathroom, into the hall.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What the hell're you doin' up
dialog: here? Didn't I tell you to stay
dialog: downstairs?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Yeah, but --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Where's your brother?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: With Maggie...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (0.S.)
dialog: He was with me.
text: They turn to see Maggie walking up to them.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: But he scooted off. He's around
dialog: here somewhere.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You're supposed to watch him,
dialog: that's what I pay you for!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (starts yelling)
dialog: Bobby!
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE 44n
text: Arthur's heading downstairs with Kathy and Maggie.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I'll find him. But I want you
dialog: both out of here...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 44n
dialog: 45
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 44n
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: No buts. I want you guys to wait
dialog: in the car, I'll be out as soon as
dialog: I find Bobby.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Why are you freaking out?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Kathy, just this once, don't argue.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN LEVEL 45
text: They reach the bottom of the stairs, and head over to the
text: front door. But there's now a glass barrier in front of
text: it, barring anyone from exit.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: What happened to the door?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Son of a bitch.
text: Arthur picks up a chair and hurls it at the glass. It
text: bounces off without a dent. He picks it up and starts
text: banging away. Nothing. Over the top of the noise a voice
text: bellows out.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What a night I'm having!
speaker_heading: RAFKIN (0.S.)
text: It's sealed shut.
text: They all turn to see Rafkin sitting on the couch.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What do you mean it's sealed shut?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: I mean, it's sealed shut. What part
dialog: of that code are you having
dialog: trouble cracking?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: There must be another way out.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: I've looked.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: 46A
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 45
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Well, we're gonna look again...
dialog: right after we find my son. Now
dialog: get up...
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Thanks, but I'll wait here.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Look, I don't know what the hell's
dialog: going on and I don't know who the
dialog: hell you are... but my son's
dialog: missing. So until those questions
dialog: are answered, you're not leaving
dialog: my sight. Now get up.
text: Rafkin is startled by Arthur's tone. He reluctantly gets
dialog: up to help.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Oh. Now you listen to me. Before
dialog: it was the lawyer...
dialog: (beat, realizing)
dialog: ... speaking of lawyers. He split?
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLOCKWORK ROOM 46
text: The gears kick in once again, and the house comes to
text: life. It's a quick shift. But we notice that the gears
text: are moving at an accelerated rate.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT 46A
text: Two more doors open within the basement.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLOCKWORK ROOM
text: At the base of the clockworks, two more needles from the
text: 13 meters go out. Three ghosts are now loose...
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
dialog: 47
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 46A.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - WITH BOBBY 47
text: Bobby is zipping down the hallway on his scooter. He
text: takes the corners at high speed, following the spell
text: markings on the floor.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Kathy! Come on.
text: As he rounds the next turn too fast, his scooter shoots
text: out from under him, his glasses sail off his head...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Aahh!
text: --. and he lands on his ass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 47
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 47
text: Bobby grabs his glasses again, and when he slips them
dialog: on!--
scene_heading: THROUGH GHOST GLASSES
text: He sees a decapitated head lying on the floor right
text: between his legs, wrapped in plastic. The head's eyes
text: snap open, and it begins to mouth words.
text: Bobby screams... then he hears a DRAGGING sound behind
text: him, like dead skin slapping on glass.
text: Bobby turns and sees a headless, legless human torso,
text: wrapped in sheets of filthy plastic, crab-walking towards
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Daaddd!!!!
text: Bobby jumps to his feet, turning. He runs down the hall.
text: Looks back, sees nothing, then when he turns back,
text: straight into the bound woman.
text: Pinned against the glass, the bound woman lets out a
text: muffled cry.
text: Strangled by a businessman's tie, which is still cinched
text: tight around her neck, her tongue sticks out like a thick
text: blue thumb. Her hair, skin, and prom dress are clotted
text: with dirt and worms -- the marks of a shallow grave. Her
text: hands and feet are bound by rope, but that's not the
text: worst. Her head sits askew on her shoulders, neck
text: obviously broken, a chunk of bone jutting out just
text: beneath the skin.
text: Panicked, she goes into violent convulsions.
text: It's too much for Bobby. He turns and bolts, racing
text: blindly through the basement's glass hallways. When
text: finally he feels safe, he slows enough to look over his
text: shoulder, and that's when he slams into a wall of glass.
text: The collision knocks his glasses from his head, his mike
text: from his shoulder. He reaches for his glasses when the
text: tiny sound of a SQUEAKING WHEEL issues FROM his MIKE
text: down the hall.
text: Bobby looks at the mike, then fearfully back at the
text: glasses in his hands. Ushering all his courage, Bobby
text: dons the glasses, and with his heart beating like a
text: hummingbird's, he turns around, and sees...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 47
text: Another WOMAN there, walking down the corridor towards
text: him. Dressed in only a hospital gown, she wheels a
text: portable IV stand along the floor. Yards of thin plastic
text: Iv tubes tether her to the stand. Her arms, thin,
text: withered from long illness, bear nasty scars from
text: unnumbered operations. Her head is almost completely
text: covered in stained bandages, but a beauty mark decorates
text: that portion of her face we can see.
text: She gropes blindly down the passage, straight towards
dialog: Bobby.
text: He backs up, trips over his feet, almost falls.
text: The IV Woman stops. So does Bobby.
text: Bobby waits, frozen. He tries to call for help, but can
text: only manage a gasp.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: D-Dad... Daddy...
dialog: (louder )
dialog: Dad! Dad!
text: The IV Woman seems to respond to the sound of his voice.
text: She cocks her head, as if listening. She moves, calling
text: out, but we hear it THROUGH the tiny amplifier of Bobby's
dialog: TOY MIKE.
speaker_heading: JEAN (V.O.)
dialog: (on mike)
dialog: B-bb-bobby?
text: And now he recognizes her voice -- it's his mother, Jean.
text: That's it. Bobby turns and runs like hell. Around the
dialog: corner, and right into --
text: Cyrus. Or Cyrus's ghost. Pale white, with eyes rolled
text: back, and a big spike sticking out of his neck. Standing
text: behind a pane of glass. Bobby actually hit glass, and he
text: catches a glimpse of the dead Cyrus just before he's
text: knocked out from the impact.
text: As his glasses and microphone fall to the floor, we...
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN FLOOR - CORRIDOR 48
text: Arthur, Kathy, Maggie and Rafkin are searching the house,
text: looking for Bobby.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 49.
scene_heading: 48 CONTINUED: 48
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Bobby! !
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Come on out, pal!
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Robert!! Stop screwing around!
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Hey, Glass Family Robinson!
dialog: You're wasting your breath!
dialog: This stuff --
dialog: (taps glass)
dialog: This is Ectobar Glass, Cyrus invented
text: it. It's shatterproof and soundproof.
dialog: So your kid might have a hard time
dialog: hearing you.
text: Maggie touches the etchings on the glass.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: What are these?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: They're containment spells.
dialog: Ectoplasmic entities can't
dialog: cross them. The supernatural has
dialog: laws to obey just like we do. In
dialog: the case of ghosts, it's spells.
text: Written, spoken, it doesn't matter.
dialog: They have to obey what the spells
dialog: tell them.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: So what do these do?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: At the moment they're keeping us
dialog: alive
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Just ignore him. Bobby!
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Let's go back for a second to the
dialog: ecto-thing...
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: You mean the poltergeists.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Poltergeists?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 50.
scene_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (2) 48
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Alright, ghosts. And not Casper the
dialog: friendly kind either. Cyrus had a
dialog: thing for hunting the more powerful
dialog: of the species. Why, I got no idea.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I thought you didn't want to go
text: through it again.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: You know, you're right. I've wasted
dialog: enough time on small minds tonight.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: I was talking about your father.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Excuse me... did you say hunted?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Yup, and his trophies are all
text: locked up in the basement.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: This basement?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: What's with you people? Are you
dialog: slow? Of course this basement.
dialog: If it was next door I wouldn't
dialog: give a shit. Here, I'll prove it...
text: Rafkin pulls out his glasses.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: You can see them with these.
dialog: They're spectral viewers.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I gave Bobby a pair of those.
text: This gets Arthur's attention.
text: Maggie walks over and takes them out of Rafkin's hand.
text: Slips them on.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: I don't see any ghosts...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 51.
scene_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (3) 48
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (rolls his eyes)
dialog: That's because they're all
dialog: downstairs.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: «+. just more of that crazy Latin
text: shit all over the floor.
text: Rafkin takes the glasses back. Looks down. Impressed.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Huh. Hidden barrier spells. Cyrus
dialog: must've needed more protective zones.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Protection? You mean like oregano is
dialog: to a vampire?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Yeah... something like that...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (had enough)
dialog: Look, Raf-kin, is it? Do mea
dialog: favor, spare us the haunted house
dialog: ravings... at least ‘til we get
dialog: outta here. Okay?
scene_heading: 48A INT. BASEMENT DOOR - TOP OF STAIRS 48A
text: They come to a staircase, leading down into the basement.
text: Arthur starts down it.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Whoa!
text: They stop and look at him.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: What did I just say? There's a
dialog: petting zoo in the basement? No,
dialog: Arthur, I succinctly said there
text: are ghosts in the basement.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You also said they were locked up.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Uh-uh. No way.
text: Rafkin won't budge. Arthur knows it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 48A
dialog: 49
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48A
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Listen, I'll make you a deal. I'll
dialog: pay you whatever Cyrus owed you.
dialog: Just... help... me... find my son.
text: Arthur extends his hand.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Deal?
text: Arthur extends his hand. And for the first time Dennis
text: Rafkin isn't afraid of the gesture. Not that he takes it,
dialog: of course.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Deal.
text: Rafkin pulls out a bottle of prescription drugs, swigs it
text: down, swigs it all down, then joins them down the staircase.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT 49
text: The group comes to the bottom of the stairs, then moves
text: into the glass-lined passage. Rafkin's head is beginning
text: to throb again. Arthur, taking note.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You going to be okay?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Yeah. Just keep an eye on me, okay?
text: The four search the empty basement hallways, finding
text: nothing but more glass and shadows. They come to an
text: intersection in the huge labyrinth.
text: Rafkin checks one of the containment cubes, finding its
text: door still locked.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: The place is too big. Kathy and
dialog: I'll go this way, you two head
dialog: down there.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Sure. Ignore the professional...
dialog: Look, don't go too far. A straight
dialog: line then turn around. We'll meet
dialog: back in five -- alright?
text: Arthur nods. Takes Kathy by the arm, and they head off in
text: one direction, leaving Maggie and Rafkin to go the other way.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: 51A
dialog: 52
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 53.
scene_heading: INT. CLOCKWORK ROOM 50
text: On the hour the huge gears turn again. Faster than
text: before. We MOVE PAST them, IN ON the control panel.
text: Three levers shift, and the sign of the jackal, along with
text: others, slides forward, clicking into place.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF HOUSE - CONTINUOUS ACTION 51
text: FROM the BACK of the house, we see the ARCHITECTURE
text: SHIFTING as if under orders, the huge EDIFICE GROANING
text: with Herculean effort.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT GLASS CORRIDORS - VARIOUS SHOTS 51A
text: Behind Kathy and Arthur, and elsewhere near Rafkin and
text: Kalina three more doors slide open, unnoticed.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT GLASS CORRIDOR - WITH RAFKIN AND MAGGIE 52
dialog: Which is exactly what Rafkin didn't want to hear...
text: especially in the basement. Maggie doesn't look too
text: worried about things. Taking things rather nonchalantly,
text: while Rafkin appears the frightened rabbit.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Look, you don't believe me, do you?
dialog: See for yourself...
text: Rafkin puts the Ghost Glasses on Maggie, and pulls her
text: in front of the first glass cube.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I thought we've been over this.
dialog: I can't see any ghosts.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: There.
text: Rafkin points into one of the cubes.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Where?
text: Maggie looks around intently, but comes back confused.
text: Rafkin looks at her, wondering. He pulls the glasses
text: off her face and puts them on his own. He's shocked.
text: The first two cubes are empty.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 52
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 52
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (panicking)
dialog: Oh, no...
text: Rafkin paces in front of the cubes. He peers worriedly
text: into the next cube. At first he sees nothing, when
text: suddenly, a hammer slams against the glass. Rafkin
text: whoops and jumps backwards. He grabs his heart.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Never fails... they always wait
dialog: for you to put your face right up
dialog: near the glass...
text: Maggie eyes him warily. Rafkin takes off the glasses
text: and puts them on Maggie. She looks into the cube. And
text: screams.
scene_heading: THROUGH GHOST GLASSES
text: A hugely-built middle-aged BLACK MAN appears, dressed in
text: layers of viciously torn leather, with a blacksmith apron
text: covering what remains. In addition, nails and spikes are
text: hammered into his body, from his head down to the sledge-
text: hammer that's been nailed to his handless arm.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Oh my God... it's a... it's a...
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: That's right, we're surrounded by
dialog: ‘em all the time. Most of ‘em
dialog: can't hurt us. Most of ‘em don't
dialog: want to hurt us... but there are
dialog: exceptions.
text: The apparition glares at Rafkin. He takes hold of a
text: spike embedded deep in his shoulder and pulls. All eight
text: inches of rusting metal comes out. He thrusts it at the
text: glass, and pulls it across the surface in a shower of
text: sparks, as if carving a hello from Hell.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: What's he doing?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Just saying hi. I helped put him
dialog: here.
text: The ghost lowers his spike. Into the glass he has etched
text: the phrase "U MYN." Dennis takes a beat, then licks the
dialog: glass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 54a.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 52
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (acting tough to
dialog: ghost)
dialog: I love you too.
text: Lightning quick, the apparition lifts his hammer and
text: smashes it against the glass. Sparks explode across the
text: corridor. Maggie jumps back into Rafkin's arms.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Okay, I wanna go now...
text: Maggie swallows hard. Rafkin, half smiling, gestures
text: down the corridor, and reluctantly, she follows.
text: At the last moment, Rafkin turns and flips the hammer the
text: bird. But the ghost is gone...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED 53
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - BASEMENT - TRAP ROOM 54
text: Bobby lies on the floor. He rises, shaky, turns -- and
text: realizes that he's trapped in a space perhaps twenty feet
text: wide by ten feet long, surrounded on all four sides by
text: glass walls. Other spaces are dimly visible through the
text: glass. He looks around. No way out.
text: Then, on the other side of the glass wall, he sees Arthur
text: moving down the passage on the other side.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Dad! Dad!
text: But Arthur cannot hear or see him. An instant later,
text: Kathy comes INTO VIEW...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Kathy! Kathy! Dad!
text: He bangs on the glass, but his fists hardly make a sound.
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CORRIDOR - WITH ARTHUR AND KATHY 55
text: Arthur hurries forward. Kathy behind him.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Dad, slow down...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Bobby! !
text: Arthur charges forward, searching. Kathy stays close.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: We're gonna get lost...
text: And on that note, Arthur turns the corner, and finds
text: Bobby's microphone and glasses lying in the middle of the
text: corridor floor. He stops in his tracks. Kathy notices
dialog: them too.
text: Both of them fear the worst. They slowly walk over to
text: the items. Arthur picks up Bobby's microphone, while
text: Kathy grabs his glasses.
text: Arthur presses PLAY on the RECORDER -- Bobby's last words
text: bellow out.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (V.O.)
dialog: (screaming on recorder)
dialog: Dad! Dad!!
text: Arthur quickly clicks the RECORDER OFF. He tries to keep
text: it together, but we can see the pain on his face. Kathy
text: breaks down.
scene_heading: INT. TRAP ROOM - SAME TIME 56
text: ON Bobby's side of the wall, Bobby pounds on the glass as
text: he sees Arthur comfort Kathy with a hug.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Dad! Kath! Here! I'm in here!
text: The wall behind him begins to move -- pushing in. He
text: gasps, and scrambles back as it comes forward, the space
text: in which he's trapped in getting narrower.
text: And to make matters worse, Arthur and Kathy vanish from
text: his sight behind the "trick" glass. Bobby's about to
dialog: lose it...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - WITH ARTHUR AND KATHY 57
text: Arthur's comforting his daughter.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 56.
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Don't worry, we'll find him.
text: Kathy pulls it together.
scene_heading: 58 INT. OTHER SIDE OF BASEMENT - WITH RAFKIN AND MAGGIE 58
text: Rafkin and Maggie pass another empty cube. The symbol
text: on the open door gets Rafkin's attention.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Oh shit...
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: The Jackal's loose. We got to get
dialog: the hell out of here.
text: He turns back the way they came. Maggie follows.
scene_heading: 59 INT. CORRIDOR - WITH ARTHUR AND KATHY - SAME TIME 59
text: Kathy holds up the glasses to her father.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Dad, Bobby was wearing these.
dialog: Maybe Rafkin was right. Maybe
dialog: there really are --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Kathy, think about what you're
dialog: saying...
text: Kathy raises the glasses to her face...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (0.S.)
dialog: ... there's no such thing as --
text: ++. revealing a face from Hell before her -- the Jackal.
scene_heading: THROUGH GHOST GLASSES
text: With unnaturally long limbs and fingers with long, jagged
text: nails; its sloping head and bulging eyes contained in the
text: cage it wears on his head, the Jackal stands before Kathy
text: in a shredded straitjacket, half torn off, half burned
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 59
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 59
text: He supplies a madman's grin, saliva dripping, baring
text: unnaturally large, crooked teeth, and then suddenly, when
text: a heartbeat can seem like an eternity, he leaps at Kathy
text: as if shot out of a shotgun.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Kathy screams as she's literally propelled down the hall.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR'S POV
text: At the end of the corridor, Kathy is seen being dragged
text: invisibly across the floor, pinned to the wall, then
text: dragged up it to the ceiling.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Daddy! Help me!! Oh God!!
text: Her clothes are shredded from her body.
text: BACK TO SCENE
dialog: Arthur, running --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Daddy, help me!
text: Arthur, without glasses, can't see the Jackal, but he can
text: see the impossible spectacle of an invisible something
text: savagely tearing his daughter apart.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Kathy! What is it? I can't see a
dialog: thing!
text: Arthur grabs Kathy, tries to drag her away. But the
text: Jackal won't let go. Kathy is hoisted in the air between
text: the two, a tug of war that's killing her. Arthur won't
text: let go of her hands and the invisible Jackal won't let go
text: of her feet. Bloody scratches rip open along her legs as
text: her clothes are ripped to shreds.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Make it let go! Make it let go!
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Where is it?! Kathy, tell me
dialog: where it is --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 59
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 59
text: Arthur grabs all the material he can and pulls. It
text: tears. Kathy rebounds, almost falling.
text: The Jackal leaps on her like a hellish animal, scratching
text: her with both fingers and toes. She screams over and
text: over. Arthur sees bloody scratches appear on Kathy's
text: skin, deep, red, sharp.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Jesus Christ, get off! Get off!
text: Hysterical, Arthur finally pulls Kathy up and drags her
text: down the passage. The Jackal leaps again, yanking her from
text: Arthur's grasp.
text: Arthur barely catches hold of Kathy's arm and pulls.
text: But the Jackal's too strong... and he's losing her...
text: Suddenly, the corridor lights up behind him, and a
text: phosphorous flare is tossed to the floor beside him.
text: The JACKAL SHRIEKS with unearthly horror!
text: A second set of hands grabs hold of Kathy and pulls
text: alongside Arthur. Arthur turns and comes face-to-face
text: with Kalina, knapsack slung over her shoulder, glasses on
text: her face. He does a double-take, then --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Who the hell're you?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Pull!!
text: Together, the two pull Kathy down the hall, away from the
dialog: Jackal.
text: The Jackal regains his wits and attacks. It's a race
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Run, goddammit!!!
text: Arthur and Kalina drag Kathy down the hall, trying to
text: outrun the Jackal.
scene_heading: KATHY'S POV (UPSIDE DOWN GOING BACKWARDS)
text: The thing gives chase, closing the gap in the blink of an
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 59
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Hurry, Daddy!!
text: At the last possible moment, the Jackal leaps.
text: Kathy screams again.
text: The Jackal suddenly slams into an invisible barrier.
text: Kathy reacts with astonishment as the ghost rips and
text: tears into the barrier like a wild animal trying to get
text: at meat... sparks fly.
text: The trio tries to regain themselves around the corner.
text: Kathy's in Arthur's arms, cut, bruised, crying. He
text: looks up with fire in his eyes at Kalina --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Just who the hell are you, how the
dialog: hell did you get in here, and what
dialog: the hell was that!?
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT GLASS CORRIDOR - WITH RAFKIN AND MAGGIE 60
text: The duo weave their way through the basement's maze of
text: glass trying to locate Arthur and Kathy. Rafkin pulls
text: Maggie along, trying to find the way out, but it's no
text: use. The hallways all look the same.
text: Pulling her around a corner, they find themselves
text: trapped. A glass barrier cuts them off from the rest of
text: the corridor.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Shit!! Gotta go back.
text: Rafkin grabs Maggie, turns, suddenly stops. He looks
text: down the hall. Maggie isn't sure why. Rafkin starts
text: backing up.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: What? What!?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Don't talk. Don't move.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 60.
scene_heading: 60 CONTINUED: 60
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Somehow we got behind enemy lines.
text: Hands her the glasses. Maggie can see a tiny boy carrying
text: a hatchet moving towards them in the dark. She turns back
text: towards Rafkin for affirmation. When she looks back --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: It's gone...
text: Rafkin takes the glasses back. Looks --
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
text: No, it's not. It's hiding.
dialog: OFF Maggie's terrified reaction, we...
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: 61 INT. BASEMENT GLASS CORRIDOR - WITH ARTHUR, KATHY AND 61
speaker_heading: KALINA
text: Kalina is helping Arthur tear up strips of cloth to bind
text: Kathy's wounds.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Kalina Oretzia. I'm in the spirit
dialog: reclamation business.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Spiritua-recla-what?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: I free trapped souls. Your Uncle --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Forget my uncle, and trapped souls
dialog: for a second. What in the world
dialog: are you doing here?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Looks like I'm saving your ass.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Dad... it's still there...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 61
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
text: Kathy passes the glasses to her father. He holds them
text: for an instant, then puts them on.
text: The Jackal's some three feet away -- scratching insanely
text: at the glowing red spells that block his way.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (studying the Jackal)
dialog: Unbelievable...
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Another one of your uncle's victims.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (turns to Kalina)
dialog: Victims?
text: When Arthur looks back, the Jackal's gone...
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Yeah, your uncle had a nasty habit
dialog: of enslaving souls. That's why
dialog: I'm here. It doesn't matter
dialog: whether they're dead or not,
dialog: they're still people.
text: Kathy looks up, bloody, trembling, angry, like this
dialog: woman's crazy.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: How the hell did you get in here?
speaker_heading: KALINA
text: I eased in through an opening when
dialog: the house shifted.
text: Kathy looks to her father with hope.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Don't get your hopes up. It's
dialog: closed now, and it's not gonna
dialog: happen again.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: But if you got in --
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Here...
text: Kalina pulls out a huge ancient book from her satchel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 61
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: The Arcanum. It belonged to my
dialog: fiance. He and your uncle had
dialog: the only two known copies in the
dialog: world.
text: Kalina flips through the book.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: It was penned in the fifteenth
dialog: century by an astrologer named
dialog: Basileus. In it he describes
text: the building of a certain device.
dialog: One that can see into the future,
dialog: As legend has it, it was described
dialog: to him while under demonic
dialog: possession.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Needless to say, his book didn't
dialog: make the Best Seller's List.
text: After reading it, the church
text: burned him at the stake. His
dialog: writings, however, survived.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: I just can't believe he built
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What're you talking about?
speaker_heading: KALINA
text: Basileus' device. The Eye of
dialog: Hell.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're standing in the middle of a
dialog: machine designed by the Devil...
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT GLASS CORRIDOR - WITH RAFKIN AND MAGGIE 62
text: Rafkin and Maggie continue down the dark corridor. A
text: figure moves in and out of shadows following them.
text: Rafkin notices the lurking ghost with the glasses.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: We got company...
text: He hurries Maggie down the corridor. Suddenly,
text: another figure, the Suicide, crosses the corridor in
text: front of them, slipping into the shadows.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 62
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Did you see that?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: See what? I don't have glasses,
dialog: you moron.
text: Rafkin backs down the hall, Maggie behind him.
text: He catches a quick glimpse of the first figure again.
text: This time it's closer.
text: He re-checks the other corridor, and the Suicide is there.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (nervous )
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: If it's down here it's not a good
dialog: thing, trust me.
text: Rafkin spins around, and the '50s kid is on top of him.
text: He swings his bat madly at Rafkin, connecting on the
text: last swing. Rafkin, in an explosion of sparks, goes
dialog: sailing.
text: Maggie quickly scoops Rafkin up and starts hauling him
text: down the corridor with the Suicide in pursuit.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT GLASS CORRIDOR - WITH ARTHUR, KATHY AND 63
speaker_heading: KALINA
text: Arthur addresses Kalina as Kathy looks on.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Look, I don't give a damn about
dialog: any machine, any devil, anybody
dialog: named Basileus anything except
dialog: getting my family the hell out of
dialog: here. Now if that book showed
dialog: you how to get in, can it show
dialog: us how to get out?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Possibly --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 64.
scene_heading: 63 CONTINUED: 63
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Good. Good. Finally. We're on to
dialog: something here. We're communicating.
dialog: This is good. All we need is a
dialog: little cooperation from you and that
dialog: book, and we can all go home.
dialog: Correct?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Alright, I'll help you get out but
dialog: you, in turn, have to help me. I
dialog: came here to free those trapped by
dialog: your uncle. Tonight. You want out?
dialog: You have to help me, too.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Do I have a choice?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Yeah. I could free us all. Here.
dialog: Now.
text: Kalina opens her bag, exposing sticks of dynamite.
text: Arthur swallows hard. This wasn't the option he had
dialog: in mind.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Al-right... this is negotiable.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Kathy, can you walk -- ?
text: Arthur turns around to see -- Kathy's gone.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Kathy! Kathy!!!
text: Arthur searches everywhere, but it appears that Kathy's
text: just vanished.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: No!! This can't be happening!!
text: Kalina watches him lose it. She notices something move
text: above her.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: C'mon, we gotta get out of here.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I'm not going anywhere without my
dialog: kids!
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Try telling him that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: 64A
dialog: 65
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 63
text: Kalina gestures to a little boy ghost standing on the
text: ceiling. The ghost issues a hateful, unholy hiss. Arthur
text: notices him and quickly changes his mind.
text: They flee down the corridor, until they finally see the
text: stairs coming up. Freedom. One last corner to go,
dialog: when -- wham -- show's over.
text: A sheet of glass blocks their path to the stairs.
dialog: What's worse is that when they turn around -- the
text: ghost is gone.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Shit... where'd he go...?
dialog: OFF their panicked looks, we...
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLOCKWORK ROOM 64
text: We MOVE IN ON the huge clockworks. They spin at a
text: tremendous speed now. We pull into the control panel
text: mechanism. The symbols shift, and the 9th meter, the
text: sign of the HAMMER slides forward... and CLICKS into place.
text: And the house begins to move again... releasing the
dialog: ghost.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 640
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - WITH RAFKIN AND MAGGIE 65
text: Rafkin and Maggie rush forward. Maggie's on edge, her
text: eyes darting around, checking all the dark corners of the
dialog: corridors.
text: The HOUSE suddenly begins to MOVE again. At the end of
text: the HALLWAY a door opens, while walls around them start to
text: CLOSE IN and crush them.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Look out! Move!
text: Rafkin shoves her out of the crushing hallway, as the
text: wall forces him into the open doorway.
text: The glass WALL SLAMS CLOSED between them, and the house
text: goes silent again. Stops moving.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 65
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 65
text: Rafkin and Maggie can see each other through the glass.
text: Rafkin notices the glasses in Maggie's hand.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Great...
text: His head begins pounding. Something's not right. Then
text: he turns around, and realizes where he is...
scene_heading: INT. HAMMER'S ROOM
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Oh, shit... go around to the door
dialog: and toss me the glasses.
text: Maggie walks around the corner, and sees the Suicide
text: standing there. She quickly backpedals back to where
dialog: she was before.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: That idea ain't gonna work, you
dialog: gotta plan B?
text: She looks back THROUGH the glass for Rafkin, and spots --
text: The Hammer is standing right behind him, smiling.
text: Rafkin reacts to Maggie's panicked look.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (mouthing)
dialog: What?
text: The Hammer raises his weapon, about to swing down on
text: Rafkin. Maggie quickly points to the side away from
dialog: the Hammer.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Move!
text: Rafkin jumps over as the Hammer swings. The Hammer
text: strikes the floor where Rafkin just was. Sparks fly.
text: Rafkin nervously looks at Maggie.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (mouthing)
dialog: The spells? Where... are...
dialog: the... spells?
text: Maggie checks the floor. She notices the glowing spells,
text: but Rafkin's not standing on them. The Hammer's now
dialog: gone...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 65
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 66A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (1A) 65
text: Maggie pushes both of her hands forward.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Back!!
text: Rafkin hops back, like a little frog, just as the Hammer
text: reappears and swings, missing Rafkin and hitting an
text: invisible wall. More sparks fly.
text: Rafkin's sweating profusely now. He doesn't move. He's
text: standing on the spells. One wrong step and he's dead.
text: He glances around knowing the Hammer's presence is very
text: close by.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 65
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 65
text: The exit door is about ten feet away. He'd never be able
dialog: to make a run for it.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: You have to... lead me... out.
text: Maggie looks down at the path of spells on the floor,
text: and it's a jagged path to the door.
text: Then she sees the Hammer standing over Rafkin like an
text: executioner, waiting to bring down his ax. One wrong
dialog: step, and...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Oh, crap.
text: Rafkin looks at her hopefully. Maggie nods.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Okay. Right foot. Step right.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Right?
text: Maggie nods. Rafkin raises his right foot, hovering it
text: over the floor, looking for Maggie to okay the step.
text: She nods again. Rafkin takes the step.
text: Rafkin squints, ready to get hit. But the Hammer's gone.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Whew...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Left foot.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Left foot?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Right foot?
text: Maggie waves and shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: Left foot. Forward.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: It's like playing friggin' Twister
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 65
text: Rafkin sets his left foot forward. Again he's safe.
text: Maggie nods, motioning him straight, onward. Another safe
text: step. He might just make it out of here alive after all.
text: And that's when Maggie sees the Suicide turn the
text: corridor and she's coming right at her.
text: Maggie, scared out of her wits, wants to run, but she
text: still has to deal with Rafkin.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Another right.
text: Rafkin goes to take a step with his right foot, and walk
text: right off the spells. Maggie's not watching, she's more
text: concerned with the Suicide heading in her direction.
text: Maggie turns back just in time and sees the Hammer right
text: in front of Rafkin --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Shit! Just jump!
text: Rafkin takes a flying leap towards the door.
text: He makes it out safely, and rushes over to Maggie. Gives
text: her a big "thank you" kiss on the lips.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: I owe you big time.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Fine. Just get me outta here.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN FLOOR 66
text: Rafkin, peeking out of the basement stairwell, surveys
text: the main floor with the glasses.
text: Everything looks clear. But it's all the dark areas of
dialog: the house. Your eyes can easily play tricks on you.
text: Seeing movements that may or may not be there.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: See anything?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: No... that's what makes me
dialog: nervous...
text: Rafkin and Maggie move slowly through the room. Maggie's
text: clamped onto Rafkin, petrified.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: 67 INT. TRAP ROOM - WITH BOBBY AND KATHY - SAME TIME 67
text: Kathy comes suddenly awake, rubbing her head.
dialog: Focusing!--
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Wha-what happ -- ?
text: She looks around the room. Bobby's sitting beside her.
text: Dried tear streaks run down his face.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Kath...
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Bobby... oh, my God... are you
dialog: alright? We've been looking all
dialog: over for you.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (near tears again)
dialog: I saw you and Dad before. I
dialog: yelled but you didn't see me.
text: She sits up, puts her arms around him.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: It's gonna be okay.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Mom's here.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Where are we? What part of the
dialog: house?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I don't know. Mom's here, Kathy.
text: Kathy looks at him.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: What do you mean? Here?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: She's one of them. She's like
dialog: in the hospital, with all those
text: bandages on her.
text: Kathy doesn't know what to say.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Do you believe me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 70.
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: 67
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: I'm not sure what to believe...
text: Kathy holds her brother close while they wait.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Kath?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I hate this house. I just wanna
dialog: go home.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: I know, kiddo, so do I. We're
dialog: gonna get out of here soon. I'm
dialog: sure Dad's on his way right now.
dialog: OFF her hopeful look, we...
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: 68 INT. BASEMENT - WITH ARTHUR AND KALINA 68
text: Arthur and Kalina are in front of the blocked-off
text: staircase. Kalina's flipping through her book, studying
text: the map of the house.
text: Arthur keeps lookout for anything out of the ordinary.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Find anything?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Not yet.
text: Arthur turns back around... and now, at the end of the
text: hallway is -- the Jackal.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Oh, damn... it's back... hurry
dialog: up!
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: I'm hurrying.
text: But when he looks back, it's gone...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Shit... I lost it!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 68
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 68
text: Arthur panics.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Do something for Christ's sake!
text: Kalina gets in Arthur's face --
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Show. A little. Backbone. No
dialog: matter how much I hated your
dialog: uncle, he always managed some.
text: The words sting Arthur, and for the first time he knows
dialog: it's always been a problem.
text: Kalina's still rifling through her book.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: If I can just pinpoint where
dialog: things have moved to...
text: Arthur peers around the corner, and the Jackal's back.
text: Closer.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You wanna read a little faster!
dialog: Our friend's back.
text: Kalina drops her knapsack to the floor. Removes a flare
text: from her bag. Hands it to Arthur.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Light it. It's quicksilver.
text: Arthur IGNITES the FLARE.
speaker_heading: KALINA
text: The burning metal disrupts its
dialog: spiritual energy and buys us time.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: How many of these do you have left?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Three.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Three? You couldn't have brought
dialog: a few more?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 71a.
scene_heading: 68 CONTINUED: (1A) 68
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: I didn't plan on giving a tour of
dialog: the place.
dialog: (finds what she's
dialog: looking for in
dialog: book)
dialog: Here it is...
text: The book is opened to one of the layouts. A red square
text: is indicated in one of the "blocks."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 68
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: We gotta get to the library. It
dialog: has spell protection all around
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Where is it from here?
text: Kalina shifts the book around to see where they are.
speaker_heading: KALINA
text: Above us, to the right.
text: Kalina notices the glass blocks above them in the
text: ceiling. Arthur sees where she's going with this, and
dialog: we...
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN FLOOR - CORRIDOR - WITH RAFKIN AND MAGGIE 69
text: Rafkin and Maggie have backed themselves into a corner.
text: Rafkin's looking at two figures, the Fat Man and the
text: Little Woman, making their way down the corridors to
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Just tell me when I'm supposed to
dialog: scream, because I ain't gonna die
dialog: without screaming my goddamn head
dialog: off!
text: Rafkin's looking at the two ghosts, the Fat Man and
text: Little Woman, through the glasses. They quickly slip
text: back into the darkness. He notices the pilgrims on
text: the other end of the corridor. They're being cornered.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
text: Not yet, but take a deep breath.
text: Suddenly, a glass block in the floor behind them pops
text: open, and a flare is tossed through.
text: It lands on the floor, illuminating the corridor.
text: The ghostly figures quickly disperse...
text: A hand appears, and Kalina is shoved through the hole.
text: Maggie screams. Rafkin freaks --
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: What the hell --
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - WITH ARTHUR 70
text: Kalina's legs disappear through the ceiling. Arthur,
text: holding out the flare, scans the basement around him.
text: The figures still remain at bay. That's when the flare
text: burns out.
text: Arthur shakes it once, twice, then, knowing it's out for
text: good, stands alone, helpless in the single patch of light
text: coming from the ceiling.
text: He looks to his left and sees the crab-like creature
text: scurrying down the corridor. From the other direction
text: comes a large silhouette (which is the Hammer).
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Ms. Ortezia...
scene_heading: INT. MAIN FLOOR - CORRIDOR - WITH RAFKIN, MAGGIE AND 71
speaker_heading: KALINA
text: Kalina notices the two of them. Rafkin recognizes her.
text: She recognizes him.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: I should ask you the same
dialog: question. Heretic.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Hack.
text: They both size each other up.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (0.S.)
dialog: (calling up from
dialog: below)
dialog: Hey! Remember me?!
text: Rafkin and Maggie peer into the hole and see Arthur
dialog: below.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Oh, shit! Pull him up! Pull him
dialog: up!!
text: Rafkin reaches his hand into the hole, and Arthur grabs
text: it. They pull him up through the hole... just as the
text: Hammer swings. An EXPLOSION of SPARKS ERUPTS in the
dialog: basement.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: 71
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Thank for taking your time.
dialog: Really.
text: Kalina rechecks the book --
speaker_heading: KALINA
text: Alright, at the end of the hall,
dialog: make a right... then another
dialog: right... then --
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Where we going?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: The library. It's the safest
text: place in the house, the walls are
text: surrounded entirely with spells.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (re: her book)
dialog: How the hell would you know?
text: Kalina holds up the book. Rafkin ain't biting.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Trust me.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Arthur?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Trust her.
text: Arthur notices the flare going out.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Now could we please just save all
dialog: our questions for the library?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Alright, let's move.
text: Kalina IGNITES another FLARE, and guides them down the
dialog: corridors.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Where'd your daughter go?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I don't know. She disappeared.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 75.
scene_heading: 71 CONTINUED: (2) 71
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: How can you lose an entire family
dialog: in a glass house?
text: Arthur tosses Rafkin a look just as they turn a corner,
text: and the Jackal leaps out of the shadows and pounces on
text: Arthur's back.
text: The Jackal's tearing into Arthur, dragging him down the
dialog: hallway.
text: Kalina tosses her flare down the hall at them, and the
text: ghost jumps off Arthur, shrieking.
text: Rafkin quickly grabs Arthur and pulls him into the
dialog: library.
scene_heading: 72 INT. MAIN FLOOR - LIBRARY 72
text: They stumble in.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: So much for quicksilver...
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: We should be safe in here...
text: Arthur lands on the couch, in pain. Maggie's by his
dialog: side.
text: Rafkin bangs on the glass, pissed.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Shit, you'd think I'd be used to
dialog: these things by now.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: They don't seem to like you
dialog: either...
text: Kalina takes a seat at the desk, begins reading through
dialog: her book.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: .-. I wonder why.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Look, you got something to say,
text: spit it out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 76.
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Alright... let's start with...
dialog: this is all your fault! If you
dialog: hadn't caught them, we wouldn't be
dialog: running from them now, would we?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Hey, I didn't build this house.
dialog: Blame his crazy uncle for that
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: But you helped him. How could you
dialog: help him without knowing what he
dialog: was up to?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: I had my reasons.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: You stole people's souls for
dialog: money. How depraved is that?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Before that I was working for a
dialog: psychic hotline. Try that for
dialog: depraved.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, Cyrus took me in when no one
dialog: else would. In case you haven't
dialog: noticed... I... am... a... FREAK.
dialog: Dead people give me migraines. I
dialog: can't touch a single person
dialog: without suddenly seeing all their
dialog: problems.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you know how lonely that is?
dialog: No one accepted me except him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: He didn't accept you. He used
dialog: you.
text: Rafkin looks away, ashamed.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (to Kalina)
dialog: Look, cut me some slack, what
dialog: difference does it make? These
dialog: things are all killers anyway,
dialog: so what do we care?
text: A beat passes, Kalina turns to Rafkin --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 72
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 72
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: You didn't tell him, did you?
text: Rafkin lowers his head.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Tell me what?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: About the fourth ghost?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Don't do this.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: He has a right to know.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: What about the fourth ghost?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Let me help you out... St. Luke's
dialog: Hospital, six months ago.
text: The realization hits Arthur hard. He turns to Rafkin.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Jean's... here...?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: I had no idea she was your wife,
dialog: Arthur, I swear.
text: Arthur clocks Rafkin with a roundhouse punch, sending him
text: flying over the couch.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Why? She never hurt anyone...
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: I don't know... Cyrus handpicked
dialog: every one of ‘em. Your wife
dialog: included. When I realized who
dialog: you were I tried to help --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Tried to help?! We're trapped, my
dialog: kids are missing, my wife, who
dialog: should be resting in peace, is
text: being held hostage by the house
dialog: from hell, and you call this
dialog: HELP?! She's right. This is all
dialog: your goddamn fault.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 72
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 72
text: Rafkin takes the scolding. Arthur paces the room.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Son of a bitch!
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: There is a way to save her,
dialog: Arthur. And your kids, too.
text: Arthur stops pacing. Turns to her --
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: This house... it isn't a house,
text: it's a machine. It's a complete
text: recreation of Basileus' design.
dialog: (reading from the
dialog: book)
dialog: According to this, there should
dialog: only be twelve earthbound spirits
dialog: trapped inside here.
text: Arthur walks over and she shows him the book.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: (re: book)
dialog: You see these? They're the Black
dialog: Zodiac. They represent the
dialog: different ghosts that Cyrus needed
dialog: to catch.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: The Withered Lover, the First Born
dialog: Son, the Torn Prince. And here...
dialog: the Bound Lady, the Great Child
dialog: and the Dire Mother... the Suicide,
dialog: the Torso, and the Buried Maiden...
dialog: then there's the three death signs,
dialog: the sign of Hell's Winter... the
dialog: Hammer, the Hyena, and the
dialog: Juggernaut...
text: As Kalina counts through the ghosts of Arthur, forever
text: the math teacher, instinctively counts them off on his
text: fingers. Kalina flips through a few more pages.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: According to Basileus, this
dialog: machine requires the energy of
dialog: these specific spirits in order
dialog: to bring it to life. Once
text: engaged, the spirits are freed one
dialog: by one, each adding its energy to
text: the machine... powering it up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 72
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 72
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Powering it up for what?
speaker_heading: KALINA
text: To open the Ocularis Infernum.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: The Ocularis? What's that?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: It's Latin. It means the Eye of
dialog: Hell.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: The Eye of Hell?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Come on, Arthur. This is
dialog: bullshit.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: I saw a man carrying his own head.
dialog: The Eye of Hell isn't a stretch.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: KALINA
text: In Hell, there's an eye that sees
dialog: the whole world. Past and future,
dialog: heaven and earth, the blessed and
dialog: the damned. If knowledge is
text: power, then the man who controls
dialog: the Ocularis would be the most
dialog: powerful man on earth. Your
dialog: uncle was planning to become God.
text: A beat passes...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: So how many ghosts have been set
dialog: free?
text: Kalina checks the book.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Eleven.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: And it needs twelve ghosts to
dialog: power it up?
text: Rafkin shakes his head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 80.
scene_heading: 72 CONTINUED: (5) 72
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Uh-uh. Uh-uh. What about this
dialog: thirteenth ghost? Even Damon
dialog: mentioned it.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: It's a fail safe. Yes. In order
dialog: to stop the process. The house
dialog: needs a sacrifice of life, instead
dialog: of death.
dialog: (beat)
text: A willing... human... sacrifice.
text: The sacrifice of the Broken Heart.
text: All eyes turn on Arthur.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: «+. the thirteenth ghost...?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Exactly. The thirteenth spirit
text: stands before the eye as the final
text: configuration culminates. As the
text: eye opens, the spirit uses the
dialog: power of life to, essentially,
text: short circuit the system.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Uses the ‘power of life'...?
text: Kalina swallows hard.
speaker_heading: KALINA
text: By leaping into the eye.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Thanks for painting the picture.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (scoffing)
dialog: Power of life...
dialog: (re: her book)
dialog: Let me see that...
text: Rafkin studies the book, looking at it from different
dialog: angles.
dialog: at.
text: It's obvious he doesn't know what he's looking
text: A beat passes...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Isn't there any other way?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 72
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (6) 72
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: We can try it the old-fashioned
dialog: way... but nobody's going to be
text: able to brag about it later.
text: She opens her bag. Shows Maggie and Rafkin the dynamite.
text: A long beat passes...
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Whatever we decide, we have to
text: come up with a game plan soon.
text: Time's running out.
text: Rafkin takes a seat next to Arthur on the couch.
text: Kalina's out of earshot, working out their plan.
text: Arthur thinking, while fidgeting with Rafkin's Power and
text: Light tool belt, left there from before.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Hey, I know why you feel you have
dialog: to do this...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Get away from me.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Psychics call it linking... we
dialog: linked earlier. I know everything.
dialog: About Jean. About you...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Believe me. You did the right
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I'm not gonna listen to this from
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
text: But Kalina's talking suicide,
dialog: Arthur.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Yeah, and if it saves my kids --
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: But how do you know she's right?
dialog: Think about it for a second. It
dialog: just doesn't add up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 82.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED:
dialog: (7) 72
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: And what does? Huh, Dennis? How
dialog: much of this fucking equation
dialog: makes sense!? You got a better
dialog: idea because I'm fresh out of
dialog: sanity at the moment!?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Just think about it for a minute,
dialog: that's all.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: In case you haven't been counting
dialog: I'm out of time here. There
dialog: aren't many options to consider,
dialog: Mr. Psychic.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: What happend to Kathy and Bobby's
dialog: options? You gonna give up on
dialog: those, too?
text: Arthur grabs Rafkin by the shirt and pins him to the
dialog: wall.
dialog: Arthur is
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You can go to hell!! You hear me,
dialog: you son of a bitch!! To hell.
dialog: All I can think about are my kids.
dialog: Goddammit, I don't even know if
dialog: they're alive...
dialog: 
text: just about to lose it when Rafkin approaches.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Then let's find out, Arthur. For
text: them. While there's still time.
dialog: So you'll know. So we'll all know.
text: After listening to Rafkin, Arthur recollects himself.
dialog: One last time.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (to Kalina)
dialog: No matter what happens to me, to
dialog: us all, do you think you can stop
dialog: the machine?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: I got enough dynamite here to blow
dialog: this place back to the Fifteenth
dialog: Century if that's the question?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (8) 72
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Okay. How many flares do you have
dialog: left?
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: One. Why?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: We're going out again.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Arthur! That's crazy!! Those
dialog: things out there will kill you!
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Not if we take that.
text: Arthur points at one of the doors in the library. He and
text: Rafkin remove the hinges off the spell-etched glass door,
text: using the tools from the belt. Written inside are the
text: spells. He hands the door to Rafkin.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Alright... we got ourselves a
dialog: Captain America shield baby.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: You have about ten minutes before
text: the last ghost is released and the
dialog: ectoplasmic shit hits the cosmic
dialog: fan.
text: Arthur nods. Maggie and Arthur share a last look, then
text: follow Rafkin out the door of the library.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - WITH ARTHUR AND RAFKIN 73
text: They're both holding opposite sides of the door. The
text: corridor's empty. Covered with dark patches. They
text: carefully inch their way down the corridor, passing
text: dark areas.
text: They reach a couple of dark patches, and slowly walk
dialog: past. Prepared for anything...
text: When suddenly, out of the shadows, the '50s Kid swings
text: his bat, and smacks the door -- sparks fly.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Shit -- he's swinging for the
dialog: fence.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 84.
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED: 73
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Ram him on three...
text: Rafkin and Arthur brace themselves. The '50s Kid
text: continues to whack away at the door.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (fast count)
dialog: One-two-three!
text: They drive the '50s Kid into the wall. Pressing the door
text: against him. Sparks light up the corridor. The '50s Kid
text: is going crazy. There's a huge burst of ecto-plasmic
text: sparks, then he vanishes.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: That's more like it.
text: Arthur spots an opening behind them.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: This way...
text: Arthur guides them down another corridor.
speaker_heading: 74 OMITTED 74
scene_heading: 740A INT. HALLWAY - BASEMENT 740A
text: After flashing a flare before them, Kalina and Maggie
text: drop through the ceiling, back into the basement.
text: They make their way through the glass hallway, coming to
text: a door. As Kalina approaches it, she stumbled across
text: Ben's sliced corpse.
text: Maggie gasps at the remains.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Oh... God... Looks like we found
dialog: the lawyer.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Hold the flare still. I'm almost
dialog: there.
text: Kalina reaches around the doorway, clicks the door open.
scene_heading: 75 INT. BASEMENT - CLOCKWORKS ROOM 75
text: The GEARS are spinning and GRINDING at the highest speed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 75
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 75
text: Kalina quickly rushes over to the base of the machine
text: with the Arcanum, trying to figure out how it works.
text: A shadow figures moves past the door outside the
text: clockworks room.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Hurry up!
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: I'm working on it!
text: Kalina's following the manual. She studies the different
text: levers and what each does.
text: Maggie turns and comes face-to-face with Cyrus's ghost.
text: She jumps, then quickly jabs the flare at him. But to
text: her surprise, he doesn't react...
text: Instead, he takes a step towards her. She tries to ward
text: him off again with the flare... but he takes another
dialog: step.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Damn... Kalina... you better get
dialog: over here... this shit ain't
dialog: workin' anymore!
text: Maggie's panicking... and then her flare starts to go
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Hurry your ass up!
text: Maggie backs up... and she's hit over the head from
text: behind. She lands on the floor and goes out like a
text: light.
text: Cyrus's ghost approaches the body. And so does Kalina...
text: The faint flare illuminates both of them.
text: In Kalina's hand, we see the Arcanum. It's obvious she
text: just struck Maggie with it.
text: Kalina removes her glasses, and looks over at Cyrus's
text: ghost. He's still there, hasn't vanished.
text: They embrace and kiss.
text: And then the flare completely goes out, plunging the room
dialog: into darkness, and we...
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
dialog: 76
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 85A.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY 76
text: Arthur and Rafkin are still walking the halls, wearing
text: glasses. They're on edge, nervously looking in all
dialog: directions. At any moment, something could jump out
text: of the shadows at them.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: ‘There's no place like home,
dialog: there's no place like home...'
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Knock it off.
text: Rafkin spots the Hammer appear behind Arthur at the end
text: of the hall. The Hammer makes eye contact with Rafkin,
dialog: and charges.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Oh, shit.
text: Before Arthur even has time to turn around, Rafkin
text: heroically shoves Arthur into the corner, pinning him
text: safely behind the shield.
text: Rafkin turns and faces the charging Hammer. He's leaning
text: back on the glass, preventing Arthur from getting out.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (behind the door)
dialog: What're you doing?!
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Don't worry about it, Arthur...
dialog: I've been looking for a reason
dialog: to like myself for a long time
dialog: now.
text: The Hammer approaches, but Rafkin's not running. The
text: Hammer stops right in front of Rafkin. Rafkin gulps.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (behind glass)
dialog: Dennis, no! Don't do this!
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (to the Hammer)
dialog: Hey, big guy, no hard feelings,
dialog: huh?
dialog: (stops himself)
dialog: Who am I kidding... look at you...
text: The Hammer prepares to strike, when --
text: A TERRIFYING HOWL comes from the belly of the house. It
dialog: gets everyone's attention, even the ghosts...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What the hell was that?
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: Christ...
dialog: (to Arthur)
dialog: We're out of time...
text: Rafkin turns back to the Hammer, who grins an evil grin.
text: Then strikes...
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CLOCKWORKS ROOM 77
dialog: releasing
text: Another HOWL ECHOES through the room. Cyrus and Kalina
text: watch as the 12TH SIGN lines up and CLICKS into place...
dialog: the Breaker.
text: Kalina turns to him pissed.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: You know, it's one thing for me to
dialog: have spent all that time with that
dialog: idiot Damon, kill him, and then
dialog: steal his spells -- now I gotta
dialog: babysit your stupid nephew so he
dialog: doesn't get himself killed before
dialog: you need him. Enough is enough,
dialog: Cyrus.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: But you did bring me Damon's
dialog: spells, right?
text: Kalina removes the book from her bag. She tears the
text: leather covering off the back of the book, and inside
dialog: is a thin
text: reel of audio tape.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 77
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: I got your spells. But a deal's a
dialog: deal, remember, we share
dialog: everything... fifty-fifty.
text: Cyrus snatches it from her, holds it up to the light, and
text: examines it. Smiles when he realizes they're authentic.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Don't you worry, Kalina, you'll
dialog: get everything you deserve.
text: Cyrus places a reel-to-reel machine on the table.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - WITH RAFKIN AND ARTHUR 78
text: The Hammer swings on Rafkin, who dodges the attack. The
text: strike WHACKS the GLASS, sparks fly, Arthur reacts.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (getting cocky)
dialog: That the best you can do? My
dialog: mother hits harder than that.
text: The Hammer's now enraged. He swings again... and again
text: Rafkin dodges the strikes, bobbing and weaving, like Ali
text: in the ring.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: You ain't got no speed, old man.
dialog: What's the matter, that hammer
dialog: weighing you down?
text: The Hammer's swinging wildly, but Rafkin, surprisingly,
text: has quicker reflexes, and it's pissing the Hammer off.
text: Rafkin evades another attack, and out of the corner of
text: his eye, he spots the Breaker turning the corner...
text: From his massive size, he realizes who it is.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: Mother of Christ...
text: Arthur sees the Breaker approaching. He grows larger
text: as he gets closer...
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CLOCKWORKS ROOM 79
text: Cyrus is setting up a reel-to-reel machine. Kalina's
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 79
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: So, what're you gonna do now?
dialog: Your nephew believes the sacrifice
dialog: is gonna stop this thing, but
dialog: you'll never get him to jump into
text: the eye, not until he finds his
dialog: kids.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Then let's give them to him...
dialog: (tosses her some
dialog: rope)
dialog: Go tie them up.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Cyrus, I can't...
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Why not? You know as well as I do
dialog: that human lives are the price of
dialog: human achievement. How many lives
dialog: went into the construction of the
dialog: Pyramids? Or the Great Wall of
dialog: China? Or the space program?
dialog: It's Darwinism at its finest.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now step aside... I need to finish
dialog: setting this up. And you need to
dialog: do your job...
text: Kalina walks out of the room with the rope, and Cyrus
text: finishes threading the reel-to-reel machine with the
text: audio tape. Then he flips a switch...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - WITH RAFKIN AND ARTHUR 80
text: Arthur watches helplessly, as Rafkin is smacked by the
text: Hammer, right into the Breaker's arms.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: No!!
text: Arthur pushes the glass off him to get out, but the
text: Breaker slams Rafkin into the glass, which again pins
text: Arthur behind it.
text: Rafkin tries to crawl away, but the Hammer smashes him
text: over the back with his hammer.
text: Rafkin is bloody and bruised, on his last legs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 80
text: Arthur once again tries to push the glass off him to get
text: out, but Rafkin slaps his bloody hand on the glass.
text: Makes eye contact with Arthur. Shakes his head, telling
dialog: Arthur not to come out.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: (slurring)
dialog: Save your kids...
text: The Breaker picks Rafkin up and smashes him against the
text: glass door. His broken body leaves a bloody smear as it
text: slides to the floor.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Dennis!!
text: Arthur sinks to his knees, crushed. He looks up and the
text: ghosts are gone. He completely falls apart...
text: Then suddenly, another ghost appears on the other side of
text: the glass. Arthur looks up and sees --
text: Jean, as we saw her before, standing there, staring at
dialog: him.
text: Arthur looks at her, dumbstruck.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Jean...?
text: She tilts her head in response, sadness and longing in
text: her face. Arthur can't hold it back anymore, a wave of
text: emotion rushes over him and he bursts into tears.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I'm so sorry... please forgive me...
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: I should've went back in after you...
dialog: I --
text: Jean looks at him, shakes her head, letting him know he
dialog: did the right thing.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I miss you so much...
text: Arthur reaches out and places his hand against the glass
dialog: to touch her on the other side, when...
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CLOCKWORKS ROOM 81
text: Cyrus finishes setting up the REEL-TO-REEL, then he
text: switches ON the MACHINE.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 81
text: A CHANTING sound (the spells being read over and over),
text: very similar to what was used to lure the Breaker in the
text: opening scene, comes OVER the SPEAKERS in the house, only
text: these are richer in tone and texture. Stronger.
text: Cyrus turns to Kalina --
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Time to finish this...
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - VARIOUS SHOTS OF GHOSTS 82
text: reacting with revulsion as they're engulfed by the
text: CHANTING. They slowly begin to vanish one by one.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - WITH ARTHUR AND JEAN 83
text: Arthur has his hand on the glass. Jean's about to put
text: her hand against his, when the CHANTING sound hits her...
text: and her hand slowly fades out of sight.
text: Arthur watches her disappear in front of him... leaving
text: Arthur Kriticos completely alone.
text: A beat passes... then Arthur looks up and sees --
text: Kathy and Bobby rising out of the center island of the
text: Ocularis in the great hall. Tied back to back they are
dialog: helpless.
dialog: OFF Arthur's reaction, we...
speaker_heading: OMITTED 84
scene_heading: INT. CLOCKWORKS ROOM 85
text: Cyrus steps over Maggie's body, heads to the door.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: The final configuration's
dialog: starting... gather your things,
dialog: let's go...
text: Kalina picks up her knapsack. Then abruptly, she hears
text: a HISS, turns -- Cyrus has stepped through an open
text: doorway on the neighboring wall, and that DOOR has
text: just snapped shut.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 85
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Cyrus?
text: Cyrus presses a stud. There's another HISS. Kalina
text: turns pale.
text: The door separating her from the fallen Maggie has just
text: slid aside. She turns to Cyrus --
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Cyrus! Stop screwing around!
dialog: Let me outta here!
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Good-bye, my dear... thanks for
dialog: all your help. Maybe we'll see
text: each other again on the other
dialog: side.
text: He smiles, hits another switch.
text: The walls surrounding Kalina begin closing in on her.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Motherfu --
text: She kicks the glass! Tries holding it back, no use. It
text: keeps coming.
text: Panic starts to set in.
text: The glass moves in closer. Finally pinning her.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Oh, God... no... please...
text: Her face is pressed up against the glass, her breasts
text: flattened. Her eyes go wide. She starts to scream and
dialog: scream...
text: We start to hear the SNAPPING of RIBS. Her arms narrower
text: than her body, claw uselessly at the glass.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Aaabh...
text: Her head, now turned sideways, is being pressed flatter
text: and flatter... abruptly there's a ghastly dull CLUNK as
text: her SKULL SPLITS and blood and brains splatter out.
text: The walls continue to close, crushing her body,
text: flattening, distending it, until there is nothing
text: recognizable.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 85
text: And still the walls keep closing, until the entire inner
text: surface, from wall to wall and floor to ceiling is filled
text: with a microscopically thin red smear that was once
dialog: Kalina.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL 86
text: The CHANTING is ECHOING through the house. The Ocularis
text: has begun to spin with Kathy and Bobby still seated in
text: the center. One of the OUTER RINGS is slowly circling
text: around them, when it suddenly LIFTS UP, swirling around
text: them like a blade.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Kathy!
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Don't look!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I don't wanna look!
text: Then the SECOND OUTER RING FLAPS UP next, and begins
text: spinning in the opposite direction.
text: Arthur appears in the doorway to the great hall. The
text: kids spot him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Dad!!
text: Arthur sees their predicament. Raises his glasses.
text: Along with them are the ghosts surrounding the kids,
text: each standing next to their symbols along the outermost
dialog: ring.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Daddy... get us out of here...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Just don't move.
text: Arthur approaches the outer ring, just as a THIRD INNER
text: RING FLAPS UP, spinning in yet another direction,
text: creating the combination of a meat grinder and a mixer.
text: The Ocularis is working its way closer to the kids --
text: The kids slouch down.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Make it stop, Dad! Make it stop!
speaker_heading: 86A
speaker_heading: 86B
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 93.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN FLOOR CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION 86A
text: Arthur notices Cyrus's ghost standing at the end of the
text: corridor, a spectator to the deadly game. He's taken
text: aback by the old man's presence, finally recognizing him.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Cyrus...?
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: Damn you for building this place!
text: Cyrus doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Do something! Help me save the
dialog: kids!
text: The ghost raises his hand, pointing into the Ocularis,
text: motioning for Arthur to jump in... and that will stop
dialog: everything.
text: A FOURTH INNER RING FLAPS UP, working its way closer to
text: the center. The kids are freaking out.
text: Arthur looks from his kids, to the spinning rings, and
text: back to Cyrus again. He wrestles with what he should
dialog: do...
text: Then his eyes land on Jean. She looks so sad, staring at
text: her hysterical kids, helpless.
text: Arthur's choice is made. He steps up to the Ocularis,
text: standing in front of the spinning gears. He prepares
text: himself for what he's about to do.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - CONTINUOUS ACTION 86B
text: Arthur starts forward into the hall, ready to take his
text: place amongst the ghosts.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (to kids)
dialog: I want you guys to know... I love
dialog: you both more than anything.
text: The kids realize what he's doing.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Dad! Don't!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Daddy!
text: It kills Arthur to see them like this. He can't let them
dialog: die and make the same mistake he made before.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 86B
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 94,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 86B
dialog: He'd never be able to live with himself. This is his
dialog: chance to redeem himself for Jean.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: It's the only way. I'm sorry.
dialog: Take care of each other...
text: Arthur takes a long look around at the macabre scene
text: before him. First, to the ghosts that circle the Eye,
text: each still trapped in his or her own hell. Then Arthur
text: focuses on the blades that swirl around him, threatening
text: to dice his family, all that he loves. Then Arthur looks
text: down into the fiery mechanical purgatory that is the Eye
text: of Hell, its gigantic GEARS GRINDING away, the steel
text: bathed in crimson light, driving the house/machine toward
text: its fantastic culmination.
text: Finally to the symbols on the outer ring that flash by at
text: Arthur's feet.
dialog: The whole effect does something to Arthur. Especially the
text: mesmerizing symbols flying by. We suddenly INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - PAGES OF ARCANUM
text: flipping by in the library in FLASHBACK, as Kalina was
dialog: explaining the ghosts.
speaker_heading: KALINA
speaker_heading: (in FLASHBACK)
dialog: According to this, there should
dialog: only be twelve earthbound spirits
dialog: trapped inside here.
dialog: We --
scene_heading: CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: ARTHUR'S HAND
dialog: doing something a math teacher does naturally -- counting
text: off with his fingers.
text: The symbols float by in Arthur's gaze in SLOW MOTION.
dialog: We --
scene_heading: CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 86B
speaker_heading: 86C
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 11/1/00 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 86B
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: Her explanation.
speaker_heading: KALINA
dialog: The Withered Lover, the First Born
dialog: Son, the Torn Prince. And here...
dialog: the Bound Lady, the Great Child
dialog: and the Dire Mother... the
text: Suicide, the Torso, and the Buried
dialog: Maiden... then there's the three
text: death signs, the sign of Hell's
dialog: Winter... the Hammer, the Hyena,
dialog: and the Juggernaut...
text: Arthur takes in each of the ghosts, confirming Kalina's
dialog: description. We --
scene_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: ARTHUR'S OTHER HAND
text: He's still tallying up the number of ghosts he's counting
text: off in his head. 9-10-11... 12.
dialog: Twelve.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Twelve.
text: Arthur flashes back to the library one final time. This
text: time it's Rafkin doing the talking.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
speaker_heading: (in FLASHBACK)
dialog: It just doesn't add up.
text: Arthur holds his hands before his eyes. 12. There are
text: twelve ghosts on the ring.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: If I'm the thirteenth...
scene_heading: INT. MAIN FLOOR CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION 86C
text: Arthur looks back into the hallway. There still stands
text: Cyrus's ghost. Arthur slowly takes off his glasses.
text: Cyrus is still standing there.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You... son-of-a-bitch...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 86C
dialog: 87
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 11/1/00 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 86C
text: Cyrus realizes he's been made. Arthur runs over and
text: grabs his uncle, throwing him into the wall. Arthur
text: throws a punch, landing a hard right on Cyrus.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Stop the machine!
text: Arthur punches Cyrus again. And again. Cyrus stumbles
text: backwards, regains himself, smiles, then goes after
dialog: Arthur.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Well, well... it's nice to see
dialog: you have some of the family blood
dialog: in you after all.
text: The two men go at it.
text: Arthur's fighting for his life. He's like a wild man,
text: throwing everything he's got, hitting Cyrus everywhere.
text: In the face, the body...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You took away everything I loved,
dialog: you monster. Everything!
dialog: (with every blow)
dialog: Now. I. Want. It. Back!
text: But Arthur has never been a warrior. Cyrus, spotting his
text: opportunity, retaliates. Cyrus connects with Arthur in
text: the face, knocking him down. Then he kicks Arthur in the
text: gut a few times, making sure he stays down.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: How dare you stand in the way of
dialog: history, Arthur! You are nothing,
dialog: you hear me. Nothing! I
dialog: dedicated my entire life to this.
dialog: Every goddamn day. When have you
dialog: ever shown that kind of dedication?
dialog: Huh? To anything?!
text: He kicks Arthur repeatedly, like a sick mind kicking a
dialog: dog to death.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: You make me sick.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - CLOCKWORKS ROOM 87
text: Maggie slowly comes to, awakened from the irritating
text: noise of the CHANTING. The huge gear works before her
text: are spinning madly now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 11/1/00 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 87
text: She notices Kalina's bloody, squashed remains in the
text: glass beyond.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (reacting to Kalina)
dialog: Jesus...
dialog: (rubbing her head)
dialog: Man, what is that noise?!
text: Then she notices the reel-to-reel machine on the table.
text: Maggie reaches the machine and looks for an off switch.
text: Can't find one. The CHANTING sound is unbearable.
text: She finally shoves the MACHINE off the table, and it goes
text: CRASHING to the floor.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL 88
text: Arthur regains himself... when Cyrus appears over him.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: The world hasn't time for small
dialog: people, Arthur. People like you,
dialog: or Dennis. Or Kalina. It needs
dialog: those who are willing to do
dialog: anything, without question, for
dialog: what they believe in.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You sonofabitch!
text: Arthur rises to attack, but Cyrus stops him with a steel
text: sword he pulls from his cane. He points the blade
text: beneath Arthur's chin. Arthur's eyes dart around,
text: searching for a last way out. Cyrus spots Arthur
dialog: thinking...
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: I'm sorry, Arthur. Unlike Jean,
dialog: you haven't got a choice this
dialog: time. Now make the sacrifice. Or
dialog: your. Children. Will. Die.
text: The CHANTING sound suddenly ENDS. Silence.
text: Cyrus looks around in shock and confusion. As does
dialog: Arthur.
text: That's when he sees Bobby's scooter come rolling behind
text: Cyrus from the other side of the corridor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: 88A
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 11/1/00 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 88
text: Arthur quickly seizes the moment and kicks Cyrus's legs,
text: throwing him off balance and stumbling backward, right
text: into the path of the scooter.
text: Like a banana peel, Cyrus slips on it and lands on his
dialog: ass.
text: Arthur scoops up the cane, as Cyrus struggles to get
text: back to his feet.
text: When Cyrus turns back around, Arthur cracks him across
text: the chest with the cane... sending Cyrus sailing down
text: the hall. He lands at the opening of the Great Hall,
text: stunned by what just happened.
text: He glances back at the scooter, then over to where it
text: came. Nothing. He slips on his glasses for a moment,
text: and there standing casually in the corridor is the ghost
dialog: of Dennis Rafkin.
speaker_heading: RAFKIN
dialog: ... never bet against human
dialog: nature, Arthur. You'll always
dialog: lose.
text: Arthur smiles in thanks.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
speaker_heading: CYRUS
text: just as he comes to on the floor. He looks up and
text: there's nothing there. Arthur puts on his glasses and
text: sees 12 very deadly ghosts standing around Cyrus. The
text: ghosts of the house reach down and grab Cyrus --
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Get away!! No!!!!
text: Arthur watches as the ghosts tear into Cyrus. It'sa
text: feeding frenzy. The last one in to tear in is the
text: Breaker. Cyrus suffers a horrible ending.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Let me go! Noo!!!
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - GHOST POV 88A
text: Cyrus is borne into the hall on the shoulders of the
dialog: ghosts he enslaved.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 88A
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 11/1/00 A98A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 88A
scene_heading: FROM CHILDREN'S POV
text: He's floating in, kicking and screaming all by himself.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: The children aren't sure what to think. They only know
dialog: they too will join their uncle unless something happens.
text: Their father rushes to the door --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (to his kids)
dialog: Don't look...
speaker_heading: GHOSTS' POV
text: The ghosts lift Cyrus above their heads, all bloody and
text: broken bones, bleeding and mangled... and throw him into
text: the spinning gears of the Ocularis.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 88A
speaker_heading: 88B
speaker_heading: 88C
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 98A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 88A
text: Blood and Bones and flesh go flying.
dialog: This, and the damage Maggie has caused down in the
text: basement causes the Ocularis to go haywire.
scene_heading: INT. CLOCKWORK ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION 88B
text: Maggie stands before the mad machine as it whirls out of
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Oh, sweet Lord. What did I do?
text: Maggie backs toward the door. The clockworks are
text: breaking apart all around her. She tries the handle.
text: It's locked.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Mutherfucka...!
text: The clockworks begin flying apart. Gears and bits of
text: machinery start bursting through the glass walls of the
text: clockworks room.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - CONTINUOUS ACTION 88C
text: The GREAT GLASS GROANS DEEPLY as the torquing of the
text: clockworks causes sheets of glass to fall from their
dialog: frames.
text: Two more rings have FLIPPED UP, the blades getting closer
text: to the center of the Ocularis and the kids.
text: GLASS begins to BREAK UP all around Arthur. Shards of
text: glass rain down. He knows he hasn't much time.
text: Kathy holds Bobby close, protecting him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Daddy! !
text: Arthur doesn't know what to do, but he does know that he
dialog: can't leave them there the same way he did with Jean.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Just hang on! I'm coming!
text: Arthur backs up, and takes a running jump through the
text: spinning blades, just barely landing on the center island
text: of the Ocularis, with Kathy and Bobby.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 88C
speaker_heading: 88D
speaker_heading: 88E
speaker_heading: 88F
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 98B.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 88C
text: He looks for a way off but between the glass and the
text: blades he knows there's no way they're getting out of
dialog: there.
text: Arthur holds them both tight, covering their eyes.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Don't move! Keep your head down!
scene_heading: INT. CLOCKWORKS ROOM - BASEMENT 88D
text: As Maggie's eyes go wide.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT GLASS CORRIDORS - VARIOUS ANGLES - SAME 88E
speaker_heading: TIME
text: Huge bits of the clockworks come flying out the walls of
text: the clockworks room, SHATTERING all the GLASS in the
dialog: basement.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL 88F
text: The HOUSE starts to BLOW APART. Glass rains down.
text: Arthur holds his kids tight.
text: The HOUSE is CRUMBLING all around them. The only place
text: that's safe is where the three of them are standing.
text: The FURY builds to a CRESCENDO of destruction, and then
dialog: finally COLLAPSES!
text: Followed by silence...
text: Dust and smoke everywhere, blurring our vision. As it
text: begins to dissipate, three figures slowly come INTO
speaker_heading: FRAME.
text: Arthur, Kathy and Bobby are standing on the only
text: remaining section of the house left... the center island
dialog: of the Ocularis.
text: All around them lies what's left of the house. A
text: veritable skeleton of steel.
text: The three of them open their eyes to survey the
dialog: destruction.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You guys okay?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 98C.
speaker_heading: 88F CONTINUED: 88F
text: Bobby nods.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: How did you know we'd be safe
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I didn't. I just wasn't about to
dialog: leave you guys.
text: Kathy pulls her father into a tight hug, she's teary-
text: eyed.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: I love you, Dad.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I love you, too.
text: As they look up, they notice Jean, standing on the outer
text: ring, circling around them. She's back to looking like
text: her old healthy self, and she's smiling at her family.
text: As she passes around them again... she's gone.
text: Arthur pulls his kids close, and that's when they hear --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (0.S.)
dialog: That's it!
text: They all turn to see Maggie crawling out of the basement
text: stairwell. She's a mess, she turns to Arthur and the
dialog: kids --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm through with this nanny shit.
dialog: This was not in the job
dialog: description. I'm sorry, you guys,
dialog: but I quit... I quit.
text: This puts a smile on Arthur, Kathy and Bobby's faces, as
dialog: we...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: 89 OMITTED 89
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
