speaker_heading: THIS BOY'S LIFE
dialog: Written by
speaker_heading: ROBERT GETCHELL
dialog: Based on the book by
speaker_heading: TOBIAS WOLFF
dialog: March 1992 Draft
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
speaker_heading: THIS BOY'S LIFE
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY 1
dialog: It is 1957, and we are in the deserts of Utah. TONY
text: BENNETT sings "Rags to Riches" on the SOUNDTRACK.
text: Breath-taking scenery stretches out on either side of a
dialog: highway.
text: The CAMERA MOVES to reveal a Nash Ambassador as it labors
text: up a hill. Twelve cars are caught behind the thirty-mile-
text: per-hour pace. Two cars decide to ignore safety and
text: cross the solid yellow line to pass the pokey car.
scene_heading: 2 INT. NASH AMBASSADOR - PARALLEL TIME 2
text: Two people are in the straining car -- a woman and her
text: son. The woman is CAROLINE WOLFF. Somewhere in her 30s,
text: she is a pretty woman who can look beautiful if she works
text: at it. (Just now, though, her prettiness is marred by a
text: fading bruise on her right cheekbone.) She is bright and
text: energetic and lively. Even more important than these
dialog: qualities, though, is her humor. And most important of
text: all is a sensual quality she exudes. Her sensuality is
text: effortless -- as natural to her as the color of her eyes
text: and hair. Men turn on the street to stare at her.
text: The boy is TOBY WOLFF. A pleasant-faced boy with won-
text: derful eyes, he is 13 -- teetering on the brink of
text: adolescence, so that one moment he seems like a self-
text: assured teenager, and the very next like a ten-year-old
dialog: kid.
text: Just now the ten-year-old kid has the upper hand: bored
text: and weary with the long trip, Toby has been arguing with
text: Caroline, who is ignoring him.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: ... Well, I mean it. I'm serious
dialog: -- I do. You promise and promise,
dialog: and then you change your mind,
dialog: just like that.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (totally oblivious)
dialog: ... Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: You wait 'til you ask me for
dialog: something. Just wait. See if you
dialog: get it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: 2 CONTINUED: 2
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (as above)
dialog: Toby, hush. Let me just...
text: So concentrated on her driving she doesn't even finish
text: her sentence, she nurses the car upward. Finally the car
text: crests the hill and starts down. Caroline sighs with
text: relief. She turns to Toby with a smile.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What'd you say?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I said -- for the twentieth time
dialog: -- if a person promises somebody
dialog: something, they can't just turn
dialog: around and take it back.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh, honey, Jesus. Don't start
dialog: with that again.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Because I'm the mother, and I
dialog: get to tell you what to do every
dialog: minute of your life 'til you're
dialog: eighteen. Seriously, we've got no
dialog: money. I can't buy you the
dialog: moccasins.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I bet if you'd promised Roy some
dialog: moccasins he'd of got 'em.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: No talk about Roy, okay? And ditto
dialog: the moccasins. We, can't, afford,
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah, but you did promise...
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Sue me. Take me to court. Oh,
dialog: Toby, I know you're disappointed,
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Jack. Call me Jack.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: 2 CONTINUED: (2) 2
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You're going to drive me to an
dialog: early grave: I'm never going to
dialog: make Salt Lake City.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Seriously. If a person can't get
text: a stinking miserable pair of
dialog: moccasins, at least he ought to be
dialog: able to choose his own name...
dialog: (loud)
dialog: ... and I wanna be called Jack!
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Fine. And you can call me...
dialog: (she thinks)
text: ... Jeanette. Jeanette Marie.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, you're so stupid sometimes,
dialog: I...
text: The BAWLING of an AIRHORN interrupts him. Both of them
text: look through the back window and see a huge tractor-
text: trailer truck, out of control, bearing down on them.
text: Caroline brakes and steers a hard right, SKIDDING the
text: NASH safely onto the side of the road.
text: The truck, its HORN BLASTING steadily, shimmies and
text: slides past them, and then, hideously, fails to make the
text: next curve: it smashes through the guard rails and into
text: empty space, its HORN still BLARING.
text: Caroline and Toby look at each other, then scramble out
text: of the car.
scene_heading: 3 EXT. BROKEN GUARD RAIL - DAY 3
text: Other drivers have stopped to look: hundreds of feet
text: below, the truck lies on its back among boulders.
text: Caroline glances, then turns away. She pulls Toby
text: away, one arm around his shoulder.
scene_heading: 4 EXT. NASH AMBASSADOR - MINUTES LATER 4
text: Caroline fills the Nash's steaming radiator with a can of
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (not much heat)
dialog: Goddamn thing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: 4 CONTINUED: 4
text: She glances back to where a larger crowd of people stare
text: avidly down at the truck. She bites her lip.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh, that poor man.
text: There is a pause. Then Toby speaks:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I hope to hell this isn't some
dialog: kind of omen.
text: Caroline turns to Toby, her face worried. Then she sees
text: the look in Toby's eyes -- he's ragging her. She grins
text: and gives his shoulder a light, affectionate shove.
scene_heading: 5 INT. NASH AMBASSADOR - NIGHT 5
text: Toby (feet up on the dashboard wearing a brand-new pair
text: of Indian moccasins) and Caroline sing "Mood Indigo"
text: together. Toby holds a complicated-looking, black con-
text: traption which looks something like an antique flashlight.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: How's this thing work, anyway?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (not confident)
dialog: It makes a black light that, uh,
text: causes uranium traces to glow.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: And we just walk along the street
dialog: and find this glowing uranium?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Well, it was everywhere in Moab,
dialog: they say -- just like gold in the
dialog: gold-rush days.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: But we were too late in Moab, and
dialog: that guy at the office said
dialog: nobody'd found any uranium in Salt
dialog: Lake City.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Well, that means we'll have the
dialog: place pretty much to ourselves,
dialog: huh? Honey, this could be a big
dialog: break for us. If this works out,
dialog: oh, just think: we'll get us a
dialog: house, get rid of this damn Nash
dialog: Ambassador -- no money worries...
dialog: It'll be like heaven on a June day.
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: 6 INT. CAR - DAWN 6
text: We hear "MOOD INDIGO" on the car RADIO and see that a
text: weary Caroline has driven through the night and Toby is
text: slumped against the passenger door. Toby stirs, then
text: opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Ask me how far we are from Salt
dialog: Lake City.
text: Toby is instantly awake, excited. Caroline points to a
text: small highway sign and both she and Toby yell out.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE/TOBY
dialog: Forty-seven miles to go!
text: Both of them are laughing with excitement. Toby claps
text: his hands together once, very hard, and Caroline yells --
scene_heading: 7 EXT. HIGHWAY - MORNING 7
text: Well, hell. The Nash Ambassador sits by the side of the
text: road, its hood up, its radiator steaming. Caroline and
text: Toby sit in a patch of shade by the car.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: If I could have one wish right
dialog: now -- only one wish -- you know
dialog: what I'd like? I'd like to burn
dialog: this damn Nash Ambassador to a
dialog: crisp.
dialog: (as Toby laughs)
dialog: I'm serious. I hate it. I hate
dialog: the factory that produced it, and
dialog: I hate the man who invented it.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: It almost makes me want to see Roy
dialog: -- he was the only one could make
text: the thing stop overheating.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: My God, he was boring. Boring and
dialog: mean: you sure got crappy taste in
dialog: boyfriends.
text: At the mention of Roy's name, Caroline lightly touches
text: the bruise on her right cheekbone. Not enjoying the talk
text: about Roy, she pours the water into the radiator, and
text: speaks directly to the car.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I'd like to burn you to the ground.
dialog: (to Toby; big smile)
dialog: Let's go get rich in Salt Lake
dialog: City!
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: 8 EXT. SALT LAKE CITY (DOWNTOWN) - DAY 8
text: Toby waits beside the Nash Ambassador, looking toward a
text: three-story concrete building. He holds a portable
text: RADIO, which PLAYS DEAN MARTIN singing "Volare."
scene_heading: 9 INT. BUILDING - PARALLEL TIME 9
text: Caroline, holding the imitation Geiger counter, stands
text: across the counter from a MAN who is looking at her
text: very strangely.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You're pulling my leg, right?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: No, I came here to look for
dialog: uranium.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: My God, lady. If you're looking
dialog: for uranium, why didn't you go to
dialog: Moab?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: We went there, but everybody'd
dialog: beaten us there. We were too late.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: So you came here just on the
dialog: chance you'd find uranium?
dialog: Listen, you mind me saying
dialog: something to you might sound rude?
dialog: Lady, you got more courage than
dialog: you got common sense.
scene_heading: 10 EXT. NASH AMBASSADOR - DAY 10
text: Caroline exits the building, dumps the Geiger counter in
text: a trash can and strides to the car. She gets in, and
dialog: says two words:
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Don't ask.
scene_heading: 11 INT. NASH AMBASSADOR - DAY 11
text: Caroline turns the key in the ignition and gets only a
text: maddening RER-RER-RER-RER noise from the ENGINE:
text: wearily, she rests her forehead on the steering wheel.
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. NASH AMBASSADOR - TWENTY MINUTES LATER 12
text: Caroline and Toby have the hood up and are peering into
dialog: the engine.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: That mechanic in Colorado said it
dialog: needed points.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I know. Don't tell me what I
dialog: already know. This thing's a
dialog: bottomless pit. I don't know what
dialog: to do. No matter how much money I
dialog: pour into it...
text: Suddenly a WOMAN in pedal-pushers and a thin, inexpensive
text: sweater stops. She's vaguely low-class, but friendly and
dialog: sympathetic.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I'd rather be whipped with a belt
dialog: than have car trouble. 'Course
dialog: these days I don't have to worry
dialog: about that. My husband got laid
text: off at the mill, and they
dialog: repossessed the car, so wherever
dialog: I wanna go, I just have to hoof
dialog: it, you know?
text: Caroline smiles, then her face changes.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You don't have a car?
dialog: (as the Woman
dialog: shakes her head)
dialog: You want this one?
dialog: Shocked, the Woman says --
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I... uh... I...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: You're gonna give our car away?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (to the Woman)
dialog: Seriously. It needs points, and
dialog: it overheats constantly, but you
dialog: can have it if you want it,
dialog: because my hand to God, I can't
dialog: look at it one more minute.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Well, sure...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: 12 CONTINUED: 12
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Get the bags out. Get the owner's
text: slip out of the glove compartment.
dialog: We're rid of this son-of-a-bitch
dialog: pink and white albatross. You
dialog: don't mind taking a car with a big
dialog: dent in the passenger door?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Hell, no.
dialog: (she looks)
dialog: There's no dent there...
text: Caroline draws back her leg and delivers a terrific,
text: flat-footed kick to the door, leaving a dent the size
text: of a dish-pan.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh, yes there is!
text: Toby hands the Woman the owner's slip, Caroline gives her
dialog: the keys.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: ... you really just giving me this
dialog: car?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: It's done. It's yours. You got
dialog: yourself a Nash Ambassador!
dialog: (to Toby)
dialog: Let's go!
text: Both of them pick up two bags apiece -- all they have in
text: the world -- and off they go, feeling good.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. CITY STREET - DAY (FEW MINUTES LATER) 13
dialog: 1957 is all around us: gas is 29.9 cents a gallon; bread
text: is 19 cents a loaf; cars are curved and heavily chromed;
text: people occasionally nod and smile at strangers; children
text: carry hula hoops. In all, a gentler time. Caroline and
text: Toby stride along briskly, as if they knew where they
dialog: were going.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: ... find ourselves a cheap room
dialog: someplace, we'll get you into
dialog: school, I'll brush up on my typing
dialog: and get a job, and things'll start
dialog: looking up. I feel it: the good
dialog: times are coming. And at least
dialog: we're rid of that damn Nash
dialog: Ambassador!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: 13 CONTINUED: 13
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah, and like Dad used to say,
dialog: 'We may be broke, but we're never
dialog: poor.' And later, if we get a
dialog: house with a big yard, I could
dialog: get a collie, you know? One like
dialog: Lad or Grey Dawn. And someday
dialog: maybe a palomino. And I'm going
dialog: to try harder in school, too...
text: The two of them walk on -- a bit foolish, but, in an
dialog: odd way, brave as hell.
scene_heading: 14 INT. VICE PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE - DAY 14
text: A subdued Toby sits in front of the VICE PRINCIPAL.
speaker_heading: VICE PRINCIPAL
dialog: ... like to give new boys the
dialog: benefit of the doubt, but this
dialog: is the second time in two weeks
dialog: that you've been in front of me,
dialog: and I don't like that.
dialog: (picks up a telephone)
dialog: Now I think you better just call
dialog: your mother and tell her to come
dialog: down here.
speaker_heading: TOBY
text: She works. She's working.
text: Silent, the man continues to hold out the telephone to
text: Toby. Finally he takes it and dials.
scene_heading: 15 EXT. SCHOOL - AFTERNOON 15
text: Caroline and Toby exit. Toby sullen; Caroline angry.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: It wasn't me broke their stupid
dialog: windows.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Liar.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Gee, thanks a lot, Mom -- believe
dialog: them instead of me.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: If you care anything about me at
dialog: all, you'll shut up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah, well if you'd stayed married
dialog: to Dad none of this would've ever
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Look, don't you put that on my
dialog: back: I can't make your father
dialog: call you. I can't make your
dialog: brother write you. They dumped
dialog: you. Yes. But it's not my fault.
scene_heading: 16 INT. CAROLINE AND TOBY'S ROOM - AFTERNOON 16
text: The place is pretty bleak: a room and a half, Murphy
text: beds, linoleum floors, and a bath down the hall.
text: Caroline and Toby enter. She pulls down the Murphy
text: bed and falls onto it fully dressed, saying:
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: My head is killing me.
text: Toby heads for his room.
scene_heading: 16A SAME SCENE - DUSK 16A
text: Caroline wakes up with a start, then sees Toby sitting
text: in a chair, watching her.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Seven. Almost.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Why didn't you wake me?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I started dinner. The potatoes
dialog: are frying, and I'm heating up the
dialog: hot dogs.
text: Caroline sees that he's trying to make it up to her, and
text: pats the bed for him to sit down next to her. He moves
text: to sit beside her.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Hold your mother's hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: 16A CONTINUED: 16A
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I know you are, honey. Ah, well
dialog: -- it wasn't fire, and nobody
dialog: bled, so I guess we're okay.
text: The TELEPHONE RINGS and she answers it. When she hears
text: the VOICE on the other end she once again touches her
text: right cheekbone with a finger -- the spot where the
text: bruise had been. She sags back against a wall.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Yes...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Yes...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Yes, I know...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: You're right...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: All right, yes... in an hour,
dialog: then.
text: Caroline hangs up.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Who was that?
text: She closes her eyes.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Who was that?
text: Caroline laughs aloud, then slides down the wall until
text: she's on the floor still laughing.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: We've got a guest for dinner:
dialog: it's Roy. He tracked us down.
text: Toby groans and falls full-length onto the sofa.
scene_heading: 17 INT. CAROLINE AND TOBY'S KITCHEN - ONE HOUR LATER 17
text: Caroline, Toby and ROY are eating at the tiny table. Roy
text: is good-looking in a meaty, hairy-chested sort of way.
text: Though he is on his very best behavior just now, there is
text: a mean streak in him.
text: Toby, delighted, holds a Winchester .22 rifle across his
text: lap -- a peace-making gift from Roy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: 17 CONTINUED: 17
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: ... I found me a room, but it's
dialog: clear the hell and gone 'cross
dialog: town. And I think I got a job
dialog: lined up doin' tune-ups in a
dialog: Texaco station. How you like it
dialog: at Winstead's?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: How do you know where I work?
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: I been here almost a week.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You followed me around? For a
dialog: week? Watching?
text: Roy doesn't answer. He just wiggles his eyebrows like
dialog: Groucho Marx.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: And how did you ever find me?
text: Again, Roy does the Groucho Marx. He turns to Toby.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: You like the rifle, Toby? 'Jack,'
dialog: I mean.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: It's the best present I ever got.
dialog: I just love it.
dialog: (to Caroline)
dialog: I'm going to pretend I'm shooting.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Don't point that thing at anybody
dialog: or I won't teach you to shoot.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: It's not loaded!
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You heard me: anybody or any
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: It's got no bullets, for God's
dialog: sake.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Don't make me speak to you again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: 17 CONTINUED: (2) 17
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'll point it at the sky, then.
text: Caroline sighs. Toby opens a screenless window and
text: points the gun up into the night sky, pretending to fire
text: it over and over. Caroline starts to clear the table.
text: Roy jumps up to help her.
scene_heading: 18 INT. LIVING ROOM - TWO HOURS LATER 18
text: Caroline and Roy are kissing on the sofa, and he is all
text: over her: his hands are on her breasts, her thighs,
text: everywhere. Aroused in spite of herself, Caroline pulls
text: away, indicating the light in the other room.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Don't. Toby's still up.
text: Roy leans back, smiling, and eyes Caroline.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: You are one sweet thing, baby:
dialog: just the sight of you makes my
dialog: dick hard.
text: He pulls her to him, starting to kiss her. She fends him
text: off, looking worriedly toward the room where Toby's light
dialog: burns.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Aw, he won't hear anything.
text: Again he pulls her toward him; again she turns her head
text: from the kiss.
dialog: Then it happens.
text: A spasm of anger passes across his face and he shoves
text: Caroline away from him. It's a hard shove, but nothing
dialog: that could really hurt her. Violence has happened before
text: between these two, and they recognize it. Caroline is
text: immediately on guard, and Roy is apologetic.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Shit, baby, I'm sorry. I didn't
dialog: mean that. I'm just so glad to
dialog: see you.
text: He slides toward Caroline, kisses her. This time she
text: accepts the kiss -- feels she has no choice.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: 19 INT. KITCHEN - PARALLEL TIME 19
text: Dressed for bed, Toby stands by an open window. He can
text: hear every WORD of ROY'S, who continues to apologize
text: between kisses. The room is illuminated by a nearby
text: streetlamp. The frosty air from the open window causes
text: his breath to steam. He raises two fingers to his lips,
text: pretends to take a drag on a cigarette and blows out the
text: steam from his breath. The VOICES in the other room grow
text: a bit LOUDER, almost to an argument, and then SUBSIDE
text: again. Toby takes another drag from his pretend cig-
text: arette. He looks very young.
scene_heading: 20 EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - AFTERNOON 20
text: Toby wanders toward the rooming house. He stops to watch
text: TWO fiftyish WOMEN who are working in a garden. One
text: Woman looks up.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Hello.
text: The Woman stops to take a breather, lights a cigarette,
text: pokes her companion.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: My Lord, look at the eyes on
dialog: him -- won't he be a heartbreaker
dialog: in three, four years?
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
text: Bedroom eyes.
text: Toby smiles.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: You live in the neighborhood,
dialog: sweetie?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Over there.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I won't be here long, though,
dialog: 'cause my dad's coming to get me.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: Oh, yes?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah. I'm gonna live on his
dialog: ranch in Phoenix. The "Lazy B,"
dialog: it's called.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: 20 CONTINUED: 20
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
dialog: That sounds like fun.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: It is. I've got a palomino horse
text: and a collie, and Dad lets us go
dialog: on hunts all by ourselves. He
dialog: gave me this Winchester .22, and
dialog: last year I shot a mountain lion
dialog: with it. And Lad -- that's my
text: dog -- found a nest of rattlesnakes
dialog: one time, and killed all twelve
dialog: of them...
text: The two Women exchange a glance. It's obvious the boy
text: is lying.
scene_heading: 21 INT. CAROLINE AND TOBY'S ROOMS - AFTERNOON (SAME DAY)21
text: Toby enters. Four packed suitcases lie on the bed behind
dialog: Caroline.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: What're you doing home so --
text: (as he sees
dialog: suitcases)
dialog: We going someplace?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: We sure are.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I don't know. Got any suggestions?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Phoenix.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Good. I was thinking of Phoenix
dialog: or Seattle -- lots of opportunities
dialog: in both those places.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: What about your fabulous
dialog: boyfriends? What about the
dialog: fabulous, boring Roy? Is he
dialog: coming, too?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: 21 CONTINUED: 21
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Not if I can help it. I looked
dialog: out the window at work today, and
text: he was parked across the street,
dialog: watching.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Roy's so uncool. So boring.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You liked him well enough last
dialog: night.
dialog: (imitating Toby)
dialog: 'Oh, Roy, I just love my rifle
dialog: so much! It's the bestest present
dialog: ever!'
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, shut up.
text: But he's smiling, completely unbothered.
text: Suddenly Caroline laughs, stands up, and begins to close
text: the suitcases. Toby laughs, too.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Now? We're going now? What about
dialog: all the food?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Leave it.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Even the canned stuff?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Leave it!
text: They grab the four heavy suitcases and head out the door.
text: Both of them are laughing.
scene_heading: 22 INT. BUS STATION - AFTERNOON 22
text: Caroline and Toby stand at a ticket counter,
dialog: disappointed.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Well, ask him when the next one
dialog: to Phoenix is.
speaker_heading: TICKET SELLER
dialog: Tomorrow morning, eleven
text: forty-five.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: 22
text: Toby and Caroline groan, then Caroline brightens.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What about Seattle?
speaker_heading: TICKET SELLER
dialog: (consults a list)
text: Leaves in nine minutes.
text: They look at each other.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. BOARDING AREA 23
text: Toby and Caroline hurry onboard a Greyhound bus with
dialog: Seattle as its destination.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: ... I've always had a good head
dialog: for figures, and if I could get
dialog: my C.P.A. license, I believe we
dialog: could make a real go of it in
dialog: Seattle. I'll advertise for
dialog: roommates, and I bet we find us
dialog: a real cute house to rent.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: If there's a big yard, can I get
dialog: a collie?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Sure. Oh, honey, I feel a wind
dialog: at my back: I think this is
dialog: going to work out good.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (as they board
dialog: bus)
dialog: Yeah -- like heaven on a June day.
text: The DOORS of the bus close. WHOOSH! The bus begins to
text: move. Caroline and Toby's faces are at the window:
dialog: Seattle or bust.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 24 EXT. TRACT HOUSE (SEATTLE, WASHINGTON) - AFTERNOON 24
text: The house is a nasty little thing with peeling paint.
dialog: From inside we hear:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: 24 CONTINUED: 24
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (O.S.)
dialog: ... and if you cut school again
dialog: I'll just wear you out -- do you
dialog: hear me? I'm tired of it!
speaker_heading: TOBY (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah, yeah...
text: Toby exits the house.
dialog: But, Jesus, what a new Toby: he's turned cool. A few
text: months have passed. He now wears T-shirts and jeans
text: which ride way low on his hips. As he walks along, he
text: combs his hair into a duck's ass in back, and forward
text: into a curl at the center of his forehead. He's 1957 hip
text: -- or thinks he is. He strolls on, feeling cool.
scene_heading: 24A EXT. TRACT HOUSE/FURTHER DOWN STREET - AFTERNOON 24A
text: From one of the houses TERRY TAYLOR emerges, falling into
text: step with Toby. He's Toby's age, and is almost an exact
text: replica of him.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Hey, Terry.
speaker_heading: TERRY TAYLOR
dialog: Hey, Jack. What'd your mom say
dialog: about skipping school today?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Who listens?
speaker_heading: TERRY TAYLOR
dialog: You go over to Wanda's house last
dialog: night?
dialog: (as Toby nods)
dialog: You make out good?
dialog: (as Toby nods again)
dialog: How good?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I fucked her 'til her nose bled.
speaker_heading: TERRY TAYLOR
dialog: Sure you did! Oh, Wolff, you're
dialog: rich.
scene_heading: 25 INT. APARTMENT - AFTERNOON 25
text: TERRY SILVER opens the door to admit Toby and Terry
text: Taylor. Silver is a clone of both Toby and Terry Taylor.
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: 26 INT. LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON 26
text: As the three boys troop through the room, they pass Terry
text: Silver's two SISTERS, who are sprawled sensually on a
dialog: sofa.
speaker_heading: SISTER #1
dialog: Oh look -- it's Elvis, Elvis,
dialog: and Elvis.
speaker_heading: TERRY TAYLOR
dialog: Excuse me, but does your face
dialog: hurt? 'Cause it's killing me.
text: With that piece of high wit, they're out of the room.
scene_heading: 27 INT. TV ROOM - AFTERNOON 27
text: The boys light up three cigarettes (opening a window so
text: the smoke will disappear), then throw themselves onto the
text: floor in front of a black-and-white TV.
text: Superman is ON. When Lois Lane comes on, Terry Taylor
text: starts moaning as if sexually aroused; Terry Silver jumps
text: to his knees and licks the TV screen repeatedly, also
text: moaning. Toby closes his eyes, also as if in sexual
dialog: transport.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, Lois. Oh, baby, come here --
dialog: I got six hot inches just waiting
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: TERRY TAYLOR
dialog: Man, look at her! Look at that
dialog: body-y-y-y.
speaker_heading: TERRY SILVER
dialog: (continues licking
dialog: screen)
dialog: Um-m-m-m. M-M-M. Oh, Annette, I
dialog: want you. I want you so bad.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, babybabybabybabybaby...
dialog: You make my dick hard!
text: The three carry on for a few more seconds.
speaker_heading: THREE OF THEM
dialog: Yum, yum, yum.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: 27 CONTINUED: 27
text: Making wet kissing noises, or just rocking their heads
text: back and forth as if tempted beyond endurance. Then,
text: slowly, they shut up and lie back down.
scene_heading: 27A SAME SCENE - LATER 27A
dialog: And this is what they really wanted: absolutely silent,
text: all three boys stare fixedly at the screen. They are
text: totally absorbed, caught up in the sweetness and warmth
dialog: of the show.
dialog: Not one of these boys has ever touched a girl's breast;
text: all three are at least two years from their first shave;
text: all three are pre-pubescent, and their sexuality is all
dialog: bravado -- now we see them for what they are: three
text: skinny-armed 13-year-olds, fascinated by Superman.
scene_heading: 28 INT. TOBY AND CAROLINE'S KITCHEN - DUSK 28
text: Caroline pirouettes for her two roommates, KATHY, a
text: diffident, sweet-faced young woman, and MARIAN, a
text: heavyset, loud, red-faced woman who eats compulsively
text: from a package of oatmeal cookies. Both of the women ooh
text: and aah over Caroline's dress.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: That belt just makes it.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
text: It does pick up the green, doesn't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: And you say he's getting serious
dialog: already?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Yes, I think. He keeps talking
dialog: about marriage, keeps saying he
dialog: wants to meet Toby.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Well, that's it -- three dates and
dialog: you got 'im good.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I don't know if I want him --
text: She stops as Toby enters the kitchen.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: 28 CONTINUED: 28
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Don't want who?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: (about Toby)
dialog: Little pitchers...
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Well, it's the tough guy who can't
dialog: be bothered to go to school.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (to Toby)
dialog: Oh, it's nothing -- we were
dialog: talking about Dwight. I told you
dialog: about Dwight.
speaker_heading: TOBY
text: He the one drives down from the
dialog: boondocks? The mechanic? Dwight.
dialog: What a stupid name.
dialog: (he draws the name
dialog: out)
dialog: Dwiiiight. Duhhhhwight.
dialog: Dwight-tah-h-h-h. Dwighttahhhhh.
text: There is a KNOCK on the front door. Toby sticks his head
text: around the door, looking into the living room. A man is
text: outlined against the sunset, only his black silhouette is
text: visible. It is our first glimpse of DWIGHT.
text: Has the man heard him? Toby doesn't know for sure.
text: Caroline brings Dwight into the kitchen. He is older
text: than her, an attractive-enough man. He is well-built,
text: has a full head of brown hair, and very white teeth.
dialog: Those are his good points. On the minus side: his over-
text: eagerness to please, his nervous smiles and his clothes.
text: He wears two-tone shoes, a hand-painted tie, and a
text: monogrammed handkerchief, folded beyond perfection, in
dialog: the pocket.
text: Caroline introduces him to Marian and Kathy. Then she
text: introduces Dwight to Toby.
text: Dwight is all smiles.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Would you like coffee before we
dialog: go? Or a Coke?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: You know, I believe I could stand
text: a cup of java.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: 28 CONTINUED: (2) 28
text: As Caroline pours the coffee, Dwight turns to Toby.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: So you're Toby.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: You're not Toby?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh, he wants to be called 'Jack.'
dialog: It's so silly... ever since he
dialog: read Jack London.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Well, I'll call him anything he
dialog: wants.
dialog: (to Toby,
dialog: confidential)
dialog: I always say people can call me
dialog: anything they want, long as they
dialog: don't call me late for supper!
text: Kathy and Marian think it's pretty funny. They laugh.
text: Caroline smiles. Toby just stares.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: So, Jack, you like school?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: He might like it if he ever went
dialog: there and tried it.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, have another cookie, Marian --
dialog: keep your strength up.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I'd like to just yank that nasty
dialog: tongue of yours out by the roots.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (to Dwight, light)
dialog: My son's decided to try to drive
dialog: me into an early grave. Truly.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: 28 CONTINUED: (3) 28
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Toby; not so
dialog: light)
dialog: You straighten up and be polite,
dialog: you hear me?
text: Dwight takes a swallow of the coffee. His eyes widen.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Who made this?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I did...
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Well, well, well, all I can say is
dialog: that you people are pretty lucky
dialog: to live in a house where -- oh.
text: Marian puts a cigarette into her mouth. Dwight jumps up,
text: pulls a velvet case from his pocket and extracts a mono-
text: grammed Zippo. He snaps open the top of the lighter
text: against his leg, and holds the flame in front of Marian's
text: face. She lights her cigarette. Then Dwight perform the
text: Zippo drama in reverse.
text: What a conversation stopper. Finally, Kathy speaks to
dialog: Toby.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: I hear you're invited up to
dialog: Dwight's next week for
dialog: Thanksgiving.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Aw, you'll love it. Great air,
dialog: great water. For scenery, all you
dialog: have to do is step outside your
dialog: front door and open your eyes.
dialog: And there's a turkey shoot
dialog: Thanksgiving Day. Your mom said
dialog: you might like it, so I signed you
dialog: up.
text: Toby sits up, eager.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Really? I can shoot my Winchester?
dialog: Great! I bet I could be the one
dialog: to get the turkey.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: 28 CONTINUED: (4) 28
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Well, amazing: it can sit up and
dialog: talk like a normal human being.
dialog: (notices the time)
dialog: Dwight, we're going to be late.
text: She grabs her coat (which Dwight jumps up to hold for
text: her) and they exit. As Dwight leaves he kisses his hand,
text: then throws the kiss toward Marian and Kathy. The
text: instant the front door slams:
scene_heading: TOBY MARIAN KATHY
dialog: What a geek. I love a man knows He's so appealing.
dialog: how to dress.
scene_heading: 29 EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - AFTERNOON 29
text: We hear SCREAMING. Toby and Terry Taylor race BY the
text: CAMERA on stolen tricycles, yelling as if they're attack-
text: ing Indians. Behind them comes Terry Silver, on foot.
text: Atop a small hill, both boys jump off, letting the
text: TRICYCLES SMASH into a parked car. Then they run like
text: hell with Terry Silver bringing up the rear.
scene_heading: 30 INT. CAROLINE AND TOBY'S LIVING ROOM - MORNING 30
text: Caroline is dressed casually. Toby has on a shirt and
text: sweater. He is pretending that he's buck-toothed.
text: Caroline finishes packing a small suitcase.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I want you to be polite to Dwight
dialog: this weekend.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (buck-toothed speech)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I mean it, now.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (buck-toothed speech)
dialog: I said 'Okay,' didn't I?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Hey, c'mon, maybe the weekend'll
dialog: be fun... maybe Concrete will be
dialog: pretty.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (buck-toothed speech)
dialog: Oh, Concrete, my favorite town.
dialog: Welcome to beautiful Concrete!
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: And stop that.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (buck-toothed speech)
dialog: Stop what?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Sometimes I could kill you as free
dialog: as I could eat a bite.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (buck-toothed speech)
dialog: Ditto.
text: A car stops and through a window, we see Dwight.
text: Caroline turns to Toby.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Please be nice.
text: Toby stops the buck-toothed thing and speaks normally.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: All right.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. ROAD - MORNING 31
text: We see Dwight driving his shiny Buick, Caroline and Toby
text: beside him. As the CAMERA TRACKS the car with VARIOUS
dialog: SHOTS, we hear:
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (V.O.)
dialog: ... air like wine at my place, and
dialog: I don't mind saying I wouldn't
dialog: live anywhere else, and that's the
dialog: God's honest truth. There's good
dialog: schools, honest people, and some
dialog: of the best fishing in the world.
dialog: Ted Williams -- you like baseball,
dialog: Toby? That is, Jack, I mean --
dialog: you like baseball? 'Cause Ted
dialog: Williams, whom I believe is one of
dialog: the all-time greats, is also a
dialog: world-class angler. Many's the
dialog: day he and I've talked over the
dialog: best way to get a fish to say yes
text: to a hook.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: 31 CONTINUED: 31
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Hunting, too: there's game
dialog: everywhere you look. I don't
dialog: think I flatter myself by saying
dialog: that I'm something of a whiz with
dialog: a rifle, and Concrete gives me
dialog: every opportunity to prove it...
scene_heading: 32 EXT. SMALL BRIDGE - DAY 32
text: The three stand by the edge of the bridge, looking down
text: into the water.
text: They see salmon fighting the last few yards of their
text: yearly battle to spawn. Against the rapid current, they
text: leap again and again. Long strips of flesh hang from
dialog: their bodies.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: They always show you salmon
dialog: fighting to get upstream, but they
dialog: never show you what they look like
dialog: when they get there.
text: Her face strained, Caroline leans over for a closer look.
text: The salmon swim in slow, stunned circles, some with an
text: eye missing or hanging by a membrane, a hideous sight.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: It's pitiful. Awful.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: They'll spawn, and then they'll
dialog: die. They're dying now.
text: As Toby and Caroline move to the passenger side of the
text: car, Toby speaks so Dwight can't hear:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I hope to hell it's not an omen.
text: Caroline has to fight back a smile.
scene_heading: A33 EXT. CONCRETE SILO - DAY A33
text: The Buick drives into town past an enormous disused
text: Concrete silo where "Welcome To Concrete" is painted in
text: huge faded letters.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26A.
speaker_heading: A33 CONTINUED: A33
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: So here we go. Welcome to
text: Concrete. Dwight's home sweet
dialog: home. Finest people in the whole
dialog: state of Washington, you ask me.
dialog: Lots of churches, too. A neighbor
dialog: of mine says, "Looking for nice
dialog: churches, come to Concrete.
dialog: Looking for sin, go to hell." I
dialog: think that's funny...
text: Caroline and Toby are severely underimpressed with their
text: first impression of Concrete.
scene_heading: 33 EXT. DWIGHT'S HOUSE - DAY 33
text: Dwight's Buick pulls to a stop; Dwight, Caroline, and
text: Toby get out. The scenery is as beautiful as Dwight said
dialog: it was.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: All the houses are converted Army
dialog: barracks, made into duplexes --
text: Three children exit the house. SKIPPER, a pleasant boy
text: who is average in every way, is 17. NORMA is 18, slow-
text: spoken and sensual, Toby cannot take his eyes off her.
text: The third is PEARL, two years younger than Toby. Pearl
text: has a bald spot the size of a dollar, high on the side of
text: her head.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Well. Let's see here. Kids, this
dialog: is my pretty friend, Caroline
dialog: Wolff, and her boy To...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (CONT'D)
dialog: (he catches himself)
dialog: Jack Wolff. These are my kids:
dialog: Skipper, Norma and my baby, Pearl.
text: Everybody says hello, shakes hands, then they all head
text: into the house.
scene_heading: 34 INT. DWIGHT'S LIVING ROOM - DAY 34
text: They enter and look around: well, it's not awful, but
text: it sure as hell isn't wonderful. The room is dark, on
text: the small side, and shows the lack of a woman's hand.
text: Caroline looks a bit taken aback, but tries to hide it
text: by saying the word "nice" over and over.
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS them FROM room TO room:
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Okay, so that was the living room;
dialog: over here is the kitchen -- I plan
dialog: on getting all new fixtures in
dialog: here -- and down that hall are the
text: three bedrooms and the bath.
text: He stops at an extra, no-particular-purpose, nondescript
text: room furnished only by two easy chairs and a card table.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
text: This is sort of a lounging area.
dialog: (as nobody says
dialog: anything)
dialog: You know, just in case you want
dialog: to...
text: He searches, can't think of how to finish the sentence in
text: any impressive way. He gives up, finishes weakly:
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: ... lounge.
text: Skipper snorts with laughter, but cuts it off when Dwight
text: gives him a look. Toby, trying to be good, bites his lip
dialog: to keep from laughing.
scene_heading: 35 EXT. BUSINESS STREET - DAY 35
text: The business area is small and rather forlorn. The six
text: of them walk in pairs -- Dwight and Caroline, Skipper and
text: Norma, and last, Toby and Pearl. (Toby's eyes are glued
text: to the movement of Norma's body.)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED: 35
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (about a gas station)
dialog: And over there's where I work.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (to Skipper and Norma)
dialog: How about you guys? You like it
dialog: here?
text: They glance at each other.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER NORMA
dialog: Fine. Yeah, it's fine.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: It's a little isolated, is all.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Not that isolated.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Well, maybe not that isolated.
dialog: Pretty isolated, though.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Aw, there's plenty to do in
dialog: Concrete if you kids would take a
dialog: little initiative. When I was
dialog: growing up we didn't have T.V. --
dialog: we used our imaginations. We read
dialog: the classics. We played musical
dialog: instruments. You show me a bored
dialog: kid, I'll show you a lazy kid.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I didn't know you played an
dialog: instrument, Dwight. What do you
dialog: play?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (one-half second's
dialog: hesitation)
text: Sax. Tenor sax.
text: Skipper and Norma glance at each other, then look away.
text: Caroline takes a cigarette from her purse. Again Dwight
dialog: jumps to her service: we are once more treated to the
text: mini-drama of Dwight unsheathing the Zippo from its
text: velvet case, opening the top on his pants leg, etc.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (back to Skipper and
dialog: Norma)
dialog: How's the school here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED: (2) 35
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: There isn't one. We go to
dialog: Chinook.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Chinook High.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
text: It's a few miles downriver.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Forty miles.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Come off it -- it's not that far.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Yeah, I clocked it: thirty-nine
dialog: miles.
text: In spite of the fact that he's eager for this day to go
text: well, Dwight's bottom teeth begin to show.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Ah, you'd bellyache if the goddam
dialog: school was in your fugging
dialog: back yard. Just shut your god-
dialog: damn pie-hole.
text: They all shut their pie-holes. The six walk in a tense,
text: uncomfortable silence for five full beats. Then Pearl
dialog: tries to help out:
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: I'm in fifth grade.
text: Nobody seems to care.
scene_heading: 36 INT. DWIGHT'S LIVING ROOM - HOUR LATER 36
text: Dwight has recovered his good mood. Dressed in a
text: marksman's coat with a padded shoulder, Dwight is laughing
text: as he attempts to assemble Toby's Winchester .22.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: 36
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: 'Turkey shoot' is just a figure of
dialog: speech.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: There's no real turkey?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: No, it's just regulation paper
dialog: targets. It's a test of skill.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: And, Jack, I just found out
dialog: yesterday that they won't let
dialog: kids shoot.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: But you said I could!
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I know, but they got it all
dialog: screwed up somehow and told me
dialog: wrong at first.
text: Toby starts to argue, but Caroline touches his arm.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Dwight, you did tell him.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (an edge)
dialog: I don't make the rules, Caroline.
dialog: If I made the rules, I might make
dialog: different ones, but I don't make
dialog: the rules.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. OPEN FIELD - DAY 37
text: A sullen Toby stands with Pearl. Dwight is giving his
text: name and the entry fee to a MAN. As the Man moves away,
text: Caroline stops him and holds out some money.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Wolff. Caroline Wolff.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You mean you want to enter? I
dialog: think it's against the rules.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: 37 CONTINUED: 37
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Well, that sign says this is an
dialog: N.R.A. club, and I'm a dues-paying
dialog: N.R.A. member. That gives me the
dialog: right to participate in the
dialog: activities of other chapters.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You'll be the only woman shooting.
text: Caroline just smiles. The Man shrugs, takes her money
text: and writes down her name.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. SHOOTING RANGE - DAY 38
text: The shooting match has begun. The contestants have ten
text: turns to fire ten shots apiece at a large paper bull's-eye
text: fifty yards away. The scores and rankings are on a
text: portable scoreboard.
text: A contestant finishes SHOOTING. There is a pause.
text: Everyone watches as his score is raised from behind the
text: concrete wall on which the bull's-eye hangs.
dialog: The score comes: 84.
text: There is a smattering of applause, and it's Dwight's
dialog: turn.
text: From his stance, Dwight looks as if he is a pretty good
text: shot. He's nervous, though, because Caroline is going
text: to shoot, and he squeezes off his TEN SHOTS in RAPID
text: SUCCESSION, hardly pausing to breathe. A pause, and then
text: his score is raised: 73. Dwight smiles an inappropriate
text: smile and hands the Winchester to Caroline.
text: There are a couple of whistles as Caroline takes her
text: position, and someone in the crowd yells out, "Oh, Mama,
text: shake that thang!" Caroline ignores it, taking her
text: shooting stance, which is surprisingly graceful and
text: professional-looking.
text: She SHOOTS her TEN BULLETS, taking time to breathe once,
text: deeply, between each shot. The pause, and her score is
text: raised: 93. There is a moment of surprised silence, and
text: then the crowd gives Caroline a sincere round of
dialog: applause.
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER
text: Dwight looks stunned, and Toby is almost equally
dialog: surprised.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: 38
text: On the scoreboard, we see that Caroline is in second
text: place and by only two shots. As the next-to-last round
text: finishes, Caroline is surrounded by a few people who are
text: complimenting her shooting. Dwight's smile is even
dialog: bigger: Oh, he wanted to be the one to win.
text: The last round starts. A MAN, evidently the one in first
text: place, heads to the shooting alley for his turn. As he
text: passes Caroline, trying to rattle her, he speaks
text: confidently.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: That second-place trophy ain't
dialog: bad, honey.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (big smile)
dialog: Then you won't feel too bad about
dialog: carrying it home, will you?
text: Several people laugh, and the Man, bested, turns away.
text: Everyone turns quiet to watch the Man shoot. He is
dialog: evidently the one who's nervous, though, for after he
text: SHOOTS and waits, the score is raised: 95. There is
text: an immediate stir -- Caroline can win if she shoots a
text: virtually perfect round.
text: Dwight's name is called. He takes his position, but
text: clowns around, SHOOTING first left-handed, then right-
text: handed, then with both eyes closed.
text: His score is raised: 24. There is scattered laughter,
text: and Dwight leads it -- hell, it's all a joke to him, his
dialog: attitude says.
text: Caroline takes her stance. Rock-steady, she SHOOTS her
text: TEN SHOTS and waits. And then it comes: 98. She's won.
text: The second-place Man wheels away angrily, but everyone
text: else congratulates the laughing Caroline, as an official
text: presents her with a small trophy of a gold rifle on a
text: pedestal, and a huge ham.
text: In the midst of the hubbub, Toby manages to get close
text: enough to congratulate his mother. Caroline glances
text: toward Dwight as she whispers to Toby:
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: That was for you, honey.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: I didn't know you were a member of
dialog: the N.R.A.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (2) 38
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I'm a little behind in my dues --
text: Thirty-six years behind.
scene_heading: 39 INT. DWIGHT'S KITCHEN - DAY 39
text: Caroline, Toby and Pearl enter. Norma is cooking
text: Thanksgiving dinner. Dwight WALKS HEAVILY down the hall
text: to his bedroom and SLAMS the DOOR.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: What gives?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Mom won the turkey shoot.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Oh, boy. Now we're in for it --
dialog: he thinks he's some kind of big
dialog: hunter.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: Well, he killed a deer once.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: That was with the car.
text: They all laugh.
scene_heading: 40 INT. DINING ROOM - AFTERNOON 40
dialog: Though there are some occasional sentences like "Could I
dialog: have the potatoes, please?" or "This dressing is really
dialog: delicious," mostly there is just silence and the noise
text: of SILVERWARE ON PLATES. Dwight is working hard on the
dialog: wine.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I got just one thing to say.
dialog: (as everyone
dialog: stiffens)
text: I'm sitting at the table with the
dialog: best damn shot in the county!
text: Everybody relaxes, and general conversation begins.
scene_heading: 41 INT. DWIGHT'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 41
text: Norma plays "Blue Monday" on an upright piano whilst Toby
text: sings it. After finishing the song, Norma launches into
text: "On Moonlight Bay." Everybody joins in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: 41 CONTINUED: 41
text: Toby and Caroline glance at each other and smile.
scene_heading: 41A SAME SCENE - MIDDLE OF NIGHT 41A
text: Caroline, who is sleeping on the sofa bed, returns from
text: the bathroom. She sees that Toby's awake on his pallet
text: on the floor. She sits on the floor beside him. (The
text: whole conversation is conducted in whispers.)
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: So what do you think?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: They're okay. What's that bald
dialog: spot on Pearl's head? Ugh.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Some sort of infection.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Norma's nice.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: They're all nice, but Dwight keeps
dialog: rushing me, keeps talking about
dialog: marriage. And I don't really want
dialog: to get married -- not now anyway.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: That's fine with me.
dialog: (a beat; new tone)
dialog: I wish you would've stayed married
dialog: to Dad.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh, don't wish Duke back on me.
dialog: God.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: That woman he married? Is she
dialog: really rich?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Like King Midas. Okay, look,
dialog: we'll go back to Seattle and see
dialog: how things go. I've been thinking
dialog: about taking a course in
text: stenotyping. A court reporter's
dialog: pay is real high. Kathy got
dialog: engaged, so either I find us
dialog: another roommate or I've got to
dialog: make some more money. And this
dialog: stenotyping thing sounds just
dialog: right. This could turn out good,
dialog: honey.
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: 42 INT. BOYS' BATHROOM AT SCHOOL - DAY 42
text: Toby, Terry Silver and Terry Taylor lounge against the
text: wall, smoking.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I mean I blew it off, man -- I
dialog: blew his fuckin' turkey's head
dialog: off.
text: Terry Silver takes a long slow drag on his cigarette.
text: The other boys glance at each other: they don't buy it.
speaker_heading: TERRY TAYLOR
text: With a .22.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Fuckin' A. Winchester .22. Pump.
speaker_heading: TERRY TAYLOR
dialog: Wolff, you are so full of shit.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Don't believe me -- see if I care.
speaker_heading: TERRY TAYLOR
dialog: All a .22 bullet would do is make
text: a hole in his head.
text: Toby takes a drag on his cigarette.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: One bullet, maybe.
speaker_heading: TERRY TAYLOR
dialog: Oh. Oh, I see -- you hit the
dialog: turkey more than once. While he
text: was flying. In the head.
text: Toby nods. Silver and Taylor howl with laughter.
text: Furious, Toby says "Fuck you" over and over. He pulls
text: out a rat-tail and scratches the words "FUCK YOU" onto
text: the soft paint of the bathroom wall.
scene_heading: 43 EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - AFTERNOON 43
text: Toby stands at the top of a small hill with Terry Silver
text: and Terry Taylor. They are too casual, their faces too
dialog: innocent: something's up.
text: They wait until a middle-aged man raking leaves turns
text: and disappears around a corner. Then the three of them
text: open the door of a car, take off the emergency brake, and
text: start it rolling down the hill.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: 43 CONTINUED: 43
text: The car rolls silently down the hill. It CRASHES into
text: another car at the bottom, making a LOUD NOISE.
text: The three boys run like the wind out of sight.
scene_heading: 44 INT. CAROLINE AND TOBY'S KITCHEN - NIGHT 44
text: Caroline, Toby, Marian and Kathy sit at the table eating
dialog: dinner.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: ... exactly what I wanted for my
dialog: dress. It's a Simplicity pattern,
dialog: and I'm pretty sure I can make it
dialog: myself. It's got big puff
dialog: sleeves...
text: Caroline takes out a cigarette. Then everybody jumps
text: as Toby yells and jumps up knocking his chair over
dialog: backwards.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh!
text: Toby grabs Caroline's lighter, and begins to imitate
text: Dwight: saying, "Oh!" and "Oh, yes!" and Oh, my!"
dialog: and "Here, let me!" and "I'll do that!"
text: It's a mean, accurate imitation of Dwight. All three
text: women laugh in spite of themselves. Caroline keeps
dialog: saying "Jack, that's enough," and Marian says, "Dwight's
dialog: not that bad." But they can't help laughing. Toby
text: offers the other two women a light, then offers a broom,
text: the back door, and the refrigerator a light.
scene_heading: 45 INT. PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE - DAY 45
text: The principal, MR. SHIPPY, sits behind his desk. Toby,
text: looking scared, sits across from him. A secretary lets
text: Caroline into the room. Mr. Shippy rises and introduces
text: himself. Caroline doesn't respond to the introduction.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What did he do?
speaker_heading: MR. SHIPPY
dialog: He violated the school property
dialog: and flouted the law.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Can you say that in English?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: 45 CONTINUED: 45
speaker_heading: MR. SHIPPY
dialog: He wrote obscene words on the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (to Toby)
dialog: Did you do it?
text: (as he shakes his
dialog: head "no")
dialog: He didn't do it.
speaker_heading: MR. SHIPPY
dialog: (strong)
text: He wrote obscene words on the wall.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What obscene words?
speaker_heading: MR. SHIPPY
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: 'Fuck you.'
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: That's one obscene word.
text: Mr. Shippy looks stymied. There is a pause.
speaker_heading: MR. SHIPPY
dialog: Look, Mrs. Wolff, Jack's teachers,
dialog: like him but they think he's fallen
dialog: in with the wrong kind of friends.
dialog: (peers at Toby's
dialog: hand)
dialog: Is that nicotine stain on your
dialog: fingers?
text: (as Toby shakes his
dialog: head "no")
dialog: I hope not. Let me tell you a
dialog: story: I started smoking in
dialog: college. Two packs a day. I ate
dialog: 'em.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: One night I went to have a
dialog: cigarette and lo and behold, the
dialog: pack was empty. I went downstairs
text: and started to rummage through the
dialog: garbage cans. But as I reached
dialog: down -- I mean, right down into a
dialog: garbage can -- I suddenly thought,
dialog: 'Whoa. Hold on right there,
dialog: Buster.' I went back to my room
dialog: and to this day I haven't smoked
text: another cigarette.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: 45 CONTINUED: (2) 45
speaker_heading: MR. SHIPPY (CONT'D)
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: After that, every day I saved the
dialog: exact amount of money I would've
dialog: spent on cigarettes. In three
dialog: years, I put it all together, and
dialog: you know what I bought? I bought
dialog: myself...
dialog: (a dramatic pause;
dialog: big finish)
dialog: ... a Nash Ambassador.
text: Caroline gives a bark of laughter. She brings out a
text: handkerchief and coughs, as if she has a cold. Mr.
text: Shippy looks puzzled.
speaker_heading: MR. SHIPPY
dialog: Well, back to the point: I think
dialog: two weeks' suspension.
scene_heading: 46 INT. CAROLINE AND TOBY'S HOUSE - SAME DAY (LATER) 46
text: Caroline and Toby enter the house. Caroline goes into
text: the bedroom, shuts the door. Toby sits on the couch.
scene_heading: 46A SAME SCENE - NIGHT 46A
text: Late afternoon sun slants through the venetian blinds.
text: Toby sits exactly as he sat before. Then Caroline comes
text: out of the bedroom, ominously calm. She sits down.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: So what shall we do?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Ever since Duke and I got divorced,
dialog: you're a different boy. I know
dialog: he never calls you and I could
dialog: kill him for it -- but that's how
dialog: Duke is. And Gregory's in
dialog: Princeton now, so I guess...
dialog: (refocusing)
dialog: So what shall we do? Because this
dialog: isn't working.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: We barely have enough money,
text: Kathy's moving out, and on top of
dialog: it all, you've gone wild. You
dialog: lie...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: 46A CONTINUED: 46A
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No I don'...
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Yes, you do. You steal from
dialog: Marian's purse -- I just can't
dialog: handle you anymore, and it scares
dialog: me. I don't know what to do.
dialog: So, you tell me what to do.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (he means it)
dialog: I can be better. I will be.
dialog: (it bursts out of
dialog: him)
dialog: And I hate the way I am anymore!
dialog: I don't know why I do it!
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What about that stenotyping
dialog: thing you were gonna do?
text: With peculiar intensity, Caroline speaks in a soft,
dialog: odd voice:
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: It won't happen. It won't happen.
dialog: It won't happen. Things aren't
dialog: going to turn out well, things
dialog: aren't going to start looking up,
dialog: and it's never going to be like
dialog: heaven on a June day. There is
dialog: no uranium. There is no
text: stenotyping. There is no C.P.A.
dialog: license. There isn't...
text: She stands for a few moments as if listening for a
text: far-off sound.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: ... I talked to Dwight: after
dialog: Christmas, he wants you to come
dialog: up to Concrete and live with him
dialog: for a few months -- go to school
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: What are you going to do, just
dialog: give me away to him?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: If you two can get along, if it
dialog: works out, then I guess he and I
dialog: might get married.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: 46A CONTINUED: (2) 46A
text: The two stare at each other.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I can't think of anything else to
dialog: do. But first I want your
dialog: approval.
text: Again the two stare at each other.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: All right.
text: Caroline nods, turns away.
scene_heading: 47 INT. CAROLINE'S LIVING ROOM - DAY 47
text: Christmas is over: a few scattered pieces of wrapping
text: paper lie scattered on the floor, and a small Christmas
text: tree with bubble-lights glows in a corner.
text: Caroline shuts a suitcase and looks at Toby.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I put in both your sweaters. You
dialog: wear them now, the nights are so
text: chilly up there.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Okay. I will.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You don't have to go if you don't
dialog: want to, honey.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No, it's okay. I'll go.
text: O.S. we hear a KNOCKING and Dwight's cheery voice.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (O.S.)
dialog: Here I am, you lucky people!
scene_heading: 48 EXT. CAROLINE AND TOBY'S HOUSE - DUSK 48
text: Dwights hustles the bags into the trunk, tells Toby to
text: kiss his mother, and hops into the car, all smiles, all
text: cheeriness. The Buick pulls away, leaving Caroline
text: white-faced and miserable.
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: 49 INT. BUICK - NIGHT 49
text: Dwight takes a pull from a pint bottle of whiskey and
text: gives Toby a sneering, contemptuous look. Toby reaches
text: over, SNAPS ON the RADIO. Immediately Dwight SNAPS IT
text: off. Then, in the headlight's glare, Toby sees a dark
dialog: shape.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Hey, look: is that a raccoon or
text: a beaver.
text: Dwight swerves deliberately to hit the animal. There is
text: a sickening THUMP, and Dwight stops. As he backs up:
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Go get it -- the pelt's worth
dialog: fifty bucks, minimum.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: That thing's probably got rabies...
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (low)
dialog: Get it!
scene_heading: 50 EXT. ROAD - NIGHT 50
text: Toby moves to where the dead beaver lies on its back,
text: its eyes open, in the red glow of the taillights. Toby
text: picks the thing up and lugs it back toward Dwight, who
text: has the trunk open.
scene_heading: 51 INT. BUICK - NIGHT 51
text: Dwight is still drinking, between swallows, he gives Toby
text: sneering glances. Dwight is driving very fast. The
text: road begins a series of curves. Dwight doesn't slow
text: down, and the TIRES begin to SCREAM on the curves.
text: The road runs along a steep gorge. Dwight increases
text: the speed, and the car begins to fishtail.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm a little sick to my stomach.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Sick to your stomach? A hotshot
dialog: like you?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm not a hotshot.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: That's what I hear. I hear you're
dialog: a real hotshot. Come and go where
dialog: you please, do what you please.
dialog: Isn't that right? Yeah, regular
dialog: man about town. Performer, too.
dialog: That right, Jack? You a performer?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: That's a goddamned lie.
text: Dwight keeps glancing from the road to Toby, and back
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: If there's one thing I can't
dialog: stomach, it's a liar.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm not a liar.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Sure you are. You or Marian. Is
dialog: Marian a liar? She says you're
dialog: quite the little performer. Is
dialog: that a lie? You tell me that's a
dialog: lie and we'll drive back to Seattle
dialog: so you can call her a liar to her
dialog: face. You want me to do that?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Then you must be the one's a liar,
dialog: right?
dialog: (as Toby nods)
dialog: And you're a performer?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: You guess? You guess? Let's see
dialog: your act. Go on. Do your act.
dialog: (when Toby is silent)
dialog: I'm waiting.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: (2) 51
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Sure you can.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Do me. I hear you do me.
text: Again Toby shakes his head, and then gasps as the CAR
text: SKIDS hideously close to the cliff's edge. Dwight is
text: oblivious to the danger.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Yeah, I hear you're good at doing
dialog: me. Here. Do me with the lighter.
dialog: Go on. Take it.
text: Dwight holds out the velvet-covered Zippo, driving with
text: one hand, and the car is all over the road. Dwight puts
text: the lighter back into his pocket. The car slows a bit.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Hotshot. You pull that hotshot
dialog: stuff around me and I'll break
dialog: every bone in your body. You
dialog: understand me?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You're in for a change, mister.
dialog: You got that? Huh? You got that
dialog: good?
dialog: (so scary)
dialog: You're in for a whole 'nother
dialog: ballgame.
scene_heading: 52 EXT. DWIGHT'S HOUSE - NIGHT 52
text: Dwight's Buick pulls to a stop as Norma, Skipper and
text: Pearl come out to meet them. Dwight is calmer now.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Skipper, go get that washtub out
dialog: back, and Pearl, bring the hose
dialog: around and fill it up. Hotshot
dialog: and me hit a beaver. We'll salt
dialog: him down.
text: Skipper and Pearl move out on the run. Dwight slits the
text: beaver from throat to testicles, guts it, then pulls the
dialog: skin off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: 52
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I know you think you're better
dialog: than me. Caroline told me all
dialog: about your rich daddy and your
dialog: prep-school brother, but your
dialog: fancy days are over: you're a
dialog: Concrete boy now. I'm gonna give
dialog: you a big injection of Concrete.
dialog: That's right -- inoculate you.
dialog: Oh, my, yes. You're gonna find
dialog: out that in Concrete we have to
dialog: be able to do more than sing Fats
dialog: Domino songs, we work...
text: Skipper and Pearl bring the tub with four blue stars
text: painted on its side, Dwight plops the skinned beaver
text: into the water. The hairless carcass stands in the
text: tub, its chin on the edge. Pearl shudders and turns
dialog: away.
scene_heading: 53 INT. DWIGHT'S KITCHEN - SAME NIGHT (LATER) 53
text: Dwight, Toby, Norma, Skipper and Pearl are eating dinner
text: at the kitchen table. Norma speaks to Toby.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You'll be in Miss Graham's class?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah, is she nice?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: She's okay. She's pretty.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I hate changing schools.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Speaking of changing, I had a talk
dialog: with Jack on the way up here, and
dialog: he says he wants to be a better
dialog: boy. And that's good, 'cause
dialog: things weren't going well for him
dialog: in Seattle: the police actually
dialog: came to his house to talk to
dialog: Caroline about him. Uh-huh, the
dialog: police.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: (very low; to Toby)
dialog: Criminal.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: So here's what I think: I think
dialog: idle hands are the devil's
dialog: workshop, and so I found our Jack
dialog: a little something to do.
dialog: (to Toby)
dialog: I picked up two barrels of horse-
dialog: chestnuts in the park. You can
dialog: spend your evenings hulling 'em.
dialog: And I enrolled you in the Boy
dialog: Scouts, and you've got a paper
dialog: route, starting Monday, every
dialog: afternoon from three to six-thirty
dialog: -- pays fifty-five bucks a month.
dialog: What d'you say?
text: Toby glances around the table, he is subdued.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'll do it.
dialog: (means it)
dialog: I want to be... better.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: That's what I like to hear. Okay,
dialog: you guys get these dishes cleaned
dialog: up. Let's show Jack how we do it
dialog: in Concrete.
scene_heading: 54 INT. SCHOOL ROOM - DAY 54
text: MISS GRAHAM stands in front of the class. Toby is midway
text: back in the room.
speaker_heading: MISS GRAHAM
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 'Of course I prayed -- and did God
dialog: care? He cared as much as on the
text: air a bird had stamped her foot
dialog: and cried, "Give me".' Now. What
dialog: is the tone of this short poem?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Is it religious?
speaker_heading: MISS GRAHAM
dialog: No -- even though it talks about
dialog: God, I wouldn't say it was
dialog: religious.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: It's sad.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: MISS GRAHAM
dialog: Well, closer, maybe. But no.
text: There is a pause. Finally, Toby raises his hand.
speaker_heading: MISS GRAHAM
dialog: Jack?
speaker_heading: TOBY
text: It's angry, sort of bitter.
speaker_heading: MISS GRAHAM
dialog: Very good, Jack. Bull's-eye.
text: From the front of the room, a tall, thin, effeminate
text: boy, ARTHUR GAYLE, turns to look at Toby and holds
text: the gaze for three full beats, then turns around and
text: faces the front. What the hell does it mean?
scene_heading: 55 INT. SKIPPER AND TOBY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 55
text: The room is dark. Skipper is asleep. Toby lies in a
text: cot. Dwight leans against the wall near the head of
text: Toby's bed. He speaks in a low, reasonable voice:
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: ... 'cause I don't believe that
dialog: crap, you know? I believe there
dialog: is such a thing as a bad boy --
dialog: bad clear through. And it's gonna
dialog: be my job to turn you around, to
dialog: kill or cure. Kill. Or. Cure.
dialog: Understand? And I'm up to the
dialog: job, oh yes, believe me, hotshot,
dialog: I am ready, willing and able to
dialog: take you on -- you and that
dialog: jibagoo music you like to sing.
dialog: I'm just the guy to knock that
dialog: music out of your head and put in
dialog: some respect and obedience.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Now your mother has just about
dialog: washed her hands of you -- that's
dialog: obvious, 'cause she's shipped you
dialog: off up here. I mean, she has had
dialog: it with you. She told me: she
dialog: said 'Dwight, I just can't handle
dialog: him anymore.' So don't go crying
dialog: to Mama, 'cause Mama won't listen.
text: Mama is sick to death of her baby
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: 55
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (CONT'D)
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: And your rich Daddy Warbucks and
dialog: your Princeton brother don't give
dialog: a shit about you, 'cause Caroline
dialog: told me they haven't even written
dialog: in over two years. So it looks
dialog: like I'm all you got now -- it's
dialog: just you and me. Feels sort of
dialog: inevitable, doesn't it, hotshot?
dialog: It's like we were fated for each
dialog: other, like I'm the one guy on
dialog: Earth could set you straight.
dialog: And don't you ever think I won't
dialog: enjoy doing it, 'cause...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: SERIES OF SHORT SCENES TO INDICATE TIME PASSING
text: 55 A) (AFTERNOON) Toby delivers papers in a sack filled 55
text: with papers slung over one shoulder which thuds
text: against his hip with every step making him tilt
text: to one side against the weight.
text: 55 B) (NIGHT) Toby sits in a utility porch. The floor 55
text: around him is two feet deep in horse chestnuts. With
text: a knife and a pair of pliers he husks the chestnuts.
text: His hands are covered with scrapes and cuts and the
text: chestnut hulls bleed a juice that has dyed them a
text: bright yellow.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Toby, I sure do miss you,
dialog: honey -- the house is like a tomb
dialog: since you left. So quiet. My
dialog: only entertainment tonight was
text: watching Marian eat a whole pint
dialog: of ice cream. I hope you're
dialog: liking it up in Concrete. I just
dialog: know you'll try hard in school and
dialog: be good and mind Dwight. I worry
dialog: about you so much, and I hope this
dialog: will be just what you need.
text: 55 C) (DAY) Toby rubs futilely at his yellow hands with 55
text: a cloth and watches Norma, who is drying her hair
text: in her bedroom. She bends over so her head is in
text: a patch of sunlight. Toby is riveted by the girl
text: and her hair gleaming in the sunlight.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: (2) 55
scene_heading: 55 D) (AFTERNOON) Again see Toby delivering his papers. 55
text: He sees Arthur Gayle coming toward him in the
text: street. His hips sway as he walks, and his head
text: tilts to one side. As he and Toby pass one another,
text: he raises one arm and points at Toby. The he walks
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: TOBY (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Mom, Thanks for the birthday
dialog: present. It fit fine. You don't
dialog: have to worry so much. I'm okay
dialog: here. The weather is nice, and I
dialog: like Scouts a lot. Dwight took us
dialog: all to see Bridge on the River
dialog: Kwai. I liked it. So things are
dialog: all right with me, except for
dialog: stupid Pearl, who I hate. Don't
dialog: worry all the time...
text: 55 E) (NIGHT) Dwight introduces Toby at a Scout 55
dialog: meeting. All the other boys have on Scout
dialog: uniforms.
text: 55 F) (DAY) Toby is on the utility porch husking the 55
text: horse chestnuts. His hands are now orange. Pearl
text: stands in the doorway watching him work. Norma
text: appears beside Pearl. Norma's face turns
dialog: sympathetic.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You remind me of that boy in the
dialog: fairy tale who had to spend twenty
dialog: years sifting sand to find a
dialog: golden needle. Remember that one?
text: Toby doesn't answer. The two girls move away. Toby
text: sighs, and picks up another chestnut.
text: 55 G) (DAY) Toby, keeping an eye on the door to make 55
text: sure he's unobserved, reaches under the mattress
text: of Skipper's bed and pulls out several billfold-sized
text: black and white pornographic photographs. The hair
text: styles of the women in them are decades old.
text: Toby takes the photographs into the bathroom,
text: shutting the door behind him.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Toby, Just a note before
dialog: going to bed. Dwight tells me
dialog: that the two of you are getting
dialog: along like a house afire. I'm
dialog: so glad. I wanted this to work
dialog: out for you. You left your sock
dialog: cap here. Do you need it...?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: 55 CONTINUED: (3) 55
text: 55 H) (NIGHT) Skipper is asleep in his bed. Across the 55
text: room, Toby lies with his portable RADIO against his
text: head. We hear, very, very softly, ROSEMARY CLOONEY
text: crooning "Hey, There." He's tired. He's lonely.
dialog: He's miserable.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 56 INT. DWIGHT'S LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON 56
text: Toby and Pearl are playing a card game called "Slap-
text: Jack." Toby slaps a card down hard, yelling "I win
text: again!" and Pearl pouts.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: That's no fair. You make me sick.
dialog: I don't know why you have to live
dialog: here, anyway. Daddy says we
dialog: should think of it like you were
dialog: a charity kid.
text: Toby takes out his comb, combs his hair a bit, then
text: holds it out to Pearl, an exaggerated look of innocence
text: on his face.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Wanna comb your hair, Pearl?
text: Pearl covers her bald spot with one hand.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Probably you do, since you've
dialog: got such pretty hair. I know if
dialog: I had hair as pretty as yours,
dialog: Pearl, I'd comb it all the time.
text: Pearl is on the verge of tears. There are THREE TREMEN-
text: DOUSLY LOUD FLAT-FOOTED KICKS against the front door.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (O.S.)
dialog: Open the hell up! I got us a
dialog: treat!
text: Pearl opens the door revealing a beaming Dwight holding
text: two dishpans piled high with snow. We see through the
text: doorway that the sun is shining and there isn't snow
dialog: anywhere.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: We're gonna have snowcream!
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: 57 INT. DWIGHT'S KITCHEN - LATER 57
text: Dwight, Toby, Skipper, Norma, and Pearl are enjoying
text: the snowcream.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: ... heard there was a fresh snow
dialog: this morning, so I drove up to
dialog: the mountains. I stopped in a
dialog: field where it was all clean. I
dialog: was finished packing it up high
dialog: when somebody said...
dialog: (prissy voice)
dialog: This's private property, in case
dialog: you're interested.
dialog: (normal voice)
dialog: I turned around and there was this
dialog: woman...
dialog: (he shudders)
dialog: Yechh! Ugliest woman I ever saw
dialog: -- ugly as a madman's ass she was.
text: And frowning on top of it.
text: Everybody laughs.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Oh, Daddy!
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: She was!
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (to Pearl; soft;
dialog: happy)
dialog: You're ugly as a madman's ass.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: No, you are.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: What'd you say to the ugly woman?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I didn't say nothin' -- I ran.
text: Everybody laughs again. They eat in silence for a beat.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I'm gonna get you a Scout uniform,
dialog: Jack.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (surprised, pleased)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: Can I join the Girl Scouts?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I'm getting one for me, too.
dialog: Don't believe in doing anything
dialog: halfway. If you're serious about
dialog: the Scouts...
dialog: (as Toby nods)
dialog: ... then I want you to do it right.
dialog: We'll do it right together.
text: Dwight takes out a magazine entitled Boy's Life. He
text: hands it to Toby.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I got you a subscription to this.
dialog: I'll take the price out of your
dialog: paper route money.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Boy's Life?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: It's the official Scout magazine.
dialog: Tells about what it means to be a
dialog: Scout, what kind of boy you need
dialog: to be, and, oh, about merit badges
dialog: and stuff like that.
text: Toby opens the book at random, reads from it.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: 'Suggested good turns a Scout can
dialog: do: assist a foreign boy with
dialog: some English grammar. Help put
dialog: out a burning field. Give water
dialog: to a crippled dog.' I could do
dialog: those.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Hell, yes, you could. You're a
dialog: bright kid. I want this Scout
dialog: thing done right, okay?
text: Toby nods, enthusiastic, happy.
scene_heading: 58 INT. TOBY AND SKIPPER'S BEDROOM - AFTERNOON 58
text: Toby stands in front of a full-length mirror wearing a
text: huge Scout uniform that's been unsuccessfully cut down
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: 58
text: The shirt-sleeves have been shortened but the shoulders
text: extend two inches beyond the ends of his shoulders. The
text: pants legs have been cut off and hemmed but the crotch of
text: the trousers hangs down three inches too low, giving him
text: a stumpy, dwarfish look. Toby yells to someone O.S.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm not going.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (O.S.)
dialog: The hell you say.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm not. Cut down Skipper's old
dialog: stuff, and he's twice as big as
dialog: me -- I'm gonna stay home.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (O.S.)
dialog: You're gonna shit and fall back in
dialog: it -- that's all you're gonna do.
dialog: Now get out here.
scene_heading: 59 INT. DWIGHT'S LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON 59
text: As Pearl watches Dwight also stands in front of a mirror,
text: adjusting his hat. He is resplendent in a brand-new
text: Scout uniform. Toby stalks into the room. Pearl laughs
text: loudly.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (to Pearl)
dialog: Shut your pie-hole.
dialog: (to Toby)
dialog: You look fine.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I look like an idiot.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: You act like an idiot, you look
dialog: fine.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: You said you'd get me a new
dialog: uniform.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I said I'd try to get you a new
dialog: uniform. Beside, this one is new
dialog: -- new to you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: 59 CONTINUED: 59
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: But look at the sleeves and how it
dialog: hangs down between my legs!
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Oh piss and moan -- all you can do
text: is piss and moan.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah, piss and moan -- I notice
dialog: you're all jazzed up in new stuff.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: They didn't have second-hand
dialog: uniforms in my size.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, yeah, pull the other leg, it's
dialog: got bells on it!
text: Toby throws himself down on the sofa.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: And what're you gonna tell
dialog: Caroline this weekend? You gonna
dialog: say you wouldn't join the Scouts
dialog: because... him didn't wike his
dialog: widdle uniform?
text: Dwight picks up the copy of Boy's Life and thumbs through
dialog: it, He reads:
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: 'No boy given over to dissipation
dialog: or negativity can stand the gaff.
text: He quickly tires and gives up. He
dialog: is the type who usually lacks
dialog: courage at the crucial moment. He
dialog: cannot take punishment and come
dialog: back smiling.'
text: Dwight looks at Toby expectantly. Toby hesitates, then
dialog: gives up.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: All right, but this stinks.
text: Toby walks outside. Dwight follows.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Hotshot, you don't know it yet,
dialog: but me and Concrete are in your
dialog: blood. We're going to make a
dialog: man of you yet -- and in years to
dialog: come you'll thank me. You'll
dialog: remember me. Me and Concrete.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: 60 EXT. CAROLINE'S HOUSE - DAY 60
text: Dwight's Buick pulls up and Caroline bursts out the front
text: door. She runs to the car and hugs Toby.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh, I missed you!
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Me, too.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You look good. How are you?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm okay. I'm fine.
text: Dwight comes around the car, kisses Caroline, and the
text: three head into the house.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I said to hell with the budget and
dialog: bought a roast. I made dumplings --
dialog: God, what's wrong with your hands?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: It's just juice from some
dialog: chestnuts -- it'll wear off.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I hope so. My, your hair's short.
scene_heading: 61 INT. CAROLINE'S LIVING ROOM - DAY 61
text: Dwight, Caroline and Marian are having a drink. Toby
text: plays FATS DOMINO'S "Blue Monday" on the RADIO, the
scene_heading: VOLUME LOW.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (to Dwight)
dialog: Well, it's done him a world of
dialog: good to be up there with you.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Oh, we have us some pretty good
dialog: times. Don't we, Jack? Have us
dialog: some good times?
text: Toby, not looking away from the radio, nods.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: We go to the Scouts together every
dialog: week. He's got a good start
dialog: already on merit badges...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: 61 CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Toby)
dialog: ... though he does concentrate too
dialog: much on the easy ones, like the
dialog: one for dental hygiene...
dialog: (to Caroline)
dialog: ... and we had snowcream one
dialog: night, and, oh, just lots of
dialog: stuff.
text: Caroline glances at Toby, then at Dwight, then back
dialog: again.
scene_heading: 62 EXT. CAROLINE'S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 62
text: Toby and Caroline walk slowly, idly down the rail tracks.
text: Toby avoids her eyes.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: How is it in Concrete?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: It's fine.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: School?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: School's school. My grades are
dialog: okay.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You haven't been in any trouble?
text: (as he shakes his
dialog: head)
dialog: Good. How're you and Dwight?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: He made us all snowcream, like he
dialog: said.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Stop that, honey.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (stops walking)
dialog: Well, you've got your eyes out of
dialog: focus. Look at me. Now, are
dialog: things all right?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 62 CONTINUED: 62
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm fine.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You swear? You act odd.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No, I'm fine.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Well, good. I'd feel awful if it
dialog: hadn't worked out.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I told Dwight I'd marry him. In
dialog: two weeks. I don't know what else
dialog: to do. I mean, he's been helping
dialog: me with the rent since Kathy left.
dialog: And you need a father. I think
dialog: it's the best thing all the way
dialog: around -- what d'you think?
text: There is a pause as they look at each other.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I think it's the best thing.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I think it's the best thing, too.
text: Caroline smiles, smooths his hair, then goes into the
text: house. Toby continues to walk. Suddenly, he spins
text: around and tears out toward the house. By God, he'll
text: tell her just what's been going on. He bangs through the
text: front door and up the stairs.
scene_heading: 63 INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 63
text: Toby stops dead as he sees Dwight and Caroline locked
text: in a busy kiss. He stops dead and shrinks back into the
text: hallway, defeated.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 64 INT. SKIPPER AND TOBY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 64
text: Toby is alone in the room in his Boy Scout shirt and hat
text: in front of a mirror. A copy of Boy's Life magazine is
text: open in front of him with drawings of Indians performing
text: sign language. Watching himself in the mirror, Toby
text: makes a sign.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: 64
speaker_heading: TOBY
text: Hungry.
text: He makes another sign.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Food.
text: He makes another sign.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Want.
text: He makes another sign.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Great mystery.
text: He makes another sign.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Father.
text: He stares silently at himself in the mirror.
scene_heading: A65 INT. DWIGHT'S LIVING ROOM - DAY A65
text: Tarpaulins are everywhere. Toby stands surrounded by
text: seven five-gallon cans of paint. Carrying paintbrushes,
text: Dwight enters, dressed in old clothes singing "In The
dialog: Still Of The Night."
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Now that's a song. Not all this
dialog: Elvis Presley shit. Elvis sings
dialog: about like I do brain surgery.
text: He imitates Elvis -- moves his hips slightly and sings a
dialog: few notes:
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: '... uh-huh-huh, my blue suede
dialog: shoes.'
text: Dwight gives Toby a flash of his teeth and Toby smiles
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Let's get this place ready for
dialog: Caroline.
text: They begin painting. After only a few strokes, though,
text: Toby looks doubtful.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: A65 CONTINUED: A65
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: It's so white.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I got a good deal on this paint.
dialog: (stands back;
dialog: appraises)
dialog: It'll darken up when it dries.
scene_heading: 65 SAME SCENE - LATER 65
text: The walls and ceiling are almost finished, but the paint
dialog: has not darkened.
text: As he paints, he absentmindedly sings "Blue Suede Shoes."
text: Then he stops painting, as he notices Toby looking at the
dialog: walls.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: What? I like it. It looks clean.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah, but it makes everything else
dialog: look so dark.
text: Dwight's face changes. He has an idea.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
scene_heading: 65 A) SAME SCENE - LATER 65
text: On the SOUNDTRACK, ELVIS BLASTS OUT "Blue Suede
text: Shoes." Dwight and Toby paint the coffee table and
text: lamp base white.
scene_heading: 65 B) SAME SCENE - LATER 65
text: Dwight and Toby, working faster, are painting the
text: end tables white.
scene_heading: 65 C) INT. DINING ROOM - LATER 65
text: The walls and ceiling are white, Dwight and Toby are
text: painting the dining table white.
speaker_heading: 65 D) OMITTED 65
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: 65 CONTINUED: (2) 65
scene_heading: 65 E) INT. KITCHEN - LATE NIGHT 65
text: Dwight and Toby are painting the cabinets and kitchen
text: table white.
scene_heading: 65 F) INT. LIVING ROOM - NEXT MORNING 65
text: Everywhere we look is white, the walls, ceiling,
text: furniture -- all of it. Only the old Baldwin upright
text: piano has escaped painting. Dwight eyes it
dialog: suspiciously.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Sort of stands out, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah, you could say that.
scene_heading: 65 G) SAME SCENE - LATER 65
text: They paint the Baldwin white. Dwight hesitates, then
text: starts to paint the foot pedals.
scene_heading: 65 H) SAME SCENE - LATER 65
text: Dwight's face tells us that something still doesn't
text: suit him. He glances at Toby, Toby nods, and they
text: converge on the piano.
scene_heading: 65 J) SAME SCENE - LATER 65
text: Very carefully, Dwight and Toby finish painting the
text: dark ivory keys to match the rest of the room. ELVIS
text: SCREAMS OUT the last line, "You can do anything, but
dialog: stay off of my blue suede shoes!"
text: They stand up, look around -- Arctic white is every-
text: where. Dwight likes it. Toby is less sure.
text: The MONTAGE ENDS.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. DWIGHT'S HOUSE - DAY 66
text: Skipper and Norma are carrying Caroline's suitcases into
text: the house from Dwight's Buick. From inside the house we
text: hear a WOMAN'S LAUGHTER.
scene_heading: 67 INT. DWIGHT'S LIVING ROOM - PARALLEL TIME 67
text: Caroline is trying to stifle her laughter, as she stares
text: at the wilderness of white. Dwight and Toby, Skipper,
text: Norma, and Pearl all stand watch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: 67
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh! Oh, I'm so sorry... don't
dialog: know what's the matter with me...
dialog: you're right... it does look
dialog: clean...
text: But she can't stop laughing. Her laughter has just a
text: tinge of hysteria.
scene_heading: 68 INT. SMALL CHURCH - MORNING 68
text: Dwight and Caroline are being married. Caroline wears
text: a pale blue suit, and Dwight looks good in a navy single-
text: breasted. Aside from Toby and Dwight's children, the
dialog: only guests are Marian, Kathy, and three people we
dialog: haven't seen before -- friends of Dwight's.
scene_heading: 69 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT 69
text: The bed is a rat's nest of twisted sheets as Dwight and
text: Caroline make love. He takes his lips away from
text: Caroline's breast and moves so that his head is at the
text: bottom of the bed. Holding her foot up, he kisses the
text: instep, then runs his tongue over the same spot and then
text: down under the arch of her foot. A sexy scene.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: M-m-m. There's not a straight
dialog: line on you -- everything's
dialog: curved.
text: Caroline draws him up to her, and they kiss. Then
text: Dwight turns Caroline on her side, away from him, pre-
text: paring to enter her. Caroline makes a small sound of
text: protest, turning back toward him.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh, Dwight, not like that. Not
dialog: this time -- not tonight.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: It's good this way.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: But I want to see your face while
dialog: we make love.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (uncomfortable laugh)
dialog: Oh, no -- I just don't... uh...
dialog: like that way.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 69 CONTINUED: 69
text: Dwight continues to stroke Caroline, his hands everywhere,
text: but now she is unresponsive.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You mean you don't like to make
dialog: love face to face?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (same laugh)
dialog: No, I don't like it. I can't
dialog: handle it -- I don't like to see
text: the face.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You mean ever?
text: Dwight murmurs an assent. Caroline is appalled.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: But that's grotesque...
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (stung; flares up)
dialog: Look, you can get it doggie-style
dialog: or you can get it laying on your
dialog: side -- those are your only
dialog: choices. This is my house, and I
dialog: get to say. Wherever McGinty sits
dialog: is the head of the table, you
dialog: know?
text: Disgusted, Caroline turns back away from Dwight. He
text: shifts down on the bed a few inches, again preparing to
dialog: enter her.
scene_heading: 70 INT. KITCHEN - NEXT MORNING 70
text: Toby is eating toast at the kitchen table. Norma has
text: made a big breakfast, and she hurriedly pours the coffee
text: when she hears Dwight and Caroline's bedroom DOOR OPEN.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Happy Wedding Breakfast!
text: Caroline's eyes are red and swollen. Dwight turns ON a
text: RADIO, sips his coffee, and chats with Norma. Toby gives
text: Norma's rear-end an appreciative glance, then comes up
text: behind Caroline, speaking sotto voce:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: So how's the bride?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 70 CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Don't.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: The bride doesn't want to chat?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Stop it.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Well, the bride is sure snotty
dialog: this morning.
text: Smiling, Toby waits for some response to his teasing,
text: but there is none. She turns away and sits at the table.
scene_heading: 71 EXT. RESIDENTIAL NEIGHBORHOOD - AFTERNOON 71
text: Toby, his news bag slung over his shoulder, stands
text: talking idly with two boys from school, OSCAR BOOKER and
text: JIMMY VOORHEES. One of them says, "Uh-oh," and jerks his
text: head to indicate where Toby and the other boy should
dialog: look.
text: They look in the direction indicated, and see Arthur
text: Gayle coming down the road toward them, followed by a
text: small black dog called Pepper. As the boys watch
dialog: Arthur's approach:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: What's his name again?
speaker_heading: OSCAR
dialog: Arthur Gayle.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: What a homo.
speaker_heading: TOBY
text: He sure walks like a girl.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: And runs like one and talks like
text: one and throws like one. Probably
dialog: takes a pee like one too -- just
text: squats right down.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: He smarted off to me the other
dialog: day -- told me I was a bourgeois.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: What the frig's a bourgeois?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: 71
speaker_heading: OSCAR
dialog: (to Toby)
dialog: Call him a sissy.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: OSCAR
dialog: Just see what he says.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Yeah, do it.
text: By this time Arthur is next to them. Smiling a superior
text: smile, he stops and glances at all three of them as if
dialog: they were just the oddest things he's ever seen. Then
text: his eye falls on Toby's yellow hands.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Oh, my, my -- look at all that
dialog: yellow: Didn't your mama teach you
dialog: to wash your hands after you pee?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, shut up.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (rolls his eyes;
dialog: heavily sarcastic)
dialog: Now that's what I like -- an
dialog: insult with some originality.
dialog: Did you just make that up? Just
dialog: now? So clever.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Why don't you take a long walk
dialog: off a short pier?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (though he's not
dialog: nearly close enough
dialog: to smell Toby's
dialog: breath)
dialog: Excuse me, but has anyone ever told
dialog: you your breath would gag a maggot?
text: Both of Toby's friends laugh.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Well, at least I'm not a great
dialog: big sissy!
text: Two things happen instantly: the superior smile vanishes
text: from Arthur's face, and Toby's friends exchange a single
text: expectant look: "Here it comes."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: (2) 71
text: Without warning, Arthur swings a fist at Toby, catching
text: him on the ear. Arthur's second blow hits him in the
text: back of the head.
text: The fight is on.
text: Arthur throws punches sidearm, with lots of wrist action,
text: but there are so many of them. Before Toby can react,
text: Arthur has hit him four times, including one wild haymaker
text: that puts Toby on his knees.
text: While Toby's still on his knees, Arthur tries to kick
text: him in the stomach. The kick is deadened by the papers
text: in Toby's bag, Arthur bends over Toby, screaming as if he
dialog: has lost his mind:
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: GET UP! GET UP, YOU SON OF A
text: BITCHING MAGGOT GAGGER! I'LL
dialog: STOMP YOUR GUTS OUT! I'LL KILL
dialog: YOU!
text: Toby gets up, and again Arthur sails in with those wild
text: roundhouse swings. Then Toby gets in a solid punch to
text: Arthur's face that rocks the bigger boy back on his
text: heels. Arthur grabs his head and roars like a wounded
text: buffalo. Almost immediately Arthur's eye puffs and
text: begins to swell shut. Snot streaming from both nostrils,
text: still roaring, Arthur flies at Toby again. Toby closes
text: with him, to hold those flailing arms still, and the
text: two stagger around the street like drunken dancers.
text: They separate, exchange a few blows, then grapple with
text: each other again.
text: Then Arthur hooks Toby's leg, trips him, and the two
text: roll off the shoulder of the road and down an embankment.
text: They hit the muddy bottom of the gully still hitting,
text: flailing, kicking -- first Toby is on top, then Arthur,
text: then Toby, then Arthur. By now they are panting, each
text: breath is a heave, a gasp. Then, suddenly, Arthur gives
text: out completely -- he falls on top of Toby, pressing him
text: deeper into the mud. With his last bit of strength Toby
text: throws the bigger boy off him and sits up, while PEPPER
text: BARKS FURIOUSLY at him and threatens to nip his leg.
text: Toby staggers to his feet and starts to climb the gully.
text: He looks relieved -- at least it's over.
dialog: No, it's not.
text: From behind him he hears three words.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Take it back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: (3) 71
text: Toby turns to see a bloody-faced, swollen-eyed Arthur
text: clambering up the hill after him, like some monster
text: that won't die. Both boys reach the top and stand
text: facing one another.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Take it back.
text: Arthur's words are not angry anymore. Toby's worn out
dialog: too...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Say it.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Okay. I take it back.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: No, say 'You're not a sissy.'
text: Toby glances at Oscar and Jimmy. Their faces are gleeful
dialog: but he doesn't care what the hell they think.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: You're not a sissy.
text: Arthur immediately turns and walks away, but Toby ignores
text: them and walks away in the opposite direction, delivering
dialog: his hated newspapers.
scene_heading: 72 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S LIVING ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 72
text: Caroline is painting the white walls a soothing buff
text: color. On the sofa lie half-finished curtains she's
text: making. She is totally focused. She hears Toby, turns,
text: sees his filthy clothes. Her shoulders sag.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I won't do it, you know. I won't
dialog: be a referee between the two of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Who asked you?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You both do. You do. Just by
dialog: coming home like this you ask me
dialog: to take your side when he raises
dialog: hell.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, the answer's 'No.' I'm going
dialog: to make this marriage work. No
dialog: fights.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, the bride is calm. Who the
dialog: hell cares?
text: Caroline refuses to argue. She picks up a piece of
text: material and holds it up to the window to see if her
dialog: choice of color was a good one.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: ... seems like this place is so
dialog: ugly. Seems like everywhere I
dialog: look there's something... ugly.
scene_heading: 73 INT. SKIPPER AND TOBY'S ROOM - EVENING 73
text: A worried Toby sits dreading Dwight's arrival. Behind
text: him, on the wall, Toby has pinned the covers of fifteen
dialog: copies of the Scout magazine: so that, above Toby's
text: head are the words BOY'S LIFE fifteen times.
text: There is a MURMUR of VOICES, and FOOTSTEPS COMING toward
text: Toby. Toby expects the worst. But, surprisingly, Dwight
text: is beaming.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Who won?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Uh, well, uh... he's the one can't
text: see out of one eye.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Hot damn! You actually gave
dialog: little Lord Gayle a black eye?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Well, it wasn't black yet.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: But it was all puffed up?
dialog: (as Toby nods)
dialog: Then it was a shiner.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED: 73
text: Dwight sits down next to Toby, eager for details.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: How'd it start?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I called him a sissy.
text: Dwight hoots with laughter and slaps his leg.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Well, he sure's hell can't sue you
dialog: for slander. That boy fights for
dialog: the pink team. Did you make him
dialog: cry?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Well... he was just ready to. I
dialog: called him a big-assed, squat-
dialog: to-pee sissy.
text: (as Dwight slaps his
dialog: leg again)
dialog: I'd have won bigger except he hit
dialog: me when I wasn't looking.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (suddenly serious)
dialog: He dry-gulched you. Now that's
dialog: your fault. You gotta keep your
dialog: guard up. There's no excuse for
dialog: getting dry-gulched. I'll show
dialog: you a couple moves after supper
dialog: that'll leave Miss Arthur Gayle
dialog: wondering what month it is.
scene_heading: 74 INT. DINING ROOM - EVENING 74
text: Still excited, Dwight is holding forth for the whole
text: family. (We hear THUNDER of an approaching storm)
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: ... so he says, 'You and who
dialog: else's army?' 'Just the three of
dialog: us,' I say. 'Me, myself and I.'
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Well, after school he's waiting
dialog: for me and he yells something -- I
dialog: tell you, with people like that,
dialog: you got to hurt 'em, gotta inflict
dialog: pain, or they'll never leave you
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: 74
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (CONT'D)
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: So it was real hot out, okay? And
dialog: there were these horse turds laying
dialog: all over the place. I picked one up
dialog: and went up to him, but not acting
dialog: tough, okay? Acting more like, 'Oh
dialog: gee, I'm so scared, please don't
dialog: hurt me.' Sort of like this:
text: Dwight slumps his shoulders, drops his chin, and looks up
text: through his eyebrows, a simpering expression on his face.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: So I say, 'Excuse me, but what's
dialog: the problem?' And he starts in on
dialog: me again, blah, blah, blah, and I
dialog: jam a horse turd right into that
text: big mouth. Then I give him a
text: sucker punch in the breadbasket,
text: and he goes down like a...
text: Dwight goes on, relishing the story.
scene_heading: 75 EXT. UTILITY PORCH - NIGHT 75
text: A steady downpour falls outside the porch. Dwight and
text: Toby, both stripped to the waist, are boxing. Dwight is
dialog: totally serious about this, absolutely sincere.
text: The sweat streaming off the two, Dwight patiently corrects
text: Toby's movements, or catches the boy's fist to suggest
text: better form. Their feet shuffle, squeak on the floor.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
text: No, no. From the shoulder.
dialog: Straight.
dialog: (demonstrates)
dialog: Like this. This. Otherwise you
dialog: leave yourself wide open.
dialog: (as Toby tries)
dialog: Yeah, better, better... and keep
text: those feet moving, shuffle,
dialog: shuffle, that's right... now try
dialog: for my face... good...
scene_heading: 76 INT. LIVING ROOM - PARALLEL TIME 76
text: Caroline is on the telephone, her voice low. (Behind
text: her, through a doorway, we can see Dwight and Toby
dialog: boxing.)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: ... not good, to tell you the
dialog: truth not good at all.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: No, he's not mean to me...
dialog: (listens again)
dialog: No, he's good about that: comes
text: home right after work every night.
dialog: (listens again)
dialog: Oh, Marian, I don't know -- maybe
dialog: I just got my hopes too high,
dialog: although I don't think so. All I
dialog: want is a little...
dialog: (searches)
dialog: ... a little son-of-a-bitching
dialog: sweetness. That's all.
dialog: (listens; laughs)
dialog: You think so, huh? You always did
dialog: have an eye for Dwight, didn't
dialog: you?
dialog: (leans back; watches
dialog: Dwight and Toby)
dialog: The thing is, he's out on the
dialog: porch teaching Jack to box right
dialog: now. I keep thinking if I can
dialog: hang on, things'll settle down.
dialog: If I can just hang on long enough,
dialog: it'll work out and my kid'll have
dialog: a father. You know?
scene_heading: 77 EXT. UTILITY PORCH - LATER 77
text: Both Dwight and Toby sweating heavily. They lean against
text: a wall, resting.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: You said you'd show me how to
dialog: dry-gulch somebody.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Okay. Now you can always kick
dialog: somebody in the balls, but I like
dialog: this one better: What you do is
dialog: hit 'em in the throat with the
dialog: side of your forearm. You wait
dialog: 'til -- hah!
text: Without warning, Dwight lunges at Toby and swings the
text: side of his arm toward Toby's throat. Toby dodges
text: wildly, falling backward over a box of sports equipment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: 77
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Now that's dry-gulching. Hit 'em
dialog: in the throat, but do it before
dialog: they're expecting it. Now you try.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm afraid I'll hurt you.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: You won't.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: But I might.
text: Finally Toby gives a half-hearted "Hah!" and swings the
text: side of his forearm toward Dwight's throat. Dwight
text: catches the arm easily.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Come onnn. You're not trying.
text: Again Toby hesitates, again he says "Hah!" and gives a
text: lukewarm swing at Dwight's throat.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Well, don't go all shy and delicate
dialog: on me -- you're as sissy as little
dialog: Miss Arthur Gayle. Yeah -- I'll just
dialog: call you 'Little Miss Jackie Wolff.'
dialog: Ooh, my, yes -- Hello, Jackie.
text: Toby's eyes flare up, then he lowers his head, biting
text: his lip, sniffling a bit.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Aw, Jesus Christ, if you're gonna --
text: Without warning, Toby lunges at Dwight, screaming "HAH!"
text: trying for the man's throat. Caught off guard, Dwight
text: stops the main force of Toby's arm, but is slammed onto
text: the ground stunned.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: You just about got dry-gulched, my
dialog: man.
text: Dwight manages a grin, but he is not happy to have been
text: bested.
scene_heading: 78 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 78
text: Dwight and Caroline lie on the bed, kissing passionately.
text: It is clear that Caroline is as excited as Dwight.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I know you may think this is
dialog: silly, Dwight, but it seems
dialog: like... I don't know, like an
dialog: emblem or something. I want to
dialog: be able to see your face when we
dialog: make love. How else can we be
dialog: cl --
text: The rest of the word is jerked out of her as Dwight turns
text: her onto her side, away from him, and proceeds to make
text: love again in his favorite manner.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: You just don't know what's good,
dialog: Sugar. You're too tense. You
dialog: just relax and Dwight'll take you
dialog: on a little trip. Okay? You'll
dialog: have a good time.
text: Caroline closes her eyes.
scene_heading: 78A SAME SCENE - HOURS LATER 78A
text: Dwight leans back against the headboard of the bed.
text: Caroline sits between his legs, her back against his
text: chest. With one hand, Dwight strokes Caroline's hair.
text: The other hand is curled around her throat.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: ... are the prettiest thing I've
dialog: ever seen. I mean it. You are.
dialog: The way your hair curls up right
dialog: there. So pretty. I just love
dialog: you so much. I don't know what
dialog: I'd do if you ever left me. I
dialog: couldn't take it.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Guy I knew in the Navy had a
dialog: saying: 'If you love her, here's
dialog: what to do: Let her go visit
dialog: places new. If she loves you,
dialog: she'll come back to you. If
dialog: she don't come back... hunt the
dialog: bitch down and kill her.'
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: That's awful, I guess. I don't
dialog: feel that way, but close. My
dialog: pretty thing...
text: We see that Caroline realizes the enormity of her
dialog: mistake.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: 79 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S LIVING ROOM - MUCH LATER 79
text: Smoking a cigarette and wearing a nightgown, Caroline
text: walks to the front door.
text: She opens the front door and stands looking out. Then
text: she puts her finger on the door and slowly pushes it shut
text: with one finger. She does this once more. Then she does
text: it again. She turns, walks toward Toby's room.
scene_heading: 80 INT. SKIPPER AND TOBY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 80
text: Caroline enters and stands by Toby's bed. She bends over
text: the boy and she starts to touch his hair, decides not to.
text: She stares at Toby for a few beats.
scene_heading: 81 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 81
text: Caroline enters, looks down at the sleeping Dwight. She
text: gets back into the bed and Dwight throws a sleepy hand
text: over her. Caroline hesitates, but forces herself to put
text: a hand over Dwight's.
scene_heading: 82 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S KITCHEN - MORNING 82
text: THROUGH a window, Dwight, dressed in his coveralls,
text: leaves for work. Caroline is sewing on a machine whilst
text: Toby leans against the kitchen sink.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: ... but ask him again, why don't
dialog: you? I hate it so much.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (never stops sewing)
dialog: I asked him a week ago, I asked
dialog: him this morning -- he wants you
dialog: to keep the paper route.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Then make him give me the money.
dialog: It's mine, I earned it. It's
dialog: $220.00 already.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: He won't. He says he'll keep it
dialog: for when you really need it.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: That's not fair. I ought to be
dialog: able to have my own money.
dialog: (as Caroline shrugs)
dialog: But it's mine.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: 82
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You remind me of a baby bird --
dialog: you know those frantic little
dialog: things with their mouths wide
text: open, wanting, wanting.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Well, at least ask him about my
dialog: gym shoes again. I can practice
dialog: barefoot but for games I gotta
dialog: have shoes.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I'm not a referee. I won't do
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, we know, we know: the bride
dialog: won't argue. The bride won't
dialog: raise her voice.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Well, I'll tell you what the bride
dialog: will do: the bride will get up
dialog: and walk over there and slap hell
text: out of the bride's son. Now does
dialog: the bride's son want his face
dialog: slapped?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, I hate it here! I wish we
dialog: could just get up and go.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I don't have another 'get up and
dialog: go' left in me! You understand?
dialog: I'm telling you I've hit a god-
dialog: damn wall. I can't run anymore.
dialog: Now this whole thing isn't perfect
dialog: for me, either... let me impress
dialog: that on you real strong, okay? I
dialog: don't wake up singing every morning.
dialog: But I'm going to make this marriage
dialog: work -- I won't join in any fights,
dialog: you got that? I won't even raise
dialog: my voice!
text: Caroline points to the sink.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: See those two roses? He picked
dialog: them for me on his way home last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: (2) 82
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Big deal.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I'm trying to concentrate on the
dialog: good stuff.
text: Norma appears in the kitchen door, wearing her cap and
text: gown. She strikes a pose.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: What d'ya think? I think I look
dialog: like a fool.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Who cares? Six weeks to graduation,
dialog: and California, here I come!
text: Norma snaps her fingers and goes back to her bedroom.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (lamely)
dialog: Seriously: you have to
dialog: concentrate on the good stuff.
text: Caroline turns her attention back to the curtains.
scene_heading: 83 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S LIVING ROOM - SAME NIGHT 83
speaker_heading: (LATER)
text: "The Lawrence Welk Show" is ON the TELEVISION. Dwight,
text: Caroline, Skipper, Norma and Pearl and Toby watch an
text: Irish tenor sing a lugubrious ballad. Dwight stands in a
text: corner of the room, his saxophone to his lips. He's
text: playing along with the MUSIC, but silently.
text: Occasionally he gets overcome and accidentally causes
text: the saxophone to squawk.
text: The Irish ballad ends, and Lawrence Welk's Champagne
text: Orchestra strikes up a lively polka. Dwight takes a sip
text: of his drink and grabs Caroline, pulls her to her feet,
text: and begins to dance with her.
text: A polka can be a decorous, contained dance. He dances
text: Caroline vigorously around the living room, out into the
text: kitchen, around the table, and then back again.
text: Dwight is really good, and Caroline matches him every
text: step of the way. Skipper turns the VOLUME UP and Dwight
text: kicks the dance into an even higher, wilder gear: The
text: kids clap on the beat, the two whirl and stamp and spin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: 83 CONTINUED: 83
text: Faster and faster -- Caroline's heel catches an end table
text: and sends it spinning and faster they go. Caroline's
text: head is thrown back; she's laughing with pleasure.
text: As the MUSIC reaches its CLIMAX, Dwight spins Caroline
text: back to the sofa, lets her go, and WHAM! she lands back
text: where she was seated exactly on the last note of the
text: song. Amid the general laughter and applause, Caroline
text: smiles at Toby.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (breathy)
dialog: Try to find the good stuff, honey.
scene_heading: 84 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON 84
text: Dwight and Toby face one another in the living room.
text: Both wear their Scout uniforms. Dwight holds a box of
text: chocolate-coated cherries in one hand.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm telling you I didn't.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: And I know damn well you did.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Well, you're wrong.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: About some things, yeah. Not
dialog: about this. You're a goddam hog,
dialog: and I proved it.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: How do you know Skipper didn't eat
dialog: it? Or Norma? Or Pearl?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I told all three of them to stay
dialog: away from this candy for twenty-
dialog: four hours.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Well, how do you know I even ate
dialog: any?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (a triumphant smile)
dialog: I counted them. You hogged down
dialog: eleven chocolate covered cherries
dialog: since yesterday afternoon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 84 CONTINUED: 84
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: So that makes you a hog. I just
dialog: wanted to establish that fact, and
dialog: now I have.
text: Caroline and Skipper enter, carrying throw pillows and
dialog: materials.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (to Caroline and
dialog: Skipper)
dialog: Hey. Mr. Hotshot Hog and I've
dialog: just been establishing some facts,
dialog: and what we come up with is this:
text: One, he's a pig who gobbles down
dialog: everybody's candy; two, he lies
text: about it; three, he lays around
dialog: on his lazy ass day and night
dialog: reading, reading; and four, he's
dialog: not getting any ten-dollar gym
dialog: shoes. That's about what we've
dialog: come up with so far.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Oh, Dad...
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
text: (a high, mincing
dialog: voice)
dialog: Oh, Dad!
text: Skipper leaves the room. Caroline sits down, begins to
dialog: try various materials as coverings for the pillows.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (to Caroline)
dialog: Why don't you ever take up for me?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (to Caroline)
dialog: Why don't you ever help me
dialog: straighten that boy out?
text: Caroline doesn't even look up. She threads a needle and
text: begins to sew. Whilst Dwight paces around the room.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: All he does is read or listen to
dialog: records or sing.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: 84 CONTINUED: (2) 84
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (CONT'D)
dialog: (he sings five seconds
text: of a grotesque
dialog: "Blue Monday")
dialog: I'm so sick of that shit! And
text: when he isn't singing, he's
dialog: watching T.V.
dialog: (to Toby)
dialog: And don't say you don't 'cause
dialog: when I come home I always put my
text: hand on top of it to see if it's
dialog: warm, and it always is. This is
dialog: the news, kid -- I'm wise to you.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, big, big deal, who cares, and
dialog: as long as we're passing out news
dialog: here, I don't want to do my paper
dialog: route anymore.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I bet you don't -- big lazy candy
dialog: hog like you'd rather lay on his
dialog: ass and read, wouldn't you?
dialog: Let me tell you something: you're
dialog: gonna deliver those papers if I
dialog: have to walk behind you with a
dialog: horsewhip ever' step of the way.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Then give me the money I earn!
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Hell, no. I'm putting that in the
dialog: bank for you for when you really
dialog: need it -- cuss me now, thank me
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Mom, won't you at least make him
dialog: let me have the shoes for gym?
dialog: How can I play basketball without
dialog: gym shoes? I'm the only one who --
text: Toby stops suddenly. He looks at Dwight for a beat or
text: two, and then speaks in a different tone:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: It's not the shoes, is it? Or the
dialog: candy. It's me, isn't it? You
dialog: just can't stand the fact of me.
text: Dwight glances at Caroline, who still looks at her
dialog: sewing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: 84 CONTINUED: (3) 84
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I, well, no, it's not that -- I
dialog: just want you to be well-behaved.
dialog: Your rich daddy 'Duke' doesn't
dialog: care anything about you, and so
dialog: somebody's got to train you, and
dialog: one of the things you've gotta be
dialog: trained about is not to be a hog
dialog: and eat everybody's candy like a --
text: Dwight stops short as Caroline says one word.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh.
text: Dwight and Toby glance at each other nervously. What
dialog: is this?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
text: (her eyes still on
dialog: her sewing; soft)
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: What's the matter, honey?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: TOBY DWIGHT
dialog: Are you sick, Mom? Don't you feel good?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
speaker_heading: OH-H-H-H!
text: A furious Caroline raises her head, doubles up both
text: fists, and yells.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I. Will. Not. Referee.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: Jack, I think you've made your
dialog: mother nervous, so why don't we
dialog: just go on to Scouts and let her
dialog: rest?
dialog: (to Caroline)
dialog: You lay down and rest awhile.
text: Dwight and Toby grab their caps and hotfoot it out the
dialog: door.
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: 85 INT. SCOUT MEETING - NIGHT 85
text: Father and son photographs are being taken. Dwight is
text: the only father who wears a complete uniform and cap.
text: When Dwight and Toby's turn comes, Dwight puts on a big
text: smile and throws an arm around Toby's shoulder.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Check for the tongue tonight --
dialog: you forgot it last week.
dialog: Otherwise you won't get your
text: life-saving badge.
scene_heading: 85A SAME SCENE - LATER 85A
text: Six boys are lying on the floor pretending unconscious-
text: ness. Six other boys, Toby among them, are going through
text: several life-saving steps such as turning the bodies
text: over, checking for pulses, etc.
text: The BOY on whom Toby is working is a heavy, pimple-faced
dialog: lout.
text: Toby checks if the Boy's breathing is obstructed.
text: Gingerly, he tugs on the Boy's chin, starting to open the
dialog: Boy's mouth.
text: Suddenly the Boy opens his mouth wide, exposing a half-
text: chewed mass of cheese n' crackers. Toby gives the lout
text: a knee in the ribs.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Bastard. Swallow that.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Give my pud a big squeeze while
dialog: you're at it, why don't you?
text: Toby and the life-savers on either side of him laugh a
dialog: bit.
scene_heading: 86 EXT. SCOUT HALL - NIGHT 86
text: As Toby kneels down to tie his shoelace, a small black
text: dog runs up to him. Toby pets it. Arthur Gayle, his
text: black eye healed, stands ten feet away.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You like my dog?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah, he's nice.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Smart, too -- he can talk.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Sure -- I just about believe you.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Hey, Pepper -- what's on a tree?
text: As PEPPER BARKS TWICE:
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Bark! Way to go, Pepper -- pretty
dialog: smart. Oh, I was wondering,
dialog: Pepper -- I wanted to ask you
dialog: something: how's the world
dialog: treating you?
text: As PEPPER BARKS ONCE:
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Rough! Yeah, I know what you
dialog: mean.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: That's dumb. A little funny,
dialog: though. How come your dad never
dialog: comes to meetings with you?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I don't have a dad. Never did. I
dialog: sprang full-blown from my mother's
dialog: forehead. You want to walk home
dialog: with me and Pepper?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Sure -- compared to a ride home
dialog: with Dwight, it'll be like heaven
dialog: on a June day.
scene_heading: 87 EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - NIGHT 87
text: Toby and Arthur are eating ice cream cones and smoking
text: cigarettes at the same time. They walk slowly,
text: desultorily. Though still effeminate, Arthur has dropped
text: much of the flounciness that he uses in public.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: ... Tobias? Your real name is
dialog: Tobias? Toby... Tobias... I like
dialog: it -- it's very elegant.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: 87 CONTINUED: 87
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: My real parents would probably have
dialog: given me an elegant name, too.
dialog: I say 'real parents' because I
dialog: suspect I'm a foundling. Somebody
dialog: royal -- or at least very, very
dialog: beautiful had me and gave me to
dialog: my poor but honest mother.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Tell me more about you.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Every day of my life feels like
text: a mile on the Bataan Death March.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I knew I'd like you.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Why'd you point at me that day?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Because you're an alien. You don't
dialog: belong in Concrete any more than I
dialog: do. This place would like to kill
dialog: us because we're different.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, come on, Arthur. That's a
dialog: little dramatic.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Think so? You know what chickens
dialog: do if one chicken's born with a
dialog: little difference? With a few
dialog: black feathers on its head, say?
text: They peck at the black spot 'til
dialog: the chicken's dead -- they can't
dialog: stand the fact that it's
dialog: different. Now we're both
dialog: different. Your difference is
dialog: something other than...
dialog: (husky-voiced
dialog: actress)
dialog: ... my difference...
dialog: (normal tone)
dialog: But we're both aliens here.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I don't exactly feel like an
dialog: alien. I've got friends here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: 87 CONTINUED: (2) 87
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Yes, and they're fools. And you
dialog: act like a fool when you're around
dialog: them. A prediction: if you stay
dialog: in Concrete, you'll wind up working
dialog: at the A&amp;P -- either that or you'll
text: go on a rampage with a hunting rifle.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah, and you'll wind up a recluse
dialog: that everybody says likes to dress
text: up in his mama's old clothes.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Maybe, maybe, but no matter how
dialog: many times I have to repeat: my
dialog: primary goal's to get out of
dialog: Concrete.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Burma-Shave!
text: Arthur and Toby laugh. As they walk on, though, Toby's
text: face is thoughtful.
scene_heading: 88 INT. SCHOOL GYMNASIUM - NIGHT 88
text: Toby and ten other boys are practicing lay-ups. All the
dialog: boys, Toby included, wear basketball uniforms. All the
text: other boys wear gym shoes. Toby is barefooted. He is
text: however, a smooth, skillful player.
scene_heading: 89 EXT. EDGE OF TOWN - AFTERNOON 89
text: Toby tosses his last newspaper into a yard, folds his
text: sack, and stands wearily for a few beats.
scene_heading: 90 INT. UTILITY PORCH - EARLY EVENING 90
text: A large, ugly DOG next to the box of baseball bats and
text: gloves GROWLS and snaps at Toby as he goes past.
scene_heading: 91 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S LIVING ROOM - EARLY EVENING 91
text: As Toby enters the room, Norma exits, wearing theatrical
text: makeup and a gypsy costume. Behind her, drink in hand,
text: sits Dwight, wearing a suit and tie, watching the
text: TELEVISION NEWS with the SOUND VERY LOW.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Whose dog is that on the porch?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 91 CONTINUED: 91
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Yours.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Mine?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: You said you wanted a dog.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: A collie, though. Not this one.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Well, he's yours. You paid for him.
dialog: Go get ready for Norma's play.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: What d'you mean I paid for him?
text: But Dwight doesn't answer. Toby waits, then shrugs and
text: leaves the room.
scene_heading: 92 INT. SKIPPER AND TOBY'S ROOM - AFTERNOON 92
text: Toby gets out his book of Indian signs. He reaches up
text: for his rifle, but it is gone.
scene_heading: 93 INT. LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON 93
text: Toby walks in, Dwight is petting the dog.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: My Winchester's gone.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (eyes never leaving
dialog: the TV)
dialog: This dog is pure-bred Weimaraner.
dialog: A champion.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I don't want it.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (as above)
dialog: Well, you're purely out of luck,
dialog: aren't you, 'cause that rifle's
text: on its way to Seattle.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I want my rifle!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: 93
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Well, want in one hand and shit in
dialog: the other -- see which gets full
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: But, Dwight, that Winchester was
dialog: mine.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: And Champ's your dog. Jesus, I
dialog: trade some old piece of crap for
text: a valuable hunting dog, and all
dialog: you can do is piss and moan.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm not pissing and moaning.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: The hell you aren't. You can just
dialog: make your own deals from now on.
scene_heading: 94 EXT. HOUSE - AFTERNOON 94
text: Toby sits on the front stoop. Caroline approaches
text: carrying groceries. She notices Toby's expression.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Dwight traded my rifle for a dog.
dialog: He says the dog's for me, but it's
dialog: some stupid dog he wanted.
text: For a moment Caroline doesn't respond. Then she nods her
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: All right. Okay, Dwight. You
dialog: stay here. Don't come inside.
text: Toby nods. Caroline heads inside, loaded for bear.
scene_heading: 95 INT. KITCHEN - AFTERNOON 95
text: Norma, dressed up for her play, and Pearl are setting the
text: table. Dwight is fixing himself another drink. Caroline
text: enters, puts down the groceries, and goes to the dish
text: cabinet. Calmly, in total control, she takes a PLATE and
text: SMASHES it against the countertop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED: 95
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (calm)
dialog: Get his rifle back.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: But that dog's a champion!
text: Caroline calmly SMASHES another PLATE on the countertop.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Get his rifle back.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Am I supposed to go clear to
dialog: Seattle just to get...
text: Before he finishes the sentence, Caroline SMASHES a GLASS
text: on the countertop.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Get his rifle back.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Jesus Christ, woman, I don't even
dialog: know the guy's last name.
text: Caroline picks up a bowl.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: All right, all right. The guy's
dialog: supposed to send the A.K.C. papers.
dialog: When he sends 'em, I'll know his
dialog: name and address, and I'll go get
dialog: the god-damn rifle back. Jesus.
text: Caroline exits leaving Dwight, Norma, and Pearl with
text: their mouths open.
scene_heading: 96 EXT. HOUSE - EVENING 96
text: Caroline walks to Toby, sits next to him on the stoop.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Well, I did it -- and the bride
dialog: didn't even raise her voice: he
dialog: says he'll get the rifle back as
dialog: soon as the guy who sold him the
text: dog sends the papers.
text: Toby nods. Caroline looks up at the evening sky and then
dialog: shrugs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: 96 CONTINUED: 96
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: 'Course, having seen that dog, I
dialog: wouldn't suggest you hang by your
dialog: thumbs 'til those papers come. I
dialog: mean, that dog is ugly.
text: Toby gives her a dirty look, but Caroline's smile makes
text: Toby grin.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: That's nice -- I haven't seen a
dialog: real smile out of you in a month.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, Mom, can't we leave here? I
dialog: hate it so much. You don't like
dialog: it either -- all you do is stick
dialog: your head in a sewing machine
dialog: night and day. Let's just leave
text: and start over someplace else.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: 'Start over.' Do you know how
dialog: many times I've started over,
dialog: sweetheart? I don't want to do
dialog: it anymore. This is as far as I
dialog: want to go. This place. I have
dialog: to make this work somehow. We do.
dialog: You're fourteen now -- you have
dialog: to help me.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: But if...
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: But me no buts, honey. I told
dialog: you: I've hit a wall. And
dialog: besides, it's not so bad here,
dialog: if you just try to --
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: If you say 'look for the good
dialog: stuff,' I'm gonna get Dwight's
dialog: 30/30 and shoot myself!
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Seriously, though: give the place
dialog: a chance. Give him a chance.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Great. Just great. What a life:
dialog: I gotta live with Dwight... I got
dialog: a sissy for a new best friend...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: 96 CONTINUED: (2) 96
speaker_heading: TOBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I got no rifle... I got no gym
dialog: shoes...
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Well, look on the bright side...
dialog: You got a dog.
text: In spite of his disappointment over the rifle, in spite
dialog: of all that Caroline had said about staying with Dwight,
text: Toby is happy to see Caroline completely back to her old
text: self again, joking with him. He grins and, with the palm
text: of his hand, he gives her shoulder a gentle shove. She
text: returns the gesture. And the two of them sit on the
text: steps, staring into the twilight.
scene_heading: 97 INT. ARTHUR GAYLE'S LIVING ROOM - DAY 97
text: Arthur is playing the piano. He and Toby sing an old song
dialog: called "I Wandered Today To the Hill, Maggie." Both of
text: them are enjoying it. As they finish the song, Arthur
dialog: says a dry "Will you be able to use your musical
text: abilities at the A&amp;P?" Toby laughs and gives him a hard
text: elbow in the ribs.
scene_heading: 98 INT. TOBY'S ROOM - NIGHT 98
text: Toby is using a nail clipper over a wastebasket when he
dialog: hears:
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (O.S.)
dialog: Heh Hotshot!
text: He looks up just in time to see a flashlight fly through
text: the air toward him. He catches it. Dwight stands in
text: the doorway.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: If you can tear yourself away from
dialog: your pedicure, I want you to fetch
dialog: me some of that paint from the
dialog: attic.
text: Dwight switches the room light off.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Is now too soon.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: God!
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: 99 INT. DWIGHT'S ATTIC 99
text: Dwight and Toby are looking for something. They both
text: shine flashlights around the dark attic, illuminating
dialog: old magazines, dolls, etc. Dwight says, "I know I put
text: 'em up here somewhere." Then Toby's flashlight lands
text: on the unusual tub with the four blue stars which had
text: held the beaver. Forgotten all this time, the beaver
text: has transmogrified into a weird, two-foot high pile of
text: what looks like cotton candy. And, hideously enough,
text: the cloud-like stuff is still in the shape of the beaver.
dialog: Then Dwight says, "Shit -- the roof must've leaked on
text: 'em." Toby turns to where Dwight shines his flashlight
text: on the ten boxes of chestnuts.
text: Also forgotten, the chestnuts are covered with mold,
text: too -- but a different kind: this is wet, slick-looking
text: stuff that rises off the chestnuts like dough in a
text: breadpan. A spasm of rage crosses Toby's face, and he
text: turns and bangs out of the attic.
scene_heading: 100 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT (LATER) 100
text: A drink in one hand, idly fondling Champ's ears with the
text: other, Dwight is watching the NEWS.
text: On the TELEVISION we see a distraught Lana Turner and
text: her daughter, Cheryl Crane, as the teenaged girl is
text: led into a tall building. While we see this, and then
text: a photograph of a stockily handsome Italian man, we hear:
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (V.O.)
dialog: ... Cheryl Crane, daughter of Lana
dialog: Turner, was held for questioning
dialog: today in the stabbing death of
dialog: Johnny Stompanato, Miss Turner's
text: companion. A spokesman for Miss
dialog: Turner said today that the
dialog: stabbing was an accident, and that
dialog: Miss Turner's daughter will not
dialog: spend even one night in jail for
dialog: what the spokesman called a
dialog: 'tragic accident.'
text: Suddenly aware of another presence in the room, Dwight
text: turns and sees Toby, who is standing in the doorway,
text: also listening to the NEWSCAST. Toby is not watching
text: the television, though, he is staring fixedly at
dialog: Dwight.
text: Dwight reacts then glances back at the set, where the
text: Stompanato murder story continues. He turns slowly back
text: to Toby, whose eyes are still locked onto his face. The
text: SOUND on the TV FADES.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: 101 INT. GYMNASIUM - NIGHT 101
text: A WHISTLE FADES UP.
text: Toby's basketball game against the Van Horn team is
text: starting. Alone among all the other players, Toby wears
text: his street shoes. Heavy squarish brogans, they CLOMP,
text: and THUD as Toby runs up and down the court.
text: The leather soles slip like skates on the highly-polished
text: floor, and Toby falls repeatedly. At first the crowd is
text: silent, collectively embarrassed at the boy wearing these
text: strange shoes. Then Toby takes a particularly hard fall,
text: and somebody laughs. The crowd in general takes it up,
text: and soon there is GENERAL LAUGHTER whenever Toby's shoes
text: SQUEAL particularly loudly, or whenever the shoes trip
text: him up or cause another boy to stumble.
text: Soon one WOMAN'S HIGH-PITCHED LAUGH DOMINATES the
text: gymnasium. The laugh is hideous, shrill and mindless,
text: like some ringer planted in the audience of a situation
dialog: comedy.
text: Toby sees Norma necking with some guy and is horrified.
text: Toby slips and slides, falls and rises. All the while
text: his expression is hard as stone: he will get through
text: this or die. And, like a mantra, he mutters one phrase
dialog: over and over: "gotta get out, gotta get out, gotta get
text: out, gotta get out." Finally he makes a basket. One
text: VOICE from the audience YELLS out "Okay, kid -- way
text: to go!" and then two or three people APPLAUD. Instants
text: later, Toby catches a rebound and makes another basket.
text: The fickle crowd decides to love an underdog and APPLAUDS
dialog: heartily for the boy in the funny shoes. But Toby's
dialog: expression never changes.
scene_heading: 102 INT. DWIGHT'S GARAGE - SAME NIGHT (VERY LATE) 102
text: The Buick, rolls silently down the driveway pushed by a
text: straining but cautious Toby. Champ runs into the street,
text: Toby tries to shoo him away. The DOG BARKS ONCE, and
text: Toby quickly opens the car door and lets him in, STARTING
text: the ENGINE.
scene_heading: 103 INT. BUICK - LATE NIGHT 103
text: Toby drives fast leaving Concrete behind. He turns the
text: RADIO ON, and a VOICE bawls out "Oh, Maybelline," Toby
text: turns the VOLUME UP, turns it UP AGAIN, so that the MUSIC
text: is DISTORTED. Toby begins to accelerate. The needle
text: creeps past ninety, and hovers close to one hundred.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED: 103
text: Trees flash past in the headlights, occasional cars are
text: overtaken and passed in an instant. Toby starts laughing
text: hysterically and sings loudly along with the THROBBING
speaker_heading: MUSIC.
text: The Buick begins to shudder and wobble -- Toby hits the
text: brakes but the Buick spins and goes sideways into the
text: ditch. SILENCE.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. BUICK - LATE NIGHT 104
text: The car is caught so that two of the wheels are off the
text: ground, and can get no purchase. Toby starts walking
text: back toward Concrete.
scene_heading: 105 EXT. ROAD - LATE NIGHT 105
text: Toby and Champ have been walking a long time. A truck
text: comes from behind Toby, pulls over.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: That your car in the ditch back
dialog: there?
dialog: (as Toby nods)
dialog: How'd you do that, anyway?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: It's hard to explain.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Get in.
scene_heading: 106 EXT. BUICK - VERY LATE NIGHT 106
text: The man is winching the Buick out of the ditch.
scene_heading: 107 EXT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S HOUSE - DAWN 107
text: Toby silently closes the garage door, the Buick
text: inside and heads for the house.
scene_heading: 107A SKIPPER AND TOBY'S ROOM - NOON 107A
text: The clock shows noon. Toby is in bed reading Boy's Life,
text: holding a sandwich and trying to stay awake. Suddenly
text: Dwight appears. Dwight puts his hands into his pockets,
text: leans against the doorway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: 107A CONTINUED: 107A
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Your mother said you were sick.
dialog: Feeling better?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah, I am.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Good, good. Get some sleep, did
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah, I slept about four hours.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Must've needed it.
dialog: A pause:
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Oh, by the way, you didn't happen
text: to hear a funny pinging noise in
dialog: the engine, did you?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: What engine?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I was downtown with Champ a few
dialog: minutes ago, and I met a guy who
dialog: recognized him. Said he'd seen
dialog: my dog this very morning. Told me
dialog: an interesting story of how he and
dialog: the dog happened to meet. What
dialog: d'you think about that?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I don't know what you --
text: Suddenly Dwight is across the floor and onto the bed.
text: He straddles Toby and slaps him across the face with the
text: left hand then the right, again and again.
text: Toby holds a forearm protectively across his face.
text: Dwight holds both Toby's hands with one of his and, slaps
text: the boy's face again and again.
text: Finally Toby manages to get his right hand loose. He
text: slams his forearm across Dwight's throat.
text: Dwight rears back, choking and gagging. Toby throws off
text: the covers and tries to run. Still choking, Dwight
text: grabs the back of Toby's hair and forces the boy's face
text: down against the mattress.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: 107A CONTINUED: (2) 107A
text: Then he doubles up his fist and slams it into the back
text: of Toby's neck. Toby goes rigid with pain. Dwight
text: stumbles up gasping for breath.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Only me. On this whole earth, to
dialog: straighten you out. And I will do
dialog: it kill or cure. Now get your ass
dialog: up -- you're going to school.
scene_heading: 108 EXT. HIGH SCHOOL - NOON 108
text: A BELL RINGS as Dwight's BUICK SCREECHES to a stop and
text: Toby gets out. As he heads toward the doors. Toby then
text: turns to stare at Dwight's car. They lock eyes, then
text: Dwight smirks and pulls away. Toby watches the car
text: disappear, then spins around and walks into the school.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE UP TO:
scene_heading: 108A SAME SCENE - AFTERNOON 108A
text: The CAMERA is in the EXACT SAME SPOT.
text: The school seems a bit seedier, and two newly-planted
text: saplings established in the previous scene are both eight
text: feet taller, with wide spreading branches.
text: Students pour out the door. Among them Toby, taller and
text: a bit heavier, he now wears black leather boots, and a
text: pack of cigarettes rolled into the sleeve of his T-shirt.
text: His hair is still pure Elvis.
text: Toby comes back out the door with four very different
text: friends. CHUCK BOLGER, the most reasonable-looking of
text: Toby's companions, is the son of a minister. A second
text: boy, known as PSYCHO, is a hulking boy with a tendency
text: toward sadism. JERRY HUFF is handsome in a pouty, heavy-
text: lidded way. His Elvis pompadour is even higher than
text: Toby's. ARCH COOK is an amiable simpleton who sometimes
text: talks to himself or laughs for no reason.
text: Toby and his four friends pile into Chuck Bolger's '53
text: CHEVY, and they PEEL OUT.
scene_heading: 109 INT. CHUCK BOLGER'S CAR - NOON 109
text: As the car barrels through downtown Concrete, we see a
dialog: movie marquee reading...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: 109 CONTINUED: 109
text: ... The Apartment, and a five foot poster that says,
scene_heading: "ELECT JOHN KENNEDY, 1960."
text: In the back seat, Psycho pours vodka into a half empty
text: can of Hawaiian punch, then takes a huge swig.
speaker_heading: PSYCHO
dialog: (screams it)
dialog: Ag-Hhh! Gorilla blood.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Oh, Psycho, shut up.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Oh, look -- there goes Carol
dialog: Baumgarten. Ain't she sweet?
dialog: She's hot for Wolff.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I wish.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Won't do her any good, though --
text: Jack's saving himself for Rhea
dialog: Clark.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Knock it off.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You know what he said about Rhea?
dialog: Said even the inside of her arm
dialog: turned him on. You slay me,
dialog: Wolff. She is pretty though.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: (after a pause;
dialog: wistful)
dialog: I'd sure like to eat Rhea Clark's
text: pussy.
text: There is general laughter, mixed with groans.
scene_heading: JERRY PSYCHO CHUCK
dialog: God, here we Eatin' pussy Jesus, give it
dialog: go again. is all that a rest, Arch.
dialog: man knows.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: No, I mean it. I'd like to get
dialog: down and really grovel on it.
dialog: Spend about a week with my face
dialog: right in it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 109 CONTINUED: (2) 109
text: There is a pause while all the boys dwell on this thought.
dialog: It sounds good to them.
speaker_heading: PSYCHO
dialog: Aghhh, pussy!
scene_heading: 110 EXT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 110
text: Chuck Bolger's CAR SCREECHES to a halt, and Toby exits,
text: followed by an empty Hawaiian Punch can which someone
text: tosses after him. Toby gives a wave, starts toward the
text: house, and the CAR LAYS RUBBER, while OVER that we hear
text: Psycho SCREAMING, "AGH-H-H!"
scene_heading: 111 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S KITCHEN - LATE AFTERNOON 111
text: Pearl is setting the table and singing the Everly
dialog: Brothers hit, "Bye, Bye, Love." The passage of two years
text: has improved Pearl. Her bald spot has grown back in, and
text: she has learned to fix her hair and use makeup. She smiles
text: and nods to Toby, never stopping her singing for a moment.
text: Toby stands next to her and sings harmony for a few notes.
text: It is clear that their relationship has improved. Toby
text: stops singing.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Where's Mom?
text: Still singing, Pearl points to the living room.
scene_heading: 112 INT. LIVING ROOM - EARLY EVENING 112
text: Caroline is watching a newscast of John Kennedy and Harry
text: Truman at a press conference outside Truman's Missouri
text: office. She hears Toby, turns to him.
dialog: We see that the last two years have marked her. She's
text: changed. Her expression is fixed, almost as if she were
text: wearing a mask. Even the words are cheerful, but some of
text: the old optimism is gone.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh, honey, good news -- Truman's
dialog: going to campaign for him.
dialog: (lowers her voice)
dialog: I gave twenty-five dollars to his
dialog: campaign office today. I've been
dialog: thinking I'd like to work...
text: She is interrupted by Dwight's voice O.S.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 112 CONTINUED: 112
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (O.S.)
dialog: Here I am, you lucky people!
text: Toby and Caroline exchange a glance. It speaks volumes.
scene_heading: 113 INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 113
text: Dwight, Caroline, Toby and Pearl sit at the table, eat-
text: ing. Champ sits by Dwight's chair -- obviously his dog.
text: Dwight seems unchanged by the two years.
text: Just now, Dwight is in the middle of telling another of
text: his "Dwight Is The Best" stories. From the bored faces
text: around the table, this is another in a long series.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: ... So the S.O.B. had been on my
dialog: back for a week at work, okay?
dialog: Sayin' I stole his wrench, an'
text: poured oil all over his tools, as
dialog: if! Anyway, he went just one step
dialog: too far with old Dwight, okay?
text: Spat on the floor as I walked by.
dialog: I turned around and walked back
dialog: to him, acting so dainty and
dialog: humble and scared, you know, all
dialog: innocent -- and the minute he took
dialog: his eyes off me, BLAM, I dry
dialog: gulched him! I shut his water off
dialog: good! Never gave me another
dialog: second's grief to this very day.
text: There is a pause. One more story. Nobody has much of a
dialog: reaction.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I heard Kennedy on the news again
dialog: tonight -- I don't know: I hate
dialog: the Democrats and the Republicans,
dialog: but then once in a while somebody
dialog: comes along who doesn't seem
dialog: like...
dialog: (she searches)
dialog: ... a liar.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Kennedy -- the senator from Rome.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: He gives me hope.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I know what he gives you, and it
dialog: sure as hell isn't hope.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: 113
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: It's true he is attractive! And
dialog: it may just be those white teeth
dialog: that I respond to. But I don't
dialog: think so.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I'm going to work for his campaign.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: No. Too many Republicans in this
dialog: town. They hear my wife's working
dialog: for the Democrats, they'll take
dialog: their cars someplace else to be
dialog: fixed. Bad idea. No.
text: There is a brief silence. Suddenly Caroline leans across
text: the table and speaks to Dwight in a loud, exaggerated
dialog: disappointed whine:
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh, Rickyyy!
dialog: (louder; same whine)
dialog: Oh, Ricky-y-y! Please let me
dialog: come down and work at the club!
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Well, you treat me like Lucy,
dialog: I'll act like her. I'll be
dialog: working for Kennedy's campaign.
scene_heading: 114 INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME NIGHT (LATER) 114
text: The four of them are watching "The Untouchables." We
text: watch as a frightened man speaks to Al Capone, who sits
text: behind a large desk.
speaker_heading: FRIGHTENED MAN (V.O.)
dialog: (on T.V.)
dialog: ... please, Mr. Capone, it'll never
dialog: happen again, I swear it. It was
dialog: an accident. I can promise you
dialog: faithfully it won't be repeated.
text: Finally Al Capone speaks. He leans across his desk, bugs
text: out his eyes, and hisses:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: 114
speaker_heading: AL CAPONE (V.O.)
dialog: (on T.V.)
dialog: Why don't you take a little ride
dialog: with Frank?
text: The man's eyes bulge with fear, and he cries, "No! No!"
text: as two men escort him out the door.
text: In the next shot we see a long black car parked on a
text: country road, and we hear a SHOT.
scene_heading: 115 INT. BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT (LATER) 115
text: Toby is brushing his teeth when Dwight enters.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'll be through in a minute.
text: Dwight looks around.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: You left the lid off the damn
text: toothpaste again.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (not looking at him)
dialog: Oh, Dwight, is that the best you
dialog: can come up with?
text: Angered, but keeping his voice low. He pushes Toby's
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: This is my bathroom, and I say
dialog: about the toothpaste, got it?
dialog: (pushes again)
dialog: Huh? Have you? Huh? Now if you
dialog: lived with your daddy Duke and
dialog: his rich wife, maybe things'd be
dialog: different, but he's not here now,
dialog: is he?
dialog: (high, flutey voice)
dialog: Oh, Duke? Duke, are you here?
dialog: Dukie? Oh, how sad -- Duke's not
dialog: here. Oh, boo hoo!
dialog: (normal voice)
dialog: My bathroom. I get to say. Got
dialog: that?
text: Still Toby doesn't respond -- Dwight reaches out and
text: pinches the skin on Toby's waist, hard. Toby still
text: doesn't respond, when Dwight begins to twist it. Toby
text: spins around, eyes blazing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: 115
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Come on. Oh, come on. Give me
dialog: an excuse.
text: Toby hesitates, then leaves the bathroom, humiliated.
scene_heading: 116 INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 116
text: Toby exits the bathroom, then sees Caroline in a doorway.
text: She's heard it all. They look intently at each other.
text: Toby nods and walks on down the hall.
scene_heading: 117 INT. TOBY'S ROOM - INSTANTS LATER 117
text: Furious, Toby throws himself onto the bed, and snaps on
text: a reading light.
text: (Behind him, the wall is now completely papered with
text: the front pages of the Scout magazine, so that we see
text: the words BOY'S LIFE BOY'S LIFE BOY'S LIFE BOY'S LIFE
text: repeated one hundred and twenty times.) Then Toby takes
text: a slick brochure from under his pillow -- it's a bro-
text: chure of Princeton. Photographs of beautifully tended
text: lawns, and students on their way to class. Toby stares
text: at the photographs, smoothing the pages carefully, long-
text: ing in his face.
scene_heading: 118 INT. SCHOOL BUS - NEXT MORNING 118
text: Toby bangs onto the bus, throws himself into a seat
text: beside Arthur. He hands a grade card to Toby.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You didn't pick this up yesterday
dialog: -- congratulations, you got
dialog: nothing higher than a C.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Shut up.
text: He signs the grade card, saying, "Presto."
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You're gonna get caught some day.
dialog: (as Toby laughs a
dialog: moronic laugh)
dialog: You act more like those morons you
dialog: hang around with every day. Aghhh!
dialog: I'm psycho! I'm retarded!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: 118
text: It's a good imitation of Psycho, and Toby laughs.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: He hears you do that, you're
dialog: dead. Hey, lemme copy your math
dialog: homework.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: No, but I'll show you how to work
dialog: the problems.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I tell you I'm thirsty, you offer
dialog: me a sandwich thank you and fuck
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Oh, Jack.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, Jaaack!
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I take it back you don't act like
dialog: Psycho, you act like Dwight.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (new tone)
dialog: I know it. He's winning. I do
dialog: act like him. I feel like him
dialog: sometimes. I've gotta get out of
dialog: this place or I'm a dead one.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I know, but you've said that for
dialog: two years.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I mean it. I may go live with my
dialog: brother Gregory in Princeton.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You mean the brother Gregory in
dialog: Princeton who never calls you?
dialog: That brother Gregory?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: He wrote me.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: And he asked you to live with him?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: (2) 118
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No. But I'm going. Or maybe I
dialog: could go to a prep school like
dialog: Gregory did. Like my dad did.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What about your grades? And what
dialog: would you use for money?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I don't know. Dwight owes me
dialog: over twelve hundred bucks! If I
dialog: hadn't let him keep my paper
dialog: route money, I'd be okay.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: If the dog hadn't stopped to pee,
dialog: he'd have caught the rabbit.
text: Suddenly Toby is angry. He stands up, moves to another
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I think Dwight was right about
dialog: you I think you fight for the pink
dialog: team.
text: Toby falls into another seat, then, pulls his head back
text: and bangs it against the window. Then does it again,
dialog: harder.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. RESIDENTIAL NEIGHBORHOOD - AFTERNOON 119
text: His mood even fouler, Toby toils at his paper route. He
text: throws the papers against the houses with all his might.
text: Suddenly Chuck Bolger's CAR SCREECHES to a stop next to
text: Toby. We hear Psycho's "Arghhh!" and Toby climbs into
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: 120 EXT. DERELICT CRUSHER PLANT - NIGHT 120
text: We see the Concrete silo dimly-lit in the distance. We
text: can read "Welcome To Concrete" on it. Toby is leaning
text: against a wall in a large derelict Concrete plant staring
text: at the silo. Behind him is a small campfire where the
text: other guys are slumped around talking. Toby takes a
text: long, angry pull on a bottle of whiskey, then turns
text: around and heads toward them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: 120 CONTINUED: 120
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: Nobody in your family ever even
dialog: been in a Corvette, let alone
dialog: owned one.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You wait and see if I don't get
dialog: one. I'm gonna move down to
dialog: Seattle, get a job at Bendix and
dialog: drive a 'Vette to work every day.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: My uncle can have any car he
dialog: wants. He makes big bucks as an
dialog: electrician.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: Yeah? How big?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Hundred seventy-five a week, take
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: PSYCHO
dialog: Bullshitter!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Fuck you, it's true.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Even the supervisors at Bendix
dialog: don't make that.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: So how are you ever gonna make
dialog: enough to drive a 'Vette then,
dialog: fuck-face?
text: The others all laugh at Chuck. Toby has reached the
text: group and stands on the lip of the large wooden platform
text: that they are on and listens while leaning on a large
dialog: hook.
speaker_heading: PSYCHO
dialog: I'm gonna drive a T-bird, someday.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: An' I'm gonna own a Corvette if I
dialog: have to hold up the Bendix payroll
dialog: to get it.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: 120 CONTINUED: (2) 120
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: Me. I want to eat a big
text: red-haired pussy.
text: The others all laugh at him. Toby regards them with a
text: sneer.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Losers. What a bunch of losers.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Who you calling a loser,
dialog: fuck-face?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: All of you.
dialog: (to Chuck)
dialog: You're gonna drive a Fairlane
dialog: just like your daddy does.
dialog: (to Psycho)
dialog: How you ever going to drive a
dialog: Thunderbird when you're a janitor
dialog: like the rest of your family?
dialog: (to Jerry)
dialog: An' you can forget being an
dialog: electrician, you can't even pass
dialog: tenth grade math.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Well fuck you. Who died an' made
dialog: you King Shit?
speaker_heading: PSYCHO
dialog: Yeah, you're no better than us.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I know that, Psycho. That's my
dialog: point: Ha, ha, ha. You guys are
dialog: my buddies. You guys are my pals.
dialog: And my dear old dad's called
dialog: Dwight.
dialog: (he spreads his
dialog: arms wide)
dialog: Welcome to Concreeee...
text: Toby topples over and falls down a bank of rubble. The
text: other burst out laughing and hooting. The CAMERA MOVES
text: off them and CRANES DOWN to a spread-eagled Toby's face.
text: The LAUGHTER ECHOES around the building. Toby begins to
text: laugh, but it soon turns to bitter tears.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 121 OMITTED 121
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: 122 INT. KENNEDY CAMPAIGN OFFICE - DAY 122
text: Toby enters the small office where Caroline is running
text: hundreds of flyers on a duplicating machine. Surprised
text: she sees Toby's expression.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I called Gregory at Princeton.
dialog: (as Caroline reacts)
dialog: He's sending me applications for
dialog: prep schools. I need you to
dialog: take me to Seattle to take some
dialog: entrance exams.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Would a prep school take you
dialog: with, uh, your school record?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I've got to get out of here, Mom.
dialog: I've got to. I've got to get
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: When are the tests?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Saturday.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You'll be there.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: He won't let you have the Buick.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You'll be there!
scene_heading: 123 EXT. LAKESIDE SCHOOL IN SEATTLE - DAY 123
text: Graceful buildings, green lawns, a CARILLON CHIMING.
text: Toby walks toward a large building.
scene_heading: 124 INT./EXT. TESTING ROOM - DAY 124
text: Twenty-three boys and Toby stand waiting restlessly for
text: the tests to begin. Toby looks very different from the
text: other intelligent looking, well-bred boys in his Elvis
dialog: hairdo.
dialog: 103A.
scene_heading: 124A SAME SCENE - LATER 124A
text: All the boys are taking the test, working hard.
scene_heading: 125 INT. DWIGHT'S BUICK - LATE AFTERNOON 125
text: Caroline turns as Toby gets into the car.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: How was it?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Hard. I think I did okay. I'll
dialog: know Monday.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: 126 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S KITCHEN - EVENING 126
text: Dwight sits at the table, a drink in his hand. Caroline
text: hurriedly prepares dinner. She tosses a milk carton into
text: a brimming waste basket, then speaks to Toby, who enters
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Take that trash out for me,
dialog: honey.
text: Toby grabs the trash and exits.
scene_heading: 127 EXT. REAR OF DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S HOUSE - EVENING 127
text: Toby opens a metal trash can, dumps the trash, puts the
text: lid back on, and then hesitates. He lifts the lid again
text: and peers into the trash can, almost hidden, are the tips
text: of four white envelopes made of heavy, expensive paper.
text: He pulls them up and, though covered with tomato seeds,
text: are undamaged.
scene_heading: 128 INT. KITCHEN - EVENING 128
text: Toby walks in, fans out the four envelopes, speaks to
dialog: Caroline.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: My application forms must've come
dialog: today, and he threw them away.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Hey, I thought I was helping
dialog: him -- thought I'd save him some
dialog: trouble 'cause he's got no chance
dialog: of getting into some fancy prep
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You've always got your nose
text: pressed up against the bake shop
dialog: window, don't you, Dwight?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You feel like everybody else is
dialog: inside, and you're stuck on the
dialog: outside. It turns you mean. It
dialog: turns you ugly. And one day do
dialog: you hear me, Dwight? One day all
dialog: that ugliness is going to snap
dialog: back and hit you in the face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 128 CONTINUED: 128
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Ooooooh, oh, I'm so scared. Oooh.
scene_heading: 129 INT. TOBY'S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT 129
text: Toby has the applications open in front of him. We
dialog: see the words "Official Transcript Required" on one
dialog: application. On another we see spaces for the ap-
dialog: plicant to list "Community Services" and "Athletic
dialog: Achievements" and "Foreign Travel" and "Languages." Toby
text: looks despairingly at the forms.
scene_heading: 130 INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - MORNING 130
text: Between classes, Toby and Arthur are at a row of lockers.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I won't do it.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: But why? You work right in the
dialog: office -- nobody'll ever know.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I'm surprised you'd want help from
dialog: anybody who fights for the pink
dialog: team.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm asking you to help me, man.
dialog: I got word yesterday that I did
dialog: really well on those tests -- but
dialog: that's not enough. I've got to
dialog: cheat and lie -- but I don't care:
dialog: this is my one chance to get out
dialog: of here!
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: No. Why should you get to be the
dialog: one? Why not me?
scene_heading: 131 INT. SCHOOL WORKSHOP - DAY 131
text: Toby is working with a table saw. Suddenly a two-inch-
text: thick manilla envelope plops down beside him. He looks
text: up to see Arthur standing beside him. Glancing around to
text: see that he's unobserved, he checks the contents of the
text: envelope: we see school stationery, blank transcript
text: forms, and a stack of official envelopes. Toby closes
text: his eyes. He's saved.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 131 CONTINUED: 131
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: You could leave too, you know.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: No, I've grown progressively fond
dialog: of Concrete. I think I'll stay
dialog: here all alone and dress up in my
dialog: mama's old clothes sometimes --
dialog: like you said.
text: Arthur turns and swishes away. Toby pats the manilla
text: envelope, turns back to the saw. Suddenly he jerks,
text: looks down, and sees that the ring finger of his left
text: hand is spurting blood. Toby says a mild, astonished
text: "Hey," and sinks to his knees.
scene_heading: 132 INT. TYPING LAB - SAME DAY (AFTERNOON) 132
text: With his hand bandaged Toby sits at a typewriter with
text: a blank transcript. He carefully types "TOBIAS WOLFF."
text: Then, he begins to type the letter "A" in every slot for
dialog: grades.
scene_heading: 133 EXT. STREET - EVENING 133
text: Toby mails five letters.
scene_heading: 134 INT. TOBY'S BEDROOM - DAY 134
text: Toby lies in bed reading the paper. He still holds his
text: hand in the air (the white bandage is now dingy).
text: Caroline appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Come help me stuff envelopes.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'll do some this afternoon.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: No, I need to take them with me.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'll be in in a minute. Let me
dialog: finish this article.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: 134 CONTINUED: 134
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Boy, you irritate me.
dialog: (new tone)
dialog: I think maybe you ought to...
dialog: Yeah -- I think maybe you should
dialog: just...
dialog: (hisses)
text: ... TAKE A LITTLE RIDE WITH
speaker_heading: DWIGHT.
text: Toby laughs, and gets up to help her.
scene_heading: 135 EXT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S HOUSE - EARLY EVENING 135
text: Toby starts up the sideway, Pearl exits the house with
text: several letters in her hand.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: 'You got letters from those
dialog: schools!'
text: Toby grabs them as if they were the very stuff of life.
text: Pearl stands expectantly. Toby notices her, then walks
text: off holding the letters to his chest.
scene_heading: 136 EXT. FIELD - EARLY EVENING 136
text: Three letters lie crumpled on the ground. Toby sits with
text: his back against a tree trunk. Slowly Toby opens the
text: fourth letter. Another refusal. Toby tosses it onto
text: the ground with the others, leans his head back against
text: the tree trunk, and closes his eyes.
scene_heading: 137 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 137
text: Dwight, Caroline and Toby read the papers. Caroline
text: notices Toby's sad face.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Maybe that last school will
dialog: come through.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Yeah, or maybe he'll get a
dialog: contract in the mail asking him
dialog: to be a singing star on T.V.
dialog: (on Caroline's look)
dialog: Well, he's got about as much
dialog: chance of one as of the other.
text: Toby gets up and leaves.
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. CONCRETE - SAME NIGHT 138
text: A beauty shop with a tired sign... "ARLENE'S GOLDEN COMB
text: BEAUTY SALON," a beer joint, a pool hall, a woman's
text: clothing store with headless mannequins.
text: Toby surveys the scene, with an expression of despair.
text: Toby catches his reflection in a store window. He
text: stares at himself.
speaker_heading: TOBY
text: A Concrete boy.
scene_heading: 139 INT. A&amp;P GROCERY STORE - EVENING 139
text: Toby, wearing khakis, a shirt and a tie stands before
dialog: the store manager.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: We only take boys who really want
dialog: to work hard. Is that you?
dialog: (as Toby nods)
dialog: I'd want you to start evenings
dialog: now, and I'd want you all summer
dialog: -- no vacations.
dialog: (as Toby nods)
dialog: Food service work isn't easy.
dialog: It's not something that comes to
dialog: you in a year or two. So. You
dialog: think you have what it takes to
dialog: be an A&amp;P management trainee?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (straight)
dialog: That's exactly what I've got.
scene_heading: 139A SAME SCENE - LATER 139A
text: Toby now wears a regulation black bow tie and an apron.
text: An employee is showing him how to price, stamp, and stack
text: canned goods. Toby's face is expressionless.
scene_heading: 140 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S LIVING ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 140
text: Dwight is listening to a PERRY COMO ALBUM. Caroline and
text: Pearl work on a jigsaw puzzle. Toby enters the kitchen,
text: coming from his paper route. He puts down his paper sack
text: and immediately puts on his black bow tie, preparing to
dialog: go to the A&amp;P.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: 140 CONTINUED: 140
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: I can't find where this green piece
dialog: goes -- it's gotta be grass.
text: Dwight sighs with irritation at the interruption of his
text: listening pleasure, and turns UP the VOLUME on the record.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (to Toby)
dialog: Don't go off without eating.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'll get a sandwich after work.
text: Exasperated that conversation is continuing when he's
text: trying to listen, Dwight reaches over, presses his hand
text: down on the arm of the record player, then SCRAPES it
text: back and forth on the record. It's a violent action, and
text: it makes a GROTESQUE SOUND. The NEEDLE BOUNCES around
text: on the scarred record. As the three of them stare at
text: him, Dwight speaks calmly:
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I was trying to listen to a
dialog: record.
text: Dwight rises, walks outside into the back yard. Then
text: the TELEPHONE RINGS. Pearl answers it, listens, then
dialog: says,
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: "Yeah, he's here,"
text: She holds the receiver out to Toby, whispering, "Are
dialog: you Tobias?"
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Hello? All right. Tomorrow, then.
dialog: Goodbye.
text: Toby hangs up, turns to Caroline, quietly:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: It's Hill School -- the last one
dialog: I applied to. They haven't
dialog: accepted me, but they're sending
dialog: somebody up to interview me.
text: Caroline upsets the puzzle getting up to hug Toby.
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: 141 INT. DRUGSTORE - AFTERNOON 141
text: Toby is sitting in a booth with MR. HOWARD, a man in his
dialog: late thirties.
text: Toby has made a real attempt to look good. His hair is
text: modified, and he wears a tie and a suit.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: ... Yeah, I enjoy my classes,
dialog: especially the ones that are
dialog: advanced, but I've been feeling
dialog: a little restless lately. It's
dialog: hard to explain.
speaker_heading: MR. HOWARD
dialog: Well, you're probably bored. Not
dialog: being challenged. Your application
dialog: was very good, Toby, but we have
dialog: many boys who want to go to Hill.
dialog: Not everybody is comfortable at a
dialog: prep school.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I think I would be. My father
dialog: and brother went to prep schools.
speaker_heading: MR. HOWARD
dialog: Is that right? Where?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Deerfield and Choate.
text: Mr. Howard is impressed.
speaker_heading: MR. HOWARD
dialog: I see. Well, maybe you'd like it.
dialog: Hill was difficult for me, though
dialog: -- classes were hard, and the boys
dialog: seemed cold -- interested in money
dialog: and social position.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: And I hated those snowy
dialog: Pennsylvania winters! But then
dialog: in my last year, something changed.
dialog: The guys in my class grew close,
dialog: so close that I still think of
dialog: them as a second family.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (honest)
dialog: I want that. I do, and --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: 141 CONTINUED: 141
text: He stops talking as we hear, O.S., "AG-H-H-H!" Psycho and
text: Arch have entered the drugstore. Toby's back is to the
text: door, and he slouches deeper into the booth, praying that
dialog: he won't be seen.
text: Arch and Psycho buy cigarettes.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: ... so she said, 'No, I don't want
dialog: you to do that,' and I said 'Oh,
dialog: baby, let me get down and grovel
dialog: on it.' I mean, I ate her pussy
dialog: 'til my tongue was calloused, and
dialog: then...
text: Arch moves toward the back of the store toward the area
text: where Toby sits. Toby inches down a bit farther into the
text: booth. Arch stops at a sunglass rack five feet from Toby
text: and tries on a couple of pairs.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: ... so anyway, she went off like a
dialog: Roman candle -- I mean that woman
dialog: can scream. I said, 'You liked
dialog: that, didn't you, baby?' I said,
dialog: 'You liked the old Arch Cook
dialog: special, didn't you?'
text: Arch decides to let the sunglasses go. He and Psycho
text: move toward the front of the store, he talks about pussy.
text: Toby exhales.
speaker_heading: MR. HOWARD
dialog: Toby, boys at Hill talk roughly
dialog: sometimes too -- you'd have to
dialog: be ready for that. I can see
dialog: you've had sort of a sheltered
dialog: life.
text: Toby nods his head.
scene_heading: 142 EXT. DRUGSTORE - AFTERNOON 142
text: Mr. Howard shakes Toby's hand.
speaker_heading: MR. HOWARD
dialog: You seem like a fine boy, and
dialog: I'll give you a good report
dialog: tomorrow. But there are lots of
dialog: boys applying, and we'll just
dialog: have to wait and see whether --
text: From O.S., we hear Dwight's voice, and Toby goes rigid.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: 142 CONTINUED: 142
speaker_heading: DWIGHT (O.S.)
dialog: Ohh, it's the Hotshot Boy.
text: Both Mr. Howard and Toby turn to see Dwight, wearing
text: his coveralls, ten feet away.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Yeah, it's the guy who thinks he
dialog: knows everything. Thinks he's so
dialog: smart, but fella, what you don't
dialog: know would fill a book.
dialog: (glances at Mr.
dialog: Howard's new
dialog: Chevrolet; offhand)
dialog: General Motors makes shit cars.
text: Dwight turns and enters the drugstore.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: That's, uh, that's this guy...
dialog: he's a mechanic... did some bad
dialog: work on our car...
text: It's not much of an explanation, but Mr. Howard seems to
text: buy it. He says goodbye to Toby, gets into his car,
text: drives away. Toby stares after him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 143 INT. A &amp; P GROCERY STORE - NIGHT 143
text: A few weeks have passed. Toby (his Elvis hairdo further
text: modified) again prices and stacks food. His face is
text: serious, his manner industrious.
scene_heading: 144 INT. DWIGHT AND CAROLINE'S KITCHEN - AFTERNOON 144
text: Toby walks in; his Elvis hair disappearing. Pearl, who
dialog: is boiling hot dogs, turns:
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: I know something'll make you feel
dialog: good: that man called -- you got
dialog: the scholarship.
text: Toby grits his teeth and clenches both fists victoriously.
dialog: He's won.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUED: 144
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: He said they're gonna give you two
dialog: thousand three hundred dollars a
dialog: year and it costs two thousand
dialog: five hundred dollars... so you
dialog: gotta come up with the other two
dialog: hundred. Great, huh?
dialog: (sympathetic)
dialog: I'm making hot dogs -- I'll make
dialog: one for you. Can you put mustard
dialog: on some bread for us?
text: Toby gets a jar of mustard from a cupboard, but it's
text: empty, so he tosses it on top of the trash can, gets a
text: new jar and starts to open it.
text: Dwight enters.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: What're you doing home so earl...
dialog: Oh! Toby he got that scholarship
dialog: -- two thousand and three hundred
dialog: dollars!
text: Dwight makes himself a drink, takes two large swallows,
text: then turns to Toby.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Hey, leopard. I say, 'Hey,
dialog: leopard.' I know you, leopard --
dialog: I can see those spots you can't
dialog: change.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Thinks he can go to some fancy
dialog: prep school and fool everybody.
dialog: Not a chance. I know a thing or
dialog: two about a thing or two.
text: Toby won't rise to the bait, and Dwight falls silent, he,
text: looks around and sees the jar of mustard on top of the
dialog: trash.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Who threw that away?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Because it was empty.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUED: (2) 144
text: Dwight retrieves the bottle. There are a few streaks
text: of mustard under the neck of the bottle. He holds it
text: close to Toby's face.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Empty? That look empty to you?
speaker_heading: PEARL
text: It looks empty to me.
speaker_heading: TOBY
text: It looks empty to me, too.
text: Dwight pushes the jar against Toby's eye, leaving mustard
text: stains on the boy's face.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Look again, hotshot. Is it empty?
text: Toby jerks his head away, not answering. Dwight slams
text: down the jar of mustard, grabs Toby by the back of the
text: hair and forces his face down against the mustard jar.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: Dad!
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (to Toby)
dialog: Now. Now, Mr. Big-Time Prep-
dialog: School fucker, is it empty?
text: Toby struggles, but Dwight has the strength of anger:
text: trying always to protect his throbbing finger, Toby
text: pulls free and jumps up from the table. Dwight is too
text: quick for Toby, though: he grabs an even bigger handful
text: of hair and forces Toby's face down onto the mustard
text: jar again and again. And again. Each time he asks if
text: the jar is empty. Finally, Toby gives up.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: No, it wasn't empty.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (lets him go)
dialog: All right -- clean it out.
text: His face smeared with mustard, Toby's expression is
text: murderous. He picks up a knife and scrapes at the mus-
text: tard, trying to get up under the neck. He manages to
text: get a few brown and yellow smudges on the knife, which
text: he transfers to the edge of a plate. Dwight watches.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUED: (3) 144
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Now. Was it empty?
text: Slowly he stands up and faces Dwight.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yes!
text: Dwight slaps Toby across the mouth and the battle is on.
text: As Pearl stands frozen, Toby lunges at Dwight, they
text: grapple and stagger around the room. GLASS SHATTERS, the
text: kitchen table CRASHES over, and their feet STAMP and
text: SHUFFLE but Toby is a wild man. Even though he has
text: only one good hand. He lands a blow between Dwight's
text: eyes that bangs the man back against the wall.
text: Dwight grabs the pan with the hot water from the hotdogs,
text: flings it at Toby. Most of it misses. Again they
text: grapple. Toby manages to throw Dwight down, then grabs a
text: broom that has fallen to the floor, presses it against
text: Dwight's throat, using his good hand and one knee.
text: Dwight's mouth gapes wide, his eyes bulge, and he jerks
text: himself frantically trying to dislodge Toby, but Toby
text: hangs on like grim death. Desperate, Dwight grabs Toby's
text: bandaged hand, bringing it close to his own face, and
text: bites the stump of Toby's injured finger as hard as he
dialog: can.
text: Toby and Pearl scream simultaneously. Pearl in horror,
text: Toby in pain. Pearl runs into her bedroom. Toby reels
text: back in pain, holding his freshly-bleeding hand. Dwight
text: takes his chance, grabs Toby by the throat, forces him
text: down onto the floor and begins to choke the boy. Toby's
text: eyelids begin to flutter. He's losing consciousness.
speaker_heading: WHAM!
text: From out of nowhere a baseball bat hits Dwight flat
text: across the shoulder blades, knocking the breath out of
text: him, stunning him momentarily. As he looks up, we see
text: Caroline, one of the baseball bats from the utility porch
text: drawn back, aimed at Dwight's head, ready to strike again.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (level)
dialog: Get away from him or I will kill
dialog: you.
text: Toby manages to stand up, Caroline speaks to both of them.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUED: (4) 144
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I got the scholarship and he went
dialog: nuts. He's crazy, and I'm leaving.
dialog: (screams it)
dialog: I'm leaving!
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Great. Go!
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Give me my paper route money, and
dialog: you'll never have to see my face
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (manages a smile)
dialog: That money is gone with the wind.
dialog: (as Toby stares)
dialog: That's right. I spent it as you
dialog: made it. It's gone. Poof.
text: Toby starts for Dwight again. Caroline grabs him, saying,
text: "No. No. No," over and over, literally dragging Toby
text: away from Dwight.
text: Caroline looks at Dwight.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: It's not so much that you're
dialog: disappointing -- it's that you're
dialog: consistently disappointing.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Oh, fancy, fancy talk -- fancy
dialog: talk for a whore. I know a thing
dialog: or two about a thing or two. I
dialog: got friends in this town that tell
dialog: me things, and I found out some man
dialog: down at that campaign headquarters
dialog: found you a job in Washington, D.C.
dialog: Gonna run off with him, aren't
dialog: you, Miss Whore?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: He's just a friend.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Miss Liar. Miss Whore Liar.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm leaving, Mom. You can leave,
dialog: too. You don't have to stay here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUED: (5) 144
text: Caroline takes three full beats and then her face
text: changes. She speaks wonderingly:
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I don't, do I?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No, you don't.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I could leave with you, couldn't
dialog: I?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yes, you could!
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: What about me?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I could just walk right out that
dialog: door, couldn't I?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yes, you could!
text: Caroline takes a deep breath, a weight has been lifted.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: My God... the lightness.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: What about me?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I'm leaving, too.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh, Dwight, why do you want me to
dialog: stay? You don't even like me,
dialog: not really.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: You're not leaving!
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (gentle)
dialog: Look again, Dwight -- I'm already
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUED: (6) 144
text: Dwight makes a terrible noise of frustration and rage,
text: doubles his fists, and starts toward Caroline.
text: Immediately Toby grabs the baseball bat and holds it
text: out, ready to strike, as the two begin to back toward
text: the door.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: ... you two've always sided in
dialog: against me, always thought you
dialog: were better than me. I tried. I
dialog: did the best I could. What about
dialog: me? Am I supposed to just crawl
dialog: off in a ditch someplace and die?
dialog: I've always been the nigger.
dialog: Everybody's nigger. Ever since I
dialog: was little.
text: Caroline and Toby are at the door, run across the yard
text: and down the street. Dwight stands in the doorway,
dialog: yelling:
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: What about me? When is it ever
dialog: Dwight's turn for some
dialog: consideration? What about me?
dialog: I'll tell you one thing --
dialog: you'll remember me!
scene_heading: 145 EXT. FIELD - MINUTES LATER 145
text: Caroline and Toby slow to a walk after running, laughing,
text: and catch their breaths.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Man, oh man.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Man, oh man, oh man.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Well, we're out.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Great, isn't it?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Yes. It's great. And you got the
dialog: scholarship! Congratulations,
dialog: honey.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: 145 CONTINUED: 145
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah, I'm out! I'm outta here!
dialog: Maybe I'll crash and burn, but
dialog: it's a chance, so I'm gone! I'm
dialog: history, Histoire. Nobody's
dialog: gonna tell me what to do now,
dialog: nobody. I'm free as a bird.
dialog: Sayonara nest.
dialog: (yells it; really
dialog: bawls it out)
dialog: Heaven on a June day!
text: Caroline's smile becomes fixed during Toby's speech and
text: she begins to regard him oddly.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Yeah, heaven on a June day...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: What'd he say about you having a
dialog: job in D.C.?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh, Helen found me something in a
dialog: real estate office, but...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: So now you can go! Oh. Oh! I am
dialog: so damn glad to get out of this
dialog: place! I'll be in 'fourth form.'
dialog: Doesn't that sound great? And if
dialog: you get a two-bedroom place in
dialog: D.C., I can come for vacations and
dialog: summers. I'm out. I'm out!
text: Caroline's eyes well up, and she lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (notices she's upset)
dialog: What? Oh, don't cry -- he's not
dialog: worth it.
text: As sad as she is, Caroline smiles...
speaker_heading: TOBY
text: She holds Toby at arm's length and studies him.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: My you've grown, haven't you.
text: Then clutches him to her fiercely. Smiling, the two
text: walk on through the sunny afternoon, singing softly to
dialog: each other.
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: 146 EXT. BUS STATION - DAY 146
text: Caroline and Toby stand next to a bus as the driver
text: STARTS the ENGINE. She is close to tears.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Are you sure you'll be all right?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (nice)
dialog: Get on the bus.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (stuffing bills into
dialog: his pocket)
dialog: I borrowed money from everybody I
dialog: know -- it's the two hundred you
dialog: need for the tuition, and an extra
dialog: fifty. Buy yourself a blazer.
dialog: Oh, God. I'll miss you. I'll
dialog: write you. You sure your hand's
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Get on the bus, Mom.
text: Caroline puts her arms around Toby, kisses his cheek
text: hard, then whispers something into his ear. When Toby
text: speaks, his words are full of love:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I know that, Mom. I've always
dialog: known that.
text: Caroline gets onto the bus, the DOORS CLOSE, WHOOSH and
text: the bus pulls away. We see Caroline's face at a window.
text: As the bus recedes, Toby turns and walks in another
text: direction. His face is shining, incandescent with
text: happiness. He breaks into a wide grin.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
