speaker_heading: EuroAtiantic Ltd
dialog: 28 Cagogan Square Landen Swix QP
scene_heading: waneere 01068 ed omen S0eEIE ree
dialog: The The. bandits
dialog: A Sereenpiay
dialog: by
speaker_heading: MICHAEL panry
dialog: and
speaker_heading: TERRY GILLIay
dialog: April 1st 1989
speaker_heading: TN. May 6/980
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 6.5.30 2
scene_heading: Int. KEVIN'S BEDROOM DAY : 2
text: In a corner of the room, KEVIN ~ a rather ordinary but
text: elearly imaginative 11 year old - is busy arranging
text: bis toy soldiers and borses into battle formation.
text: Making lots of noise, he attacks them with tank and laser
text: gun. Bang! His mounted troops are sent flying. Zap!
text: The building block fortress comes crasbing down. Roar!
text: A rocket powered machine spins around ths corner and smasbes
text: into the plastic Indiane. Be is deeply immersed in tbie
text: battle as the mismatched forces rags to and fro, when
text: suddenly the mood ie broken by his MOTHER'e voice from
dialog: downstairs.
speaker_heading: . MOTHER (V.0.)
dialog: Kevin, supper!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: vite , XBWIN
dialog: All rigbt! :
text: He looks back at ‘bis toys <- does one final apocalyptic wipe-out
text: of troope, then looking sadly at bis jumbled toye be
text: resignedly heads off out of the room, taking as he goes,
text: a thick book of Greek Heroes. CREDITS END.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN DAY . 3
text: KEVIN sits down at tahle, witb bis book. His FATHER eits,
text: oocasionally slurpng a cup of tea and rsading the evening
text: paper. There is a ping! from the sideboard and after
text: & moment MOTHER’ sets a plate of three very similar bland
text: lumps before KEVIN.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (setting aside bis book)
dialog: What's that ?
dialog: a
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (picking up packet from eideboard
dialog: and studying contents)
dialog: . (reading)
dialog: Chicken, duchesse potatoes, and carrots ...
text: KEVIN looks sceptical.
dialog: It says it's lovely.
speaker_heading: KEVIN’
dialog: (unconvinced)
dialog: Which is the chicken ?
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 3.
dialog: Cootinued 3
dialog: ony
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (looks at pack again, rather
dialog: irritably this time)
dialog: Er... the coe on the left ...
text: KEVIN isolates the chicken and cuts a hit off in a desultory
text: way. He opens the Greek book and reads at the same time.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: (addresses FATHER as she throws
dialog: Pack away)
dialog: What we ceed is something to take these
text: thiogs out of the packet automatically.
dialog: It'e weariog me out - all this unwrappiog ...
speaker_heading: PATHER
dialog: We can't have everythiog dear.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Why ever cet ? I know some people who
dialog: have.
dialog: 2
scene_heading: INT. S1TTING ROOM EVENING oo 4
text: Still picture of modern, fully gadgeted kitchec. Applause.
text: Pull cut to reveal a TV screec.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: (on TY)
dialog: Yee,:folks ... Moderna Designs preseot
dialog: the latest io kitchen luxury. The Moderna
dialog: Wonder Major All Automatic Cooveciecoe Ceoter-ette.
dialog: Gives yon all the time in the world to .
dialog: do the things you really want to do!
text: CUT TO REVERSE. ANGLE. MOTHER & FATHER sit in their armchairs
text: looking zombie~like at the TV screeo. They each have
text: @ mail-order catalogue on their laps. Behind them KEVIN
text: eits immersed in his Greek hero bock. He looks Up.
speaker_heading: KEVIN .
dialog: Dad ... did yon know that ancieot Greek
dialog: warriors had to learn 44 ways of unarmed
dialog: combat ? .
text: The TV drones co.
speaker_heading: + VOLCE ON TV
dialog: ++ @ Washing machine that cleans, dries
dialog: and tells yoo the time in three major
dialog: internaticoal citiee! A toaster with a
text: range of 50 yards! And an infra-red
dialog: treezer/oveo complex that can make you
dialog: a@ meal from packet to plate in 153 eecoods.
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 3A.
dialog: Continued
dialog: ve
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: The Morrisons have got nne that can
dialog: do that in 8 seconds,
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Oh ..
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Block of ice to Boeuf Bourgignan in
dialog: 8 seconds ...
dialog: (with feeling)
dialog: oo» lucky things ...
scene_heading: : _. FATHER
dialog: Well, at least we've got a two speed
dialog: hedge cutter.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Did you know, the ancient Greeks could
dialog: kill people 26 different ways!
speaker_heading: ’ FATHER
dialog: (without turning)
dialog: Bedtime fnr you Kevin, it's nine o'clinck,
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: And this king, Agamemmnnn, he nnce fought ..
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Go nn dear, your father's said!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Oh, all right.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: .
text: bustled on in front of B.P. of the dream kitchen.
dialog: 
dialog: Continued 4
text: Meanwhile on the TV screen, a BRUCE FORSYTH FIGURE has
speaker_heading: COMPERB
dialog: ‘Well, that's today's star prize, s0
dialog: let's meet today's star guests on
dialog: “Your Money Or Your Life’!
dialog: Music.
text: The title "Your Money Or Your Life” flashes on and off in neon
text: behind him ... as a rather nice OLD COUPLE are brought on by
text: a leggy, fishnat-tighted HOSTESS.
dialog: And your names ars?
dialog: all and Mrs Staveacre.
speaker_heading: COMPERE
dialog: 9b. gon come ms o5 let's not be ao formal aoe
dialog: - Yes we know that.
dialog: ‘Ahd you are =
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Reginald ...
speaker_heading: COMPERE
dialog: ‘Reginald, that's an interesting
dialog: name, and - 7?
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Beryl...
speaker_heading: COMPERE
dialog: Reginald and Bezyi - it's Your Money
dialog: or Your Life ton: - are yon nervous?
dialog: And so on.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY EVENING Ot 3
text: ' KESVIN pauses on stairs up to bed.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Could we go to Greece one day -
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: S
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 s.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM EVENING 6
text: Laughter from T¥, CUT TO screen to see that the OLD MAN is
text: being shown some heavy black weights.
speaker_heading: . COMPERE
dialog: Now then Reginald ... mo ... don't
dialog: lift yet. Oo, you are keen ...
speaker_heading: FATHER & MOTHER
dialog: (without turning)
dialog: Good night!
text: . KEVIN turns and walks up to bed. Back to the TY.
speaker_heading: COMPERE
dialog: Ia he like this at bome Beryl ? Eager ?
text: Roars of laughter. BERYL looks embarassed ..
speaker_heading: COMPERE
dialog: 00, I bet you bave sone fun ‘on Britisb
dialog: Legion night!
text: More’ roars of langhter.
dialog: And so on! :
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM NIGET
text: , KEVIN is in his pyjamas. Just before be gets in bed bs
text: pauses, looks down at bis toys, and moves a couplis of Napoleonic
text: soldiers into battle position. Be then climbe into bis bed.
text: Be picks np his book and looks at Agamemnon again, with wide
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: FATHER (V.0.)
dialog: And turn that light off!
text: KEVIN reluctantly switches off his light. Pauses for a
text: moment. Then snuggles into his blankets and turas over onto
text: his side. The sound of downstairs fades into a strange,
text: deep silence. Suddenly there is the sound of fierce rattling
text: and banging. KEVIN pulls himself up on his elbow. f looks
text: into the darkness anxiously. The weird and violent banging
text: and clanking comes from the wardrobe standing against the wall
text: oppoeite his bed. Even as KEVIN looks the noise and sbaking
text: increase, and suddenly the wardrobe deors burst open - splinters
text: flying everywhere - and a fully~armoured mediaeval KNIGST
text: on borseback charges ont of the wardrobe and into the room.
text: The HORSE is covered in froth, and is rearing wildly.
dialog: Continued
dialog: al
dialog: 
dialog: “Oe
text: eeteepemevenns etre esrwnembee awe esevaian steaminieinne merm-eute cont seenpemrreeennen
speaker_heading: 7A
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 . 5a
dialog: Continued ?
text: almoet cut of control. A great wind blows through the room
text: swirling leaves and dust about. The KNIGHT has a huge sword
text: in his hand which sweeps through the air knocking ohjecte
text: in the room all over the place. He is shonting after some
dialog: other knight who we can't eee. Snddenly, with a commanding
text: cry from the KNIGHT, the HORSE leape right across the kid's
text: hed and charges down 2 darkened avenue of trees that has
text: replaced one of the walls of the bedroom. The KID is stunned.
text: He dives under the covers. The hoofbeats disappear into the
text: distance and, slowly, he peere cut from hie hiding place.
dialog: Everything is hack to normal. No mess. No ENIGHT. No
text: ‘avenue of trees. He turne On the light. Getting out of
text: bed he goes over to the wall where the avenue of treee had
dialog: heen. Nothing. Except..,. among the pictures stack 211
text: over the wall is one which is identical to the avenue of
text: trees down which the KNIGHT vanished. Suddenly, the door
text: of the room is flung open.
speaker_heading: oo FATHER :
dialog: What-the hell is going on up here ?
dialog: I teld you to turn that light off and
dialog: get to bed. And no more noise!
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN ‘EVENING | 7A
text: Supper at home. They're all sating identical feed. KEVIN
dialog: ig anxious to he somewhere else.
dialog: {to FATHER)
dialog: It just came off like that ... the
dialog: whole thermostat, That's the toaster
text: ths spreader and the slicer all gone.
dialog: ‘ She's in a terrihle state.
speaker_heading: PATHER
dialog: Should have bought German ...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: XEVIN
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Mum... ? .
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That's what I said, Would have
dialog: matched her rotissomat too....
speaker_heading: xEVIN
dialog: Mum... Dad... can l=
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (turning on him)
dialog: = . &nd you're going to bed in good time
dialog: tonight!
speaker_heading: : KEVIN
dialog: Iwas thinking I'd go to bed now actually ...
dialog: Cantd nned
dialog: ”
speaker_heading: 7A
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 5B
speaker_heading: Continued 7A
speaker_heading: . : MOTHER
dialog: Now ? Certainly not!
speaker_heading: PATHER
dialog: You must wait until your food's gone
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: ESVIN
dialog: _I haven't. eaten any food ...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Telly = ond eat your food.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: * PRATHER
dialog: 4 for tt t0 go down,
dialog: 
text: They are cut ‘short “hy. a new noise. A shrill whining followed
text: hy a series-of rapid alarm huzzes.
speaker_heading: * MOTHER
dialog: ‘on nel. _ Not the carvery again .
text: She rushes across. toa machine that seems to have started
text: uncontrollably slicing a ‘joint of cold meat, sending slices
text: of ham quietly and unstoppably on to the floor.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM NIGHT . 73
text: TV is on again. Same game show - much laughter. This time
text: the two AGED CONTESTANTS are suspended above a large vat
text: of custard. Everyone roars with laughter. Except KEVIN'S
scene_heading: MOTHER & FATHER. = : © et emece
text: PULL. ODT = KEVIN. is in the hall making his way past the
text: sitting room door. He has something hidden under his dunes.
speaker_heading: COMPERE
dialog: « Oco you are awful! Now all I-
dialog: want:to know is +e. What famous fils
dialog: Star begins with 'C’' ... ?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: It's gone down now ... my supper ... I.
dialog: can feel it. I think I'll go to bed.
speaker_heading: PAaTEER
dialog: Good, off you go ... but no noise!
dialog: 7
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 sc.
dialog: Continued - ‘ 7B
text: A roar of laughter from the TV drowns the end of FATHER's
dialog: sentence.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: (who's halfway up the stairs
dialog: in his eagerness)
dialog: What ?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: No noise!
speaker_heading: XSVIN
dialog: Oh nol Right...
scene_heading: : | 71. COMPERE
dialog: No no ... Cape Town isn't a film star ...
dialog: 
text: Be runs up the last, three etairs in a single hound.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM NIGHT 7
text: KEVIN'e bedroom. This time there is no dawdling. KEVIN
text: enters hriskly, pulls torch and Polaroid camera carefully out
text: from his sweater, and lays them on his hedside table. He
text: puts his dressing gown on over his clothes and jumps into hed
text: and looks around. Hesitantly he turns out the light.
text: : Blackness. No noise... No rattlings. Nothing odd... He
text: looks disappointed ... silence. PAN ROUND the toys, the
text: gupboard, to KEVIN, who sits on the bed, holt upright, with
text: his dressing~-gown on, a eatchel elung arcund him, torch at
text: the ready, Polaroid camera at the ready. Nothing happens.
text: ' He flashes the torch. Still nothing. He locks around and
text: switches off the torch. -
text: FADE. FADE UP sometime later. KEVIN is having difficulty
text: Staying awake, but every time his head drops it jerks him hack
text: into wakefulness. .. ‘He looks across to the door. The light
text: on the landing goes out, and he hears the door of hie parents'
text: hedroom shut. He returns to his watching, but hie -eyes hegin
text: to close. He jerks awake then his tired eyes close again.
text: 4 clock chimes one.
text: The room ie in silence. KEVIN han finally gone to sleep.
text: Suddenly there is 2 eingle heavy thud, quite frightening,
text: from the wardrobe. There is 2 pause. At first KEVIN does
text: not wake, then follows 2 series of more very rapid heavy thuds,
text: followed hy muffled cursing and quite undeniably human grunts
text: bre groans. KEVIN wakee and cautiously pulls himself BP on
dialog: 36
dialog: Continued
dialog: 7
dialog: Revised 6.5.60 . 6.
dialog: Continued . 7
text: KEVIN can hear the wardrohe dnor creak open in the dark.
speaker_heading: . : STRUTTER
dialog: Where are we 7
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: WALLY
text: Leok at the map ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: It's ant on the map ...
speaker_heading: ‘ WALLY
dialog: Is he coming after us ?
dialog: Don’t panic.
speaker_heading: + ‘PIDGIT
dialog: is he coming after us ?
text: EEVIN reaches’ far a tareh lying an the bedside table.
speaker_heading: RANDALL .
dialog: I don't know ... I think we gave him .
dialog: the slip.
text: Hands shaking, XEVIN switches the tareh an. Immediately‘
text: he does sn there's panic. The heam af light falls upon.
text: a group of DWARVES, dressed and armed in a weird and wonderful
text: ‘variety of costumes and weapnns from various perinds in histary,
text: who blink sightlessly back at him. Their names. are RANDALL,
scene_heading: ~ STRUTTER, WALLY, OG, FIDGIT and VERMIN.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: . (fearfully)
dialog: It's Bim!
text: They try tn race away from the light. Like frightened little
text: animals they rush here and there along the walls.
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: He's found us!
speaker_heading: . WALLY
dialog: We're done far!
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: I tnid yan...
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: We've had it ...
dialog: Ll Revised 6.5.80 ?
dialog: { - 7 Continued : 7
text: . They finally pile up in a whimpering heap in the furthest corner.
text: RAWOALL, the apparent leader, hisses to ths others.
dialog: : Leave it to me!
text: He hesitantly steps forward. He is clutching a parchment
text: map covered in various symbols. He bolds it up and
text: addressee the light very deferentially.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: - e+ We.can explain everything sir ..
dialog: honestly .... we only horrowed the map
dialog: sir ... and then We were er .. so happy ..
dialog: we just ran off .. in sort ..
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: }
dialog: oie enero seh
speaker_heading: —
dialog: Revised 14.4.30 8.
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: RANDALL (Cont)
dialog: of high spirits, we were on our
dialog: way back actually ...
speaker_heading: xXEVIN
dialog: Who are you, please ...?
text: : & complete transformation comee over the cowering band.
speaker_heading: 3 : STRUTTER
dialog: That's not Him ...
dialog: Qo ripest
dialog: Doesn't sound’ like Zim.
dialog: 
dialog: tt isa’ zim,
dialog: . sigut, ‘Gene ont aner7) .
text: Before KEVIN can hide, the BANDITS as one tear across the
text: room and leap onto the bed. RANDALL jumps across KEVIN's
text: chest issuing orders. KEVIN struggles.
text: _ WALLY gets kicked.
speaker_heading: Oo WALLY ¢
dialog: (Ow! My nose!
speaker_heading: : RANDALL
dialog: Help him ... Og, help him!
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: . Who?
speaker_heading: RANDALL |
dialog: Wally. One leg each ...
text: In the struggle, KEVIN and the DWARVES tangled in the bed-
text: clothes topple off the bed. KEVIN's arms are pinioned to.
dialog: the floor. : t
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Strutter ... get his torch ...
text: STRUTTER grabs the torch.
speaker_heading: RANDALL.
dialog: Right, shine it ... right in the face ...
dialog: Continued
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 9
dialog: 
dialog: i 7¢ «Continued : 7
text: . STRUTTER ehines the torch full in RANDALL's face. ©
speaker_heading: ‘ RANDALL
dialog: . . His face!
text: : STUUTTER shines the torch in KEVIN's facs, KEVIN looks
dialog: terrified.
dialog: Tt's a kid!
speaker_heading: 5 RANDALL
dialog: Os ous Fidgit ... check the door.
text: With well-practised precision they run to the door. FIDGIT
text: leaps on OG's sboulders and looks out through the glass light
text: above the door - .
speaker_heading: oy FIDGIT
dialog: All clear ...!
text: wooo - . -STRUTTER switches on the small hedside lamp which has toppled
dialog: . : to the floor. ° .
dialog: 7 . (pulling Kevin to his
dialog: . : feet
dialog: «os .Raght! Listen to me, help us get
dialog: out of here and you won't get hurt ...
speaker_heading: wtas tf WALLY
dialog: an (from hehind)
dialog: . Much ...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: (still. wide-eyed with
dialog: amazement)
dialog: W owes W os. Why don't. you get out
dialog: the way you.came?
dialog: (grabhing Kevin hy the
dialog: Byjama front)
dialog: Don't try and be smart, you little
dialog: ereep ...
text: Pugnacious murmurs: fromthe other DWARVES as they advance.
dialog: "Little clever Dick" = "Smart arse!" etc.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Tf you want to play it smart ... I'11
dialog: intreduse you to Vermin ... he eats
dialog: . +. ‘eaything you know, especially hits of
dialog: | : people he doesn't like.
dialog: @ . Che indicates leering
dialog: dwarf at the back)
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 7
dialog: Revised 14.4.80
dialog: Continued
dialog: 10
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: . KEVIN
dialog: (beginning to back away)
dialog: I'm not trying to be smart ... I'm
dialog: just trying to help ...
dialog: (advancing)
dialog: You know ... don’t you ...
speaker_heading: oe KEVIN
dialog: (backing away)
dialog: I don't know anything.
dialog: You know - and you're not going to
dialog: tell us ~ well I'm getting angry!
text: KEVIN ig pressed against the wall by this time.
speaker_heading: oot KEVIN,
dialog: I. don't know, -
dialog: And Vermin's getting hungry ...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Aargh!
text: ’The wall: he's leaning against suddenly moves back, #3‘ © -
text: RANDALL lungee. KEVIN falls to the floor in amazement.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: That's it! He's found it ...
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: What ...?
dialog: “ The way ont!
text: KSVIN picks himself up.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: It'e never done that before ...
text: RANDALL hands. KEVIN the torch.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Hold that ... come on yon lot ...
dialog: Push!
text: The excited DWARVES rush to the wall and push. Immediately
text: one lot push with such force the wall moves back eeveral feet,
text: and three: others fall on the floor. It's very chaotic.
text: RANDALL tries desperately to organise them.
dialog: Continued
dialog: 7
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 11
dialog: Contiaued 7
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: ‘ Not like that! Wait... Wait for me
dialog: to give the order... Right ... ready ...
text: ‘They lean against the wall.
dialog: see One! ...
text: Some of them push, others fall on the floor as the wall moves
text: a few more feet.
text: RANDALL is beside himself with anger. He stamps bis foot
dialog: : vigorously.
speaker_heading: 5 RANDALL: -
dialog: Waitt’ ‘Yow geyer start at one!
dialog: er heard of anybody starting at
dialog: onel ... I'll say “one-two-three” and
dialog: on on three we beave ...
dialog: ‘ We beave on - Two ... or three?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Three!. :
text: The OTHERS push, RANDALL and STRUTTER, who are leaning against
text: the wall arguing, fall to the ground :.. The wall is now about
text: ten feet from its original positon. RANDALL is about to go
text: mad again when there is a rusbing wind ... they all turn...
text: there behind KEVIN is a bright Tine .». An ever-widening
text: radiance ... They look in fear.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: He's found us ...!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: ’ (with sudden urgency)
dialog: One~two-three ... beave ...!
text: They all heave ... The wall begins to move steadily but not
dialog: fast. enougs.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: ‘ (to Kevin)
dialog: » «Help us ... help us ... please ..
text: KEVIN, still wide-eyed with wonder, momentarily stands undecided
text: . then, with a leek back at the light, begins to push.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: That's it. Push! ... Push!
dialog: Revieed 14.4.80 12
dialog: 7S «Continued 7
text: with everyone now pushing out of hlind panic, the wall moves
text: back ... 20... 30... 50 feet. The hedroom assumes the shape
text: of a long corridor with familiar hedroom ohjects receding into
dialog: the distance.
text: The glow increases es the DWARVES scrahhle with the wall. It
text: coalesces at last into a hrilliant white FIGURE with long
text: beard and leonmine head of hair ... the wind howls, swirling
text: his hair and rohe about majestically. Re heads down the
dialog: passage at then.
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: Push! me
speaker_heading: ~ SS, KEVIN
dialog: Who is that?
dialog: Push! *
text: The DWARVES push frantically. KEVIN looks hack in terror aad
text: hewilderment. The SUPREME BEING (for it ig he) fills the
text: passageway with his awesome presence. He makes to speak.:
text: The DWARVES push. The SUPREME BEING levels his gaze upon
text: them and shouts with the authority of many centuries.
scene_heading: . SUPREME BEING
dialog: Return what you have stolen from me!
dialog: Set manny stake a ‘+ Returnmt Return! ... return the map or
dialog: it will bring you great danger ...
dialog: Stop! ... NOW! :
text: The DWARVES push, then suddenly, they lose their halance as
text: the wall drops away into darkness. Unable to slow their
text: momentum, they plummet after it into hlack space.
speaker_heading: 8 TIME/SPACE 8
text: As the ‘square of light fromthe end of the hedroom disappears
text: : far above them, they fall. Down, down through the hlackness
text: uecc~ ‘csc=-- ‘they tumble. Their figures distort ... stretching and twist-
text: a4 ing and then reforming as they pass through galaxies of hlack
text: “ spheres in even hlacker space. The fall appears to be endlese.
text: ERVIN is terrified. .
scene_heading: 9 EXT. DESERTED FARMYARD Day 9
text: CUT TO a deserted farmyard. The farm buildings are in an ad~
text: vanced state of disrepair. A chicken pecks in the dusty yard.
text: Suddenly the CHICKEN emits a terrified sqnawk and leaps into
text: the air as a cloud of dust explodes in front of her. The dust
text: Slears revealing the piled figures of the DWARVES and KEVIN,
text: 4 slight pause and then OG, the last es usual splashes into a
text: nearby watertrough. All the GANG scramble to their feet and
text: nae asaa for the harn. RANDALL grabs KEVIN's arm and drags
dialog: ong.
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 . 13
scene_heading: 10 «INT. BARN DAY : 10
dialog: 
text: , : Scattering a few bedraggled geese, they race into the barn and
text: ‘ dive into the straw, wriggling out of sight as fast as possible.
text: RANDALL throws KEVIN to STRUTTER.
speaker_heading: fe KEVIN
dialog: pe What is going -
text: STRUTTER clamps his hand over the BOY's month and drags him
text: out of sight. RANDALL hunches down behind a post near the
text: door. He etares intently back at the spot they landed. Ee
text: holds his breath. After a few tanse moments he lets out a
text: ‘ sigh of reliez.
dialog: / : i That was close -.. All clear.
dialog: 
text: Slowly the others"peer out from their hiding places. - STRUTTER
text: Teleases hie grip'on KEVIN. The DWARVES begin olimbing out of
text: the straw. ‘Their eyes are wide with a. mixture of fear and
dialog: relief. . . 4 : .
dialog: Who are you?
text: hy . . ‘. (rather impatient at
dialog: By the interruption)’
dialog: | . ees Sab!
dialog: '
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EgVIN
dialog: (his oa edged with
dialog: i . . happened to my room ...? . Who was
dialog: _ that man?
speaker_heading: ¢ . , FrIpGITr
dialog: i uo . (the nioe one-- next
dialog: = to Kevin)
dialog: | ‘ That was no man ....that was the
dialog: i Supreme Being.
dialog: You mean God?
speaker_heading: . FIDGIT _. :
dialog: We never got tS know him that well..
dialog: We_only worked for hi ... :
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (very ack Playing the
dialog: eader the emergency)
dialog: : . Shut uplt Are we all here ...?
dialog: : st te ame (he looks round at the.
dialog: @ | panting bunch of disreputables)
dialog: to eee Wally ...?
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: Sir ...-
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: io
dialog: 12
dialog: Continued a4 10
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Strutter ...?
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: Yeak ... !
speaker_heading: RANDALL 1
dialog: Pidgit ...? '
speaker_heading: EIDGIT
dialog: Yeah ... ‘
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Oe .66?
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Yes....2 -
speaker_heading: te * RANDALL
dialog: Are you
dialog: : me — oa
dialog: . Ma?
speaker_heading: ‘ FIDGIT
dialog: - (helpfully)
dialog: Yee, 'e here ...
speaker_heading: 7 RANDALL
dialog: Vermin ...?
dialog: . (he Locks around)
dialog: oo» Vermin!
text: There is a2.grunt from an ill-lit corner of the hales. It'e
text: , he quickly secretes some ohject behind his hack,. but
text: ‘a few Zeathers around bie mouth give him away. He smilee
text: , Pather pathetically.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: ‘Stop eating!
speaker_heading: , WALLY
dialog: i'd rather he ats them than us ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Right it's not safe to stay here, he'e
dialog: wtill after us, so we've got to keep
dialog: moving ... Og, Vermin... hey! Where
dialog: are you going?
dialog: " SEVIN has made = hreak for it. He runs out of the harn,
scene_heading: ERT. DESERTED FARMYARD DAY . on
text: KEVIN races cut and across the farmyard. He looks left and
dialog: right, can't eee anything, . .
dialog: : from ineidi bara
dialog: Atter nig[7o™ *Betde the ?
scene_heading: _32T, COUNTRYSIDE Day 13
text: CUT TO KEVIN running down 2 slope. He jumps 2 stream ... He
text: looks hack and sees the DWARVES at the top of the hill. He
text: races on through a wood, pushes through some undergrowth and
dialog: onto 2 dirt road. ;
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: |
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: — — . —
scene_heading: 134 EXT. HILL oDaY 13a
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 15
scene_heading: 13° «+EXT. OAD DAY 13
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (serambling out of the
dialog: " , undergrowth and coto the road)
dialog: . Help! Help! Help!
text: Suddenly, taking ito his surroundings, KSVIN stops, Ee is
text: standing in the middle of an avenne of trees ~ the avenue of
text: trees down which the KNIGHT from his wardrobe disappeared.
text: His shocked amazemeot is interrupted hy the sounds of
text: thandering hoofbeats behind him. Spinning around, he ie
text: practically trampled underfoot hy three madly galloping
text: horses ridden hy Napolecoio Hussars. The horses rear out
text: of control ta avoid the boy. KEVIN stands mesmerized.
dialog: ‘(tvying to cootrol his
dialog: 7 | reariog mount)
dialog: Dammit. boy - these horses are
dialog: ‘ valnable. ©
dialog: : (drawing his and
speaker_heading: coming at KEVIN)
dialog: You little fool! :
text: KEVIN is just mesmerized by these live representatives of hie
dialog: favourite, toys. . . . .
speaker_heading: 38D HUSSAR
dialog: . Leave him, we're late.
text: He wheels his horse round, the first follows with a kick to his
text: horse'e flanks, and heads off. KEVIN, fearless hecause of his
text: amazement, stands with a eabre only inches from his throat.
scene_heading: . 2ND HUSSAR -
dialog: o d3sus : (angrily)
dialog: Simpleten!
text: The 2ND HUSSAR whirls his horse away and charges after the
text: others. The DWARVES who have ‘been watching all this from the
text: cover of ‘the undergrowth, @lipp off in the opposite direction.
text: XSVIN turns to where the DWARVES were, but can see oo sign of
dialog: tee
text: Wide-eyed, he rushes np the hill after the HUSSARS. On
text: reaching the hrow of the hill he stops ~ his eyes can't
dialog: believe what they are seeing. Spread out io froot of
text: him is 2 sweeping panorama of a late 18th century
text: hattlefield, Ta the distance, surrounded by fiercely
text: tightiog troops, is a town under hsavy bombardmect, -
text: REFUGEES stream out of the town and up the road towards
text: KEVIN, who is soon caught np in ths swirl of the retreat,
text: Tryiog to get a view of the battle, KEVIN kneels down,
text: peering through the passing cartwheels. One of the REFUGEES
text: stumblee over him,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 , 16
dialog: 134 Continued :
speaker_heading: REFUGEE
speaker_heading: (roughly lifting EEVIN up)
dialog: On your feet boy ...
scene_heading: MONK DRIVING CARTLOAD OF NUNS
dialog: Get a move on! They're taking prisoners ..
speaker_heading: SEVIN
dialog: Excuse me, what is this town ?
speaker_heading: REFUGEE
dialog: Castiglione vee
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: «+. OF what Napoleon's left of it ...
speaker_heading: _ KEVIN
dialog: Napoleon ?
text: KEVIN stops in-bis tracks.
dialog: Yes, it's his city now.
dialog: . (spits).
speaker_heading: {to KEVIN)
dialog: C'mon boy ... you come with us if you
dialog: know what's good tor you,
speaker_heading: KEVIN °
dialog: {he can't believe any of
dialog: this)
dialog: No thanks ... Napoleon ?!!
text: KEVIN is caught in the jostling queue of REFUGEES.
scene_heading: PUSHY CHEESE CARRYING REFUGEE
dialog: You're going the wrong way!
dialog: 134
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 8.5.50 17
scene_heading: , 14 EXT. BRIDGE par , 14
text: ' GUY TO heneath a hridge. There, hiding heneath the rumbling
dialog: yefugee carts, heside a river, ie the GANG, lietening to
text: “INDALL whe has the map open on his knee. :
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Now we ohviously went a little wrong
dialog: when we ended up in the hrat's hedroom,
dialog: eee coat worry, I'll get you out of
dialog: It's upside down ...
speaker_heading: fos Jos RANDALL
dialog: Listen, a0 yon want to run this gang ?
speaker_heading: So STRUTTER
dialog: NO .., BO... We agreed ... no leader ...
speaker_heading: 2 BaNDaLL
dialog: Right! So shut up and do as I say.
text: Suddenly there is a shout from above.
dialog: ii . Hey!
text: They all lcok up in alarm.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Seb!
text: KEVIN comes serambling down shouting.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: _ (full of eagerness)
dialog: . Do you know where we are ?
speaker_heading: 2 RANDALL
dialog: .. (grabbing him)
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (oukbling over)
dialog: We're in Italy! ...
text: RANDALL pushea him down under the hridge.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: What the hell deo yon think you're doing 7..
dialog: yelling and tcreaming like that ?
text: Che jabs a finger akywards)
dialog: e Yon know what'll happen if the Supreme
dialog: Being finds us...
dialog: (KEVIN looks deflated)
dialog: Ee can turn us all into used handle Lez.
dialog: just like that ... ershiers
dialog: '
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: \
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 18
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I'm sorry ... hut ... I mean ...
dialog: . it's 1796 ... that's Castiglione ..
text: he points towards the
dialog: city in amazement)
dialog: those are Napoleon's troops ...
text: They lock at each cther.
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: ao this whern we were meant to
dialog: e
speaker_heading: an RANDALL
text: (quickly turning the map and
dialog: leoking very closely at it)
dialog: That's right, 1796 ... Castiglione ...
dialog: Northern Italy ... +
text: Suddenly a DWARVES see KEVIN in a new light.
speaker_heading: ' STROTTER
dialog: That's: very good eee
speaker_heading: _ WALLY
dialog: Very good ....
speaker_heading: . FIDGIT
dialog: How d'you know that ... ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (eressly)
dialog: All right! All right! You can get
dialog: -his autograph later. What's your name ?
speaker_heading: _ KEVIN
dialog: Er ... Kevin ...
speaker_heading: ‘ RANDALL
dialog: Right, Kevin .. shut up and play your
dialog: fe ' Gards right and we could make you a very
dialog: rich man ... Fidgit ... you keep
dialog: an eye on him ... Now are we a gang of
dialog: desperate international thieves or not ... ?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Yes ... Yes ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: +e. and bave we a jok to do ? .
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (sntbusiastically)
dialog: Yes ...
dialog: Oh ... great!
dialog: cy Revised 6.5.80 ‘19
dialog: asia
dialog: 14 Continued a 14
scene_heading: : . RANDALL 3
dialog: j : Right ... So we've got to get inte j
dialog: L . the town ... )
speaker_heading: : KEVIN ]
dialog: '
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Ssh! Now.
dialog: Be ie interrupted hy a great commotion on the bridge above
dialog: them. Que of the refngee carte that have heen rumbling
text: over the bridge etops, and an elderly expiring MAN is being
text: carried down to the water by hie two DAUGHTERS or SONS.
dialog: Be'ea moaning wretchedly ... |
speaker_heading: . RANDALL
dialog: (shontiag up in
dialog: : irritation)
dialog: Dammit, can't yon flee more
dialog: quietly «oe I'm trying to concentrate..
speaker_heading: OW ee
text: STRUTTER, who ‘has stuck his head out and eeen the untended
dialog: cart, pops hia head back in again... -
scene_heading: _. STRUTTER ao
dialog: Tive got an ides ... Quick ...
text: . aun the DWARVES hnrddle together, then heads ned. Then STROTTER
text: ‘ takes a quick look up at the cart, across to the expiring
text: ‘Qld MAN. Then gives a signal.
text: With lightning ‘precision the GANG rush up on to. the bridge,
dialog: (* surround the cart, and throw out all the contents.- Then,
text: . with clubs, swiftly knock the wheele off. Trey throw the =
text: wheel-less cart over the side of the bridge and it lands ia a
text: the water. Grabbing a couple of utansils to use as paddies i
text: they.rush back down to the etream and leap inte the fleating
text: a cart. ‘The last DWARY hands a cup to the old REPUGEE to aid
dialog: ae hia drinking.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . REFUGEE
dialog: Thank you kind « here!
text: . Ee realises with indignation that he's been given his own
text: : oup. As the cart floats off down the river the REFUGEES
text: profusely start to thank the DWARF when they realize what
text: ot has happened. The carticad of fiercely paddling D¥ARVES
text: i floats away toward the setting sun... and adventure.
dialog: C),° Revieed 6.5.80 20
scene_heading: 15 EXT. CASTIGLIONE NIGHT
text: Cart-boat makes its way tbrough the burning devastatioo
text: surroundiog tbe stream. BODIES plummet from bridges,
text: TROOPS march to and fro. PEOPLE rush to the water to
text: esoape tbe flames. Dead ANIMALS float io the stream.
text: Manoeuvriog their craft to a landiog, tbe GANG climb out.
text: Over all the borror is the sound of coe man laughing.
scene_heading: . 16 ‘EXT. CITY STREETS NIGHT
text: Enteriog tbe ruined city, they make tbeir way past debris
text: and burniog buildiogs. WOUNDED lie about the streets
text: waiting for attention. - The SOY and tbe DWARVES bead in
dialog: tbe directioo of the. laughter. .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (to. STRUTTER)
dialog: What are we going to do ?
speaker_heading: . STRUTTER
dialog: (sbarply)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: A robbery ...
speaker_heading: KSVIN
dialog: 
dialog: a robbery ?
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: (a little indignantly)
dialog: Of course .. we're internatiooal criminals ..
dialog: we do robberies...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Shh ... quiet at the back ...
scene_heading: 17 ~«=EXT. TOWN SQUARE NIGHT -
text: : In the middle of the demolisbed town eqnare stands 4 small
text: ’ : opeo-air theatre surrounded by a low ecolosure. On the
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 17
text: stage is an even smaller puppet theatre. A lond and violent
dialog: Punch and Judy show is being performed, Around tbe edge
text: of the audience area stand impatieot and exasperated FRENCH’
text: : GENERALS. Alone, in the middle of the audieo w area, sits
text: a small uniformed MAN enjoying himself immensely. It is
dialog: 
dialog: 17
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 204.
dialog: Continued . 17
text: NAPOLEON BONAPARTE. His laughter carries over the
text: devastation. The town ELDERS are next to the FRENCH
text: GENERALS - in chains. Troops continue to round up
text: townspeople and march them to a wall where they are executed
text: by a tiring squad. This continues throughout the entire
dialog: scene.
text: Everyone, apart from NAPOLEON, is looking anxiously and
text: nervously at each other ... smoke drifts across the area
text: and there is the sound of distant gunfire.
speaker_heading: RANDALL —
dialog: (to the group, crouched
dialog: ' behind a pillar)
dialog: That's him ...
text: oo Che points to NAPOLEON)
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: < (his face changes)
dialog: * You! re not going to rob him ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: That's. rigkt | .. every single penny
dialog: he's. got.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: That's Napoleon ....
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 
dialog: a2
dialog: Continued 7
dialog: . RANDALL,
dialog: . And ke's rich ...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: But -
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Ssh!
text: He pushes them back in the shadows, as one of Napoleon's
text: Generals, LUCIEN, passes close by them, and goes acorcess to
text: NAPOLEON. LUCIEN, like a11 Napoleon's advisere, is
dialog: uasostaeacely very tall.
speaker_heading: : Ss LUCTEN
dialog: ae Cleaning down to
dialog: Napoleon)
dialog: Monsieur Commander ... I think that
dialog: + the: Mayor of Castiglione and his
dialog: Council would like very mck to
dialog: surrender new please ...
text: . NAPOLEON does not. respond. Ee Just roars with laughter at
dialog: ths puppet show.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: ‘Look at that! Look at the little
dialog: tellow!
text: (he convulses with
dialog: langhter)
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
text: (with a glance towards
dialog: ths other Generals who
dialog: motion him to have another
dialog: go)
dialog: Sir ... The surrender of Castiglione
dialog: would be a marvellcus teather up the
dialog: Cap ... With this city we have the
dialog: whole area of Western Lombardy at
dialog: our feet ...
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Oh, go away =
text: (he turns back to
dialog: the etage)
dialog: More! More!
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE NIGHT my 18
text: CUT TO the stage. The PUPPETEER is really rather badly
text: wounded hnt manfully carrying on hitting JUDY with PUNCH
text: despite kis hloody wounds, because NAPOLEON is enjoying it
text: all so much, Behind the PUPPETEER at back of stage a very
dialog: 13
dialog: is
dialog: Revised 14,4.80 ad
dialog: Continued 138
text: nervous greasy-haired MANAGER is biting his nails. Standing
text: around are various other ACTS who leok very miserable. They
text: are all very tail. Out in the square NAPOLEON continues
dialog: to enjoy himself ...
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE NIGHT ig
text: He roars with laughter and applauds. LUCIEN looks desperate,
text: another General, NEGUY, walks briskly across, determined
dialog: , t@ sort this whole thing out once and for all.
speaker_heading: : ' . NEGUY
dialog: Mon Commander, they are very keen
dialog: to surrender. They ‘ave been here
dialog: 8 hours -
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Dost’ stand Bo close to ne Néguy.
dialog: I've told you, about that before,
dialog: You om one side ... ‘im on the
dialog: other. It's like being at the
text: bottom of a well.
text: They retreat a few steps back.
dialog: Just because you think I’m small ...
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: ' No yon're not small ... Commander ...
dialog: you're not. small at all.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN .
dialog: No, not by any means. 5 foot 1
dialog: ia not small.
dialog: & f 1 and Conque: 2 t
dialog: oot ror of Italy ...
dialog: net bad eh? 7
speaker_heading: GENERALS
dialog: Ho ... very good indeed.
text: NAPOLEON returns to the puppets as the curtain draws.
dialog: 23
dialog: 19 Continued : 19
dialog: 
dialog: More! More!
scene_heading: 20 04«INT. BACK STAGE” NIGHT 20
text: Behind stage the wretched PUPPETEER, badly wounded and
text: trying to etaunch the flow of blood, hears these shouts of
text: appreciation with utter horror ... He's desperately trying
dialog: to prepare bis puppets for ancther show despite bis pre-
text: carious grip on life. He locks imploringly at the MANAGER,
dialog: ) * who himself looks only eacoods from the 19th nervous break-
speaker_heading: QlsoExr.
dialog: 
dialog: ; 22
dialog: |
dialog: i ; 7 When was.the last time a man of
dialog: . : . 5 foot 1 took Milan ... Buh?
dialog: eg. . "* ¢dutdtuaty)
dialog: Oh ... long ago eir ...
text: ’ The MANAGER appears ... He is frightfully ingratiating.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN MANAGER
dialog: Ab... oF ... Sir ... Tues OF eee
dialog: nr . Thank you ... Thank yon very much .
dialog: i |] wooder 42 you would like to see
dialog: ot any of our ... other ... items ...
dialog: We have Zuzu and Benny ...
dialog: (he quickly motions
dialog: them to. come. out)
text: . Pun :on ‘a unicycle.
dialog: 
text: They are both tall and gormless, with only three stilts
text: between them. NAPOLEON waves them away.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN MANAGER
dialog: No ...? Br... How about the
dialog: Great Rumbozo ... he sing and Aate
dialog: ' heavy things ...
text: ‘y He appears, aguin far too big.
dialog: No... er... how about ... ab!
dialog: Lew This I think you like ... very
dialog: e ' funny ... the Three Idiots ...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 23
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 14.4.80 _*
dialog: Continued 2a
dialog: He summons them. :
speaker_heading: ITALIAN MANAGER
dialog: eee @P 42. from Latvia ... very
dialog: funny act ... They swallow brushee ...
text: Three very frightened MEN in drag appear ... They are all
text: well over 6 foot.
dialog: Arcee
dialog: wot. (angrily
dialog: . Not. No... they're all freaks ...
dialog: :: What kKind.of. theatre are you
dialog: vunaing?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: = MANAGER
dialog: ‘m sorry eir but ...
dialog: 7 (he ig cut off by a
dialog: .* volley from the firing
dialog: . squad)
scene_heading: »* .. ~ NAPOLEON
dialog: . More. of the funny show ... with
dialog: : the little puppets ... hitting each
dialog: other ... that's what 1 like ...
dialog: little things ... hitting each other.
dialog: 
text: "* NAPOLEON looks so angry that the MANAGER licks his lips and
text: ‘: dares say no more. He pushes his acts back.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BACK STAGE NIGHT "a2
dialog: Behind et: » the PUPPETEER is in an even worse etate. He
dialog: ‘holds BP vee
scene_heading: ‘EXT. ‘TOWN SQUARE NIGHT 23
text: NAPOLEON. cheers. POUNCE falls leaving a trai: vo: .
text: NAPOLEON boos ... leg euddenly sticks out ct store too"
text: The PUPPETEER is now an EX-PUPPETEER.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RANDALL
text: verte ss reneces- (looks knowingly at STRUTTER)
dialog: C'mon!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: NM
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 24
dialog: 26
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. Back STAGE NIGST , 24
text: . Tae ITALIAN MANAGER has a gun at hia head, wheu they appear.
text: Brist chat, the ITALIAN MANAGER wods his head,
scene_heading: Bar. TOWN Square NTGaT 35
text: Outaide NAPOLEON is locking very ted up, at ths demise of the
scene_heading: Puppets, 4 TEIED GENERAL, 6 foot 9 inch LOUIS MAROIS, COMTE
text: mg T and EARL OF ORLEANS, approaches NAPOLEON.
dialog: Luckily for bim, just ae hs ie about to epeak, there is a
text: tatty fanfare and suddenly the DWARVES tumble onto the stage,
text: remove the puppet show and PUPPETEEA and go into s dreadful
text: act, It's brief, and-at the end RANDALL signala to a
text: MUSICIAN who plage. & chord, and the curtaing cloee. NAPOLEON
dialog: sits very Sees: ,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NIcgt : 26
dialog: (to the Manager as they”
dialog: come oft stage) .
dialog: 
dialog: Well? /
text: Ttte been ‘eo bad that the TTALIAN MANAGER wearily picks up the
text: gun_and places it to his head when suddenly he hears enormous
text: Splause from NAPOLEON. He lowers tha gun iu amazement.
dialog: Yasn't this ons of the worst acts aver witueesed? Sut nof
text: ‘NAPOLEON. actually appears on stage, shaking hands with these
text: DWARVES, heaming and happy ... He comes up to ESVIN, and
text: XSVIN almost faints when the great man epeaks to him .,.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: - (shaking bands with Xevin)
dialog: You stick with these hoys ...
dialog: man... You have a great future,.
dialog: Che ‘turns to the Dwarves)
dialog: You know you are the best thing that
dialog: . . ‘bas Bappened to:me since the whole
dialog: : | Gampaign ... I came to. conquer Italy
dialog: because I thought they were 211 small
dialog: you know ~ I heard thay was really
dialog: tiny guye but ~,
text: NEGUY and LUCIEN come up on stage.
speaker_heading: NSGUY :
dialog: Sir... I really think there ere
dialog: more important things +
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: "Cade patience snapping)
dialog: Shut. up! Don't you dare tell ne oy
dialog: business ... You're dimiased you hear seal
dialog: You, Lucien, and all the rest of you.
text: Great streaks of misery.
dialog: 28
dialog: 27
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: He tee oF
dialog: 26
dialog: Continued , 268
dialog: Recuy
dialog: But sir...
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON .
dialog: Not Prom today I have new Generals!
text: He beams at the DWARVES.
scene_heading: INT. .BANQURT HALL Nica? a7
text: “The GANG, dressed in hnge French General uniforms, sit around
text: a great dining table heaped high with food. The room ia full
dialog: of the spoils of war, glittering goodies which the GANG can
text: hardiy keep their eyes off. NAPOLEON is at the head of
text: the table. He is wall inte a settle of cognac, and rambles
text: on the while, to the polite but rather awkward BANDITS.
dialog: Alexander the Great ... Five foot
dialog: exactly. Isa't that incredible ...?
dialog: Alexander the Great, whose Empire
dialog: stretched from India to Hungary ...
dialog: One inch shorter than me ...!.
dialog: Gliver Cromwell ... the only man with
dialog: any guts in British history ... not
dialog: & Dig man... not a hig mam at all ...
text: CUT to the DWARVES nodding dutifully.
scene_heading: “EXT. ‘TOM! squane = NIGHT 2s
text: ’ GUT to out in the square. There is a slight wind whipping
text: around the pathetic group of town COUNCILLORS waiting to
text: eurrender. Seaide them huddled round a fire are LUCIEN,
text: NEGUY and the other GENERAL in their underwear - though they
text: still have. their swords dangling. round their long johns.
text: They look up iat the lighted window, hopefully,
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET HALL © NIGHT ; 98
text: CUT hack to the room.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Louwix XIV... 5 foot 3... Henry
dialog: of Navarre ... called Heary the
dialog: Great ... 3 foot 22 ...
dialog: Charlemagne ... & little $
dialog: footer ... aqnat little chap ...
dialog: ao eke y
dialog: 29° Continued 29
text: j NAPOLEON is getting more slurred, RANDALL surreptitously
text: } ! s Opena the map on his knee below the table. He whispers '
text: | ‘ to STRUTTER. We hear NAPOLEON droning on in the hackground '
dialog: ever more slowly. .
dialog: c Attila the Hun, § foot 1}...
text: : RANDALL pointa out of window, STRUTTER nods.
text: j ’ RAPOLZON is very drunk now. "wind protiens rack his hody ... '
dialog: , CUT to KSVIN, meen eress bat & little saddened, PAN round .
text: . faces of DWARVES .
dialog: 
dialog: Yoltaize | vee 3 soe 2... Cyrano de
dialog: 7 ws. 5... 34... Tamburleine
dialog: the Great ... 4 foot Sf ... and three
dialog: ‘ome QUarters ...
text: As we come on ¢ to RANDALL,. there is a thud, RANDALL looks up.
text: MAPCLEGH ‘bas finaly hit the table and passed out.
dialog: ; “ of us oo
dialog: . (with genuine admiration)
dialog: Wasn't he interesting .
text: ‘ KEVIN looks rather sad, WALLY makes a grab for ths brandy.
text: , RANDALL smacks his hand sharply.
speaker_heading: . RANDALL
dialog: . . There's no time for that ... I've
dialog: =~. - ‘+ »@heckad the map ... there should
dialog: = . be a time-hole outside ... you go
dialog: and check it Strutter ...
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: 
dialog: i . Right.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (aang wits map
dialog: _ Now. “See iole's here till 12.00
dialog: o'clock ... only ... after that
dialog: we're trapped ... 80 move it!
text: STRUTTER disappears through the door.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Vermin, Fidgit ... the tapestry ...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 28
dialog: Contiaued . 28
speaker_heading: . PIDGIT
dialog: (turns to lock at it) . '
dialog: Yes ... it’e superb isn’t it ... 1
dialog: Early 16th century?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Get it.
dialog: én _- Finerr ,
text: The BANDITS spring into action ... FIDGIT leaps on VERMIN'e : :
text: Shouldere, OG on FIDGIT’s and pulls down the tapestry.
text: They start to load the spoils into it.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN sqUAHe | NIGHT 30
text: CUT To the équare. STRUTTER, in his ridicalously ill-fitting
text: . uniform with lomg drooping tails emerges. trem a doorway.
text: GUARD shouts "Attention!" All the SOLDIZRS in the ares
text: snap to attention - including the relactant undressed
text: GENERALS. Making his way across the equare with as much
text: dignity as ‘possihle STHUTTER reaches the spot where the
text: hole should be. He checks the town hall clock. Taking
text: an unexploded cannon-hall he rolls it toward the hole, It
dialog: disappears. : a .
dialog: . ile suilea ia Satisfaction and locks ap. |
text: .: GOT to the town hall clock. A minute to midnight. He
dialog: * starte to walk hack acrose. the moonlit square with as much
dialog: speed, and, dignity, as he can muster,
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET BALL NIGHT 32
text: Back, in the hanqueting room. The walle have heen stripped
text: hare.and all the treasure gathered into ‘the tapestry.
text: OG goes across to the eleeping NAPOLEON, takes the rings off
text: one hand, then reaches for the other hand which NAPOLEON
text: has tucked in his tunic, and removes it. It turns ont to be
dialog: gold bee very precious. They unscrew it and drop it in the '
dialog: swag * . .
text: STRUTTER enters in agitation.
dialog: ‘Thirty eeconds! .
dialog: This galvanisee everyhody.
dialog: You found the hole?
dialog: 
dialog: +
speaker_heading: st
dialog: Revised 6.5.60 29
dialog: Continued , 32
speaker_heading: ‘ : STRUTTER
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Let's go...
text: OG and VERMIN and FIDGIT pull the swag.
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: How are we going to ...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: .) (to KEVIN)
dialog: C'mon ... don't just stand there.
dialog: Sta
dialog: 
text: They start to beave it out. KEVIN takes one last regretful
text: look at his pissed bero.
scene_heading: INT. ‘STAIRCASE = NIGHT . : 31a
text: The GANG drag their swag down the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE © NIGHT : 32
text: ; Tas GUARDS shout attention as STRUTTER appears at the doorway.
text: All the SOLDIZRY etiffens to attention. —
dialog: About turn! 7
dialog: 
text: ‘a the SOLDIERS turn away. ‘From the doorway comes the
text: dragging their swag. They make their way through the
text: ranks of SOLDIEHS' backs. One of ths undresssd GENERALS gets
text: suspicious and sneaks a hackwards glance. He begins to
text: shout orders to the TROOPS when he eees what's happening.
text: The GANG brsaks into s run. SOLDIERS make chase. The town
text: hall \dlock reads only. seconds fromthe deadline: The GANG
text: madly races for ths hole and, just as the clock strikes,
text: disappears.. Pursuing SOLDIERS leap for ths‘spot but,
text: nothing happens. ‘The GENERALS in the underwear madly
text: shout orders bnt the GANG and the goodies are gone. :
text: Suyseing SOLDIERS lsap canto a growing pile of bodies where .
dialog: @ hole was.
speaker_heading: _TIME/SPACE : ‘ 33
text: The GANG and their hag of swag tumble through blackness,
text: distorting, twisting, reforming as they fall.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD Day . ' 34
text: CUT TO a coach and pair flying through forest. me etyle is
dialog: mediaeval. Inside this conveyance, sit a well-
dialog: is
text: “dressed YOUNG MAN and a hreathlese YOUNG WOMAN. They are
text: trightfully British, .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ?
dialog: t
dialog: '
dialog: '
dialog: I
dialog: t
dialog: t
dialog: t
dialog: ‘
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 . 30 |
speaker_heading: ‘I
scene_heading: 35 «INT. COACH Day L . 35
speaker_heading: ‘ , PANSY
dialog: Siz Vincent, you came for me!
speaker_heading: VINCENT Lo
dialog: Good Mistress Pansy, 1 could not
dialog: have ridden faster; 4 horses have .
dialog: I exhausted this day from Nottingham. : \
speaker_heading: PANSY .
dialog: The crazy way you leapt up to my . )
dialog: chamber; so full of manliness.
speaker_heading: : ‘+ ‘VINCENT
dialog: . te seate scarce restrain the rushing
dialog: of.my feet.” Thess 12 long years -
dialog: ., be ‘been’ ‘Like ‘chains that bound ae.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: aoe PANST
dialog: Ang oe personal problems?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: : took; much “better. Now I eat only
dialog: , vegetables. Oh, my dearsst, nothing
dialog: . -can keep us apart now.
speaker_heading: PANSY .
dialog: It really is better is it?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Yee, honestly. Provided I don't
text: worry too much or become over-anxious.
speaker_heading: PANSY
text: . Cher lips finally closing’
dialog: . on his for the first time
dialog: in their 18 year old
dialog: . courtship)
dialog: Qh Sir Vincent ... you need have no
dialog: , ‘worriee now.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Anaagh! 2
text: With a rending crash 6 DWARVES end KSVIN, and a jangling bag
text: be Napoleonic swag, drop from the heavens, spricting the roof
dialog: @ coach
text: PANSY. screams.
dialog: —-——- +, .
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Bandits! Ob my God!!!
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: Wa've landed!
text: They flail about in the coach - ‘arms, legs, gold ebjeste
text: flying everywhere.
speaker_heading: —
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: Revised 6.5.30 31
dialog: Continued , =
dialog: .
speaker_heading: . VINCENT
dialog: Oh God, ay prohlem!
text: With a ripping of Zabric, the D¥ARVES and their hooty fall
text: through the back of the coach.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD Dar 36
text: ARVES, swag and all fly out. of the now madly swerving
text: qenoh ane tumble £2 a heap onto the floor of the forest glade.
text: The coach swings out of, control, does 2 figure of eight, -
text: then topples over eee, .
speaker_heading: RN
text: The DWARVES lie surrounded by the gold and Renaissance
text: masterpieces of their Napoleonic booty scattered amongst
text: them. VINCENT and PANSY climb out; they're looking a
text: dittle hattered and terrified of the GANG.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: My money .. quick! We must escape!
dialog: Help!
speaker_heading: PANSY :
dialog: (grabbing two hags
dialog: of money)
dialog: ‘try not to hecome over-anxious,
dialog: Vincent.
dialog: 
text: VINCENT, looking extremely over-anxious,' grabe PANSY, takee
text: ene lock at the supine gang,.and runs away up the track.
text: The DWARVES suddenly become aware of their success.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: + We-did it! We did it!
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: We did it ...
text: They pull themselves up and gambolabout dancing round their
text: = QOOty all talking at once in hreathless excitement.
dialog: Pantastio ... eh?
speaker_heading: ‘WALLY
dialog: Unbelievable ...
dialog: : o
dialog: We're the greatest ...
dialog: ud Revised 6.5.80 33
dialog: 36 Continued 36
speaker_heading: i . : STRUTTER
dialog: . (sadly)
dialog: “He used to work with us ...
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: i (emotionally)
dialog: One of the best.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: : (nodding thoughtfully)
dialog: Yeh, yeh ...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (breaking the mood)
dialog: t to join us ?
speaker_heading: ot le EWEN
dialog: Can. we really go anywhere .. at
dialog: . anytime-? .
dialog: You
speaker_heading: * RANDALL
dialog: You name-it. If it's down here ..
dialog: . (tapping map impressively)
dialog: 
dialog: How ?
dialog: io: vs RANDALL
dialog: Because ... this used to belong to
dialog: the Supreme Being
speaker_heading: e KEVIN
dialog: Yon stole it ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: . Well sort of .,. yon see, he was our
dialog: + employer ... '
speaker_heading: . (disbelief from KEVIN)
dialog: +» we helped to make all this -
dialog: (he indicates woodland -
text: KEVIN lecks round duly
dialog: impressed)
dialog: . Be'd to the big stuff ... good and evil,
dialog: night and day, men and women, ~ and
dialog: Phe os we did the trees ...
speaker_heading: KEVIN -
dialog: . (looking around at the
dialog: ; sylvan glade this idyllic’
dialog: i mediaeval afternoon)
dialog: @ That's not bad ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Exactly ... but did we get a thimbleful
dialog: of credit ? .
dialog: |
dialog: ry
dialog: ad
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 32
dialog: ! 36 Continued 36
speaker_heading: . RANDALL
dialog: Rang on! Hang on! “ He's a
dialog: kid ... he’s not one of us.
text: . . FIDGIT .
dialog: He knows an awful lot, Randall.
speaker_heading: | WALLY
dialog: And. he’s higger than any of us.
speaker_heading: . STRUTTER
dialog: We always need another pair of hands,
dialog: | Randall’... especially with Horseflesh
dialog: They all pause a Something: painful has just been mentioned.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: “Horseflesh ?
speaker_heading: “O
dialog: Revised 6.5.30 334
dialog: 36 Continned : 36
text: The GANG shakes heads, all except VERMIN who's eating.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Oh no ... all we got was the sack ..
dialog: for creating the Pink Bunkadoo.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: The Pink Bunk A Doo 7?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Yeah ... lovely tree, Og designed it ..
text: six hundred feet high, bright red ..
dialog: and smelt barat .-
text: VERMIN helches loudly,” oS" pours wine over his bead. VERMIN
text: growls. The two of then have a playful punch-ap.
speaker_heading: . RANDALL
dialog: Well,’ as a discipiiaazy measure we
text: wers sent down to the Repairs Department.
dialog: You see, he'd just created evil and was
dialog: having a hit of.a prohlem with it, so
dialog: the fabrio of the Universe was sort of
dialog: botched up to he quite frank. Yon see
dialog: Kevin ...
dialog: (He becomes serious and
dialog: See eet ee a
dialog: «+» there are holes in it ...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Holes ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Yes ... holes in Time and Space.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Cor!
speaker_heading: . RANDALL
dialog: That's where this comes in .. it's
dialog: the map of all the holes ... see ...
dialog: once we had the map we knew we were onto
dialog: a winner. Why repair the holes ?
dialog: Why not use them... to get stinking rich ... ?
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: Yeah ... here's to heing stinking rich!
dialog: BZere's to crime!
text: He raises his bottle. The others echo the toast and hold
dialog: ont the goblets, or in some cases anything they can find ...
text: helmets, shakos, hoots, etc.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 6.5.80
dialog: 36 Continued
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: And here's to Kevin ...
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: Yeah ... Kevin...
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Yeah ... stinking Kevin ..
speaker_heading: . ALL
dialog: Kevin ... Kevin ...
speaker_heading: 33B
dialog: 36
text: KEVIN looks round with a flush of excitement, then delves in his
dialog: heg and produces bis camera. |
speaker_heading: . EEVIN
dialog: Hey! * Hold it there!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 34
dialog: Continued | a6
text: Tasy all stand glasses raised ... RANDALL with the map.
text: Various mutters and jokes from the group.
text: ESVIN points the camera.
speaker_heading: XSvIn
dialog: Smile ... !
dialog: This instruction has awful and truly grotesque effects -
text: a wondrous selection of leers and grimaces, as they all
text: try to leak their heet. The phote is taken. Much cheering.
text: They all cluster round the camera. .
text: Snddeniy there is an ear-eplitting scream from up the track.
dialog: vee it’s PANSY, :
speaker_heading: . PANSY
dialog: Help! Robbers! ...
speaker_heading: ‘ 2 OG
dialog: That's us. seed
dialog: Another scream - ‘Help!‘
speaker_heading: | RANDALL
dialog: Someone's in trouble - come on!
text: The hand pick up their swag and run off up the track.
dialog: 
dialog: 37
text: . CUP TO the DWARVES and KEVIN arriving at a glade just in time
text: te see that VINCENT and PANSY have been tied to a tree and
text: @ group of EVIL MEN are stripping them of their monsy,
text: bracelets, his fine jacket, eto.
text: The DWARVES look on in admiration from the cover of eome trees.
speaker_heading: STROTTER
dialog: Now those are our sort of people! -
text: The HOBBERS finish their depredation and make off witb much
text: evil chucklings and spitting at the feet of VINCENT and PANSY.
speaker_heading: . WALLY
dialog: Yeah ... not bad are they ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Come on!
text: The DWARVES emerge from their hiding place as PANSY cries one
dialog: Last desperate 'Helpi'
dialog: 
dialog: —.
dialog: 
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 
text: The DWARVES are following the ROBBERS as stealthily as
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 35
dialog: Continned 37
speaker_heading: . PANSY
speaker_heading: . (to VINCENT)
dialog: , At last! Someone's coming!
text: The DWARVES rush past them and off in pursuit of the ROBBERS.
speaker_heading: PANSY
dialog: Help! I say! I say! My fiance
dialog: and I wonld care for some help.
speaker_heading: VINCENT 7
dialog: Oh no... I cam feel it... I can
dialog: feel the problem again.
text: oo PANSY .
dialog: Don't worry about anything.
speaker_heading: a VINCENT
dialog: Frait ... I must have fruit.
text: There is a thunderclap. It starts to rainon them. Quite
dialog: heavily. .
scene_heading: ExT. ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST DAY : 338
dialog: they
text: ean, hut they lose them. Then KEVIN stops and points. .
speaker_heading: . KEVIN
dialog: Look! There's their camp!
text: Sure enough there is noise and the smoke from cooking fires.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Good lad ... Kevin ... right, let's
dialog: get in there.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: What ? In the camp ?
speaker_heading: “RANDALL
dialog: Yeah ...
dialog: (indicates hooty)
dialog: They're thieves in there ... they could
dialog: give us a few tips where the action is
dialog: around here.
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: . I don't like it... let's go home.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Don't be so wet! Come on...
dialog: Cy
dialog: 38
dialog: ‘Revised 24.4.80 38
dialog: Cootinued : 33
text: RANDALL walks anthoritatively off. They haven't goce a
text: pace hefore they tread all unawares upoo carefully laid
text: soares and within an instant they are all whisked up co |
text: reges and left dangling upside down from the hranch of a
text: trea, As they swing (somewhat chasteced hy this turn of
dialog: events) we see a group of most extraordioarily desperately
text: scarred and evil MEN in rough mediaeval garb emerge from
text: the ambush. They approach the dangliog DWARVES ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (to WALLY hanging heside
dialog: him)
dialog: Leave this to me, Wally.
speaker_heading: . / WALLY
dialog: . (suddenly scared stiff)
dialog: What “o we do 7
speaker_heading: . RANDALL
dialog: Just treat them right ... that's all ..
text: RANDALL's wpaide-down Pov of the revolting ROBBER as he
text: approaches.
text: RANDALL addresses him.
speaker_heading: 4 RANDALL
dialog: What do you want, you tatty old scumbag ?
speaker_heading: ROBBER LEADER
dialog: (spits out viciously)
dialog: Your husiness ... gobface ?
speaker_heading: . RANDALL
dialog: Rokbers ...
scene_heading: . ROBBER LEADER
dialog: Zillainous rokhers ... ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: The worst ...
speaker_heading: ROBBER LEADER
dialog: Stop at nothing ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Nothing ...
speaker_heading: ROBBER LEADER
text: Steal the cup from the heggar's hands ..
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Qf course ...
dialog: 
dialog: ‘
dialog: ,
dialog: '
dialog: 38
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 37/38
dialog: 
dialog: Continued . 38
scene_heading: . ROBBER LEADER
dialog: Test from blind old ladies ...
speaker_heading: , . RANDALL
dialog: Rather!
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Toys from babies ...
speaker_heading: : RANDALL
dialog: Whenever we can ...
speaker_heading: ROBBER LEADER
dialog: Rigor. ses let them down ...
text: The GANG are lowered ‘rather sharply to the ground. They
dialog: pick themselves up.
dialog: You’ ‘Loeked a& horrible lot, but we
dialog: can never be sure.
speaker_heading: : RANDALL
dialog: Thanks, trotber ...
text: The GANG begin to gather up the swag. The ROBBERS are
text: mightily impressed ... all except one who is eyeing KEVIN
text: wuspiciously.
dialog: i. Revised 28.4.30 : 38
dialog: ‘or . 38 © Contdoued : 38
speaker_heading: : ROBBER Z
dialog: A . Rey! Leok at this one ... He -
dialog: . leoks « hit clean to me. .
speaker_heading: : FIDGIT |
dialog: ' No... mo... d¢'@ & skin complaint ...
speaker_heading: ' . ROBBER 2
dialog: ! 3 He looks « bit honest too.
speaker_heading: 1 ROBBER LEADER
dialog: Ts he ?
speaker_heading: ; oe FIDGIT
dialog: , Honest! ... Bim? ... OR ... MO ..,
dialog: . BO eee
text: : as ROBBER 3 approaches ‘threateningly, RANDALL motions to | ~~
text: ' WALLY and after a hit of subtle eyework, WALLY slips
text: unobtrusively round hehind ROBBER 3.
speaker_heading: ROBEER 3 :
dialog: (leering thresteningly
dialog: : ‘ever nearer to Kevin)
dialog: Nine fresh face ... eh ... doean't . Be
dialog: ‘ look as though that little face ae
dialog: haa knows muck evil ... eh?
text: a | XBVIN looks very frightaned. ‘The OTHER ROBBERS tura to
dialog: : a See what's going on eo .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ROBBER 3
dialog: 2 oe ae . (who is like all of
dialog: = them, scarred xod
dialog: te 2 . grubby of countenance)
dialog: toe i think this happy little visage
dialog: sos ought to look 2 little more lived
dialog: . dn... eh, boys ... 2? T mean
dialog: rogues should look like rogues, J
dialog: . MBA Sa :
text: 4 tension mounts ROBBER 3 reaches for the dagger that hangs
text: ia.a small e@heath at his side. ds he does sc, WALLY, with :
text: wellepractised exill, removee the dagger swiftly and quite :
dialog: uunoticeably trom the sheath. a
text: ROSEER 3 grabs the dagger but finds himself holding thin
text: 7 adc. He turas with a frown to see where it ig. WALLY Blips
text: deftly to the other side of him nae as he's turned away
dialog: @lipe the dagger into KEVIN's band!
dialog: 
dialog: re
speaker_heading: xevix
dialog: (dagenuously)
dialog: Ta this yours ... ?
text: He holds the dagger out. ‘There i9 a pause, then everyone
text: . roars with laughter ... ROBBER 3 looks very pissed off. He
text: greta his knife heck and takes a swipe at KEVIN.
dialog: a7
speaker_heading: 338
dialog: ” Revised 24.4.80 40
dialog: Continued
dialog: 3
dialog: . Little thief ... !
text: Much laughter. OG and FIDGIT exchange a smile, the
text: eemesphere is back to cordiality.
speaker_heading: ROBBER LEADER
dialog: Come on ... we'll take you into the
dialog: camp ... @at .., drink ... meet our
dialog: leader ...
speaker_heading: ‘ ALL
dialog: Qur leader ... cur leader ... !
dialog: (a little anxiously as they
dialog: “ly gqve off)
dialog: You're not ... the leader ?
scene_heading: te ROBBER LEADER
dialog: Me ....0 ... nO... I'm just sort
dialog: of a front man, you know ... mo..
dialog: yor haven't seen nothing till you've
dialog: seen him...
text: RANDALL looks a little unnerved.
dialog: 
dialog: (guardedly)
dialog: Oh. |,
speaker_heading: ROBBER LEADER
dialog: (sinisterly)
dialog: Don't worry ... he'll like yon ...
dialog: when he sees what you've stolen ...
dialog: you'll be blue-eyed boys ...Come on!
text: RANDALL is a little chuffed by this and allows himsel?
text: a look of modest ‘pride. The GANG follows, dragging their
dialog: swag...
scene_heading: EXT. BANDITS’ HIDEAWAY Day
text: 4 few rough tents as of a somadic band. Many more evil
text: looking CHARACTERS are there, fighting and having SP: spitting
dialog: competitions . ail rather unpleasant. One MAN
text: wrestles ANOTSER and his arm comes off, ‘mach Laughter. Ea
text: drops a onto a pile and shouts:
speaker_heading: ABM WRESTLER
dialog: Come on you lot ... I like a challenge!
text: The eax enters the compound amid shouts of ‘Who's this?"
text: etc. and are marched up to the main tent ...
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 40a
dialog: Continued * 39
dialog: .
speaker_heading: ROBBER LEADER
dialog: Wait. I'll tell him you're here ..
text: He goes into the tent. A pause, then a tall rather well-
text: weaning chap in Lincoln Green appears. KEVIN registers
text: him immediately, his eyes light up and his mouth falls cpen.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: “4
dialog: ,
dialog: )
speaker_heading: “42
dialog: Continued 39
scene_heading: . . ROBIN HOOD
dialog: . (approaching Randali,
text: baad extended. He looks
dialog: and speaks rather like
dialog: the Duke of Kent)
dialog: Hello, I'm Hood ...
dialog: (audging Fide Pidgit)
dialog: It's Robin Hood!
text: The DWARF BANDITS lock rather unimpressed by this lean and
dialog: stooping twit. .
scene_heading: at ‘ ROBBER LEADER
dialog: ‘oye weliizg at them)
dialog: Say one acd Morning" ... you scum!
text: Such is the ‘dntimideting force of bis yell that they all
dialog: immediately south their Good Mornings ...
speaker_heading: . ROBIN
dialog: Robbers: I gather ... ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: ‘The best...
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Ok, jolly good ... we need chape
dialog: like you all the time ... Struck
dialog: lucky have you? .
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (over bisa shoulder)
dialog: Strutter, Wally ... ?
text: The two of them come forward with the haul and lay it down.
text: They drop the edges of the cloth and stand around it.
text: RANDALL eyes ROBIN 0D with deziant pride.
dialog: What an incredible haul nee
text: RANDALL positively glows. <XEVIN looks very chuffed and
dialog: hopes be will catch his bero's eye.
speaker_heading: . ROBIN
dialog: aoe I mean I've been-in robbing
dialog: for years ... but I've never seen
dialog: . like this ... and you
dialog: acquired all this. by jourselves one @
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I-say! This is all wonderful ...
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 8.5.30 42
dialog: : 38 Continued : 39
text: The DWARVES aod, f4t to burst.
speaker_heading: ROBIN .
dialog: Well .. what sort of period is
dialog: this .,. Roman ?
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: Napoleonic, siz,
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: t neg reas pardon ?
speaker_heading: a RANDALL
dialog: . Ee; yes, «+s. Roman, sir.
speaker_heading: ‘ROBIN
dialog: Some of. it's solid gold. .
dialog: RANDALL ewalls ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Yea it is nice, isn't it.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: . Abaolatsly ... thank you very very much.
dialog: 
text: Ths grins turn to puzzled frowus from all bar 0G, who is
text: Still grinaiag beatifically.
text: “ROBIN calls to a dark-browed NEANDERTHAL TEUG.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Nigel @ Will you get the poor in
dialog: please ...
text: NIGEL goes off, be
speaker_heading: ROBIN :
dialog: Now lat me see... a
dialog: " . Hs starta to sort through the treasure ..., throwing the
text: 2 Beading Ril 8 objects cato various piles,
dialog: 
dialog: 39
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 428
dialog: Continued 39
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: That's good ... that's good ... that's
dialog: - good ..
text: Se picks up a Titian nude.
dialog: That's no good....
text: He flings it away onto a bonfire and picks up a Rubens.
dialog: That's mo good ...
text: ‘He throws it away-and picks up a Tintoretto.
dialog: That's no. good’...
text: He flings the priceless Tintorettos onto the fire with a
text: splintering and ripping of canvas.
speaker_heading: . ROBIN
dialog: That's good ... oh this will be such
dialog: a help in our work,
dialog: 
dialog: } Revised 28.4.80 43
dialog: } 39
dialog: Continued . 39
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: do you want a receipt ... ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL .
dialog: That's ours, we atnle that ...
speaker_heading: . ROBIN
dialog: T know, and believe me the poor
dialog: _ Will bs terribly grateful ...
scene_heading: . ROBBER LEADER
dialog: ‘tes specially with Christmas coming
dialog: ap, Robia
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Look that belongs tn us... !
text: ROBERR | [LEADER and TWO SEAVIES block RANDALL's path as he
text: starts farward.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: "The | GANG's protests die in their throats as they see xIckLh
text: organieing a line of poor PEASANTS who are each given one
text: of the GANG's treasures.
speaker_heading: ROBBER LEADER
text: (whacking 1ST POOR MAN on head)
dialog: Say ‘thank you'....
speaker_heading: 1ST POOR MAN
dialog: (¢latching solid gold bust
dialog: af Emperor Tiberius)
dialog: Thank yan.
speaker_heading: 2ND POOR MAN
dialog: (filing past)
speaker_heading: ’ ‘ROBIN
dialog: Will you stay and help ns ia our
dialog: work ... There's so much tn do ...
text: KEVIN's eyes light op ...
speaker_heading: . KEVIN
dialog: Oc, I'd like tn stay.
text: ROBIN turns to him. .
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: And who are you?
dialog: Vs
dialog: ee |
dialog: mf
dialog: +
dialog: cee getone sue eee semanas
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 44
dialog: 39 Cootioued ‘ 39
dialog: This is a great momect for KEVIN. He's just about to say
text: somethiog to his hero, when RANDALL pulls him away.
speaker_heading: : . RANDALL
dialog: Come on ... we're leaving!
text: They turn away and with as much dignity as possible, RANDALL
text: leads his MEN off. Some of them cast loogicg glances back
text: at the rapidly re-distributiog wealth.
speaker_heading: . ROBIN
dialog: . Cealls)”
dialog: Thank yout. .
speaker_heading: ‘RANDALL
dialog: (between gritted teeth
dialog: . : . and without turoicg)
dialog: It he says “thank you” coce again,
dialog: T'll will him...
scene_heading: 40 EXT. FOREST GLADE EVENING 40
text: A fork of lighteniog cracks across a darkeoing, wild,
text: forbidding sky. Rain pours down. The atmosphere is
text: suddenly very differeot. It is dark and dangerous.
dialog: and a storm is brewing... the GANG are strung cot sicgle
text: file. They have to shoot to make themselves heard as they
text: straggle back.
text: Ag they emerge into 2 glade there are VINCENT and PANSY,
text: ecaked to the skin, still lashed to the tree. | EX-HONKS
text: are robhicg the couple of their last beloogicgs.
text: The DWARVES ignore the wretched COUPLE.
dialog: ‘We are got & charity organisation ...
dialog: We're thieves!
dialog: eould at 1 e
dialog: We at least have stayed
dialog: and talked
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (pathetically)
dialog: Excuse me! Excuse me !
speaker_heading: PANSY -
dialog: Don't. worry about a thiog, darliog.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: |
dialog: )
dialog: 40 Continued
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 — 444
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: XEVIN
dialog: I'll never get a chance to meet
dialog: Robin Hood again ...
speaker_heading: . '' RANDALL
dialog: Stop moaning! He's obviously a
dialog: dangerous man, unbalanced if you ask
dialog: me... giving away what isn't even bis!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: That's what Robin Hood always did...
dialog: T knew that...
dialog: (savagely)
dialog: Oh of course you know it all...
dialog: Revised 8.5.80 | 45
dialog: Continued -
speaker_heading: . STRUTTER
dialog: . Leave him alene, Randall ...
scene_heading: 404 EXT. ROCKY STREAM EVENING
text: RANDALL turns on the others. Confrontation in the rain ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Well, it makes me sick! Anyone
dialog: who's Slvays right makes me sick.
speaker_heading: PIDGIT
dialog: That'e why ‘you Set on with yoursel!
dialog: so webl ree .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Watch it
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: Horeetleeh wouldn't have got us
dialog: iato thie. :
dialog: Sorecfiesh: is dead.
speaker_heading: STRUTTZR
dialog: Give me the map Randall, I'm taking
dialog: over ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: . You're not.
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: lam
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: Give it to him.
speaker_heading: . WALLY
dialog: Give it te me ... I'm taking over!
speaker_heading: : RANDALL
dialog: Leave it!
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: iim taking over.
speaker_heading: . ALL
dialog: I'm taking over!
text: Punches are thrown, as they all try to grab the map, they
text: fall into a fight. XEVIN triee unsucceesiully to part them,
text: but they are into a full-blooded punch-up. KEVIN suddenly
text: stops aware that the rain hag leseened. He etands aside
text: from the fighting BAND. A cold wind blows suddenly. KEVIN
text: Looks a little frightened. ‘The wind increases. The DWARVES
text: fight. THE PICTURE WORBLES.
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: 404
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 41
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 46
scene_heading: INT. EVIL GENIUS’ GRoTTO NIGHT 41
text: We PULL BACX tn reveal that the GANG'e image ie now seen tn
text: he in a watery pnnl somewhere in a dank, dripping stare
text: chamber. Canihalistin eymbosl are just vieihle on the massive
text: stnne columns from the slimy flnnr. In heavy sinister
text: shadows a hlack ehape etands watching. This is EVIL
text: (Arthur G. Evil). Behind him ie a cluster af shapes:
scene_heading: MR. BAXI-BRAZILIA III, BENSON, ROBERT and CARTWRIGHT, and
text: two SMALL UNIDENTIFIABLE SHAPES.
text: Evil laughter from them all.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: Sn theee are the sart nf people the:
dialog: Supreme Being has canjured intn
dialog: existence.
text: Laughter from hebind.
dialog: Look’ at them .. I wonldn'’t trust them
dialog: to wipe their own anges ...
text: Laughter. Encouraged hy the ready syanphentic response
text: he half. turns tn & monstrous aseistant, BAXI-BRAZILIA IIT.
dialog: Wonld yon ...
dialog: B.8.11T
dialog: ‘No .. on @ir ... much.teo difficult
dialog: for them.
dialog: " Laugis ar.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: What sort nf ‘Supreme Being’ creates
dialog: such riff-raff ?
speaker_heading: “s B.B. IIT
text: (jnining in the banter now,
text: unaware that EVIL is unpredictahly
dialog: moody )
dialog: Re cnuldn't even finish you properly,
dialog: anuld he, Evil One ?
text: EVIL turns sharply. . Eyes hlaze. He raises a hand.
text: There is a sharp report, a crack and a hiss and the hapless
text: B.B.III ends ap in a little smouldering pile.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: ‘Don't ever speak tn me like that. .
dialog: No-one finishes ne! T am Evil, Evil
dialog: exieted lnng hefare geod. T cannot
dialog: ever be “made” and I cannnt ever he
dialog: “unmade” ...! Tam ail powerful.
dialog: ee eee ~— —
dialog: i
dialog: cv) Revised 28.4.80 47
dialog: vn 41 Continued 41
scene_heading: ’ . CaRTWRIGET
dialog: j (helpfully)
dialog: ' But why, in that case, are you unable
dialog: ) | to escape from this place ?
text: ! EVIL whips round, raises hand, zaps CARTWRIGHT horribly.
dialog: 4
text: : He twists, writhes and screams hideously, and dies.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: Geod question. Why do I let the Supreme
dialog: Being imprieon me here in the Fortress of
dialog: Ultimate Darkness when I am all powerful ?
dialog: ; _ | THE SMALL DARK SHAPE
dialog: pot . (urgently)
dialog: : Sir ... Sir...)
speaker_heading: . EVIL
dialog: Because I will not be created on
dialog: ro: his terms ... to fit neatly into
dialog: 1 his world-plan .. a hit of good,
dialog: a hit of evil :.. a few sheep ..
dialog: ' ‘ : a few cows. No! Wo...
dialog: . that's not the sort of world real Evil
dialog: a should he seen dead in.
dialog: \ , ' .
text: THE SMALL DARK SHAPE
dialog: , (more urgently)
dialog: \ . Master ... master ...
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: (with supreme and sibilant
dialog: scorn)
dialog: What eort of soft hrain creates littls
text: wriggly fish ... and hirds with pink legs ..
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Cuncomprebendingly)
dialog: . Yeah ... it's terrible really ...
dialog: ' THE SMALL DARK SHAPE
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: (warming to his theme)
dialog: And what does he call those slimey hlack
dialog: things ...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Slugs ? .
dialog: )
dialog: Nad
speaker_heading: S
dialog: or
dialog: 41
dialog: 
dialog: Continued
dialog: Much heavy
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 48
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: Slugs! That's it.
dialog: . (almost inccherent with
dialog: contempt)
dialog: He “created” slugs. He decided that
dialog: there should he upon the face of this
text: earth small, sticky, slimey, sightless,
text: inedible black lumps. They can't speak,
dialog: they can't hear, they can't operate
dialog: machinery. I mean are we not in the
dialog: hands of a lunatio ? Mmm ?
text: nodding from his intellectually minimal subordinates.
dialog: 
dialog: e+» I mean, I would have started with
dialog: lasers ... I mean that would have heen
text: 8 o'élock on Day One.
speaker_heading: ‘ROBERT
dialog: I can't wait for the new technological
dialog: dawn. -
scene_heading: '" HORSEFLESH (THE SMALL DARK SHAPE)
text: (pointing excitedly into
dialog: the pool)
dialog: Sir... sir ... the Map!
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: (dramatic moment)
dialog: The Map ?!!
speaker_heading: EORSEFLESH
dialog: Those are the ones who have the Map!
speaker_heading: EVIL,
dialog: (suddenly impressed)
dialog: Them! Are you sure ? os
speaker_heading: HORSEFLESHE
dialog: Oh yes, great and Evil One ... I worked
dialog: with them ... I know ...
speaker_heading: : EVIL
dialog: IZ you are wrong, Horseflesh, my revenge
dialog: will be slow aad unpleasant. I will turn
dialog: you inside out over a very long period...
speaker_heading: HORSEFLESH
dialog: That is the map sir ...
dialog: _- — — —
dialog: 
dialog: Oe ~ -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 49
dialog: Cootioued.
speaker_heading: . EVIL
dialog: Yery well tben. They must be
dialog: brought to our fortress. What
dialog: motivatee such “buman” detritus as these ?
speaker_heading: _ HORSEFLESE
dialog: Gread sir ...
speaker_heading: 5 SVIL
dialog: Greed yes ... Beoson ... show me the
dialog: weakest brained of this ecruffy band ..
speaker_heading: : , BENSON
dialog: Yee... Master...
text: He turng to a wheel. : EVIL turns and etaree tote the pool ...
text: the picture closes in on OG as BENSON turns the wheel.
text: They're all wet and cross.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: Stand by tor mind control.
scene_heading: ERT. ROCEY STREAM = EVENING E 42
speaker_heading: RANDALL
speaker_heading: (to KEVIN) .
dialog: All right ... all rigbt ... we'll
dialog: go to the future ..
speaker_heading: KEVIN .
dialog: Gesat ... it'll be brilliant ... honestly.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Tt can't be worse than this.
dialog: Everyone agree ?
dialog: All nod ... except Og.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: No ... T got an idea core
text: They all turn oo the usually amiable, taciturn and tooocantly
dialog: dim little 0G.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Who aaid that ? - 2
speaker_heading: “ae OG
text: (his mouth movee strangely,
text: as if bis braio is being .
dialog: manipulated by an outer force)
dialog: T got an idea forming ... im my bead.
dialog: cae ee oie
dialog: '
dialog: !
dialog: 4
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: 424
speaker_heading: 4238
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 50
dialog: Continued . 42
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: You haven't bad an idea for tbounands
dialog: of years ...
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: There is a place where we could find
dialog: the greatest thing a man could want ..
dialog: the goal of everybody'e bopes and
dialog: dreams ..
dialog: .
speaker_heading: * RANDALL :
dialog: What are you talking about ? :
dialog: .. OG
dialog: The Most Fabulous Object in the Yorld ..
text: They all look interested.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: That sounds good!
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: ‘(breaking in)
dialog: Hold on!!! We want bard casb, not
text: some airy-fairy crock of gold nonsense ..
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: It-might be worth a try, Randall.
scene_heading: INT. EVIL GENIUS' GROTTO NIGHT 424
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: ‘They're hooked ... greedy little fish.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY STREAM EVENING 428
text: OG's strange voice does bave a sort of bypnotic effect on
text: the DWARVES. KEVIN notices this.
dialog: (quickly) ‘
dialog: No ... 20 ... let's go into the Future ..
dialog: and see all tbe things they haven't
dialog: invented yet ... Everything'1ll be
dialog: new and brilijant ... ! Robots and
dialog: laser beams and ~
text: CUT FROM CLOSE UP of KEVIN to .
dialog: 
dialog: \/
dialog: -—————_
dialog: Revieed 28.4.80 52
scene_heading: 43 INT. EVIL GENIUS’ GROTTO NIGHT : 43
text: EVIL in his lair.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: Who is this ?
speaker_heading: HORSEFLESH
dialog: I don't know, Evil One, I've never
dialog: seen him before...
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: He ‘is soronnes than the rest, who
dialog: ig he?
speaker_heading: HORSEYLESE
dialog: T don ‘e. . know ...
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: I'm s-lesiag them ... I'm losing them...
dialog: He'e breaking the thoughtwaves ...
scene_heading: 40x, moeer sma EVENING 44
text: Back to the DWARVES... the wind has etarted again. The
dialog: elements are getting angry ... the eun ie just sinking
text: below the horizon.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: (etdll in his strange
dialog: voice)
dialog: Come with me...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Please «+. let's try the future ...
dialog: know we'll find everything there ...
speaker_heading: OG
speaker_heading: NO woe MO vee
speaker_heading: _ RANDALL
speaker_heading: (to KEVIN)
dialog: You'd better be right ... come on ...
scene_heading: 444° rwr. EVIL GENTUS’ GROTTO NIGET 444
speaker_heading: BVIL
dialog: Damn ... damn ... the human element ..
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 44B
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Revised 28.4.80 S1A
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY STREAM EVENING a 445
text: . KEVIN.
dialog: ae against the
dialog: win
dialog: Where's the hole ?-
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (trying to hold the
dialog: fluttering map eteady)
dialog: It's over there ... see those two
text: heeches ... next to that glow...
dialog: well, the one oo the right ...
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: ‘8 (looking up)
dialog: Glow ? .
speaker_heading: , . ‘PIDGIT
dialog: It's BTM!
speaker_heading: - WALLY
dialog: He's found us again!
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: We're’ done for!
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Quick, make for the hole! ..
dialog: Make for the hole.
text: The glow comes swirling towards them. The wind howls. Trees
text: and hushes are ripped up and thrown through the air, as the GANG
text: dodges and weaves towards the hole. KEVIN is well ahead of
text: the others. The glow hegins to coalesce into the shape of
text: the SUPREME BEING.
text: KEVIN reaches one of the holes.
dialog: xsvin
dialog: . C'mon!
text: He helps the others dive into the hole and then, takiog one
text: last look back at the fearsome ehape of the SUPREME BEING,
text: he dives ioto the hole and is gone.
dialog: Bee
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 $2
scene_heading: EXT LONDON 2076 DAY
text: The CAMERA PANS DOWN through an amazingly sleek, crystalline
text: futuristic building. Transpnrt tubes silently zip people
text: across the open spaces. Greenery tumbles from balcnnies.
dialog: This is Utopia incarnate. .
text: Suddenly there ‘ts a crashing nf glass off screen.
text: gigantic arm and leg fall intn shot. The CAMERA punts BACK
text: to reveal 2 jumbled heap nf DWARVES and KEVIN lying in the
text: middle of what we can now see is an elabnrate architectural
text: model. It is in a large glass cage arcund which stand several
text: nurious PASSERS-3Y. A glittering sign above the case annnunces
dialog: "Ynur City in the 2080's", “Forward with the Progressive
text: Party”. As the GANG scrambles nut of the display case and
dialog: dashes for cover, we sec. the real world,
text: It isa grin, grey, metallic landscape nf tubes, conduits,
text: and rusty steel supports. This world looks much like 2
text: gas works. The few PEOPLE on the street all wear identical
text: Metallic nese guards. They all push metal supermarket
text: sbnpping carts with little or nothing in them. A few neon
text: signs splutter and try tn stay glowing. Steam escapes
text: from broken pipes and the ndd electrical cnnnectinn shorts
text: and sparks unattended by any caring technician. Litter
dialog: blows around,
dialog: Having decided that ‘ ehey bave not been fnllowed, the GANG
text: slowly emerge from their biding place and stand silently
dialog: taking in this technological wilderness.
speaker_heading: ’ RANDALL
dialog: ‘Oh this 1s marvellous. I'm glad we
dialog: ha came here.
speaker_heading: = SEVIN
dialog: Tt can't be gil like this.
text: KEVIN stnps a PASSER-BY who bas a model dump truck nn a lead.
text: He seems tn de taking the truck .which is loaded with 2 brown
text: substahce..out for a ‘walk.
dialog: ‘Excuse me .. where is this please ?
speaker_heading: PASSER-3Y
text: (staring at him uncomfortably)”
dialog: What are yon doing ?
speaker_heading: xEVIN
dialog: What ? " .
speaker_heading: PASSER-8Y
text: (indicating nose incredulously) .
dialog: ' Way aren't you wearing your shield ?
text: The truck is snuffling around OG's feet ~ emitting little beeps.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 45
dialog: Bevised 28.4.80 83
dialog: Continued . 48
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: We haven't got one ...
speaker_heading: PASSER-BY
dialog: Are you mad .?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Look, we just want to know where ..
text: PASSER-BY looks at RANDALL and takes in some amazement as
text: . he sees that he, too, has no nose~guard.
scene_heading: | | PASSER~BY
dialog: 5 (2lustered)
dialog: What ?-
dialog: Just.tell us what city this is,
dialog: ’ please...
text: Ee looks up and down the street furtively.
speaker_heading: : PASSER-BY
dialog: London ... this week, Tokyo next
dialog: week ..
text: (he starts to go .
text: polling truck away with .
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: and what year is it ?
speaker_heading: 2 PASSER-8T
dialog: What year ? What year 7 oes Er,
dialog: just a minute...
text: Ze reveals an enormous wrist watch calculator and presses
text: hattons ... the dumper truck.is back snuffling around OG's
dialog: feet ... after ‘much ado ...
dialog: The year ia 1806.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: 
dialog: No it isn't.
dialog: '
speaker_heading: PASSER-BY
dialog: Changs it a bit)
dialog: No, that bit never works very well....
dialog: I can tell you how many days your
dialog: grandmother's heen alive if you tell
dialog: me bow tall she is ?
dialog: evaaeu 6.5.04 oe
dialog: 48 Continued 45
text: As be han been talking the dump truck has deposited its load
text: of brown mush right on OG's foot. .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: , KEVIN
dialog: ef . . (trying to attract
dialog: , PASSER-BY'a attention ) se
dialog: Rave they got rocksts ... cut to the 25
dialog: ' planets ?
speaker_heading: PASSER-BY
dialog: i Buh ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (pushing KEVIN back)
dialog: Never mind that. Can you tell us
dialog: where the banks are ?
text: ] A siren starts up.. >>
speaker_heading: Co _ “ SHOUT OFF
speaker_heading: 4 O4t
scene_heading: 1 Ss PASSER~BY
dialog: : Oh, oh.- 1
text: He vanishes. ,
dialog: 3 . ; . . OG :
dialog: . fi . (noticing muck on shee)
dialog: “A Oh... beh !
text: The MAN is gone ... two UNIFORMED MEN. with nese guards rush
text: ‘up. They wear clear plastic bohhy helmets inside of which
text: . bine revolving lights flash. From the speakers on their
text: , Ghest equipment the siren sounds. Before the DWARVES can
text: ¢@o anything, the UNIFORMED MEN shout "Get ‘am". . They grab
text: re OG who hw been trying to shake the mck off his foot, and
text: | ram him up against the wall, then bang him on the nose quite
text: sharply. OG holds his nose, and yells.
speaker_heading: RANDALL :
dialog: ‘Come on! - Back to the hole! a
dialog: He tuna .off. we, Ee ° :
speaker_heading: UNIFORMED MEN
dialog: Agd the others!
text: One MAN runs and grabs RANDALL, and bita him on’ the nose.
text: OTHER UNIFORMED MAN grabs VERMIN and lines him up.
text: OG kneeis behind him and VERMIN pushes. MAN falis ..
text: but graba VERMIN with his foot ... they line him up.
text: Suddenly PASSERS BY come fleeing past. The helpful
text: PASSER BY shouts: "Fire!"
text: ®@ Tse POLICE are poised in mid-strike, when a glowing hall
text: ; of brilijance comes round the corner towards them.
text: They take one look and drop the DWARVES, who they're
text: bolding ‘halt way up the wali, The glow materialises.
dialog: a nee te — en em
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: Revised 6.5.80 ‘ S4A
dialog: Continued : 45
text: The POLICE are poised in mid-strike, when a glowing hall of
text: brilliance comes round the corner towards them. They take
text: one look and drop the DWARVES, who they're holding haltway
text: up the wall. The glow materialises.
text: The wind hegins to roar.
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: He's followed us!
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Come ont Let's get out of here!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (in anguish aa he runs)
dialog: I'm sorry ... I thought it would he
dialog: better than this ...
speaker_heading: J PIDGIT
dialog: I want. to surrender ... .
dialog: The othere drag him along.:
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (reading map)
dialog: “mere! s a hole over there ... under
dialog: the clock ..
dialog: 45
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 ‘ $8/86/57
dialog: Continued
text: The wind howls. Signs crash down. Debris flies. KEVIN
text: is already sprinting fur the hole beneath the clnck. It is
text: a hngh digital clock with flip-over numbere, It detaches
text: itself? from the wall and crashes tn the ground. The numeral
text: Panels flapping madly around cause the clock to leap and
text: clatter in the path of the GANG. KEVIN avoids the tangle
text: and rushes ahead. The swirling glow behind them coalesces
text: dato the shape of the SUPREME BEING. His vnics rings out:
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: Stop! I demand you stop!
text: In the distance w. @ KEVIN freeze. Re lnoks back in horror.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: XEVIN
dialog: There are hnles! Which nne ?
dialog: ‘Randall ? ich one ?
speaker_heading: PIDGIT
dialog: (sereaming)
dialog: Juat go! -
speaker_heading: a SUPREME BEING
dialog: Deo not defy mel Return the map!
text: EBVIN takes one last despairing lonk and jumps. As he does sco
text: we hear RANDALL scream out.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Not that one, Kevin!
speaker_heading: DELETED 48
speaker_heading: ‘DELETED 47
speaker_heading: DELETED 48
scene_heading: ExT, saaicyrcner LANDSCAPE DAY . 49
text: A pitched hattle is in progress on a high barren plain. The
text: = um burns down on distant mountains. A hnge WARRIOR - his
text: head and shoulders covered by the rotting head and neck nf
text: @ bull firmly held in place by heavy. leather
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ,
dialog: '
dialog: '
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: )
dialog: '
dialog: i
dialog: :
dialog: 49
dialog: 
dialog: . 58
dialog: Cootinued 49
text: straps - smashee away with a great olub at a helmeted
text: WARRIOR who defends himself with shield and spear.
text: The BULL-HEAD is the stronger. Dust swirls as they rage
text: back aad forth until at last the helmeted WARRIOR is
text: struck down. As he lies oo the ground, the BULL-HEAD
text: raises his olub for the death hlow. But as the club is
text: about to descend KEVIN suddeoly appears oo the fallen
text: WARRIOR's chest. ‘The BULL-HEAD hesitates, stunned by this
text: suddeo interruption. The helmeted WARRIOR grahs this chance
text: to recover his spear and thrust upwards. The bullheaded
text: WARRIOR crashea to the ground dead. KEVIN, who hag heen
text: thrown to the eide, strugglee to regain hig seoses. The
text: helmeted WARRIOB is kneeling over the dead hull-head.
text: Slowly he turns hie attentioo to KEVIN. Ee. looks tarrifyiog.
text: Be starts to approach the BOY. KEVIN tries scrambliog away -
text: afraid for his lite. The GREEK WARRIOB reaches out and grahs
text: hold of EEVIN's clothes: KEVIN cringes.
scene_heading: ne GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: Where did you come from?) -
dialog: : (terrified)
dialog: +». BR... I'm... oot quite sure ...
speaker_heading: WARRIOS
dialog: Who sect yon? The Gods ...?
text: XEVIN doesn't know what to say ...
speaker_heading: GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: Zeus? Athena? Apollo ...?
dialog: ESVIN, rather out of his depth in this Greek mythology shit,
text: just stands there speechless.
speaker_heading: GREEK WARRIOB
dialog: (removing. his helmet -
dialog: . revealing himsel? tobe
dialog: cone other than ‘Sean.
dialog: Connery - who it turns
dialog: out-we oan afford)
dialog: (Well you're certainly a chatty little
dialog: tellow ...
text: He hends down and retrieves his robe ...
speaker_heading: ERVIN
dialog: {lockiog at him in
dialog: amazement, he says,
dialog: almoet to himsel?)
dialog: IT doo't helieve it.
dialog: Contianed
dialog: bo > =
dialog: 4
dialog: a
dialog: : 39
dialog: 49 «Continued : 49
scene_heading: : “GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: (turns and straightens)
dialog: . Den't believe what?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Er ... I didn't believe the way yon ...
dialog: the way you killed bim ...
speaker_heading: GREEX WARRIOR
dialog: ‘ (nis face clouds)
dialog: Yes:... but it has to be done...
dialog: sometimes ...
dialog: .) (be begins to cat off
dialog: . the bull's bead from the
dialog: .., fallen warricr) .
speaker_heading: ae XEVIN
dialog: No... Nol. TI meant it was such a
dialog: good shot ... you got him right in
dialog: the rips!
dialog: (witb relish)
dialog: I bet you've killed lots of people ...
text: The WARRIOR: smiles alittle distantly :..
scene_heading: . 7 GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: Hey! The Gods must have given you
dialog: a& name...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Who ... me?
text: The WARRIOR looks round, with a smile. In every direction
text: there is just desert and emptiness, .
speaker_heading: » KEVIN
dialog: Oh ... yer ... yes ... Kevin...
scene_heading: . GREEX WARRIOR,
dialog: (witb a hint of bemusement)
dialog: Kevin?! D'you want a helmet Kevin?
text: He holds ant his magnificent belmet.
speaker_heading: ESVIN
dialog: Ob ... oh yes ... yes, please ...
text: KEVIN holds out his arms to receive the massive helmet, but
text: the WARRIOR approaches and drops it over EEVIN's head ...
scene_heading: . GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: It's yours ...
dialog: Continned
dialog: 
dialog: 49
dialog: Revised 6.5.30 60
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: . KEVIN
text: (a muffled, tinny
dialog: : voice from inside)
dialog: What 2? Mine ?
speaker_heading: GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: Yon don't want it ?
speaker_heading: . KEVIN
dialog: (from inside)
dialog: «ee yes please ...You
dialog: rea y mean I can have it..
speaker_heading: GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: oe ‘ca ¢ondition that you carry it
dialog: hack ‘to the city for me...
text: KEVIN finally pulls it off.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: No ... I can't, really ... Ter...
dialog: I must wait ...
text: . (he looks skywards,
dialog: . . briefly)
dialog: (lamely)
dialog: “m mwith some friends ..
text: ‘The GREEX WARRIOR makes an elaborate play of scanning
text: the desert wastes. He smiles, puzzled.
speaker_heading: KEVIN .
dialog: They'll be meeting me here soon ..
dialog: . You see if I lese them I may never
dialog: he able to get hack ...
scene_heading: ’ GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: Get hack ... where ?
speaker_heading: XSviIn
dialog: Er... I'm not sure ...
text: Te GREEX WARRIOR shakes his head.‘
dialog: 
dialog: 49
dialog: 49
dialog: Hevised 24.4.80 60a
dialog: Continned : 49
text: GREEK WARRIOR shakes his head, smiles, and turns.
speaker_heading: GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: Well ... take this at least,
text: KEVIN looks quizzical as the WARRIOR slings a skin hag
text: oft his shoulder.
speaker_heading: GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: Water ... you'll need it.
text: He. takes the helmet back, swings his white horse round
text: and pulls himself up. He stops.
speaker_heading: GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: Whoever you are ... thanks ...
text: He gives him a last look, turns, and spurs the horse.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (suddenly deciding)
dialog: No ... no... I'd like to come
dialog: Please. Please!
text: The GREEX WARRIOR reins in his horse at the last minute,
text: grins, leans down and pulls KEVIN up onto his fine white
text: stallion. Ee turns and gallops away.
dialog: 
dialog: 50
dialog: 52
dialog: : 62
scene_heading: Ext. LOOKOUT TOWER Day . 50
text: .4 GREEX LOOKOUT standn on an ancient tower. Mountains
text: stretch away in the distanoe, A great brase horn hangs
text: trom 2 massive tripod. The LOOKOUT is husily polishing
text: the horn. On notioing a distant cloud of dust, he
text: interrupte hie labours and peers into the distance. He
text: seems to recognize the RIDER on the white horse. Putting
text: his lips to the horn he lets sound 2 hooming blast.
scene_heading: ExT. COUNTRYSIDE Day s1
text: The resonating vibrations from the horn reach the GREEK
text: WARRIOR and the BOY... KEVIN'es eyes light up. There in
text: the distance stands the city ... a great mud-brick,
dialog: towering affair: .. Mighty impreseive!!
scene_heading: EX?. CITY STREETS nay oo 82
text: The hustleof everyday. Mycenean city lite ie interrupted
text: hy the appearance of the WARRIOR and KEVIN on horeehack
text: at the far end ‘of the street.
text: The ‘populace hegin to clamour and cheer as they ride
text: up the street.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: : (shouting)
dialog: You're a-hero!
speaker_heading: WARRIOR
dialog: ot (smiles)
dialog: : The warrior we killed was a great
dialog: enemy of the city ... Many thought
dialog: they wouldn't eee me hack here ...
text: The ‘welcome builds as they wend through.the etreets.
speaker_heading: ESVIN
dialog: (shouting over the
dialog: . noise of the crowd)
dialog: Where are we going? 2
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: 
dialog: As ' GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: To the palece . We must report
dialog: to the King ... .
speaker_heading: XSVIN
dialog: King ...! We're going to see 2
dialog: King!
dialog: Continued
dialog: 
dialog: \
dialog: '
dialog: :
dialog: 
dialog: $3
speaker_heading: S4
dialog: sé.
text: ‘(hey reach the balcony et the top of the eteps. CLYTEMNESTRA
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 62
dialog: Continued 52
speaker_heading: GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: He owes me eome thanks!
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE Day $3
text: They reach the gate of the palace. CROWDS form up co either
text: eide. They dismount. On a halcony above the gate is a
text: throne, and standing next tn it are a QUEEN (CLYTEMNESTRA)
text: and three leading GREEK CITIZENS. The WARRIOR is welcomed
text: hy TWO OFFICIALS at the gate. HE BOWS. They bow. Then they.
text: lead off - up a flight of etepz inside the gate. Again the
text: WARRIOR heckons to KEVIN tn fnllow him. KEVIN doee a real
text: “who ... me?" and tries to hack away ... The GREEX WARRIOR
dialog: grabs hin byt the arn. .
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. PALACE ‘STEPS "par 54
text: He leads him up the stepe.
speaker_heading: .*. KBVIN
dialog: + (to Greek Warrior)
dialog: _ Maen one is the King?
text: . GREEK WARRIOR .
dialog: ‘ae hasn't arrived yet. Evsryone
dialog: haa to wait for hin.
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE BALCONY DAY 55
text: and her THREE BUDDIES from the Justice Department smile warmly.
text: The crowd fall silent. KEVIN looks round expectantly. The
text: WARRIOR turns to the CROWD and raises the bull's head.
text: Noticing KEVIN has shrunk hack he whispers lnt@ly tn him and
text: motions with his head for KEVIN tn stand next to him.
scene_heading: . GREEK WARRIOR
dialog: You saved my life, remember.
text: Thea with a mighty fling, he throws the bull's head into the —
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: WARRIOR
dialog: (continued)
dialog: The enemy is dead ... lnng live the
dialog: freedom of the city.
text: Great horn booms nut.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Hail the King! Hail the King!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (tugging WARRIOR's eleeve)
dialog: The King! He's coming!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 664
dialog: 62
dialog: Continusd 62
text: A great, spitted roast ox is brought in. Oobs and 4h's.
text: A shaven-headed brute of a MAN (Amos Beefcake hy name)
text: raises a golden sword, and splits the ox in two. To the
text: delight of the AUDIENCE, fruit tumbles ont - mangoee,
text: pert little peaches, oranges, etc. As they sit, KEVIN
text: is still lost in sheer delight and pleasure.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You really mean I shall stay here
dialog: for ever ...
text: AGAMEMNON nods with a smile.
speaker_heading: AGAMEMNON
dialog: (suddenly serious)
dialog: In return, you must promise to re-
dialog: member all [ taught you. Chooss
dialog: your friends with care, and never -
text: His speech is interrupted hy a drum roll and flourish of
text: tambourines. The KING turns and smilee ...
speaker_heading: AGAMEMNON
dialog: Now ... enjoy yourselt ...
text: (he claps his hands)
text: All heads turn as the ENTERTAINERS apoear. They are three:
text: MASKED FIGURES with false horse heads jutting from their
text: middles ... like mounted riders. They cavort about the
text: hall to the sounds of drum and pipe. People laugh. Some
text: clap ... general enjoyment. KEVIN is in 17th heaven.
text: Suddenly they come apart. Each FIGURE hecomes two SMALL
dialog: FIGURES - one masked, ths other horse-headed. [n all there
text: are SIX TINY FIGURES. KEVIN has a sudden attack of horror,
text: which is quickly confirmed when the FIGURES start dancing
text: around him. One hy one they lift their masks so that only
text: he can get a2 glimpee of their faces. They are none other
text: than the DYARVES.- They all wink knowingly at him. KEVIN
text: doesn’t know what to do. Madly the DWARVES cavort around
dialog: him - whispering their pride in hie wonderful scheme.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Good work, Kevin ... very good
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: Sorry ws took so long to find
dialog: you ...
dialog: Continued
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ny
dialog: 62
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 68b
dialog: Continued , . 62
text: They try to pull him.up from his throne. He clings to it,
text: but the CROWD, loving the DWARVES' antics, encourage the
text: BOY to join in. The BOY looks to AGAMEMNON, but he too is
text: encouraging the BOY to enjoy himself and to relax. The
text: BOY is lifted from the throne and bundled into the, middle
text: of the great hall and on to a platform.
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: We make a good team, eh ... you
dialog: set it up... we come in just at
dialog: the right moment.
text: Tne DWARVES seem to be preparing a wondrous magic trick for
dialog: they have gathered together all the riches they can manage -
dialog: even to the extent of asking the AUDIENCE for jewellery <-
text: which is freely given by the happy expectant AUDIENCE. One
text: of the DWARVES is anxiously eyeing his watch. The BOY
dialog: desperately triee to eecape ~ he knows what is about to
text: bappen. The AUDIENCE is howling with laughter. The KING
text: de enjoying the spectacle immeneely. But the DWARVES bold
dialog: Continued
dialog: my
dialog: }
dialog: ad
dialog: ob
speaker_heading: Sf
dialog: 
dialog: 62
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: G4
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 24.4,80 ey
dialog: Cootinued ¢ 62
text: the BOY firmly. They think he is tryicg to go back for
dialog: more booty. Unfortuoately time is up. Reachiog dowo, the
text: DWARVES Lift up 2 riog of cloth that eccloses then aod
text: the riches. The CROWD holds its breath. The sloth
text: collapses. The SOY, tbe DWARVES, acd the goodies are goce.
text: The CROWD applauds madly.
speaker_heading: Ext, TITANTS Dar 3
text: An ocean liner, circa 1912. Steaming along io stately
dialog: fashiooe ...
scene_heading: Ext. TITANIC DECS Dar 64
text: TWO COUPLES in period costume, cigarette boldere, ete.
dialog: wander by. Another YOUNG COUPLE = be io white flancels,
dialog: cravat - she io teonis gear « come TOWARDS CAMERA aod,
text: leaniog oo the rail, they stare out to sea. The music
dialog: pare in the ‘background, They've just met aod they are
dialog: ove.
text: He turns to her adoringly ...
speaker_heading: . VINCENT
dialog: At ldst ... we're aloce. -
dialog: . Pansy
dialog: Teo't it glorious,
speaker_heading: . VINCENT
dialog: Oh Pansy ... Pansy, look at me ...
text: PANSY looks up sbyly ...
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Deo you -leve me?
speaker_heading: BANSY
dialog: Of couree I do, darliog, apart from
dialog: that silly little crumb on your nose ...
dialog: 
text: She makes to brush it off. He stops ber.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: No Pansy! It's not a crumb.
speaker_heading: PANSY
dialog: Oh, Vinceot, I'm sorry ... I'm
dialog: terribly terribly sorry.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (be turns away
dialog: dramatically)
dialog: It's ... It's ... all right, Pansy.
text: There is a pause.
dialog: ee A ee ak kth ~
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 28 .4.80 70
dialog: 64 Continued 64
speaker_heading: PANSY
dialog: Is it... is it ... a pimple?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (oravely)
dialog: No ... no... it's not a pimple ...
speaker_heading: PANSY
dialog: You mean it'e a sort of wart.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: “ PANSY
dialog: Ob God it's not ...
text: VINCENT gravely hut bravely nods yes.
speaker_heading: PANSY
dialog: Ob, God...
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Yes.
dialog: Pansy
dialog: ‘Ob God ...
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Don't worry ... Don’t blame yourself ...
text: They stare out to sea... there is a pause ...
speaker_heading: PANSY
dialog: Surely nowadays ... they can <
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Don't let's talk about it, Pansy ...
speaker_heading: PANSY
dialog: Vincent
text: (she puts her arm onto
dialog: his
dialog: +e» Vincent. It makes no difference
dialog: to me you know ... It makes no
dialog: difference the way I feel about you
dialog: at this momont ...
text: VINCENT turns to her, his heart beating passionately, but
text: as he turns the light does rather catch it. PANSY has
text: difficulty not looking at it.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Darling Pansy ... that's the nicest
dialog: . thing anyone's ever said to me ...
dialog: 
dialog: 65
dialog: \
dialog: !
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 72
dialog: Continued 65
text: COUPLES in evening dress, cigarette holders, etc., wander
text: by. In the backgeound waltzing COUPLES are seen in sil~
text: houette through the hallroom windows as an orchestra plays
text: somewhere OUT OF SHOT. We TRACK WITH COUPLES and pick up
text: KEVIN in. ths foreground staring disconsolately out to sea.
text: He is dressed in smart new period olothes. Behind him, in
text: a row of deckchaire, recline the GANG dressed to the nines
text: tuxedos and bow ties. Thsy are glittering with gold rings,
text: flash wristwatches and pomaded hair. Each of them smokes
text: a fat cigar. Champagne bottles are being emptied. We
text: TIGHTEN IN ON THEM.
text: VERMIN is speaking to a WAITER.
speaker_heading: VERMIN
dialog: 6 plates of caviar please ... oh . oe
dialog: (be turns to the others)
dialog: Anyone else want any ?
text: WALLY .
dialog: No I'll stick to the quail’s eyeballs,
dialog: thank you. Caviar makes me throw up.
text: RANDALL throws WALLY a sharply disapproving glance.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: (quickly, apologetically)
dialog: Sorry ... sorry, Randall.
text: OG burps loudly, they all turn on him.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (calling out to KEVIN)
dialog: Cheer up. Kevin! Kings aren't the
dialog: only ones with money. .
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Ths money wasn't important.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: And you know why, Kevin, he was stuck in
dialog: Ancient Greece and be didn't have
dialog: anything to spend it on.
dialog: You make me sick!
text: Much mock horror amongst the reclining DWARVES, then laughter.
text: RANDALL, after an exchange of looks with the others, gets up
text: and approaches KEVIN, very niftily picking a champagne cocktail
text: off the tray of a WAITER bending low to the next table as he
text: does so. He leans on the rail heside KEVIN in avuncular fasbion,
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (munching on his cigar)
dialog: I've got something to tell you Kevin ..
dialog: Revised 28.4.60 7
dialog: Continued . . : 64
speaker_heading: . VINCENT
dialog: Don't say any mors ... Pansy ...
dialog: let's treasure thie moment ...
text: There is the sound above them as of a V=2 rocket descending ...
text: He takes her by the hand, she unahle to resist another look
text: at the thing on his nose, and leads her to a seat a little
text: back from the rail.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Pansy ... there'e something I must
dialog: ‘Say...
speaker_heading: PANSY
dialog: Say it! Say it! Vainoent.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Pansy will you «
text: Suddenly, with a cry and a shriek eix DWARF BANDITS, KEVIN,
text: and all the Creek gold treasures, rip through the awning
text: over their heads and fall on top of them. She screams.
text: He shouts. There ie pandemonium. Shouts of muy hairpiece!
dialog: Save my hairpiece ..."
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: Where the hell are we?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Pansy ... have you eeen my hairpiece ...7
speaker_heading: PANSY
dialog: Aargh! Someone's bitten me ...
text: She rushee off crying. VERMIN looks up grinning, toupee
text: Sticking out of mouth.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: It wasn't me, darling ... I've loet
dialog: my ‘teeth...
text: He rushee off after her.
dialog: , Panthy ... Panthy I love you ...
text: Thia pathetic epecimen rushes off tres distrait.
scene_heading: ExT. TITANIC DECK NIGHT 65
text: qe oe part of the deck where the DWARVES hit VINCENT and
dialog: ee nt, aa i a me _
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: '
dialog: Revised, 28.4.380 63
dialog: 55 Continued . 55
text: .KEVIN looks round hut can see nobody. He looks back to the
text: WARRIOR to see ONE of CLYTEMNESTRA's Big City Banker PALS
text: laying a crown on the WARRIOR's head. Suddetly the drachma
dialog: dsops and young KEVIN realises what ws've all dug at least
text: & ssels earlier ~ that his Soul Buddy in the warrior suit is
speaker_heading: THE MAN.
scene_heading: : LEADING CITIZEN
dialog: Hail King Agamemnon!
text: KEVIN'e jew drops way down to his fibia.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: a (answering)
dialog: Bail King Agamemnon!
text: AGAMEMNON looks down at KEVIN and winks with 2 broad grin.
text: KEVIN locks up to him. Reassured. This is. KEVIN's greatest
dialog: moment so'far .:. (but read on, Great Moment spottsrs) ...
speaker_heading: . . cROWD
dialog: Hail ... Agamemnon.
scene_heading: INT, PALACE DAY ‘ . 86
text: CUT to a frieze depicting a naval hattle in Greek times.
text: It depicts quite juicy scene of carnage.
text: PULL OUT to reveal they sre on the wall of a room in
text: ‘Agamemnon's palacs. ESVIN is peering at it with intereet.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: ‘There's a man getting cut in half
dialog: here. It must bave been a hriliiant
dialog: battle ...
dialog: 
text: AGAMEMNON sits at a table: he is reading a scroll and dis-
text: cussing with an ADVISER, he seems pre-cccupied and deeply
dialog: bugged hy the vagaries of destiny.
dialog: executions today ., if she wishes
dialog: to eee me, I shall he at the courts
text: in the afternoon.
text: ADVISER hows and leaves. At the door AGAMEMNON calls him:
speaker_heading: ON
speaker_heading: AGAMEMN
dialog: I still rule this city, Thersites.
dialog: Tell the Queen that.
dialog: Continued
dialog: -— ee ee ee
speaker_heading: se Su. AGAMEMNON
dialog: All four are to receive summary “ 7
dialog: 
dialog: 56
dialog: 
dialog: ; 64
dialog: Continued : sé
speaker_heading: , ADVISER
dialog: Sir...
text: Be bows and leaves. AGAMEMNON starts to unroll a scroll with
dialog: Oaval designs thereco. .
speaker_heading: EEVIN
dialog: I wish I'd been in ths Trojan Wars ...
dialog: seen Priam and Hector ... and all
text: these javelins flyiog and swordfights ...
text: AGAMEMNON locks =P trom his work. He smiles.
speaker_heading: : ESVIN
dialog: wat! you ‘show: me how to sword-
dialog: Ahaht., -Plaase ...
speaker_heading: AGAMEMNON
dialog: 
dialog: ‘come here, “I'll show you something
dialog: much more useful ...
text: KEVIN crosses to the table. AGAMEMNON pulls over a couple
text: of’ goblets and moticos to KEVIN to fetch another.
speaker_heading: 2S " AGAMEMNON
dialog: Bring coe ‘ot these ...
text: KEVIN puts the goblet on the table. AGAMEMNON turns. two
text: upside down, then puts # round red paperweight under the
text: third and turns it upside down. He juggles them around.
speaker_heading: . AGAMEMNON
dialog: Now ... where is it?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (after some
dialog: consideration)
dialog: That one ...
text: KING turns it up, nothing there. <XEVIN shakes head and points
text: to the next. KING turns it up, oothiog thsre, with a sigh
text: of resignation EEVIN turns up the other ... it's not there.
text: AGAMEMNON ,grina and produces it from KEVIN's ear.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Kings areo't suppoeed to do things
dialog: like that!
text: AGAMEMNON laughs and gete up.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ON
dialog: 
dialog: 57
dialog: 
scene_heading: Ext. CITY WALLS Dar
dialog: 57
text: AGAMEMNON and KEVIN accompanied hy GUARDS walk through a
text: garden along the hase of the towering walls of the city.
text: FRUIT PICKERS and GARDENERS are at work.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: But I thought King Agamemnon was -
dialog: always fighting ... he was a warrior.
dialog: Al
dialog: * 3 (face clouds)
dialog: Meomm_ ... but when yon're not fighting
dialog: that's the good time ... that's when
dialog: yon have time to learn things ... like
dialog: how to use qne. of these ...
dialog: AGAMEMNON pulis: Was koife ‘trom its sheath, It's very simple
text: but beantiful. He nance it to KEVIN.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: and far be able to kill Trojans ...
dialog: ° (he starts to mock stah
text: at a FRUIT PICKER)
dialog: Not
dialog: « (heLlowing)
text: (be grabs the knife from
text: Kevin's hand, ontting
dialog: * tare himself in the process)
dialog: Don't ever do that ... never in fun.
dialog: (noticing blood on his
dialog: band he calms down)
dialog: There are better uses like ... er ...
dialog: Slicing apples ...
speaker_heading: _XSvIn
dialog: (a little scorntully)
dialog: ‘Slicing apples!
text: AGAMEMNON ‘picks up bp a couple of applee froma pallst ... throws
dialog: them to ote of the
text: GUARD to throw them. The GUARD tosses an epple up;
text: flash AGAMEMNON's blade whips through the air and
dialog: » aad indicates with his head to the “"'
dialog: quick as 2
dialog: ales
text: the apple and embeds it in the trunk of 2 tree. There is a
text: @. then it falls neatly in two halvee.onto the ground.
dialog: paus
text: KEVIN's jaw drops. goee across, picks up
dialog: the apple
speaker_heading: AGAMEMNON
text: halves, takes 2 bite of one, and tosses the other = to KSVIN.
text: He grins broadiy as KSVIN examines the apple in cautious
text: wonderment.
speaker_heading: AGAMEMNON
dialog: Do, you like apples?
dialog: Continued
dialog: re . ® .
dialog: Ravised 28.4.80 ‘ 66
dialog: Ct ‘, 87 Continued 57 |
dialog: on
dialog: Mumm ... yes ...
text: AGAMEMNON pulls bis knife from the tree, and bolds it out to |
text: th. BOY.
speaker_heading: AGAMEMNON
dialog: Then it's yours. \
speaker_heading: S74 DELETED 37
scene_heading: 58 EXT. PALACE BALCONY EVENING
text: : In the dying rays of the evening sun tbe PEOPLE of Mycenae
text: roo . + go about their business - donkeys laden witb baskets pusb
text: yt, Past playing CHILDREN. The CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal
text: » 3 KEVIN leaning over the edge of the balcony, taking a Polaroid
text: ’ picture. He tben turns and takes a snap of AGAMEMNON
dialog: » + who is discussing eomething witb one of bis officials.
text: KEVIN turns back to the view over tbe city and watches tbe b
dialog: picture develope. . i
speaker_heading: . KSVIN
dialog: You know ... I never ever want to go
dialog: ¢ back. .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AGAMEMNON
dialog: . Don't you want to See all your friends
dialog: ! . again ?
dialog: o (grimaces)
dialog: : : No... 00... thanks ...
speaker_heading: AGAMEMNON
dialog: Dea't yon want to be in your own
dialog: home
dialog: sae
speaker_heading: ‘ . XSVIN
dialog: (less convinced, but
dialog: x after a moment's pause)
dialog: . soe No...
dialog: Continued
dialog: 58
dialog: 
dialog: Revieed 8.5.86 67
dialog: Continued . 58
speaker_heading: 7 AGAMEMNON
dialog: os. to he with your own father ...
dialog: your own mother.
text: KEVIN looks down et hie half-finished Greek writing, looks ,
text: np and ont of the window, over the city, to the flourieniog
text: ‘lain and in the distance the glittering hiue sea, he looks
speaker_heading: to AGAMEMNON:
speaker_heading: XSVIN
dialog: sor NG soe .
dialog: *, '
speaker_heading: > AGAMEMNON ‘
dialog: Then 1. ;
speaker_heading: “ RBVIN #
dialog: I can stay!
dialog: No more questions, To hed, and
dialog: sleep well. 1 may have a surprise
dialog: for you tomorrow ...
text: KEVIN eatands eagerly. KEVIN
speaker_heading: ‘ REVIN
dialog: What sortof surprise ?
speaker_heading: : AGAMEMNON
dialog: Wait till tomorrow ...
text: - They shake hands solemaly. KEVIN suddealy trowne.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: It won't ... It won't suddenly go
dialog: 4 away... all this, will it ...?
speaker_heading: AGAMEMNON
dialog: Ieaid ... 20 more questions ...
dialog: (out he smiles)
text: KEVIN smiles and runs off. At the door he waves, thes reaches
text: pehind his ear and produces ~ the red peperweight with a gris
dialog: of triumph,
speaker_heading: AGAMEMNON
dialog: Thet’e good!
text: XSVIN heaves a great hig proud, happy smile and throws hal
dialog: to AGAMEMNON. , ait
dialog: ee a a
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 59
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 67A
scene_heading: Int. KEVIN'S ROOM NORNING . 59
text: KEVIN's room in the castle at Mycenae, next morning.
text: KEVIN wakes. The sun is streaming through. A
text: marvellous day, a superb, clear blue-skied, gentle~breezed,
text: soft, sweet-smelling Mediterranean morning, the like nf
text: which only exists in the minds nf balf-crazed Englishmen
text: writing in Kentish Town, NWS, in January.
dialog: Continued
dialog: 
dialog: A
dialog: 60
dialog: : 61
dialog: 62°
dialog: Revised 28.4.60 68
dialog: Continued oa 59
text: Slowly KEVIN's eyes focus on the room. His expreseina
text: ,enddenly changes. Thers towering over him are two prieets
text: ia terrifying-lonking masks. One of them hnida in hie
text: hands a blindfold that hs thrusts down tawarde the
dialog: CAMERA. Blacknese.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY DaY 60
text: The PRIESTS lead KEVIN, blindfolded, along a paseageway.
text: Much activity is going around them ... Preparation far same
dialog: important event.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What are yon doing ... where are
dialog: ynu taking me ?
scene_heading: : . ‘ HEAD PRIEST
text: These are King Agamemnaon's instructinns.
scene_heading: INT, PALACE COURTYARD Day : 6t
text: KEVIN is led ont intn a prilifant : sunlit cnurtyard.
text: ATTENDANTS fuss around hin. He is lifted up. The
text: blindfold ie removed. He finds himself mounted upon a
text: magnificent horse with bsautiful gold wings rising from
text: its breastplate. A rich robe has been put around KEVIN and
text: on bis head is a gold headdress. The hnurse canters around
text: ths courtyard. The ATTENDANTS bow. One of the. COURT
dialog: OFFICIALS motinns to KEVIN to goide ths harse thraugb the
text: . doorway into ths Palace Hall. KEVIN does sn.
scene_heading: JINT. PALACE HALL Day 62
text: KEVIN enters the hall on his magnificent winged horse.
text: There is the entire court assembled. AGAMEMNON motions KEVIN
text: over to ths royal throns. Next tn it is a smaller throne.
text: KEVIN is seated on it. Then hs is showered with wondrous
text: golden gifte. AGAMEMNON rises and hnlds np his hand for
dialog: silence. ' ;
speaker_heading: AGAMEMNON
dialog: I have decreed that this bny shall
dialog: Yemain hers with us ia our city,
dialog: Purthermore, hsar yon all now and let
dialog: it be known abroad that he ehall be from
dialog: this day forward my cwn snn. Heir tn the
dialog: throne of Mycenae!
text: KSVIN can hardly believe it. ° AGAMEMNON turns tn ane of bis
text: ADVISERS who gives him a gold~leat crown which AGAMEMNON
text: lays on KEVIN's head. Around his waist is strapped a
text: beautiful gold knife. He graspe him by the arm, and presents
text: KEVIN ta the PEOPLE.
speaker_heading: AGAMEMNON
dialog: Now let the banquet begin ...
text: Cheers, applause, food is brought in, fnllowed by wine.
dialog: a wee ee ee 8 -
dialog: 
dialog: on
speaker_heading: Revised 28.4.80 TOA
dialog: 64 Continued . : . 64
speaker_heading: PANSY
dialog: (she smiles re-
dialog: assuringly)
dialog: I'm sure that at night one could
dialog: hardly see -
text: Be tenderly puts bis finger on her lips, and smiles deeply
dialog: into her eyes ... Despite all her upbringing, her education,
text: her preparation for polite society she cannot help registering
text: an instinctive sniff and a grimace as the top of his finger
text: comes into contact with the base of her nose.
dialog: 65
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 73
dialog: Continued
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Go away!
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: It's ahout ths map!
dialog: (hitterly)
dialog: The map! I don't undsrstand you,
dialog: Randall .. You have something like
dialog: that map ~ something really hrilliant,
dialog: that gives you all this power, and you'rs
dialog: just wasting it.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (a little indignantly)
dialog: I don't call this wasting it ...
text: (he nods around at the liner,
dialog: the champagne and all the .
dialog: trappings) ‘
dialog: +. I mean this isn't all had eh...
dialog: This isn't all had at all ..
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Why couldn't you leave me ... where
dialog: I was happy ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL ;
dialog: (looking around with
dialog: exaggerated caution, then
text: speaking close and confidentially
text: to KEVIN, his eyes suddenly alight
dialog: with enthusiasm)
dialog: Because you're going to hs a lot happier
dialog: when you hear what we've got planned ...
dialog: (he leans even further in)
dialog: I was having a close look at the
dialog: map last night, and you know what I
dialog: found ...
dialog: (impressivs pauss)
dialog: Og was right ...
dialog: (another impressive pause)
dialog: «. the Most Fabulous Object in the
dialog: World .. it does exist.
text: He looks at KEVIN impressivsly, waiting for 2 reaction that
text: doesn't come. KEVIN just shakes his head wearily. RANDALL
text: puts his glass on the rail, and eyes an elderly VICAR who
dialog: happens to he taking the air right hsaside him, with such
text: malevolance that he moves rather quickly away, RANDALL then
text: produces the map.
dialog: 65
dialog: Revised
dialog: 
dialog: 6.5.80 74
dialog: Continued 6s
speaker_heading: Somecne
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (urgently, excitedly)
dialog: We've bsen looking in all the obvious
dialog: Places ... hut ... look.... down here ...
dialog: the Time of Legends ... it'e sort of
dialog: outside time as we know it ... giants,
dialog: wizards, all that ... here in the middle
dialog: of the Time of Legends - the Fortress of
text: Ultimate Darkness - and inside the Fortress
dialog: of Ultimate Darkness - the Most Fabulous
dialog: Object in the World.
text: walks by. RANDALL hastily puts the map away.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: The Time of Legends! It doesn't exist.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: It doee exist ... if you helieve in it
dialog: Kevin. If you really believe in it.
dialog: Otherwise Horseflesh wouldn't havs put
text: it on the map.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: T 1... ch.
dialog: (he turns away dismissively)
speaker_heading: RANDALL
text: (after a quick glance at the
text: other DWARVES who are now singing
dialog: drunkenly and occasionally
dialog: me at a hit of high-olass passing
dialog: You know, you and me have a lot in
dialog: common, Kevin .. we like a risk ..
dialog: we like an adventurs .. well this is
dialog: it, Kevin. This is the Ultimate
dialog: Adventurs. None of your namby-pamby
dialog: Time Holes to mess around with-here ..
dialog: This is the Big One! We stake all .,
dialog: we win everything.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I've just lost everything .. because of
dialog: you lot...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: All right!...I know how you feel ..
dialog: But there's no hurry yet ... just
dialog: think about it though ... and remember
dialog: Kevin .. whatever you think of me, I did
dialog: get you all this,
dialog: >
dialog: A
dialog: 
dialog: 6s
dialog: Revised 5.6.80 - 7
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (heckons)
dialog: Waiter!
text: CUT TO TNO WAITERS. One locks over to RANDALL.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (expansively)
dialog: More champagne.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Of course sir’...
text: He walks hriskly off, revealing a large sign "S.S. TITANIC"
text: hehind him and his colleague.
dialog: And lots of ice!
dialog: 
dialog: \
dialog: : 68
dialog: 86
dialog: 
dialog: Revieed 28.4.80 768
dialog: Continued 6s
text: At that moment there is a rending crunch ... screams off,
text: @ moment's pause, and then the deck tilts at a 45° angle
text: and the BANDITS still holding cigars and champagne glasses
text: Slide gracefully out of sight. VINCENT & PANSY slide by.
speaker_heading: PANSY
dialog: Say it Vincent! Say it...
scene_heading: EST. TITANIC SINKING NIGHT 66
text: CUT TO SHOT of the liner, tilted up and sinking. Shoute,
text: screame, calle of "Ahandon Ship!" Horns and hootere going.
scene_heading: rxT. SEA NIGHT 87
text: CUT TO the SIX BANDITS & KEVIN all hanging forlornly onto
text: the big woodsn sign "S.S. TITANIC" - thie is ahont eight
text: feet long, and ¢an accommodate them all. Piecee of iceberg
text: float hy. FIDGIT is hyeterical.
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: I want to go home ... I can't stand
dialog: it. You'll get us all killed
dialog: Randall!
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Shnt up Fidgit! I didn't know
dialog: we were going to run Slap-bang into
dialog: an iceberg! It didn't eay on the
dialog: ticket "get off before the iceberg!"
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: I suppoee it'e silly asking where
dialog: the ... the reet of the loot is ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (slightly hysterically)
dialog: It's safe ... Strutter ... aksolutely
text: safe in a specially locked strong-box ...
dialog: Bere is the key ... 017 ... As soon
dialog: as they raise the Titanic I'll be the
dialog: first one on board. Stop
dialog: eating this plank, Vermin ...
text: VERMIN is nibbling the end of the spar on which their lite
dialog: depends.
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: (forlornly)
dialog: Help! Help!
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 77
dialog: 67 Continued 67
dialog: w
dialog: Help! ALLe
text: “These patbetic cries hang on the aight air.
text: The evil wind blowe over the floating spar. OG's eyee glaze.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: (in hie strange voice)
dialog: Now is the time to begin our quest
dialog: for the Most Fabulous Ohject, Randall.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Og’s right! We've etill got the map.
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: What ? ... Randall, we're in the middle
dialog: of the Atlantic Ocean!
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: It doesn't matter whsre we are,
dialog: we've just got to helieve in it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: You're crazy.
speaker_heading: RARDALL
dialog: You've just got to trust me.
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: That's the problem!
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Trust Horseflesh! He made the map ..
dialog: he wouldn't have put the Land of Legends
dialog: on if it didn't exist!
speaker_heading: STRUTTER & WALLY
dialog: Yon could he right!
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: You're crazy!
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (ecreaming over the
dialog: storm)
dialog: We must try!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Not
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Abandon plank!
text: He doee so, then STRUTTER and WALLY, and 0G, beaming because
text: he doesn't know what's going on. FIDGIT looking terrified.
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: I can't swim!
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 78
dialog: 
dialog: 67 Continned . 67
text: He slips off the plank. Only KEVIN remains clinging on.
text: He looks on in horror as FIDGIT gurgles and thrashes in the
text: water. KEVIN has to belp him.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I'm coming, Fidgit! I'll save you.
text: So KEVIN lets go of the plank .. it drifts away. All the
text: DWARVES are starting to panic and scream and thrash about.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Randall! You're gad!
text: But at that moment a whirlpool forms and travels towards
dialog: them faster and faster. They can't stay afloat, they're
text: being sucked down ... mocking laughter mixes with their
dialog: screams, :
speaker_heading: ’
scene_heading: » 68 INT. EVIL GENIUS’ GROTTO DAY , 63
text: The EVIL GENIUS is gloating over their desperate plight.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: (langhing his deep and
dialog: am! sinister laugh)
dialog: . Suddenly I feel very, very good.
speaker_heading: ' . BENSON
dialog: (understandingly)
dialog: I'm sorry, master.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: Now we have them ... Rohert!
speaker_heading: BENSON
dialog: (with malevolent excitement)
dialog: Can I hring them in, Master ?
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: Yes, Benson, bring them in to the
dialog: Time of Legends.
text: BENSON attends to his equipment.
speaker_heading: 69 DELETED 69
speaker_heading: 70 DELETED 70
speaker_heading: 1 DELETED 71
dialog: ~
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 73
dialog: 76
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 26.4.80 . 79
speaker_heading: DELETED 72
speaker_heading: DELETED 73
speaker_heading: DELETED 74
speaker_heading: DELETED 78
scene_heading: EXT. MISTY SEA DAY 76
text: CUT TO holling watery surface. The watsr is buochiog
text: itself up. With a great whoosh it spite out one of the
text: GANG - high into the air. He arcs through the mist aod
text: theo splashes hack ioto the sea. Whoosh = two more DWARVES
text: catapult out of the sea and fly through the air. Another
dialog: aod theo another make their appearacce. Whoosh. Splash.
text: Whoosh. Splash. Splutteriog and thrashiog ahout in the
text: water they hecome aware of a chaoge io their appearaoce.
text: Their hlack eveoing dress bas somehow changed colour - they
dialog: are oow dressed all io white. They look arouod a hit dis-
dialog: mayed.
text: FIDGIT is struggliog, theo suddeoly eases. They all look
dialog: round a hit fearfully. 7 7
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: Hey! I can swim ..
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: (poiotiog into the
dialog: distance)
dialog: Look ...
text: There io the mist-shrouded dietance is a strange evil-lookio;
text: hoat languidly listiog its way across the sea. .
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: (frighteoced but hopeful)
dialog: A friendly hoat ?
dialog: a a at et -
speaker_heading: —
dialog: 
dialog: ‘
dialog: '
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: '
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 80
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: . (with half-hearted
dialog: optimism)
dialog: Yeah ... prohahly. Hello!
dialog: Hello!
scene_heading: INT. . OGRE'S CABIN DAT
text: CUT TO twitching of a horrid, hairy, clawed hand lying on
text: a dirty pillew in a darkened cahin. It opens and closes
text: with animal-like snores.. A deor opens and a FIGURE
text: enters the cabin. A window ie opened and a ehaft of
text: light falls upon the hand. With a etart the hand
text: awakes. It stretchee and then proceeds to scratch
text: around in the hedclothes. A WOMAN is preparing 2
text: potion by the window of the low-ceilinged cahin.
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: Morning dear.
text: A distant cry for help.
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: What was that ?
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: What ... dear ?
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: I thought I heard a noise ...
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: No ... it'e your nerves, dear.
text: The owner of the hand, a2 horrifyingly ugly OGRE,
text: climbs out of hed grumbling and whining.
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: oo. Ooh ... eurggh ...
dialog: (and various other
text: subhuman mumblings and
dialog: grunts)
text: His WIFE comes across and gives him a dranght. Be
text: drinks it. And shakes head .. she hands him a
text: jar of cream.
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: And the ointment for the leg ...
text: He takes it and rubs it on, occasionally wincing with
text: the effort. She goes to the side and etarts to prepare
dialog: a@ steaming draught.
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 81
dialog: 77 ~«=Continued 77
speaker_heading: OGRE
text: Oooh ... aaagh ... o00h ...
dialog: (he rsally is in bad
dialog: shape)
dialog: I grew too fast when I was young,
dialog: that was the problem....
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: (bringing over ths
dialog: Steaming potion)
dialog: And... inhale!
text: She holds an inhalant in front of him.
dialog: (moaning)
dialog: I can't inhale, it's bad for my back.
dialog: 
dialog: !
dialog: )
dialog: 4
dialog: '
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 82
dialog: 77 Continued
speaker_heading: ERS. OGRE
dialog: It'e good for your throat, dear,
dialog: come on ...
text: With some wincing he moves across. Sniffts through one
text: nostril, then another.
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: I wouldn't have theee sore throate
dialog: if I wasn't an ogre...
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: You've been overdoing it, that's all.
text: He puts his leg up and she starts to apply ointment to the
text: knee very deftly.
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: You try heing hsastly and terrifying
dialog: when you can only get one hour's sleep
dialog: @ night hecause your hack hurts and
dialog: you daren’t cough in case you pull 2
dialog: muscle.
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: (tenderly, reassuringly)
dialog: You're horrible, dear ...°
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: You're just saying that.
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: (she holds outa glass)
dialog: Gargle!
text: He knocks hack the mouthwash (gargle) and gargles (mouth-
text: washes) with a roaring, rumbling appalling roar ..
dialog: 
dialog: 77
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 78
dialog: 80
dialog: 80a
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 83
scene_heading: EXT. MISTY SEA DAY 78
text: CUT TO misty sea. The DWARVES and KEVIN are swimming
text: towards the hoat. They're suddenly transfixed hy the
text: unearthiy sound of the gargler (mouthwasher).
speaker_heading: . STRUTTER
dialog: What's that ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: Come on!
text: They then try to swim the other way, frantically ...
scene_heading: INT. OGRE'S CABIN. DAY 79
text: Cur BACK to the boat, OGRE picks up a large net and
text: lumbers out of the door. Just as he is about to go out,
text: he catches sight of himself in a mirror. He stops and
text: puts his face close to the glass.
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: (despondently)
dialog: Look at those spots!
scene_heading: MRS. OGRE .
dialog: You'll grow out of them, dear ..
text: She husies herself at the medicine chest.
scene_heading: ExT. OGRE'S BOAT DAY 80
text: CUT TO him emerging onto the deck of the boat, which we now
dialog: see is on the miety sea.
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: (hitterly)
dialog: That's diet that is. All this
dialog: hloody fish ...
scene_heading: ExT. MISTY SEA DAY 804A
text: CUr TO DWARVES swimming like mad.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 808
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 834
scene_heading: ExT. OGRE'S BOAT DAY . 80B
text: The OGRE starts to get his net ready, grumbling the while.
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: There used to be a time when you
dialog: could be eure of catching old
text: boots, cans, hatracks, boxes, ..
dialog: now it's prawns all tbe bloody time ..
dialog: Anti-pollation!
dialog: (be spits into the sea)
text: He buris the net out wincing as he does so, It eplashes
text: in the distance.
text: There is a cry... the net stiffens and pulls. He hangs
dialog: on... more sbrieks ..
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 84
dialog: 80B Continued 808
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: (shouting into the
dialog: cabin)
dialog: Wite!
scene_heading: 81 INT. OGRE'S CABIN Day sl
speaker_heading: MRS OGRE
dialog: (grinding up dried
text: severed feet in a
dialog: meat-grinder)
dialog: What d'you want dear ... the foot
dialog: powder?
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: Ne ... come out here and help me ...
dialog: quick!
text: She puts down the mortar and pestle and hurries out.
scene_heading: 82 EXT. OGRE'S BOAT DAY 82
text: He's trying to pull the heavy net in despite lumbar
text: problems. Noise and etruggles from the net.
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: What's in there... ?
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: I don’t know bat it's not prawns
dialog: +. come on!
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: Leave it to me... dear, please ..
text: 8he grabs the net and with easy superhuman strength,
text: heaves the net ont, making it all look extremely easy ..
text: inside the net are the DWARVES and KEVIN, packed inside
dialog: with lots of fish.
dialog: 
text: MRS. OGRE stands hack and admires them.
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: Oh aren't they lovely!
text: The crushed up, hedraggled and shivering DWARVES are somewhat
text: enconraged by this kindly LADY. They smile weakly up at her.
dialog: 
dialog: 82
dialog: Revised 24.4.80
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: ‘We can have them for breakfast!
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: (eyes lighting up)
dialog: You mean + eat their hoots!
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: No dear ... Eat all of them!..
dialog: every bit ... that's what ogres
dialog: do, dear...
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: (his eyes lighting up)
dialog: Yea ... yes! Of course ...
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: We could have them grilled ..
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: (doubtful)
dialog: Yes ... yes ...
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: Or minced with a side salad ?
dialog: ~ No you don't like salads, do you ...
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: Nothing in them...
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: I know < Zondue!. 5
dialog: We haven't fondue for years ..
dialog: we'll need the big pot and skewers ..
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: She makes to hustle off.
text: Panic reactions from the DWARVES throughout this.
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: (after her, anxiously)
dialog: What shall Ido .. dear... ?
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: (aside, to him)
dialog: Terrify them ...
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: What ahout my hack ?
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: You don't have to jump around, just
text: shout horribly .. and leer at them ..
dialog: you know .. like you used to do.
dialog: 85
dialog: 82
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 82
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 85a
dialog: Continued 82
text: MRS. OGRE disappears .. muttering ch "
dialog: this is wonderful" RE cheerfuily .. "Oh
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: Right ...
text: A little less than convinced, OGRE goes back to them and
text: goes into 2 very unconvincing OGRE routine - lots of grimaces,
text: evil "HA! HA! HA!s"' and close peerings into their faces.
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: Now ... let me see what we have here ...
dialog: Ha! Hal some tasty little morsele eh?
dialog: Oo!
text: He winces in pain as he kneels down and starts to open the
text: net and retrieve the terrified DWARVES ... He grahs FIDGIT
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: Revised 24.4.80
dialog: Continued
text: and puts him into a cooking pot. FIDGIT screams.
text: winces ...
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: ' (manfully)
dialog: Eh eb Eh... Fee! Fil Fo!
dialog: Fu = ow.
text: 4 really had spasm hits him just as he grahs KEVIN.
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: D... d... does your hack ... er...
dialog: hurt ?
dialog: (trying one final shot)
dialog: IT know a cure for bad hacks ...
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: Bad back ? Me ? An ogre ?
dialog: Ha, ha... on!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What you need is stretching.
speaker_heading: . OGRE
dialog: Stretching ?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: A man etretched my father once,
dialog: and he never had any trouhle.
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: Ha! Hal
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: We could do it for you.
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: Certainly NOT! Ow!
speaker_heading: DELETED
speaker_heading: DELETED
speaker_heading: PAGE 87 DELETED
dialog: a ——_ ae ne we -
dialog: 86 /87
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 28 .4.80 88
scene_heading: 85 INT. OGRE'S CABIN DAY 85
text: . MRS. OGRE is cheerfully preparing some vicious looking knives
dialog: and long skewers, making sure they're the right length for
text: each DWARF. She ie singing her fondue song. She
text: whietles happily .. suddenly she heare a sharp groan
text: from outside .. she looks up.
scene_heading: 88 Ext. OGRE'S BOAT DAY 86
text: The OGRE is flat out, stretched on deck. KEVIN and RANDALL/
text: WALLY have one arm each, FIDGIT and STRUTTER one leg, OG
dialog: and VERMIN the other ...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: And heave ...
text: They pull the OGRE apart.
speaker_heading: OGRE
speaker_heading: ARGHHE!
dialog: (then he smiles)
dialog: That's hetter! That's hetter!
dialog: That's wonderful ...
scene_heading: 884 INT. OGRE'S CASIN DAY 86a
speaker_heading: “MRS. OGRE
dialog: Are they in the pot yet ? ar ?
scene_heading: 888 EXT. OGRE'S BOAT DAY 86B
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: Yes, just ahout ... -
speaker_heading: KEVIN and RANDALL
dialog: ; And one more for luck ... Heavel
dialog: (he winks at Randall)
dialog: . One two ...
text: They etart to swing the OGRE to the right, then they swing
text: the OGRE to the left ...
speaker_heading: KEVIN and RANDALL
dialog: eee Paght ... left ... right ...
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: Hey ... what's going on ... ?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Left ... right ... left ... right
dialog: +++ and over!
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: Aagaarghh ... !
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 88B
dialog: Revised 24.4.80
dialog: Continued
text: They swing the yelling OGRE overboard, he disappears
text: the viscous oily sea.
speaker_heading: MRS. OGRE
dialog: (shouting from inside)
dialog: What's going on 7?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (to GANG)
dialog: Quick! Get in the pot!
speaker_heading: 838A
speaker_heading: 885
dialog: inte
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 863
dialog: a7
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 89
dialog: Continued . 868
speaker_heading: PIDGIT ,
dialog: . . {in high alarm)
dialog: Get in the pot!
speaker_heading: . * OGRE
dialog: (surfacing)
dialog: Is this part of the cure?!
scene_heading: Int, OGRE'S CABIN Day 87
text: uRS OGRE » running her finger along the edge of the knife.
dialog: . .
speaker_heading: tee “ MRS OGRE
dialog: Are you alright deart
dialog: (ne reply)
dialog: ‘ . ‘Weston? Winstoo!
dialog: : ®
scene_heading: EXT. OGRE'S BOAT Day ‘ 88
text: She runs out of the door and up on to deck. She looks
text: round, can't see anyone. She crosses to the deck rail.
dialog: and sees him. *
speaker_heading: MRS OGRE
dialog: Winston! What are you doing in the water .. ow!
text: At that moment the large hlack cooking pot hehind her hegins
text: Tocking hack and forth and then with a lurch it flips over
text: supported hy 7 pairs of feet and waddles speedily across
text: the deck and pushes her hackside tippiog her over into the
dialog: water.
text: Then the pot is lifted off revealing the DWARVES aod KEVIN.
text: They peer over the side.
scene_heading: EXT. MISTY SEA Day 89
speaker_heading: MRS OGRE
dialog: (spluttering from
dialog: the water)
dialog: I've never had 2 meal treat me like
dialog: that hefore! Winston ... we must stop
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: Ont My back is wonderful ... I've
dialog: never felt so free ..
speaker_heading: MRS OGRE
dialog: Winston! Get after them!
dialog: rs
speaker_heading: Ld
dialog: se
dialog: o
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: 90A
dialog: et
dialog: ©
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 : 90
dialog: Continued 89
speaker_heading: OGRE
dialog: Tt can cough! At last I can really
dialog: cough.
text: He gives a mighty cough of such force that a huge noise
text: shatters ths atmosphere, and the sail fills with wind and
dialog: the hoat is borne away ... yrs, oGRE
dialog: Thsre goes our fondue! ’
scene_heading: EXT. OGRE'S BOAT DAY 90
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (as the hoat careers
dialog: out of shot)
dialog: Quick! Ths rudder!
text: Be and RANDALL make a grab for the rudder as the boat sails
dialog: away.
text: CUT TO a shot of the hoat fairly moving along. They look
text: hack. Dim sounds of the OGRE sneezing and coughing recede
text: into the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. OGRE'S BOAT DAY . 904
text: Later. STRUTTER and RANDALL are at the rudder. OG and
text: KEVIN are lashing sail to the boom. VERMIN has 2 huge box
text: of fish and hands some out, raw, to KEVIN, WALLY and FIDGIT.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: (turning down a raw
text: fish and clambering up
dialog: a ratline)
dialog: How're we doing, Randall ?
text: RANDALL is peering ahead through a telescops. The hoat is
text: making good progress, hut it's still rather unreal,
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Just fine, we're on the right course!
dialog: So long as this wind keeps up there's
dialog: not much can go wrong ...
text: Suddenly the boat lurches violently from side to side.
text: FIDGIT, KEVIN, OG and VERMIN and the fish are all thrown
text: on top of each other and they slide and slither in a heap
dialog: against the port rail,
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Strutter! Keep ths rudder straight!
dialog: It is straight!
dialog: |
dialog: 90a
dialog: 
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: Revised 14.4.80 91
dialog: Cootioued . 904
text: At that momeot, the boat lurches wildly to starboard aod
dialog: they ars fluog coto the other rail.
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: I didn't ‘do a thiog, hooestly ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Drop the sailit
text: WALLY grahe an axe aod chops through the maio lice ~ the
text: gail crashee down ocoto the deck. The hoat is swayiog
dialog: around most unpradictakly ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: All hands oo the tiller!
text: All seven of the GANG clamber up to the bridge and grab hold
dialog: of the tiller io an attsmpt to keep tha vessel stsady, but
text: it still goes off course.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: Hang oo! Haog oo! Keep her
dialog: steady!
text: The boat eeems to raspood acd stops swaying.
dialog: That's better ... that's hetter ...
text: But there is a strange sound of rushiog water, followed by
text: an eerie silence.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: (the ooe ceareet the
dialog: hows) .
dialog: oe. @F .,. Randall ... Randall
dialog: I think there's somethiog you
dialog: should koow ...
scene_heading: EXT. MISTY SEA Day $1
text: We CUT TO cotside and sse that the boat is actually risiog
text: up, out of the sea and into the sky ... It'e resting co the
text: head of an coderwater GIANT ...
scene_heading: EST. OGHE'S BOaT Day 92
text: The DWARVES watch opeo-mouthed, as the deck sways ... They
text: are swuog around ... C.U. RANDALL's amazed look ... Quite
dialog: suddeoly he's galvaoised ioto actioo. He givee the command.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revissd 6.5.80 92
dialog: _ Continued 92
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Below decks!
text: PULL OUT to reveal that they've already gone. KEVIN is
text: holding the door open ...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (beckons impatiently)
dialog: Come on!
scene_heading: EXT. . MISTY SEA Dar 93
text: As the tiny figure of RANDALL slides down the pole, the
text: GIANT's head glides swiftly through the eea.
scene_heading: INT. OGRE'S CABIN Day
text: RANDALL rushes in to the huddisd gang.
scene_heading: EXT. MISTY SEa DAY 95
text: * she GIANT continuee on his way unaware of the activity in
text: the cabin. Somewhsre in the distance is heard a baby's cry.
scene_heading: EXT. TROLL’S HOUSE Day 96
text: CUT TO a tumbly down cottage at the edge of the sea.
text: Outside eits an unhappy TROLL. From insids comes the fear-
text: some cry of a BABY. Continually popping in and out of the
text: dc + to rail at her hushand and to scream at the BABY is @
text: Nagging TROLL WIFE. In the distance can be esen the GIANT's
text: head making its way across the sea towarde the TROLL's
text: cottage. As they squabhle in the foreground, the GIANT
text: riese insxorably out ofthe sea, looming large and larger -
text: his upper portions disappearing into the clouds. With each
text: massive footstep the cottage shuddere but the TROLLS, too
text: immersed in their petty arguing, fail to notice. The GIANT,
text: in turn, completely unaware of the existence of the TROLL
text: family, manages to step directly on thsir house - just as
text: MRS TROLL rushes inside to silence ths BABY. With a mighty
text: crunch and crash most of the houee is flattened and both
text: MRS TROLL and the BaBY are silencsd for good. Ths TROLL -
text: without noticing the cause of the sudden peace and quiet -
text: breathes a sigh of rslist.
speaker_heading: TROLL
dialog: Ah, that's better.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 96a
speaker_heading: Revised 6.5.80 S2a
scene_heading: INT. OGRE'S CABIN DaY 96a
text: The GANG are desperate to find a way to stop the GIANT
text: taking them too far off course. They start tearing up
text: the floorboards of the cabin.
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 93
scene_heading: EXT. GIANT'S HEAD Day 97
text: Ae cloude swirl round his head, the GIANT continuee on bis
text: way, but he becomes aware of a slight discomfort somewbere
text: on top of his ekull.
scene_heading: INT. OGRE'S CaBIN Day 38
text: The GANG have ripped up a section of the floor exposing
text: a bit of the GIANT's bald head. 0G has a eledge hammer and
text: is hitting the GIANT's skull as hard as he can in a pathetic
text: attempt to knock him out.
text: _ KEVIN, realising the futility of thie, decides to do something
text: stronger. He clambere up the stepe to the OGRE'’e medicine
dialog: eheet and there, amongst all the remedies, finds a great
text: jar of sleeping potion. Making hie way to the kitohen, be
text: grabs a bellows with a particularly long enout on it and
text: fills it with the potion. Sack at the GIANT's exposed pate,
text: he equirte a bit of the potion into the air - like a doctor
text: with 2 hypodermic needle of serum, and with a mighty jab
text: injects the potion into the top of the GIANT'e head.
scene_heading: EXT. GIANT'S HEAD Day 99
text: ‘The GIANT reacts to the injection as if he has just been
text: bitten by 2 mosquito. He shifts the boat on his head.
scene_heading: INT. OGRE'S CABIN DAY : 100
text: The GANG are thrown violently to one eide as the boat shifte.
text: Recovering, KEVIN peers out of a window.
scene_heading: Ext. GIANT'S HEAD DAY 101
text: The potion ie taking effect. The GIANT is having difficulty
text: keeping his eyes open.
scene_heading: EXT, MISTY WOOD DAY 102
text: The GIANT elumpe. He pushes over a tree as he slowly settlee
text: down on the ground. He removes the ship from his head and
text: dozes off.
scene_heading: Int. OGRE'S CaBIN DAY 103
text: The GANG is toppled into 2 corner of the cabin as the boat
text: comes to rest on ite si Slowly they regain their sensee.
text: Peering outside, they s the GIANT asleep. They scramble
text: out of the cabin.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 6.5.80
scene_heading: 104 «~EXT. MISTY ¥OOD DAY
dialog: 
text: GIANT snores. They rush away.
scene_heading: 10S EXT. MISTY PLACE DAY
dialog: 
dialog: 94
text: .The GANG scramble off the boat. In the background the
text: completely ohscured from sight in tbe swirling mist.
scene_heading: 106 EXT. ROCKY LANDSCAPE DAY
text: The mist clears, revealing the GANG collapsed and lost and
text: exhausted in a mysterious and eerie place.
text: rock forms loom up around them.
dialog: Object in the World ...
speaker_heading: . RANDALL
dialog: (taking out the map)
dialog: We're not far away.
speaker_heading: / FIDGIT
dialog: row . Let's go hack - before it's too
text: RANDALL leoks up, then back, and sbakes his
text: folds the map up ... PICTURE WOBBLE ...
scene_heading: 1 107 «INT. EVIL GENIUS' GROTTO DAY
speaker_heading: BENSON.
dialog: They are lost ... master ...
speaker_heading: EVIL GENIUS
dialog: Yes...
dialog: out.
dialog: Yes .. hut they are so near to me
dialog: ‘
text: , The GANG runs through the swirling mist until they are
dialog: |
dialog: i
dialog: !
dialog: }
dialog: Strange
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: We're not getting anywhere, Randall,
dialog: we're nowhere near the Host Fabulous
dialog: late.
dialog: head. He
dialog: Let. me -see.... let me see, Benson ...
text: The DWARVES are wandering about wearily trying to find a way
dialog: po. now... that I can guide them to me.
text: ‘The PICTURE is SLOWLY CLOSING on 0G.
dialog: | +.» I must try to help them along
dialog: the ... way.
scene_heading: : e 108 EXT, ROCKY LANDSCAPE DAY
text: CLOSE ON OG looking very wide-eyed and scared
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: ‘2S
dialog: 109
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 95a
dialog: Continued : 109
text: Wrapped in the wehs are several cocoon-shaped hundles,
text: and in these hundles, hound tightly, their mouths gag:
text: are several young, handsome blond KNIGHTS. Their eye:
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: - are filled with silent terror.
dialog: 
dialog: They like it here .. they
dialog: always want to etay ..
dialog: cof Revised 24.4.80 $6
dialog: M4 109 Continued 109
speaker_heading: MYRTLE |
text: (smiling at the mesmerised
speaker_heading: KEVIN)
dialog: So you're looking for the Most Pabulous
dialog: Object in the World ...
text: Ripple of surprise amongst the GANG.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: MYRTLE
dialog: That's what they all come this way
dialog: tor.
speaker_heading: . MAISIE
dialog: Poer lost boys.
speaker_heading: MYRTLE
dialog: ' . . We take them in and care for them.
text: They laugh rather evilly together ... The eyes of the KNIGHTS
text: look even more imploring ... MYRTLE crosees her legs revealing
text: 2 more paire of legs heneath her skirts. KEVIN'’s eyes bulge
text: ’ at this sight ... and then she crosses one of these pairs of
dialog: ~ legs.
speaker_heading: mvin's _ MAISIE
text: KEVIN's eyes meet the imploring, streining terror of the
speaker_heading: _ ENIGETS.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Is it far away ?
text: The LADIES exchange a very brief, rather forehoding glance.
speaker_heading: MYRTLE
dialog: Oh no... not far away ...
text: KEVIN's hands grasp his Greek knife.
text: They go on knitting.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Can you tell us where ?
text: KEVIN lunges forward, knife up-raised, to try to free the KNIGETS.
dialog: 109
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 24.4.80 . a7
dialog: Cootinued . 109
dialog: But he te caught, hy the legs. He looks dowo. Thsy're
text: enmesbed io spider web. He elashes at the web, and as
text: he doee ec his arm and face is grabbed by anotber piece
text: of webbing. He's trapped.
speaker_heading: MYRTLE
speaker_heading: (to MAISIE)
dialog: Now I doo't thick we can tell tbem
dialog: if that's bow they're going to behave ..
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (angrily, desperately)
dialog: You can't keep them in hers like
dialog: that!
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (rushing forward and
speaker_heading: reetrainiog KEVIN)
dialog: No! Kevin, come back ...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: No... I'm cot going to ..
dialog: (he raisee the knife)
dialog: You can't leave people to die just
dialog: because of your greed! I tell you
dialog: Agamemnoo would be ..
text: As be lunges forward, knife upraised, RANDALL quite
text: ceatly and eharply knocks him seceelees witb a karate
text: chop to the ceck. This impreseee MAISIE greatly and
text: etirs her somewhat to look oo RANDALL witb cew eyes.
speaker_heading: MAISIE
dialog: You're ... very manly ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
speaker_heading: (to MYRTLE)
dialog: I'm sorry oes YOU were about to tell
dialog: us how we find the Most Fabulous. Object ..
speaker_heading: MAISIE
dialog: ({lookiog at the little band
dialog: rather unhealthily)
dialog: De you want to etay and be our boyfriends ?
speaker_heading: MYRTLE
dialog: Maieie .. you don't mean that ..
speaker_heading: MAISIE
dialog: I like all meo, Myrtle.
speaker_heading: MYRTLE
dialog: We only want nice onss dear .. now
dialog: get out!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 28.4¢.80 Q7A
dialog: 199 Continued . ios
speaker_heading: MAISIE
dialog: (with mounting
dialog: . excitement)
dialog: Can we have a party ?
speaker_heading: MYRTLE
dialog: Go away, get out.
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: a 109
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: \
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 38
dialog: Continued 109
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (hacking towards the
dialog: deor)
dialog: Er ... which way ?
speaker_heading: MYRTLE
dialog: (nastily, hurriedly)
text: Follow the pointing fingers.
text: MAISIEZ haa got up and croesed to a rather old-fashioned
text: cohwebhhy gramophone. She lifts the arm and settles it on
dialog: a record.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: The pointing fingers ?
speaker_heading: MAISIE
dialog: It'e party time....
text: Very cool, intimate, jazzy party music, hluesy saxophone fills
text: the little lair. As they hear it, the eyes of the LADIES'
text: VICTIMS almost pop out in terror.
dialog: Go...! Quickly .
speaker_heading: MAISIE
dialog: (approaching the DWARVES)
dialog: Come along ... there’s plenty to do
text: at the party.
dialog: leave us alone!
dialog: 
text: Dragging the seneelees KEVIN, they retreat out of the cave.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE Day oS 110
text: The GANG rush out of the cave dragging KEVIN. They scramble
dialog: out of ehot.
scene_heading: EXT. HAND FOREST EVENING 111
text: CUT TO gnarled root. The GANG stumble into shot and collapse.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (slowly coming round)
dialog: Where are we ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: I'm not sure exactly.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Did we save them ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: No, we saved you.
dialog: Nad
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 98a
dialog: Continued : . 111
text: KEVIN starts to struggle angrily.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (pulling out map)
dialog: We've got to find the pointing fingers.
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: (who has heen looking
dialog: above them)
dialog: Oh, oh!
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: I think we have,
text: CUT TO their P.0.V. Great hand/trees rise all around them,
text: their fingers/hranches reaching for the sky.
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: Let's get out of here ... I don't
dialog: like it...
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: No, we must he close now ... c’mon.
text: The GANG make their way through this strange forest of
text: gigantic hand/trees. Horrihly gnarled and twisted roots
text: form the hases of these unpleasant growths. In the distance
text: a WOOD CUTTER is chopping down a hand/tree. With each hlow
text: of the axe the hand writhes in agony. They pass several
text: fallen hands clawing at the ground. This is a trply awful
text: place. The GANG stop. Some of them start to shiver. Even
text: VERMIN has lost some of his hounce.
dialog: =~ - =: me ei
dialog: Revieed 24.4.80 99
dialog: ne 111 Continned . . 112
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: ri . Let'e go back ... Now ...
speaker_heading: , so RANDALL
dialog: 5 We can't .. we’vs got to go on.
text: Follow the pointing fingers.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: 7 It's a trap!
text: STRUTTER starts as 2 huge hand/tree comes crashing down
text: ° . near him. Thsy ars all in a highly asrvous, almost
text: sf hysterical etats after their recent experiences.
speaker_heading: - STRUTTER
dialog: ea I'm not going any further .. no-one
dialog: knows what the hell we're supposed to
dialog: ' be doing.
speaker_heading: : OG
dialog: ' Yes! Yes! see Vest
text: OG has suddenly become very agitated. He is staring over
text: their shoulders and pointing at something behind the group.
text: They turn around. There, visible through the gap
text: ti . created by the felled tres, is a massive turreted citadel.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RANDALL .
dialog: (grabs map - looks at
dialog: it excitedly)
dialog: The Fortress of Ultimate Oarkness!
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: & Yes, but that's not it.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: What? .
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: (looking high into
dialog: . : the sky)
dialog: : > - Look!
text: - 3 The CAMERA PULLS BACK from the citadel to reveal that this
text: maseive structure is merely the gatehouse to an unbelievahly
text: immenee huilding that stretches in every direction, farther
text: - than the eye can see. Slowly the CAMERA TILTS UP. Higher
text: and higher the vaet construction risee until it disappears
text: into the clouds - a solid wall across the eky ... well
text: almost solid, for the massive facade is split by a gaping
text: hlack crack that widens groteequely as it reaches for the
dialog: unseen keighte. It ie the most forbidding place imaginahle.
text: The GANG stands there awestruck. One by one even the most
text: : sceptical faces hrighten with a mixture and the thrill of
text: 6 imminent wealth. Only KEVIN'e face reflects deep disquiet.
text: As they stand ahreast the rise a cool wind licks at their
text: clothing. <A ripple.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 142
dialog: 112
dialog: Revised 24.2.80
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (awesomely impressed)
dialog: We're there!
scene_heading: INT. EVIL GENIUS' GROTTO SUNSET
dialog: There is a great dsal of activity.
speaker_heading: EORSEFLESE
dialog: Brilliant ... Evil One ...
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: It was a close-run thing.
dialog: The boy was dangerous. He doesn't
dialog: respond to greed .. Is everything
dialog: ready ? .
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (fiddling with strange,
dialog: unpleasant devicss)
dialog: Yes master? ...
dialog: 100
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: iol
dialog: Continued . 112
speaker_heading: - EVIL
dialog: Then let them approach ... poor,
dialog: pathetic wretchee ...
text: He laughs.
scene_heading: EXT. EILL ABOVE THE CITADEL SUNSET 113
text: OG's eyes are shining. No-one wants to make the firet move.
text: KEVIN reacts, with an anxious look arcund him, to the strange
text: wind. The wind drops. OG leads off. With a last exchange
text: ‘ of glancee, making it clear that greed has won the day, the
dialog: 114
text: GANG descend the hill towards the citadel. In the background
text: a hand/tree crashes to the ground. KEVIN heads off after
speaker_heading: the GANG,
scene_heading: Ext. CITADEL Dar 1l4
text: High up on the face of the citadel is a window from which
text: _ BENSON observes the approach of the GANG. Ae he looks down
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
text: the CAMERA TILTS down the face of the gatehouse until it
text: eouss to rest on the DWARVES, far below, crossing the draw-
dialog: tr e.
scene_heading: EXT. CITADEL ENTRANCE Dat 118
text: The enormous portal engulfs the GANG as they hesitantly
text: enter the citadel.
scene_heading: INT. CITADEL SUNSET 116
text: The GANG creepe through the vast deserted entrance hall.
text: Everything appears to be in a state of decay. There is no
text: sign of life anywhere. This is a place of death. The floor
dialog: ds thick with dust undisturbed for centuriee. Ae they make
text: their way they leave behind a trail of footprints in the
text: powdery floor covering. ‘Cautiously, one of the DWARVES
text: shouts hello. No answer. Just.the echoing sounds of his
text: own voice. The GANG begins to pluck up courage. The place
text: is obviously deserted.
text: The light from the entrance leads them to 2 great pile of
text: rubble in the centre of the hall. As VERMIN clambers up it he
text: spote a skeletal arm sticking out of the debris. Ever hungry,
text: he grabe it, but it seems to act as a switch - setting off a
text: great rumbling and shaking. Dust and masonry fall from the
text: heights. A column near the terrified GANG crashes down as a
text: great jagged shaft of light races acroes the floor of the hall
text: and up the wall. Looking in the direction of the light, the
text: GANG see that it is pouring forth from a gigantic crack that
text: has Opened up in one of the walls. A siren song swells. The
text: GANG Tush towards the light, scrambling through the mammoth
dialog: opening.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 — 102
scene_heading: 117 «+INT. FABULOUS HALL SUNSET 117
text: Coming out the other side of the crack the GANG stops awe~
text: struck. What they see is truly amazing ~ a dazzling
text: apparition, the reflected aurs of which at firet just hlinds
text: our acquisitive little BAND; They look again straining and
text: rubhing their eyes in the unaccuetomed light snd the image
text: goalesces into a beautiful perspex transparent gleaming
text: dream kitchen. And there beside it with teeth, suit, hsir
text: and eyee all gleaming with an unearthly radiance, is the
text: QUIZ SHOW COMPERE ~ manic grin frozen on his face. Music
text: plays. The COMPERE's manic grin euddenly animatee, Eis
text: arm goes out to welcome them.
speaker_heading: COMPERE
dialog: And here they sre! The winners of
dialog: the Most Fabulous Object in the
dialog: World. The Answer to All Their
dialog: Problems ... and yours ... is here!
dialog: For them ... Tonight
text: CUT TO wide shot of sn infinitely huge black space broken by
text: the occasional sbatt of light. A gleaming pathway in the
text: _. @hape_of_a_complex. maze. zigzsgs scrose this space ~ the sides
text: of the pathway plummeting into unseeshle depthe from which
text: the occasional wisp of smoke rises. On the tar side of the
text: maze the pathway ends in a square island platform rising
text: above the abyss. Stairs ascend from the platform and at the
text: top of them stands the Dream Xitchen. The COMPERE stsnds half-
text: way up the stairs. Music orescendoes. The DWARVES are
text: delighted but mesmerized.
speaker_heading: DWARVES
dialog: Hey! Oh... look! Hey! Ue?
text: The AUDIENCE applause propels them forward.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: No!
text: But it is too late to reetrain the dazzled GANG. With cries
text: of delight they rush forward to claim the thing they're
dialog: told-everybody wante.. KEVIN is unable to reetrain them.
text: As they rush deeperately around the maze, the COMPERE is
text: joined from hehind by KEVIN'S PARENTS, madly grinning
text: and arrayed in glittering outfits. KEVIN is stunned.
text: He doeen't know what to do. His parents urge him forward.
text: He holds hack. The DWARVES career msdly through the
dialog: maze. It'e like s nightmare to KEVIN - the parents
text: continue to beckon. The DWARVES have now reached the foot
text: of the stairs and stop breathlesely. The COMPERE and
text: KEVIN'S PARENTS beam down at them. As the deliriously
text: excited DWARVES make their final atavistic hid for ultimate
dialog: grsed.
speaker_heading: COMPERE
dialog: Yes, it's all yours.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: iS
dialog: 117
dialog: Revieed 28.4.80 103
dialog: Continued
text: The Most Fahnlous Ohject suddenly disappears and in the
text: Place of the COMPERE and KEVIN'S PARENTS stand the EVIL
text: GENIUS and ROBERT and BENSON. The GANG shriek and turn
text: to run but, with a deafening rumble and clang a eturdy
text: iron cage descends around them trapping them inside.
text: Helplesely they grah at the hars. KEVIN turns and
text: runs for the door, only to run straight into the hlack
text: folds of one of EVIL'e hideous henchmen, a towering,
text: animal skulled, hlack rohed creature who hegins to move
text: towards the distant platform. KEVIN strugglee with no
text: effect. EVIL mounts the steps and turne, His mocking,
text: triumphant laugh echoes through the halls ... suddenly
text: a tiny fignre races up from one side and leaps agilely
text: towards the cage. The EVIL GENIUS’ laugh fades as he-
text: watches HORSEFLESH race for the cage. He reaches the
text: cage and hreathleesly and with a mighty key he unlocke
text: the cage door ... and enters. The hapless DWARVES are
dialog: amazed,
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (who can hardly
dialog: helieve it)
dialog: Horsefleeh ... ?
text: HORSEFLESH grins. Then suddenly all the other DWARVES
text: crowd around HORSEFLESH, all for the moment forgetting
text: their eereee talking at once, touching him to make sure
dialog: he's real.
speaker_heading: _ STRUTTER
dialog: Horseflesh ?
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: (jubilanatly)
dialog: Yon're alive ... you old villain!
speaker_heading: VERMIN
dialog: We've had some great meals.
speaker_heading: ‘FIDGIT
dialog: You're suppoeed to he dead!
text: OG just grins happily and looks at HORSEFLESH.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Did you find the Most Fabulous Object ?
speaker_heading: . WALLY
dialog: We ueed your map, it was right.
speaker_heading: BORSEFLESH
speaker_heading: (to RANDALL)
dialog: Yes ... it's here all right.
dialog: Sea! 117
dialog: Revised 28.2.80 1034
dialog: Continued : 117
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Where ? Where ?
text: They’re still driven hy a hysteria of greed, despite their
dialog: incarceration - and for a moment we too have forgotten ahout
text: EVIL, so happy is this reunion of the bandits.
speaker_heading: EHORSEFLESE
dialog: You've got it, Randall ... you've got
dialog: it in your hands.
text: , RANDALL, momentarily uncomprehending, looks down at the
dialog: map.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: What ? .., the map ...?
speaker_heading: HORSEFLESE
dialog: (his smile turning a
dialog: Little cold as he eneers)-
dialog: Of course ... stupid!
text: BHORSEFLESH grabe the map, and before they know what's happened,
text: he'e darted out of the cage and clanged the door shut. He
text: holds the map up, eyes hlazing with savage triumph.
speaker_heading: HORSEFLESE
dialog: eee is the Most Fabulous Object
dialog: in the World ... you had it all the
dialog: time!
dialog: 
text: He gives on last grin. The EVIL GENIUS cackles with
text: rich and echoing laughter. Again RANDALL rushes for
text: the bars. The door's locked fast.
speaker_heading: RANDALL .
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: Horseflesh ... ! Horseflesh ... !
text: But HORSEFLESH is bounding away, grinning, up the steps towards
text: EVIL.. He throws himself down at EVIL's feet, the map held
text: out towards hin.
dialog: oo
dialog: Nace
dialog: é 1?
dialog: }
dialog: }
dialog: f .
dialog: “
dialog: 4
dialog: ‘
dialog: 118
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 104
dialog: Continued ‘ 117
speaker_heading: RORSEFLESH
dialog: The map! Evil One ... ths very
dialog: map I promieed you, is yours ...
text: EVIL looks at it, holds it, feels it, his eyes hurning with
text: a fearful delight.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: You have done well, Horseflesh,
dialog: very well...
text: . HORSEFLESE's face creases into what could almost he taken
text: for an expreesion of ahashed pride, his eyes glow with
dialog: euccess,
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: e+e You have lied, deceived and
dialog: cheated for the greater glory of
dialog: evil, you have served me faithfully
dialog: and fearlessly in my quest for the
dialog: Supreme Power and now before ns all
dialog: you shall receive your just reward ...
text: He turns to HORSEPLESH, raiees his hands, a cracking flash
text: of light encircles HOSEFLESH and he falls with a scream
text: hackwards into the darknees. But hefore he dieappears from
text: @ight in the hlack depths of the abyss, he explodes with a
text: mighty roar, and then another, and another. Bits fly high
text: into the air hursting into more and more elaborate displaye
text: of pyrotechnics. Roman candles ehriek. Spluttering hits
text: of material hounce near the cage and then shoot off into. the
text: air to hurst into amazing showers of flams. The DWARVES are
text: hoth horrified and amazed. Finally with a final glorioue
text: starburst that eends hite of phosphorescence raining down on
text: the entire assembled crowd, HORSEFLESH is no more.
text: Everyone pausee, stunned.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: (oreaking the silence)
dialog: So perieh all who dare to presume upon
dialog: the powers of the only true Evil One ...
scene_heading: INT. CAGE DAY 118
text: CUT TO rat crawling down heavy rope which supports the great
text: metal cage in which KEVIN and the reet of the GANG sit
text: dieconsolately around - their legs dangling through the
text: hars that make up the hottom of the cage. The cage is
text: now hanging high ahove the ahyes into which HORSEFLESH was
text: hurled. Some distancs away are two eimilar cagee.
text: However their occupants are crumhled SKELETONS in agonising
text: poses. No-one speaks for a while. They are just alone
text: with their failure, and the occaeional rat crawling down
dialog: 
dialog: 118
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 . 105
dialog: Continued 118
text: the hauser supporting the cage. Suddenly there is a loud
text: squeak, VERMIN holds eomething. It wriggiee.
speaker_heading: VERMIN
dialog: Rat,.anyhody ?
text: No-one takes up the offer.
speaker_heading: VERMIN
dialog: (muttering to himself)
dialog: Might he the last meal we'll get ..
text: He disconsolately opens hie mouth, hut we CUT TO STRUTTER
dialog: hefore anything really revolting can happen. STRUTTER
text: etaree at the floor. Eventually he sighe.
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: Well ... that's it, then ...
speaker_heading: WALLY
text: It's all over.
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: 1+. Bow could we have heen so‘’stupid ?
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: I dunno...
dialog: A pause,
dialog: .
text: CUT TO a phota: of Greece. Some idyllic ecene taken hy
text: KEVIN'e polaroid. He'e looking at it with tears in his
text: eyes ... KEVIN eorts through two more polaroids.
text: Picutres of Mycenae and AGAMEMNON which hring hack intolerable
text: memories for him. Then at the hottom of the pile he comes
text: across a photo of the DWAHVES in better times, flaunting
text: their wares in Sherwood Forest. He passes it. over and
text: onto another Greek scene. A pause. Then he quickly goes
text: hack to the group photo. He staree at it; then he rummages
text: hurriedly in his hag and produces a magnifying glase.
text: He appliee it to the photo, looking, not at the fac but
text: focussing .. on the map that they are proudly holding up.
text: He peers more closely. Yes, the details are visihle.
speaker_heading: ‘ KEVIN
dialog: 
dialog: Hey!
text: All the DWARVES turn. They'd almost forgotten him, KEVIN
text: clambers to his feet, and across to the DWARVES.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Look at this!
dialog: 118
dialog: Revised 6.5.30
dialog: Continued
text: They gather round the phote, he holds the magnifying glass.
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: Good one of Wally ...
dialog: ~No look ...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
speaker_heading: 105A
dialog: 118
dialog: 
dialog: 118
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 . 108
dialog: Continued
dialog: They look
dialog: Grunts of
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: D'yon eee what I eee ?
text: incomprekension from the dieillusioned band.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: The map!
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: We can see it'e the map .. but what use
dialog: ig it to us now...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Look closer ...
dialog: the Time of Legends .. see .. ?
dialog: See the Fortress of Ultimate Darknese ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Yes ...
speaker_heading: ‘KEVIN |
dialog: Well, look .. right helow it ..
text: Suddenly RANDALL lets out a low whistle of amazement.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: That's a hole ?
dialog: Yes .. look!
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: But look at the size of it!
speaker_heading: SEVIN
dialog: Exactly!
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Tt must lead anywhere ...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Everywhere ...
speaker_heading: STROTTER
dialog: What ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Look ... we've just found the higgest
dialog: hole in the Universe and it'e practically
text: right underneath our feet.
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Kevin ... you're a genius ... Come
dialog: on you lot ... shift ...
dialog: 
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 118
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 107
dialog: Continued , 118
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: (in alarm)
dialog: We'll never get out of he
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: (springing into action)
dialog: Want a bet ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: That's it Og ... we'll show ‘em
dialog: we can do something right ...
text: They work well’ and go into action methodically .. OG is
text: already studying the lock .. he grabs KEVIN'’s bag and
text: rummagee through, OG's eyes light up. He roots out
text: ths knife the Greek King gave him, KEVIN tries to etop
text: him, but realieing it’s for the cause, he reluctantly
dialog: lets OG take it.
text: 0G slips it into the lock, and with much hending and twisting,
text: which from KEVIN'’s rsactione we see is giving him heart-
text: failure ... the door swings open.
text: OG hands KEVIN his knife back with a grin of thanks, The end
text: of the beautiful Greek blade is now twisted like a corkscrew.
text: RANDALL enatches the knife out of KEVIN’s hands and hands it
text: to FIDGIT who scramhles up the outside of the now swinging |
text: cage. With the knife he hegins to cut off strands from the
text: supporting hauser, He drops them down to WALLY and STRUTTER
text: who start to braid them. Somewhat latsr they have woven a long
text: thin rope, The hauser holding the cage ie extremely frayed.
text: The GANG is definitsly working against time ~- with each
text: movement of the cage another of the few remaining strands of
text: the hauser snaps. Tying the rope around STRUTTER's waist they
text: lower him down helow the cage, Slowly they hegin to swing him
text: hack and forth. With each swing he arcs further out, The
text: hauser continues to part with these exertions. At last
text: STRUTTER, -has..gained enough momentum.and with a final swing
text: he’ reaches "the neighbouring cage. Hs clings to the bars as
text: WALLY is tied to the rope Pulling it taut and checking his
text: angle of attack, WALLY 1 s from the cage. Gracefully he
text: arcs under STRUTTER’s cage and sweeps over to the next cage.
text: The moment he has firmly grasped itehars, STRUTTER lets go
text: and swings un: WALLY and onto solid ground at the edge of the
text: abyss. Ach goes up from the rest of the GANG.
text: STRUTTER attachee the rope to a stone column. The other end
text: is attached to the cage, and after WALLY has untied himeel?
text: from the middle of it, the rope is pulled taut,
text: One hy one, the GANG slides down the rope to the ground.
text: WALLY checks his positioning and fearleesly lets go of the
text: cage and drops toward the rope. Expertly he catches it but
text: the jolt on the rope snaps the hauser holding the cage, and
text: the cage and rope plummet into the abyes. WALLY disappeare
text: as well, Panic from the GANG, MADLY they pull on the rope,
text: Up it comes ... and, eurprise, WALLY is dangling on the end.
dialog: Relief all round,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 118
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 . 108
dialog: Continued 2 . 118
text: RANDALL wipes his hrow, his eyes shine with relief and
dialog: triumph.
speaker_heading: RANDALL '
dialog: e We've done it!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Now all we need is the map ...
speaker_heading: RANDALL 1
dialog: What ? ;
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: We must get the map.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Den't he a fool, we know where the hole
dialog: is, let's get out of here ...
text: He makes to go, KEVIN grabe him.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Evil'e got the map ... Randall!
speaker_heading: ‘ RANDALL
dialog: Damn right .. the last thing we want
dialog: to do is see him again ... come on,
dialog: quick!
text: He makes to go, but KEVIN holds him firmly back.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Den't you see ? That's all he
dialog: wanted. So long as he has the
dialog: map he can destroy the. world.
dialog: We'll never get away from him.
text: RANDALL groans wretchedly.
speaker_heading: ~; SRANDALL
dialog: (slowly, with tremendous
dialog: agonized fseling)
dialog: Can't we ever do anything right ?
speaker_heading: KSVIN
dialog: Yes ... we could save the world if
dialog: we got the map hack.
text: A moment of decision. Exchange of looks. Tension has
dialog: replaced euphoria.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I... I wouldn't mind having a hash
dialog: at doing something good for once.
dialog: I'm so rottsn at being had.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Vis
dialog: 119
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 108
dialog: Continued - 118
speaker_heading: KEVIN
speaker_heading: (to STRUTTER)
dialog: Strutter ?
text: STRUTTER noda a little unsurely.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: og ?
text: OG nods with his usual eagerness, though he hasn't the first
dialog: idea ahout what's going on.
speaker_heading: EEVIN .
dialog: Vermin ? j
speaker_heading: . VERMIN
dialog: . (nods)
dialog: T'll stay with Og.
speaker_heading: SEVIN
dialog: Fidgit ?
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: . (pathetically)
dialog: All right ... I'L11 coma with you ..
dialog: So long as I don’t have to be brave ..
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: But .. look ... he's only a kid ..
speaker_heading: STRUTTER
dialog: You just said he was a genius ...
text: All turn to look at RANDALL. His face takes on an air of
dialog: hitter resignation.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Oh ... all right ... ail right ...
dialog: hut after this i... I dom't ever want
dialog: to, see .any. of you lot ever again ~ right 7
dialog: . (they all nod vigorously)
dialog: Well come on then! If we're going
dialog: to get killed, let's go and do it
dialog: properly.
scene_heading: INT. CITADEL CORRIDORS . DAY 119
text: The GANG makes their way stelathily through the dank corridors.
text: They duck into the shadows to avoid EVIL'S HENCHMEN who make
text: their rounds. As the HENCHMEN pase, the GANG follows them.
text: Rounding the corner they are confronted hy an extraordinary
text: sight ... another infinitely vast interior space with massive
text: circular column~like structures that dieappear far ahove and
text: far helow then. The GANG is standing in the gaping maw-of a
text: gigantic stone gargoyle. A pathway descends around the edge
text: of the huge column they are etanding in. Bridges crigscroes
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 110
dialog: oe 119 Continued . 119
dialog: ~ the distances hetween other columns. Far helow them a bridge
text: leads to another gargoyle mouth that appeare to be the entrance
text: . to the EVIL GENIUS grotto.
scene_heading: ' 120 «INT. EVIL GENIUS' GROTTO DAY 120
text: EVIL and his two slavering ASSISTANTS are poring over the map.
text: Around them are scattered various evil appurtenances, including
text: Skeletons, etc. EVIL ie moaning with quiet pleasure ... his
dialog: most personahle lump, the drooling attendant, BENSON, ie heside
text: , him... BENSON thinks and speaks, and indeed exists, with
dialog: difficulty.
speaker_heading: ‘ EVIL
dialog: ' c Oh ... Beneon .., I feel the power
text: , of evil coursing through my veins,
dialog: i filling every corner of my heing
dialog: . with the desire to do wrong ... I
dialog: ’ . feel so had Beneon ...
speaker_heading: : BENSON
dialog: Good ... good ...
speaker_heading: ) EVIL
dialog: Yee it is good - for this is the
dialog: ai ‘ worse sort of hadnees I am feeling ...
speaker_heading: BENSON .
dialog: : Kill me! Kill me! Master ...
speaker_heading: , EVIL
dialog: Not yet Beneon. We have work to
dialog: do ... no lees a work than to over-
dialog: Cc throw creation itself. We will re-
dialog: make man in our image not his, we
dialog: will turn the mountaine into sea ...
scene_heading: 121 INT. ENTRANCE TO EVIL GENIUS' GROTTO DaY- 121
text: The GANG arrive outside the door. KEVIN peers through the
text: keyhole.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: (continued, from inside)
dialog: «+. and the sea into fire and the
text: fire into a mighty rushing wind that
dialog: will cover the face of the earth and
dialog: wipe clean the scourge of woolly thinking
dialog: once and for all.
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 28.4.B0 aii
scene_heading: 122 INT. EVIL GENIUS' GROTTO DAY 122
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BENSON
dialog: (trying, with considerahle
dialog: effort, to equal bie
dialog: master’s passionate
dialog: gense of miesion)
dialog: We can make ... beans into peas .:.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: Oh Benson, dear Beneon ... you are
dialog: eo mercifully free of the ravages
dialog: of intelligence ...
speaker_heading: BENSON
dialog: You say such nice things, maeter ...
speaker_heading: ' EVIL .
dialog: . Yes ... I'm sorry ... now Beneon ...
dialog: . I'm going to have to turn you into
dialog: ' a dog for a while.
speaker_heading: BENSON
dialog: Thank you master ...
text: There is a flash.
scene_heading: 123 «INT. ENTRANCE TO EVIL GENIUS' GROTTO DAY 123
text: The GANG reels back.
scene_heading: 124 INT. EVIL GENIUS'GROTTO DAY 124
text: Sure enough, 2 black drooling MONGREL now eits on the tahle
text: with the map, where BENSON used to he.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: Guard the map!
text: DOG barks in acquiescence.
dialog: 
text: EVIL turns to the pool through which he hae watched the
text: DWARVES arrive here.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: Robert, we must plan a New World
dialog: together ..
speaker_heading: (ROBERT grunts)
dialog: +. but this time we will start
dialog: properly. Tell me ahout computere.
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: 124
dialog: 128
dialog: 126
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 112
dialog: Continued 124
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (a lurking bulk, who is
speaker_heading: almost as limited as BENSON
dialog: in his grasp of the basic
dialog: essentials of language)
text: A computer is an antomatic electronic
dialog: apparatus for making calculations or
dialog: controlling operations that are expressible
dialog: in numerical or logical terms.
scene_heading: INT, ENTRANCE TO EVIL GENIUS’ GROTTO Dat 125
text: Outside the door KEVIN beckons the others to enter. They
text: slowly push the door open.
scene_heading: INT. EVIL GEN1US' GROTTO DAY 126
text: EVIL is getting frighteningly exoited.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: And fast breeder reactors ?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Fast breeder reactors use a fast
dialog: fission process for the generation of
dialog: fissile isotopes ...
text: The GANG tiptoes in.. The DOG barks. They freeze and
text: back into tbs shadow.
dialog: EVIL turne. ”
speaker_heading: EV1L
dialog: Quiet Benson! ++. Show me more,
dialog: Robert ... sbow ms more ... show
dialog: me subscriber trunk dialling. 4
dialog: must. know everything.
text: The DWARVES move forward, again the DOG barks. KEVIN stops,
text: almost beeide a skeleton. Suddenly be bas an idea,
text: Stealthily he reaches for a sksleton'e leg ... picks it up
text: and flings it into a corner of the room. BENSON the DOG
text: rune after it.
text: OG and VERMIN race forward to the table. OG leaps on
text: VERMLN's shoulders, grabs the map (which is rolled up, like
text: a scroll). He tosses it to RANDALL, who catcbes it and
text: throws it to KEVIN.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (bisses)
dialog: Quick!
dialog: 126
dialog: Revised 26.4.80 113
dialog: Continued . 126
text: He holda the door as they turn and race out. The scuffling
text: makes EVIL whip round from his screen ... he registers the
text: map has gone ... and screams:
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: Stop!
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: ‘
dialog: 
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: Revised 23.4.60 114
dialog: Continued a 126
text: But they are all out of the door and eafely away, except for
text: OG who slips as he makes for the decor. The EVIL GENIUS, eree
text: hlazing, fires hie fingertip rockets hy hending back his
text: mandarine fingernails in rapid succession. OG hursts into a
text: hlazs of tiny explosione.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE TO EVIL GENIUS’ GROTTO DAY 127
text: The flash of light from inside illuminates VERMIN as he hurls
text: himself out of the decor and joins the others. A second later
text: OG emerges. He ie, however, only OG from the waist downwards.
text: Above that he has heen changed into a pig.
text: Quick reactions of OTHERS looking horrified ... hut there's no
text: time to he lost. From inside we hear a shrisk of malevolent
dialog: anger ...
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGE TO EVIL GENIUS’ GROTTO DAY 128
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: After them! Stop them hy every
dialog: meane in my ower! -
text: From the mouth of the gargoyle entrance a gigantic fireball
text: vomite forth ... just as the gang clear the hridge.
scene_heading: INT. CITADEL CORRIDORS DaY 129
text: The GANG rush back the way they came. Behind them the sound
text: of distant footeteps thunders through the halls. The GANG
text: races on. Wind hegins to howl around them. Strange swirling
text: lighting begins to illuminate the place. Suddenly, in front
text: of them, the stone flooring hegins to hurst apart. From
text: under the floor rises a horrific GHOUL. Another section of
text: the floor bursts open. Another GHOUL appears. Terrifying.
text: The GANG detours. With these howling apparitions hlocking
text: their way to the dungeon KEVIN denidee they must separate.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Randall! You go and get help ... go
dialog: down the hole ... go wherever you can
dialog: and hring hack whatever you can!
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Aren't you coming?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: No I'll stay and draw them away ...
text: (he holds up the map) .
dialog: ++. This ie what he wants. It may
dialog: delay him.
speaker_heading: “RANDALL
dialog: On your own?
dialog: home 129
dialog: 130
speaker_heading: 431/
dialog: 132°
dialog: | 133
dialog: 
dialog: 115
dialog: Continued . 129
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: No I'11 take one other ...
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: {rather pathetically
text: grunts and looks im-
dialog: ploringly at Kevin)
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yes, Og and me will etay ... try
dialog: and get help ... quick!
scene_heading: INT. CITADEL CORRIDORS Dar 130
text: KEVIN and OG dodge through the corridors. Firehalls whirl
text: past them. Baying einieter SHAPES crash after them. The
text: evil forces get cloeer and closer.
dialog: 131/
speaker_heading: DELETED ety
scene_heading: INT, GREAT HALL «DAY. 133
text: KEVIN and OG charge through a doorway and discover themselves
text: in a coloseal hall. The floor and one sloping stone wall
text: are coloured in a gigantic chequerhoard pattern. Great stone
text: hlecke are piled up in odd formations. A large section of the
text: ceiling has collapsed and light streams in from this jagged
text: opening high above. In the centre of this pool of lignt
text: etands EVIL. Behind the BOY and the DEMI-PIG are EVIL'S
text: FORCES. They are trapped. EVIL gazes smugly at KEVIN.
speaker_heading: EVIL :
dialog: You are a very trouhlesome little
dialog: fellow - eo troublesome that I ehould
dialog: teach you one of my epecial lessons ...
text: Some grunte of knowing laughter from his HENCHMEN.
dialog: «+e bow could
dialog: anyone waste their time creating
dialog: eomething so ... inferior ... let's
dialog: do a bit of ‘creating’ ourselves,
dialog: shall we Rohert ?
text: (he looks at KEVIN)
dialog: What do you think ? Half donkey,
dialog: half warthog, half caterpillar,
dialog: half chicken ... ? Or perhaps
text: just a hack tooth in the mouth
dialog: of a starving sewer rat ...
text: More knowing laughter. EVIL suddenly stops grinning. He
text: looks hard and terrifying and straight into KEVIN'e eyes.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 133
dialog: Revised 2B.4.80 116
dialog: Continued ‘ 133
text: KEVIN grabs a torch from a nearby column and holds the map
text: heside it. The EVIL GENIUS snarls .. KEVIN has the
dialog: initiative again.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Call off thoss ... creatures ... or
dialog: I destroy ths map for ever ..
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: Don't be so ..
dialog: Call them off!
speaker_heading: EVIL :
dialog: Very well! IT have no need of them.
text: The GHOUL and the HENCHMEN disappsar in a hall of fire.
text: EVIL's face hardens into truly disturbing nastiness.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: De you realise who you are dealing
dialog: with hoy ? ~
text: He starts to advance slowly and remorselessly on KEVIN.
dialog: T have the power to destroy anyone
dialog: T want, in any way I want as fast
dialog: as I want. T need no help from
dialog: anyhody, for I am Evil. Give mas
dialog: ths map and I will spare ... some ..
dialog: of your life...
speaker_heading: ° KEVIN
dialog: No... nol Not
text: EVIL puts his hand out. A shaft of light flashes and curls
text: on to OG .. OG turns into a total pig. KEVIN looks horror-
text: struck, EVIL is advancing.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: Give me the map!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: No!
text: EVIL is close, quick as a flash hie arm goes up. KEVIN
text: screams and olutchss his face; when he looks he sees EVIL
text: leering in triumph, map held aloft, and ahout to do
text: Something very nasty to KEVIN. He advances, KEVIN hurls
text: himself to the floor. EVIL turns and is ahout to crush
text: him when suddenly there is an almighty crash. KEVIN
text: thinks he's dead and instinctively shuts his eyes tight.
text: But when he opens them he sess the EVIL GENIUS has frozen
text: with arm upraised and is staring hehind KEVIN. Nothing
speaker_heading: NK
dialog: 4
dialog: 133
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 oi 117
dialog: Continued . 133
text: less than a huge Sherman tank crashee ite way through
text: the wall with RANDALL at the controle.
text: _ KEVIN is amazed. From another doorway a cry of "Kevin!"
text: and a group of mounted fully-armoured KNIGHTS led hy
text: STRUTTER gallop up to KEVIN's eide. A strange whining
text: noise announces the arrival of a Strange futuristic laser
text: gun device. Descending on anti-gravity pads from above
text: their heads, WALLY ie manoeuvring it into position, From
text: somewhere else in the dark receeeee of the hall comes
text: gunfire and a POSSE of American COWBOYS gallops up,
text: whooping and hollering as they do. VERMIN rides with
text: one of them. KEVIN whirls round unable to take it
text: all in. Finally to the clatter of a horse-drawn chariot,
text: FIDGIT arrives. He etands in the chariot next to the
text: GREEK KING, Behind them at a dog-trot are a company of
scene_heading: GREEK ARCHERS.
text: KEVIN cannot belidve it. He rushes to AGAMEMNON’s chariot
text: and embraces him.
speaker_heading: AGAMEMNON
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Now I-will teach you to fight ...
text: EVIL looks around the assembled FORCES with an amused and
text: disdainful smile.
speaker_heading: EVIL
dialog: So this is the beet. that the Supreme
dialog: Being can do? |
speaker_heading: CHIEF COWBOY
dialog: Is that the hohunk who's causing all
dialog: the trouble ? Well we won't have no
dialog: problem there ... come on guys ...
dialog: we'll finish this dude before breakfast ...
speaker_heading: COWBOYS
dialog: Yeesir!
text: Before KEVIN can stop. them they charge off towarde EVIL.
text: Lassoos whirling they hear down on him with mighty whoope
text: and hollers. Great fun this. A lariat snakes out and lassoos
text: the EVIL GENIUS with ease. Another encircles him. And then
text: another. The EVIL GENIUS does nothing. The COWBOYS tightens
text: the slack on the ropee. They surround him. He can't move.
speaker_heading: COWBOY LEADER
dialog: (shouts back to Kevin)
dialog: See, 20 prohlem, sonny. You can
dialog: call your men off! We'll bring him
dialog: in - aaaaarghh!
dialog: At that very moment he ie whipped off his horse. So are the
text: other COWBOYS. ‘The EVIL GENIUS has begun to spin. Faster and
speaker_heading: WAS
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 133
dialog: 118
dialog: Continued . 133
text: faster he spins. The COWBOYS hold on for dear life at the
text: end of their ropee. Higher and higher they epin. Faster
text: and faster whirls the EVIL GENIUS. The GANG looks on in
text: horror. From the centre of the red whirling SHAPE that is
text: the EVIL GENIUS comes an arm with a vicious-looking knife, It
text: hseitatee for a moment, and then, slicee. The ropes part
text: and the COWBOYS sail through the air... right through the
text: window opening high in the wall. One of them arce right over
text: the heads of KEVIN’S FORCES and is gone. The COWBOYS are all
text: dead. The EVIL GENIUS has etopped spinning and laughe. The
text: . GANG ie etunnsd into eilence. KEVIN is angry.
text: Ee summons the KNIGHTS and deploye them in a great semi-circle
text: around the EVIL GENIUS. At the BOY’e signal they charge.
text: Their mighty horsee shake ths ground with their pounding
text: hooves. Deadly lancee point directly at the EVIL GENIUS as
text: the KNIGHTS cannon towards him. Calmly he removes from the
text: folds of his rohe a gas mask. Sscuring it in place he throws
text: his arme upwards. From the sleevee of hie coetume great
text: jets of thick hlack smoke shoot skywards. The KNIGHTS are
text: practically upon him when a curtain of hlack smoke descends
text: around them. Obecured from view, the KNIGHTS can he heard
dialog: to be wreaking the most awful vengeance on the unfortunate
text: EVIL GENIUS. The BOY and the DWARVES wait expectantly.
text: Suddenly all is quiet. and then, from the depths of the
text: black emoke appears a horse - galloping riderless avay.
text: A second horee appeare. Also riderless. Then another.
text: And another, The BOY and the DWARVES etand aghast ae the
text: smoke lifte revealing a tangled mass of KNIGHTS ~ all
text: impaled on each other's lances. They form a terrihle free~
text: standing eculpture. The EVIL GENIUS stands next to hie
text: work smiling smugly.
text: Angrily, the GREEK KING ordere hie ARCHERS forward. They
text: rush into position and, drawing back their hows, ist fly a
text: deadly shower of arrows. As the arrows course across the
text: eky the EVIL GEN1LUS swirls his red robe around him with a ~
text: defiant eweep. Pulling hack, we. can see he has turned
text: himself into a giant red. pincuehion = complete ‘with giant
text: thimhle, needle and thread. The arrows thump into the soft
text: Pincuehion. Drawing in a huge breath, ths EVIL GENIUS
text: expande the pincushion. and then, with a great grunt, he
text: expels the arrows from the pincuehion ~ sending them
text: flying hack to where they came fron. Everyone runs for
text: cover hut to no avail. The ARCHERS are wiped out to the
text: last man. KEVIN orders the tank and the laeer gun to open
text: up on the EVIL GENIUS but the EVIL GENIUS is ahle to control
text: the machines. The DWARVES can’t stop thsm from heing turnsd
text: on KEVIN and the .othere. The machinee have gone berserk.
text: The GANG is caught in the crossfire. The tank rumhles to~
text: wards them. KEVIN slips and ie about to he cruehed under
text: the tracks when the GREEK KING rushee out and snatches him
text: away in the nick of time. But in so doing the GREEK KING
text: ie cut down hy the laser gun. He is hurled along the ground
text: with a cry.
dialog: 
dialog: —~
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 133
dialog: 
dialog: Revieed 28.4.30 113g
dialog: Continued . 133
text: The EVIL GENIUS laughs wildly at this. But the GREEK KING
text: has landed just. below the EVIL GENIUS and unnoticed by the
text: EVIL GENIUS he reaches for his knifs, and ie ahout to fling .
text: it on the unprotected back of the EVIL GENIUS, when KEVIN
text: e@ees the danger and screams:
speaker_heading: . KEVIN
dialog: No!
text: The EVIL GENIUS whips round to see AGAMEMNON pull himssl¢
text: up, and make to throw the knife as the roof above him crumblee,
text: hurying him beneath the rubble.
text: KEVIN looks back at the smoking pile of rubble. His eyes
text: till with tears that pour uncontrollably down his cheeks.
text: Through it all hie anger returns. Defiantly he confronts
text: the snarling figure of EVIL triumphant. The GANG cowers
text: in abeolute terror. There ie nowhere elee to run.
text: It is the end. The figure of EVIL ecems to swell, the
text: leer becomes terrifyingly ugly. The eyes burn down.
text: He begins to glow as he summons all hie terrifying power.
text: The DWARVES look helplessly for cover but all is destroyed.
text: The GANG screams.
text: Then euddenly, from somewhere behind them a gigantic bolt “
text: of lightning splits the air and strikes the EVIL GENIUS
text: dead centre. He turns to carbon. A perfect charcoal
text: ’ replica of his former self - petrified for evar. KEVIN
text: and the DWARVES spin around to ese who or what it was that ‘
dialog: saved them. Lo and behold, it is none other than the
text: SUPREME BEING. The DWARVES are at oncs elated and at the
text: Same time terrified. The SUPREME BEING has finally
text: caught up with them.
speaker_heading: RANDALL .
dialog: (protrating himself
text: on the floor and urging
dialog: the others to do the same)
dialog: Get down! Get down!
text: Then the SUPREME BEING euddenly, before their very averted
text: eyee, metamporphoses from his glowing radiant impressive
text: long white-flowing bearded self to a rather ordinary
text: bureaucrat in a not very well-fitting suit.
text: He shakes himself. He eeems to be tired and irritable.
dialog: He'e not unliks Alec Guinness playing George Smiley, but
text: quite unlike Dirk Bogarde in "The Spanish Gardener’.
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 6.5.80. 120
dialog: 
dialog: 133 Continued . 133
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: ' (with distaste)
dialog: Oh ... I hate having to appear like
dialog: that. It really is the most tire-
text: somely noisy manifestation. Still -
dialog: rather expected of one, I'm afraid.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: (heckoning to the others
dialog: to prostrate themselves)
dialog: Get down .... get down ...
text: But RANDALL is on his knees.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Oh Great One, Supreme Being ... Creator
dialog: of the Universe, without Whom we would
text: he mere scarab beetles on the dung heap
dialog: of -
speaker_heading: : SUPREME BEING
dialog: (looking sound at the chaos)
dialog: , What a dreadful mess = is the pig with you ?
dialog: ?
text: The GANG nods.
dialog: Right, better sort him out first.
dialog: 
text: He looks briefly in OG's direction. OG changes hefore their
text: very eyes from pig to OG.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Oh, I was enjoying that.
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: (fussily)
dialog: If there's one thing I can't stand it's .
dialog: mess ... Come on, pick all this stuff up .. 2
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Oh yes @ir ... of course sir ...
text: (he scrambles to his feet
dialog: and starts to clear up)
dialog: + (to others)
dialog: a Quick ... oh sir .. oh Great One ...
dialog: we can explain everything honestly
dialog: we didn't mean to steal the map ..
dialog: we didn’t mean to run away .. we ..
dialog: (he recovers map from debris)
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: : % What do you mean, you didn't mean to
dialog: e steal the map ?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ~~ Revised 6.5.80 . 121
dialog: . 133° Continued , 133
speaker_heading: RANDALL -
dialog: (hapleesly, dusting map off)
dialog: Well it just sort of ...
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: (grabhing map from Randall)
dialog: Of course you didn't mean to steal the
dialog: map ... I gave it to yon... you silly
dialog: man... and this ..,
dialog: : (indicating a particular hit
dialog: of filth on the floor -
text: RANDALL rushes to pick it up -
dialog: the others are all cleaning)
dialog: D'yon really think I didn't know ?
text: RANDALL'e mouth falls open.
speaker_heading: ' . RANDALL
dialog: Mom ?
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: | . I had to have some way of testing my
dialog: : handiwork .. I think he turned out rather
dialog: well, don't you ?
speaker_heading: RANDALL -
dialog: 
dialog: What eir ?
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: Evil! +. Turned out rather well -
dialog: _ mmm?
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Oh ... er yes.
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: Iwas a little worried to start with ...
dialog: I thought he'd just given op...
text: resigned himself to heing imprisoned here.
dialog: But in the end I was Jolly pleased with
dialog: him .. he redly gave yon a very had time,
dialog: didn't he ? +. whose are these ?
text: (he holds out KEVIN’'s original
dialog: clothes)
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Mine, eir.
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: You really are an untidy hoy ...
text: (he hande them over, then holds
dialog: out pad and pen)
dialog: Sign here.
dialog: s)
speaker_heading: O
dialog: Revieed 6.3.80 ue
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Bb
dialog: 133
text: KEVIN signe. SUPREME BEING checke signature and puts book away.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: Peace you knew what was happening to
dialog: us
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: Well of course ... I am the Supreme Being
dialog: +o. I'm not entirely dim.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: No sir, no sir... of course ... it's just
dialog: that we ...
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: I let you make the map ... then I let you
dialog: acquire it ... I chased you as elowly as
dialog: I convincingly could .. quite honestly
dialog: there were timee when I nearly gave up
dialog: the whole test .. Evil was doing very little
dialog: +++ YOU were heing rather wet ... Now I want
dialog: his remains nlacad in here ... right away ..
text: Be indicatcs a very solid steel drum. The DWARVES set to
text: picking up the charcoal figure of EVIL. ‘
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Oh yes sir... right away sir...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: . You mean, you let all those people die just
dialog: to test your creation ?
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: Yes ... you're rather a clever little
dialog: chap .. I was rather pleased with the way
dialog: I made you...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: But why did they have to die ?
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: You might as well say why do we have
dialog: to have Evil ..
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Oh we wouldn't dream of queetioning ...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yee, why do we have to have Evil ?
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: Ah ... I think it's something to do with
dialog: free will ... Oh do he careful!!
dialog: 3
dialog: Revised 6.5.80 1224
dialog: \
dialog: 133° Continued . 133
text: The DWARVES in their haste have dropped the figure of EVIL.
text: It hreaks into several pieces.
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: Don't lose that stuff .. that's concentrated
dialog: Evil ... one drop of that could turn you
dialog: all into hermit crabs ..
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: Sorry eir! Sorry .. so... we
dialog: We can have our jobs hack then ...
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: Well I think I'll haveto ... you certainly
dialog: were appallingly hai robbers ... In fact
dialog: I may have to give you a promotion ...
dialog: seeing as you've helped me out.
dialog: (he looks at them)
dialog: Undergrowth department ?
text: They all nod. "Oh yes".
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ' RANDALL
dialog: - Thank you ... thank you ...
scene_heading: wr) . SUPREME BEING
dialog: . (indicating drum of EVIL hits)
dialog: Is it all there ?
speaker_heading: (DWARVES nod)
dialog: Right .. come on then ... back to Creation.
dialog: I mustn't waste any more time ...
dialog: Everyone'll think I've loet control
dialog: again.... put it all down toe evolution ..
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Sir...
dialog: Revised 28.4.80 123
dialog: 133 Continued - 133
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: wa (testily)
dialog: Yes ...
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: What about my friend sir ..
dialog: can he come with us ..
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: No, I'm afraid not... He must carry
dialog: on the.fight ... come on, hurry ...
speaker_heading: FIDGIT
dialog: But sir... he deserves something ..
dialog: without him...
speaker_heading: SUPREME BEING
dialog: Oh yes .. but he's got to carry on
dialog: the fight ..
text: He transmogrifies.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: t ESVIN
dialog: . Hey ... please ... don't leave me. ..
dialog: please ...
text: Rushing wind noise. .
speaker_heading: DWARVES
dialog: Bye Kevin ... bye Kevin...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Don't leave me ... don't leave me.
text: Smoke from the vanishing SUPREME BEING hegins to swirl around
dialog: him.
scene_heading: 134 INT. KEVIN'S BEDROOM DAWN 134
text: KEVIN wakes up in his bed - smoke is all around him.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (half-asleep)
dialog: Don't leave me ... please ...
text: Smoke is hillowing into the room ... and the door is being
text: hashed down, FIREMEN rush in.
speaker_heading: i ‘ FIREMAN
dialog: Come on ... come on,
speaker_heading: x SEVIN
dialog: e What happened ? What happened ?
dialog: -O
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137.
dialog: Rsvised 28.4.80 124
dialog: Continued : 134
text: As the FIREMEN drag him out of the room, they crush KEVIN's
text: chequer hoard lying balf folded on the floor. On the chequer
text: hoard reets a toy tank, laser gun and a variety of toy
text: cowhoys, knights, and archers. It looks to he a close copy
dialog: of the Great Hall.
scene_heading: EXT. KEVIN'S HOUSE DAWN 135
text: KEVIN is dragged out of ths smoking, sparking interior of his
text: house. His MOTHER is frantically trying to go hack in to
text: eave some prize appliance - FIREMEN restrain her. KEVIN's
text: FATHER is trying to explain to another FIREMAN how the hlaze
dialog: hegan - something to do with the auto-toaster wire getting
text: connected to the eezi-heat speed cooking over - they are
text: all hustled out of shot. NEIGHBOURS rush from their houses.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING ESTATE PARK DAWN 136-
text: The INHABITANTS of the flaming, exploding housing estate
text: eluster in the early morning light - their hair in curlers,
text: dressing gowns clutched ahout them, the odd rescued gadget
text: in their arms. The housing estate is engulfed in a holocaust
text: of smoke's flames as these good folks hicksr amongst themselves
dialog: as to who is to blame for the disaster.
text: KEVIN separatee himself from the petty acquisitive consumer-
text: oriented crowd. A faint smile actually appears on his face.
text: Then he notices he still has his satchsl around his neck.
text: He dips into it and pulls out his Polaroid - as he doee a
text: couple of picturee fall out onto the ground. He takes a
text: picture of the demise of the housing estate and turns and
text: walks off towards the rising sun. A slight hreeze flips
text: the fallen photos over as they lie on the ground. We close
text: in on one of them. It 4e the picture of the GANG in
text: Sherwood Forest. Over this we hear the eound of the DWARVES’
text: marching song.
scene_heading: EXT. EILL DAWN . . 137
text: Over the hrow of the hill marchee KEVIN to the beat of the
text: DWARVES' marching song. In the distance hehind him can he
text: seen the smoke from the consumed estate. As he risee over
dialog: @ ridge we eee he is not alone. There strung out hehind
text: him is the GANG heartily singing their song. We pan with
text: them as they march across the hill until we face the morning
text: sun. As it hlazes into the lens KEVIN and the GANG march
text: etraight into it as the song crescendoes toward a magnificent
text: finale. CREDITS ROLL.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: cb
dialog: 13
dialog: Continued
dialog: Credits hegin to roll. Over this the sounds of the
text: DWARVES MARCHING SONG begins to crescendo towards a magnificent
dialog: finale:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 137
dialog: Hey=ho, nonny-nonny nok
dialog: Yum Tum Tiddle-eye tot
dialog: Fo tum Tra la la-la lee
dialog: We are a nasty lot
dialog: Tiddle-eye toh tum
dialog: Rum tikki tikki toh
dialog: We'll all be stinking rich
dialog: With a caetle or two
dialog: And a mountain view
dialog: And a private cricket pitch
dialog: Hey-ho, nicky-nocky nam
dialog: Yum tum tikka eye-lay .
dialog: Wham! Bam! Grab it if you can
dialog: Who says crime doesn't pay ...
dialog: With our horrible looks,
dialog: and our mean little eyes
dialog: And our hearts as hard as rock
dialog: On! We strike terror everywhere
dialog: We go.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
