speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Written by
scene_heading: JOHN NORVILLE and RON SHELTON
dialog: December 1995 Draft
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
dialog: 1.
text: TINNY CHEATIN' HEART MUSIC, the dull GROAN of a TRACTOR,
text: CRICKETS CHIRPIN' love songs, sporadic ZAPS from BUG
text: LIGHTS, and an occasional random THWOCK as we --
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 EXT. TEXAS - DRAMATIC ANGLE - SUNSET 1
text: Out west where the sun descends gloriously over desolate
text: mountains. A sense of timeless and incorruptible beauty
text: if you ignore the TWANG of the MUSIC, the SPUTTER of the
text: TRACTOR, the ZAPS, the THWACKS... and something else...
text: ... MEN'S VOICES. Garrulous with drink, fraternity and
dialog: amusement.
dialog: We PAN DOWN TO:
scene_heading: 2 EXT. DRIVING RANGE - LATE DAY 2
text: A man, JOSE, is on the roof, wrestling with a rickety
text: satellite dish, stringing wire, trying to get it to work.
text: (We get glimpses of him throughout the scene as he
text: struggles with what is assuredly a pirate operation.)
text: Four of six floodlights nailed to the roof cast pools of
text: yellow into the gathering darkness. ROY "TIN CUP" McAVOY
text: stands under the swarm of moths crowding the brightest
text: light, hitting golf balls. THWOCK...! Launching them,
text: really, into the deepening night. There's a beer between
text: his legs. Behind him:
text: A group of men forms a semicircle, facing away from Tin
text: Cup. These men are the range regulars: CURT, CLINT,
text: EARL, and DEWEY. Each man has money in one hand and his
dialog: preferred libation in the other. They're all looking
text: back and forth between the bug lights hung on the back
text: wall, and muttering what sounds like bets to:
text: ROMEO POSAR -- a smaller man, he stands at the center of
text: the group with a handful of cash. Romeo is a part-time
text: bookie and full-time driving range man. Born across the
text: river in Mexico, Romeo is Tin Cup's caddie, confidante,
dialog: best friend.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Okay, all bets are down!
text: Their eyes rivet on the bug lights, edgy, hopeful,
text: until... ZAP! A BUG is ELECTROCUTED. And Dewey cheers
text: triumphantly while the other regulars mutter curses about
dialog: how they woulda, coulda, shoulda bet.
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Number one is the winner! Dewey
dialog: has the winner. Pays five to two!
text: Romeo quickly pays Dewey and more quickly takes money from
text: the losers. It's fast-paced, inane, time-killing
text: gambling. Tin Cup looks over.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Don't you shitheels ever get
dialog: bored?
text: The regulars flap dismissive palms and mutter in the
text: negative as they turn back to Romeo and the action at the
text: bug lights.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: ... 'Cuz I got a riddle.
text: Tin Cup leads the regulars inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A3 INT. DRIVING RANGE - LATE DAY A3
text: Tin Cup holds court.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Takes about two ounces of brains
dialog: to figure it out. Anyone think
dialog: they got a brain with two ounces
dialog: of brains in it?
text: The regulars silently look at each other, reluctant to
text: reveal the heft of their brains.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: For Chrissakes, boys! A little
dialog: self-confidence from the players'
dialog: gallery. We ain't talking long
dialog: division.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (timidly)
dialog: How much we gotta lose?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You want to liven things up, Earl?
dialog: That's a hell of an idea. Say
dialog: everyone puts in twenty bucks and
dialog: the pot goes to whoever solves the
dialog: riddle.
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: You going to get the riddle, Tin
dialog: Cup?
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: Dewey. I'm the one asking the
dialog: riddle. I already know the
dialog: answer. I don't getta guess.
dialog: Although... We could say if I get
dialog: to five hundred bounces and no one
dialog: gets the riddle, I get the pot.
dialog: And I know what you're thinking.
dialog: It's an impossible riddle. Well,
dialog: It's not. It's an easy riddle.
dialog: And if somehow by the grace of
dialog: fluke luck I win, and you all
dialog: don't agree it was an easy
dialog: riddle, hell, I'll refund your
dialog: money.
scene_heading: EARL, CLINT &amp; ALL
dialog: I'm in... We're in... Count us
dialog: in... etc...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Okay, a man's driving down the
dialog: road with his son and they get
text: in a crash. Two ambulances come
dialog: and take the man and his son to
dialog: different hospitals. Son goes
text: into the operating room, the
text: doctor looks at him and says, 'I
dialog: can't operate on this boy. He's
dialog: my son.' How's that possible?
dialog: (beat)
text: The clock's ticking boys...
text: Tin Cup begins bouncing a ball on the face of his wedge.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Father didn't sneak back in,
dialog: right? He's still at the other
dialog: hospital?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: It ain't 'Star Trek,' Earl. No
dialog: one beamed him aboard.
text: That eliminates the most plausible theory in their minds.
dialog: The men think harder.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Well... if the father married the
dialog: son's daughter --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: It's a family riddle, Earl. Think
dialog: clean thoughts.
dialog: 4.
text: The regulars puzzle some more.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Give us a little hint.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (O.S.)
dialog: The doctor's a woman.
text: All heads turn to take in the arrival of:
scene_heading: 3 MOLLY GRISWOLD 3
text: Standing just inside the door -- she's a fresh-faced
dialog: beauty in her early thirties, and she's got all new
dialog: everything the sport of golf requires: new bag, new
dialog: clubs, new shoes, new clothes, new visor... she looks
text: like she stepped out of an ad in Golf Digest. And all
dialog: the men are asking themselves the same question: what's
text: she doing here? The silence invites Molly to supply the
text: riddle's answer.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: The doctor is the son's mother.
dialog: Feminists pose the riddle to
dialog: reveal how deeply our sexual
dialog: stereotypes run.
dialog: (directly to Tin Cup)
dialog: I take it you're a feminist?
text: Tin Cup misses the ball he's been bouncing, breaking the
text: spell. The regulars wait for Tin Cup's response.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Ma'am, I've been called a lot of
dialog: things -- but no one's ever
dialog: saddled me with that one.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You might try being saddled
dialog: sometime -- the smell of leather,
dialog: the sting of a whip...
text: The regulars snicker, enjoying her one-upmanship.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (slightly taken
dialog: aback)
dialog: I'm just a humble golf pro...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You're Roy McAvoy the golf pro? I
dialog: pictured something... different.
dialog: I have a seven o'clock lesson.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I thought I had a Doctor Griswold
dialog: 5.
dialog: at seven.
text: They hurry out to the range, Tin Cup oblivious to his
dialog: gaffe.
text: And the regulars gather to look out the window --
scene_heading: 4 THEIR POV - THROUGH WINDOW 4
text: To the range, where Molly is stretching and Tin Cup is
text: discreetly waving to the regulars to get lost.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 5 EXT. DRIVING RANGE - NIGHT 5
text: The lesson begins. Tin Cup can be slightly condescending
text: in these situations, though she's got him a little wary.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: The first thing you gotta learn
dialog: about this game, Doc, is it ain't
dialog: about hitting a little white ball
dialog: into some yonder hole. It's about
dialog: inner demons and self-doubt and
dialog: human frailty and overcoming all
dialog: that crap. So... what kinda
dialog: doctor'd you say you were?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I'm a psychologist -- in layman's
dialog: terms call me a neo-Jungian, post-
dialog: modern Freudian, holistic
dialog: secularist.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Damn.
text: She begins unpacking one of her bags, pulling out every
text: golf gimmick on the market -- swing aid straps to pull
text: your elbows together, a ball pendulum that hangs from
dialog: your hat, a metal contraption for your feet, etc.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Inner demons and human frailty are
dialog: my life's work. I used to
dialog: practice in El Paso but I've moved
dialog: here now...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What're those?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I ordered these from the Golf
dialog: Channel.
dialog: 6.
text: He stares in disbelief as she tries to wriggle into some
text: of this stuff. He's enchanted and dismayed.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: That stuff's a waste of money.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I'm sure there are excesses and
dialog: repetitions here, but I believe in
dialog: the gathering of knowledge and I
dialog: figured, well, there must be some
dialog: truths about the golf swing
dialog: illustrated by these devices --
dialog: and that you'd help me sort
dialog: through it.
text: She stands there with contraptions coming from every
dialog: limb.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I have dozens of golf videotapes,
dialog: too... And a golf watch.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (irritated, impatient)
dialog: Take it off. All of it. Now!
dialog: You're a smart woman, for
dialog: Chrissakes -- don't you know the
dialog: work of charlatans when you see
dialog: it?
text: She deposits all the golf gimmick devices in a pile.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: No. I can always tell when
text: someone is lying to himself, but
dialog: I'm quite susceptible and
dialog: frequently wrong when that person
dialog: lies to me.
dialog: (pointing to the
dialog: pile of devices)
dialog: That stuff cost me over 200
dialog: dollars --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Then it's 200 dollars of shit...
text: He tees a ball, hands Molly her driver and steps back.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Go ahead. Take a swing.
text: Molly takes a pitty-pat swing and whiffs, and mutters
text: under her breath with the ease of a longshoreman.
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Aw, fuck...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Well, you talk like a golfer --
text: Molly unloads a mighty second swing. The club head
text: bounces off the mat. The ball sits untouched.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: 'Fuck...' 'Shit...' these are
dialog: highly technical golf terms and
dialog: you're using them on your first
dialog: lesson -- this is promising.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Awright, wise ass, show me.
text: Tin Cup takes the club from Molly, motions for her to
text: step back, tees up a ball, and rockets a drive into the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Something like that.
text: He hands her back the club and tees up another ball.
text: Molly just looks at him.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Impressive. Y'know, I tend to
dialog: process things verbally. Can you
dialog: break down into words how you did
dialog: that?
text: Tin Cup takes a deep breath -- this is his speech.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: 'What is the golf swing?' -- by
dialog: Roy McAvoy.
dialog: (beat)
text: The golf swing is a poem.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP (CONT'D)
dialog: Sometimes a love sonnet and
dialog: sometimes a Homerian epic -- it is
dialog: organic and of a piece, yet it
text: breaks down into elegant stanzas
dialog: and quatrains. The critical
dialog: opening phrase of this song is the
dialog: grip, in which the hands unite to
dialog: form a single unit by the simple
dialog: overlap of the smallest finger...
dialog: (displays grip)
text: ... held lightly, a conductor's
dialog: 8.
dialog: baton.
dialog: (starts swing)
text: Lowly and slowly the clubhead is
text: pulled back, led into position
text: not by the hands but the body
text: which turns away from the target,
text: shifting to the right side without
dialog: shifting balance. Tempo is
dialog: everything, perfection unobtainable,
text: as the body coils, now to the top
text: of the swing, in profound equilibrium.
text: And then a slight hesitation, a nod
dialog: to the gods...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: A nod to the gods?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: To the gods, yes... that he is
text: fallible. As the weight shifts
text: back to the left pulled now by
dialog: powers inside the earth -- it's
dialog: alive, this swing, a living
dialog: sculpture -- and down through
dialog: contact, always down, into terra
text: firma, striking the ball crisply
dialog: -- with character -- a tuning
dialog: fork goes off in your heart, your
dialog: balls -- such a pure feeling is
dialog: the well-struck golf shot -- And
dialog: then the follow through to finish,
dialog: always on line -- The reverse 'C'
dialog: of the Golden Bear, the steelworker's
text: power and brawn of Carl Sandburg's
dialog: Arnold Palmer, the da Vinci of
text: Hogan, the unfinished symphony of
dialog: Roy McAvoy.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What? What's unfinished?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I have a short follow through --
dialog: my swing can look unfinished.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Some say it's because that's the
dialog: best way to play through the winds
dialog: of West Texas... and some say it's
dialog: because I never finish anything.
dialog: You can decide. The point is every
dialog: finishing position is unique as if
dialog: that is the signature left to the
dialog: artist, the warrior athlete who,
dialog: 9.
dialog: finally and thereby, has asserted
dialog: his oneness with and power over the
dialog: universe by willing a golf ball to
dialog: go where he wants and how and when,
dialog: because that is what the golf swing
dialog: is about...
dialog: (finally)
dialog: It is about gaining control of
dialog: your life, and letting go at the
dialog: same time.
text: Molly stares back, exhausted and intrigued.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Jeez Louise...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: There is only one other acceptable
dialog: theory of how to hit a golf ball.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I'm afraid to ask. What's the
dialog: other theory?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Grip it and rip it.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: While I appreciate your poetic
dialog: sensibility, Mr. McAvoy --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Call me Roy, Molly...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Call me Dr. Griswold...
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Roy... but at this point I think
dialog: I'm more of the 'grip it and rip
dialog: it' school. Hand me the driver.
text: Tin Cup does. She tees it up.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Waggle it, Doc, don't forget to
text: waggle.
text: (as she stares at
dialog: him)
dialog: Waggle... the club head...
dialog: (shows her)
dialog: ... it's a little relaxing
dialog: ritual...
text: She waggles the club head, then takes the club back.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Let the Big Dog eat!
text: She stops, lets the club fall.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What Big Dog?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: The driver, the number one wood --
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: It's metal.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Yeah, woods are metal -- don't
dialog: worry about it -- and the driver's
dialog: known as the Big Dog and I'm just
dialog: saying to turn him loose, let 'er
dialog: rip, let the Big Dog eat!
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Oh.
text: She swings. Tops the ball. It goes ten feet.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: This is, without a doubt, the
dialog: stupidest, silliest, most idiotic
text: grotesquery masquerading as a game
dialog: that has ever been invented.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Yes, ma'am, that's why I love it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And if you hit one good shot -- if
dialog: that tuning fork rings in your
dialog: loin -- you can't wait to get
dialog: back.
text: She cracks one dead solid perfect out into the night. It
dialog: felt great and she knows it.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I think the Big Dog ate something.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Did the tuning fork ring in your
dialog: loin?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I wouldn't go that far.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Always quit on a good shot. We'll
dialog: call that lesson number one...
dialog: 11.
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: ... and if ya wouldn't mind paying
dialog: me in cash -- there's a little
dialog: I.R.S. situation I'm dealing with
dialog: --
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: If you're such a legendary striker
dialog: of the golf ball as everyone says,
dialog: then why are you, at your age, out
dialog: here in the middle of nowhere
dialog: operating a barely solvent
text: establishment, ducking the I.R.S.,
dialog: collecting a few pathetic dollars
dialog: to buy your next sixpack -- when
dialog: you're capable of so much more?
text: Her speech is delivered without judgement or rancor, so
text: matter of factly that he's disarmed.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Perhaps I'm chocked full of inner
dialog: demons?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: No, you're chocked full of
dialog: bullshit --
dialog: (cheerily)
dialog: Same time next week?
text: She heads off to the parking lot. He stares.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What did you mean I should try
dialog: 'being saddled' sometime?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP (CONT'D)
dialog: Were you being literal or was that
dialog: some kind of Freudian type deal?
dialog: Molly? Doctor?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What kind of saddle?
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MOLLY
text: As she walks into the West Texas night. She smiles,
text: enjoying Tin Cup's confusion.
text: Tin Cup just stares into the night, holding his cash, until
text: JOSE'S VOICE ECHOES down from the roof.
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: I got it! Esta bien! The flag
dialog: is up!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: 7 INT. DRIVING RANGE SHACK - NIGHT 7
text: Tin Cup enters, cash in hand, as the regulars all gather
text: excitedly around the TV monitor now coming in.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: A class act there, boys --
dialog: probably the first actual `lady
dialog: type' female ever seen on these
dialog: premises --
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Shut up, boss -- we got the Corpus
dialog: Christi dog track on the dish --
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: This is yer dead mortal cinch lock
dialog: bet with Do-reen.
text: Everyone's glued to the set. A greyhound race comes on
text: from a remote Texas track on the gulf.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Free money, boys, what does
dialog: Doreen know about the fine art of
dialog: Greyhound breeding?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: All she knows is she likes the
dialog: three dog 'cause his name is
dialog: Pride of Odessa 'cause she's
dialog: from Odessa.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Get ready for Oddessa-lation, boys.
dialog: How deep we in?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You gave her twenty to one --
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: It's only fifteen to one on the
dialog: toteboard --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Yeah, but I got every other dog
dialog: in the race. I'm just getting
dialog: even with Doreen -- I'm not
text: trying to clean her clock.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: So how much you stand to lose?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
text: Twelve thousand.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Hundred.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Thousand.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (panicky)
dialog: Hundred.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You said to shoot the wad.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I said get even, Pod. I didn't
dialog: say shoot the wad. We better see
text: that three dog rolling on his ass.
text: All eyes on the monitor -- the dogs break.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Except... if he breaks slow, he
dialog: won't get creamed...
text: The starting box opens -- "THERE GOES THE RABBIT" -- the
text: three dog breaks slow and trails down the front stretch.
speaker_heading: REGULARS
dialog: Three dog's dying, T.C.... easy
dialog: money... (etc.)
text: The one dog veers wide, going into the escape turn,
text: annihilating the field. Dogs fly ass over teakettle
dialog: like bowling pins, and --
speaker_heading: REGULARS
dialog: Uh-oh.
text: The three dog clears the pileup, untouched, hugging the
text: rail. It has a ten length lead as it moves down the
text: backstretch and past the toteboard. The race is over --
text: the three dog wins.
text: Deathly silence. Somebody flips OFF the TV. Finally,
text: in a lame attempt to lighten the moment, Romeo speaks --
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: So, Roy, you were saying you
dialog: felt a little flutter for this
dialog: doctor lady?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Yes, I was saying that... just
dialog: before I was interrupted by...
dialog: bankruptcy -- a development that
dialog: the 'Doctor Lady,' as you call her,
dialog: 14.
dialog: will consider utterly predictable.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 8 EXT. GOLDEN TASSEL NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT 8
text: The marquee advertises: EXOTIC DANCERS/STEAK $4.00. The
text: parking lot is full of pickup trucks and beer cans.
text: Tin Cup and Romeo head toward the entrance.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: We lost everything, boss! We owe
dialog: Doreen twelve thousand bucks!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I think I been dating too many
text: big-haired blondes.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Them big-haired blondes are a lot
dialog: smarter 'n us...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... how we gonna pay her?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You underestimate me, Romes.
text: Romeo doesn't realize the truth in his own response.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: It's a bad habit I picked up
dialog: from knowing you so long.
speaker_heading: TURK (THE BOUNCER)
dialog: Hey, Tin Cup, Doreen's looking for
dialog: ya --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'm sure she is...
text: They enter the strip joint.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 9 INT. GOLDEN TASSEL - NIGHT 9
text: A nearly-NAKED DANCER on stage to a lot of whooping
text: cowboys. Tin Cup moves in this world with ease and
text: something that passes for grace. Everyone knows him.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS/STRIPPER
dialog: Hey, Tin Cup, haven't seen ya in
dialog: three days!
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Busy man, Courtenay, busy man --
text: As they pass the stage, even the Naked Dancer interrupts
text: her moment with a bunch of guys offering dollar bills --
speaker_heading: NAKED DANCER
dialog: Tin Cup! Hi, sweetie!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Hiya, honey -- lookin' sweet...
text: And backstage they go, easily waved through by another
text: bouncer. They come up to a dressing room door. And
dialog: knock.
text: A voice from inside.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: That better be you, Roy.
scene_heading: 10 TIN CUP AND ROMEO 10
dialog: enter this holy of holies with complete familiarity. And
text: there she is -- DOREEN, 35, at least, the classic chesty,
text: hippie, big-wigged Texas goddess. She's older than the
text: other girls, and more experienced in every way. She's
text: smoking a cigarette and finishing up the touches on her
text: stripper's outfit.
text: Tin Cup and Romeo stand at her beckoning.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Doreen...
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You're looking particularly
dialog: lovely this evening -- This is
dialog: nicer than the leopard suit --
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: Cut the horseshit, guys. So...
dialog: the one and two dogs always run
dialog: wide and the three dog always
dialog: breaks slow, so I figure there's
dialog: gonna be a big ol' pile of fur at
text: the turn and the three dog's
text: gonna tiptoe around it and walk
dialog: on home... I was right.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You owe me twelve thousand
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: We going to pay you.
dialog: 16.
text: Tin Cup squirms as Doreen babbles a bit.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: I know you're going to pay me.
speaker_heading: DOREEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (admiring her own
dialog: outfit)
dialog: Y'know I finally got rid of the
dialog: leopard suit thing -- it was so
dialog: retro, y'know... it's not easy
dialog: being a post-modern stripper...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So... twelve big ones?
text: Tin Cup finally digs into his coat pocket and produces
text: some official-looking papers. He hands them to her.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: There. With equity and inventory
dialog: it's worth twelve grand... more or
dialog: less.
text: Doreen leans forward to examine the papers. She looks at
text: Tin Cup with surprise.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: This is how you think you can
dialog: settle up? By deeding me your
dialog: driving range?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Only on condition you don't sell
dialog: right away, and me'n Romeo keep
dialog: our jobs.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: What in the world would I want
dialog: with your stupid driving range?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Equity, inventory, cash flow...
dialog: not to mention an enhanced stature
dialog: in the community, and prepaid
dialog: membership in the Salome Chamber
dialog: of Commerce.
text: For a moment, Doreen can only stare dumbly at Tin Cup,
text: caught off guard by this unexpected turn of fortune. Then
text: she starts to consider the idea more seriously.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: What are your labor costs?
dialog: (off no response
dialog: from Tin Cup)
dialog: Payroll, Roy. What do you pay
dialog: 17.
dialog: your help?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Let's see... the tractor kid gets
dialog: five bucks an hour. Romeo, he
dialog: gets ten cash --
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: What do you pay yourself?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Myself?
text: Doreen nods in a way Tin Cup finds threatening.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: To hit golf balls all day... when
dialog: you're not breaking for beers or
dialog: corn dogs or to gather the guys
dialog: and lay bets on which crow flies
text: off the fence next.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You're referring to my managerial
dialog: salary?
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: I'm referring to every nickel you
dialog: snatch out of the till and every
dialog: bag of beer nuts you lift from the
dialog: rack, is what I'm referring to.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll say it's worth ten and you
dialog: still owe me two.
text: She smiles, he sighs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 11 EXT. PAWN SHOP - MORNING 11
text: Tin Cup parks his big old red Cadillac convertible out
text: front. He goes around to the trunk, opens it, takes out
text: his golf clubs, and carries them into the pawn shop.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 12 EXT. DRIVING RANGE - RIDGE - PARKED WINNEBAGO - MORNING 12
text: Tin Cup's domicile, parked near a slow-moving river. The
text: red Cadillac is parked out front next to Romeo's Mercury
dialog: Comet.
speaker_heading: ROMEO (V.O.)
dialog: (with horror, inside
dialog: 18.
dialog: the Winnebago)
dialog: You hocked your golf clubs?!
scene_heading: A13 INT. WINNEBAGO - DAY A13
text: Tin Cup sits on the couch, swigging Maalox.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I still got two grand to pay off.
dialog: And I can't see my new salary of
dialog: seven bucks an hour plus lessons
dialog: getting it done.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: But your clubs are your livelihood.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Well the hood ain't too lively at
dialog: the moment.
text: A CAR HORN SOUNDS from outside.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Whoever it is, tell 'em I'm in
dialog: Houston on business.
text: Romeo opens the door, and steps outside.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: David Simms! What you doing in
dialog: town?
text: Romeo steps outside to greet Simms. Warily.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 13 EXT. WINNEBAGO - DAY 13
text: Romeo and Simms under the awning. A spiffy new car
text: parked nearby.
text: DAVID SIMMS, 38, looking every bit like the successful
text: tour pro he is... Payne Stewart to Tin Cup's Maynard G.
dialog: Krebs.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Romeo! It's been awhile. Is
dialog: Tin Cup around?
dialog: Romeo is evasive.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: He's on business in Houston... You
dialog: supposed to be out playin' on the
dialog: golf tour.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: (unfazed)
dialog: Well, you tell him I'm in town for
dialog: my big charity best-ball
dialog: tournament, and I got a spot for
dialog: him when he comes back from...
dialog: whatever.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You got a spot for Tin Cup? I
dialog: thought you hated him.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Romeo! You wound me. I'm fond
dialog: of the guy, going way back to our
dialog: days at University of Houston,
dialog: when we won all those titles
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: He says he carried you on his
dialog: back.
dialog: Simms won't be drawn into this adolescent competition --
text: he's too comfortable with himself and his success.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I didn't have much craft back
dialog: then -- just a little native
dialog: ability. Roy's a great ball-
dialog: striker....
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Why you here?
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I want to win my own tournament,
dialog: and he can help me if we can
dialog: manage to behave like grownups
dialog: together. Tell him that.
text: Tin Cup suddenly appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What's the catch?
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: There is no catch. I put together
text: a tournament with an elite field
dialog: and a half-million dollar purse,
dialog: and I'm tired of seeing all the
text: money head out of town.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Then make more birdies.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I need you on my team.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You ain't that friendly a guy...
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: We're playing Cottonwood where you
dialog: once shot fifty-nine, where you
dialog: can shoot sixty-five in your sleep
dialog: 'cuz you know every bump on every
text: fairway, every subtle break on
dialog: every green --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (warily)
dialog: You an' me --
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Me an' you -- like the old days.
text: Tin Cup can't quite believe this offer from his old
dialog: nemesis but there aren't many options out there. He
text: grabs Simms's hand and starts pumping it, gushing
dialog: with enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: ... Well, put 'er there, partner!
dialog: These two homeboys are gonna show
dialog: the world what golf in West Texas
dialog: is all about!
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: No, Roy. I didn't mean I want you
dialog: to play with me. I just want you
dialog: to caddie for me, read my putts,
dialog: club me, that kinda stuff.
text: Tin Cup wilts like a time-lapsing daisy. His hand falls
text: free of Simms's. Words fail him.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You son of a bitch.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (to himself, blankly)
dialog: Caddie? Me?
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I can't bring a guy in off the
dialog: street to play in my tournament.
dialog: It's a big-time event, corporate
dialog: sponsors, thirty dollar tickets...
dialog: I got a network to cover --
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: (interrupting,
dialog: 21.
dialog: outraged)
dialog: This guy off the street, he could
dialog: kick your ass on that golf course.
dialog: Like he kicked your ass in junior
dialog: golf. Like he kicked your ass in
dialog: college. Like --
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I'll pay you a hundred for the
dialog: loop, five percent of any
dialog: earnings --
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Get the hell outta here! Take
dialog: your goddamn color coordinated
dialog: corporate sponsored soul and get
dialog: outta here.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Okay, okay, just thought I'd offer
dialog: you some work...
text: Simms heads to his car.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Simms!
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: (stops)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'll take the job.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: We'll take the job.
text: Simms nods in agreement, and exits. Tin Cup stands there
text: with Romeo, feeling humiliated.
speaker_heading: POV SHOT - SIMMS
text: drives away down the road.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP (O.S.)
dialog: That man stands for everything I
dialog: hate in life.
speaker_heading: ROMEO (O.S.)
dialog: You mean like... success?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 14 EXT. COTTONWOOD GOLF COURSE CHARITY EVENT - DAY 14
dialog: 22.
text: Banners and galleries and concession tents create the
text: atmosphere of a polite circus.
scene_heading: A15 EXT. COTTONWOOD GOLF COURSE CHARITY EVENT - 16TH GREEN A15
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: BILLY MAYFAIR putts out on the 16th green to polite
dialog: applause.
scene_heading: B15 EXT. COTTONWOOD GOLF COURSE - 16TH TEE - DAY B15
text: The two twosomes tee off and the caddies follow,
dialog: including Tin Cup.
scene_heading: 15 EXT. COTTONWOOD - 16TH FAIRWAY - DAY 15
scene_heading: A leader board reads: SIMMS/STADLER -10, MICKELSON/
scene_heading: MCCORD -8.
text: A giant gallery lines the fairway and rings the distant
text: green which is fronted by a lake, as:
text: STADLER hits a three wood toward the green -- the BALL
text: PLUNKS in the middle of the lake. The GALLERY GROANS.
text: Stadler just shrugs to Simms, as if to say, "I thought I
dialog: had enough club."
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Like I told you, it was more'n
dialog: you had in the bag.
speaker_heading: STADLER
dialog: Yeah, well... I had to go for it
dialog: after your caddy said he could
dialog: get home from here.
text: Simms swivels his head around to look at Tin Cup.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I could.
text: Simms looks away, at the shot he's facing: a two hundred
text: fifteen yard carry over water. He looks back at Tin Cup,
text: shaking his head.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I gotta hand it to you, Roy. For
dialog: fifteen holes you've seemed to
dialog: grasp the concept here: I'm
dialog: trying to win and your job is to
dialog: help me.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Five percent of your earnings does
dialog: numb the gag reflex.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Give me the seven iron. I'm
text: laying up.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You can make that shot.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: The smart play's to lay up.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: These fans didn't pay thirty bucks
text: to watch a tour star lay up on a
dialog: short par five.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I'm sitting on a two shot lead
dialog: with three to go, and my partner's
text: in his pocket. Suddenly, par's a
dialog: good number. Gimme the seven
dialog: Iron.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: No way. You're going for the
dialog: green. These fans paid good money
dialog: to see golf shots they can't hit,
dialog: not golf shots they feel shitty
dialog: about themselves for having to
dialog: hit.
text: Simms reaches for the seven iron. Tin Cup clamps a hand
text: over the club.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Thirteen years on tour and you're
dialog: still a pussy. Hit the fucking
dialog: one iron, Dave.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Thirteen years in a driving range
dialog: and you still think this game's
dialog: about your testosterone count.
text: Simms removes Tin Cup's hand from the seven iron and
text: grabs the club, stepping up to address the ball. Tin Cup
text: mutters to the gallery.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Two-fifteen to carry, and the tour
text: star's laying up.
text: And the remark summons gallery voices suddenly urging
text: Simms to go for the green. Simms motions for Tin Cup, as
dialog: 24.
dialog: if reconsidering.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: But if you're gonna editorialize,
dialog: do it on the other side of the
dialog: ropes. I got no qualms about
dialog: firing your ass right here, right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Fire me? Hell, I should fire you.
text: Simms steps back to his ball with the seven iron, and:
text: 16 Stadler's still standing back where he hit the shot into 16
text: the lake. MICKELSON and GARY McCORD, the other team in
text: the pairing, are there with him. Romeo, Stadler's caddie,
text: stands just behind them.
speaker_heading: McCORD
dialog: (to Mickelson)
dialog: I know you could knock it on from
dialog: here, I'm just saying that caddie's
dialog: been drinking muddy water if he
dialog: thinks he can.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: He can.
text: All the players look at Romeo as:
text: Simms dumps his seven iron shot safely down in front of
text: the water to a smattering of polite applause.
text: Simms tosses the club back to his bag as Tin Cup
dialog: retrieves the divot. And:
speaker_heading: STADLER
dialog: Hey, Dave! We in a hurry?
text: Simms looks several yards back where Stadler is still
text: standing with McCord and Mickelson.
speaker_heading: STADLER
dialog: 'Cause I just bet McCord and
dialog: Mickelson that your caddie could
dialog: knock it on from here.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: We're trying to win a tournament,
dialog: pardo.
speaker_heading: STADLER
dialog: I know. But I'm getting five to
dialog: one.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: 17 EXT. TV TOWER 17
text: The ANNOUNCER from the GOLF CHANNEL looks at the monitor
text: where a hand-held camera is picking up Stadler motioning
text: Tin Cup over.
scene_heading: GOLF CHANNEL ANNOUNCER
text: From two-fifty from a snarly lie,
text: over water, on national TV, with
dialog: no warmup... I'd give ten to one
dialog: to a tour pro.
text: 18 BACK TO COURSE 18
text: Stadler, McCord, and Mickelson are smiling at the bet.
text: This is golf. But Simms snarls at being challenged.
text: Stadler drops a ball in the rough for Tin Cup to hit.
speaker_heading: STADLER
dialog: Here ya go. Take a hack at it.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Balls versus brains, Roy. You
dialog: hit that shot, just keep walking,
dialog: 'cuz your ass is fired.
text: Tin Cup mulls over the warning, as:
scene_heading: STADLER, McCORD, MICKELSON
dialog: Come on, Roy! Your fans are
dialog: calling!
text: Stadler waves his arms to summon a cheer from the gallery.
text: Tin Cup puts down Simms's golf bag.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: How you gonna fire me in front of
dialog: all these people? Especially when
text: I knock it on the green.
text: And he heads over to where Stadler and the others stand
dialog: waiting.
speaker_heading: 19 OMITTED 19
text: PETER KOSTIS, with a hand mike, following the group,
text: begins to describe the extraordinary event unfolding.
speaker_heading: KOSTIS
dialog: (on mike)
dialog: It seems like the Charity
dialog: Tournament is taking a little
dialog: 26.
dialog: break for a side bet, here --
text: Gary McCord moves toward the camera and takes the
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: McCORD
dialog: Peter, I've done a little
dialog: background here -- this unfolding
dialog: disaster's a driving range pro
dialog: named Roy McAvoy, who everyone
dialog: calls Tin Cup. Locals claim he
dialog: he was a pretty good college lick
dialog: and knocked around the mini-tours...
text: 20 Tin Cup steps up to hit the shot. McCord lowers his 20
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: McCORD
dialog: ... but I guarantee you, he's
text: about to suffer brain arrest.
text: He's thinking about the cameras
dialog: and the gallery and the water, and
dialog: all that gray matter between his
text: ears is turning to goo... and
dialog: incidentally, Stadler's got it booked
dialog: at ten to one...
dialog: Tin Cup swings, and:
text: 21 The CAMERA PICKS UP the ball arching high and true off 21
text: the club. It lands on the green. The CROWD ROARS... and
text: the roar becomes deafening as the ball rolls three feet
dialog: from the pin.
speaker_heading: KOSTIS AND McCORD
dialog: He's not that good... he's
dialog: definitely not that good... (etc.)
text: 22 BACK TO the course -- a scuffle's breaking out. 22
text: David Simms helping some guy over the gallery rope.
text: Simms walks the guy back to his golf bag... and now Tin
dialog: Cup understands what's happening, and:
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Take a hike, Roy -- the loop's
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You can't fire me. How can you
dialog: fire me? I just knocked it stiff
dialog: from two fifty. Gimme that bag.
text: Tin Cup reaches for the bag. The guy holds onto it.
text: They wrestle briefly, as Simms sighs with fatigue and
text: looks for a marshal.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Security!
text: Tin Cup gives up wrestling when he sees a couple marshals
text: approaching. He turns his anger on Simms.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What about my money?
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: You just hit the shot that took
dialog: you out of the money. Welcome to
dialog: life on the tour.
text: Tin Cup goes after the bag again. The guy still hangs
text: on. The marshals arrive, and begin to wrestle with Tin
text: Cup. He goes berserk... a WWF battle royal.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 23 INT. DRIVING RANGE BAR - CLOSE ON TELEVISION - NIGHT 23
text: Sports highlights. Introducing "Sports Machine" with
dialog: George Michaels...
speaker_heading: GEORGE MICHAELS (V.O.)
dialog: And finally Sports Machine brings
dialog: you a bizarre incident...
text: A brief highlight of Tin Cup, going crazy, wrestling with
text: the marshals and replacement caddie.
speaker_heading: GEORGE MICHAELS (V.O.)
dialog: Driving range pro, Roy `Tin Cup'
dialog: McAvoy...
text: MALE LAUGHTER greets the shot, and:
speaker_heading: EARL (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Tin Cup! You made the news!
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: The Regulars crowd under the TV on the wall above the
text: till, hooting at what they just saw. Tin Cup is nowhere
dialog: in sight.
scene_heading: 24 INT. BACK ROOM - NIGHT 24
text: Romeo scoops balls into wire buckets from the garbage can
text: of water where the balls are washing. Tin Cup sits on a
text: bench, alternately swigging cheap whiskey and Maalox.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: If I had it all to do over, I'd
dialog: still hit that shot.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: (nods with neither
dialog: rancor nor irony)
dialog: The look comes over your face, you
dialog: would bury yourself alive to prove
dialog: you can handle a shovel.
text: Tin Cup looks over at Romeo for signs of an implied
text: pejorative. But Romeo's just washing and scooping
text: balls... and looking badly in need of perspective.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You know why I'd still hit that
dialog: shot?
text: Now Romeo looks over... and he decides that Tin Cup is
dialog: the one in need of perspective.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: 'Cuz it's the only way you can
dialog: beat David Simms. 'Cuz you never
dialog: got over that he is on tour and
dialog: you are not. 'Cuz you get that
dialog: look on your face...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: No...
dialog: (pauses, adding
dialog: weight to his
dialog: thoughts)
dialog: I'd hit it again because that shot
dialog: was a defining moment. And when a
dialog: defining moment comes along you
dialog: define the moment or the moment
dialog: defines you. I did not shrink
dialog: from the challenge. I rose to it.
text: Romeo nods, holding his peace.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: 1981, Fort Washington Golf Club,
dialog: Fresno, California, final round of
dialog: the Tour Qualifying School...
text: Tin Cup cringes at the memory, then moves for the high
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I was playing to win.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: A defining moment when you tried
dialog: to hit the same impossible cut
dialog: 29.
text: three wood into the wind from a
text: hilly lie -- four in a row out of
dialog: bounds -- until you finally pulled
text: it off and tapped in for a
dialog: thirteen.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When a twelve woulda got you on
dialog: the tour! That was a defining
dialog: moment and the definition was
dialog: shit!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
text: Greatness courts failure, Romeo.
dialog: That's why most people, in their
dialog: whole lives, never ever reach for
dialog: the brass ring, never know when to
dialog: dig deep and try for the
dialog: impossible shot...
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You're right about that, boss, but
dialog: sometimes... sometimes... par is
dialog: good enough to win.
text: Tin Cup tosses down another Maalox cocktail.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 25 EXT. GOLDEN TASSEL - NIGHT 25
text: Parking lot full of the usual suspects as a BUMP AND
text: GRIND VERSION of "YELLOW ROSE OF TEXAS" floods outside.
scene_heading: 26 INT. GOLDEN TASSEL - NIGHT 26
text: Doreen dances in a yellow rose outfit, a more classic
text: strip look than her protegees.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ROW OF DOLLAR BILLS
text: held aloft by the eager locals in the front row... and
text: then a handful of papers held aloft by one Roy McAvoy,
text: also in the front row.
text: Doreen dances over and picks the papers from his hand,
text: reading them as she dances.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: The DieHard/West Texas Calcutta,
dialog: the Duvall County Boys Club Pro/
dialog: Scratch, Woody's Steak House One
dialog: Club Scramble... what do I want
dialog: with all these entry forms?
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: It's a business proposition. I'm
dialog: offering you my winnings from all
dialog: them tournaments this summer.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: In exchange for what?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: My driving range back.
text: She dances away from him, not exactly sold on the idea.
text: She dances back to him, reclines a leg on the partition,
text: and moves her face opposite his.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: Roy, I'm not as dumb as my hair
dialog: makes me look.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: They ain't all strictly minor
dialog: league. One of 'em pays almost
dialog: two grand!
text: She twirls off. He chases her, beer and entries in hand.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Now wait, Doreen. You gotta do
dialog: the math, and you gotta look at
dialog: how good I'm playing. I hit the
dialog: shot of the tournament at the
dialog: best-ball. They put it on
dialog: national TV.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: I saw.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: And what does that tell you?
text: The MUSIC comes to an END. The club is momentarily
dialog: silent.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: And what does that tell you?
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: It tells me you took an
dialog: unauthorized day off. Next time
dialog: it happens, you're fired. In the
dialog: meantime, I'm putting in a time
dialog: clock.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'm not punching in no time
dialog: 31.
dialog: clock like some working stiff!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 27 INT. DRIVING RANGE - NEXT DAY 27
text: Tin Cup punches the new time clock which is located
text: under the awning near the ball wash.
text: KACHUNK goes the TIME CLOCK as he hurries outside --
scene_heading: 29 EXT. DRIVING RANGE - DAY 29
text: -- and there he finds Molly, waiting on the tee with her
text: driver and a bucket of balls.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Am I early?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Mr. McAvoy, I can appreciate that
dialog: you have a fairly laid-back,
dialog: relaxed lifestyle -- but I have
dialog: hours to keep.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: A former paramour once ascribed my
dialog: fluid sense of time to being born
dialog: under the sign of Pisces --
dialog: something about floating through
dialog: the universe --
text: He tees a ball for her and steps back. She's staring at
text: him, half-amused.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You amuse me, Roy. But I'm the
dialog: only woman in America born after
dialog: World War II who thinks astrology
dialog: is a crock of shit.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now let's see if the Big Dog'll
dialog: eat.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Waggle.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I'm waggling...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Set up to the ball like I showed
dialog: you last time.
text: Molly addresses the shot. Her stance is rigid, overly
dialog: 32.
text: mechanical. Tin Cup winces. But she looks terrific.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Quit trying to wring that club's
dialog: neck, Molly. Show it a little
dialog: warmth and compassion...
text: He moves around behind her to reposition her shoulders.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Remember, this game's about trust
dialog: and touch and letting go. So
dialog: while I'm subtly enhancing your
dialog: technical prospects, why don't you
dialog: tell me all about your personal
dialog: life...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: It's none of your fucking
dialog: business, Roy.
text: Tin Cup's hands move down to square her hips. He's
dialog: discreet and professional.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Your boyfriend's a golfer --
dialog: that's my bet -- and he's why
dialog: you're taking this game up.
dialog: Hell, I probably even know
dialog: him --
speaker_heading: SIMMS (O.S.)
dialog: Get your hands off her ass, Roy.
text: And, as Tin Cup's hands recoil in alarm...
text: DAVID SIMMS steps onto the range.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (to Simms)
dialog: Hi, sweetie...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Not him...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TIN CUP
text: Crushed and bewildered.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON SIMMS
text: A killer smile. The man is absolutely at ease with his
dialog: own success and charm.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. WINNEBAGO - NIGHT 30
text: A shadow paces across the drape in the lighted window.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP (O.S.)
dialog: He's taking her to Miami for the
dialog: fucking Doral! How am I supposed
dialog: to compete with that?
scene_heading: 31 INT. WINNEBAGO - NIGHT 31
text: Romeo ponders Tin Cup's dilemma from the couch.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Man, you are having a bad week.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: She must think I'm such a nothing,
dialog: such a loser... a lousy driving
dialog: range pro living in a Winnebago,
dialog: making five bucks an hour plus
dialog: lessons.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: She don't know you live in a
dialog: Winnebago.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Well, she sure as hell knows I
dialog: ain't taking her to no Doral for
text: massages and mimosas all weekend.
dialog: I gotta do something with my life.
text: He reflects deeply while Romeo shrugs.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I gotta rise to a level worthy of
dialog: the women that think I'm a joke.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Well... you could go out and win
dialog: The Open.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (pausing, as
dialog: if jarred)
dialog: Romeo, that idea has promise.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I was joking.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I ain't.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: We talking about the same
dialog: tournament? The U.S. Open? The
dialog: Biggest golf tournament in the
dialog: world?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Not just the biggest golf
dialog: Tournament in the world; the most
dialog: democratic.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I mean it's open. Anyone's got a
dialog: shot at it. You just gotta get
text: past a local and a sectional
dialog: qualifier, and unlike Doral or
dialog: Colonial or the A.T.T., they can't
dialog: keep you out. They can't ask you
dialog: if you're a garbageman or a bean-
dialog: picker or a driving range pro
dialog: whose check is signed by a
dialog: stripper. You qualify, you're in.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: And then you pay out of your own
dialog: pocket to go there and get all
dialog: nervous and intimidated --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Who's intimidated? I just told
dialog: you I'm gonna win the damn thing!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You don't got the game.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I got every shot in the book.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I said you don't got the game.
text: The mental game. The head game.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You suggesting I err on the side
dialog: of excess?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You always go out to shoot zero.
dialog: Sometimes you pull it off. But
dialog: you can't play like that at the
dialog: Open. You win by taking what the
dialog: course gives you. You win by
dialog: being humble, which you aren't,
dialog: and patient, which you never will
dialog: 35.
dialog: be.
text: Tin Cup comes over to the couch, sits down, and puts an
text: arm around Romeo.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Well, since you're the authority,
dialog: How'd you like to teach me how to
dialog: be what I ain't and never will be?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You don't ever listen to me.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: This time'll be different. I
dialog: promise.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I don't know, man. Right now you
dialog: don't even got the money to get
dialog: your clubs out of hock.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Yeah, well... my sticks may be in
dialog: a pawn shop, but I got a rake and
text: a hoe at the range.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 32 EXT. MESQUITE COUNTRY CLUB - DAY 32
text: Expensive cars in the parking lot -- A putting green in
dialog: b.g.
text: CLOSE ON TRUCK OF MERCEDES
text: The trunk opens. A set of expensive golf clubs is
text: removed by a wealthy looking guy, BOONE, 40'S. He
text: turns to face Tin Cup and Romeo who is reaching into
text: the trunk of Roy's Cadillac.
speaker_heading: BOONE
dialog: Let me get this straight -- you're
dialog: going to play me for four hundred
dialog: dollars with those?
text: Romeo removes an old golf bag from the trunk. It
text: contains a rake, a hoe, a baseball bat, and assorted
dialog: garden tools.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: And I'll give ya two a side... I
dialog: got the title to my car as
dialog: collateral.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: BOONE
dialog: I'm not interested in that piece
dialog: of shit.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: That's cuz you think of it as
dialog: transportation, Boone. Think of
dialog: it as bragging rights. Think of
dialog: yourself sitting around the bar
dialog: crowing to your buddies about the
dialog: Cadillac you won off Tin Cup
dialog: McAvoy.
dialog: (the real kicker)
dialog: They'll forget all about the
dialog: Winnebago you lost to me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 33 EXT. MESQUITE COUNTRY CLUB - FIRST TEE - MORNING 33
text: Boone addresses the ball on the first tee.
speaker_heading: BOONE
dialog: No mullies, no gimmes, no bumping
dialog: the ball --
text: And he rips a drive down the fairway.
speaker_heading: BOONE
text: Nutted it.
text: Tin Cup selects the baseball bat from his golf bag.
text: Romeo hands him a pink ball and Tin Cup shows it to
dialog: Boone.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'll be playing a Pink Lady today.
speaker_heading: BOONE
dialog: That little pink fag ball supposed
dialog: to rattle me?
text: Tin Cup moves over to the tee markers.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Not unless I knock it by you.
text: And he tosses up the Pink Lady and fungoes it long and
text: straight down the fairway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 34 EXT. MESQUITE FIRST FAIRWAY - DAY 34
text: Tin Cup stops at his ball, and looks twenty yards back to
dialog: 37.
text: where Boone has arrived with his caddie at his drive.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Yep, I caught this thing way the
dialog: Hell on the toe.
text: Boone knocks an iron onto the edge of the green.
speaker_heading: BOONE
dialog: Drive for show, putt for dough, big
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Did you hear that, Romeo? Boone
dialog: was being profound! He has
dialog: revealed to me the essential
dialog: mystery of golf! Drive for show,
dialog: putt for dough...
dialog: (holds out
dialog: a palm)
dialog: Louisville Slugger, please.
text: Boone's a little rattled by Tin Cup's insouciance.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You got Boone shakin' already --
dialog: (studying the
dialog: approach)
dialog: Front left bunker's your best
text: angle to the pin.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (calling his shot)
text: Front left bunker -- plugged lie.
text: He tosses up the ball and fungoes a lazy fly ball.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 35 EXT. MESQUITE 1ST GREEN AND SAND TRAP - DAY 35
text: Boone gazes with malicious delight at Tin Cup's ball,
text: buried in the front left bunker. He watches Tin Cup take
text: the hoe from Romeo and move down into the trap.
speaker_heading: BOONE
dialog: I want to see a legitimate swing.
dialog: No scooping.
text: Tin Cup holds up a hand like a gallery marshal requesting
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Stand, please. Gallery, please,
dialog: stand.
dialog: 38.
text: He addresses the ball, choking down on the hoe,
text: positioning the blade at an odd angle. He hacks at the
text: ball with an unorthodox chopping motion. The ball pops
text: up in the air, lands on the green, releases and rolls up
text: a foot from the hole.
text: Boone's jaw drops. Tin Cup hit an impossible shot with
dialog: utter ease and facility.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'll finish.
text: Tin Cup trades Romeo the shovel for the rake, takes the
text: pin out of the hole, and pool cues the putt home. Par.
text: Boone looks at his own sixty-foot putt and he knows he's
dialog: just been had... utterly, embarrassingly, and thoroughly.
text: Without a word he counts four hundred dollars from his
text: roll and drops it on the green.
speaker_heading: BOONE
dialog: Get the hell off my course.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. PAWN SHOP - DAY 38
text: Tin Cup and Romeo emerge, Romeo carrying T.C.'s sticks.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Listen, swami, your job is to
dialog: teach me patience and humility,
dialog: not to advise me on my love life.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: No. My job is to get your head
dialog: straight so you can qualify for
dialog: The Open, much less win it. To
dialog: get your head straight you got to
dialog: forget about the doctor lady.
text: They head up the street under a collonade toward Tin
text: Cup's waiting Caddy.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Not all my thinking occurs below
dialog: the belt. I actually stand for a
dialog: few things beside where my next
text: romantic interlude is coming from.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Then you got no problem telling
dialog: the doctor lady you can't teach
dialog: her no more till after the Open.
text: Tin Cup blinks silently a moment, feeling slightly cornered.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: That would make an issue of
dialog: something that ain't an issue.
dialog: Besides, I'm focused.
text: Romeo responds with a Spanish curse.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I mean, this is my quest!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Ahhh... your quest... chingaso...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: This is where I stand up for all
dialog: the little guys everywhere who've
dialog: had their fill of soulless robots
dialog: like David Simms --
speaker_heading: ROMEO
text: He may be a soulless robot but
dialog: he's a rich, happy soulless robot
text: with a beautiful doctor lady
dialog: girlfriend who's got you by the
dialog: huevos --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Besides, how is getting into the
dialog: U.S. Open gonna change what she
dialog: thinks about you?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: It'll prove to her that I'm not
dialog: who she thinks I am.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: But you are who she thinks you
dialog: are! Look, I don't bet on a
text: horse with a hard-on.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Hard-on?! Hard-on?! Hard-on?!
dialog: Here, touch me, feel --
dialog: (as Tin Cup grabs
dialog: himself)
dialog: I don't feel nothing! Here!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Hey, hey... shit... cool it...
text: 39 Suddenly a convertible passes -- Simms and Molly, 39
text: laughing, carefree, enjoying each other. The couple in
text: the car doesn't see Tin Cup grabbing his crotch making
text: a fool of himself on the sidewalk -- but Tin Cup and
dialog: Romeo see them.
dialog: 40.
text: The car disappears down the street. Tin Cup cools off,
text: chilled, really -- and full of chagrin.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Okay, okay... maybe I got a semi.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 40 INT. GOLDEN TASSEL - DOREEN'S DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT 40
text: Doreen's on the phone, between shows, and is adamant.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: I cannot give you time off to win
dialog: The Open. I don't care if it's
dialog: your 'quest'...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: ... or your 'destiny'...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: ... or any of those terms you
dialog: vaguely remember from your Cliff
dialog: Notes...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: You shoulda treated me nicer when
dialog: we were an item -- then maybe I
dialog: wouldn't be such a nasty boss.
dialog: G'bye, Roy -- I have a business to
dialog: run.
text: She hangs up and heads out on stage as the music calls.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 41 INT. DRIVING RANGE - NIGHT 41
text: Tin Cup hangs up the phone and turns to Romeo.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Man, ever since I let her dump my
dialog: ass she just can't resist kicking
dialog: me in it.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Maybe you should treat her more
text: like a lady.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: After she ran off with that Dallas
dialog: banker?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: She did that after you let her
dialog: dump you. It wouldn't kill you
dialog: just once to tell her she's
dialog: beautiful, she can dance, she's
dialog: 41.
dialog: sexy.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Romeo... are you sweet on Doreen?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: No more'n you are for that doctor
dialog: lady.
text: A couple of deep sighs. Two losers with fluttering
dialog: hearts.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Great, Romeo, just great... just
dialog: when I need you to be my friend
dialog: and coach, you go get all gooey
dialog: about one of my ex-girlfriends
dialog: who just happens to be our boss.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Anybody comes to me for help on
dialog: their love life about women is
text: already too far gone.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I don't recall asking you for
dialog: advice.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Women are tougher to figure out
dialog: than a feathered one iron from a
dialog: tight lie --
text: Suddenly a golf image relaxes them into their comfort
dialog: zone.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Actually if you open the club face
dialog: a hair and play it off your back
dialog: foot --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Shut up, Romeo... I wasn't really
dialog: seeking golf tips...
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: It's all I'm good for -- but you
dialog: can count on me for that, at
dialog: least.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: How far off the back foot?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: 'Bout three balls...
dialog: Silence. Golf is so much easier than life.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'm ready to charge forth in
dialog: pursuit of my mythic destiny and I
dialog: can't get time off work to do it.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I'm no expert, but it seems to me
dialog: that the `pursuit of a person's
dialog: mythic destiny' is not the sort of
dialog: thing that a person needs to get
dialog: off a five dollar an hour job in
dialog: order to do...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'm stuck. Buried. My life's a
text: plugged lie in a kakuyi bunker
text: with a tight pin position on a
text: green with a stimp meter reading
dialog: of thirteen.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I need help. I need advice. I
dialog: need counsel...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I need a shrink.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You don't know no shrinks.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I know one.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Not the doctor lady?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You can't ask advice about the
dialog: woman you're trying to hose from
dialog: the woman you're trying to hose!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Hose?! Hose?! Get your mouth
dialog: outta the gutter! This is a
dialog: matter of the heart!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A42 EXT. MAIN STREET (SALOME) - DAY A42
text: Tin Cup's Caddy pulls up and he gets out, goes to the
text: front of a store that is now a health services office.
text: He looks around warily -- as if someone might see him
text: entering such a place -- and ducks inside.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: B42 INT. SMALL ROOM - DAY B42
text: It's the exit, "cool down" room, not the waiting room.
text: Tin Cup sits nervously, he's slightly overdressed for
text: the occasion. He looks childlike.
text: The door to the inner office opens -- a woman comes out
text: and sits down across from him. She's weeping
text: uncontrollably. He stares. He fidgets. He's nervous,
text: out of place.
text: Finally Molly enters through the same door because she
text: hears the crying. She sees Tin cup -- an awkward moment,
dialog: then --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I didn't do anything!
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I know... I know... wait in there.
text: Tin Cup slips into the main office while Molly consoles
text: the weeping woman.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 42 INT. MOLLY'S OFFICE - FEW BEATS LATER - DAY 42
text: Tin Cup is dutifully lying on the couch because he
text: heard that's what you do. He stares at the ceiling.
text: Molly enters and sits down.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Roy... are you okay?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I need therapy.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Obviously.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What do I do? I mean... to do it
dialog: ... therapy... I mean, how do I
dialog: start doing... it.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: In parlance you might understand,
dialog: just kick back and let the Big Dog
dialog: eat.
text: He sighs and plunges in.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Okay, okay, let 'er rip...
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: Suppose there's this guy. He's
text: standing on the shore of a big,
dialog: wide river. And the river's fulla
dialog: all manner of disaster, like
text: alligators and piranhas and
dialog: currents and eddies, and most
dialog: people won't even go down there to
text: dip a toe. But on the other side
dialog: of the river's a million dollars,
dialog: and on this side of the river
dialog: there's a rowboat. I guess my
dialog: question's this: What would
dialog: possess the guy on shore to swim
dialog: for it?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: He's an idiot.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: No. He's a hell of a swimmer,
dialog: see. His problem's more like...
dialog: why's he always gotta rise to the
dialog: challenge?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: He's a juvenile idiot.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You don't understand what I mean
text: by the river.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: We're talking about you and what
dialog: you like to call your inner
dialog: demons, Roy, that human frailty
dialog: you like to blather about, not
dialog: some mytho-poetic metaphor you
text: come up with in a feeble and
dialog: transparent effort to do yourself
dialog: credit.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Y'mean you're gonna make me feel
dialog: lousy? I came here to feel better
dialog: -- what kinda therapy is this?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You don't have any inner demons.
dialog: What you have is inner crapola,
dialog: inner debris -- garbage, loose
text: wires, horseshit in staggering
dialog: amounts.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I ain't just some jerk driving-
dialog: range pro who drinks too much
text: booze and eats too few vegetables.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You're being defensive -- cut to
dialog: the chase and tell me why you're
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Well... I'm smitten with a woman.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: That's good. Is she smitten with
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Have you asked her out?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: She's seeing a guy. I don't know
dialog: how serious it is, but the guy's a
dialog: real horse's ass, in my opinion...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: If you shared your heart with this
dialog: woman -- maybe asked her out to
dialog: dinner -- then it would force
text: these issues out in the open.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'm afraid she'll say no.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Ahh... so what you're saying is
dialog: that all your speeches about
text: swimming across the shark infested
dialog: waters are really just about your
dialog: golf game -- not about your
dialog: personal life.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Christ, I didn't know we were
dialog: gonna get into my personal life!
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: This is therapy!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Well, jeez, I know, but I didn't
dialog: think it was that kind of
dialog: therapy...
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What were you expecting? Ann
dialog: Landers?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Look, it's rather simple. Those
dialog: risks that you love to take on the
dialog: golf course, the risks you talk so
text: passionately and poetically about
dialog: -- you need to apply those risks
dialog: to your personal life with the
dialog: same passion.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I should ask this woman out.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I should risk coming right over
text: the top and snap-hooking it out of
dialog: bounds left.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Risk hitting it a little thin
dialog: and --
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: For Godsakes, Roy, that's enough!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Right. Sorry.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: S'okay...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, just walk up to this woman,
dialog: wherever she is, look her in the
dialog: eye with those big beautiful green
dialog: eyes of yours, let down your guard
dialog: and don't try to be smooth or cool
dialog: or whatever -- just be honest and
dialog: take the risk -- you can do it!
text: Tin Cup rises with new confidence. He does several deep
text: breathing exercises, trying to work up the courage. She
text: stares at him. And he walks right up to her.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Dr. Griswold -- I think I'm in
dialog: 47.
dialog: love with you.
text: Molly is stunned.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: From the moment I first saw you I
dialog: knew I was through with bar girls
dialog: and strippers and motorcycle
dialog: chicks, and when you started
dialog: talking I was smitten and I'm
dialog: smitten more every day I think
dialog: about you -- and the fact that
dialog: you know I'm full of crapola
dialog: only makes you more attractive
dialog: to me because usually I can
dialog: bullshit people but I can't
dialog: bullshit you and in addition, most
dialog: women I'm thinking about how to get
text: into their pants from Day One but
dialog: with you I'm just thinking about
dialog: how to get into your heart --
text: Molly was clue-less. She just stares.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: My God...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (optimistically,
dialog: proudly)
dialog: Stunned, eh? So what about dinner
dialog: and we can talk about `us' and if
dialog: we have a future and how to drop
dialog: that horse's ass boyfriend of
dialog: yours --
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Roy, slow down --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Hey! I just hit a eight degree
dialog: driver off a cart path here, I'm
text: staring eagle in the face --
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: This is a terrible mistake!
text: Tin Cup is knocked off his horse. Into deep rough.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'm acting from the heart so I
dialog: can't make a mistake?! Right?
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Wrong. Aw, shit...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I am one horrible shrink...
dialog: jeez... I didn't know you were
dialog: talking about me.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Would your advice have been
dialog: different?
text: She's frustrated and at a loss for words.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Session's over. You better leave.
text: Crushed, Tin Cup heads to the door, stops and turns.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'm gonna qualify for the U.S.
dialog: Open and kick your boyfriend's
dialog: ass.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Please leave.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Whatever you think of me, you
dialog: should know that your boyfriend
dialog: hates old people, children, and
dialog: dogs.
text: He exits. She just sits there.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 43 EXT. DRIVING RANGE - HIGH ANGLE - NIGHT 43
text: The lone figure of Tin Cup stands on a tee, arching SEVEN
text: IRONS -- THWOCK! -- into the night, serenaded by CRICKETS
text: and the occasional BUG-LIGHT ZAPPING a fly.
text: Romeo and the regulars stand behind Tin Cup observing
text: approvingly. Tin Cup mutters something with every swing.
dialog: It sounds like he's saying --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (just before
dialog: swinging)
dialog: Dollar bills...
text: Tin Cup hits another shot, totally focused.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Dollar bills...
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: How'd it go with the doctor lady,
dialog: boss?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: If she was a par three, I'd'a made
dialog: a nine.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Stroke and distance, eh?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (nods, deep in
dialog: concentration)
dialog: Dollar bills...
text: Romeo backs off to let the man practice, and Clint asks:
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: What's he saying?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Dollar bills. His divots got to
dialog: look like dollar bills. 'Course
dialog: Moe Norman hits divots like bacon
dialog: strips 'cuz he come over the top,
dialog: but that's gettin' too technical
dialog: for you.
text: Clint turns and nods approvingly to the rest of the
dialog: regulars.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: See that, boys? He's hitting
text: dollar bills. Tightening his
dialog: game.
text: They murmur approval, but Earl catches Clint's eye and
text: jerks his head at Tin Cup, indicating Clint isn't doing
text: his job as group spokesman. Clint takes a step forward.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Uh, something us shitheels want
dialog: you to know, Tin Cup, is uh, well,
dialog: we been to see Doreen, and we told
dialog: her we'd stage a customer's strike
dialog: if she didn't give you time off to
dialog: win the Open.
text: This remark penetrates Tin Cup's concentration. He turns
text: with a smile to the regulars.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You perverts did that for me?
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: We believe in you, man.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: And if you get past the local
dialog: qualifier, we gonna sponsor you.
text: Tin Cup looks at the beaming faces of the regulars and
text: smiles broadly.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Thanks, boys -- a man couldn't
dialog: have better friends. Now move the
dialog: hell back and shut the fuck up.
dialog: You're messing up my
dialog: concentration.
text: And with big smiles, they move each other back so as not
text: to mess up Tin Cup's concentration. And he pulls out
text: another ball, mutters dollar bills, and hits another
dialog: perfect shot.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 44 EXT. DRIVING RANGE - NIGHT (LATER) 44
text: Everyone's gone home except Tin Cup, who keeps drilling
text: beautiful shots into the Texas night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 45 EXT. ADJACENT HIGHWAY - NIGHT 45
text: A car is parked unnoticed. A figure sits alone, watching
text: Tin Cup from a distance. Molly.
scene_heading: MOLLY'S POV - SOLITARY FIGURE OF TIN CUP
text: With his elegant swing, as graceful as he is crude, a Zen
text: ritual. Finally, weary at last, Tin Cup tosses his club
text: in his bag and drags it toward his ever-present
text: Winnebago, which we see him enter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 46 INT. WINNEBAGO - NIGHT 46
text: He drops his clubs on the couch. The place is a wreck,
text: and he collapses in a chair, CRACKING a CAN of cheap
speaker_heading: BEER.
text: A KNOCK at the door. He's startled.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Debt collection? Process server?
dialog: 51.
dialog: Ex-flame? Jesus, I'm clean.
dialog: (disguises his
dialog: voice)
dialog: Who is it?
text: The door opens -- Molly enters. He's surprised but well-
text: settled into his bath of cynicism.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: God, you've got a beautiful
dialog: swing --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: -- And big, beautiful green eyes
dialog: -- I'm a beautiful guy.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I came here to apologize.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Well, I counseled you, you did
dialog: exactly what I said, and I just...
dialog: poured cold water over your
dialog: effort.
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: I didn't get it. I'm a terrible
dialog: shrink, probably... I should've
dialog: never got out of real estate --
dialog: actually I should never have
dialog: left Ohio for that cowboy in
dialog: Armarillo -- have you ever been
dialog: to Amarillo?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: A cowboy?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: It's not as romantic when you're
dialog: actually with one -- a wrangler,
dialog: y'know -- so of course the oil
dialog: man in Dallas looked great after
dialog: that -- I don't know what I was
dialog: thinking... That's when I went to
dialog: the gulf and ended up in, well,
dialog: trailer sales and then all those
dialog: condos in Corpus Christi -- the
dialog: bottom fell outta the market and
dialog: I needed a new gig --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: A new gig?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Therapy. I took all the classes.
dialog: 52.
dialog: I'm licensed, y'know.
dialog: (suddenly dejected)
dialog: Oh God...
dialog: (reaching into her
dialog: purse)
dialog: Mind if I smoke?
dialog: (lights up)
dialog: Anyway, I'm flattered you asked me
dialog: out. I can't accept because I am
dialog: involved with David and I haven't
dialog: seen any evidence that he treats
text: old people, kids or dogs badly.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I got a little carried away, I
dialog: guess. I shoulda just layed up,
dialog: made my par, and moved on.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Look, I want to propose something
dialog: -- as long as you understand this
dialog: is professional -- we're not going
dialog: out together --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Tee it up.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I can help you with the mental
dialog: aspects of the game. You've got
dialog: Romeo to be your swing doctor, I
dialog: can be your head doctor.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: But you said you were a lousy shrink?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Well, yeah... I'll improve.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I got no money to pay for you.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I'll trade my services for golf
dialog: lessons and help you through the
dialog: qualifying. If you get into the
dialog: Open, well, you're on your own.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You'll be with David.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: Silence. A deal. It's the best they can do.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. COTTONWOOD - FIRST TEE - MORNING 47
dialog: Local qualifier. The First Tee of the Local Open
text: Qualifier. And the voice of the starter.
speaker_heading: STARTER (V.O.)
dialog: ... the next group... Roy McAvoy,
dialog: Salome, Texas... who will be
dialog: playing with...
text: The regulars applaud and whistle and shout way too many
text: "You the man's!" as Tin Cup steps onto the first tee,
text: followed by his Sancho Panza, Romeo. Tin Cup is feeling
text: on top of the world, at his cocky best.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: How ya feelin', boss?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'm feelin' like par's a bad
dialog: score, podnuh -- fifty-eight's
dialog: within the realm!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Jesus, the doctor lady's here --
scene_heading: POV SHOT - MOLLY
text: standing not far from the regulars.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Didn't I tell ya? She's gonna be
dialog: your guru partner. You handle my
dialog: swing mechanics and she handles my
dialog: brain mechanics.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Long as you keep your dick out of
dialog: it --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Me an' the 'big guy' have an
dialog: understanding. He's gonna lie low
dialog: till I get in the Open -- then...
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: The Big Dog'll eat?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: The Big Dog'll hunt, that's for
dialog: sure...
text: Tin Cup steps up to the tee, a couple quick limber
dialog: 54.
text: swings, and he tees it up. As he does, Romeo slips over
dialog: to Molly.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Looks like we partners, Dr. Molly
dialog: --
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I just have to help him keep his
dialog: head on straight --
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: If you can, you be the first.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: He does have the occasional
dialog: tendency towards self-destruction
dialog: it seems.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: It ain't occasional and it ain't
dialog: no tendency -- it's a fact of life
dialog: that he gonna blow sky high, it's
dialog: just a matter of when and how
dialog: fast can the pieces be put back
dialog: together.
dialog: (beat)
text: Behind that twinkle in his eyes is
dialog: nitroglycerin.
text: Tin Cup waves and motions to his team.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Quiet in the gallery! A man's
text: trying to do his job.
text: And Tin Cup uncoils a mighty drive with an elegant
text: stroke, fully confident and smooth. The gallery
text: applauds.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (generally
dialog: announcing)
dialog: Got my 'A' game with me today,
dialog: folks... you're in for a real
dialog: treat!
text: Molly leans to Romeo just before they all head down the
dialog: fairway and confides --
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I find him mildly attractive when
dialog: he's obnoxious and arrogant like
dialog: this --
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Good. 'Cause it's his best
dialog: side...
text: And they head down the fairway, a scruffy little gallery
dialog: on a so-so course. With a lot at stake...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 48 MONTAGE OF TIN CUP'S FRONT NINE 48
text: He hits a perfect wedge -- and says to himself, Romeo,
dialog: Molly, the gallery, the universe --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Dollar bills...
text: 49 He nails a two iron straight as a string. 49
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Nutted it...
text: 50 He rifles another drive into the stratosphere. 50
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Ben Hogan? Who's he?
text: 51 Putt after putt drains into the jar. 51
scene_heading: 52 CLOSE ON the SCOREBOARD -- The red numbers (under par) 52
text: are going up quickly as every shot he hits is dead, solid
dialog: perfect. Minus one, two, four, five, seven...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 53 EXT. COTTONWOOD LOCAL QUALIFIER - TENTH TEE - DAY 53
text: Tin Cup's in a zone, talking to himself, full of himself,
text: in a fabulous, indomitable state of mind.
text: Molly and Romeo keep looking at each other and shrugging,
dialog: Tin Cup's on a roll and needs no help. So far...
text: A couple of the regulars shout out encouragement.
speaker_heading: CLINT/EARL
dialog: You the man, Tin Cup! You the
dialog: man!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: They bugging you, boss -- I can
dialog: shut 'em up?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: The way I'm swinging today,
dialog: 56.
dialog: nothing bugs me -- except
text: insufficient applause.
dialog: (surveying the
dialog: fairway)
dialog: Gimme the lumber.
text: But Romeo is handing him a two iron.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I think two iron's safer.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I said I want the Big Dog.
text: Romeo looks warily down the fairway of a tight dogleg
dialog: left par five.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Tight par five, out of bounds
dialog: left... you don't want to hit
dialog: driver.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'm not going left of those trees.
dialog: I'm going over those trees... with
dialog: a little draw. That way I get
dialog: home in two. That way I'm putting
dialog: for eagle.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You don't need eagle to qualify!
dialog: You need to get used to playing
dialog: smart -- no mistakes wins the
dialog: Open.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Qualify? I want the course
dialog: record! Now gimme the lumber!
text: Tin Cup reaches for the driver. Romeo shifts the golf
text: bag beyond Tin Cup's reach.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You not going to listen to me?
dialog: You don't care I'm trying to help?
dialog: You think I'm full of shit?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I think I'm gonna get penalized
dialog: for slow play if you don't give me
dialog: that fucking driver.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You a head case, boss, always
dialog: were, always will be.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Then let's ask the head doctor.
dialog: Dr. Griswold?
dialog: (to Molly)
dialog: Dr. Griswold, should I hit the Big
dialog: Dog or the two?
text: Suddenly an OFFICIAL steps forward.
scene_heading: P.G.A. OFFICIAL
dialog: Soliciting shot selection advice
dialog: is a two-stroke penalty.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Trust your feelings, Roy.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (to Romeo)
dialog: Ha! Gimme the driver and shut up.
text: Romeo pulls out the driver and he snaps it in half over
text: his knee. He tosses the two halves on the ground near
dialog: Tin Cup.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: ... Go ahead. Hit the driver.
text: Tin Cup looks at the two halves of his driver, curbing
text: his anger, not giving Romeo the satisfaction of a
dialog: reaction.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I changed my mind. Gimme the
dialog: three wood.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You can't clear the dogleg with a
dialog: three wood.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Wanna bet?
text: Romeo pulls out the three wood, snaps it over his knee,
text: and tosses the halves on the ground next to the driver
text: halves. Tin Cup turns with amusement to his playing
dialog: partners, lest they think management has lost the upper
dialog: hand with labor.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Guess I'm going with the safe
dialog: shot, boys.
text: Tin Cup reaches for the two iron, studies it a moment,
text: frowns, and then:
text: He snaps it over his knee. He dumps these halves on the
text: ground with the halves of the driver and three wood.
dialog: 58.
text: Romeo stares, aghast. Tin Cup merely shrugs.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Sometimes I fan that two iron.
dialog: Better gimme the three.
text: Romeo warily hands Tin Cup the three iron. Tin Cup looks
text: at it, frowns, then:
text: He snaps it over his knee and tosses it on the ground.
text: Molly leans over to the regulars.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Is this normal behavior for him?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: The word 'normal' and him don't
text: collide in the same sentence too
dialog: often.
text: She watches in amazement as --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Sometimes I catch that three a
dialog: little thin...
text: He drops the three iron halves with the other halves, and
text: steps past Romeo and sequentially yanks all but the seven
text: iron from his bag.
text: He snaps them over his knee, one by one, citing the
text: crimes of each club with mounting absurdity and ire.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: And I've hooked my four iron...
dialog: (snap)
dialog: ... and hit flyers with the
dialog: five...
dialog: (snap)
dialog: ... and shanked the six...
dialog: (snap)
dialog: ... and skulled the eight...
dialog: (snap)
dialog: ... and fatted the nine...
dialog: (snap)
dialog: ... and chili-dipped the wedge...
dialog: (snap)
dialog: ... and bladed the sand wedge...
dialog: (snap; then pauses
dialog: to reflect
text: contemptuously
dialog: on his putter)
dialog: ... and then there's Mister
dialog: Three-putt...
text: He snaps the putter in half and dumps it in the pile of
dialog: 59.
text: broken clubs at his feet.
text: Then, he reaches for the last club in his bag, the seven
text: iron. The regulars hold their breath, thinking this is
dialog: the end of Tin Cup's Open bid. But...
text: Tin Cup smiles and caresses the seven iron
dialog: affectionately.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: But the seven iron, I never miss
dialog: the seven iron. It's the only
dialog: truly safe club in my bag.
text: He moves to the tee, drops a ball, and hits it down the
text: middle with the seven iron.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You happy, Romeo?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: No, boss, I'm tired... my life's
dialog: too short to spend it watching you
dialog: fall apart. I done it too many
dialog: times.
text: Romeo turns and starts walking away.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What's this? You're quitting?
dialog: First sign of adversity, you're
dialog: quitting?
dialog: (as Romeo
dialog: continues)
dialog: Anyone want to bet me I can't par
dialog: in with a seven iron?
dialog: (to Molly)
dialog: Doc? Take the bet?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Roy -- just shut up and hit the
dialog: ball.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 54 QUICK SERIES OF SHOTS 54
text: Tin Cup's magic with a seven iron. He drives with a
dialog: seven iron.
dialog: 55 He chips with a seven iron. 55
text: 56 He blasts out of sand with an open-bladed seven iron. 56
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 57 EXT. COTTONWOOD LOCAL QUALIFIER - EIGHTEENTH HOLE - DAY 57
text: Tin Cup drains a ten foot putt -- also with the seven
text: iron, and left-handed to boot. He's past the local
dialog: qualifier.
text: The regulars erupt in cheers. You'd have thought he won
dialog: the Masters.
text: And Tin Cup shrugs to the tiny gallery, with insouciance
dialog: and cockiness, and pronounces --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: An easy game, this golf...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 58 EXT. 19TH HOLE - OUTDOOR BAR - DAY (LATER) 58
text: Tin Cup holds court surrounded by his regulars and much
dialog: of the gallery. He's a local hero -- but Molly's not
dialog: impressed.
text: A WAITRESS delivers a tray of long neck beers.
scene_heading: 19TH HOLE WAITRESS
dialog: Beer for everybody.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: You the man, Tin Cup!
text: A toast is raised to their king, and Tin Cup eats it up.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Thanks, boys, what'ya think was my
dialog: best shot -- the seven iron on
dialog: twelve, the seven iron on
dialog: fourteen, or maybe it was the
dialog: bunker shot on eighteen which, to
dialog: my recollection was a -- seven iron?
text: Much laughter. This is the Tin Cup they love.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You definitely the man!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: How'd I do, Doc?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: You failed miserably.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What?! I parred the back nine
dialog: with a seven iron, I qualified for
dialog: the regionals, I --
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Your job is not just to qualify
dialog: for the Open, it's to prepare for
dialog: the Open. My job is to help you
dialog: prepare.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You said to 'trust my feelings'!
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I didn't know you felt like
dialog: breaking all the clubs in your
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: He didn't break the seven!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: He smoked that seven, brother --
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: From what I understand, the U.S.
dialog: Open is the most difficult golf
dialog: tournament in the world played
dialog: under the most difficult
dialog: circumstances with the greatest
dialog: players -- winning it means
dialog: controlling yourself, managing
dialog: your emotions, staying cool, not
text: getting in a pissing contest with
dialog: your caddie who, incidentally,
dialog: quit.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: He always quits, he always comes
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Nonetheless, from the mental
dialog: aspect -- which is my domain --
dialog: you have regressed and are
dialog: fumbling somewhere between
dialog: delusion and denial.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: 'Regression, delusion, denial'?
dialog: You gotta use all this
dialog: psychological language?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I'm a psychologist.
dialog: 62.
text: Tin Cup turns to the regulars for support.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Have a bad day, Roy?
text: Everyone turns to see David Simms enter the conversation.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Hi, honey...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I shot 65 -- parred the backside
text: with a seven iron.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: (intrigued)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: That's the question -- why?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: 'Cause he broke all his other
dialog: clubs.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Snapped 'em in two -- even the
dialog: putter.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Jesus, Roy, I'm on your side here.
dialog: We go way back... I hope you get
dialog: into the Open, but if you don't
dialog: play under control, you'll get
dialog: slaughtered. Good players shoot
dialog: 82 in the Open. You can't always
dialog: go for it.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Swear to God, Doc, this guy is
dialog: not who you think.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: It's a well-known fact that if a
text: camera's not on him, he treats old
dialog: people and children like dirt.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: And dogs.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Yeah, don't forget the dogs.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I think we should go, David.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I think so...
text: Tin Cup's worst characteristics flare up, he won't let
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You ever shoot par with a seven
dialog: iron?
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: It never occurred to me to try.
dialog: (to Molly)
dialog: C'mon, let's go. The car's over
dialog: here....
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'll bet you a thousand dollars
dialog: against my car that I can beat you
dialog: in any game -- any game, you name
text: it -- with a seven iron.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: This is ridiculous.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You a coward? You gonna lay up
dialog: the way you did at the Masters
dialog: last year?
speaker_heading: REGULARS
dialog: (taunting, like
dialog: children)
dialog: Chickie, chickie, chickie...
text: Simms is a little drawn in, not so much by the challenge
text: as the desire to shut up Tin Cup.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Any game, I name it?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Oh, come on, David --
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I just want to teach him a lesson.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Why do men insist on measuring
dialog: their dicks?
text: Tin Cup takes her literally and rises, starting to
text: unbuckle his belt.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Awright, awright! Let's measure,
dialog: 64.
dialog: right now!
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: For God sakes, I wasn't being
dialog: literal!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: David, let's go.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Molly, trust me on this one. Call
dialog: it part of his mental preparation
dialog: for the Open, where the rough is
text: deep, the greens are slick, and
text: the nerves are shattered.
dialog: (to Tin Cup)
dialog: I'll take the bet.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Oh, jeez...
text: The Regulars cheer -- this is what they live for. Simms
text: hands a roll of cash to Molly. Tin Cup hands her his car
dialog: keys.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Awright! What's the game?
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: One swing each. Who can hit the
dialog: longest seven iron --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: It's a lock! I hit the seven like
dialog: John Daly hits a three!
text: The Regulars whoop it up. Their man's a cinch. Tin Cup
text: pulls a ball from his pocket, drops it right on the
text: ground in the middle of the patio.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: From right here, okay?
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Fine with me.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You guys are really being
dialog: childish --
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Molly, leave this one to me.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Dr. Griswold, I know what I'm
dialog: doing.
text: Tin Cup takes a couple of swings to limber up, aiming out
dialog: 65.
text: onto an open area of the course. Serious, intent, the
dialog: look of eagles...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Dollar bills...
text: He takes a full back-swing, opens beautifully, and
text: launches a seven iron like a rocket out toward some
text: driving range markers... to "oohs" and "ahhs" from his
dialog: faithful.
text: The ball lands at a 170 yard marker and bounces further.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Them signs are at least thirty
dialog: yards farther -- that ball musta
dialog: gone 220...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: That ball's about 2-2-7... toed it
dialog: a bit... but it'll do...
speaker_heading: REGULARS
dialog: Nearly 230 with a seven! Pureed
dialog: it, baby, he pureed it!
text: Tin Cup hands Simms the seven iron.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Take a minute to limber up, fine
dialog: with me --
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Don't need to.
text: Simms is still in a sport jacket, slacks, no golf shoes.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Take your jacket off?
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: No, no, I'm fine.
text: Simms drops a ball about where Tin Cup's sat. He stands
text: above the ball and addresses it.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (cockily)
dialog: You're gonna need to muscle up,
dialog: big guy -- give it the old steroid
dialog: jerk...
text: Simms is cool as ice. He smiles, then moves around to
text: the other side of the ball, suddenly facing away from the
dialog: course. This baffles everyone.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: REGULARS
dialog: What the hell you doin'? Wha's
dialog: this?
text: And David Simms hits an effortless seven iron out toward
text: the desert, onto the lonely highway...
text: 59 ... and the ball bounces and bounces and bounces, for 59
text: About three miles, forever. It's probably still going...
scene_heading: 60 CLOSE ON TIN CUP 60
text: The hustler's been hustled.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MOLLY
text: She shrugs and smiles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 61 EXT. COTTONWOOD CLUBHOUSE - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) 61
text: Molly drives away in Simms' car -- followed by Simms in
text: Tin Cup's Cadillac convertible. Simms waves.
text: Tin Cup and the Regulars stand alone. Weakly, lamely, a
text: couple of the Regulars speak. Without conviction.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: You the man, Roy...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You definitely the man...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 62 INT. GOLDEN TASSEL - NIGHT 62
text: A nearly nude dancer named SAMMANTHA on stage to a big
text: Saturday night crowd. Tin Cup's in the front row,
text: sitting with Doreen and a beer. Disconsolate.
speaker_heading: P.A. ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Bring out those bills, boys, if ya
dialog: wanta see a little more of
dialog: Sammantha!
text: Guys pull out singles and larger bills around the runway,
text: placing them on the railing for the gyrating stripper.
speaker_heading: SAMMANTHA
dialog: (to Tin Cup)
dialog: Hey, honey...
dialog: 67.
text: Tin Cup tosses some money onstage with a lackluster
text: wave, he's depressed -- or something.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Hey, honey...
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: I heard you qualified for the
dialog: Regionals -- why you so down?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I broke my clubs -- don't ask why,
dialog: my caddie's pissed off at me, I
dialog: lost my wheels in a sucker bet,
dialog: and my shrink thinks I'm a fool --
dialog: 'cause I probably am...
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: You're seeing a therapist?!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Yeah, what's wrong with that?
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: Only way you'd ever go into
dialog: therapy was if the shrink was a
dialog: doll and you were trying to get
dialog: her into the rack --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You're so shallow. The Good
dialog: Doctor and I are dealing with my
dialog: regression and denial --
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: Oh, Tin Cup, what a crock. You
dialog: got a hard-on.
text: A GUY from the next table leans over, interrupting.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: You `Tin Cup'? Won the Local with
dialog: a seven iron?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: That's me.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: McAvoy? The Tin Cup McAvoy?
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: There's only one -- thank God...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Yeah. You looking for a game?
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: No, but I'd sure like to show you
dialog: my grip...
text: Doreen can't keep his attention. Neither can Sammantha,
text: who writhes only a few feet away.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: How long have you been seeing this
dialog: `Good Doctor'?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Excuse me, Dor', the man's having
dialog: trouble with his grip --
text: The Guy slides over to Tin Cup, quickly joined by his
dialog: buddies.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: See, I used to play a real weak
dialog: grip. But you look at Couples,
dialog: he's got a left hand way over
dialog: here...
text: Tin Cup glances at the guy's grip.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: No, grip it like this, so you're
text: holding on with the last two
dialog: fingers of your left hand.
text: The Guy nudges the COWBOY next to him.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: See that? Tin Cup McAvoy says you
dialog: grip a golf club like this, with
dialog: these two fingers.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: Roy?
dialog: (off no response)
dialog: Roy? Tin Cup? Hello?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: The grip and address are about 90
dialog: percent of the golf swing, so pay
dialog: attention here...
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: When you're done with him, can I
dialog: ask you about my club position at
dialog: address?
text: Sammantha can't keep their attention, either, even though
text: she's down to a G-string, inches away. At the height of
text: the MUSIC, she stops dancing and looks down at Doreen --
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: SAMMANTHA
dialog: Am I doing something wrong?
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: No, honey, you ain't -- but a
dialog: healthy woman's only got two
dialog: choices in this world of ours...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Either fall in love with another
dialog: woman -- or take up golf.
text: And Doreen heads to the dressing room, disgusted, but not
text: at all surprised. She knows Tin Cup -- she knows men.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: ... Now the stronger right-hand
dialog: grip can help ya draw the ball,
dialog: which I plan to do at the
dialog: Regionals next week in Tulsa...
dialog: just shift the hand over a little
dialog: bit... blah, blah, blah...
text: ... And naked women dance before them, unnoticed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 63 EXT. ROUTE 66 (SOMEWHERE IN SOUTHWEST) - DAY 63
text: The WINNEBAGO CHUGS along in the middle of nowhere.
scene_heading: 64 INT. WINNEBAGO - DAY 64
text: Tin Cup drives, as most of the Regulars lounge -- all are
text: there including Turk (the bouncer). But Romeo is
dialog: missing.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: We get through the next 36 holes
dialog: and we in the Open!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I got the yips and I ain't even
dialog: teeing it up...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Nothing to worry about, boys --
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: But you ain't got Romeo?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Don't need him till the Open --
dialog: he'll be back.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: But you don't got the doctor lady?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Oh no, I got her. Right here.
text: He holds up a tape cassette.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: She can't travel to Arizona for
dialog: the Regionals -- she's got a busy
dialog: practice, y'know... so she made me
dialog: this tape to play while I'm out
dialog: there... keep me calm, cool, and
dialog: collected...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: What's on it?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: A little James Taylor, little
dialog: George Jones, little Kahlil
dialog: Gibran, little this, little
dialog: that... and a lotta the voice of
dialog: the smartest chick I ever met.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: The good doctor herself...
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Can we hear it or is it personal?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Since when is therapy personal,
dialog: eh?
text: He punches into his deck and the Winnebago is filled with
text: the sounds of MOLLY'S TAPE, beginning with George
dialog: Jones...
text: ... and the voice of GEORGE JONES takes us into...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 65 EXT. LA PALOMA GOLF CLUB (ARIZONA) - DAY 65
dialog: The Regional Qualifier -- 36-hole tournament pitting all
dialog: the local winners. This is a much bigger deal than the
dialog: local tournament -- more commercial, bigger crowds,
dialog: tougher.
scene_heading: MONTAGE OF REGIONALS
text: Accompanied by MOLLY'S VOICE and the MUSIC of JONES,
scene_heading: TAYLOR, OTHERS.
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TIN CUP
text: He puts the Walkman headset over his ears on the first
dialog: tee. We hear what he hears, and --
speaker_heading: MOLLY (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: ... `Private victories precede
dialog: public victories. You cannot
dialog: harvest a crop before you plant
dialog: it...'
text: Kaboom! He launches a tee shot down the middle.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (V.O)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: ... `How you view the problem, is
dialog: the problem...'
text: 66 TIN CUP chips into the cup. 66
text: 67 TIN CUP drains putt after putt with confidence. 67
speaker_heading: MOLLY (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: ... `Follow your bliss...'
text: 68 TIN CUP takes a club from Earl who's huffing and 68
text: puffing a little too hard for a caddie, and --
text: Tin Cup crisps a three iron over water to a tight green.
text: Tin Cup is carrying his own bag now -- Earl is several
text: paces behind, dragging his body slowly, exhausted.
text: 69 CLOSE ON SCOREBOARD -- Even par, even, even, one 69
dialog: under...
speaker_heading: MOLLY (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: ... `Say not that I have found the
dialog: truth but that I have found a
dialog: truth...'
text: 70 CLOSE ON TIN CUP -- Still in a zone, confident, 70
text: relaxed, hitting lots of good shots. But the score is
text: close, the competition tougher. He's near the top,
dialog: but not first.
dialog: 72.
text: 71 TIN CUP lips out a fifteen-foot putt -- heartbreak. 71
text: He starts to lose it, but...
speaker_heading: MOLLY (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: ...`You can't have the fruits
dialog: without the roots...'
text: And Tin Cup just smiles and taps in.
text: 72 SCOREBOARD tells us we're down to the 36th, final hole. 72
speaker_heading: 73 TIN CUP 73
dialog: Whattya think, Earl?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I think three under will qualify.
dialog: You need birdie. I could shit.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: A little more confidence there,
dialog: Earl...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I wish Romeo was here. I ain't
dialog: cut out to do this. I'm a
text: spectator by nature. An observer.
dialog: I'm a --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Shut up and hand me the Big Dog.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You got it.
text: Tin Cup takes the driver and uncoils a beauty.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: The Force is with me, pods...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 74 TIN CUP hits a wedge approach -- the ball lands inches 74
text: from the hole. The crowd gasps... but --
text: The backspin grabs it and the ball spins back and back
text: and back, ten, twenty, thirty feet before coming to a
dialog: rest.
text: The men head solemnly to the final green.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: 75 EXT. LA PALOMA - 18TH GREEN - DAY 75
text: Tin Cup surveys the thirty-foot snake of a putt. Earl's
dialog: of absolutely no use.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: We need this one big time, Earl,
dialog: whattya think?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (unsurely)
text: Looks straight to me.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Straight?! Thing's a roller
text: coaster breaks four ways and dies
dialog: at the hole -- you're blind!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Actually, I am blind... 20-60 in
dialog: one eye -- and that's the good
dialog: eye...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I got a blind caddie... just hold
dialog: the stick, Earl -- and be sure to
dialog: pull it out...
dialog: Tin Cup studies the hell out of this putt. If it goes
text: in, he's in the Open. He misses, back to Salome.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: ... when the going gets tough,
dialog: the, the, the, whirrrrrrrrrrr,
dialog: the, the...
text: Tin Cup shakes the Walkman and pounds his ears.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Doc? Doc?
dialog: (panicky)
dialog: Earl, Earl -- the tape's jammed!
dialog: She's abandoning me!
speaker_heading: MARSHAL
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Yeah, yeah... I'm flying solo
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: MARSHAL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I gotta make this putt.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: MARSHAL
dialog: Obviously.
text: Tin Cup stares endlessly at the long putt.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: ... just pick the line, feel the
dialog: speed -- bad timing, doc, Jesus...
text: He steps up to the putt, still talking to himself.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Like a million others you made in
dialog: your life, Roy. Just see it going
dialog: in. Just feel it... right in the
dialog: back of the jar... just pull the
dialog: goddamn trigger, you pussy...
text: 76 He strokes the putt -- It starts right, curls back 76
text: left, straightens out, over the ridge, back again,
dialog: endlessly...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Pull the stick, Earl, pull it!
text: Earl's having trouble with the flagstick, shaking it,
text: panicking, and finally -- he snaps it free, but...
text: The ball stops dead on the lip of the cup.
text: Tin Cup contorts in anguished body-English, then falls to
text: his back like a shot animal.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Choking dogs die!
text: And the BALL falls into the cup with a CLICK -- and a
speaker_heading: ROAR.
text: Tin Cup takes a peek at the cup. The ball stays in the
dialog: hole.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 77 EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT 77
text: The Winnebago returns home, a travelling party of beer,
text: boisterousness, and celebration. We hear them all, led
text: by Turk the bouncer and his guitar, singing "The Double
dialog: bogey Blues"... all the way back to Texas.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: 78 EXT. DRIVING RANGE - DAY 78
text: Tin Cup arrives, fresh from the qualifier. Romeo is
text: shafting glubs.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Romes! You've come back!
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: You shoulda been there, Romes, I
text: drained a 30-foot snake to
dialog: qualify!
dialog: (off no answer)
dialog: Earl gave me a straight read --
dialog: the thing broke half a dozen times
dialog: -- missed ya, pods!
text: Romeo gives him the silent treatment.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Okay, don't talk to me -- but
dialog: you're still my guy...
dialog: (losing patience)
dialog: It's a little late to be pissed
dialog: off! We're in the Open! You and
dialog: me!
text: Still nothing from Romeo.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Awright, be that way --
dialog: (switches course)
dialog: -- say... has Molly been around?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I knew you had the hots for her.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What's this? Garbo speaks? Of
dialog: course I have the hots for her and
dialog: I'm doing a damn good job of
dialog: keeping things platonic and
dialog: professional till I kick Simms'
dialog: ass and show her I ain't who she
dialog: thinks I am because, in fact, I am
dialog: who she thinks I am but if I win
dialog: the Open I won't be.
text: Romeo stares back at that curious logic.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Well, I don't think her nor me nor
dialog: the God of Golf his self can keep
dialog: you from blowing up in the Open...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I made it this far! I just got to
dialog: hold it together for 72 more
dialog: 76.
dialog: holes!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: There's a lotta triple bogeys out
dialog: there waiting to grab your ass.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (cheerily)
dialog: You're complaining again! Romeo's
text: back! Whining, bitching, pissed
dialog: off -- you're my man!
text: Silence. Some chagrin.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You didn't fall in love with Earl
dialog: to be your caddie?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
text: He was a wheezing heart attack
dialog: waiting to happen -- cost me
text: three strokes a side...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I carried my bag the last four
dialog: holes. I love ol' Earl but I need
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You don't love me?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: I love you, too, God damn it!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: As much as Earl?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I don't know! Yes, yes, as much
dialog: as Earl --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: More than Earl!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Am I special?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: If you can remove the sexual
text: connotations and overlay a golf
dialog: theme, Romeo -- I am your Juliet.
text: Romeo ponders it all.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Muy bien, Julietta. In that case
dialog: -- I am your caddy once again.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Podnuh.
text: They shake hands.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Awright... now that we got that
dialog: bullshit outta the way, I'm gonna
dialog: hit me some balls and start oilin'
dialog: that sweet swing o' mine for the
dialog: big boys...
text: Romeo sits back in the shade, still washing the thousands
text: of golf balls in the rack, watching as --
text: 79 Tin Cup drops a bucket of balls on the hardscrabble 79
text: ground, pulls out a club and limbers up.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Nobody heard from Molly, eh?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You got it bad, don't ya?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Somethin' about that chick...
text: Tin Cup addresses the ball and takes a swing. Everything
text: looks normal in his swing, but...
text: Thwock! -- the BALL squirls off to the side and RATTLES
text: against a fence. Ugly.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Hmmm... little chili dipper
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Be sure to do that in the Open.
text: Unfazed, Tin Cup steps up to hit again, but... once
dialog: more --
text: Thwock! -- Another horrible-looking squib to the right.
text: Romeo stops washing balls and notices, watching Tin Cup.
dialog: Thwock, thwock! -- Something's terribly wrong.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TIN CUP
text: Concern crosses his face.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Romeo!
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I'm watching.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: It ain't no chili dipper.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Yeah, boss, you got the 'S' word.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What am I doing wrong?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Shanks are like a virus -- they
dialog: just show up. Nobody can figure
dialog: 'em out.
dialog: Thwock, thwock, thwock! -- Three more chili dippers. Our
text: man definitely has the shanks. And he's panicking.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Romes! Something's terribly
dialog: wrong. What's your guess?!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: It's the woman.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I thought you said it was a virus?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: A woman can have the same effect.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What do I do?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Keep swinging...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 80 EXT. RANGE - THAT NIGHT (MUCH LATER) 80
dialog: Thwock, thwock, thwock! -- Night has fallen and he still
dialog: has the shanks.
text: The regulars have gathered and are huddled, murmuring.
text: The word has spread like wildfire -- Tin Cup has the
text: shanks.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Never thought it would happen...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: The shanks is for us mortals, not
dialog: 79.
dialog: for the great ones...
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: Esta muy feo... muy, muy feo...
dialog: (It is very ugly, very, very ugly...)
text: Tin Cup angrily throws his club out into the night and
text: turns to the regulars.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Y'know why they named this game
dialog: 'golf'? 'Cause the words 'fuck'
dialog: and 'shit' were already taken!
text: A CAR HORN HONKS -- All heads turn to see:
scene_heading: POV SHOT - PINK CORVETTE
text: pulls in -- Doreen gets out, carrying a big package.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: Hiya, fellas!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What is this? Everybody like to
dialog: watch a train wreck?!
text: Doreen approaches the regulars, and we notice for the
dialog: first time that there are a number of bags and packages
dialog: with the boys.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
text: He's in one of his pleasant moods,
dialog: I see --
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: He's got the shanks. We got the
dialog: makings of a Greek tragedy here.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: (shouting to
dialog: Tin Cup)
dialog: Quit whining and get over here.
dialog: We've got something for you.
text: Tin Cup drags his sorry ass to the group.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Unless it's a 'swing thought,' I'm
dialog: not interested...
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: (ignoring his
dialog: attitude)
dialog: We're here to sponsor you in the
dialog: 80.
dialog: Open. Me an' the boys have pooled
dialog: our resources and come up with
dialog: some cash so you can look and feel
dialog: as spiffy as all them big-name
dialog: pros.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: But I got the shanks --
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: Yeah, and you obviously still have
dialog: a hard-on for the doctor chick --
dialog: your face is all screwed up and
dialog: tight like you haven't been laid
dialog: in awhile --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Is it really that obvious?
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: It's not a good look for you.
dialog: Roy, your heart is not the only
dialog: organ you wear on your sleeve.
dialog: There's a certain, vulgar appeal
dialog: to your transparency.
text: Tin Cup shrugs. She always has him outflanked.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: C'mon, Tin Cup, we're trying to
dialog: make you a presentation --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Awright, awright...
text: She unwraps a tour golf bag -- Big gold and red lettering
text: advertises "The Golden Tassel." Pastie tassels hang from
text: all over the bag. Doreen sets it down proudly.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: I got the Golden Tassel to sponsor
dialog: you at the Open.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You expect me to pack that around?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I'm carrying the bag.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: It's worth four hundred dollars
dialog: endorsement money to you --
text: Earl steps forward with a golf shirt bedecked with sewn
text: on patches and logos.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: See, Dewey got you First State
dialog: Banking of Salome, and Clint got
dialog: you Short-Haul Trucking and I got
dialog: you Brink and Brown sanitation --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'm being sponsored by a sewage
dialog: disposal system?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: We call it human resources
dialog: management, Roy, please...
text: Jose steps forward with a golf cap, also emblazoned.
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: I've got Wally's Smokehouse for ya
dialog: -- kind of a nice sign...
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: And since I couldn't get the post
dialog: office to come aboard, me and my
dialog: girl friend Muriel's gonna buy a
dialog: fan club patch you can put anywhere
dialog: you want.
text: Doreen and the regulars look at Tin Cup proudly.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'm supposed to wear this shit?
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: This shit is us, man. You can't
dialog: win without us.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: You're the pride of Salome!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Hell, I won't even make the cut!
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: What happened to your confidence?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
text: He's shanking his love life so
text: he's shanking the golf ball.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: Must be true love.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: He's a goner.
text: Tin Cup surveys all the bizarre sponsorship loot, and
dialog: starts loosening up. These are his people, after all,
dialog: 82.
text: and they're behind him all the way.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Look, everybody, this is great.
dialog: I'm sorry I'm acting so pathetic
dialog: but my swing's never abandoned me
dialog: before. I just need a little time
dialog: to work it out.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Anything you want --
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Give him some room, boys --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (to anyone who'll
dialog: listen)
dialog: Maybe it's my grip... maybe I'm
dialog: opening up too soon... too late...
dialog: coming over the top... no,
dialog: dropping underneath...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh, sweet Jesus, why have you
dialog: abandoned me?
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: (to the regulars)
text: He's trying to talk to God. It's
dialog: time for us to go.
text: Doreen and the regulars quietly slip away to leave Tin
dialog: Cup with his newly sponsored gifts and, more importantly,
text: his newly lost grip, swing, and confidence.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You want me to stay, boss?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I need to be alone.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You got it.
text: And Romeo herds the rest of them out to their cars in the
text: lot. And as they drive away, Tin Cup sits down, his head
text: in his hands.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 81 EXT. RANGE - NEXT MORNING 81
text: The Winnebago sits forlornly in the parking lot next to
dialog: the range which has never looked lonelier.
text: Tin Cup's Caddy convertible pulls up to the Winnebago.
dialog: 83.
text: But Roy isn't driving -- Molly is. She gets out, goes to
text: the door.
text: She knocks.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Roy? Anybody home?
text: There's no answer so she tries the door, and walks in on:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 82 INT. WINNEBAGO - MORNING 82
text: Tin Cup stands there caught, like a deer in the
text: headlights, like a man caught cross dressing, a private
dialog: confession made public -- he can't run and he can't
dialog: hide...
text: Roy "Tin Cup" McAvoy is wearing every gimmick that Molly
text: first arrived with -- plus many more. He wears a
text: pendulum cap, his arms are strapped together, a curious
text: triangular coat hanger type contraption connects his
text: elbows, there's a neck brace, an ankle anchor, an arrow
text: attachment to his left hand, a bucket for right foot, he
text: swings a collapsible club... and a BEGINNERS GOLF VIDEO
text: PROJECTS loudly from his VCR, so loudly that he never
dialog: heard her knocking.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: My God...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Aarghh...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Roy...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Dr. Griswold...
text: A moment of pathetic silence, then:
text: Molly starts laughing -- He is destroyed.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
text: The therapist laughs at her
dialog: patient? Is that how it works? A
text: man is laid bare before God and
dialog: he's the butt of the cosmic joke?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I'm sorry, I just...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Some of this shit might actually
dialog: 84.
dialog: work, y'know... I mean I think
dialog: there's something to this hat
text: with the pendulum golf ball
dialog: thing... may be on to something
dialog: here...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Oh, Roy, Jesus... Quoting yourself,
dialog: 'It is the paraphernalia for lost
dialog: and desperate souls.'
text: Tin Cup lets down. The wind goes out of his sails and he
text: loses his defensiveness.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Well, God damn... a lost and
dialog: desperate soul stands before you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I assume I have the
dialog: confidentiality of doctor-client
dialog: privilege in regards to this
dialog: outfit?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Of course you do. What happened?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I got the shanks.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Are you taking penicillin?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: It can't be treated! It's much
dialog: worse than whatever you thought it
dialog: was.
dialog: (beat)
text: There's a glitch in my swing.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: So it's in Romeo's department?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: He thinks it's your department --
dialog: says it's a head thing.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Oh. Well. I just came over to
dialog: congratulate you on the regionals
dialog: and return your car -- David says
dialog: he doesn't want it, just wanted to
dialog: make a point with you --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I suppose we could have a
dialog: therapy session right here and now
dialog: --
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I don't want therapy. I want you.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Roy... I gotta get some air --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Look at me --
dialog: (considering what
dialog: that means)
dialog: Well, not right at the moment --
dialog: but listen to me. You're with the
dialog: wrong guy. I'm the right guy.
dialog: Everyone tells me my face is all
dialog: screwed up tight as a drum 'cause
dialog: I've been crazy about you from
dialog: the day you showed up wearing
dialog: this stupid stuff and the whole
dialog: damn thing has both inspired
dialog: me to get here on the verge of
dialog: greatness yet it's also caused
dialog: me to get the shanks which
dialog: could humiliate me in front of
dialog: a zillion people.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Such is life. So dump that phony
dialog: bastard and come to the Open in my
dialog: corner -- you can delay your
dialog: romantic urges, which I know are
dialog: lurking in there among the excess
dialog: of brain cells you possess --
dialog: until the appropriate time...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tell me you're not at least
dialog: moderately attracted to me.
text: Tin Cup stands there with the ball still dangling from
dialog: his hat, the leather straps, the bucket, the arrows --
text: for the moment he's forgotten how stupid he looks.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You have moments.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Tell me which ones are my moments
dialog: and I'll try to duplicate them.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: This is a moment. You look great.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Now?!
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Utterly exposed, completely
text: vulnerable, the inner child trying
dialog: to get out.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: My inner child needs spanking.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You always liked that part about
text: saddling up, the smell of leather
dialog: --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: C'mon, let's have a drink. Call
dialog: it therapy. Charge me 75 an hour.
dialog: Little Cuervo, little Freud...
text: She's thinking about it.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Naw... I gotta go.
dialog: (turns to leave)
dialog: Oh, I don't have a car, I
dialog: need a ride.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 83 EXT. ALONG RIVER BACK TO TOWN - DAY 83
text: Tin Cup and Molly in his convertible. He works on her
text: without pushing too hard.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I know a spot along the river's
dialog: great to watch the sunset?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Not tonight.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: 'Not tonight' means maybe some
dialog: other night?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I didn't mean it like that.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Consciously you didn't mean it
dialog: like that -- but how about
dialog: unconsciously, you're the expert,
dialog: did you mean it unconsciously?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Unconsciously, Roy, I don't have a
dialog: clue what I'm talking about.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I feel we're making progress.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I do too. But I have no idea what
dialog: it's progress towards...
scene_heading: A84 EXT. MOLLY'S OFFICE - DUSK A84
text: The Caddy pulls up in front of her office at the new
text: mall. She gets out.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Good luck in the Open, Roy.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Put your money on me, Doc, the
dialog: odds are fabulous and God knows
dialog: I'm overdue...
text: He drives away, and we stay:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MOLLY
text: Watching Tin Cup careen away in his Caddy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 84/85 EXT. SOUTHWESTERN HIGHWAY - DAY 84/85
text: The intrepid Winnebago on the way to the Open. Romeo
text: drives -- Tin Cup stares out the window.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You got to relax, boss --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Goin' to the U.S. Open with the
dialog: shanks. Gonna be chili dipping my
dialog: way around the course on worldwide
dialog: television... sure, relax.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I'm gonna get rid of them shanks
dialog: for ya. No hay problema.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Molly and I are circling each
dialog: other... I can feel it...
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: She the enemy, boss.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Naw...
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Well she wakin' up with the enemy
dialog: -- same thing.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Tell me something, Romes -- the
dialog: absolute truth -- you think I can
dialog: go 72 holes without falling apart.
text: Romeo keeps driving, pretends not to hear.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You heard me! I don't want no
dialog: bullshit... do you think I can do
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I don't know, boss, I just don't
dialog: know.
text: And Tin Cup puts on his Walkman, and stares out the
text: window endlessly at a thousand miles of passing scenery,
text: to the MUSIC of GEORGE JONES...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 86 EXT. DESERT - DAY 86
text: The WINNEBAGO RUMBLES out of the country heading east,
dialog: and --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: 87 EXT. CENTRAL TEXAS PLAINS - DAY 87
text: The Winnebago heads out of the high plains.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 89 EXT. PINE HILLS GOLF CLUB (NORTH CAROLINA) - DAY 89
text: The Winnebago passes through a "tunnel" of tall, old
text: pines into a cathedral environment of old money and
dialog: old golf.
scene_heading: 90 INT. WINNEBAGO - DAY 90
text: Romeo and Tin Cup stare out into the trees, the lushness
text: -- a couple of wide-eyed kids.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I bet this is the first Winnebago
dialog: they ever saw here...
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Yeah... and the first Mexican...
text: The Winnebago pulls up to a guard gate -- A SECURITY
text: GUARD comes to the window. A banner hangs above the
text: entrance a few paces past the security gate, proclaiming:
dialog: "Old Pines -- U.S. Open Championship."
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Como esta, amigo. I have with me
dialog: one of the legendary ball strikers
dialog: in the history of golf --
text: The Security Guard strains to see in.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Who's that? Mr. Crenshaw? That you?
dialog: Mr. Price, Mr. Norman? No?
text: Tin Cup leans across Romeo to introduce himself.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Roy 'Tin Cup' McAvoy.
dialog: Representing the great American
dialog: Southwest.
text: The Guard backs off quickly, turns to his SECOND.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Do we have a... McCormack... on
dialog: the list.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: McAvoy -- Roy McAvoy -- he's a
dialog: legend!
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: We got over 150 legends in this
dialog: tournament. Sorry.
text: Romeo starts cursing in Spanish. The Guard is unphased.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Call the police.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Police?
text: The police quickly appear to take over the situation.
text: Tin Cup leaps out of the Winnebago to argue his point.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: There's a mistake here, fellas!
dialog: 90.
text: A COP grabs Tin Cup and Roy is ready to fight. It's
dialog: getting ugly real fast.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: We'll throw your ass in jail right
dialog: now, pal -- there's a lotta
dialog: lunatics here and we don't take
dialog: chances...
text: At that moment David Simms pulls in, driving a con-
text: vertible sponsor's car. He sees the scuffle, gets
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: What's the problem here?
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: This clown says he's in the
dialog: Open...
text: Simms spots Tin Cup -- a delicious moment for him. Tin
text: Cup wants to hide but he just gamely covers his face.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Hiya, David... nice sweater.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: He's not on the list.
text: Simms takes the clipboard with the list.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Hiya, Roy... welcome to the big
dialog: leagues...
dialog: (checks the list)
dialog: Here ya go, Charlie, his name's
dialog: right here.
dialog: (to Tin Cup)
dialog: They spelled your name wrong --
text: easy mistake with a total unknown.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: (to Cop)
dialog: Let him in.
text: Simms smiles at Tin Cup, the easy smile of a man on top.
text: Tin Cup doesn't respond, just asks the Guard:
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Which way to the practice range?
text: As Tin Cup tries to regain some dignity, and climbs back
dialog: into the Winnebago --
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: (to Simms)
dialog: He said he was a 'legend'?
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Oh he is... he's a very big name
text: at a driving range in Salome,
dialog: Texas...
dialog: They all have a good laugh, and --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 91 EXT. PRACTICE RANGE - DAY 91
dialog: Lots of the big names are there. Romeo is like a kid at
text: the ballpark.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Look! Right there! Fred
dialog: Couples... and Ray Floyd!
text: Romeo notices that Tin Cup is staring at the pile of
text: practice balls lying there on the tee.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Look at these balls. Brand new
dialog: Titleists. Lookit 'em, every one
text: a brand new Titleist.
dialog: (lowers his voice)
dialog: Sneak a few in the bag when you
dialog: get a chance. We swipe enough
dialog: free shit we might even pay for
dialog: this fiasco.
text: Tin Cup limbers up, trying not to be in awe of the real
text: legends who line the practice range, hitting beautiful
text: shot after beautiful shot with graceful ease.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You think it would be
dialog: inappropriate to ask Ray Floyd for
dialog: an autograph?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I think it's a dead giveaway,
dialog: Romes... but if I still got the
dialog: shanks we're gonna be found out
dialog: real fast...
text: Tin Cup nudges a ball from the pile into address
text: position. Romeo hands him a different club.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Hit the seven iron. You never
dialog: miss the seven...
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Good thought, Pods...
text: Tin Cup waggles, shakes, limbers, addresses...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Dollar bills...
text: And he swings.
text: THWOCK! A hideous shank squirrels across line, almost
text: hitting a group of U.S. Open officials. Heads turn.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (to anyone who'll
dialog: listen)
dialog: Who hit that shot? Anybody see?
text: He addresses another one. And swings.
text: THWOCK! A disaster. He crumbles.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: A little thin, Boss.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: A little fucking thin?! I still
dialog: got the shanks! Everybody's
dialog: watching! Christ, Simms is here...
text: Simms has arrived and is watching Tin Cup with delight as
text: he loosens up.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Maybe we should work on putting.
dialog: Ya can't shank a putt.
text: Tin Cup pretends to limber a little more before daring to
text: strike another ball.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: If you're the Mexican Mac O'Grady,
dialog: Romes, you gotta figure out why
dialog: I'm still shanking the ball.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What's the problem? I'm catching
dialog: it on the hosel, right? Moving my
dialog: head? I'm laying off it, I'm
dialog: pronating, I'm supinating, I'm
dialog: clearing too early, I'm clearing
dialog: too late, I'm off plane, I ain't
dialog: dropping in -- oh, God, my swing
text: feels like an unfolding lawn chair.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You got a virus in your brain. I
dialog: 93.
dialog: got to kill the brain to kill the
dialog: virus.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Anything. Kill me now!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Put all your change in your right
dialog: pocket.
text: Tin Cup follows orders, not questioning the logic.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Very good. Now tie your left
text: shoelace in a double knot.
text: Again, Tin Cup dutifully follows orders.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Esta bueno. Now, turn your hat
text: around backwards and put a blue
dialog: tee behind your right ear...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'll look like a fool.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: What you think you look like
dialog: hitting those squirrelly chili
text: peppers up Freddy Couples' ass,
dialog: eh? Do what I say or I quit.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Okay, okay...
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Perfect... now hit a seven iron
dialog: into that tree over there. You're
dialog: ready.
text: Tin Cup hits a perfect seven iron into the trees.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: How'd I do that?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You ain't thinking about shanking,
dialog: you ain't thinking about the
dialog: doctor lady, you ain't thinking
dialog: period. You just lookin' like a
dialog: fool and hittin' it pure -- your
dialog: natural state.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Fuck you.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You cured.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: That's it. Your brain was getting
text: in the way.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: That's rarely been a problem.
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Well, I should recommend you go
dialog: work on your short game but I
dialog: think it's better if you go get
text: drunk instead.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Get drunk?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Yeah. You always play better when
dialog: you're wasted.
text: Tin Cups stares at the swami, and --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 92 INT. WINNEBAGO (IN PARKING LOT) - NIGHT 92
text: Again to GEORGE JONES on the CASSETTE PLAYER, Tin Cup is
text: doing a slow dance with his driver.
text: Romeo sits on the couch, stone cold sober, pouring drink
text: after drink for Tin Cup, who's thoroughly plastered.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: It's three in the morning, Romes,
dialog: what time I tee off?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
text: Seven-o-five... first group off...
dialog: Keep drinking, keep dancing...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: That's four hours from now?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You're drinking till five...
dialog: c'mon, c'mon, have another --
dialog: (a tough coach)
dialog: Get you in shape --
dialog: 95.
text: Tin Cup tosses down yet another drink, and staggers
text: around the room with his driver until, finally, he
text: collapses in a heap on the floor. Romeo looks down
text: at him coolly, like horse trainer Wayne Lukas sizing
dialog: up his Derby entry.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Nothing like the sight of a
text: finely-tuned athlete on the verge
dialog: of greatness...
text: Romeo tosses a blanket over Tin Cup lying on the floor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A93 EXT. PINE HILLS CLUBHOUSE - EARLY MORNING A93
text: Two figures hurry across the lawn to the first tee. Our
text: intrepid Don Quixote and Sancho Panza.
scene_heading: 93 EXT. GOLF COURSE - EARLY MORNING 93
text: The first tee -- the early morning air is heavy and
text: still. The course is quiet and wet with dew. The
text: gallery is sparse. The silence is broken by the
text: starter's voice.
speaker_heading: STARTER (V.O.)
dialog: With the honor in the 7:08
dialog: pairing, from Salome, Texas,
dialog: Mr. Roy McAvoy.
text: A half-dozen people clap, and --
text: Tin Cup and Romeo stagger to the tee, barely making it on
text: time. Tin Cup is massively hung-over and unshaven.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: No time for a bucket, eh?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Almost missed the starting time
dialog: trying to get you off the floor,
dialog: boss. You don't handle the hooch
dialog: like you used to...
text: Tin Cup tries to get warm quickly, taking a few hurried
dialog: practice swings. The early tee times are strictly for
text: the longest of long shots, and almost nobody is around.
text: Tin Cup's hand shakes as he closes the Velcro flap on his
text: glove. He's wearing the hat and shirt with the sew-on
text: patches, as he stares down the first fairway.
text: Romeo hands him a driver.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I seen this hole on TV. Hit the
dialog: big dog down the chute --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: No, I've learned my lesson. Gonna
dialog: play it safe, smart, conservative.
dialog: Fairways and greens. Hand me the
dialog: two iron.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Thought of the day is -- `be
dialog: humble.'
text: And Tin Cup launches a two iron down the first fairway.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 94 EXT. SCOREBOARD - DAY (LATER) 94
text: The scorer posts an eighty-three next to Tin Cup's name.
text: Tin Cup stares, shell-shocked, as his score is posted.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Eighty-three. Well, you humble
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Eleven bogeys and seven pars. I
dialog: didn't make a three. I didn't
dialog: make one goddam three all day.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You weren't trying to make threes.
dialog: You were trying to avoid making
dialog: thirteen.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I was hungover!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Maybe that was a coaching error on
dialog: my part.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Thanks, amigo...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 95 INT. CLUBHOUSE BAR - CLOSE ON TELEVISION ABOVE BAR - 95
speaker_heading: DUSK
dialog: 97.
text: David Simms is interviewed.
speaker_heading: SIMMS (V.O.)
dialog: (on the television)
dialog: I'm the last person who expected
dialog: me to come out of the blocks with
dialog: a sixty-seven and lead the Open...
dialog: It's been a long time since I
dialog: played this game with the fire and
dialog: determination you need to win...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: The Anti-Christ shoots 67, you
dialog: believe it?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Ol' Anti-Christ got a hot
dialog: putter...
speaker_heading: SIMMS (V.O.)
dialog: (on television)
dialog: ... you see, this game is all
dialog: about integrity and tradition and
dialog: honor...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What? It's about cheating and
dialog: racism and bullshit!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Easy, boss...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 96 EXT. JUST OFF EIGHTEENTH - DAY (SAME TIME) 96
text: Live coverage of the Simms interview. Molly is among a
text: small crowd gathered to watch. He doesn't seem to know
dialog: that she's there.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: (live on mike)
dialog: So tomorrow I'll just go out there
dialog: and try to make some good swings
dialog: and, Lord willing, maybe I can put
dialog: up another good number. Thank
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NANTZ
dialog: Thank you, David Simms, a
text: brilliant opening round 67 to take
dialog: the lead.
text: Simms walks away, now off-camera. FANS call out --
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: FANS
dialog: David! David! Over here!
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Gotta go.
text: Simms cuts down behind the tent toward the clubhouse,
text: away from the galleries. The marshals open a rope
dialog: allowing him to avoid the crowds, but --
text: An ELDERLY COUPLE with a young child are there. The lady
text: has a tiny dog in her arms.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Simms!
dialog: (off no response)
dialog: Can you sign an autograph for our
dialog: grandson?
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: Can't you see I'm busy?! I'm
dialog: working! This is my office! Do I
dialog: come to your office and ask you
dialog: for an autograph?! Jesus...
text: He practically stiff-arms them as he passes, heading up
text: to the clubhouse. They stand there in shock.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: (muttering to
dialog: himself)
dialog: Who the fuck these people think
dialog: they are...
text: CAMERA PANS OVER TO the edge of the tent. Molly, trying
dialog: to get to David, has seen the whole thing.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MOLLY
text: She speaks to herself.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Old people, children, and dogs...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 97 INT. CLUBHOUSE BAR - SUNSET 97
text: Simms enters to numerous congratulations from officials,
text: caddies, other PLAYERS. Instantly, in public, he feigns
text: humility with convincing flair.
speaker_heading: PLAYER #1
dialog: Helluva round, Dave!
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Got lucky out there...
speaker_heading: PLAYER #2
dialog: Great start, Simmsy...
text: Simms stops when he sees Tin Cup and Romeo drowning their
dialog: sorrows.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Hey, Tin Cup -- heard you put a
dialog: monster number up there...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Coulda been worse...
text: A small bar crowd is enjoying Simms' taunts.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I played in the Pro-Am with some
dialog: asshole movie star shot 82 here
dialog: once... how did a great ball-
dialog: striker like you, a `legend,'
dialog: manage to shoot an 83?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I missed a four foot putt on the
dialog: eighteen for an 82, that's how...
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: It ain't like playing some muni
dialog: track in Brownsville, is it?
text: A voice interrupts.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Does, `integrity, tradition, and
dialog: honor' include kicking a man when
dialog: he's down?
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Oh, Mol', this is just guy stuff,
dialog: bar talk, part of the game -- no
dialog: offense, right, Cup?
text: No answer. Tin Cup's about as low as one can go.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: This man still has a lot of good
dialog: golf shots in his system --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (trying to hide)
dialog: Molly, it's okay, go away... I
dialog: don't need any attention right
dialog: 100.
dialog: now...
text: SOME GUY AT THE BAR
dialog: (to Tin Cup)
dialog: You the guy shot 83?!
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: David, I'll bet you a hundred
dialog: dollars right now that Roy here
dialog: can hit a ball --
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: -- from right here to... through
dialog: that door to the patio...
text: She points to a double door, forty feet away across, the
text: bar, about an 8 x 8 foot opening.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Molly, please...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: And give me a vodka tonic with a
dialog: twist --
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Molly, really, this isn't...
dialog: dignified...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Roy?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I wanta go back to Texas...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What about the river, the piranha,
dialog: the immortality? All that
dialog: bullshit? You gonna drag your ass
dialog: home with an 83?
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: In fact, two hundred says he can
dialog: hit it through that door, over the
dialog: patio, into the river, and make
text: that pelican fly off that post.
dialog: Everyone strains to look --
scene_heading: POV - ABOUT 170 YARDS AWAY
text: A pelican sits on a piling in the river. Impossible.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: This is ridiculous...
text: But Romeo's sizing it up.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You got that shot, Pods, hood the
dialog: seven, turn it over, start it low,
dialog: right to left...
text: Molly takes a swig of her drink and slaps some money on
dialog: the bar.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I'm not leaving till one of you
text: men starts acting in a manly
dialog: fashion.
text: Simms puts a hundred dollar bill on the counter.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Let's just get this over with.
dialog: One ball, one swing, one gull.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Roy?
text: Tin Cup still sits, head half buried at the bar. He's
dialog: never passed up such an opportunity, but he's pretty low.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You the man.
text: He turns from his bar stool, glances at the situation.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: One swing? Four to one odds.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I'll make it ten to one. Stick it
dialog: up your ass. I'm leading the
dialog: Open.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Now we're talking! Manly men!
text: Whoas! From the barside gallery. Tin Cup rises and
text: someone hands him a club. Suddenly there's a crowd,
text: including Gary McCord who's been watching from the far
text: end of the bar. He grabs a seltzer hose as if it's a
text: mike and begins announcing.
speaker_heading: McCORD
text: ... He's looking at thirty yards
text: of bar and grill, an opening
text: through the French doors, forty
text: yards of patio umbrellas, a
dialog: 102.
text: hundred yards of water, and a
text: lonely pelican sitting out there
text: in a 15 mile an hour breeze, south
dialog: by southwest...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He'll probably try to shut down a
dialog: four iron -- no, he's selected his
dialog: trusty seven iron...
text: Tin Cup steps up to a ball lying on the carpet.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Kind of a thin lie...
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Beats all that deep rough you were
dialog: in today...
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Fore in the grill! Fore on the
dialog: patio! You're the legend, boss...
text: Tin Cup suddenly backs off the swing and turns to Molly.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What is this all about?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Shut up and hit the ball.
speaker_heading: McCORD
dialog: (on "mike")
dialog: The Ledge still has to be thinking
dialog: about that brutal, ego-sapping,
dialog: manhood-robbing eighty-three he
dialog: buried himself under yesterday. I
dialog: mean, that's just an avalanche of
text: golf swings, a landslide, a
dialog: pyroclastic flow --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Dollar bills...
text: 98 And he swings -- the ball rockets through the hall and 98
text: clears the open door...
text: The bettors pile from the bar and grill and race to the
text: patio to watch the flight of the ball, as --
text: It's carrying, it's hooking, it's carrying, then:
text: THWACK! -- It hits the piling! The SEAGULL lifts off,
text: SCREECHING angrily.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Stiff, baby, stiff!
dialog: 103.
text: 99 A whoop goes up -- And Simms storms out. 99
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I'm outta here. You're all nuts.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I musta been blind thinking you
dialog: were worth a shit, Simmsy!
dialog: (raucously)
dialog: Drinks on me, boys! Helluva shot,
dialog: Roy!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Actually I thinned it a little or
dialog: that pelican'd be flying around
dialog: with a Titleist up his ass...
text: This is the old Tin Cup -- and he's in the clubhouse with
text: an eightyfuckingthree.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 100 EXT. WINNEBAGO IN PARKING LOT - NIGHT 100
text: Pouring rain -- Lightning and THUNDERSTORMS. It pours
text: down on the club and the beat-up RV.
text: Romeo stands outside with an umbrella, dragging on a
text: cigarette, trying to stay warm.
scene_heading: 101 INT. WINNEBAGO - NIGHT 101
text: Tin Cup and Molly in bed, lit only by light spilling in
text: from a parking lamp. They make love with enthusiasm,
text: finally wobbling to a stop.
text: Silence, except for the rain. Until:
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I kinda shanked it, eh?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: No, no, no... you were great...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Tempo is everything...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Perfection's unobtainable...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Mighta rushed it on the downswing...
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Come over the top a little...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Yeah... well, as Walter Hagen once
dialog: said -- 'Sex and golf are the only
dialog: two things you can be bad at and
dialog: still enjoy...'
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Let's take a mulligan and tee
dialog: it up again --
text: They embrace with enthusiasm and start thrashing again.
scene_heading: 102 BACK OUTSIDE 102
text: Romeo's patience is getting thin. He pounds on the door.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You guys done yet? This is no
dialog: time for a marathon...
text: The rain keeps coming down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 103 EXT. GOLF COURSE - NEXT DAY 103
text: Galleries line fairways and fill stands. The course is
text: wet, the skies threatening, but play is underway.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. TELEVISION TOWER - DAY 104
text: JIM NANTZ in the booth.
speaker_heading: NANTZ
text: The sun is struggling to come out,
text: the course is drying up, and in
dialog: case you're just joining us, the
dialog: leaders have just reached the
dialog: ninth hole because of delayed
dialog: starting times --
dialog: (beat)
text: -- David Simms is clinging to a
text: one shot lead over Peter Jacobsen...
text: but the real story is out on
dialog: sixteen where a driving range pro
dialog: who shot an opening eighty-three
dialog: is making a run at perhaps the
dialog: most legendary round of golf in
dialog: Open history, Johnny Miller's
dialog: sixty-three at Oakmont -- Ben
text: Wright is in the tower at
dialog: 105.
dialog: sixteen...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 105 EXT. SIXTEENTH HOLE - DAY 105
text: We hear Ben Wright's voice as Tin Cup marks his ball on
text: the green. A small gallery has begun to follow him.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT (V.O.)
dialog: If anyone was ever to make a run
dialog: at what is the most storied number
dialog: in Open history, Miller's sixty-
dialog: three, it would be today when the
dialog: rain has softened the greens,
dialog: enabling the players to take dead
text: aim at the flags. Still, the
dialog: unswerving courage of an unknown
dialog: driving range pro from Salome has
dialog: raised that humble journeyman from
text: the ashes of an ignominious
dialog: eighty-three to wave a mighty fist
dialog: at the pantheon of golf's
dialog: immortals. This man, this Roy
text: McAvoy has laid siege to the
dialog: record book by birdieing the first
text: seven holes. A brave par from the
dialog: water at eight, and a glorious
text: birdie three at the daunting
dialog: twelfth, another at thirteen...
text: Tin Cup gets his read, and steps up to putt.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT (V.O.)
dialog: ... this putt to go ten under for
dialog: the day...
text: Tin Cup putts -- When the ball is still two feet from the
text: hole, Tin Cup raises his putter in triumph... and sure
text: enough, the ball drops in the hole.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 106 EXT. GOLF COURSE - HIGH ANGLE - DAY 106
text: Golf fans stream from other fairways to catch up as:
scene_heading: A107 EXT. SEVENTEENTH GREEN A107
text: Tin Cup knocks his approach to within six feet of the
text: cup. The swelling gallery at the green roars.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: 107 INT. DRIVING RANGE (SALOME) - EVENING 107
text: Doreen is behind the till. The regulars and several
text: customers crowd the counter, staring up at the TELEVISION
text: as Dewey rushes in from his job.
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: They said on the radio he was ten
dialog: under --
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Shhhh!!!
text: Silence, everyone watching the TV, everyone starting to
text: contort in body-English, then:
text: A joyous roar -- Tin Cup's putt went down. Earl twirls
text: with glee.
speaker_heading: EARL
text: He's shooting the lowest round
dialog: ever!
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: And eighteen's a par five. A
dialog: birdie there, he shoots sixty!
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: We gotta go, boys. We gotta get
dialog: us on a Continental Trailways and
dialog: find this damn place!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 108 EXT. TELEVISION TOWER - DAY 108
text: The MONITOR shows Tin Cup approaching his ball in the
text: fairway. Ken Venturi is commentating.
speaker_heading: VENTURI
text: McAvoy's hit another big drive,
dialog: but this is not a shot he wants to
dialog: get aggressive with...
scene_heading: 109 EXT. EIGHTEENTH FAIRWAY - DAY 109
text: Tin Cup and Romeo survey the shot -- a long downhill
text: carry over a lake to a slightly elevated green. A shot
text: similar to the one he pulled off at the best-ball.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Two-sixty to carry, Roy. You got
dialog: to lay up, man. I don't care how
dialog: good you swinging. You got to lay
dialog: 107.
dialog: up.
text: Tin Cup looks at the iron Romeo proffers. He looks back
text: at the shot, throws some grass in the air, testing the
text: wind. He looks at the gallery, the lake, the green, the
dialog: whole grand setting... and then:
text: He locates Molly behind the gallery ropes, watching. She
text: makes a little charging gesture with her fist. And:
text: Tin Cup reaches defiantly past Romeo and pulls out the
dialog: three wood.
scene_heading: 110 EXT. TELEVISION TOWER - DAY 110
text: Venturi and Nantz watch Tin Cup set up to play the shot.
speaker_heading: VENTURI
dialog: His adrenalin's gotten the better
dialog: of him, Jim. If he lays up he
text: takes bogey out of play.
speaker_heading: VENTURI (CONT'D)
dialog: But if he knocks this ball in the
dialog: water he could make seven or eight.
dialog: And he still has to think about
dialog: making the cut.
speaker_heading: SUMMERALL
dialog: Well, every golf fan in America is
text: pulling for him.
text: 111 Wearing that look, the look of eagles, Tin Cup addresses 111
text: his ball... And he swings -- The ball arches off his
text: club, the gallery roars, and...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Nope.
text: ... Tin Cup drops the three wood on his bag, even as:
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Carry, honey! Please! Carry!
speaker_heading: LAKE
text: The ball plunks in the water inches short of dry land.
text: The GALLERY GROANS.
scene_heading: BACK UP FAIRWAY
text: Tin Cup smiles at Molly with chagrin but not defeat. He
text: turns to Romeo.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What the hell. You ride 'er till
dialog: she bucks you or you don't ride at
dialog: all. I can save par from here.
text: Tin Cup hits a wedge to within five feet.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Up an' down...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 112 INT. PRESS TENT - EVENING 112
text: Tin Cup is on the dais, fielding questions from
scene_heading: REPORTERS.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: How do you go from shooting an
dialog: eighty-three one day to a record-
dialog: breaking sixty-two the next?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Well, it wasn't from clean
dialog: living...
text: Laughter from the reporters. Reporter #1 follows up.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: If you had to do it again, would
dialog: you still go for the green on
dialog: eighteen?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Yeah. And I'll go for it tomorrow
dialog: and I'll go for it Sunday, cuz I
dialog: didn't come here to play for no
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 113 INT. WINNEBAGO - NIGHT 113
text: Tin Cup, Molly, Romeo all asleep -- In the same bed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 114 EXT. GOLF COURSE - LEADER BOARD - DAY 114
text: showing Simms -8 through twelve, Jacobsen -7 through
text: fourteen and McAvoy -7 through seventeen.
scene_heading: 115 EXT. EIGHTEEN - DAY 115
dialog: 109.
text: A huge gallery lines the fairway and girds the green as
text: Tin Cup approaches his ball in the middle of the fairway.
text: The fans holler "You da man" at Tin Cup.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 116 INT. TELEVISION TOWER - DAY 116
text: Nantz and Venturi in the booth. Tin Cup is on the
text: monitor, arriving at his ball. We hear SHOUTS from the
text: GALLERY, encouraging him to go for the green.
speaker_heading: VENTURI
dialog: It's the same shot he knocked in
dialog: the water yesterday. And the
dialog: thing for him to do right now is
dialog: to tune out the gallery, rein in
dialog: his emotions, and forget what he
dialog: said in yesterday's interview. He
dialog: has to lay up.
scene_heading: 117 EXT. EIGHTEENTH FAIRWAY - DAY 117
text: Romeo palms the seven iron, waiting for Tin Cup to decide
text: on his play.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Gimme the three wood.
text: Romeo picks up some grass and flips it in the air. It
text: blows away from the green.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: There's wind up there.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I know.
scene_heading: 118 INT. TELEVISION TOWER - DAY 118
text: The announcers see Tin Cup taking out the three wood.
speaker_heading: NANTZ
dialog: Well, he hasn't shown an ounce of
dialog: fear all day.
speaker_heading: VENTURI
dialog: This isn't courage, Jim. This is
text: inexperience, pure and simple.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. EIGHTEENTH FAIRWAY - DAY 119
dialog: 110.
text: Tin Cup steps up to his shot.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: This is for Venturi, up there in
dialog: the booth, thinking I should lay
dialog: up...
dialog: (addressing his ball)
dialog: Dollar bills...
text: He swings and holds the pose. He caught the ball
text: perfectly -- it sails high and true into the luffing
text: breeze, the GALLERY ROARS, and...
text: ... the ball drops, SPLOOSH! into the WATER, a couple
text: feet short of dry land. The GALLERY GROANS.`
dialog: BACK TO TIN CUP
text: Staring amazed, almost betrayed, that his ball didn't
dialog: carry the water.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: That's a long fucking ways.
dialog: (holds out his hand)
dialog: Gimme another ball.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Roy...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: It's a water hazard. You go up
dialog: there and take a drop. Try to
dialog: save par like you did yesterday.
text: Tin Cup's eyes blink with thought as Romeo's words get
dialog: through to him.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You're right. What the hell was I
dialog: thinking?
text: And he starts down to the water. A THUNDEROUS OVATION
text: greets his approach, and he raises his hat to salute the
text: fans saluting him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 120 INT. PRESS TENT - AFTERNOON 120
text: Tin Cup snarls at the impudent question of Reporter #3.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I saved par, didn't I?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: I'm just trying to understand your
dialog: thinking. You were in the same
dialog: spot on eighteen yesterday without
dialog: a headwind and you --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You don't think I can knock it on
dialog: from there?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: It seemed like a low-percentage
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: So am I! Look at me. I'm playing
dialog: for...
dialog: (points at his
dialog: sew-on patches)
dialog: ... Rio Grande Short-Haul
dialog: Trucking, Brink and Brown
dialog: Sanitation, First State Bank of
dialog: Salome, Wally's Smokehouse...
dialog: You think a guy like me bothers
dialog: to think about the percentages? --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 121 EXT. WAFFLE HOUSE - NIGHT 121
text: A low-rent roadside cafe specializing in waffles.
scene_heading: 122 INT. WAFFLE HOUSE - NIGHT 122
text: Tin Cup, Molly and Romeo study the menu.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I've got some money from the
dialog: pelican bet -- why don't we go
dialog: somewhere fancy and celebrate --
dialog: get ready for the final round.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Nothing to celebrate yet. Plus
dialog: these are my people. I'm a waffle
dialog: house guy -- gotta stay in touch
dialog: with that...
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Plus he needs his carbohydrates --
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: If the boys from Salome was in
dialog: town -- this is where they'd be...
text: The boys from Salome walk in -- with Doreen, all looking
text: like hell from the long bus trip. They're ecstatic to
dialog: see Tin Cup and Romeo.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: The legend!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: God damn, we been driving for two
dialog: days to help you in the last round --
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: Saw the Winnebago outside -- we're
dialog: starving...
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: Sixty-two! Sixty-two!
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: We're home now!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You boys a sight for sore eyes.
dialog: We so damn sick of guys in blazers
text: and slacks that don't wrinkle. It
dialog: ain't natural 'round here...
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: Congratulations, Roy -- we're with
dialog: you all the way.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Doreen, meet Dr. Griswold... er,
dialog: Molly... my shrink --
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Ex-shrink.
dialog: (matter-of-factly)
dialog: We're sleeping together now so I
dialog: can't be his therapist.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: I knew it.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Knew what?
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: Nothing, dear. Good luck.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Say, I have a little extra cash --
dialog: why don't we go somewhere fancy
dialog: and celebrate -- y'know, kinda get
dialog: 113.
dialog: ready for the final round?
text: But the Regulars overwhelm her.
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: This is the Waffle House, Doreen --
speaker_heading: CURT
dialog: Hell, I been dreaming of waffles
dialog: for 1800 miles...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: They got a waffle house in Odessa
dialog: just about like this...
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: Odessa? It's in Midland, ain't it?...
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: No, it's in Odessa.
text: They all pull up chairs and settle in for a long evening
text: at the Waffle House.
text: Tin Cup leans back in his chair, turns to Molly.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: It just don't get much better than
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: CLINT/EARL
dialog: You the man, Cup, you the man...
text: Romeo leans over to Doreen amidst the chaos and speaks
text: with suave elegance.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You're looking particularly lovely
dialog: this evening... the coif is
dialog: extraordinary.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: Why thank you... Romeo.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 123 INT. WINNEBAGO - NIGHT (LATER) 123
text: All twelve of them are asleep or nearly so in the R.V.,
text: sprawled on and over every surface. Much snoring.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MOLLY
text: Her face close to Tin Cup's. Both awake.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You nervous about tomorrow?
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Yeah, I'm nervous. So's everybody
dialog: else. But I only gotta come and
dialog: catch Simms. Sixty-seven guys
dialog: gotta come and get me...
text: Silence. Except for the random snore.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: It won't always be like this...
dialog: y'know... with me... surrounded by
dialog: all these guys... snoring... a
dialog: stripper ex-girlfriend on the
dialog: floor... my caddie sleeping next to
dialog: her... all of us damn near
dialog: broke... won't always be like
dialog: this...
text: She puts her finger over his mouth gently.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Yes it will... yes it will... and
dialog: it's okay...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A124 EXT. WINNEBAGO - DAWN A124
text: Tin Cup slips out of the trailer -- Romeo follows.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: B124 EXT. RANGE - EARLY AM B124
text: Tin Cup hitting golf balls alone, except for the faith-
text: ful Romeo, getting ready for the final round of the U.S.
dialog: Open.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: C124 INT. WINNEBAGO - MORNING C124
text: Molly serves coffee to the regulars. She's upset.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Which one of you is the bookie?
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: We all are, but Earl's the best.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What are the odds that Roy will win?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Vegas has him at ten to one. They're
dialog: sure he's gonna self-destruct.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Those sound good to me -- I want
dialog: you to place a bet for me. Five
dialog: thousand nine hundred dollars on
dialog: Tin Cup to win.
text: They stare nervously.
speaker_heading: CURT
dialog: That's your nestegg.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: That's a bad idea, honey -- we
dialog: love him, but he's gonna fuck-
dialog: up --
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I said put it all on Roy. Got
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: We can't let you --
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Boys --
text: Silence. Molly's in charge. She hands them a roll of
dialog: cash.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Put it all on Tin Cup.
text: Earl reluctantly takes the money.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 124 EXT. PUTTING GREEN - MORNING 124
text: Tin Cup hits putts, intense, focused. Peter Jacobsen
text: works his way over to Tin Cup.
speaker_heading: JACOBSEN
text: Looking a little tight, Ledge.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Musta got too much sleep last
dialog: night. How you choking?
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: JACOBSEN
dialog: Just got one thought in my head.
dialog: Ten under. That's my number.
text: Tin Cup looks up, amused by the gamesmanship.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: No one's ever been ten under for
dialog: the Open, not even Nicklaus.
speaker_heading: JACOBSEN
dialog: That's right, Ledge. Not even
dialog: Nicklaus.
text: And he moves off to putt. Tin Cup drops a couple balls
dialog: on the green to putt, and:
text: A ball rolls past them and into a hole. Tin Cup looks
text: over and sees Simms.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Sorry, Roy, can't believe I didn't
dialog: see you with all that high-priced
dialog: endorsement crap you're flaunting.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: That's always been your problem,
dialog: Dave. You don't think about
dialog: winning; you just want to look
dialog: good.
dialog: (turns away
dialog: to putt)
dialog: Thing is, this ain't a beauty
dialog: pageant.
dialog: (turns back, getting
dialog: in Simms' face)
dialog: And it ain't a rain-shortened Quad
dialog: Cities or a Greater Greensboro you
dialog: can back into. This is you'n me,
dialog: pal. This is match-play, and this
dialog: time you ain't getting no three
dialog: shots.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 125 EXT. FIRST TEE - HIGH ANGLE - DAY 125
text: A large gallery surrounds the tree and lines the fairway
dialog: as:
speaker_heading: STARTER
dialog: With the honor in the final
dialog: pairing, from Salome, Texas, Mr.
dialog: Roy McAvoy.
text: Boisterous applause. Tin Cup tips his cap and nods at
dialog: 117.
text: David Simms, his pairing in this the final twosome of the
text: final round of the U.S. Open.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Fairways and greens, Dave... and
dialog: don't forget to wave as I blow by.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: You mean blow up? Like you always
dialog: do?
text: And Tin Cup moves to the tee.
text: His hand shakes worse than it did the first day as he
text: tees his ball. Stepping back to line up his shot, he
text: peers down the fairway through a narrow corridor of
text: faces. A daunting sight. He edges over to Romeo and
text: tautly whispers:
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Do me a favor. Bet me a buck I
dialog: don't put it in the fairway.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I bet you a hundred.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Okay, good.
dialog: (going to tee off)
text: Puts things back in perspective.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 126 EXT. FIRST HOLE - MINUTE LATER 126
text: Tin Cup looks at his ball, almost invisible in the deep
text: rough. He tries to locate the green beyond the trees
text: that surround him. In golf parlance, he's in jail. He
text: selects a club.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Which way you going?
text: Tin Cup points over the trees. Romeo grimaces. Tin Cup
text: addresses the shot. Then:
text: Tin Cup swings -- the ball flutters weakly out of the
text: rough and disappears into the branches of a bushy tree,
text: dropping eventually next to its trunk, and:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 127 LEADER BOARD 127
text: A scorer changes the number beside Tin Cup's name from -7
dialog: 118.
text: to -5. Simms is still -7.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 128 EXT. THIRD TEE - DAY 128
text: Tin Cup arrives on the tee where Simms now has the honor.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Nice double, Roy.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Just keep making pars, asshole.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I'll take eighteen of 'em.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: And I will own you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 129 EXT. THIRD GREEN - DAY 129
text: Molly and Doreen stand together behind the big gallery.
text: Molly is using a cardboard periscope to look over the
text: gallery to the green. Doreen is on her tip-toes but all
text: she can see are the backs of heads.
text: A swell of cheers builds, then turns to groans.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Oh no, Tin Cup ran it five feet
dialog: past.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How did he get the name 'Tin Cup'?
speaker_heading: DOREEN (O.S.)
dialog: He played catcher on the high
dialog: school baseball team. The star
dialog: pitcher had this big-league curve,
text: and not all his pitches hit Roy
dialog: in the mitt. Finally, you gotta
dialog: respect a man's doggedness. You
dialog: know?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The team decided Tin Cup sounded
dialog: better than Clank.
text: Molly puts down the periscope at that remark, and hands
dialog: it to Doreen.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: 'Clank''s not a good name for a
dialog: man...
dialog: 119.
text: Doreen looks through the periscope.
scene_heading: PERISCOPE'S POV - TIN CUP
text: lining up a putt. She pans over to Romeo helping him.
speaker_heading: DOREEN (V.O.)
dialog: Tell me something, Molly... have
dialog: you ever had a Latin lover?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 130 EXT. LEADER BOARD 130
dialog: The regulars study the board -- the scruffiest lot ever
text: seen at an Open. Next to them stand a group of U.S.G.A.
text: officials, all in neat, matching blazers. The contrast
text: is thrilling.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Our boy's in trouble... ya think
dialog: he's chokin'?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Our boy don't choke. He fucks up
dialog: but he don't choke...
text: The scorer changes the number beside Tin Cup's name to
dialog: -- -4. Simms is -7, and --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 131 EXT. TV TOWER - DAY 131
text: Wright looks at the monitor where Tin Cup stands among
dialog: some trees.
speaker_heading: BEN WRIGHT
dialog: This is disaster for McAvoy.
dialog: After losing three shots to par in
dialog: the first four holes, he should
dialog: have just taken iron off the tee
dialog: to get the ball in play. Does he
dialog: have any shot at all, Gary McCord?
scene_heading: 132 EXT. FIFTH HOLE - DAY 132
text: Tin Cup's ball lies on dirt next to the trunk of a tree.
text: He surveys his options. Behind him, wearing a headset,
text: McCord analyzes the situation for the TV viewers.
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: McCORD
dialog: This is definite jail. This is
dialog: life without parole. His only
dialog: chance to stage a jail-break is go
text: at the ball left-handed and hope
dialog: he can somehow snake it back into
dialog: the fairway, and save par from
dialog: there.
text: Tin Cup glares balefully back at McCord. Then he walks
text: over to a nearby tree, and surveys the line to the green
text: from it. He walks back for his ball, turns to McCord...
text: and we see that familiar fierceness aflame in Tin Cup's
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Fifty bucks says I knock it on...
text: with a seven iron.
text: And he selects the seven iron, addresses the ball right- handed,
dialog: and:
text: He swings -- the ball rockets low off his club, and...
text: ... it ricochets off the trunk of a nearby tree, and...
text: ... it bounces up the fairway, skitters past a trap, and
text: trickles onto the green, stopping ten feet from the pin.
text: The gallery goes crazy as Tin Cup steps from the woods
text: collecting his money from McCord while jabbing a taunting
text: finger at Simms.
scene_heading: 133 INT. TELEVISION TOWER 133
text: Nantz and Wright stare at the monitors.
speaker_heading: NANTZ
dialog: That took balls...
scene_heading: 134 EXT. GOLF COURSE 134
text: Simms ignores Tin Cup's taunt, and lines up his shot.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: That's just Roy being Roy. Just
dialog: wait him out, Dave. Just make
dialog: pars. Let him make the mistakes.
text: And he hits his iron to the fat part of the green, and --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP (O.S.)
dialog: Beauty, Dave. Par written all
text: over it.
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: 135 EXT. LEADER BOARD 135
text: The scorer posts a -5 next to Tin Cup's name. Simms is
dialog: still at -7, and --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 136 EXT. GOLF COURSE - NINTH GREEN 136
text: Tin Cup intently follows the flight of his iron shot, as:
text: The ball lands near the front of the green, bounces, then
text: rolls, following the contour of the green. It finally
text: stops five feet from the pin.
text: A SWELLING, DEAFENING ROAR from the GALLERY accompanies
text: the unfolding shot, and --
scene_heading: 137 EXT. TENTH TEE 137
text: Jacobsen looks toward the roar at the ninth green.
speaker_heading: JACOBSEN
text: He's making his run.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. LEADER BOARD 138
text: The scorer posts a -6 next to Tin Cup's name. Simms is
text: still at -7.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 139 EXT. TENTH GREEN - DAY 139
text: Molly and Doreen watch Tin Cup drain a putt.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (still watching
dialog: Tin Cup)
dialog: So why'd you leave him?
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: You ever dated a guy who actually
dialog: believes in soul mates?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Actually, no.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: He thinks he's a tough guy, but
dialog: he's a hopeless romantic.
dialog: 122.
text: And as the gallery falls silent, she turns to watch Tin
dialog: Cup.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 140 EXT. ELEVENTH GREEN - DAY 140
text: Tin Cup's firmly-struck putt spins out of the hole. The
text: GALLERY GROANS, sharing his agony, and --
scene_heading: 141 EXT. TWELFTH TEE 141
text: Jacobsen, pausing to watch, sighs with relief before
text: starting down the fairway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 142 EXT. THIRTEENTH HOLE - DAY 142
text: Tin Cup follows the flight of his approach, and up ahead
dialog: on:
scene_heading: 143 EXT. FOURTEENTH TEE - DAY 143
text: Peter Jacobsen hears the GALLERY ROAR. He turns to his
text: caddie, incredulous.
speaker_heading: JACOBSEN
text: He's throwing darts back there.
dialog: We gotta make birdies, Squeaky, or
dialog: we are playing for second.
text: And he snatches his driver from the bag, determined to
dialog: make birdies.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 144 EXT. LEADER BOARD 144
text: The scorer posts -7 next to Tin Cup's name. Simms is
text: still at -7, as is Jacobsen. And...
scene_heading: 145 EXT. FOURTEENTH GREEN - DAY 145
text: Jacobsen rolls a long putt into the hole, and as the
text: GALLERY CHEERS, he points a finger of challenge back at --
text: Tin Cup waiting in the fairway. Tin Cup seems to enjoy
text: the taunt.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: That's right, Peter. You'n me.
dialog: That's all there is.
dialog: 123.
dialog: And he selects a club, and...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 146 INT. DRIVING RANGE (SALOME) - DAY 146
text: Tin Cup's fans, deeply into the beer by now, contort with
text: body-english and holler at the TV screen.
speaker_heading: FANS
dialog: Get in there! Come on! Go down!
text: They explode with cheers. Some twirl with glee. Others
dialog: exchange high fives.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: He's tied for the lead again! And
dialog: they're running outta holes!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 147 EXT. TELEVISION TOWER - DAY 147
text: The leader board is superimposed on the monitor. McAvoy
dialog: -8, Jacobsen -8, Simms -7.
speaker_heading: NANTZ
dialog: So it's come down to the seventy-
dialog: second hole of this great
dialog: championship, and the skill and
dialog: courage of three Texans who have
dialog: dueled throughout the day for the
dialog: chance to be crowned Open
text: Champion... Peter Jacobsen is on
text: the fairway at 8 under, McAvoy at
dialog: the 18th tee is tied at minus 8,
text: and David Simms trails by one...
scene_heading: 148 EXT. EIGHTEENTH TEE 148
text: Tin Cup and Romeo watch Jacobsen hit his shot.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
text: Jacobsen's laying up.
dialog: (turning to Simms)
dialog: You ain't gonna have that luxury,
dialog: Dave. Not if you play to win.
text: He moves to the tee, and...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 124.
scene_heading: 149 EXT. TELEVISION TOWER 149
text: The monitor shows Tin Cup's drive bounding down the
text: middle of the fairway.
speaker_heading: NANTZ
text: McAvoy's hit a perfect drive, Ken.
speaker_heading: VENTURI
dialog: I'm not sure that's good news for
text: McAvoy. With his inexperience,
dialog: the last thing he needs is an
dialog: excuse to fool with that water
dialog: again today.
scene_heading: 150 BACK TO TEE 150
text: Tin Cup whispers to Romeo as Simms tees up.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I didn't catch it all.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Then you got to lay up.
text: Simms rips a drive down the middle, the ball landing
text: a little short of Roy's.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. EIGHTEENTH FAIRWAY - DAY 151
text: Tin Cup in the fairway, studying his shot.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: So birdie wins it.
text: He looks at Simms, ten yards across the fairway from him.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You or me, Dave?
text: Simms points to himself. He has a wood in his hands, but
text: he puts the club back and reaches for an iron. Tin Cup
text: edges closer to Romeo.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: (whispering)
text: He's laying up. Birdie to tie,
dialog: eagle to win, and that gutless
text: wonder's laying up.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Par to tie, birdie to win... you
dialog: lay up too, Roy. You can make
text: birdie laying up.
dialog: 125.
text: They watch Simms lay up. Then Romeo offers Tin Cup an
dialog: iron, hoping he'll take it.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: You know something, Romeo? Eagle
dialog: puts me ten under. No one's ever
dialog: finished an Open ten under, not
dialog: even Nicklaus.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You don't need an eagle. Birdie
dialog: wins, par ties.
dialog: (firmly)
text: Hit the lay up. Hole a wedge for
dialog: goddamn eagle.
text: Tin Cup throws some grass in the air, looks back at the
dialog: green, the gallery, the whole grand setting... and he
text: seeks out Molly's face in the crowd. He moves over so
text: she can hear him.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: This is everything, ain't it?
dialog: This is the choice it comes down
dialog: to. This is our immortality...
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: No time to be thinkin'
dialog: 'immortality,' Cup... time to be
dialog: thinkin' 7 iron.
text: Molly stands with Doreen, hearing Tin Cup's words.
text: Thrilled and terrified and spellbound, she finds herself
text: nodding. Doreen, on the other is turning ash-white.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: Oh no. This is what always
dialog: happens. He's going for it.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Go for it!
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: No! He just needs par to tie!
dialog: Tell him to lay up! He listens to
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Go for it, Roy! Knock it on!
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: This is why we split up -- he
dialog: always went for it...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: My problem is I've never been with
dialog: 126.
dialog: a man who went for it...
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: Well, honey, he's your guy.
dialog: BACK TO TIN CUP
text: He selects the three wood. Romeo sighs.
scene_heading: 152 EXT. TELEVISION TOWER - DAY 152
speaker_heading: NANTZ
dialog: Good Lord, he's going for the
dialog: green.
speaker_heading: VENTURI
dialog: This could be tragic.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. EIGHTEENTH FAIRWAY 153
text: Tin Cup's eyes focus with the look of eagles as he
text: addresses the shot.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: One swing, Roy. One good swing.
dialog: Dollar bills...
text: He swings -- the ball explodes off his club. Tin Cup
text: holds the pose...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: We're home...
text: Suddenly a gust of wind blows, out of nowhere, and Tin
text: Cup's cap blows off, provoking immediate concern.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: ... little gust there, Romes...
scene_heading: 154 TELEVISION MONITOR 154
text: Picking up the flight of the ball approaching the green,
text: carried it seems by the swelling roar of the gallery.
text: The ball clears the water...
text: ... and lands at the top of the slope fronting the
text: elevated green. It pops up in the air, lands just past
text: where it hit, and comes momentarily to rest. The gallery
text: roars. And then:
text: The ball starts trickling back down the slope, gaining
text: speed, moving towards the water, even as the gallery
text: screams for it to stop...
dialog: 127.
text: ... until finally it disappears into the water with
text: scarcely a ripple.
scene_heading: 155 BACK TO TIN CUP 155
text: He stares first with betrayal, then with anger, and
text: looks at Romeo, who just shrugs, then at Molly.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You can still make par from up
dialog: there --
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: She's right, Pods, a drop and a
dialog: stroke, up and down par -- we'll
dialog: win it in sudden death.
text: But Tin Cup still has the look of eagles. He's staring
text: at the shot he just made, still holding the three wood.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I nutted that thing. Little gust
dialog: from the gods cost me...
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Helluva move you put on that
dialog: sucker, now let's get up there,
dialog: take the drop, and make our par,
dialog: tie Peter...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I can make this shot.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Not now.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Now.
text: Tin Cup throws another ball on the ground.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I'm playing it from here.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Take your drop and make your par!
text: Tin Cup addresses the ball.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 156 EXT. TELEVISION TOWER 156
text: Venturi nearly comes out of seat watching Tin Cup take a
dialog: 128.
dialog: drop from his original lie.
speaker_heading: VENTURI
dialog: I don't believe this. He just
dialog: took himself out of the tournament
dialog: with that drop. He could have
text: walked up to the hazard line,
dialog: saved par with a wedge and forced
text: a playoff with Jacobsen. Now he
dialog: needs a miracle shot.
speaker_heading: McCORD (V.O.)
dialog: Ken, I'm right behind McAvoy here.
dialog: And all he said to his caddie was:
dialog: I can make it across.
scene_heading: 157 EXT. EIGHTEENTH FAIRWAY - DAY 157
text: Tin Cup swings again -- The ball sails long and true once
dialog: again, and once again...
text: 158 ... it lands into the hill, bounces once, and trickles 158
text: back into the water.
speaker_heading: VENTURI (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, my. This is tragic.
scene_heading: 159 BACK TO TIN CUP 159
text: Holding his hand out to Romeo, as the gallery murmurs
dialog: uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Gimme another ball.
text: BACK TO DOREEN AND MOLLY
text: watching behind the ropes.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I can't believe he's doing this.
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: (unfazed)
dialog: I can, honey...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: He can blow the whole tournament!
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: It's a miracle he lasted this
dialog: long...
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 160 REGULARS 160
text: waiting at the green, amidst the rest of the gallery
text: who's in shock about Tin Cup's decisions to keep going
dialog: for it, keep trying to prove a point.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: He done blew a gasket, boys...
speaker_heading: EARL
text: The wheels is definitely falling
dialog: off now...
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: It was a miracle while it
dialog: lasted...
speaker_heading: REGULARS' POV
text: Tin Cup swings a third time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 161 EXT. EIGHTEENTH GREEN - DAY 161
text: A BALL lands SPLOOSH! in the WATER, and...
scene_heading: 162 BACK UP FAIRWAY 162
text: Tin Cup holds out his hand for yet another ball, saying
dialog: nothing.
text: Romeo hands him another ball.
text: Tin Cup unloads another 3-wood. Another splash.
text: Tin Cup holds out his hand again.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: This is your last ball, man. If
dialog: this gets wet, you disqualified.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I can make it across.
text: Tin Cup snatches the ball from Romeo's hand.
scene_heading: 163 EXT. TELEVISION TOWER 163
text: Venturi and Nantz can barely look at the monitor.
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: VENTURI
dialog: This is the most painful thing
dialog: I've ever watched.
speaker_heading: McCORD (V.O.)
dialog: Jim, this is the last ball he has
text: in his bag. If he doesn't finish
dialog: the hole with it, he can't turn in
dialog: a card. He'll be disqualified.
text: Venturi and Nantz cover their eyes.
text: Tin Cup unloads another three wood -- another splash.
scene_heading: 164 BACK TO TIN CUP 164
text: He looks at Molly.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MOLLY
text: She's just laughing.
text: Romeo tosses down another ball -- Tin Cup launches
text: his fifth attempt to clear the pond. Splash.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You're right, Roy, what the hell!
dialog: Let 'er rip!
speaker_heading: DOREEN
dialog: You two are made for each other.
dialog: BACK TO TIN CUP
text: This is still all business to him. He sets his jaw,
dialog: addresses the shot, and:
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Dollar bills...
text: He swings -- another perfect shot... but this time the
text: wind relents a knot, and:
speaker_heading: 165 BALL 165
text: clears the water, clears the slope, hits the front of the
text: green, rolls up toward the pin, and drops in the hole.
dialog: The gallery goes berserk!
scene_heading: 166 BACK TO TIN CUP 166
text: Raising his three wood aloft in triumph, he looks over at
text: Molly and finally cracks a smile.
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: 166 CONTINUED: 166
text: And when she smiles back, he takes his hat off and walks
dialog: to the green, to as great an ovation as the game has ever
dialog: heard.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 167 BACK IN TELEVISION TOWER 167
text: Venturi and Nantz slump, drained, over their monitors.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 168 INT. SCORER'S TENT - DAY 168
text: Tin Cup and Simms sign their cards and get up to leave in
text: unison. Simms turns to Tin Cup and has to shake his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: I gotta hand it to you, Roy. When
dialog: you go down, you go down in
text: flames.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Someday you can tell your
dialog: grandchildren you finished second
dialog: in the U.S. Open...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: -- just don't tell 'em how.
text: And he moves brusquely past Simms and out of the tent,
text: congratulating Tubbs, the winner, as he passes.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Good job, Tubbsy... you won it.
text: And out of the scorer's tent...
scene_heading: 169 EXT. SCORER'S TENT 169
text: A roar goes up from the milling fans as Tin Cup emerges.
text: He tries to smile, but it's all dawning on him.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: My God... I just gave away the
dialog: Open...
text: And then McCord is there, shoving a mike in Tin Cup's
dialog: face.
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: McCORD
dialog: Ledge, I know it's tough to talk
dialog: right now, but --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: It's not difficult to talk... it's
dialog: difficult to explain... I coulda
dialog: laid up and still won. I made a
text: twelve on the last hole of the U.S.
dialog: Open. You know how much money
dialog: that cost me?
speaker_heading: McCORD
dialog: Cost you a bundle...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: I gotta get outta here.
speaker_heading: McCORD
dialog: It was the greatest 12 I ever saw.
dialog: Back to you, Jim...
text: Tin Cup exits the scorers' tent and runs into the
text: regulars -- They're beaming, undyingly loyal.
speaker_heading: CLINT AND EARL
dialog: Greatest 12 I ever saw... you
dialog: crunched that dog, baby...
dialog: gorgeous shot, etc...
text: He looks up and there's Molly -- He stops short. They
dialog: embrace.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Molly, I'm an idiot. I gave away
dialog: the Open. The one time in my life
dialog: I know the play is to hit the lay
dialog: up -- my whole life and future
dialog: and career on the line, and I
dialog: still can't make myself do it. I
dialog: am a twisted human being and a
dialog: cautionary tale. And I guess I'm
dialog: a fool?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Yes. A magnificent fool...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A170 EXT. DRIVING RANGE (SALOME) - NIGHT A170
text: Mosquitoes, pools of light, the TRACTOR CHUGS around
text: picking up balls.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 133.
scene_heading: B170 INT. DRIVING RANGE CAFE - NIGHT B170
text: Romeo and Doreen eye each other -- locked in a stare
text: of longing and mystery. TANGO MUSIC comes from a
text: BOOM BOX. They begin to move toward each other
text: in a tango step.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 170 EXT. DRIVING RANGE - NIGHT 170
text: Tin Cup and Molly are sitting, feet up, a couple Lone
text: Star beers beside them, just taking in the warm Texas
text: night. Her head rests on his shoulder. The world at
dialog: peace.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Some people don't like West Texas
dialog: but I think it's the most
dialog: beautiful place on earth...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: It has its charms...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Y'know, by finishing in the top 15
dialog: at the Open you qualified to be in
dialog: it next year --
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Damn, I didn't know that...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I'm thinking with your game you
dialog: should go back to the Qualifying
dialog: School, try to get out on tour...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Then I wouldn't see you...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Actually, I picked up a whole
text: bunch of new clients at the Open.
dialog: Lotta guys on the tour said if I
dialog: could do that much for you,
dialog: imagine what I could do for
dialog: them...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: There's a lotta head cases out
dialog: there, you could make a bundle...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: And sleep in the Winnebago at
dialog: night...
dialog: 134.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: Y'know... a man goes through what
dialog: I've gone through, he's supposed
dialog: to learn something.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm trying to figure out what I
dialog: learned. Did I learn anything?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You're learning some discipline and
dialog: self-control...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: And that there's a time in life to
dialog: play it safe...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: That's great, Roy... and I'm learning
dialog: how to listen to the tuning fork,
dialog: throw caution to the wind, and take
dialog: crazy risks I never thought were
dialog: possible...
speaker_heading: TIN CUP
dialog: C'mon, Molly, when did you ever take
dialog: a crazy risk?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I fell for you...
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT - LANDSCAPE
text: A desolate driving range outside of Salome, Texas. Bugs,
text: trucks passing in the night, and a tiny RADIO SENDING
text: GEORGE JONES across the plains.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
