text: 
speaker_heading: TINKER TAILOR SOLDIER SPY
dialog: Written by
dialog: Bridget O'Connor &amp; Peter Straughan
scene_heading: 1 EXT. HUNGARY - BUDAPEST - 1973 - DAY 1
text: Budapest skyline, looking towards the Parliament building.
text: From here the world looks serene, peaceful. Then, as we
text: begin to PULL BACK, we hear a faint whine, increasing in
text: volume, until it's the roar of two MiG jet fighters,
text: cutting across the skyline. The PULL BACK reveals a YOUNG
text: BOY watching the jets, exclaiming excitedly in Hungarian.
scene_heading: 2 EXT. BUDAPEST STREET - DAY 2
text: LATERALLY TRACKING down a bustling street, as the jets
text: scream by overhead. Pedestrians look up. All except one man
text: who continues walking. This is JIM PRIDEAUX.
text: ACROSS THE STREET: More pedestrians. We're not sure who
text: we're supposed to be looking at - the short stocky man? The
dialog: girl in the mini skirt? The man in the checked jacket?
text: A car driving beside Prideaux accelerates out of the frame.
text: Across the street the girl in the mini-skirt peels off into
text: a shop. The stocky man turns and waves to us. But it isn't
text: Prideaux he's greeting but another passerby, who walks
text: over, shakes hands.
dialog: Now we're left with Prideaux and the Magyar in the checked
text: shirt, neither paying any attention to each other.
dialog: Just as we are wondering if there is any connection, the
text: two reach a corner and the Magyar, pausing to cross the
text: road, collides with another passerby. He looks over and
text: sees Prideaux has caught the moment of slight clumsiness
text: and gives the smallest of rueful smiles. A tiny moment of
text: contact between the two. Then both men walk on around the
text: corner, just two strangers headed in the same direction...
scene_heading: 3 EXT. SUBWAY EXIT - DAY 3
text: Shooting up the steps of the exit to the imposing GALERIA
text: building on the corner ahead. Prideaux and the Magyar walk
text: up the steps, still paying no attention to each other, and
dialog: head towards...
scene_heading: 4 INT. BUDAPEST - GALERIA - DAY 4
text: A formerly grand arcade. Many of the shops are now closed,
text: the one's that are open don't have much to sell. A CAFE
text: occupies the middle space under the high vaulted ceiling. A
text: JAZZ ROCK band rehearses in one of the nearby disused
text: shops, incongruous in the window, music muffled by the
text: glass. Customers sit around tables playing chess, drinking
text: coffee, a mother breast-feeding, the hum of chatter. The
dialog: ordinary world.
dialog: 2.
text: We find Prideaux and the Magyar sitting at one of the
dialog: tables.
speaker_heading: MAGYAR
dialog: (Hungarian, subtitled)
dialog: And porkolts. You know porkolts?
speaker_heading: JIM PRIDEAUX
dialog: (Hungarian, subtitled)
dialog: Yes, I've had it.
speaker_heading: MAGYAR
dialog: It's very good. Better than
dialog: goulash. But you won't get it in
dialog: Budapest now.
speaker_heading: JIM PRIDEAUX
dialog: Why's that?
speaker_heading: MAGYAR
dialog: All the pigs have gone to Moscow.
text: He gives a sly laugh. Prideaux smiles, draws on his
text: cigarette, nonchalantly examining the people at the tables
text: around them. A WAITER arrives, belly bulging out of his
text: grubby shirt, hair plastered to his head. He puts two
text: wizened-looking sandwiches in front of them.
text: PRIDEAUX'S P.O.V. - A DROP OF SWEAT trickles from the
text: Waiter's face, drips onto the table top.
text: The Magyar catches Jim looking at the droplet and gives a
text: wry smile - "nice service." Jim smiles back but a bell has
text: begun to ring inside him.
speaker_heading: JIM PRIDEAUX
dialog: When do I get to meet your
dialog: friend?
text: The Magyar chews on his sandwich, notices Prideaux is
text: ignoring his.
speaker_heading: MAGYAR
dialog: I'll take you to him. Not eating?
text: Prideaux pushes his sandwich across the table, his manner
text: still easy, but his eyes flick after the Waiter, who stands
text: at the entrance to the coffee shop, arguing with another
text: man. He looks around the Galeria again, looking low -
dialog: checking the feet of the other customers? Then raising his
text: gaze, he checks the windows of the apartments above which
text: look down into the arcade.
text: PRIDEAUX'S P.O.V. - An OLD WOMAN stands in the shadows by a
text: window above. She is watching him. Catching his gaze she
text: shrinks back into the darkness and disappears.
dialog: 3.
text: Prideaux's expression doesn't change but he sets his coffee
text: cup down and casually stands. The Magyar looks up in
text: surprise.
speaker_heading: JIM PRIDEAUX
dialog: Would you excuse me a moment?
text: He starts to walk towards the exit of the Galeria. Behind
text: him his chair teeters for a moment, then slowly falls back
text: and lands with a CRASH, sending pigeons fluttering up to
text: the domed ceiling.
text: The WAITER starts, turns, sees Prideaux leaving. Panic
text: flashes across his face, he draws a GUN from the back of
text: his belt, aims after Prideaux and FIRES - the shot echoing
text: in the cavernous space.
text: The shot misses, RICOCHETING off the tiled wall and
text: Prideaux keeps walking, fighting down the impulse to run,
text: as behind him, out of focus - an image from a surreal
text: NIGHTMARE: the other CUSTOMERS stop what they are doing,
text: like actors at the end of a scene, and begin to rise, some
text: drawing guns. We hear a muffled voice shouting distantly in
dialog: Russian.
speaker_heading: KGB MAN
dialog: No firing!
text: Ahead of Prideaux more figures appear, blocking the exit.
text: He looks over his shoulder just as another SHOT rings out -
text: this one catching him above the shoulder blade and sending
text: him flying out of frame.
text: From around a corner a tall, over-coated man - KGB -
text: strides towards the scene, still bellowing in Russian.
speaker_heading: KGB MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Who told you to fire? Who told
dialog: you to fucking fire?
text: THE JAZZ BAND have stopped playing and are staring at the
text: ground, arms at their sides, anxious not to see anything.
text: In the TOP WINDOW - the OLD WOMAN slips back into sight.
text: HER P.O.V. - Prideaux lies face down in the arcade below.
text: As we watch one of his arms slides out, leaving a slick of
text: blood. Then he's still.
text: BELOW - The KGB Man has grabbed the Waiter and started to
dialog: beat him.
speaker_heading: KGB MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Fucking Hungarian amateur! We
dialog: wanted him alive!
dialog: 4.
text: Behind him we can see the breast-feeding MOTHER. She's
text: dead, a bullet hole in the centre of her forehead from the
text: ricochet. The baby continues to suckle on, undisturbed.
text: Through the cafe window we can see a MAN, partly obscured
text: by the crowd in front of us, the only man still seated. He
text: lights a cigarette.
text: CLOSE ON THE LIGHTER as he replaces it. We can make out an
text: inscription: "To George, from Ann. All my love."
text: In the Galeria the KGB Man continues to bellow at the
text: Waiter. The baby begins to WAIL.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 4A EXT. HQ OF BRITISH INTELLIGENCE - "THE CIRCUS" - DAY 4A
text: A bird's eye view of the Circus.
scene_heading: 4B INT. CIRCUS - FIFTH FLOOR - - "MOTHERS" OFFICE - DAY 4B
text: A woman, CONNIE SACHS, a face that's seen it all, leans
text: against a wall, smoking. A middle-aged woman, one of the
text: secretaries or "MOTHERS" walks past, pushing a trolley of
text: documents. She nods at Connie mournfully. Connie looks
text: stricken. The Mother walks on into...
scene_heading: 5 INT. CIRCUS - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 5
text: A long conference table. We are looking at an ELDERLY MAN
text: at the head of the table. He's sitting on a rather ornate
text: carving chair - a little like a throne - and he looks ill.
text: He is signing documents, his signature a simple "C,"
text: scrawled in GREEN INK, aware all eyes are on him. A
text: cigarette burns away in an already loaded ashtray.
text: This is the head of the Circus - known as CONTROL.
text: Around him are four lieutenants - the inner circle of the
text: intelligence service - PERCY ALLELINE, TOBY ESTERHASE, ROY
text: BLAND and BILL HAYDON.
text: Beside him, his right-hand man - GEORGE SMILEY.
dialog: From the thick and embarrassed atmosphere we might guess we
dialog: are at the end of a coup, the final ousting of a King. All
text: we hear is the ticking of a loud clock and the scratch of
text: the pen.
text: Smiley looks up to find Alleline's gaze fixed on him.
text: Alleline quickly looks down at his hands.
dialog: 5.
text: CLOSE ON SMILEY - as he examines the others, gauging the
text: SHIFT OF POWER occurring in the room.
text: - Bill Haydon - handsome, urbane, frowning with tension,
text: pulls on his cigarette.
text: - Roy Bland - heavy set and moustached, flicking a guilty
text: look up at Smiley and away.
text: - Toby Esterhase - immaculate hair and suit, eyes on
text: Alleline, watching for a cue, like a dog told to `stay'.
text: No-one will look at him.
text: ON SMILEY - realising there is no hope.
text: Control finishes, puts the pen back in his pocket. He hands
text: the file to the MOTHER who, red-eyed, walks with it out of
text: the room.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: (Scottish accent)
dialog: I wish I could have done more,
dialog: Control.
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: (Coolly)
dialog: You did all you could, Percy.
dialog: (Beat) Well, a man should know
dialog: when to leave the party.
text: Beat. The clock suddenly gives a discordant chime as it
text: sounds the hour. A hint of bitter amusement on Control's
text: face, as though he's been waiting for this wrong little
text: note to make his move. He grinds his cigarette out.
dialog: Toby can't wait any longer.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: What about Smiley?
text: Control looks at Smiley. His gaze impersonal...
text: ON SMILEY - the faintest flicker in his eyes as he tries to
text: prepare himself for the shock of dismissal.
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: Smiley is leaving with me.
speaker_heading: 6 OMITTED 6
scene_heading: 7 INT. CIRCUS - FIFTH FLOOR - DAY 7
text: PUSHING Control and Smiley as they walk down the corridor.
dialog: 6.
text: Alleline and the Lieutenants are waiting for them. A
text: horribly awkward moment. Toby pulls open the cage lift
text: doors for them, as if to hasten the eviction. Haydon looks
text: at him with contempt.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: You little prick Esterhase.
text: Control sweeps past them and the lift, determined to walk
text: every step of the way. Smiley follows.
scene_heading: 8 INT. CIRCUS - STAIRCASE - DAY 8
text: Control and Smiley, begin their descent through the rigid
text: hierarchy of the Circus. As we TRACK with them, we see that
text: each floor is its own WORLD. The two men walk past the
text: fourth floor REGISTRY - the vast archive of intelligence,
text: staffed by RESEARCHERS.
text: Smiley and Control pass down another flight and along the
text: third floor - INTELLIGENCE OFFICERS - heads poking out of
text: offices, amongst them JERRY WESTERBY.
text: Down to the second floor - SCALPHUNTERS - the muscle of the
text: Circus. The boredom of an air-port lounge, a sunken sofa
text: and pool-table. The Scalphunters watching them go in
text: respectful silence.
text: On down to the first floor TYPING POOL - staffed by pretty
text: young society girls - the DEBS - who watch open-mouthed, as
text: their Chief passes them for the last time. And finally
dialog: down to...
scene_heading: 9 INT. CIRCUS - GROUND-FLOOR LOBBY - DAY 9
text: An ancient doorman - BRYANT - feeling the moment must be
text: marked in some way - leaves his sentry box and opens the
text: main door for Control. Control acknowledges the salute with
text: a flick of his eyes and we push through the doors...
scene_heading: 10 EXT. CIRCUS - ROOF OF THE CIRCUS - DAY 10
text: Alleline and Bland stand smoking, watching Control and
text: Smiley emerge onto the pavement.
scene_heading: 11 EXT. CIRCUS - DAY 11
text: CONTROL and SMILEY stand on the street. They stare at each
text: other for a moment. This is goodbye. They shake hands.
text: Perhaps there's a little reserve in Control's manner, a
text: lack of warmth. From the expression on Smiley's face we see
text: that he is pained by this.
dialog: 7.
text: Control puts his collar up and walks away. Smiley stands
text: forlornly as Control disappears into the crowd.
text: TITLES OVER A MONTAGE
scene_heading: 12 EXT. HAMPSTEAD POND - AUTUMN DAY 12
text: THE WATER OF THE POND - still, glassy.
text: A MAN'S head breaks the surface - Smiley swimming through
dialog: his retirement.
text: He takes a breath and submerges again. Beyond him we see a
text: straggled diagonal line of elderly heads, bobbing through
text: the water.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. HAMPSTEAD POND - DAY 13
text: Smiley dries himself under the trees, pink and raw in the
text: cold fresh air. He smooths his hair down, feeling a little
text: less ridiculous. He looks over to where a VERY ELDERLY
text: SWIMMER is being helped into the water - little more than
text: trembling bones.
dialog: Is this his world now?
scene_heading: 14 INT. CIRCUS - FIFTH FLOOR - DAY 14
text: A MOTHER unloads a stack of files from a LIFT shaft and
text: places them into her wheeled safe. A piece of CHRISTMAS
text: TINSEL is wound along the trolley. We track with her
text: through the HIVE-LIKE atmosphere of the fifth floor, behind
text: her the conference room - a glimpse of Alleline in
text: Control's chair, surrounded by his lieutenants - smoke and
dialog: whiskey - engaged in the business of the world.
text: She pushes on into Alleline's OFFICE - loads the new files
text: into the LARGE SAFE there, locks and spins the combination.
scene_heading: 15 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - WINTER DAY 15
text: Smiley stands frying an egg in his small kitchen.
scene_heading: 16 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - DAY 16
text: Smiley sits eating his solitary lunch, reading a volume of
text: Grimmelshausen. He turns a page, examines the illustration
text: of a knight and a dragon - holds it at arms length, trying
dialog: to focus on it.
dialog: 8.
scene_heading: 16A INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT 16A
text: Smiley lies in the double bed, a conspicuous empty space next
text: to him. He leans over and turns the light out.
scene_heading: 17 INT. CIRCUS - FIFTH FLOOR - ALLELINE'S OFFICE - NIGHT 17
text: A HAND removes files from the LARGE SAFE.
text: ON A BRIEFCASE - as the files - marked TOP SECRET - are
text: slipped inside.
scene_heading: 18 INT. CIRCUS - FIFTH FLOOR - EVENING 18
speaker_heading: P.O.V. MYSTERY MAN
text: ... TRACKING through the near-empty offices. All the
text: drawers of the desks are OPEN. BINS on the tables. A few
text: mothers working late, illuminated by their desk lamps. One
text: of them is applying lipstick, prior to leaving. She doesn't
text: react as we track by.
scene_heading: 19 EXT. OPTICIANS - SPRING DAY 19
text: We are looking at large blurred LETTERS. A lens is slotted
text: into our frame and the letters leap into BOLD.
text: Smiley is in a chair, being fitted for spectacles.
scene_heading: 20 INT. OPTICIANS - DAY 20
text: Smiley is selecting frames from a display. He tries on a
text: pair, watched by a bored shop assistant, used to the
dialog: pedantic ways of the retired.
scene_heading: 21 INT. CIRCUS - GROUND-FLOOR LOBBY - EVENING 21
text: TRACKING with the BRIEFCASE as the mystery man walks
text: towards the main entrance. The ELDERLY PORTER- BRYANT -
text: nods respectfully.
scene_heading: 22 INT. LONDON UNDERGROUND - EVENING 22
text: A packed train - Businessmen in bowler hats, long-haired
text: seventies youth - the old and the new bumping underneath
text: the city. We track low level until we find our MYSTERY MAN,
text: the BRIEFCASE clutched in his hand.
dialog: 9.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. SAFE HOUSE - EVENING 23
text: Tracking with the BRIEFCASE as it is carried towards the
dialog: house...
scene_heading: 24 INT. SAFE HOUSE - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT 24
text: An elderly lady - MRS McCRAIG - stands at the sink. Through
text: the window she catches a glimpse of the Mystery Man's legs
text: passing, the briefcase in his hand as he walks up the steps
text: towards the front door. Calmly she dries her hands as the
text: doorbell rings and her DOG begins to bark furiously.
scene_heading: 25 INT. SAFE HOUSE - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT 25
text: Mrs McCraig opens the door and the figure passes her and
text: the barking dog without a word and begins to walk up the
dialog: stairs...
scene_heading: 26 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - DRAWING ROOM - DAY 26
text: Smiley adds a LETTER to a pile on the mantelpiece. We see
text: the letters are all addressed to ANN SMILEY.
text: He straightens up, finds himself staring at a PAINTING on
text: the wall - a muddy abstract.
scene_heading: 27 INT. SAFE HOUSE - MEETING ROOM - NIGHT 27
text: The room is almost bare - two chairs at a small table on
text: which stands two desk lamps and a CAMERA. The Mystery Man
text: has crossed to the wall by the window and opens the GRILL
text: on an AIR DUCT.
scene_heading: 28 EXT. SAFE HOUSE - NIGHT 28
text: From across the street a tall good-looking man - POLYAKOV -
text: watches as the opened duct spills a star pattern of light
text: out into the night air. He walks towards the house...
scene_heading: 29 INT. SAFE HOUSE - MEETING ROOM - NIGHT 29
text: The Mystery man settles at the table, sorting through the
text: contents of the briefcase as, from down below, we hear the
text: sound of the door bell, the dog barking and footsteps on
text: the stairs. Polyakov walks into the room and joins the
text: Mystery Man at the small table. He picks up the camera with
text: a smile.
speaker_heading: POLYAKOV
dialog: (In Russian)
dialog: Shall we begin?
dialog: 10.
text: END OF TITLES
scene_heading: 30 EXT. LACON'S HOUSE - EARLY MORNING 30
text: Lights glowing in the early morning gloom, an ultra-modern
text: cube of a building sits in rather traditional grounds. This
dialog: is the unlikely home of Oliver Lacon, Permanent under-
dialog: secretary.
scene_heading: 30A INT./EXT. LACON'S HOUSE - MORNING 30A
text: As we watch a young girl - JACKIE LACON - appears at the
text: living room window in her night-dress, playing with a toy. As
text: we watch her we hear stealthy footsteps approach. Then a MAN
text: steps into frame, his back to us, watching the girl through
text: the window. He taps on the glass with one hand. Jackie looks
text: up, surprised.
text: As we pull back a little we see the man has his other hand
text: behind his back.
text: And in it is a long, bone-handled KNIFE.
text: Behind Jackie we see a string bean of a man, OLIVER LACON,
text: tying his silk dressing gown as he cautiously approaches the
text: window. On the other side, the intruder stands, smoking.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: (through glass)
dialog: This is private property. Who are
dialog: you?
text: He takes in the man before him - filthy and bearded, you
text: could mistake him for a tramp. But beneath the grime he's
text: tanned and his eyes have a dangerous, feral edge. This is
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: Minister Lacon.
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: I want to talk to Control. And I
dialog: want breakfast.
speaker_heading: 30B OMITTED 30B
speaker_heading: 30C OMITTED 30C
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: 30D OMITTED 30D
speaker_heading: 31 OMITTED 31
dialog: 32 OMITTED 32
scene_heading: 33 INT. CIRCUS - SCALPHUNTERS - DAY 33
text: PETER GUILLAM walks down a corridor. Handsome, boyish,
text: bored. He hears a TRING behind him. It's Haydon, one foot
text: up on his pedal, scootering along the corridor. Guillam
text: waits for him. He likes this man.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: (of the bike)
dialog: Has that been cleared?
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: I'm not bloody chaining it
dialog: outside. Mind you, probably no
dialog: safer in here, with you bunch of
dialog: cut-throats.
text: They arrive at a half-paned office cubicle. Inside is a
text: very pretty GIRL, a new DEB, being shown the ropes by an
text: older woman.
speaker_heading: HAYDON
dialog: Thought I'd get a glimpse of the
dialog: new girl. Before Bland gets to
dialog: her. He seen her yet?
speaker_heading: GUILLAM
dialog: Oh yes. Down first thing.
speaker_heading: GIRL'S P.O.V. -
text: ... as Haydon and Guillam pass, staring in at her, cropped
text: above the waist. Haydon appears to be gliding
text: supernaturally by. He gives a little wave.
text: BACK ON HAYDON:
speaker_heading: HAYDON
dialog: You may fuck me, Belinda, but you
dialog: still have to call me sir in the
dialog: morning.
text: Guillam grins. Haydon glides off, hand raised in farewell
text: as Guillam turns into the Scalphunters arena.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: 34 INT. CIRCUS - SCALPHUNTERS - GUILLAM'S OFFICE - DAY 34
text: Guillam sits at his desk over a pile of paper-work, slowly
text: falling asleep.
text: BANG! A pool ball thwacks the window, cracking it. At the
text: same moment the PHONE begins to ring. Guillam jerks
text: upright, looks over at the pool players, too bored to be
dialog: angry.
speaker_heading: POOL PLAYER (O.S.)
dialog: Sorry Peter.
text: Guillam answers the phone.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Peter Guillam...
text: He listens to the voice on the other end. After a moment he
text: turns away from his colleagues, his former drowsiness
text: abruptly gone.
scene_heading: 35 EXT. LONDON STREET - EVENING 35
text: Smiley in his NEW GLASSES, towel rolled under his arm,
text: walking down the street. He stops for a moment, feeling
dialog: himself watched.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - EVENING 36
text: Smiley on the steps to his home, stops, examines the door,
text: removing a WEDGE from the top of the door frame.
scene_heading: 37 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - EVENING 37
text: Smiley walks into the hallway, stopping to pick up post.
scene_heading: 38 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - EVENING 38
text: Smiley places the wedge and the letters on the mantelpiece,
text: where a BUNDLE of LETTERS already sits, addressed to ANN
text: SMILEY. Unopened.
scene_heading: 38A INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - EVENING 38A
dialog: Smiley frying an egg.
text: There's a knock at the door.
scene_heading: 38B INT./EXT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - EVENING 38B
text: Smiley opens the door to PETER GUILLAM.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Surprised)
dialog: Hello, Peter.
text: They stare at each other. Smiley takes in his expression -
dialog: this is not a social call.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Have I time to change?
text: Guillam nods, following Smiley into the house. He glances at
text: a painting on the wall - a muddy ABSTRACT. He crosses to
text: examine it and then notices the bundle of Ann's unopened
dialog: letters.
scene_heading: 39 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - EVENING 39
text: Guillam enters the kitchen, notes the single place set for
text: dinner. It dawns on him that he really has invaded Smiley's
dialog: privacy.
text: Smiley appears in a coat behind him, taking in Guillam's
text: awkwardness. He gives a thin smile.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Are we going far?
scene_heading: 39A INT. GUILLAM'S CAR - EVENING 39A
text: Smiley and Guillam sit in silence, as Guillam drives through
text: London. It's a Citroen DS, all sleek leather and mahogany
text: interior.
speaker_heading: 40 OMITTED 40
scene_heading: 40A INT. LACON'S HOUSE - EVENING 40A
text: CLOSE UP ON:
text: A half eaten bacon SANDWICH, sitting on a table.
text: We pan up and through the open window see an anxious Lacon is
text: leading Guillam towards the house. Smiley follows, talking to
dialog: Lacon's daughter.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: How's your mother?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Very well.
dialog: (referring to the window)
dialog: Is this where he got out?
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: Mmm, I came back in and it was wide
text: open.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do send her my love. Apologies for
dialog: singling you out, but... very
dialog: sensitive matter...
text: He gives an uncomfortable bark of laughter.
speaker_heading: LACON (CONT'D)
dialog: If one can't trust one's own
dialog: nephew... You know who he was?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Ricki Tarr, sir. One of my scalp-
dialog: hunters. He's been on the wanted
dialog: list for a year. Last job was
dialog: Istanbul, bit of coat-trailing for
dialog: a Russian convention.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: Why is he on the wanted list?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He killed our man in Istanbul. Cut
dialog: his throat. Been on the run since
dialog: then.
text: If possible, Lacon looks even more shaken.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: My God. In my own home... my
dialog: family... The bloody animals you
dialog: people employ!
scene_heading: 41 INT. LACON'S HOUSE - NIGHT 41
text: PULLING OLIVER LACON as he leads Smiley and Guillam down
text: the hall, gesturing for his WIFE to take Jackie away. He
text: attempts some social niceties, but his tone is strained.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: And how are you George? Missing
dialog: one's work, one's buddies?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Oh, I think I manage pretty well,
dialog: thank you.
text: They reach a large room, minimalist apart from a grand piano
text: framed by vast glass windows. A tall, well built young man -
text: FAWN - stands on guard. Lacon gestures to him and Fawn opens
text: the french windows and he and Guillam walk out onto the
text: terrace beyond.
dialog: 15.
text: Behind them, unnoticed, young JACKIE creeps back into the
text: room and slips behind the sofa.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: Your wife, the lovely Ann? She's in
dialog: the pink, and so on.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Very well. (Beat) Very bonny...
text: Fawn closes the french doors behind him and Lacon is suddenly
dialog: all business.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: Do you know this man Tarr?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Mildly)
dialog: I recruited him actually. In
dialog: Penang. Good with women. Likes to
dialog: talk. What did he say to you?
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: He said he had some intelligence
dialog: for Control. Had no idea he was
dialog: dead. The news obviously hadn't
dialog: reached Wonga Wonga land. Then he
dialog: said he would only tell it to
dialog: someone outside the Circus. If he
dialog: couldn't have a Minister, he would
dialog: settle for the Under-secretary.
dialog: Lucky me.
text: Lacon lights a cigarette, smokes a moment, building up to
text: something. Smiley waits him out. The room has become very
dialog: still.
speaker_heading: LACON (CONT'D)
dialog: He said there's a mole. Right at
dialog: the top of the Circus. And that
dialog: he's been there for years.
text: Smiley absorbs this. The moment is suddenly broken by a few
text: stray notes from the piano. The two jump slightly and turn to
text: where Jackie sits at the keyboard, smiling triumphantly.
speaker_heading: 42 OMITTED 42
scene_heading: 43 EXT. LACON'S HOUSE - TERRACE - NIGHT 43
text: Smiley and Lacon stand on the terrace alone. Lacon glances
text: anxiously at Smiley, trying to read him.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: I was sad to see you go, George. I
dialog: thought it was shabby, very shabby.
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: LACON (CONT'D)
dialog: But the Minister agreed with Sir
dialog: Percy. New broom, clean sweep,
dialog: wheat from the chaff and all that.
dialog: And to be fair, Percy has had some
dialog: marvellous results since you and
dialog: Control left...
text: Realizing how this sounds, he glances at Smiley to see how
dialog: much damage he's caused.
speaker_heading: LACON (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, it does mean you're rather
dialog: ideally placed to look into this
dialog: matter for us now, doesn't it?
dialog: Outside the family?
text: Smiley looks blandly back at him.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: I am retired, Oliver.
text: Silence. Lacon looks uncomfortable, something he hasn't yet
dialog: said.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: Thing is, some time back, when
dialog: Control was still alive, he came to
dialog: me with a similar suggestion.
text: Smiley looks at him, surprised.
speaker_heading: LACON (CONT'D)
dialog: He never mentioned his suspicions
dialog: to you?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: I just thought... with you being
dialog: "his man", so to speak.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What did you say to him?
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: I'm afraid I thought his paranoia
dialog: had got the better of him and he
dialog: was pulling his own house down.
dialog: That does happen in your business.
dialog: And that bloody mess in Budapest...
text: Smiley stares out over the rolling countryside, inscrutable.
speaker_heading: LACON (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn it, George, this is your
dialog: generation, your legacy!
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: LACON (CONT'D)
dialog: If there's any truth in this you'd
dialog: think you'd want to...
text: He controls himself.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: I'll keep Peter Guillam. And
dialog: there's a retired special branch
dialog: man. Mendel. I'd like to have him.
text: Lacon exhales, his relief palpable.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: Yes, yes. Do your own housekeeping.
dialog: Good man.
text: He glances back at Guillam and Lacon's daughter, picking out
text: a melody on the grand piano.
speaker_heading: LACON (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn thing cost a fortune. Three
dialog: years of lessons and all I hear is
dialog: Edelweiss. You and Ann never had
dialog: children, did you?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: No, we never did.
text: We hear the piano playing on as we...
scene_heading: 44 EXT. LONDON - MENDEL STREET - MORNING 44
text: ... driving through suburban DAGENHAM. We pull up in front
text: of a neat Tudor semi.
scene_heading: 45 EXT. MENDEL'S GARDEN - DAY 45
text: CLOSE ON A COLONY OF BEES
text: GLOVED HANDS loading a COLONY OF BEES into a new HIVE.
text: An APIARIST, in protective hat and gloves, turns to examine
text: the MAN who has appeared in his back yard - GEORGE SMILEY.
text: Smiley raises a hand.
text: The Apiarist steps away from the hive and removes his hat
text: to reveal a long thin face, keen eyes - INSPECTOR MENDEL.
scene_heading: 46 EXT. MENDEL'S HOUSE - DAY 46
text: Mendel, now in an overcoat and carrying a battered
text: briefcase, climbs into the back of the car with a nod to
text: Smiley and Guillam in the front. He begins to roll a
text: cigarette as Guillam drives away.
dialog: 18.
text: A stow-away BEE appears from somewhere and begins to buzz
text: around the car. Guillam and Mendel swat at it clumsily.
text: Smiley stares ahead in silence. He winds down the window
text: and the bee flies to safety.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. HOTEL ISLAY - DAY 47
text: A shabby rooming house, near Paddington station.
scene_heading: 48 INT. HOTEL ISLAY - SMILEY'S ROOM - DAY 48
text: A large, faded floral monstrosity of a room. TWO single
text: beds, a large leather CHAIR, a WIRELESS.
text: Smiley's new landlady MRS POPE GRAHAM is supervising a
text: gormless teenager - NORMAN - who is struggling into the
text: room with a rickety card table. Mendel and Guillam take it
text: from him and set it into the room. From the next room comes
text: the unmistakable sounds of someone having sex.
speaker_heading: MRS POPE GRAHAM
dialog: (re the table)
dialog: It's Georgian, I shouldn't lend
dialog: it to you but since Mister Mendel
dialog: recommends you...
text: She gives the table a sentimental tap, raising her voice a
text: little to drown out the excesses from the room next door.
speaker_heading: MRS POPE GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: You will love it for me won't
dialog: you? It belonged to Mister Pope-
dialog: Graham.
text: She glances at Smiley who has his back to her looking out
text: into the London street.
speaker_heading: SMILEY'S P.O.V.
text: ... looking out at rooftops opposite and a travel agents
text: sign which reads THE WIDE WORLD.
speaker_heading: MENDEL (O.S.)
dialog: My friend just wants peace and
dialog: quiet in order to work, Mrs Pope-
dialog: Graham, no disturbances.
speaker_heading: MRS POPE GRAHAM
dialog: And that's what he shall have.
dialog: You want anything you can ask
dialog: Norman, can't he, Norman?
text: And they leave. A small silence...
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: Her real name is plain Graham.
dialog: Added the Pope for a touch of
dialog: class.
text: Guillam gives a grunt of amusement.
speaker_heading: MENDEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Best informant I ever had.
text: LATER:
text: Smiley has turned his attention to the bed. He examines the
text: stained sheets with distaste. As he speaks he strips off
text: the soiled sheet and replaces it with a clean one from his
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Control lived with his sister
dialog: didn't he?
text: He straightens up from the bed, smooths the pristine sheet.
text: Mendel flips his notebook back. He's already there.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: Basingstoke. Not much of a paper-
dialog: trail as you can imagine. His
dialog: pension and she owns a block of
dialog: bedsits in her own name in West
dialog: London.
speaker_heading: GUILLAM
dialog: We should...
text: Mendel flicks another page.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: ... Webb and Bryson are the
dialog: letting agents. Properties in
dialog: half of the west end judging by
dialog: this list...
text: LATER:
text: Guillam is lying on the bed. Smiley stands at the window,
text: Mendel slumped in an armchair.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: We're only looking for short term
dialog: rentals. Within the last year.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: (Reading from the list)
dialog: A Miss Hilliard. L. Cavaleri?
dialog: D Weaver, M Crowley, M Cushing. F.
dialog: Farling. G. Hiaasen.
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: MENDEL (CONT'D)
dialog: A Mrs Hawcombe. R. Kee. M. Kass. H
dialog: Staunton...
text: CLOSE on Smiley as his eyes flickers at the name.
speaker_heading: MENDEL (CONT'D)
dialog: K. Menzies...
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: How long was H. Staunton a tenant?
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: (Consulting the list)
dialog: Still is. Been renting for a few
dialog: years now. Something?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Musing)
dialog: Howard Staunton. Control used to
dialog: say he was England's greatest chess
dialog: master. Died in eighteen seventy-
dialog: four.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. CONTROL'S FLAT - DAY 49
text: Guillam and Smiley approach outside a red-brick mansion
dialog: block of flats in West London.
scene_heading: 50 INT. CONTROL'S FLAT - HALLWAY - DAY 50
text: Smiley and Guillam reach a flat near the shadowy top of the
text: building. Smiley studies the door. He runs his fingers over
text: the door-frame and there it is - a little WEDGE at the top.
scene_heading: 51 INT. CONTROL'S FLAT - DAY 51
text: Guillam, followed by Smiley, pushes in against a mound of
dialog: dead mail.
text: They advance cautiously into the dirty flat, the windows
text: fogged out with Windowlene.
text: THEIR P.O.V. - TRACKING TOWARDS THE DOOR
text: Guillam has reached the DOOR and disappears into the room
dialog: beyond...
scene_heading: 52 INT. CONTROL'S FLAT - DAY 52
text: A green velvet armchair sits at the centre of a room.
text: Beside it an ashtray over-loaded with stubs.
dialog: 21.
text: The rest of the room is mounded with PILES AND PILES OF
text: PAPERS - files, document boxes, maps and charts, something
dialog: insane in the sprawl of it all.
text: Guillam stands with his back to us staring at a CHESS SET
text: laid out before the chair, as if in mid-game. Four of the
text: chess pieces have had PHOTOGRAPHS of FACES added to them -
text: ROY BLAND. TOBY ESTERHASE. PERCY ALLELINE. BILL HAYDON -
text: all wearing paper PARTY HATS. The effect is ridiculous and
text: a little disturbing, like some Surrealist objet d'art.
text: Guillam hears Smiley and turns, almost guiltily, and as he
text: moves we see there is a FIFTH PHOTOGRAPH on a piece - and
text: it is of Smiley himself.
text: Smiley stares at his image.
scene_heading: 53 INT. CIRCUS - TOBY ESTERHASE'S OFFICE - DAY 53
text: Toby Esterhase is on the telephone, speaking softly in
text: Hungarian. A look crosses his face. He suddenly notices
text: Haydon in the doorway, cup of tea in hand. Esterhase asks the
text: caller to hold and places the handset on the desk.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: Help you with something Bill?
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: Looking for his Majesty.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: (sullenly)
text: He's walking the battlements.
text: Toby's eyes flicker toward the handset.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: (in Hungarian, subtitled)
dialog: Much obliged.
text: Bill leaves, and Toby resumes the call.
scene_heading: 54 EXT. ROOF OF THE CIRCUS - DAY 54
text: Alleline stands on the rooftop, staring out over the London
text: skyline, his expression ambiguous - perhaps obscurely
text: troubled to have found himself at the top. He becomes aware
text: of Roy Bland standing behind him.
speaker_heading: ALLELINE
dialog: (Without turning)
dialog: Roy.
speaker_heading: BLAND
dialog: It's the Yanks. They want to come
dialog: in and talk.
dialog: 22.
text: Alleline continues to stare out over the world, but allows
text: himself a small smile of triumph - and relief.
speaker_heading: ALLELINE
dialog: Of course they do. We have
dialog: Witchcraft. And they don't.
scene_heading: 55 INT. HOTEL ISLAY - SMILEY'S ROOM - DAY 55
text: Mendel and Guillam carry in boxes, each overflowing with
text: files and bundles of yellowing papers.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Thank you. Anywhere will do.
text: They dump the files and Smiley turns to survey his room. In
text: his hand he is toying with a black chess piece labelled
dialog: "KARLA".
text: The far wall is now stacked to the ceiling with the
text: contents of Control's room - thousands of files and
text: documents, piled in no logical order. The three survey the
text: mountain of information in silence.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: (Wryly)
dialog: That enough for you to be getting
dialog: on with?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: No. Peter, I need you to do
dialog: something for me...
scene_heading: 56 INT. CIRCUS - SCALPHUNTERS - DAY 56
text: The "Scalphunters" floor. Guillam is in his office, painted
text: out panels below the waist, glass above. He sits, hands on
text: the desk, steeling himself for what he has to do.
text: Abruptly he stands and walks out.
text: We TRACK with him as he walks through the Scalphunters
text: "quad" area - a worn out sofa, the old pool table.
text: One of the Scalphunters - KASPAR - stands flirting with a
text: pretty SECRETARY - BELINDA - the "Deb" we saw earlier.
text: Guillam acknowledges them casually as he passes. The girl
text: gives a little wave. She LIKES him.
text: Kaspar stares after Guillam. He doesn't.
text: We continue tracking with Guillam as he leaves the
text: Scalphunters area, walks down the corridor, turns left
dialog: into...
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: 57 INT. CIRCUS - MEN'S ROOM - DAY 57
text: He stands at the basins, checking the room is clear.
text: Examines his watch, then crosses to the door and opens it a
text: crack, peering out.
speaker_heading: GUILLAM'S P.O.V.
text: We're looking though a glass panelled door at the PERSONNEL
text: OFFICE. A dapper little man in a club tie - FAWLEY - sits
text: behind his desk, idly tapping a desk toy - a Newton's
text: Cradle. He too checks his watch. Lunch time. Gets up and
text: walks out of his office.
text: Guillam counts to ten under his breath and then abruptly,
text: walks out of the men's room, across the corridor and
dialog: into...
scene_heading: 58 INT. CIRCUS - FAWLEY'S OFFICE - DAY 58
text: The Cradle is still swinging - steel balls clacking softly.
text: Guillam is opening a safe, pulling out documents,
text: photographing them with a SUBMINIATURE CAMERA.
text: Close on the documents as Guillam silently photographs
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (V.O.)
dialog: I want to see the records of
dialog: staff recently retired. While
dialog: you're there get the handbook on
dialog: staff duties... and the diagram
dialog: of the Circus's reorganization
dialog: under Alleline...
text: Guillam hears a voice outside. He draws a SMALL KNIFE from
text: his pocket.
scene_heading: 59 INT. CIRCUS - FAWLEY'S OFFICE - DAY 59
text: Kaspar opens the door and walks in, finding... the office
text: empty.
text: Then a faint noise. He works his way around the desk, finds
text: Guillam crouched down, his back to him.
speaker_heading: KASPAR
dialog: (Suspicious)
dialog: Sorry Peter, didn't know you were
dialog: doing... whatever you were
dialog: doing...?
text: Guillam straightens up to reveal his hand oozing blood from
text: a cut.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
text: Trying not to bleed to death.
dialog: Fawley's got a first aid kit in
dialog: one of his drawers. Get me a
dialog: plaster will you?
text: Kaspar busies himself with the first-aid. Eyes hard.
scene_heading: 60 INT. CIRCUS - LIFTS - DAY 60
text: Guillam has just stepped into the lift. Roy Bland appears
text: suddenly and steps in beside him.
text: Silence for a moment as they descend...
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND
dialog: (without looking at him)
dialog: Heard you had an accident.
text: Guillam makes a mental note against Kaspar.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Cut it on a drawer handle.
dialog: (Beat) When are we going to get
dialog: some new furniture round here?
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND
dialog: I'll have a word with Esterhase,
dialog: Peter. We'll make it a priority
text: on the top floor.
text: They arrive on the ground floor. Bland walks out ahead.
text: Guillam exhales with relief. Then...
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (as he walks away)
dialog: Where are you off to?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Lunch.
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND
dialog: Want some company?
scene_heading: 61 INT. PUB - DAY 61
text: The two men sit drinking at a table in a nearly deserted
dialog: local bar.
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND
dialog: Tell you the truth, I'm in no
dialog: hurry to get back up there...
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Smothered by the Mothers.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND
dialog: Something like that. Those old
text: birds, all pining for Control.
dialog: Percy still can't get a decent
dialog: cup of tea out of them. Still, I
dialog: imagine it takes time.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: What does?
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND
dialog: Loyalty.
text: He takes a pull of his pint.
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND (CONT'D)
dialog: If it was up to me, I'd replace
dialog: them all with those `naice' girls
dialog: from registry. Like to hear a few
text: high heels about the place.
text: He reaches suddenly for Guillam's coat, lying on the seat -
text: his hand heading for the pocket that holds the SUBMINIATURE
speaker_heading: CAMERA.
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Scrounge a fag?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: (Quickly)
dialog: Here.
text: He pushes his cigarettes into Bland's hand before he can
text: fish in the coat. Bland smokes for a moment.
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND
dialog: (Suddenly)
dialog: What do you think of Datsuns?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND
dialog: Datsuns. Just got one. Wife made
dialog: me. Hatchback. Caught sight of
dialog: myself in it, driving past a shop
dialog: window and I thought to myself
dialog: "Who's that old fucker?"
text: He stares at Guillam with faint smile, but his eyes are
dialog: cold and watchful.
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you driving?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Citroen.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND
dialog: French? Ooh la la...
text: He continues to stare at Guillam with the faint smile, and
text: Guillam feels a sickening wave of paranoia.
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Drink up and I'll drop you back.
dialog: You've probably got some girl
dialog: waiting...
scene_heading: 62 INT. GUILLAM'S FLAT - NIGHT 62
text: Guillam sits alone at the table reading a newspaper. After
text: a moment, a man, his lover - RICHARD - a decade or so
text: older - walks behind him, stroking his hair tenderly, and
text: joins him at the table. Guillam automatically checks the
text: window - the flat opposite, a lit window - could someone
text: see them? He gets up and closes the curtains, settles back
text: at the table, passing Richard a section of the paper. The
text: two sit in domestic contentment, reading.
scene_heading: 62A EXT. HOTEL ISLAY - NIGHT 62A
text: SMILEY'S P.O.V. - LOOKING DOWN FROM A WINDOW
text: A ministerial car pulls up and Lacon climbs out.
scene_heading: 63 INT. HOTEL ISLAY - SMILEY'S ROOM - NIGHT 63
text: The music - a CHARLIE RICH track - plays on a TRANSISTOR
text: RADIO. Smiley sits at the window listening to the MUSIC.
text: Guillam dictates from a photograph of the documents he took
dialog: at the circus.
text: Smiley becomes aware that the others are watching him. He
text: turns away, tunes the radio into a DIFFERENT STATION,
dialog: cutting the Charlie Rich tune.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Jerry Westerby, dismissed
dialog: December 4th. And... Connie
dialog: Sachs, retired November 28th.
dialog: That's just two weeks after you
dialog: and Control were forced out.
text: Smiley considers this, turns back to the CHESS SET. He
text: writes Connie's name on a slip of paper, pastes it to a
dialog: chess piece.
text: There is a knock at the door. Mendel lets LACON into the
text: room excluding a very excited MRS. POPE GRAHAM. Lacon's
text: wearing a tux, looking extremely uncomfortable, almost
text: offended at the role he finds himself playing.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: I know that car.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: On our way to La Bohème. The
dialog: Minister wondered if there was
dialog: anything to report?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Not much, I'm afraid. We were
dialog: just discussing the departure of
dialog: Connie Sachs. I wonder how
dialog: Research manages without her.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Probably relieved. She always
dialog: struck me as unhinged.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: That was one of her talents.
text: LACON looks around him, dripping disdain.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: (Indicating the chess
dialog: set)
text: Looking a little unhinged
dialog: yourself, George.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Distracted)
dialog: Hmm?
text: He turns to him.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, I suppose I am. Perhaps
dialog: that's what we have to become? A
dialog: little paranoid?
text: He turns back to the chess board.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (To Lacon)
dialog: Your "clean sweep."
dialog: What if the Mole was actually
dialog: behind that sweep? What if each
dialog: of us, whether we knew it or not,
dialog: represented a threat to the Mole?
text: Lacon looks at a pile of files, distractedly picks one up.
text: He starts to leaf through one...
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: (Unconvinced)
dialog: Control lost his position because
dialog: of that fiasco in Budapest...
dialog: that poor chap...?
dialog: 28.
text: He looks to Guillam for the name.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Jim Prideaux.
text: Smiley nods thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Yes. Yes, he did.
text: He writes PRIDEAUX on a slip of paper, pastes it to a chess
text: piece. Lacon picks up another file, Something catches his
text: eye: a letter head of FLAMES. He looks up shocked.
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: How did you get this? This is
dialog: Witchcraft material.
text: He grabs the piece of paper, stuffing it in his pocket.
text: Smiley looks at him. Lacon reads something implacable in
text: Smiley's gaze...
text: Smiley turns back to the chess set.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Control was out. And Alleline was
dialog: in. Thanks to...
text: He writes the name "WITCHCRAFT" and places it on a chess
dialog: piece.
scene_heading: 63A EXT. HOTEL ISLAY - NIGHT 63A
text: Lacon stalks out of the hotel.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (V.O.)
dialog: ... Alleline's "special source."
speaker_heading: LACON (V.O.)
dialog: There is no connection.
text: He climbs into the waiting car. We catch a glimpse of the
text: MINISTER in the back.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (V.O.)
dialog: Everything is connected.
text: The car drives away.
scene_heading: 64 INT. THURSGOOD SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - DAY 64
dialog: A third-rate English preparatory school. The string
dialog: orchestra practice - rows of twelve-year old boys sawing
text: away at their instruments. A teacher winces as he hacks at
text: the air above their heads with a ruler.
dialog: 29.
text: Near the back of the class we find BILL ROACH. He's plump,
text: asthmatic, the last to be chosen for everything. He looks
text: out of the window.
scene_heading: 65 EXT. THURSGOOD SCHOOL - DAY 65
text: Roach stares out at us as the rain lashes against the
text: window pane. As we watch an old blue Alvis, towing a
text: battered, second hand CARAVAN, appears - reflected in the
text: window - driving past.
text: Roach watches, thrilled to realise he is the sole witness
text: of this MYSTERIOUS NEW ARRIVAL.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. THURSGOOD SCHOOL - PRIDEAUX'S CARAVAN - DAY 66
text: We're looking down into the dip, at the DRIVER of the blue
text: Alvis, setting up his caravan on bricks, in the gloom and
text: rain. He's wearing a waterproof cape and hood, obscuring
text: his face, giving him something of an air of mystery and
text: menace. There's something odd about the way he moves,
text: something about his back, as if it's been knocked out of
dialog: true...
text: The Driver rocks the caravan from side to side, loading
text: bricks underneath, trying to get the thing level.
text: He senses something and turns to find Roach behind him.
text: Roach instinctively takes a step back from the hooded
text: figure. Then, gathering his courage, he holds out his hand.
text: In his palm, a MARBLE.
text: LATER:
text: Roach stands in the caravan, watching the MARBLE as it
text: rolls backwards and forwards on the windowsill - an
text: improvised spirit level. THE MARBLE comes to rest at the
text: centre of the sill, a temporary equilibrium.
text: Roach turns excitedly to the camera, about to call to the
text: Driver, but sees something that stops him in his tracks...
text: The Driver has stopped, his back to us, breathing hard,
dialog: perhaps from the exercise or perhaps fighting down some
text: pain. The wind catches at his cape and it flutters to one
text: side, revealing the sweat-soaked shirt beneath. As we watch
text: a DARK STAIN appears at his shoulder blade and begins to
text: spread. It's BLOOD.
scene_heading: 67 EXT. LONDON - OFF LICENSE - DAY 67
text: Through the window we see Smiley buying a bottle.
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: 68 INT. LONDON - PADDINGTON TRAIN STATION - DAY 68
text: Smiley stands at a ticket kiosk.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Return to Oxford please.
scene_heading: 69 EXT. CONNIE'S HOUSE - DAY 69
text: A large dilapidated Victorian house. We hear the faint
text: sound of voices and pop music coming from the garden.
text: Smiley pushes open the gate, walks down the path, past over-
text: grown shrubbery until he reaches the door with a bell marked
dialog: "SACHS."
text: Glancing sideways he is caught, entranced, by the sight of a
text: young couple kissing in the window. They turn, suddenly aware
text: of his presence and Smiley, embarrassed, continues walking
text: round the house.
speaker_heading: SMILEY'S P.O.V.
text: A group of students in togas are rehearsing a musical version
text: of Lysistrata. A young woman, holding her script, is miming
dialog: to the song `Don't' by Doris.
text: An older woman wearing rather too much make-up is carrying a
text: prop. This is CONNIE SACHS - former Queen of Intelligence at
text: the Circus. She examines Smiley for a moment, and then breaks
text: into a charming smile.
text: ON SMILEY'S EXPRESSION
dialog: This is not a social call. Connie can't keep the
text: disappointment from her face.
scene_heading: 70 INT. CONNIE'S HOUSE - DRAWING ROOM - DAY 70
text: Smiley sits in the cluttered drawing room, a plate of scones
text: in front of him. Connie appears carrying a tray of tea.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Of the tea)
dialog: Oh, I brought...
text: He takes the bottle of Scotch from his briefcase.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS
dialog: (eyeing it hungrily)
dialog: Not supposed to. Doctor's orders.
text: Smiley feigns surprise. Connie gives a little girl laugh.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (CONT'D)
dialog: Wicked, wicked George.
text: She takes the teacup he pours with crooked arthritic
text: fingers and drinks. They sit, both staring at the students
text: in the garden, caught up in memories of their youth.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (CONT'D)
dialog: I miss it all so much. All my
dialog: lovely boys.
text: Smiley hesitates.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't know about you, George
dialog: but I feel seriously under-
dialog: fucked.
text: They look at each other a moment. Connie's smile fades.
text: She looks at him almost sorrowfully.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (CONT'D)
dialog: She doesn't deserve you, George.
dialog: Not one hair on your head, never
dialog: did...
scene_heading: 71 INT. CONNIE'S HOUSE - DAY 71
text: Smiley and Connie sit in a dirty, disordered room, Connie
text: on her way to being drunk. As she finishes her glass Smiley
dialog: fills it.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: You left the Circus shortly after
dialog: I retired...
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS
dialog: I didn't leave. I was dismissed.
text: Chucked out on the rubbish heap.
dialog: (Beat) Like you.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Ignoring this)
dialog: Why?
text: She shrugs, petulant, takes a drink.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS
dialog: "Lost my sense of proportion."
dialog: That's what that personnel cow
dialog: said. Wouldn't let go of a bone.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Which bone?
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS
dialog: Polyakov.
dialog: 32.
text: Smiley nods, a look of boredom settling on his face - A
text: SURE SIGN OF INTEREST.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Polyakov.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS
dialog: Cultural Attaché Polyakov.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Stationed where?
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS
dialog: Here. London. Turned up in sixty
dialog: five. And I had a feeling, as
dialog: soon as I laid eyes on him. But
dialog: that little swine Toby Esterhase
dialog: told me I was seeing Spies under
text: the bed.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Esterhase said that?
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS
dialog: He had him graded Persil. Whiter
dialog: than white. And that was that.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: But you disagreed?
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS
dialog: Pretty Polly? Very military
dialog: bearing for someone who's never
dialog: supposed to have been in the
dialog: army. But, he was good. Went to
dialog: Embassy functions, lectures. I
dialog: love a man who lives his cover.
dialog: Never put a foot wrong.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Never?
text: She can't help but smile.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS
dialog: (As if summoning him)
dialog: Pretty Polly. Pretty Polly...
scene_heading: 72 INT. CIRCUS - RESEARCH - EVENING - PAST 72
text: Connie is working late. She sits in front of a Steenbeck
text: flatbed editing table, she's chain-smoking, unkempt, but
text: completely focused on the moving images on the screen.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (V.O.)
dialog: ... the busiest culture vulture
dialog: that Embassy ever had.
text: On the walls around her are framed STILLS from the footage
text: she is watching: Russian Officials at ceremonies - each
text: picture gridded, each official labelled as Connie manages to
dialog: identify them.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (CONT'D)
dialog: For years we'd been hearing rumours
dialog: that Karla was building a private
dialog: army of his own, outside Moscow
dialog: Centre. We knew he had agents
dialog: scattered round the globe. I
dialog: started spending time with the
text: Moscow gazers combing Soviet
dialog: bulletins and any material I could
dialog: get.
text: ON SCREEN - Ancient SOVIET VETERANS stand in rows displaying
text: the medals on their chests.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Late one night in Research, I was
text: trawling through some footage of
dialog: May Day in Berlin, 1969. I saw
dialog: something, George.
text: Connie slows the images down, concentrating... OFFICIALS in
text: suits are walking into their designated places. We see
text: POLYAKOV amongst them.
text: One of the old SOVIET VETERANS, in dress uniform, a chest
text: full of medals, possibly a touch senile, LOOKS at him. Just
text: before he is obscured by another official we see what the old
dialog: veteran does.
text: He salutes Polyakov.
text: Connie's smile of triumph is reflected on the screen. She
text: lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw it, George.
text: Connie rewinds the tape and we see the salute - backwards.
dialog: And again - forwards.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Why would a distinguished soldier,
dialog: four medals for gallantry, salute
dialog: our cultural attache Polly? Unless
dialog: Polly was a war veteran himself?
dialog: And if he was, why hide the fact?
text: FROM DOORWAY - Connie sits smoking her celebratory cigarette,
text: at the centre of her obsession.
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: 72A INT. CIRCUS - RESEARCH - EVENING 72A
text: Connie is showing the footage to Alleline and Esterhase.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (V.O.)
dialog: What did you do?
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (V.O.)
dialog: I went straight to Esterhase and
dialog: Alleline. I said - "Polyakov is a
dialog: Karla-trained Hood if ever I saw
dialog: one. And if he's here it's because
dialog: he's running a mole."
speaker_heading: SMILEY (V.O.)
dialog: What did they say?
text: Alleline switches off the image.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: (Hard)
dialog: You're to leave Polyakov alone.
dialog: You're becoming obsessed with him.
text: He glances at Esterhase and then back to Connie, eyes cold.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're losing your sense of
dialog: proportion, Connie. Perhaps it's
dialog: time you went out into the real
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: 73 OMITTED 73
speaker_heading: 74 OMITTED 74
scene_heading: 75 INT. CONNIE'S HOUSE - DAY - PRESENT 75
text: Connie sits on her bed, with Smiley, drunk now, eyes wet.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS
dialog: Hate the real world. (Beat) What
dialog: does it matter? Old Circus is
dialog: gone anyway, apart from Bill
dialog: Haydon. Better off out of it.
dialog: (Beat)I know you never liked him.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Sharply)
dialog: What nonsense. What on earth
dialog: makes you say that?
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS
dialog: (Surprised)
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: 35.
text: She turns to the shoe box beside her, takes out a
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPH.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (CONT'D)
dialog: Here we are. The Nursery in our
dialog: day.
text: She shows him the photograph - a young Connie in Wren
text: uniform, young men in cricket whites on a mown lawn. More
text: senior figures stand behind.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (CONT'D)
dialog: There's Control himself, you
text: behind him, as usual...
text: A younger bespectacled Smiley, lost amongst his more
text: glamorous colleagues. She traces other faces with a crooked
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (CONT'D)
dialog: (Fondly)
dialog: Jim Prideaux... and Bill Haydon.
dialog: Together of course. The
dialog: Inseparables. All my boys. That
dialog: was a good time, George.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Chiding)
dialog: It was the war, Connie.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS
dialog: A real war. Englishmen could be
dialog: proud then.
text: She stares at the photograph with a sad smile.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (CONT'D)
dialog: I was right, then? About
dialog: Polyakov. There's a mole?
text: Smiley doesn't answer, stands up to go.
speaker_heading: CONNIE SACHS (CONT'D)
dialog: If it's bad, don't come back. I
dialog: want to remember you all as you
dialog: were.
scene_heading: 76 EXT. SAFE HOUSE - NIGHT 76
text: The house we saw in the title sequence. The air duct opens
text: on the front of the house, spilling out its star-shape of
text: light.
text: After a moment Polyakov walks up to the door and knocks. We
dialog: hear the dog barking...
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: 77 INT. SAFE HOUSE - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT 77
text: Mrs McCraig opens the door for him and he passes her with a
text: smile, heading upstairs.
text: We TRACK with Mrs McCraig as she walks back to her pantry,
text: opens a cupboard to reveal a huge reel to reel TAPE
text: RECORDER. With ancient fingers she presses down the clunky
text: record button and the spools begin to revolve.
speaker_heading: POLYAKOV (O.S.)
dialog: (In Russian)
text: ... The Priest is surprised to
dialog: see General Secretary
dialog: Krushchev...
scene_heading: 78 INT. SAFE HOUSE - MEETING ROOM - NIGHT 78
text: As we saw it in the titles. The Mystery Man sits at the
text: table holding up pages of a document for Polyakov who is
text: photographing them as he talks, the camera giving a
text: satisfying CLICK and WHIR with each shot.
speaker_heading: POLYAKOV
dialog: ... He says "Father, father, I've
dialog: just had sex with two 17 year old
dialog: girls." The Priest says "That's
dialog: quite a sin, but you're an
dialog: Atheist, General Secretary..."
text: HIGH ANGLE - the dusty candelabra above their heads, and
text: the tint MICROPHONE, nestled beside one of the bulbs.
speaker_heading: POLYAKOV (CONT'D)
dialog: "... why are you telling me?"
scene_heading: 79 INT. SAFE HOUSE - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT 79
text: ... spools churning silently.
speaker_heading: POLYAKOV (O.S.)
dialog: ... Krushchev says "I'm seventy-
dialog: seven, I'm telling everyone."
text: We hear his chuckle and the continued CLICK WHIR of the
text: camera.
scene_heading: 80 INT. HOTEL ISLAY - SMILEY'S ROOM - NIGHT 80
text: Smiley sits at his desk staring at the CHESS SET laid out
text: before him. One of the pieces has had the photograph of
dialog: POLYAKOV added to it.
dialog: 37.
text: He begins to register the faint noises around him...
text: Pigeons on the ledge outside the window, the television
text: mast creaking on the roof above him...
text: He hears footsteps approaching down the corridor and stop
text: outside his room. He crosses to the door and opens it and
text: finds CONTROL waiting for him.
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: Step into my lair.
dialog: And in an instant we are in...
scene_heading: 81 INT. CIRCUS - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY - PAST 81
text: Control is at the HEAD OF THE TABLE. Ranged against him are
text: PERCY ALLELINE, ROY BLAND and TOBY ESTERHASE- all a little
text: nervous. BILL HAYDON sits to the side, feet up. Smiley
text: joins them without his spectacles. Control throws him a
speaker_heading: FILE.
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: (To Smiley)
dialog: Sit down and take a look at this
dialog: nonsense.
text: Smiley sits down and begins to read.
speaker_heading: CONTROL (CONT'D)
dialog: Report by Soviet High Command on
dialog: their recent naval exercises in
dialog: the Black Sea. Just what the
dialog: Admiralty have been begging us
dialog: for some information on.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Engrossed)
dialog: Where did you get it?
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: I didn't. Percy and his little
text: cabal walked in with it.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: (Protesting "cabal")
dialog: Control...
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: Shut up, Esterhase.
text: Control waves him down. Smiley considers the report
dialog: dispassionately.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: If it's genuine it's gold-dust.
dialog: (Beat) But its topicality makes
dialog: it suspect.
dialog: 38.
text: Control turns to Alleline, with a mocking smile.
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: Smiley is suspicious, Percy.
text: Smells a fake.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Where does it come from? What's
dialog: the access?
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: Percy doesn't feel like telling.
text: Percy packs his pipe, enjoys the moment - the young lion
dialog: challenging the old.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: A new secret source of mine.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: But how could he possibly have
dialog: access to...?
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: He has access to the most
dialog: sensitive levels of policy
dialog: making.
text: Smiley stares at him, staggered. If it's true, this is the
text: jackpot. Alleline enjoys his amazement, he leans over -
text: points with bureaucratic pride to the FLAMES on the LETTER
speaker_heading: HEAD.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE (CONT'D)
dialog: We have named the operation
dialog: "Witchcraft."
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Faintly)
dialog: We?
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: Percy and his pals have bypassed
dialog: us, Smiley. Gone straight to the
dialog: Minister. Everyone's very
dialog: excited. Percy's to be allowed to
dialog: keep the identity of his new
dialog: friend top secret.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: The Minister agrees with me that
dialog: too many secrets are blown around
dialog: here. Too much failure, too many
dialog: scandals, too little solid
dialog: intelligence!
text: Control is still smiling but only now do we realise he is
text: almost shaking with fury.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: Luckily Percy's cabal has come to
dialog: save us.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: (Bulldozing on)
dialog: It's all office politics here.
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND
dialog: Percy does have a point, Control.
dialog: We should be fighting communism,
dialog: not each other.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: Meanwhile we're losing our
dialog: reputation, our partners...
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: Your bloody Yanks!
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: (Shouting)
dialog: And we've had enough! There's
dialog: going to be changes, Smiley!
dialog: Changes.
text: Toby Esterhase finds his moment.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: We need to decide if we're part
dialog: of the past, or part of the
dialog: future.
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: (Contemptuous)
dialog: I should have left you where I
dialog: found you.
speaker_heading: ROY BLAND
dialog: Control, if we could all just...
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: OUT! ALL OF YOU!
text: Alleline, Bland and Esterhase leave. For a moment it looks
text: as if Haydon will stay, but then he stands up, shaking his
text: head and saunters out.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Cautiously)
dialog: If Witchcraft is genuine...
text: Now the others have left, Control seems to sag under the
text: weight of some unnamed fear. He turns a haggard face to
dialog: Smiley.
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: I don't trust miracles.
dialog: 40.
text: We hear a KNOCKING and find ourselves back in...
scene_heading: 82 INT. HOTEL ISLAY - SMILEY'S ROOM - DAY - PRESENT 82
text: Mendel holds two mugs of tea in one hand, gives the agreed
text: knock at Smiley's door again. After a moment a bleary
text: Smiley opens the door and lets him in.
scene_heading: 83 INT. HOTEL ISLAY - SMILEY'S ROOM - DAY 83
text: Mendel passes him the tea, takes in the desk piled high
dialog: with papers.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: (Of the tea)
dialog: Courtesy of Mrs P. You been up
dialog: all night?
text: Smiley sits down wearily, sips his tea.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Yes.
text: Mendel notices one SLIP OF PAPER, sitting alone on the
text: opposite side of the desk.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Request for a thousand pound's in
dialog: cash from the reptile fund.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: For a Mister Ellis.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: Who's Ellis?
text: Smiley leans back, rubs his tired eyes.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: It was one of Jim Prideaux's work
dialog: names.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: What's so strange about that
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: The date. Prideaux was killed in
dialog: Hungary a year ago. October
dialog: twenty first. So why was
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: someone giving him a thousand
dialog: pounds two months later?
text: He takes another sip of tea, gazes at Mendel thoughtfully.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. THURSGOOD SCHOOL - PLAYING FIELDS - DAY 84
text: Prideaux is running around the track, pounding along with his
text: odd, loping stride. A group of BOYS watch him pass. One -
text: SPIKELEY - mimics the run to the amusement of the others.
scene_heading: 85 INT. THURSGOOD SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - DAY 85
text: A fire burns in the little grate.
text: ROACH sits near the back of the class. The BOY behind slaps
text: the back of his neck with a ruler. Roach flinches but
text: doesn't say anything. The Boy does it again.
text: Prideaux drops a pile of books onto the desk of a boy -
speaker_heading: SPIKELY.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: Hand those out.
text: He crosses to the board begins to write on it - JE
text: M'APPELLE MONSIEUR ELL...
text: Behind him Spikely hands out the books, continuing to walk
text: like a HUNCHBACK.
text: The class snigger. Prideaux hears but doesn't turn,
text: continues writing.
text: Then from the CHIMNEY comes an unnerving SCRABBLING sound.
dialog: A little soot falls...
text: The sniggering fades out as all eyes turn nervously to the
dialog: fire... what is that noise?
text: Then, with a terrifying SCREECH, an OWL drops down into the
text: grate, thrashes in the flames before flapping out into the
text: class, its wings now ON FIRE, shrieking hideously, headed
text: straight for Spikely who stands frozen in shock as the bird
text: swoops towards his face.
dialog: Then...
text: ... somehow, Prideaux is THERE and grabs the burning bird
text: from the air and in a second has it folded in on itself,
text: NECK SNAPPED, and strides out of the room with it.
text: The boys stare after their new teacher in SHOCKED SILENCE.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: 86 EXT. THURSGOOD SCHOOL - PRIDEAUX'S CARAVAN - DAY 86
text: Roach is hiding, spying down on the caravan below, where
text: Prideaux sits in the doorway, massaging his raised
text: shoulder, and drinking something from a green beaker.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: (After a moment)
dialog: Come down here.
text: Frightened, Roach obeys, sliding down the dip to him.
text: Prideaux examines him fiercely. Finally his face relaxes a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX (CONT'D)
dialog: (Identifying him)
dialog: Boy with the marble.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: Gave me a turn up there, parked
dialog: on the horizon. Thought you were
dialog: a Juju man. What's your name?
speaker_heading: BILL ROACH
dialog: Sir, Roach, sir. Bill. I'm a new
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: New arrival, eh? Middle of year?
dialog: What's the story?
text: Roach hesitates.
speaker_heading: BILL ROACH
dialog: (Blushing)
dialog: My mother and father... my
dialog: father's left, so...
text: He doesn't know how to explain his misery any further.
text: Prideaux pretends not to notice.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: Bill? The unpaid Bill. Anyone
dialog: ever call you that?
speaker_heading: BILL ROACH
dialog: No sir.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: Known a lot of Bills. They've all
dialog: been good `uns. What you good at?
text: Roach tries desperately to think of something.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: BILL ROACH
dialog: Nothing sir.
text: The boy's eyes start to MIST UP. Prideaux looks down,
text: busies himself with brushing at something on his shirt.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: You're a good watcher though eh?
dialog: Us loners always are. No one else
dialog: spotted me when I turned up here.
dialog: Best watcher in the unit,
dialog: Bill Roach is, I'll bet. Long as
dialog: he's got his specs on. Right?
speaker_heading: BILL ROACH
dialog: (Gratefully)
dialog: Yes sir.
text: Prideaux finishes his drink, nods to Roach.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: Free period, isn't it? Don't
dialog: waste it down here.
text: Roach sets off up the dip. He looks back and sees Prideaux
text: has walked into the caravan and stands with his back to
text: him, rubbing his aching shoulder.
scene_heading: 87 EXT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - DAY 87
text: Smiley walks up to the steps of his home, stops, examining
text: the door, his absent-minded air hardening into something
text: more ALERT. He scans the step and stoops to pick something
text: up. A WEDGE.
scene_heading: 88 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - DAY 88
text: Smiley walks into the hallway senses alert. He pads towards
text: the drawing room, wipes sweat from his hands on his
text: trousers, steels himself. Is it finally Them, come for him?
text: He walks in and finds...
scene_heading: 89 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - DAY 89
text: RICKI TARR sits smoking in the darkness, the knife on his
dialog: lap.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: Hello Mister Smiley. You remember
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Hello, Ricki.
text: He tosses the wedge onto the table.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You missed a wedge.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: Losing my touch.
text: Smiley watches him closely, very aware of the knife. Tarr
text: rubs his beard.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (CONT'D)
dialog: I know what I must look like. Rip
dialog: Van Winkle. Feel like him. I
dialog: could sleep for a year. Two
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Where've you been, Ricki?
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: Here, there. Run out of places
dialog: now. They're gonna kill me.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Who is?
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: Your lot. Or their lot. Whoever
dialog: gets me first. I'm innocent, by
dialog: the way. Within reason. (Beat)
dialog: You going to find him then? The
dialog: Mole?
text: Smiley crosses to another chair. As he does so he's
text: scanning the room - automatically noting the changes - the
text: remains of a meal on a table...
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: I'm going to try. How long have
dialog: you been here?
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: Few days. Needed somewhere to
text: hide.
text: Smiley notices the pile of letters for his wife Ann -
dialog: they've been disturbed.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (CONT'D)
dialog: (Following his gaze)
dialog: Old habits.
text: Smiley fights down his anger.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: I wouldn't use my home as a safe
dialog: house. There's every chance
dialog: they're watching it.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: Calculated risk Mister Smiley. I
dialog: wanted to see you, figured you'd
dialog: turn up here sooner or later.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What do you want Ricki?
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: There's a woman. I want you to
dialog: trade for her. Get her back from
dialog: Karla.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What woman?
text: Tarr finishes his cigarette, lights another.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: Her name's Irina.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. ISTANBUL - AIRPORT - DAY - PAST 90
text: Ricki Tarr emerges blinking into the white sunshine.
text: Groomed, smart, that same restless energy. A car pulls up
text: across the road TUFTY THESINGER - a boiled-looking British
text: spy, not over-bright, signals to him. Tarr pulls his shades
text: down and saunters over to his ride.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (O.S.)
dialog: I met her in Istanbul. They'd
dialog: found some Russian trade
dialog: delegate, name of Boris. He was
dialog: spending high and wide in the
dialog: nightclubs and some idiot thought
dialog: we could turn him.
text: Tarr opens the back seat and gets in. Tufty's slightly
text: foolish smile slips a little.
scene_heading: 90A INT. ISTANBUL - TARR'S APARTMENT - ENTRANCE LOBBY - DAY 90A
text: Tarr enters, followed by Tufty carrying one of his bags.
scene_heading: 91 INT. ISTANBUL - TARR'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 91
text: Nineteenth century European grandeur. But the apartment
text: we're in is deserted and in a state of disrepair. Tarr
text: stands at tripod mounted BINOCULARS set back from the
text: window, idly playing with a knife with a distinctive white
text: BONE handle.
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: 92 EXT. ISTANBUL - IRINA'S HOTEL - NIGHT 92
text: TARR'S P.O.V. - the HOTEL opposite - a Brutalist concrete
text: slab, the rooms have floor to ceiling windows. In the
text: bedroom a heavy set man - BORIS - is having sex with a
speaker_heading: MAID.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (V.O.)
dialog: I took one look and saw that he
dialog: was a hood, Moscow trained.
text: We TRACK to one side, and see the "drawing room" of the
text: hotel suite, where Boris' two MINDERS, SERGEI and IVAN,
text: wait, smirking at the sounds coming from the bedroom.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Probably coat trailing, trying to
dialog: draw one of our men out into the
text: open.
text: We TRACK further along again and see the CORRIDOR outside
text: the hotel room, where a YOUNG WOMAN has just arrived. This
dialog: is IRINA.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: He had a wife with him. Common-
dialog: law.
text: Irina opens the door and walks into the drawing room, where
text: the Minders stare fixedly at the floor, trying not to
text: laugh. She walks on past and into the bedroom. The Maid
text: jumps out of the bed, grabs her clothes and flees. Boris
text: lies, unconcerned, reaches for his cigarettes.
text: Irina walks past him and we track with her as she enters a
text: BATHROOM. The glass window here is two-thirds frosted and
text: we lose her as she bends over a basin.
text: Something about her has caught Tarr's attention and he
text: leaves the binoculars, walking closer to the window.
text: Suddenly IRINA straightens up, her head above the frosted
text: glass and stares straight at us...
scene_heading: 93 EXT. ISTANBUL - TARR'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 93
speaker_heading: HER P.O.V. -
text: RICKI TARR standing at the window opposite, knowing he
text: should turn away, but somehow snagged by that look.
text: A moment between the two. Then a car sweeps past on the
text: road below and there's a flash of light behind Ricki's head
text: - the headlights reflected in the lenses of the now visible
text: BINOCULARS. Irina absorbs this. Above everything else,
text: anger at her humiliation being observed.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: 94 EXT. ISTANBUL - IRINA'S HOTEL - NIGHT 94
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR'S P.O.V.
text: As Irina walks back out of the bathroom, picks up a vase
text: and hurls it at Boris, just missing him. He stubs out his
text: cigarette and calmly climbs out of the bed. As we watch he
text: draws the curtains along the length of the room, obscuring
text: our view. Seconds later the curtains billow as Irina is
text: thrown against them. We watch as her shape is rolled along
text: the window by the force of Boris' blows. Finally the
text: billowing fabric settles. Moments later Boris opens the
text: curtains again and starts to dress. Irina lies on the bed.
scene_heading: 94A EXT. ISTANBUL - IRINA'S HOTEL - NIGHT 94A
speaker_heading: RICKI'S P.O.V.
text: Ricki watches the street below as Boris, Sergei and Ivan
text: exit the hotel, head for a night out.
text: Tarr pulls on his own jacket, grabs his knife.
dialog: 95 OMITTED 95
scene_heading: 96 EXT. ISTANBUL - NIGHT 96
text: IRINA'S P.O.V. - Her husband and the Minders are heading
text: for a row of gaudy nightclubs. And someway behind him,
text: Ricki Tarr, trailing.
text: She exhales a breath on the glass.
scene_heading: 96A EXT. ISTANBUL - NIGHT CLUB - NIGHT 96A
text: Tarr approaches the night club, glancing around quickly
text: before slipping inside.
scene_heading: 97 INT. ISTANBUL - NIGHT CLUB - NIGHT 97
text: Ricki Tarr enters. He scans the room for Boris, spotting
text: Tufty Thesinger at a table. He crosses towards him,
text: watching as Boris and the two minders are entertained by
dialog: the clubs hostesses.
text: Boris calls for more drinks, clutching a bundle of
dialog: currency.
speaker_heading: TUFTY THESINGER
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: This is going to be a long night.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: You baby-sit this one.
text: Ricki walks towards us.
scene_heading: 98 INT. ISTANBUL - IRINA'S HOTEL - NIGHT 98
text: Irina answers the door and finds Ricki Tarr outside.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: Your bloke's a bit of a bastard.
dialog: (Beat) Just wanted to check you
dialog: were alright.
text: She stares at him.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: There was something about her.
dialog: 99 OMITTED 99
scene_heading: 100 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - DAY - PRESENT 100
text: Tarr exhales smoke. Smiley studies him.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: You were due to fly home the next
dialog: day. What did you tell London?
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: Nothing. Didn't have anything to
dialog: tell yet. But... I could sense it
text: in her.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Sense what?
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: A secret.
scene_heading: 101 INT. ISTANBUL - GARAGE - DAY - PAST 101
text: Ricki Tarr is talking to a man. A sports car lies under a
text: sheet. The deal concluded, the man pulls back the sheet to
text: reveal the car.
scene_heading: 102 EXT. ISTANBUL - DOCKS - DAY 102
text: Irina is driving, exhilarated, free. Ricki Tarr is on the
text: back seat, sleeping.
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: 103 INT. ISTANBUL - WORKERS CANTEEN - DAY 103
text: A workers canteen on the Bosphorus. Tarr and Irina sit
dialog: drinking wine, talking.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (V.O.)
dialog: I played the businessman, Michael
dialog: Trench. A Holiday Romance. Thought
dialog: I'd take my time with it...
text: Tarr gently traces a bruise on Irina's arm.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But second date she made this open
dialog: play...
text: We see a growing attraction between them.
text: Irina and Tarr laughing, flirting. They move closer to one
dialog: another.
text: Tarr feels he is the master of this situation.
text: Suddenly Irina withdraws. She stares at him.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: I know what you are.
text: A long beat. Tarr waits her out.
speaker_heading: IRINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I would like to talk to your boss
dialog: Control. I have something to trade.
dialog: Something big. I want a new life in
dialog: the West.
text: Tarr desperately tries to stay looking calm.
speaker_heading: IRINA (CONT'D)
dialog: That is the deal. You tell them.
scene_heading: 103A INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - EVENING - PRESENT 103A
text: Smiley sits with his hooded, bored look, examining everything
dialog: carefully.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What made you so sure she wasn't
dialog: coat-trailing?
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: We've all got our strengths. And
dialog: weaknesses.
text: He flicks a look at the pile of Ann's letter, an insolent
text: smile.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (CONT'D)
dialog: Me, I know women. She said she had
dialog: a secret. The mother of all
dialog: secrets. Said she'd only tell
dialog: Control. She wanted to trade. New
dialog: life for her and her kids.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: She had children in Russia?
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: That's why they let her and Boris
dialog: out. So, I said I'd tell the
dialog: Circus.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: But you didn't?
text: Tarr's smile fades.
dialog: 104 OMITTED 104
scene_heading: 105 INT. ISTANBUL - TARR'S APARTMENT - DAY - PAST 105
text: Irina prowls the room.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (V.O.)
dialog: Wanted to find out more first. So,
dialog: I waited her out.
text: Tarr lounges by a window, smoking.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (CONT'D)
dialog: (Shrugging)
dialog: You can't expect them to jump at
dialog: every offer of service.(Beat.
dialog: Carefully) If they had more
dialog: information...
text: Irina doesn't answer, paces. Tarr lets his face harden.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, if you won't tell me more,
dialog: there's nothing I can do.
text: She stares at him.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: If I tell you, I'm putting my
dialog: life in your hands. The lives of
dialog: my children? Do you understand?
text: She walks slowly towards him, bends over, begins to whisper
text: in his ear.
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: 106 INT. ISTANBUL - TARR'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 106
text: The two make love, passionate, Irina trying to bind him to
text: her. Tarr responds, excited by her, now that she needs him.
text: We intercut their intense love-making with...
scene_heading: 107 INT. ISTANBUL - NIGHT CLUB - NIGHT 107
text: A drunk Boris groping a very young hostess on a dance
text: floor, his shirt undone. He starts to strip the girl of her
text: uniform, amused by her efforts to keep her clothes on. The
text: two minders clap in time to the music, encouraging him.
text: Boris grabs the girl by the hair, biting her neck,
text: laughing, eyes glazed with drink, barely able to stand...
text: The inane music blares on...
scene_heading: 108 INT. ISTANBUL - TARR'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 108
text: Silence. Tarr and Irina stare at each other. A long beat.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: Promise me you'll be careful. No
dialog: details to the Circus. Not until
dialog: we're safe.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: (genuine)
dialog: I promise.
scene_heading: 109 EXT. ISTANBUL - DAY 109
text: Tarr threads his way through the crowds of evening shoppers
text: and tourists, holding in his head the BIGGEST SECRET of his
text: career. There's something new on his face - AMBITION.
scene_heading: 110 EXT. ISTANBUL - IMPORT/EXPORT OFFICE - EVENING 110
text: We're gliding above the respectable front of a Business
text: OFFICE, through the RECEPTION - which maintains the cover
text: story of an Import/Export outfit...
text: ...over a back-room and through a STEEL DOOR to the CYPHER
text: ROOM beyond where we find a drunk TUFTY THESINGER watching
text: Tarr send a CODED MESSAGE.
speaker_heading: TUFTY THESINGER
dialog: You were supposed to have gone.
dialog: London stations's been on to me.
dialog: They want to know what the hell
dialog: you're doing.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: (without turning)
dialog: Fuck off.
scene_heading: 111 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - NIGHT - PRESENT 111
text: Smiley takes off his glasses and wipes them.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: And what did your message say,
dialog: Ricki?
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: Just that I had a Moscow Centre
dialog: trained hood wanting to defect.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What else?
text: Tarr looks at him. For the first time there's something
text: else behind his smile.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I understand how you felt. You
dialog: wanted to do something.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: I know what I am to the Circus.
dialog: One of the scalp-hunters. Someone
dialog: to give the dirty jobs to. I
dialog: wanted to bring this one in
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Yes. I quite see that.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: I said that she claimed to have
dialog: information crucial to the well-
dialog: being of the Circus.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (O.S)
dialog: And what else?
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: That she had information
dialog: concerning a Double Agent.
dialog: He colours.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (CONT'D)
dialog: I was just trying to... to get
dialog: the proper attention. (Beat) And
dialog: I told them to tell Mister
dialog: Guillam that this was the reason
dialog: I hadn't come home, not because
dialog: I'd defected or anything.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What happened next Ricki?
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: I waited for a reply.
scene_heading: 112 INT. ISTANBUL - IMPORT/EXPORT OFFICE - NIGHT - PAST 112
text: A tense Tarr sits waiting for a reply. It's dark outside.
text: Thesinger is asleep at his desk. The TICKER MACHINE begins
text: to rattle into life. Tarr jumps to it.
text: Tarr begins to decode the in-coming message on a one-time
dialog: pad.
dialog: INSERT - "We read you"
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (V.O.)
dialog: I waited hours but that was all
dialog: they sent. It didn't make sense.
dialog: Like they were stalling.
scene_heading: 113 EXT. ISTANBUL - TARR'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 113
text: Tarr stands staring across at Irina's hotel balcony with
text: binoculars.
scene_heading: 114 EXT. ISTANBUL - IRINA'S HOTEL - NIGHT 114
text: BORIS stands looking straight at him. The hint of a mocking
text: smile. Behind him we can just see SERGEI and IVAN sitting
text: in the room.
scene_heading: 115 INT. ISTANBUL - IRINA'S HOTEL - NIGHT 115
text: Boris turns from the balcony, exhaling smoke from a
text: cigarette, the faint smile still on his lips. He looks up,
text: his expression CHANGING.
scene_heading: 116 EXT. ISTANBUL - ALLEYWAY - DAWN 116
text: Tarr bolts down an alleyway.
scene_heading: 117 INT. ISTANBUL - IMPORT/EXPORT OFFICE - DAY 117
text: The door is ajar... a radio is playing LOUD POP MUSIC. Tarr
text: pauses on the threshold, senses alert. He takes out his
speaker_heading: KNIFE.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: 118 INT. ISTANBUL - IMPORT/EXPORT OFFICE - DAY 118
text: A fan stirs the dusty air. Tarr walks in and stops. Tufty
text: lies on the floor, in a pool of blood. He's been tortured,
text: one eye gouged out. The other manages to convey a rather
text: touching amazement at the violence worked on him. His throat
text: has been slit wide open. Tarr absorbs this, looks at the
text: knife in his own hand, turns and runs.
scene_heading: 119 INT. ISTANBUL - WORKERS CANTEEN - DAY 119
text: A desperate Tarr hurries towards a phone.
scene_heading: 120 INT. ISTANBUL - IRINA'S HOTEL - DAY 120
scene_heading: P.O.V. - BATHROOM THROUGH THE HALF-OPEN DOOR -
text: Irina enters the hotel room. She stops a moment, afraid.
text: Then she looks towards us.
speaker_heading: BATHROOM
text: Irina is backing out of the room. We catch a glimpse of the
text: BUTCHERED REMAINS of BORIS hanging from the shower rail, a
text: garroting wire around his neck. He's been tortured, the
text: shower curtain used to catch the pooling blood.
text: She BACKS AWAY across the room to the door, leaving a trail
text: of bloody footprints on the pale carpet.
text: She turns to the door, looks out of the SPY HOLE.
text: Her P.O.V. - two men, TINY DISTORTED FIGURES walking down
text: the corridor towards her.
text: The phone starts to RING. Irina glances at it, knowing it's
dialog: too late for her.
text: SPY-HOLE - The TWO FIGURES loom closer.
scene_heading: 121 INT. ISTANBUL - PORT AUTHORITY - DAY 121
text: P.O.V. - Crowds of people throng the busy port.
text: A paranoid Ricki watches from the back of the hall. He
text: notices a child react to something - follows his gaze...
text: TARR'S P.O.V. - behind glass panels - a glimpse of three men
text: wheeling a gurney - a bandaged figure upon it. Just before
text: the figure disappears, a hand moves a little...
text: Tarr watches Irina's departure, sick with guilt.
dialog: 55.
dialog: 122 OMITTED 122
scene_heading: 123 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - NIGHT - PRESENT 123
text: Tarr picks at a loose thread on his cuff, mind still back
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: They put her on a ship. That's
dialog: all I know. I've done a lot of
dialog: things Mister Smiley, but... I
dialog: don't know why... I keep thinking
dialog: about her. (Beat)
text: He smiles, almost bewildered by his own feelings.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (CONT'D)
dialog: She wasn't even my type. (Beat)
dialog: I want to get her out. I owe her
dialog: that.
text: He stands up abruptly, heading for the door.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Where are you going Ricki? You
dialog: said yourself, Karla will be
dialog: looking for you. I can take you
dialog: somewhere. Keep you safe.
text: Tarr's face twists with mirth.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: Who's going to keep you safe?
scene_heading: 124 INT. CIRCUS - LIFT SHAFT - DAY 124
text: We are peering down the lift shaft as new secrets are
text: winched towards us.
scene_heading: 125 INT. CIRCUS - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 125
text: Alleline sits in his baronial chair, alone in the room. He
text: looks what he is. A man who knows he's OUT OF HIS DEPTH.
text: Across from him the SAFE stands, an almost malignant
text: presence.
text: Alleline stares at it, a light film of sweat on his
text: forehead.
scene_heading: 126 INT. SQUASH CLUB - EVENING 126
text: A dark warren of corridors and glassed SQUASH COURTS
text: somewhere under-ground.
dialog: 56.
text: Alleline walks along the courts, new racquet in hand,
text: uncomfortable in his too- tight white shorts. He reaches a
text: court. Inside LACON and the MINISTER are playing a furious
dialog: game of squash.
scene_heading: 127 INT. SQUASH CLUB - EVENING 127
text: The three men stand talking within the transparent cube of
text: the court. Lacon and the Minister are still sweating from
text: their game. The Minister is smoking.
speaker_heading: OLIVER LACON
dialog: Percy has always resisted
dialog: suggestions of wider exploitation
dialog: of Witchcraft's intelligence.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Drop the bloody jargon, Lacon.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: I've refused to share Witchcraft
dialog: with our allies, so far,
dialog: Minister.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Greedy boy.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: My goal has been to establish his
dialog: track record beyond all doubt. I
dialog: think the time has come to
dialog: approach our American brothers-in-
text: arms.
text: The Minister considers this with some excitement, takes a
text: drag on his cigarette.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: You think they'll take us back
dialog: into bed?
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: I'm not interested in a one-off
dialog: trade. I want on-going access to
dialog: American intelligence.
text: This stops the Minister. He turns to face Alleline.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Do you think we can get it?
text: Alleline senses he has just risen several rungs. He slashes
text: inexpertly with his racquet.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: With Witchcraft on our side, I
dialog: think we can get anything we
dialog: bloody-well want.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. HAMPSTEAD PONDS - DAY 128
text: Smiley swims in the placid water. We hear music. The tinkle
text: of glasses from a happy Christmas party...
speaker_heading: CONTROL (O.S.)
dialog: (mock out-rage)
dialog: Percy?
scene_heading: 129 INT. CIRCUS - FIFTH FLOOR PARTY - NIGHT - PAST 129
dialog: - And we are back in the Circus.
text: We find Control - arm outstretched, finger pointing.
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: Percy. Did you do this?
text: A Christmas Party of the past. Control, at the height of
text: his powers, a punch glass in hand. Noise and music: the
text: normally earnest atmosphere of the Circus released in an
text: unexpectedly boisterous gathering.
speaker_heading: CONTROL (CONT'D)
dialog: You penny pinching Scot. Can you
dialog: not take a bloody order. No one
dialog: is to tamper with the recipe.
dialog: It's going to take us five hours
dialog: to get drunk on this piss water.
text: Alleline tries to smile.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: I followed the recipe.
text: He glances nervously at his wife, a vivacious alcoholic,
text: just beginning to make a show of herself. She puts a CROWN-
text: SHAPED party hat from the cracker onto Alleline's head. He
text: brushes it off, anxious not to appear the fool.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE (CONT'D)
dialog: (Muttering)
dialog: For God's sake Mary...
text: BILL HAYDON, wearing a crown from the cracker at a rakish
text: angle, appears in the nick of time, leads Alleline's wife out
text: for a dance, teasing the sullenness from her. They're good
text: dancers. Alleline relieved, crisis averted.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: 129A INT. CIRCUS - FIFTH FLOOR PARTY - NIGHT 129A
text: We find Smiley trapped in a conversation with an earnestly
text: drunk deb. Control raises his arm above the melee. He's
text: still at the punch bowl.
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: Smiley? Where's Ann? Get me a
dialog: lady of taste? Ann will sort it
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (grateful to get away
dialog: from the deb)
dialog: I'll go find her.
text: Smiley threads his way through the party, walking amongst
dialog: his colleagues, enjoying himself... Jerry Westerby and
text: Connie Sachs are arm in arm, singing along to a song - "The
dialog: Second Worst Spy in the World." They link Smiley to them
text: for a verse, others joining in around them. The song segues
text: into the Russian National Anthem. The crowd sing lustily,
text: many of them Russian-speaking, enjoying the chance to sing
dialog: with vigour.
text: Smiley walks on. Behind him the song ends to be replaced by
text: the CHARLIE RICH song we heard earlier.
dialog: His P.O.V. -
text: - One of the larger Mothers doubled up with laughter,
text: pulling a cracker with a flushed TOBY ESTERHASE, hopelessly
text: outweighed, but competitive to the finish.
text: - ROY BLAND with his plain wife, eyeing one of the pretty
text: debs as she dances by. A mother takes Smiley by the hand
text: and leads him briefly into the dance. Smiley takes a turn
text: with her, and extricates himself. Still smiling...
scene_heading: 130 INT. CIRCUS - FIFTH FLOOR PARTY - CORRIDOR - NIGHT 130
text: ... he walks down a dark corridor, the noise of the party
text: fading away behind him.
text: He stops seeing something in the shadows of an office. For
text: a moment he doesn't understand what he's seen.
speaker_heading: REVERSE
text: Two shapes locked in an embrace.
text: Smiley stands, nakedly absorbing the body blow. Then he
text: turns and walks back to the heat and noise of the party.
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: 131 EXT. HAMPSTEAD PONDS - DAY - PRESENT 131
text: Smiley and Guillam sit on a bench. Smiley has his towel,
text: hair wet from his swim.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: You look tired.
text: Smiley considers telling Guillam about Tarr's visit, but an
dialog: instinct for secrecy wins out.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Yes. I didn't sleep well. (Beat)
dialog: I want you to get something for
dialog: me, Peter. I need the duty
dialog: officer's log book for last
dialog: November. I'm sorry, but I'm
dialog: going to have to send you up a
text: floor, into the Lion's den.
dialog: (Beat) If you have the slightest
dialog: reservation...
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Is feeling sick to your stomach a
dialog: slight reservation?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: If you're caught, Peter, you
dialog: can't mention me. I'm sorry, but
dialog: you're alone.
text: Guillam nods. He gets up and walks quickly away. After a
text: moment a MAN rises from a nearby bench and saunters over.
dialog: It's Mendel.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: You're clean. Nothing on your
dialog: back. Nothing on your conscience.
scene_heading: 132 EXT. CIRCUS - MORNING 132
text: A LORRY roars past, wiping frame and revealing Guillam
text: arriving at the circus, carrying his briefcase. He springs
text: up the four steps.
scene_heading: 133 INT. CIRCUS - GROUND-FLOOR LOBBY - DAY 133
text: Guillam is at the security gate at the dingy lobby. The
text: security guard, Bryant, steps from his box. Beyond him is
text: the row of lifts.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Mister Guillam? How's the family?
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Fine, Bryant. Up to Registry
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Okay sir. Yellow one for the bag
dialog: sir.
text: Bryant stamps a PINK chit and hands it to Guillam, pulling
text: open the lift cage. He gives him a yellow slip for the bag.
text: Guillam climbs inside and begins to ascend, rattlingly
text: slowly. As Bryant's head disappears...
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Time you oiled this thing, isn't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: BRYANT (O.S.)
dialog: We keep asking...
text: Guillam examines the chit. He wipes his hands. For the
text: first time we realize how NERVOUS he is.
text: Polished shoes appear as they reach the floor, then the
text: uniform trousers of a short man. A self-important JANITOR.
text: Guillam steps out and the Janitor checks Guillam's pink and
text: yellow chit and motions him through a turnstile. Then he
text: stops him short. He gestures for Guillam to raise his arms.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: You're kidding?
speaker_heading: JANITOR PETE
dialog: New rules.
text: Guillam is briskly frisked.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Mind the jewels.
speaker_heading: JANITOR PETE
dialog: Pen and watch sir.
text: He holds up a box and Guillam hands him his fountain pen
dialog: and watch.
text: The search over Guillam sets off down the corridor,
text: unnerved by the task ahead - betraying his own kind.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON (O.S.)
dialog: What the hell are you doing up
dialog: here?
text: Guillam freezes. Then he turns. It's Bill Haydon standing
text: in a doorway, frowning at him over his spectacles. A
dialog: moment.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: You don't look pleased to see me,
dialog: Bill?
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: Why would I be? You bloody
dialog: pariah.
text: Then Bill grins, the grin transforming his face. Guillam
text: smiles back, relief mixing with real warmth.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON (CONT'D)
dialog: We like the Scalp-hunters to know
text: their place. On the second floor.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Doing some research. Makes a
dialog: change from sitting on my arse.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: Heard it was quiet down there.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: As the grave. When're you going
dialog: to give us something to do?
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: Haven't you heard? Technology's
dialog: the future. No need for you apes
dialog: anymore. I can get you a posting
dialog: to Northern Ireland if that helps
dialog: get the blood racing.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Thanks anyway. Stick to sitting
dialog: on my arse.
text: They've reached the end of the corridor. Haydon peels away,
text: a hand raised in farewell.
scene_heading: 134 INT. CIRCUS - READING ROOM - DAY 134
text: Guillam arrives at a counter which serves to block entry to
text: the vast archive of files beyond. A Janitor appears in the
text: entrance. He pushes a book towards Guillam to sign.
speaker_heading: JANITOR ALWYN
dialog: (re: Guillam's bag)
dialog: Want me to look after that for
dialog: you, Mister Guillam?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Thanks...
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: JANITOR ALWYN
dialog: Gotta give you a chit. The
dialog: Dolphin'll kill me if I don't.
dialog: New Rules.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: So, chit me.
text: The Janitor grins, slaps a chit on the bag, raises the
text: counter and Guillam enters.
scene_heading: 135 INT. CIRCUS - READING ROOM - DAY 135
text: A few researchers sit amongst stacks of files. Guillam is
text: filling out requisition slips. Behind the desk, a woman -
text: SAL - watches him.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: What you up to this weekend?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: (rakish)
dialog: Visiting aunts.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: I'll bet.
text: She takes the flimsy's from the back of the slips and posts
text: them into her desk.
speaker_heading: SAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Corridor D.
text: She hands him back the top copies.
speaker_heading: SAL (CONT'D)
dialog: The two-eights are halfway on
dialog: your right, the three-ones are
text: next alcove down.
scene_heading: 136 EXT. GARAGE - DAY 136
text: Mendel sits in his car, watching the garage fore-court. He
text: looks at his watch.
scene_heading: 137 INT. CIRCUS - ARCHIVE - DAY 137
text: The LIFT CAGE we saw earlier is being raised from the floor
text: by a Janitor at the winch. Another janitor is removing
dialog: files from it.
text: Radiating out from the lift cage are the shelves of files
text: that make up the reading room.
dialog: 63.
text: We find Guillam moving along the shelves reading the
text: fluorescent number cards. He takes a file out, leaving his
text: green slip in the brackets provided by each file. Guillam
text: looks across at his real objective...
text: A row of anonymous looking files on the next aisle - the
text: archived DUTY OFFICER'S LOG-BOOKS, spines bearing the year
dialog: and month they cover.
text: And in his way - a GIRL perched on a ladder, a MAN mending
text: a radiator. The Man turns round and stares straight at
text: Guillam. Suddenly he POINTS STRAIGHT AT HIM. For a moment
text: Guillam freezes, unnerved. Then he glances over his
text: shoulder and realises the Man is communicating with another
text: WORKMAN behind him.
text: Abruptly, Guillam walks over to the file and swaps it,
text: keeping the title close to his chest. He goes back to his
text: desk, a light film of sweat on his forehead.
text: He sits, a pencil clamped between his teeth, waiting...
text: From somewhere nearby comes the sound of a PHONE RINGING,
text: then being answered. Moments later...
speaker_heading: JANITOR ALWYN
dialog: (To Guillam)
dialog: Telephone sir.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: (as though distracted)
dialog: Oh to hell, who is it?
speaker_heading: JANITOR ALWYN
dialog: Outside line, sir. Someone rough.
dialog: The garage, I think, regarding
dialog: your car.
text: Guillam walks over to the counter, the stolen file hugged
text: to his chest.
text: A LOCKED BOX on a trolley is wheeled towards him and is
text: opened to reveal the OUTSIDE LINE TELEPHONE.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Hello? (Beat) Well, damn. Can't
dialog: you do the bloody repair?
scene_heading: 138 EXT. GARAGE - DAY 138
text: Mendel is using the office phone, an ELDERLY GERMAN
text: MECHANIC, stands outside guarding the office door. In the
text: background a POP TUNE is playing on the radio.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: Can't be done sir, you're going
dialog: to need a new gear box.
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: 139 INT. CIRCUS - READING ROOM - DAY 139
dialog: On Guillam...
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: At least get on to the main
dialog: dealers first...
scene_heading: 140 INT. CIRCUS - MONITOR ROOM - DAY 140
text: One of the Mothers is listening routinely in on the call,
text: TAPE SPOOLS revolving, recording the conversation. The POP
text: TUNE plays, insidiously working its way into her head. She
text: idly taps her pen along to the tune.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM (O.S.)
dialog: Have you got the number?
scene_heading: 141 INT. CIRCUS - READING ROOM - DAY 141
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Well, hold on...
text: He cups his hand over the mouthpiece...
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Alwyn? Chuck me the bag a
dialog: minute, will you?
text: Alwyn gets Guillam's bag and brings it over to him.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Alwyn goes back to his post. Guillam, still hugging the
text: phone, takes out a BEIGE file from his bag and switches it
text: with the one against his chest. He takes an address book
text: from the bag and finds a number.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM (CONT'D)
dialog: (Into phone)
dialog: 946-0335. OK? Thanks.
text: He hangs up, hands the bag back to Alwyn and steps back
dialog: into...
scene_heading: 142 INT. CIRCUS - READING ROOM - DAY 142
text: Guillam retraces his steps, placing his dummy file in the
text: pink stack, replacing the one he placed there in its
text: original shelf, remembering to take the green slip from the
dialog: bracket. It's done.
text: Guillam takes the green slip and hands it to Sal, who signs
text: it and puts it on its spike. Guillam turns.
dialog: 65.
text: TOBY ESTERHASE is standing in front of him. Unfriendly
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: Could we see you Peter?
text: For a second Guillam can't speak.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE (CONT'D)
dialog: Percy would like quite an urgent
dialog: word with you. Can you come now
dialog: to the fifth floor? That would be
dialog: so kind.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Of course.
text: Esterhase turns and Guillam, mind whirring, follows him
text: back out through the counter.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Alwyn, inspired)
dialog: You might just throw that into
dialog: the lift for me, mark it for the
dialog: second floor, save me filling out
dialog: more bloody chits?
speaker_heading: JANITOR ALWYN
dialog: Will do sir.
scene_heading: 143 INT. CIRCUS - FIFTH FLOOR - OUTSIDE ALLELINE'S OFFICE - DAY
dialog: 143
text: The Mothers sit over their typewriters as Guillam and
text: Esterhase walk through into the anteroom.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE (O.S.)
dialog: (shouting from the other
dialog: room)
dialog: Esterhase, I'll have no phone
dialog: calls, tell them...
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: The Chief will take no calls,
dialog: please, ladies...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (Muttering)
dialog: We can hear.
text: Toby holds the door open for Guillam.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: We are having a conference.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: 144 INT. CIRCUS - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 144
text: Alleline sits in the baronial chair, Bland at his left.
text: Haydon on his right. Esterhase trots over to his seat.
text: Guillam takes in the REPORT they all seem to have spread
text: out in front of them.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: (Reading)
dialog: Well now young Peter Guillam, are
dialog: you ready for me finally?
text: Guillam, affecting ease, leans against the wall.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you getting up to down
dialog: there these days, apart from
dialog: chasing our virgins...
text: Guillam catches a smirk from Esterhase - mocking him?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Couple of Arab ploys look quite
dialog: promising. Other than that,
dialog: getting quite good at ping-pong.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: Arabs... You can rent one but you
dialog: can't buy one. Right Bill?
text: He looks up from the report. Here it comes...
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE (CONT'D)
dialog: How's Ricki Tarr these days?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: (Not missing a beat)
dialog: Fine. We have tea at Fortnum's
dialog: every afternoon.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: I require the matter of your
dialog: discussion with Tarr.
text: Guillam shrugs.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: I'll tell him. He'll be thrilled.
text: Alleline lets the silence build, rather like a bad actor.
text: Everyone is staring at Guillam.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: What's that shrug for?
text: He SLAMS a hand on the desk, tea-cups rattling, a sudden
text: roar.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm talking to you about a
dialog: murderer. I'm talking to you
dialog: about a defector from your own
dialog: damn section! I'm accusing you of
dialog: consorting with an enemy agent
dialog: behind my back! Don't damn well
dialog: shrug at me! How'd you like a
dialog: term in prison?
text: Guillam's own temper comes to his rescue.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: But I haven't been seeing him! So
dialog: get your facts straight and get
dialog: OFF MY BACK!
text: A moment, while the room digests this. A relaxation of the
text: tension, as if he's passed some kind of test.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: So if I told you that Tarr had
dialog: recently arrived in Paris would
dialog: you be surprised?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Nothing would surprise me about
dialog: Tarr.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: And if I told you we happen to
dialog: know that thirty thousand pounds
dialog: mysteriously appeared in his bank
dialog: account last month, would that
dialog: surprise you?
text: This DOES shock Guillam, but he manages to hold on to his
text: sullen expression.
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Your man's a defector, Guillam.
dialog: Got turned by the opposition
dialog: months ago and now they've sent
dialog: him back to us!
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: PERCY ALLELINE
dialog: Never mind what for! To muddy the
dialog: water, that's what for! Spread a
dialog: whole lot of damn nonsense to get
dialog: us chasing our tails! The point
text: is this - he's heading for home.
dialog: The first peep from him you come
dialog: to the grown-ups, understood?
dialog: Anyone you see at this table. But
dialog: not another damn soul!
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: 145 INT. CIRCUS - CORRIDOR - DAY 145
text: Guillam is walking to the lifts, we note he is now carrying
text: his BAG. Behind him ROY BLAND is walking down the corridor.
text: He peels off, turning left, humming a tune to himself - the
text: same POP SONG that was playing at the garage in the
text: background of Guillam's call. Guillam reacts as he keeps on
text: walking, trying to work out if this MEANS SOMETHING. We
text: track with him as his anger and PARANOIA grow.
scene_heading: 146 EXT. GARAGE - DAY 146
text: Guillam drives down an alleyway full speed, screeches to a
text: halt as he reaches a group of children playing, edges past
text: them and on into the car body repair shop. He gets and
text: strides past the elderly GERMAN MECHANIC we saw earlier.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: (German, subtitled)
dialog: He's waiting for you.
text: Guillam strides on, nerves at snapping point, to the other
text: end of the workshop where a Vauxhall waits.
text: Behind him the Mechanic and his SON are already beginning
text: to strip the plates off Guillam's car.
scene_heading: 147 EXT. GARAGE - DAY 147
text: Mendel appears by Guillam's side as they walk towards
text: another waiting car, Guillam simmering with rage.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: (A faint smile)
dialog: All go smoothly did it? (Beat)
dialog: Where we off to?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: The hotel. I have to see George.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: Mister Smiley isn't at the hotel,
dialog: sir. Change of venue.
scene_heading: 148 INT. CONTROL'S FLAT - DAY 148
text: Tarr sits in Control's green velvet armchair watching TV.
text: There's a large tape recorder on the table behind him. We
text: hear the door to the flat opening.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM (O.S.)
dialog: George?
dialog: 69.
text: Guillam hurries into the room, stops, seeing Tarr. Tarr
text: gives his sunny grin but he's sweating, his eyes full of
text: tension.
speaker_heading: TARR
dialog: Hello, Mister Guillam, sorry I
dialog: took so long to come back.
text: Guillam punches him in the face, drags him from the chair,
text: the two struggling.
text: Behind them Smiley and Fawn appear. Smiley watches coolly
text: for a moment then signals Fawn, who drags Guillam off Tarr,
text: expertly pinning his arm.
speaker_heading: FAWN
dialog: Excuse me, sir.
text: Guillam pulls free angrily.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Ricki's been helping us Peter.
dialog: (Indicating TAPE DECK) He's been
dialog: telling us all about his
dialog: adventures.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: (To Smiley)
dialog: He's a double, George! There is
dialog: no Mole! The whole thing's a pack
dialog: of lies thought up by Moscow.
dialog: Karla's bought him for thirty
dialog: thousand pounds!
text: He pulls the LOG BOOK out of his file.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM (CONT'D)
dialog: (To Tarr)
dialog: I stole that, because of you! I
dialog: spied on my own. Do you know how
dialog: that makes me feel?
text: Smiley holds out his hand for the log book.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: As you did take the trouble to
dialog: steal it...
text: Guillam hands him the book and Smiley leafs through the
dialog: pages.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ricki, you said you sent the
dialog: Circus a telegram concerning
dialog: Irina's information?
text: Tarr sits up, wiping blood from his mouth.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: (Sullenly)
dialog: S'right.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What was the date?
text: Tarr hesitates, considering.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: He doesn't know because there was
dialog: no telegram! The whole thing...
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: November 20th. It would have been
dialog: November 20th. Evening.
text: Smiley has found the right month. He flicks through the
dialog: dated pages - 18th November, 19th November...
text: He holds up the book - the next page has been cut out.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: November 20th is missing. (Beat)
dialog: Someone is covering their tracks
dialog: Peter. Unless you think that's
dialog: just a coincidence?
text: Guillam looks thrown.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: What about the money?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Thirty thousand isn't so much for
dialog: Karla to pay if it protects his
dialog: Mole. I'm afraid someone in the
dialog: Circus knows all about Mister
dialog: Tarr and is doing everything they
dialog: can to discredit him.
text: Guillam takes the log book from Smiley, runs a thumb down
text: the razored edge of the missing page. He notices some
text: writing on the next page.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: (Reading)
dialog: "Enquiries to the fifth floor."
text: Smiley takes the book again, examines the note.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: You recognize that handwriting?
dialog: (Beat) That's Toby Esterhase.
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: 149 EXT. HOTEL ISLAY - EVENING 149
text: Smiley and Guillam pull up in front of the hotel. They sit,
text: in weary silence, staring up at the unprepossessing
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Why didn't you tell me? That you
dialog: had Tarr?
text: Smiley looks at him. Guillam reads the look correctly.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM (CONT'D)
dialog: In case I didn't make it out of
dialog: the Circus...
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Secrecy is a habit.
text: Guillam rubs his eyes.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: I should get some rest. And I
dialog: suppose you should get your
text: reading done.
text: Smiley nods. Doesn't move.
scene_heading: 150 INT. HOTEL ISLAY - SMILEY'S ROOM - NIGHT 150
text: The two men are finishing off a bottle of Scotch.
text: Unusually, Smiley is drunk - a result of the alcohol and
text: the lack of sleep.
text: Guillam lies on one of the single beds, staring at the
text: PHOTOGRAPHS of the four suspects Smiley has pinned on his
dialog: chessmen.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: I wanted to believe Tarr was
dialog: lying. (Beat) All this time,
dialog: thinking I'm fighting a war. It's
dialog: a sham. Karla won years ago and
dialog: we didn't even know it.
text: Smiley watches Guillam, estimating how badly all of this is
text: affecting him.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: I met him once. Karla.
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: In fifty-five. Moscow Centre was
dialog: in pieces. Purge after purge.
dialog: Half their Agents were jumping
dialog: ship and I travelled around
dialog: signing them up. Hundreds of
dialog: them.
text: Guillam raises himself up on an elbow, listening.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: One of them was calling himself
dialog: Gerstmann. He was on his way back
dialog: to Russia, and we were pretty
dialog: sure he was going to be executed.
dialog: Plane had a twenty-four lay over
dialog: at Delhi, and that's how long I
dialog: had to convince him to come over
dialog: to us instead of going home to
dialog: die.
text: Smiley stares at the room around, projecting his memory of
text: the Delhi cell onto their present surroundings.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Little room...I'm sitting
text: here...he's sitting there...
text: He points to an EMPTY CHAIR in front of him.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: The Americans have had him
dialog: tortured.
text: He holds up his right hand.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: No fingernails. It's incredibly
dialog: hot. I'm very tired and all I
dialog: want to do is get this over with
dialog: and get back home. Things weren't
dialog: going well with Ann.
text: Guillam flinches a little, but Smiley doesn't notice, lost
dialog: now in the past.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I give him the usual pitch...
dialog: Come to the West and we can give
dialog: you a comfortable life. After
dialog: questioning. Or you can catch
dialog: your plane and fly home and be
dialog: shot, like Bykov, Shur,
dialog: Muranov...
text: He stares at the CHAIR as if expecting an answer, and
text: slightly drunkenly Guillam finds himself turning to the
text: CHAIR for a response.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: What did he say?
text: Smiley doesn't answer - STARES AT THE CHAIR - the silence
text: stretching - it's all becoming a little surreal.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (To the chair)
dialog: Think of your wife. You have a
dialog: wife, don't you? I brought you
dialog: some cigarettes, by the way.
text: He mimes placing cigarettes on an invisible table, between
text: him and the chair.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Use my lighter.
text: He mimes placing the lighter beside the cigarettes.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: "We could arrange for her to join
dialog: you, we have a lot of stock to
dialog: trade. If you go back, she'll be
dialog: ostracised. Think of her. Think
dialog: about how much she..."
text: He breaks off in sudden impatience with himself.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Kept harping on about the damn
dialog: wife! Telling him more about me,
dialog: than... Should have walked out,
dialog: of course, but for some reason...
dialog: it seemed important to save this
dialog: one. (Beat) So I go on. "Know
dialog: you're a chain-smoker, help
dialog: yourself," "We're not so very
dialog: different you and I.."
text: He makes a vague "Etcetera" gesture, stares at...
speaker_heading: THE EMPTY CHAIR
text: ... something unsettling about it, as if somehow it is
text: acquiring the GHOSTLY PRESENCE OF KARLA.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (To the chair)
dialog: Look, we've both spent our lives
dialog: looking for the weaknesses in one
dialog: another's systems. Don't you
dialog: think it's time to recognise
dialog: there is as little worth on your
dialog: side as there is on mine?
dialog: 74.
text: Silence. Smiley sits back, dropping the game.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Never said a word. Not one word.
dialog: Next morning he got back on his
dialog: plane, gave the pack of
dialog: cigarettes back to me, untouched -
dialog: this was a chain-smoker, mind -
dialog: and flew off to what he presumed
dialog: would be his death. He kept my
dialog: lighter. It was a gift - "To
dialog: George, from Ann. All my love."
text: Guillam is still staring at the chair, a little awe-struck.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: That was Karla? And he flew back
dialog: to die rather than give in?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Yes. (Beat) And that's how I know
dialog: he can be beaten. Because he's a
dialog: fanatic. And the fanatic is
dialog: always concealing a secret doubt.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: What did he look like?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: That's the thing. (Beat) I can't
dialog: remember.
text: He stands up, crosses to the window, embarrassed by what he
dialog: has to say next.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: After today, Peter you have to
dialog: assume they're watching you. If
dialog: there's anything you need tidied
dialog: up... now's the time.
text: Guillam stares at him, realising what he's talking about.
scene_heading: 151 INT. GUILLAM'S FLAT - NIGHT 151
text: Guillam and his boyfriend RICHARD sit at the table, Richard
text: working his way through a stack of essays. Guillam stares
text: at him.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: Nearly done.
text: He scores a red line down a piece of work.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: For Godsakes... I think they're
dialog: all sharing the same moronic
dialog: brain.
text: He notices the way Guillam is staring at him and his smile
text: fades.
text: LATER:
text: RICHARD, bewildered and upset, is packing his belongings.
text: He walks past Guillam, stops.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: (With dignity)
dialog: If there's someone else, you can
dialog: tell me. I'm a grown-up.
text: Guillam doesn't say anything. Richard puts the flat keys on
text: the side table and leaves.
text: Guillam, stares after his one time lover, heart-broken.
scene_heading: 152 EXT. THURSGOOD SCHOOL - DAY 152
text: Prideaux's BLUE ALVIS bumps and jolts towards us across the
text: playing fields, an exhilarated ROACH at the wheel.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: (Braking)
dialog: Time sir?
text: Prideaux and the rest of the class stand at the "finishing
text: line," but Prideaux is staring down to a line of beech-
text: trees, where a MAN is walking. It's MENDEL.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: Got your specs on Jumbo?
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: Who's the fellow down there?
text: Roach stares at the stranger eagerly.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: (Disappointed)
dialog: Don't know sir.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: Who is he? Beggarman? Thief? Why
dialog: doesn't he look this way?
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX (CONT'D)
dialog: Wouldn't you look if you saw a
dialog: bunch of boys flogging a car
dialog: around a field? Doesn't he like
dialog: boys? Anyone sees him again, let
dialog: me know. Don't hold with odd bods
dialog: hanging about. Might steal the
dialog: Alvis, which is...?
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: (By rote)
dialog: Best car in England!
text: They dissolve into laughter, but Roach is still anxiously
text: watching Prideaux, noting how his expression has darkened.
dialog: 153 OMITTED 153
scene_heading: 154 INT. CIRCUS - SCALPHUNTERS - POOL TABLE - DAY 154
text: Belinda, the deb we met earlier, is doing up her blouse.
text: She's teary and also a little excited that men are fighting
text: over her.
speaker_heading: BELINDA
dialog: Stop it! Stop it!
text: KASPAR has Guillam pinned against the wall and is punching
text: him. Guillam accepts the blows with a bloody grin. Something
text: of the school yard fight about it, as the other Scalphunters
text: gather around, ostensibly to break it, up but clearly
text: enjoying the distraction. One of them is trying to pull
text: Kaspar off and, caught by a blow, joins in - the fight
text: escalating as others join in the struggle.
speaker_heading: KASPAR
dialog: Keep your bloody hands off her!
text: He kicks at Guillam, who falls. Belinda gives a shriek of
text: alarm.
speaker_heading: SCALPHUNTER
dialog: Christ's sake, don't fight over a
dialog: bit of skirt!
text: Guillam lies on the floor taking another kick, but his face,
text: turned to us, registers only relief. Job done.
scene_heading: 155 EXT. CASINO - DAY 155
text: Bright morning sunshine. Smiley and Guillam walk up
text: concrete steps of a casino building - very modern,
dialog: imposing.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Haven't seen many of the boys and
dialog: girls for a while, matter of
dialog: fact.
scene_heading: 156 INT. CASINO - CASINO FLOOR - DAY 156
text: Smiley, Guillam and the genial JERRY WESTERBY are sat at a
text: blackjack table. The casino is empty, a cleaner vacuums in
text: the background.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY
dialog: But that's the way it is, George,
dialog: isn't it? When you're out, you're
dialog: out. Too much of this stuff.
text: He points to a drink on the table before him.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY (CONT'D)
dialog: (An old joke between them)
dialog: Too much wampum not good for
dialog: braves. How.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Obliging)
dialog: How. (Beat) I need to talk to you
dialog: about the night Jim Prideaux was
dialog: killed, Jerry. You were duty
dialog: officer, weren't you?
text: Westerby looks at them both.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY
dialog: Yes. Control asked me to man the
dialog: phones that night. Said someone was
dialog: doing a special job for the
dialog: service. He wanted someone from
dialog: outside he could trust. If anything
dialog: came in, I was to tell him and only
dialog: him.
scene_heading: 157 INT. CIRCUS - EVENING - PAST 157
text: Westerby walks down the corridor. We pass OFFICES - drawers
text: pulled open, waste paper bins standing on desks - the end
dialog: of day ritual.
scene_heading: 158 INT. CIRCUS - DUTY OFFICERS ROOM - NIGHT 158
text: Westerby is following a horse race on the radio. A dirty
text: plate in front of him. He drinks from a can of beer.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: 159 INT. CIRCUS - DUTY OFFICERS ROOM - NIGHT 159
text: Westerby is asleep. The Circus is deathly quiet, nothing
dialog: stirring. Then...
text: A PHONE BEGINS TO RING.
scene_heading: 160 INT. CIRCUS - CONTROL'S OFFICE - NIGHT 160
text: Control sits surrounded by files. A dim green lamp on his
text: desk the only illumination. He looks ill, tense with
text: waiting. Cigarette stubs piled in the ashtray.
text: He listens to the solitary PHONE below him in the building.
text: Then it is joined by a SECOND. Then a THIRD...
text: Control listens, nerves stretched to their limit. From just
text: outside - the sound of someone running up the wooden
text: staircase. A knock.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY
dialog: (Entering)
dialog: Been a bit of a panic, sir.
text: Control raises his head.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY (CONT'D)
dialog: From the FO resident clerk... A
dialog: Hungarian news bulletin, sir.
dialog: (Reading) British spy, work-name
dialog: Ellis, travelling with false
dialog: Hungarian papers, has attempted
dialog: to kidnap an unnamed Hungarian
dialog: general in Budapest. He's been
dialog: shot, other arrests imminent...
text: Control stares at him, stands unsteadily, begins to put on
text: his coat.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I have a brief, please? Sir?
dialog: Do you want me to deny it?
text: Controls stares at him, lost.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to have a brief sir?
scene_heading: 161 INT. CIRCUS - DUTY OFFICERS ROOM - NIGHT 161
text: Westerby is on the phone.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY
dialog: Ann? I'm sorry to bother you. Is
dialog: George back yet?
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: 162 INT. CASINO - CASINO FLOOR - NIGHT - PRESENT 162
text: Westerby and Smiley sit opposite each other.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: You rang my house?
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY
dialog: Just on the off chance you were
dialog: back from Berlin.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY
dialog: Just that there'd been a bit of a
dialog: crisis. She said you weren't back
dialog: yet. That was it.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY
dialog: All hell broke loose - military
dialog: yelling about Hungarian tank
dialog: movements on the border, Lacon
dialog: and the Minister baying at the
dialog: door. Thank Christ Bill Haydon
dialog: turned up when he did.
scene_heading: 163 INT. CIRCUS - NIGHT - PAST 163
text: PUSHING BILL HAYDON as he walks up the corridor towards the
text: duty room, cutting a swathe through the people gathered
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: Get out.
text: The room clears.
text: Bill sits down. He pulls out all the phone lines, decisive,
text: taking charge. Kicks the door shut.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY
dialog: I tried to get hold of you...
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: I just picked up half a story on
dialog: the ticker-tape at my club...
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY
dialog: Jim Prideaux's been shot.
dialog: 80.
text: Haydon goes white.
speaker_heading: HAYDON
dialog: Get me the Hungarian Embassy.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY
dialog: (With relief)
dialog: Yes sir...
text: LATER:
text: Haydon is on the phones.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: You go and tell your Masters what
dialog: will happen if one hair on Jim
text: Prideaux's head is damaged...
text: He covers the receiver, turns to Westerby.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON (CONT'D)
dialog: Get Esterhase on the phone. Tell
dialog: him to pull in the Hungarian
dialog: agents, anyone we're onto. Tell him
dialog: to get down to the London School of
dialog: Economics, sandbag some bloody
dialog: students and put them on ice at
dialog: Sarratt.
text: LATER:
text: Westerby watches Haydon on the phone from the door. Haydon
text: listens to a voice for a moment, then hangs up. He stands,
text: his back to Westerby.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY
dialog: Any more news on him?
text: Haydon doesn't turn around, head bowed.
speaker_heading: JERRY WESTERBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Bill? (Beat) Oh God, is he...?
text: For a moment it looks like Haydon won't answer but then he
text: seems to master his emotions.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: We need to go to his flat. Clear
dialog: out anything linked.
scene_heading: 164 INT. PRIDEAUX'S FLAT - NIGHT 164
text: Haydon walks around the neat rooms. A bike up on the wall,
text: a pair of muddy climbing boots on a newspaper, waiting to
text: be cleaned. Haydon walks past a shelf - photographs and
text: books. He stops, picks up an unframed black and white snap
text: from the shelf. It's a picture of HIMSELF.
dialog: 81.
text: Haydon stands with his back to us, possibly crying. Westerby
text: turns thoughtfully away.
dialog: 165 OMITTED 165
dialog: 166 OMITTED 166
scene_heading: 167 INT. LONDON - WIMPY - NIGHT 167
text: Smiley and Guillam sit eating side by side at a bar, Smiley
text: examining the hamburger - his first - doubtfully. Guillam
text: is thinking about what he's just been told.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Haydon heard the news at his
dialog: club?
dialog: Smiley is distant...
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: The Saville.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: At one-thirty? The ticker-tape
dialog: wouldn't be running.
text: Guillam sits, mind racing.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM (CONT'D)
dialog: So how did he know? Oh Jesus,
dialog: George...
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Peter...
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Jesus Christ. Haydon? How could
dialog: he have known?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: It's not him, Peter.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Then how did he know?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Because he was at my house that
dialog: night. With Ann.
text: Guillam doesn't know what to say. They sit in a hideously
text: awkward silence.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (of the Hamburger)
dialog: I quite like this.
scene_heading: 167A INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT - PAST 167A
text: The phone on the nightstand starts to ring. A woman's hand
text: reaches into frame and picks it up.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh hello Jerry. No I'm afraid
dialog: George isn't back yet.
text: In the bed beside her we see Bill Haydon.
scene_heading: 168 EXT. LONDON STREETS - NIGHT 168
text: A black Cab pulls up at the lights. Another black cab pulls
text: alongside it. The two drivers acknowledge each other,
text: chatting as the lights change to RED, but in no hurry to
dialog: move.
text: An impatient woman passenger flicks a look at the passenger
text: in the opposite cab, wanting to share this moment of
dialog: passenger outrage.
text: We see ALLELINE'S profile staring stonily ahead.
text: We follow his cab as it peels off into a FAMILIAR street,
text: driving towards the house where we met Polyakov.
scene_heading: 169 EXT. HAMPSTEAD PONDS - DAY 169
text: Smiley slips into the water. It's late afternoon. Very
text: still and calm. Very few swimmers. Smiley's head breaks the
text: surface, dips in, breaks the surface...
scene_heading: 170 EXT. HAMPSTEAD PONDS - DAY 170
text: Smiley sits on a platform with his back to us, drying off
text: from his swim, looking out over the water. A MAN'S HEAD
text: appears, swimming up to the platform through the reeds. An
text: old QUEEN, his face almost purple with the cold. He clings
text: to the edge of the platform for a moment.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Just in case it's of interest,
dialog: dear. We are observed. Old Filth
dialog: in the bushes. Not very subtle
dialog: but there you are...
dialog: 83.
text: He swims away. The wind lifts up a little, rustling the
text: trees and bushes around the pond. We stay on Smiley,
dialog: watched and alone.
dialog: 171 OMITTED 171
dialog: 172 OMITTED 172
speaker_heading: 173 OMITTED 173
scene_heading: 174 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - DAY 174
text: Smiley walks into his hallway, picks up the MAIL piled on
text: the floor. He crosses to the drawing room, still looking at
dialog: the mail.
text: The door is a little ajar and through the opening we catch
text: a FLASH of movement in the room beyond - a COUPLE in a
text: passionate embrace, glimpsed for a moment before they
text: disappear out of sight. We can hear what may be their love-
text: making. And a RECORD IS PLAYING. The same CHARLIE RICH
dialog: track Smiley reacted to in the Islay Hotel.
text: Smiley stares at the mail in his hand as if unwilling to
text: look up.
text: He pushes open the door and moves into...
scene_heading: 175 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - DAY 175
text: ... which is EMPTY. He sits in an armchair, starts opening
dialog: some letters.
text: A FIGURE walks past Smiley abruptly. Smiley doesn't look
text: up.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON (O.S.)
dialog: Good flight?
text: Smiley looks up.
text: BILL HAYDON sits in the armchair opposite in shirt and
text: trousers, SOCKS, NO SHOES. He sips a cup of tea. No sense
dialog: of having been caught in an act of adultery.
scene_heading: 176 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - DAY - PAST 176
text: BACK ON SMILEY
text: ... who is now wearing a raincoat and we realise we are in
dialog: fractured memories of...
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: THE PAST
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Yes. Pleasant enough.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: I was just passing, thought I'd
dialog: call in. Ann was in bed but she
dialog: insisted on getting up. She said
dialog: she'll be down in a minute.
text: Smiley glances at a half-wrapped oil painting lying against
text: a chair.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON (CONT'D)
dialog: That's what I'm dropping off.
scene_heading: 177 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - DAY 177
text: Smiley stands in front of the muddy-looking abstract
text: painting we saw earlier. It's now on the wall.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON (O.S.)
dialog: Awful daub really but Ann
dialog: expressed a liking... What's
dialog: keeping her?
text: We hold on Smiley but hear Haydon leave the room, a
text: WHISPERED CONFERENCE in the hall between Haydon and Ann.
text: P.O.V. - FROM THE DOOR - George with his back to us, staring
text: fixedly at the picture, listening to the whispers behind his
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: 178 OMITTED 178
scene_heading: 178A INT. PRIDEAUX'S CARAVAN - EVENING 178A
text: Prideaux lies on his bed. There is a tap at the door.
speaker_heading: ROACH (O.S.)
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: JIM PRIDEAUX
dialog: Come in, Roach.
text: Roach walks in.
speaker_heading: JIM PRIDEAUX (CONT'D)
dialog: Thought you were in sick bay? What
dialog: are you...
text: He stops, seeing the anxiety on the boy's face.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: JIM PRIDEAUX (CONT'D)
dialog: What is it, Jumbo?
speaker_heading: ROACH
text: Sir there's a stranger parked down
text: on the road. He's just sitting
dialog: there.
text: He dissolves into tears. Prideaux crouches beside him.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: (Gently)
dialog: It's alright, old fella. Don't cry.
dialog: Nobody ever watched like you, did
dialog: they? Off you go, now.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: Are you going to have to leave?
text: Prideaux stares at him.
speaker_heading: JIM PRIDEAUX
dialog: I'll be fine. You get back to bed.
text: Roach wipes his eyes and leaves. As soon as the door is
text: closed Prideaux crawls under the little chest of drawers,
text: grimacing with pain, working an arm further in...
text: There is a FAINT SOUND - SOMEONE ON THE STEPS OUTSIDE.
text: With a final effort Prideaux rips his RIFLE free from its
text: hiding place, still trailing tape, and rolls to face the
text: door, gun in hand. Silence. Then...
text: A KNOCK AT THE DOOR. Prideaux aims the gun...
text: The door opens...
speaker_heading: 179 OMITTED 179
scene_heading: 180 INT. CONTROL'S FLAT - NIGHT - PAST 180
text: ... to reveal Control peering out at us. He steps aside and
text: allows a PRE-INJURY Prideaux to enter.
scene_heading: 181 INT. CONTROL'S FLAT - NIGHT 181
text: The flat Smiley visited. Control leads Prideaux into the
text: same room - the green armchair, surrounded by mounds of
text: files and papers, over-flowing ashtrays, the detritus of an
text: obsession. The FIVE PHOTOGRAPHS of FACES fixed to the CHESS
text: PIECES before him.
text: Control, a walking corpse, lowers himself into the
text: armchair, motions Prideaux to take another seat.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: You weren't followed?
text: Prideaux sits, presuming the question is rhetorical.
speaker_heading: CONTROL (CONT'D)
dialog: Trust no-one, Jim. Especially not
dialog: in the main stream. What
dialog: Hungarian identities do you still
dialog: have running?
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: Andras Benedek, Hungarian
dialog: journalist based in Paris.
text: Control nods thoughtfully. Then...
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: If you're caught, you keep me out
dialog: of it. You were acting alone, bit
dialog: of Private Enterprise.
dialog: Understood?
text: Prideaux watches him, very still.
speaker_heading: CONTROL (CONT'D)
dialog: I've had an offer of service. A
dialog: Hungarian General. Wants to come
dialog: over. I want you to meet him. He
dialog: has information I need, Jim.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: What information?
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: Rocketry. Ballistics. Bit of
dialog: politics.
text: Something in his manner alerts Prideaux.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: CONTROL
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Treasure. He has treasure. The
dialog: name of the Mole Moscow Centre
dialog: has planted at the top of the
dialog: Circus.
text: Prideaux's face doesn't change, but he's wondering if the
dialog: rumours could be true and Control really has gone mad.
speaker_heading: CONTROL (CONT'D)
dialog: There's a rotten apple Jim and we
dialog: have to find it.
text: Laboriously he leans forward to the CHESS SET.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTROL (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm so close I can almost feel
text: his heart beating. I know it's
dialog: one of five men. All I want from
dialog: you is one word.
text: He points to the PHOTOGRAPH of PERCY ALLELINE.
speaker_heading: CONTROL (CONT'D)
dialog: Alleline - Tinker. (Points at the
dialog: next photo) Haydon - Tailor.
dialog: Bland - Soldier. We drop Sailor,
dialog: it's too close to Tailor.
dialog: (Pointing at next photo)
dialog: Esterhase - Poorman.
scene_heading: 182 INT. PRIDEAUX'S CARAVAN - NIGHT - PRESENT 182
text: Prideaux sits with his visitor - Smiley - recalling the
text: meeting. He's drinking vodka.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Which means I was...?
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: You were Beggarman.
text: Smiley nods. Just a flicker of the eyes shows us that this
text: is painful for him to hear.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What did you make of it, Jim?
dialog: Control's theory?
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: (Stiff)
dialog: I thought it was madness. To
dialog: think any one of you could have
dialog: been a traitor... madness.
text: Smiley is watching him intently - sure he's hiding
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: But still you went? Risking your
dialog: life for a mission you thought
dialog: was absurd? Why?
text: Prideaux doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Perhaps some part of you wanted to
dialog: know if Control was right? Wanted
dialog: to know if there was a Mole, who it
dialog: might be?
text: Prideaux shoots him a dangerous look.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: (Hard)
dialog: I went because Control asked me to
dialog: go. It's called doing one's duty.
scene_heading: 183 INT. BUDAPEST - TRAIN STATION - DAY - PAST 183
text: Prideaux climbs off his train and walks down the platform
text: towards us. He pauses for a moment, drawing a Hungarian
text: newspaper from his pocket. As he does so he glances at the
text: other passengers walking past him. TWO WOMEN and a MAN, all
text: apparently travelling alone, the SHOES they're wearing -
text: BROWN SUEDE BOOTS, FUR LINED BLACK PLASTIC BOOTS and the
text: man - a pair of BLACK GALOSHES.
text: Prideaux walks on, tapping the paper against his leg.
scene_heading: 184 INT. BUDAPEST - GALERIA - DAY 184
text: The scene from the opening of the film. The Waiter puts
text: down Prideaux's plate, a drop of sweat from his forehead
text: hitting the table. He looks at the droplet, fakes a smile
text: for the Magyar, looks after the Waiter, scans the floor
text: around him...
text: HIS P.O.V. - There it is - one of the women is wearing the
text: BLACK PLASTIC BOOTS. Her coat is different and she's
text: wearing a fur hat now - but the shoes are the one thing the
dialog: surveillance agents don't have time to change.
text: Prideaux glances up at the apartment windows above, sees
text: the old woman, starts to rise... as we CUT TO:
dialog: The SHOT -
text: ... punching into his back, Prideaux falling forward... as
text: we CUT TO:
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX'S P.O.V.
text: Those shoes again, stepping in the water and blood on the
text: floor, passing us at eye-level. Grouping and regrouping as
text: the operation comes to an end. The noise in the background
text: comes to us muted and very faint. Faintly, a baby is
text: crying, an ambulance siren is wailing.
text: Hands appear and we are rolled onto a stretcher and lifted
text: up to chest level where we seem to FLOAT past the faces of
text: the MAGYAR and the other Officers, smoking cigarettes by
text: the doors, and out towards the open doors of a waiting
dialog: ambulance.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: 185 INT. BUDAPEST - GALERIA - DAY 185
text: We are slid into the back of the ambulance as though into
text: the drawers of a morgue. And snap to BLACK.
scene_heading: 186 INT. LUBYANKA PRISON - CELL - DAY 186
text: We are looking at the back of Prideaux's head, hair damp
text: with sweat, shoulders trembling.
text: We PULL OUT and find Prideaux, a filthy dressing covering
text: the wound on his back. The cell he is in has filthy,
text: heavily padded walls, like a straitjacket. From a speaker
text: in the ceiling comes a maddening jagged drone. Lights blaze
dialog: down...
speaker_heading: SMILEY (V.O.)
dialog: What did you tell them?
scene_heading: 187 INT. LUBYANKA PRISON - CORRIDOR - DAY 187
text: Prideaux, in too much pain to walk, is being dragged down a
text: brightly lit corridor towards an INTERROGATION ROOM at the
text: far end.
text: He is taken inside, the door closed behind him.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX (V.O.)
dialog: Everything.
scene_heading: 188 INT. THURSGOOD SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - NIGHT - PRESENT 188
text: Smiley stands staring at the OWL Prideaux killed, which is
text: now stuffed, keeping guard from the top of a bookshelf.
text: Prideaux sits at a desk drinking the vodka.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: I held on as long as I could, to
dialog: give everyone else time to get
dialog: the hell out of there. (Beat) Did
dialog: they?
text: Smiley seems to have been thinking about something else,
text: looks at him, puzzled.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX (CONT'D)
dialog: My networks in Hungary. Did they
dialog: get out?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: No. They were blown. The story is
dialog: you blew them to save your own
text: skin.
dialog: 90.
text: Prideaux nods, makes an odd gesture as if he's about to
text: rise, but doesn't move. His expression hasn't changed, but
text: inside him something has just been decided.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: What was your last line of
dialog: defence?
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: The Mole. Control's crazy theory.
dialog: I was going to bury that so deep,
dialog: they'd never get it out of me.
dialog: Which was a joke.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: Because they already knew. They
dialog: wanted to know how far Control
dialog: had got in his investigation.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: Circus gossip. Was Percy's wife
dialog: still drinking, who was Bland
dialog: screwing in the office. That sort
dialog: of thing.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Did they ask about me at all?
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: One of them did.
text: Smiley becomes very still.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What did he say about me?
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: He had a cigarette lighter. Kept
dialog: flashing it round for me to see.
dialog: Showed me the inscription.
dialog: "To George, from Ann. All my
dialog: love." He reckoned after Bill's
dialog: fling with her, she might want to
dialog: change the inscription.
text: Smiley doesn't flicker.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX (CONT'D)
dialog: (Still looking to the
dialog: side)
dialog: I told him to go to hell.
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX (CONT'D)
dialog: If they had one man like Bill
dialog: Haydon they could call it set and
dialog: match!
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Beat, quietly)
dialog: That was well said.
text: They sit in silence for a moment. Smiley buttons his coat,
dialog: finished here.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Try and put it all behind you, Jim.
text: He makes to leave.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: He gave me a cigarette.
text: Prideaux looks down at his hands.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Jim?
text: Prideaux still doesn't look up.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: I thought it was my last one.
speaker_heading: 189 OMITTED 189
dialog: 190 OMITTED 190
dialog: 191 OMITTED 191
scene_heading: 192 INT. LUBYANKA PRISON - CELL - DAY - PAST 192
text: A concrete bunker of a room. Prideaux is standing in a slab
text: of watery sunshine that falls from a sky-light above. He's
text: smoking, trying to control the tremble in his hand.
text: PRIDEAUX P.O.V. - The patch of sunshine only extends a few
text: yards in front of him. The rest of the room is in granite
text: shadow. The sense of other people watching from the
text: shadows. The sound of a door opening and someone being led
dialog: in.
text: A woman walks across the dark room and into the slab of
text: light, blinking as she does so.
text: It's IRINA.
text: Her hair is loose and dishevelled about her face. A man's
text: voice comes from further back in the darkness...
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: (Russian accent)
dialog: Do you know this woman?
text: Prideaux looks at her. Frowns. Another voice murmurs in
text: Russian. Irina pins her hair up in the way we saw before.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: I don't know her.
text: She looks at Prideaux and gives a small polite smile, as
dialog: though good manners are going to save her.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: I...
text: A GUARD steps out of the shadows and SHOOTS her in the
text: head, the shot THUNDEROUS in the room. It's horribly
text: unexpected, and Prideaux jerks backward, bewildered and
text: appalled.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Tell Percy Alleline what we did.
scene_heading: 193 EXT. HOTEL ISLAY - GUILLAM'S CAR - NIGHT - PRESENT 193
scene_heading: P.O.V. - THROUGH WINDSCREEN
text: ... rain lashes down, obscuring our view.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX (V.O.)
dialog: Do you know who she was?
speaker_heading: SMILEY (V.O.)
dialog: (Cold)
dialog: Nobody you need concern yourself
dialog: with. An unfortunate...
text: REVERSE - we see Guillam and Smiley are sitting in the
text: parked car in the rain.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: He said when he got out, when he
dialog: was being debriefed at the
dialog: Nursery, he had a visitor.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Toby Esterhase.
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: 194 EXT. SARRATT - DAY - PAST 194
text: ... Prideaux stands watching a small, dapper figure
text: crossing the grounds towards him - TOBY ESTERHASE. A man
dialog: who's come up in the world.
scene_heading: 195 EXT. HOTEL ISLAY - GUILLAM'S CAR - NIGHT - PRESENT 195
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: He gave him a thousand pounds.
dialog: Told him he was dead now and
dialog: couldn't come back. Had to become
dialog: a Lotus Eater - forget everything
dialog: that happened - Control's theory,
dialog: Tinker, Tailor... all of it.
text: Guillam stares at him, ALERT.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, that's what I thought. How
dialog: on earth did Esterhase hear about
dialog: "Tinker, Tailor?"
scene_heading: 196 EXT. HOTEL ISLAY - NIGHT 196
text: Smiley gets out of the car, into the rain. Looks around
text: him, uneasy.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: You alright?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Will you watch my back, Peter?
dialog: Look out for a solo. Just a
dialog: feeling I've had.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: Yes, George. I'll watch.
text: Guillam watches as Smiley heads off into the gloom.
scene_heading: 197 INT. HOTEL ISLAY - SMILEY'S ROOM - NIGHT 197
text: Smiley stares at the CHESS BOARD - a complex pattern of
dialog: related figures.
text: He turns back to the tape-deck, puts the headphones on,
dialog: presses play:
speaker_heading: SMILEY (O.S.)
dialog: (Over headphones)
dialog: What exactly did Irina say?
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: (Over headphones)
dialog: She said there was a General,
dialog: work-name Polyakov who was
dialog: stationed in London. And that
dialog: Polyakov's real job was to
dialog: service the mole. He meets him
dialog: regularly and takes back
dialog: information the Mole gives him
dialog: for Karla.
text: Smiley presses STOP. He presses RE-WIND, watches the tape
text: spool BACKWARDS. He goes too far, presses FAST-FORWARD,
text: watches the tape REVERSE DIRECTION. And, at this moment, we
text: can tell from his expression, a piece of the jig-saw falls
text: into place.
dialog: 198 OMITTED 198
scene_heading: 199 INT. MINISTERIAL MEETING ROOM - DAY 199
text: Lacon and Smiley are meeting with the MINISTER.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: This meeting is not taking place.
dialog: Is that clear?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Perfectly, Minister. (Beat) There
dialog: is a house, somewhere in this
dialog: city, where Alleline and the
dialog: others meet Witchcraft's London
dialog: representative. I need the
dialog: address of that house.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
text: about.
text: Smiley stares at him.
speaker_heading: MINISTER (CONT'D (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't know the address. And I
dialog: fail to see the... I thought
dialog: Lacon had made it clear to you,
dialog: keep your nose bloody-well out of
dialog: Witchcraft's business!
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Calmly)
dialog: It's Lacon's advice I'm
dialog: following. (To Lacon) You told me
text: to follow in Control's footsteps.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: (Snapping)
dialog: Well, I wouldn't consider that
dialog: sound advice, after the bloody
dialog: mess Control left us with. It's
dialog: taken Alleline - and, if I may
dialog: say so, myself - this long to get
dialog: us back into the race.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: I'm glad you take some of the
dialog: credit.
text: Lacon glances sharply at Smiley - there's something
text: different about him, his tone...
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: The man Alleline and the others
dialog: meet is called Polyakov. You
dialog: believe his role is to bring
dialog: information from Witchcraft to
dialog: you. His real role is to receive
dialog: information from the Mole to take
dialog: back to Karla.
text: He has the Minister's full attention now. A long silence.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: That's... that's not possible.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Made possible. By you. When he
dialog: steals our secrets he does it
dialog: under the very nose of the
dialog: Circus, in the house which you
dialog: persuaded the treasury to pay
dialog: for. I'm sure you'll be able to
dialog: take full credit for that.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: (Appalled)
dialog: Witchcraft's intelligence is
dialog: genuine! It's been gold!
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Just enough glitter, amongst the
dialog: chicken-feed. Control didn't
dialog: believe in miracles and he didn't
dialog: believe in Witchcraft. But you
dialog: were lazy and you were greedy and
dialog: so you hounded him out of the
dialog: Circus and you let Karla in.
text: His voice is still calm, but it's clear what's different
text: now. There's a quiet fury in him. The Minister is ashen.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Oh God... We can't be made to
dialog: look like fucking fools again!
dialog: Forget Europe, if we have the
dialog: black men getting to hear about
dialog: this on Walla-Wallah News! What
dialog: if we find the Mole and we move
dialog: him sideways, some department
dialog: where he can't do any harm? Is
dialog: the Kremlin likely to boast about
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: LACON
dialog: Not in their interests sir. They
dialog: need the Enemy to look like a
dialog: threat...
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Well, tell them to play the game.
dialog: We don't go crowing about their
dialog: fuck-ups!
text: In their panic, both men are addressing each other,
text: momentarily forgetting Smiley.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Suddenly)
dialog: We are not the prize. We're the
dialog: bait.
text: They turn to him.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You've opened negotiations to
dialog: exchange intelligence with the
dialog: Americans. What they tell the
dialog: Circus, they'll be telling the
dialog: Kremlin. Witchcraft's
dialog: information, the "gold" Karla let
dialog: you have? It wasn't to lure you.
dialog: It was to lure the Americans.
dialog: Now, do you want to take credit
dialog: for that?
text: Lacon and the Minister stare at Smiley.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: What can we do?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: We have one thing the Mole wants.
dialog: 200 OMITTED 200
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: 201 INT. CONTROL'S FLAT - DAY 201
text: CLOSE on a belligerent Tarr, confidence regained.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: If I go...
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: You'll go...
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: ... I want your word you'll get
dialog: Irina back. Don't care who you
dialog: have to trade. I want a family.
dialog: Don't wanna end up like you
dialog: lot...
text: He looks at Smiley, then he gives Guillam a knowing look,
text: as though deliberately provoking him.
text: Guillam absorbs the slur but his eyes are hard.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR (CONT'D)
dialog: We're gonna live in Paris out of
dialog: your hair. You'll get her back?
text: Again a flash of the coldness in Smiley.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: I'll do my utmost, Ricki.
scene_heading: 202 INT./EXT. CIRCUS - DAY 202
text: ON LIFT DOORS:
text: The doors open to reveal TOBY ESTERHASE, chatting to a
speaker_heading: JANITOR.
speaker_heading: ESTERHASE'S P.O.V.
text: Guillam, standing by his car - holding the door open.
scene_heading: 203 EXT. LONDON STREETS - GUILLAM'S CAR - DAY 203
text: Guillam is driving. The radio is on. The car pulls up on
text: the roadside and two people climb in the back. It's Smiley
text: and Fawn. Guillam speeds off.
text: Nobody speaks. Esterhase sits stiff, mind-whirring,
text: uncomfortably aware of Fawn's unsettling presence behind
dialog: him.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: 204 EXT. ABANDONED AIRFIELD - DAY 204
text: TRACKING SHOT - PUSHING ESTERHASE
text: ... as he stumbles through the muddy airfield. A vast,
text: empty space all around. Toby starts to turn, but...
speaker_heading: SMILEY (O.S.)
dialog: Keep walking please.
text: Toby stumbles on.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to talk about loyalty
dialog: Toby. Control recruited you when
dialog: you were trying to escape from
dialog: Hungary didn't he? A wanted man.
dialog: Saved you from a KGB bullet,
dialog: didn't he? And yet, when the time
dialog: came, when it came to picking
dialog: sides between him and Alleline,
dialog: you didn't hesitate?
dialog: Understandable perhaps, with your
dialog: war experience. You've survived
dialog: this long, I suppose, because of
dialog: your ability to change sides,
dialog: serve any Master?
text: Faintly we hear the low drone of an approaching engine.
text: Esterhase scans the horizon, locks on the black speck in the
text: sky - an aircraft flying towards them. Esterhase watches the
text: approach with mounting anxiety.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: What... what's this about George?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: It's about which Master you've
dialog: been serving, Toby.
scene_heading: 205 INT. CIRCUS - DAY - PAST 205
text: A FILE is placed in a briefcase - we can see now that the
text: hands in the frame belong to Esterhase. He checks the
text: corridor is clear...
scene_heading: 206 EXT. ABANDONED AIRFIELD - DAY - PRESENT 206
text: ... as he and Guillam drive Esterhase on.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Intelligence has been leaked,
dialog: Toby. Someone's been taking files
dialog: from the Circus...
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: 207 INT. CIRCUS - GROUND-FLOOR LOBBY - DAY - PAST 207
text: Esterhase leaving the Circus, Bryant politely wishing him
dialog: good night.
scene_heading: 208 EXT. ABANDONED AIRFIELD - DAY - PRESENT 208
text: ... eyes fixed on the plane as it roars down towards them.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: This is a mistake George, this is
dialog: all...
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: The files were delivered to a
dialog: Russian attache, weren't they?
scene_heading: 209 INT. SAFE HOUSE - MEETING ROOM - EVENING - PAST 209
text: ... Esterhase holding up the documents for Polyakov to
text: photograph. Whir... Click....
scene_heading: 210 EXT. ABANDONED AIRFIELD - DAY - PRESENT 210
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: Yes. And yes, I delivered them.
scene_heading: 211 EXT. SAFE HOUSE - DAY - PAST 211
text: Alleline getting out of the cab by the railings... the dog
text: barking from inside the house...
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE (V.O.)
dialog: ... but so did Percy...
scene_heading: 211A INT. SAFE HOUSE - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT 211A
text: Haydon walking past Mrs McCraig and heading up the stairs
text: to the empty room...
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: ... and Bill...
scene_heading: 211B INT. SAFE HOUSE - MEETING ROOM - DAY 211B
text: Roy Bland sits in front of Polyakov, holding up the
text: documents for Polyakov to photograph - Whir... Click....
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: And Roy...
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: 212 EXT. ABANDONED AIRFIELD - DAY - PRESENT 212
text: Esterhase can't tear his eyes away from the propeller plane
text: descending onto the runway ahead of them.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: Things aren't always what they
dialog: seem. You know that George.
dialog: Moscow thinks Polyakov's working
dialog: for them, so, every now and then
dialog: we give him the odd file to take
dialog: back to them, just chicken-feed,
dialog: keep his bosses happy. But
dialog: Polyakov's our Joe, part of a big
dialog: operation...
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Operation Witchcraft? Yes, I
dialog: know.
text: Esterhase stops, turns to look at Smiley.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: Why are we here? Why are we...?
text: Guillam gives him a sudden VIOLENT SHOVE in the back.
text: Esterhase straightens himself, runs a palm through his
text: hair, real fear on his face now.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't... I don't deserve this.
dialog: I don't deserve this George!
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Who gave you the message for Jim
dialog: to forget about Tinker Tailor?
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: Bland!
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: To get rid of Connie Sachs?
dialog: Westerby?
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: Bland or Haydon. I don't
dialog: remember. One of them. Maybe
dialog: Percy. I don't know who.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: You're just the messenger?
text: Running between them all.
dialog: Anything to serve Witchcraft?
text: Esterhase flinches again.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I know all about your secret
dialog: source. And I know something you
dialog: don't. I know who he is.(Beat)
dialog: He's Karla.
text: Esterhase turns to look at them in horror. Guillam pushes
text: him again. The plane has taxied to a halt ahead of them.
text: Unmarked. Something sinister about it.
speaker_heading: 213 OMITTED 213
scene_heading: 214 INT. SAFE HOUSE - GROUND FLOOR - DAY - PAST 214
text: ... in the London House, spools turning. We hear the
text: familiar Click... Whir of Polyakov's camera...
scene_heading: 215 INT. SAFE HOUSE - MEETING ROOM - DAY 215
text: Polyakov is photographing... nothing. The table in front of
text: him is empty, the shooting just a pantomime for the
text: microphone above. As he continues to shoot we see the
text: Mystery man sitting across the table from him. He takes out
text: a canister of developed film and passes it to Polyakov.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (V.O.)
dialog: One of you has been giving
dialog: Polyakov the Crown Jewels.
scene_heading: 216 EXT. ABANDONED AIRFIELD - DAY - PRESENT 216
text: ... standing on the airfield.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: I didn't know. I swear I...
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Are you still a wanted man, Toby?
text: Toby looks back at the plane, almost hysterical.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: George...!
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: You picked the wrong side, Toby.
speaker_heading: TOBY ESTERHASE
dialog: (crying)
dialog: George, you've got to believe me. I
dialog: would never... I'm loyal, George.
dialog: I'm loyal!
text: Smiley watches him cry for a moment, his face impassive.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Give me the address. Where do you
dialog: meet Polyakov?
scene_heading: 217 EXT. SAFE HOUSE - DAY 217
text: A terrace of flat-fronted nineteenth century houses one of
dialog: them the house we have already visited.
text: A CAR draws up before one of them and Smiley, Fawn and
text: Guillam get out and head for the front door.
scene_heading: 218 INT. SAFE HOUSE - GROUND FLOOR 218
text: The men are fanning out, Fawn and Guillam heading into the
text: kitchen. Smiley walks upstairs, dogged by the HOUSEKEEPER -
text: MRS McCRAIG - not at all happy with the invasion.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What are the safety signals?
speaker_heading: MRS MCCRAIG
text: There's an air duct. Open and
dialog: all's well. Closed and you're not
text: to enter.
scene_heading: 219 INT. SAFE HOUSE - MEETING ROOM - DAY 219
text: They enter the EMPTY ROOM.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Where is the mike, Mrs McCraig?
text: She points at the candelabra.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: And what's the procedure?
speaker_heading: MRS MCCRAIG
dialog: Whenever the gentlemen are
dialog: meeting I record the session. The
dialog: tapes are sent back to the
dialog: Circus.
text: From downstairs come the crash of furniture being moved,
text: rooms searched.
speaker_heading: MRS MCCRAIG (CONT'D)
dialog: What are they doing? They
dialog: shouldn't be moving things!
text: The authority in Smiley's voice stops her.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: If you're at all worried you can
dialog: call Lacon from the basement
dialog: phone. Let's try the tape
dialog: recorder shall we?
scene_heading: 220 INT. SAFE HOUSE - GROUND FLOOR - DAY 220
text: CLOSE ON TAPE RECORDER - SPOOLS SLOWLY REVOLVING
text: Over the RECORDER we can hear GUILLAM'S VOICE reciting
text: something from childhood, from the room above.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM (O.S.)
dialog: The boy stood on the burning deck
dialog: whence all but he had fled. The
dialog: flame that lit the battles wreck,
dialog: shone round him o'er the dead...
text: Smiley is listening.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM'S VOICE
dialog: ... Yet beautiful and bright he
dialog: stood...
scene_heading: 221 EXT. PARIS - STREET - EVENING 221
text: Establishing shot of a street in Paris.
text: A squat Yorkshireman - MACKELVORE - walks out of a nearby
text: restaurant and gets into a car.
text: Out of nowhere Tarr suddenly appears, climbing into the
text: passenger side, ramming a gun into his side.
scene_heading: 222 INT. PARIS - APARTMENT - PARIS RESIDENCY - NIGHT 222
text: Mackelvore leads Tarr into a grand but dilapidated
text: apartment. An elderly FRENCHMAN - ex-Resistance - looks up
text: from his evening meal as the two pass.
speaker_heading: MACKLEVORE
dialog: (In French)
dialog: Guest from London Station, Monsieur
dialog: Fourcade.
text: The Frenchman grunts a greeting, turns back to his supper.
speaker_heading: MACKELVORE
dialog: (as they walk on)
dialog: The whole service is looking for
dialog: you, Ricki. They'll skin you
dialog: alive if they find you.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: Maybe I want them to find me.
text: Mackelvore frowns. They reach a door which he opens to
text: reveal a STEEL DOOR beyond. He presses a bell and a hatch
text: in the door slides open and a young man's face appears.
text: This is BEN. He slides open a bolt, a double lock, and lets
dialog: them into a ...
scene_heading: 223 INT. PARIS - CYPHER ROOM - NIGHT 223
speaker_heading: MACKELVORE
dialog: You can go home now, Ben. Leave
dialog: the books where they are and put
dialog: the keys into the machines. I'll
dialog: be talking to London presently
dialog: under my own steam.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Okay boss.
text: Tarr takes out his gun.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: (Flat)
dialog: Ben stays here.
scene_heading: 224 INT. PARIS - CYPHER ROOM - NIGHT 224
text: Tarr stands over Mackelvore, who is sending a message to
dialog: the Circus.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: (dictating)
dialog: Ricki Tarr claims to have further
dialog: information vital to the
dialog: safeguarding of the Circus.
scene_heading: 225 INT. LONDON - TAILOR'S SHOP NEAR CIRCUS - NIGHT 225
text: A dark workroom. WE TRACK through a crowd of TAILORS
speaker_heading: DUMMIES.
text: Some of the dummies are draped in clothes, some just shapes
text: in the darkness. As though we are moving through A ROOM
text: FULL OF SPIES.
text: By a great domed window, occasionally washed with yellow
text: from the traffic outside, we find MENDEL, his back to us
text: staring out.
dialog: 105.
text: MENDEL'S P.O.V. - THE CIRCUS ACROSS THE ROAD.
text: A taxi pulls up a few yards away from the circus doors. We
text: see a man clamber out. It's Percy Alleline.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Tinker...
scene_heading: 226 INT. SAFE HOUSE - LISTENING ROOM - NIGHT 226
text: Smiley sits on an armchair, lit by a harsh over-head light.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: How's he look?
speaker_heading: MENDEL (O.S.)
dialog: Busy.
text: Smiley puts the receiver on the arm of the chair, takes off
text: his shoes and in his stocking feet crosses the room. As he
text: does so he spools out a WASHING LINE, tying it to the far
text: door knob.
scene_heading: 227 EXT. SAFE HOUSE - TOW PATH - NIGHT 227
text: Guillam, waits on the tow-path looking back at the house.
text: Someone, presumably Smiley, is moving through the house,
text: turning the lights off until it is in complete darkness.
speaker_heading: MENDEL (O.S.)
dialog: Tailor...
text: A torch light flashes once from a downstairs window.
speaker_heading: MENDEL (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Here comes Soldier...
scene_heading: 228 INT. SAFE HOUSE - LISTENING ROOM - NIGHT 228
text: Smiley sits in the darkness holding the phone to his ear.
speaker_heading: MENDEL (O.S.)
dialog: Full house.
scene_heading: 229 INT. PARIS - CYPHER ROOM - NIGHT 229
text: The three men stand over the silent cypher machine. Tarr's
text: gun rammed into his belt. Tarr is almost glittering with
text: nerves. Then the machine clatters into life.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: Read it aloud.
text: Ben starts to read, his high, rather imperious schoolboy
text: voice carries over the next few shots...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Personal for Tarr from
dialog: Alleline...
scene_heading: 230 INT. CIRCUS - ARCHIVE LIFT - NIGHT 230
text: A shot of the archive room, of the lift full of secrets
text: slowly being lowered into the ground.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: ... require clarification before
dialog: meeting your request...
text: ON THE DOOR OF THE WAR-ROOM resolutely closed, a slither of
text: light burning beneath it.
scene_heading: 231 INT. TAILORS SHOP - NIGHT 231
text: The tailors dummies standing to attention, as alert as
text: Mendel watching from the window, phone to mouth.
speaker_heading: BEN (O.S.)
dialog: ... Quote information vital to
dialog: safeguarding of the Circus
dialog: unquote does not qualify...
scene_heading: 232 INT. PARIS - CYPHER ROOM - NIGHT 232
text: Tarr has begun to laugh, gripped by a weird hilarity. Ben
text: reads even faster.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: ... send further information.
speaker_heading: RICKI TARR
dialog: That's the way Percy boy! You
dialog: keep stalling. I better warn you
dialog: Ben, there's some lousy people in
dialog: this outfit. Don't trust a
dialog: fucking one of them.
scene_heading: 233 INT. SAFE HOUSE - LISTENING ROOM - NIGHT 233
text: Smiley sits in the BLACKNESS.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: SMILEY'S P.O.V.
text: The washing line extends ahead of him, glowing faintly
text: white in the darkness.
text: The tinny sound of Mendel's voice comes from the receiver
text: beside him...
speaker_heading: MENDEL (O.S.)
dialog: Mister Smiley...
text: Smiley picks up the receiver.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: I'm here, Mendel.
speaker_heading: MENDEL (O.S.)
dialog: One's gone.
text: Smiley puts the receiver back on the armchair. He goes to
text: the window in his stockinged feet.
scene_heading: 234 EXT. SAFE HOUSE - TOW PATH - NIGHT 234
text: Guillam, nerves taut, sees three long flashes. The mole is
dialog: coming.
scene_heading: 235 EXT. SAFE HOUSE - NIGHT 235
text: A long silent look at the dark house. Then the star of
text: light spilling into the darkness from the air vent.
scene_heading: 236 INT. SAFE HOUSE - LISTENING ROOM - NIGHT 236
text: Smiley, calm and contained, hears the sound of a CAB
text: drawing up outside.
text: A pair of footsteps on the path.
text: Scrape of a key in the door.
text: A pale rim of light appears around the kitchen door.
text: And outside the sound of a second cab drawing up.
text: Someone else enters the house. Movement in the kitchen. Two
text: men's voices start to speak in Russian.
text: Smiley gets up, GUN in one hand, and guided by the line,
text: makes his way through the darkness to the door of the
text: kitchen, groping, rather like a blind man walking towards
text: the light.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: POLYAKOV (O.S.)
dialog: (In Russian)
dialog: What is your cover story in case
dialog: we are disturbed?
text: The sound of ANOTHER voice answering in Russian from
text: further back in the room.
text: ON Smiley inching across the room.
scene_heading: 237 INT. SAFE HOUSE - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT 237
dialog: The tape recorder working...
speaker_heading: POLYAKOV (O.S.)
dialog: (on tape, in Russian)
dialog: This can be salvaged. Tarr can be
dialog: found and liquidated.
scene_heading: 238 EXT. SAFE HOUSE - TOW PATH - NIGHT 238
text: Guillam waits. He turns, his nerves taut, searching the
text: shadows for movement. For a moment he's certain he's being
text: WATCHED.
text: Then, from the house, the signal he's been waiting for.
text: Three long flashes. Guillam starts to run.
scene_heading: 239 EXT. SAFE HOUSE - TOW PATH - NIGHT 239
text: A nervous Lacon is waiting on a corner, Guillam runs past.
speaker_heading: PETER GUILLAM
dialog: He's here.
speaker_heading: OLIVER LACON
dialog: I won't have bloodshed. I want
dialog: absolute calm!
text: A cab appears and Mendel jumps out. Mendel and Lacon hurry
text: towards the house, Guillam sprinting ahead.
scene_heading: 240 INT. SAFE HOUSE - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT 240
text: CLOSE ON THE TAPE SPOOL - REVOLVING
text: ... churning the SILENCE. The sounds of the house
text: amplified. No one talking. Perhaps the faintest of coughs.
scene_heading: 241 EXT. SAFE HOUSE - NIGHT 241
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: GUILLAM'S P.O.V.
text: Racing towards the FRONT DOOR and bursting through, into
text: the hallway and on up the stairs, taking them three at a
text: time, bursting through into...
scene_heading: 242 INT. SAFE HOUSE - MEETING ROOM - NIGHT 242
text: An oddly formal scene. POLYAKOV stands pipe in hand.
text: Smiley sits in a chair, GUN in hand. Absurdly, still in his
text: STOCKING FEET.
text: And opposite him sits BILL HAYDON.
text: They all turn to look at Guillam who stands panting in the
text: doorway.
speaker_heading: ON GUILLAM
dialog: ... as his nerves and excitement and any hope he might have
text: had of a sense of victory DRAINS AWAY, leaving him with
text: just an odd sense of embarrassment and shame.
scene_heading: 243 EXT. SARRATT - DAY 243
text: Nissan huts surround a cricket field. Two cadets run laps.
text: Smiley walks towards one of the huts, stops as Alleline
text: walks out. Alleline, a broken man, can barely look at him.
text: With a nod he walks on.
scene_heading: 244 EXT. SARRATT - NISSAN HUT - DAY 244
text: An unshaven, exhausted Haydon stands outside the Sarratt
text: building in a small fenced enclosure. We see Smiley walking
text: towards him. He's brought a box of cigarettes.
scene_heading: 245 INT. SARRATT - DAY 245
text: Haydon is weeping quietly but without emotion. Smiley
text: offers Haydon the box of Cigarettes.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: I was assured there would be no
dialog: coercion.
text: Haydon waves it away. Smiley hands him a clean handkerchief.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: It's almost funny George. I know
dialog: the Inquisitors little bag of
dialog: tricks. I taught most of them.
dialog: Don't mind the tears. Just a
dialog: reaction. An over-reaction, if you
dialog: like. Craddox says I'll be off in a
dialog: few days. I keep thinking how I'm
dialog: going to miss the cricket in
dialog: Moscow.
text: He weeps again.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON (CONT'D)
dialog: I rather hoped you would do a
dialog: little light house-keeping for me.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: If I can.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: There's a girl...Would you give her
dialog: some money for me? Give her a good
dialog: cover story. If it helps tell her I
dialog: love her. It's all here.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: There's a boy too. Bung him a few
dialog: quid to shut him up. Take it out of
dialog: the reptile fund.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: I did have one or two questions.
dialog: About Prideaux.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: Damn it! I got him back, didn't
dialog: I?
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Yes, yes you did. That was good
dialog: of you. (Beat) I'm surprised
dialog: Karla didn't shoot him. Or do you
dialog: think he held back out of
dialog: delicacy towards you?
text: No response. Smiley looks carefully at Haydon's profile.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Did Prideaux come and see you
dialog: before he left on his Hungarian
dialog: mission?
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: Yes, as a matter of fact he did.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: To say what?
text: Haydon stares at him. For the first time the tears seem
text: real. Guilt and grief. He looks down. A long pause.
speaker_heading: SMILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: To warn you. Because he knew,
dialog: deep down, it was you all along.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: So did you.
text: Haydon stares out, lost in thought.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON (CONT'D)
dialog: I had to pick a side George. It was
dialog: an aesthetic choice as much as a
dialog: moral one. The West has grown so
dialog: very ugly, don't you think?
text: Smiley doesn't answer. A moment of silence.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Did Karla ever consider having you
dialog: take over the Circus?
text: For a moment Haydon looks rattled.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: I'm not his bloody office boy.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What are you then?
text: Haydon turns to Smiley, a flash of hauteur.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: I'm someone who made his mark.
text: Smiley watches him, feeling him shrink in stature before his
text: eyes. Haydon lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: Is there anything you want me to
dialog: pass on to Ann?
text: For a moment Haydon looks genuinely puzzled.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: Oh, that was nothing personal,
dialog: George, I hope you understand that?
dialog: Karla said you were good, the one
dialog: we had to worry about. But you do
dialog: have a blind spot.
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON (CONT'D)
dialog: He reckoned if I was known to be
dialog: Ann's lover you wouldn't be able
dialog: to see me straight. And he was
text: right, up to a point.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Up to a point.
scene_heading: 246 INT. CONTROL'S FLAT - DAY 246
text: The flat is now empty, cleared of Control's possessions.
text: Smiley looks around, places a CHESS PIECE on the piano. We
text: see the piece bears the name HAYDON.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: "Tailor."
text: He walks away.
scene_heading: 247 EXT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - DAY 247
text: George comes up his path, looking old and tired.
scene_heading: 248 INT. SMILEY'S HOUSE - DAY 248
text: He stops still inside his doorway. The little figure on the
text: console table is in the wrong position. Smiley puts his
text: hand on it, but doesn't right it, listening to something
text: from somewhere inside the house. A faint movement.
text: Through the HALF OPEN KITCHEN DOOR we catch a glimpse of a
text: WOMAN beyond. ANN is back.
text: Smiley stands with his back to us, still in his coat,
text: staring through the door at his wife beyond. Something of a
text: Vermeer in the image.
text: He's absorbing the different atmosphere - home. Deciding
dialog: whether to go in. Or not.
text: Suddenly we hear MUSIC - JULIO IGLESIAS, singing a disco
dialog: version of LA MER - very seventies.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 249 INT. CIRCUS - FIFTH FLOOR PARTY - NIGHT - PAST 249
dialog: The same lively Christmas PARTY at the Circus we saw
text: earlier. BILL HAYDON, a little drunk and happy, works his
text: way through the packed room, dancing to the Iglesias'
text: track, a drink in each hand, a little tongue-in-cheek,
text: singing along.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: HAYDON'S P.O.V.
text: ... other members of the Circus glimpsed as we pass them -
text: CONNIE SACHS, WESTERBY, BLAND, drunk, grinning at us. TOBY
text: ESTERHASE talking to one of the SECRETARIES...
text: The MUSIC continues as we find...
speaker_heading: CONTROL and SMILEY
text: ...sitting a little apart, talking. Haydon is still working
text: his way through the party...
text: We PASS PERCY ALLELINE and his DRUNK WIFE. Alleline looking
text: fretful and hoping no-one is noticing the scene she is
dialog: making...
text: Haydon grins at all his comrades, feeling fond of everyone,
text: but heads on to his destination...
text: PRIDEAUX sits watching him come with a drink towards him,
text: shakes his head, but can't help but smile fondly at the idiot
text: Haydon is prepared to make of himself...
dialog: 250 OMITTED 250
speaker_heading: 251 OMITTED 251
speaker_heading: 252 OMITTED 252
speaker_heading: 253 OMITTED 253
scene_heading: 254 EXT. SARRATT - EVENING - PRESENT 254
text: The music continues as we see two cadets are running on the
text: circuit, their white t-shirts only just visible in the
dialog: dark.
text: Haydon sits on his bench, smoking, watching them flit by.
text: He smiles to himself, remembering. He senses something,
text: turns and looks back. Prideaux stands in the shadows behind
text: him, some fifteen foot away. The two men stare at each
text: other, then Haydon turns back to watch the runners.
text: We HOLD CLOSE on his face as Prideaux approaches, the only
text: sound the soft wind and his hushed footsteps growing loser.
dialog: Finally...
speaker_heading: BILL HAYDON
dialog: (Of the runners)
dialog: Just like us Jim. (Beat) Best
dialog: days.
dialog: 114.
text: A rifle is placed on the side of his head - the same
dialog: execution shot that we saw used on Irina - the force
text: blowing him sideways out of the frame.
text: As the music continues we...
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 255 EXT. SARRATT - DAWN 255
text: Frost on the grass. We find a CADET staring down at the
text: corpse of Haydon leaning against the back of the bench,
text: outlined in silver frost.
text: The music ends.
scene_heading: 256 INT. PRIDEAUX'S CARAVAN - DAY 256
text: Prideaux sits on his bed. From outside - the sound of a
text: football game. Someone taps on the door. Low. Taps again.
text: Prideaux, coiled with grief and anger, suddenly gets up.
scene_heading: 257 EXT. PRIDEAUX'S CARAVAN - DAY 257
text: Roach stands in the doorway, carrying a gift - a boot-
dialog: scrape made in woodwork.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: I made you something.
text: Prideaux stares at the boot scrape.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX
dialog: I don't want you hanging around
dialog: here. Keep away from me from now
dialog: on. Go and join the others.
text: Roach stands frozen.
speaker_heading: PRIDEAUX (CONT'D)
dialog: Just bloody join in. Go and play
dialog: damn you.
text: He watches Roach walk to the edge of the field and stand
text: mutely at the side. A ball rolls towards him. Roach goes to
text: kick it. Misses. He tries again, RUNNING OUT OF SHOT.
scene_heading: 257aA EXT. PARIS DEPARTMENT STORE - EVENING 257aA
text: Tarr is walking through a busy street. He stops to light a
text: cigarette. A woman in a YELLOW dress appears, reflected in
text: the glass. She's holding the hands of two children. For a
text: moment it looks like Irina.
dialog: 115.
text: Tarr spins round, but the woman has disappeared. He stares
text: after her, hoping to catch a glimpse of her again.
scene_heading: 257A EXT./INT. CIRCUS - GROUND-FLOOR LOBBY - DAY 257A
text: Smiley walks back into the lobby, hesitates for a moment,
text: then pushes on through the turnstile.
scene_heading: 258 INT. CIRCUS - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 258
text: George takes his place at the baronial chair. He examines
text: the CHESS PIECE in his hand. We see it is labelled KARLA.
text: He toys with it for a moment, then places it on the table
text: in front of him, clears his throat.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Shall we begin?
text: Through the open door Smiley's new inner circle begin to
text: enter and take their place at the table around him.
text: 
