dialog: 
dialog: T I T A N I C
dialog: a screenplay by
dialog: James Cameron
speaker_heading: 1 BLACKNESS
text: Then two faint lights appear, close together... growing brighter. They
text: resolve into two DEEP SUBMERSIBLES, free-falling toward us like express
dialog: elevators.
text: One is ahead of the other, and passes close enough to FILL FRAME, looking
text: like a spacecraft blazing with lights, bristling with insectile
dialog: manipulators.
text: TILTING DOWN to follow it as it descends away into the limitless blackness
text: below. Soon they are fireflies, then stars. Then gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 2 EXT./ INT. MIR ONE / NORTH ATLANTIC DEEP
text: PUSHING IN on one of the falling submersibles, called MIR ONE, right up to
text: its circular viewport to see the occupants.
text: INSIDE, it is a cramped seven foot sphere, crammed with equipment. ANATOLY
text: MIKAILAVICH, the sub's pilot, sits hunched over his controls... singing
text: softly in Russian.
text: Next to him on one side is BROCK LOVETT. He's in his late forties, deeply
text: tanned, and likes to wear his Nomex suit unzipped to show the gold from
text: famous shipwrecks covering his gray chest hair. He is a wiley, fast-talking
text: treasure hunter, a salvage superstar who is part historian, part adventurer
text: and part vacuum cleaner salesman. Right now, he is propped against the CO2
text: scrubber, fast asleep and snoring.
text: On the other side, crammed into the remaining space is a bearded wide-body
text: named LEWIS BODINE, sho is also asleep. Lewis is an R.O.V. (REMOTELY
text: OPERATED VEHICLE) pilot and is the resident Titanic expert.
text: Anatoly glances at the bottom sonar and makes a ballast adjustment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 3 EXT. THE BOTTOM OF THE SEA
text: A pale, dead-flat lunar landscape. It gets brighter, lit from above, as MIR
text: ONE enters FRAME and drops to the seafloor in a downblast from its
text: thrusters. It hits bottom after its two hour free-fall with a loud BONK.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 4 INT. MIR ONE
text: Lovett and Bodine jerk awake at the landing.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: (heavy Russian accent)
dialog: We are here.
scene_heading: EXT. / INT. MIR ONE AND TWO
text: 5 MINUTES LATER: THE TWO SUBS skim over the seafloor to the sound of
text: sidescan sonar and the THRUM of big thrusters.
text: 6 The featureless gray clay of the bottom unrols in the lights of the subs.
text: Bodine is watching the sidescan sonar display, where the outline of a huge
text: pointed object is visible. Anatoly lies prone, driving the sub, his face
text: pressed to the center port.
speaker_heading: BODINE
text: Come left a little. She's right in front of us, eighteen meters. Fifteen.
dialog: Thirteen... you should see it.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: Do you see it? I don't see it... there!
text: Out of the darkness, like a ghostly apparition, the bow of the ship
text: appears. Its knife-edge prow is coming straight at us, seeming to plow the
text: bottom sediment like ocean waves. It towers above the seafloor, standing
dialog: just as it landed 84 years ago.
text: THE TITANIC. Or what is left of her. Mir One goes up and over the bow
text: railing, intact except for an overgrowth of "rusticles" draping it like
text: mutated Spanish moss.
text: TIGHT ON THE EYEPIECE MONITOR of a video camcorder. Brock Lovett's face
text: fills the BLACK AND WHITE FRAME.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: It still gets me every time.
text: The image pans to the front viewport, looking over Anatoly's shoulder, to
text: the bow railing visible in the lights beyond. Anatoly turns.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: Is just your guilt because of estealing from the dead.
text: CUT WIDER, to show that Brock is operating the camera himself, turning it
text: in his hand so it points at his own face.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Thanks, Tolya. Work with me, here.
text: Brock resumes his serious, pensive gaze out the front port, with the camera
text: aimed at himself at arm's length.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: It still gets me every time... to see the sad ruin of the great ship
text: sitting here, where she landed at 2:30 in the morning, April 15, 1912,
text: after her long fall from the world above.
text: Anatoly rolls his eyes and mutters in Russian. Bodine chuckles and watches
dialog: the sonar.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: You are so full of shit, boss.
text: 7 Mir Two drives aft down the starboard side, past the huge anchor while
text: Mir One passes over the seemingly endless forecastle deck, with its massive
text: anchor chains still laid out in two neat rows, its bronze windlass caps
text: gleaming. The 22 foot long subs are like white bugs next to the enormous
dialog: wreck.
speaker_heading: LOVETT (V.O.)
text: Dive nine. Here we are again on the deck of Titanic... two and a half miles
text: down. The pressure is three tons per square inch, enough to crush us like a
text: freight train going over an ant if our hull fails. These windows are nine
text: inches thick and if they go, it's sayonara in two microseconds.
text: 8 Mir Two lands on the boat deck, next to the ruins of the Officer's
text: Quarters. Mir One lands on the roof of the deck hous nearby.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Right. Let's go to work.
text: Bodine slips on a pair of 3-D electronic goggles, and grabs the joystick
dialog: controls of the ROV.
text: 9 OUTSIDE THE SUB, the ROV, a small orange and black robot called SNOOP
text: DOG, lifts from its cradle and flies forward.
speaker_heading: BODINE (V.O.)
dialog: Walkin' the dog.
text: SNOOP DOG drives itself away from the sub, paying out its umbilical behind
text: it like a robot yo-yo. Its twin stereo-video cameras swivel like insect
text: eyes. The ROV descends through an open shaft that once was the beautiful
dialog: First Class Grand Staircase.
text: Snoop Dog goes down several decks, then moves laterally into the First
dialog: Class Reception Room.
text: SNOOP'S VIDEO POV, moving through the cavernous interior. The remains of
text: the ornate handcarved woodwork which gave the ship its elegance move
text: through the floodlights, the lines blurred by slow dissolution and
text: descending rusticle formations. Stalactites of rust hang down so that at
text: times it looks like a natural grotto, then the scene shifts and the lines
text: of a ghostly undersea mansion can be seen again.
text: MONTAGE STYLE, as Snoop passes the ghostly images of Titanic's opulence:
text: 10 A grand piano in amazingly good shape, crashed on its side against a
text: wall. The keys gleam black and white in the lights.
text: 11 A chandelier, still hanging from the ceiling by its wire... glinting as
text: Snoop moves around it.
text: 12 Its lights play across the floor, revealing a champagne bottle, then
text: some WHITE STAR LINE china... a woman's high-top "granny shoe". Then
text: something eerie: what looks like a child's skull resolves into the
text: porcelain head of a doll.
text: Snoop enters a corridor which is much better preserved. Here and there a
text: door still hangs on its rusted hinges. An ornate piece of molding, a wall
text: sconce... hint at the grandeur of the past.
text: 13 THE ROV turns and goes through a black doorway, entering room B-52, the
text: sitting room of a "promenade suite", one of the most luxurious staterooms
dialog: on Titanic.
speaker_heading: BODINE
text: I'm in the sitting room. Heading for bedroom B-54.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Stay off the floor. Don't stir it up like you did yesterday.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: I'm tryin' boss.
text: Glinting in the lights are the brass fixtures of the near-perfectly
text: preserved fireplace. An albino Galathea crab crawls over it. Nearby are the
text: remains of a divan and a writing desk. The Dog crosses the ruins of the
text: once elegant room toward another DOOR. It squeezes through the doorframe,
text: scraping rust and wood chunks loose on both sides. It moves out of a cloud
text: of rust and keeps on going.
speaker_heading: BODINE
text: I'm crossing the bedroom.
text: The remains of a pillared canopy bed. Broken chairs, a dresser. Through the
text: collapsed wall of the bathroom, the porcelain commode and bathtub took
text: almost new, gleaming in the dark.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Okay, I want to see what's under that wardrobe door.
text: SEVERAL ANGLES as the ROV deploys its MANIPULATOR ARMS and starts moving
text: debris aside. A lamp is lifted, its ceramic colors as bright as they were
dialog: in 1912.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Easy, Lewis. Take it slow.
text: Lewis grips a wardrobe door, lying at an angle in a corner, and pulls it
text: with Snoop's gripper. It moves reluctantly in a cloud of silt. Under it is
text: a dark object. The silt clears and Snoop's cameras show them what was under
dialog: the door...
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: Ooohh daddy-oh, are you seein' what I'm seein'?
text: CLOSE ON LOVETT, watching his moniteors. By his expression it is like he is
text: seeing the Holy Grail.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Oh baby baby baby.
dialog: (grabs the mike)
dialog: It's payday, boys.
text: ON THE SCREEN, in the glare of the lights, is the object of their quest: a
text: small STEEL COMBINATION SAFE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 14 EXT. STERN OF DECK OF KEDYSH - DAY
text: THE SAFE, dripping wet in the afternoon sun, is lowered onto the deck of a
text: ship by a winch cable.
text: We are on the Russian research vessel AKADEMIK MISTISLAV KELDYSH. A crowd
text: has gathered, including most of the crew of KELDYSH, the sub crews, and a
text: hand-wringing money guy named BOBBY BUELL who represents the limited
text: partners. There is also a documentary video crew, hired by Lovett to cover
text: his moment of glory.
text: Everyone crowds around the safe. In the background Mir Two is being lowered
text: into its cradle on deck by a massive hydraulic arm. Mir One is already
text: recovered with Lewis Bodine following Brock Lovett as he bounds over to the
text: safe like a kid on Christman morning.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: Who's the best? Say it.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: You are, Lewis.
dialog: (to the video crew)
dialog: You rolling?
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: Rolling.
text: Brock nods to his technicians, and they set about drilling the safe's
text: hinges. During this operation, Brock amps the suspense, working the lens to
dialog: fill the time.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Well, here it is, the moment of truth. Here's where we find out if the
dialog: time, the sweat, the money spent to charter this ship and these subs, to
dialog: come out here to the middle of the North Atlantic... were worth it. If what
dialog: we think is in that same... is in that safe... it will be.
text: Lovett grins wolfishly in anticipation of his greatest find yet. The door
text: is pried loose. It clangs onto the deck. Lovett moves closer, peering into
text: the safe's wet interior. A long moment then... his face says it all.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: You know, boss, this happened to Geraldo and his career never recovered.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: (to the video cameraman)
dialog: Get that outta my face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 15 INT. LAB DECK, PRESERVATION ROOM - DAY
text: Technicians are carefully removing some papers from the safe and placing
text: them in a tray of water to separate them safely. Nearby, other artifacts
text: from the stateroom are being washed and preserved.
text: Buell is on the satellite phone with the INVESTORS. Lovett is yelling at
dialog: the video crew.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: You send out what I tell you when I tell you. I'm signing your paychecks,
dialog: not 60 minutes. Now get set up for the uplink.
text: Buell covers the phone and turns to Lovett.
speaker_heading: BUELL
dialog: The partners want to know how it's going?
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: How it's going? It's going like a first date in prison, whattaya think?!
text: Lovett grabs the phone from Buell and goes instantly smooth.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Hi, Dave? Barry? Look, it wasn't in the safe... no, look, don't worry about
dialog: it, there're still plenty of places it could be... in the floor debris in
text: the suite, in the mother's room, in the purser's safe on C deck...
dialog: (seeing something)
dialog: Hang on a second.
text: A tech coaxes some letters in the water tray to one side with a tong...
text: revealing a pencil (conte crayon) drawing of a woman.
text: Brock looks closely at the drawing, which is in excellent shape, though its
text: edges have partially disintegrated. The woman is beautiful, and beautifully
text: rendered. In her late teens or early twenties, she is nude, though posed
text: with a kind of casual modesty. She is on an Empire divan, in a pool of
text: light that seems to radiate outward from her eyes. Scrawled in the lower
text: right corner is the date: April 14 1912. And the initials JD.
text: The girl is not entirely nude. At her throat is a diamond necklace with one
text: large stone hanging in the center.
text: Lovett grabs a reference photo from the clutter on the lab table. It is a
text: period black-and-white photo of a diamond necklace on a black velvet
text: jeller's display stand. He holds it next to the drawing. It is clearly the
text: same piece... a complex setting with a massive central stone which is
text: almost heart-shaped.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: I'll be God damned.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 16 INSERT
text: A CNN NEWS STORY: a live satellite feed from the deck of the Keldysh,
text: intercut with the CNN studio.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Treasure hunter Brock Lovett is best known for finding Spanish gold in
text: sunken galleons in the Caribbean. Now he is using deep submergence
text: technology to work two and a half miles down at another famous wreck... the
text: Titanic. He is with us live via satellite from a Russian research ship in
dialog: the middle of the Atlantic... hello Brock?
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Yes, hi, Tracy. You know, Titanic is not just A shipwrick, Titanic is THE
text: shipwreck. It's the Mount Everest of shipwrecks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 17 INT. HOUSE / CERAMICS STUDIO
text: PULL BACK from the screen, showing the CNN report playing on a TV set in
text: the living room of a small rustic house. It is full of ceramics, figurines,
text: folk art, the walls crammed with drawings and paintings... things collected
dialog: over a lifetime.
text: PANNING to show a glassed-in studio attached to the house. Outside it is a
text: quiet morning in Ojai, California. In the studio, amid incredible clutter,
text: an ANCIENT WOMAN is throwing a pot on a potter's wheel. The liquid red clay
text: covers her hands... hands that are gnarled and age-spotted, but still
text: surprisingly strong and supple. A woman in her early forties assists her.
speaker_heading: LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: I've planned this expedition for three years, and we're out here recovering
dialog: some amazing things... things that will have enormous historical and
dialog: educational value.
speaker_heading: CNN REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: But it's no secret that education is not your main purpose. You're a
dialog: treasure hunter. So what is the treasure you're hunting?
speaker_heading: LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: I'd rather show you than tell you, and we think we're very close to doing
dialog: just that.
text: The old woman's name is ROSE CALVERT. Her face is a wrinkled mass, her body
text: shapeless and shrunken under a one-piece African-print dress.
text: But her eyes are just as bright and alive as those of a young girl.
text: Rose gets up and walks into the living room, wiping pottery clay from her
text: hands with a rag. A Pomeranian dog gets up and comes in with her.
text: The younger soman, LIZZY CALVERT, rushes to help her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Turn that up please, dear.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Your expedition is at the center of a storm of controversy over salvage
dialog: rights and even ethics. Many are calling you a grave robber.
text: TIGHT ON THE SCREEN.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Nobody called the recovery of the artifacts from King Tut's tomb grave
dialog: robbing. I have museum-trained experts here, making sure this stuff is
text: preserved and catalogued properly. Look at this drawing, which was found
dialog: today...
text: The video camera pans off Brock to the drawing, in a tray of water. The
text: image of the woman with the necklace FILLS FRAME.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: ...a piece of paper that's been underwater for 84 years... and my team are
dialog: able to preserve it intanct. Should this have remained unseen at the bottom
dialog: of the ocean for eternity, when we can see it and enjoy it now...?
text: ROSE is galvanized by this image. Her mouth hangs open in amazement.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'll be God damned.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 18 EXT. KELDYSH DECK - NIGHT
text: CUT TO KELDYSH. The Mir subs are being launched. Mir Two is already in the
text: water, and Lovett is getting ready to climb into Mir One when Bobby Buell
text: runs up to him.
speaker_heading: BUELL
dialog: There's a satellite call for you.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Bobby, we're launching. See these submersibles here, going in the water?
dialog: Take a message.
speaker_heading: BUELL
dialog: No, trust me, you want to take this call.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 19 INT. LAB DECK / KELDYSH - NIGHT
text: Beull hands Lovett the phone, pushing down the blinking line. The call is
text: from Rose and we see both ends of the conversation. She is in her kitchen
text: with a mystified Lizzy.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: This is Brock Lovett. What can I do for you, Mrs... ?
speaker_heading: BUELL
dialog: Rose Calvert.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: ... Mrs. Calvert?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I was just wondering if you had found the "Heart of the Ocean" yet, Mr.
dialog: Lovett.
text: Brock almost drops the phone. Bobby sees his shocked expression...
speaker_heading: BUELL
dialog: I told you you wanted to take this call.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: (to Rose)
dialog: Alright. You have my attention, Rose. Can you tell me who the woman in the
dialog: picture is?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh yes. The woman in the picture is me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 20 EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: SMASH CUT TO AN ENORMOUS SEA STALLION HELICOPTER thundering across the
text: ocean. PAN 180 degrees as it roars past. There is no land at either
text: horizon. The Keldysh is visible in the distance.
text: CLOSE ON A WINDOW of the monster helicopter. Rose's face is visible,
text: looking out calmly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 21 EXT. KELDYSH - DAY
text: Brock and Bodine are watching Mir 2 being sweng over the side to start a
dialog: dive.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: She's a goddamned liar! A nutcase. Like that... what's her name? That
dialog: Anastasia babe.
speaker_heading: BUELL
dialog: They're inbound.
text: Brock nods and the three of them head forward to meet the approaching helo.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: She says she's Rose DeWitt Bukater, right? Rose DeWitt Bukater died on the
text: Titanic. At the age of 17. If she'd've lived, she'd be over a hundred now.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: A hundred and one next month.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: Okay, so she's a very old goddamned liar. I traced her as far back as the
dialog: 20's... she was working as an actress in L.A. An actress. Her name was Rose
dialog: Dawson. Then she married a guy named Calvert, moved to Cedar Rapids, had
dialog: two kids. Now Calvert's dead, and from what I've heard Cedar Rapids is
dialog: dead.
text: The Sea Stallion approaches the ship, BG, forcing Brock to yell over the
dialog: rotors.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: And everyobody who knows about the diamond is supposed to be dead... or on
dialog: this ship. But she knows about it. And I want to hear what she has to say.
dialog: Got it?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 22 EXT. KELDYSH HELIPAD
text: IN A THUNDERING DOWNBLAST the helicopter's wheels bounce down on the
dialog: helipad.
text: Lovett, Buell and Bodine watch as the HELICOPTER CREW CHIEF hands out about
text: ten suitcases, and then Rose is lowered to the deck in a wheelchair by
text: Keldysh crewmen. Lizzy, ducking unnecessarily under the rotor, follows her
text: out, carrying FREDDY the Pomeranian. The crew chief hands a puzzled Keldysh
text: crewmember a goldfish bowl with several fish in it. Rose does not travel
dialog: light.
text: HOLD ON the incongruous image of this little old lady, looking impossibly
text: fragile amongst all the high tech gear, grungy deck crew and gigantic
dialog: equipment.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: S'cuse me, I have to go check our supply of Depends.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 23 INT. ROSE'S STATEROOM / KELDYSH - DAY
text: Lizzy is unpacking Rose's things in the small utilitarian room. Rose is
text: placing a number of FRAMED PHOTOS on the bureau, arranging them carefully
text: next to the fishbowl. Brock and Bodine are in the doorway.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Is your stateroom alright?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes. Very nice. Have you met my granddaughter, Lizzy? She takes care of me.
speaker_heading: LIZZY
dialog: Yes. We met just a few minutes ago, grandma. Remember, up on deck?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, yes.
text: Brock glances at Bodine... oh oh. Bodine rolls his eyes. Rose finishes
text: arranging her photographs. We get a general glimpse of them: the usual
text: snapshots... children and grandchildren, her late husband.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: There, that's nice. I have to have my pictures when I travel. And Freddy of
dialog: course.
dialog: (to the Pomeranian)
dialog: Isn't that right, sweetie.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Would you like anything?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I should like to see my drawing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 24 INT. LAB DECK, PRESERVATION AREA
text: Rose looks at the drawing in its tray of water, confronting herself across
text: a span of 84 years. Until they can figure out the best way to preserve it,
text: they have to keep it immersed. It sways and ripples, almost as if alive.
text: TIGHT ON Rose's ancient eyes, gazing at the drawing.
text: 25 FLASHCUT of a man's hand, holding a conte crayon deftly creating a
text: shoulder and the shape of her hair with two efficient lines.
text: 26 THE WOMAN'S FACE IN THE DRAWING, dancing under the water.
text: 27 A FLASHCUT of a man's eyes, just visible over the top of a sketching
text: pad. They look up suddenly right into the LENS. Soft eyes, but fearlessly
dialog: direct.
text: 28 Rose smiles, remembering. Brock has the reference photo of the necklace
text: in his hand.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Louis the Sixteenth wore a fabulous stone, called the Blue Diamond of the
dialog: Crown, which disappeared in 1792, about the time Louis lost everything from
dialog: the neck up. The theory goes that the crown diamond was chopped too...
text: recut into a heart-like shape... and it became Le Coeur de la Mer. The
dialog: Heart of the Ocean. Today it would be worth more than the Hope Diamond.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It was a dreadful, heavy thing.
dialog: (she points at the drawing)
dialog: I only wore it this once.
speaker_heading: LIZZY
dialog: You actually believe this is you, grandma?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It is me, dear. Wasn't I a hot number?
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: I tracked it down through insurance records... and old claim that was
dialog: settled under terms of absolute secrecy. Do you know who the claiment was,
dialog: Rost?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Someone named Hockley, I should imagine.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Nathan Hockley, right. Pittsburgh steel tycoon. For a diamond necklace his
dialog: son Caledon Hockley bought in France for his fiancee... you... a week
dialog: before he sailed on Titanic. And the claim was filed right after the
dialog: sinking. So the diamond had to've gone down with the ship.
dialog: (to Lizzy)
dialog: See the date?
speaker_heading: LIZZY
dialog: April 14, 1912.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: If your grandma is who she says she is, she was wearing the diamond the day
dialog: Titanic sank.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: LOVETT (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Rose)
dialog: And that makes you my new best friend. I will happily compensate you for
dialog: anything you can tell us that will lead to its recovery.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I don't want your money, Mr. Lovett. I know how hard it is for people who
dialog: care greatly for money to give some away.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: You don't want anything?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (indicating the drawing)
dialog: You may give me this, if anything I tell you is of value.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Deal.
dialog: (crossing the room)
dialog: Over here are a few things we've recovered from your staterooms.
text: Laid out on a worktable are fifty or so objects, from mundane to valuable.
text: Rose, shrunken in her chair, can barely see over the table top. With a
text: trembling hand she lifts a tortoise shell hand mirror, inlaid with mother
text: of pearl. She caresses it wonderingly.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: This was mine. How extraordinary! It looks the same as the last time I saw
dialog: it.
text: She turns the mirror over and looks at her ancient face in the cracked
dialog: glass.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: The reflection has changed a bit.
text: She spies something else, a silver and moonstone art-nouveau brooch.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: My mother's brooch. She wanted to go back for it. Caused quite a fuss.
text: Rose picks up an ornate art-nouveau HAIR COMB. A jade butterfly takes
text: flight on the ebony handle of the comb. She turns it slowly, remembering.
text: We can see that Rose is experiencing a rush of images and emotions that
text: have lain dormant for eight decades as she handles the butterfly comb.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Are you ready to go back to Titanic?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 29 INT. IMAGING SHACK / KELDYSH
text: It is a darkened room lined with TV monitors. IMAGES OF THE WRECK fill the
text: screens, fed from Mir One and Two, and the two ROVs, Snoop Dog and DUNCAN.
speaker_heading: BODINE
text: Live from 12,000 feet.
text: ROSE stares raptly at the screens. She is enthraled by one in particular,
text: an image of the bow railing. It obviously means something to her. Brock is
text: studying her reactions carefully.
speaker_heading: BODINE
text: The bow's struck in the bottom like an axe, from the impact. Here... I can
dialog: run a simulation we worked up on this monitor over here.
text: Lizzy turns the chair so Rose can see the screen of Bodine's computer. As
text: he is calling up the file, he keeps talking.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: We've put together the world's largest database on the Titanic. Okay,
dialog: here...
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Rose might not want to see this, Lewis.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No, no. It's fine. I'm curious.
text: Bodine starts a COMPUTER ANIMATED GRAPHIC on the screen, which parallels
text: his rapid-fire narration.
speaker_heading: BODINE
text: She hits the berg on the starboard side and it sort of bumps along...
text: punching holes like a morse code... dit dit dit, down the side. Now she's
dialog: flooding in the
speaker_heading: BODINE (cont'd)
text: forward compartments... and the water spills over the tops of the
text: bulkheads, going aft. As her bow is going down, her stern is coming up...
text: slow at first... and then faster and faster until it's lifting all that
dialog: weight, maybe 20 or 30 thousand tons... out of the water and the hull can't
dialog: deal... so SKRTTT!!
dialog: (making a sound in time with the animation)
text: ... it splits! Right down to the keel, which acts like a big hinge. Now the
text: bow swings down and the stern falls back level... but the weight of the bow
text: pulls the stern up vertical, and then the bow section detaches, heading for
text: the bottom. The stern bobs like a cork, floods and goes under about 2:20
text: a.m. Two hours and forty minutes after the collision.
text: The animation then follows the bow section as it sinks. Rose watches this
text: clinical dissection of the disaster without emotion.
speaker_heading: BODINE
text: The bow pulls out of its dive and planes away, almost a half a mile, before
text: it hits the bottom going maybe 12 miles an hour. KABOOM!
text: The bow impacts, digging deeply into the bottom, the animation now follows
dialog: the stern.
speaker_heading: BODINE
text: The stern implodes as it sinks, from the pressure, and rips apart from the
text: force of the current as it falls, landing like a big pile of junk.
dialog: (indicating the simulation)
dialog: Cool huh?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Thank you for that fine forensic analysis, Mr. Bodine. Of course the
dialog: experience of it was somewhat less clinical.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Will you share it with us?
text: Her eyes go back to the screens, showing the sad ruins far below them.
text: A VIEW from one of the subs TRACKING SLOWLY over the boat deck. Rose
text: recognizes one of the Wellin davits, still in place. She hears ghostly
text: waltz music. The faint and echoing sound of an officer's voice, English
text: accented, calling "Women and children only".
text: 30 FLASH CUTS of screaming faces in a running crowd. Pandemonium and
text: terror. People crying, praying, kneeling on the deck. Just impressions...
text: flashes in the dark.
text: 31 Rose Looks at another monitor. SNOOP DOG moving down a rusted,
text: debris-filled corridor. Rose watches the endless row of doorways sliding
text: past, like dark mouths.
text: 32 IMAGE OF A CHILD, three years old, standing ankle deep in water in the
text: middle of an endless corridor. The child is lost alone, crying.
text: 33 Rose is shaken by the flood of memories and emotions. Her eyes well up
text: and she puts her head down, sobbing quietly.
speaker_heading: LIZZY
dialog: (taking the wheelchair)
dialog: I'm taking her to rest.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No!
text: Her voice is surprisingly strong. The sweet little old lady is gone,
text: replaced by a woman with eyes of steel. Lovett signals everyone to stay
dialog: quiet.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Tell us, Rose.
text: She looks from screen to screen, the images of the ruined ship.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It's been 84 years...
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Just tell us what you can--
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (holds up her hand for silence)
dialog: It's been 84 years... and I can still smell the fresh paint. The china had
dialog: never been used. The sheets had never been slept in.
text: He switches on the minirecorder and sets it near her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Titanic was called the Ship of Dreams. And it was. It really was...
text: As the underwater camera rises past the rusted bow rail, WE DISSOLVE /
text: MATCH MOVE to that same railing in 1912...
speaker_heading: MATCH DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: 34 EXT. SOUTHAMPTON DOCK - DAY
text: SHOT CONTINUES IN A FLORIOUS REVEAL as the gleaming white superstructure of
text: Titanic rises mountainously beyond the rail, and above that the
text: buff-colored funnels stand against the sky like the pillars of a great
text: temple. Crewmen move across the deck, dwarfed by the awesome scale of the
dialog: steamer.
text: Southanmpton, England, April 10, 1912. It is almost nnon on ailing day. A
text: crowd of hundreds blackens the pier next to Titanic like ants on a jelly
dialog: sandwich.
text: IN FG a gorgeous burgundy RENAULT TOURING CAR swings into frame, hanging
text: from a loading crane. It is lowered toward HATCH #2.
text: On the pier horsedrawn vehicles, motorcars and lorries move slowly through
text: the dense throng. The atmosphere is one of excitement and general
text: giddiness. People embrace in tearful farewells, or wave and shout bon
text: voyage wishes to friends and relatives on the decks above.
text: A white RENAULT, leading a silver-gray DAIMLER-BENZ, pushes through the
text: crowd leaving a wake in the press of people. Around the handsome cars
text: people are streaming to board the ship, jostling with hustling seamen and
text: stokers, porters, and barking WHITE STAR LINE officials.
text: The Renault stops and the LIVERIED DRIVER scurries to open the door for a
text: YOUNG WOMAN dressed in a stunning white and purple outfit, with an enormous
text: feathered hat. She is 17 years old and beautiful, regal of bearing, with
text: piercing eyes.
text: It is the girl in the drawing. ROSE. She looks up at the ship, taking it in
text: with cool appraisal.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: I don't see what all the fuss is about. It doesn't look any bigger than the
dialog: Mauretania.
text: A PERSONAL VALET opens the door on the other side of the car for CALEDON
text: HOCKLEY, the 30 year old heir to the elder Hockley's fortune. "Cal" is
text: handsome, arrogant and rich beyond meaning.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: You can be blase about some things, Rose, but not about Titanic. It's over
text: a hundred feet longer than Mauretania, and far more luxurious. It has
text: squash courts, a Parisian cafe... even Turkish baths.
text: Cal turns and fives his hand to Rose's mother, RUTH DEWITT BUKATER, who
text: descends from the touring car being him. Ruth is a 40ish society empress,
text: from one of the most prominent Philadelphia families. She is a widow, and
text: rules her household with iron will.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Your daughter is much too hard to impress, Ruth.
dialog: (indicating a puddle)
dialog: Mind your step.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (gazing at the leviathan)
dialog: So this is the ship they say is unsinkable.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: It is unsinkable. God himself couldn't sink this ship.
text: Cal speaks with the pride of a host providing a special experience.
text: This entire entourage of rich Americans is impeccably turned out, a
text: quintessential example of the Edwardian upper class, complete with
text: servants. Cal's VALET, SPICER LOVEJOY, is a tall and impassive, dour as an
text: undertaker. Behind him emerge TWO MAIDS, personal servants to Ruth and
dialog: Rose.
text: A WHITE STAR LINE PORTER scurries toward them, harried by last minute
dialog: loading.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Sir, you'll have to check your baggage through the main terminal, round
dialog: that way--
text: Cal nonchalantly hands the man a fiver. The porter's eyes dilate. Five
dialog: pounds was a monster tip in those days.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: I put my faith in you, good sir.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: CAL (CONT'D)
dialog: (curtly, indicating Lovejoy)
dialog: See my man.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Yes, sir. My pleasure, sir.
text: Cal never tires of the effect of money on the unwashed masses.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
dialog: (to the porter)
dialog: These trunks here, and 12 more in the Daimler. We'll have all this lot up
text: in the rooms.
text: The White Star man looks stricken when he sees the enormous pile of steamer
text: trunks and suitcases loading down the second car, including wooden crates
text: and steel safe. He whistles frantically for some cargo-handlers nearby who
dialog: come running.
text: Cal breezes on, leaving the minions to scramble. He quickly checks his
dialog: pocket watch.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: We'd better hurry. This way, ladies.
text: He indicates the way toward the first class gangway. They move into the
text: crowd. TRUDY BOLT, Rose's maid, hustles behind them, laden with bags of her
dialog: mistress's most recent purchases... things too delicate for the baggage
dialog: handlers.
text: Cal leads, weaving between vehicles and handcarts, hurrying passengers
text: (mostly second class and steerage) and well-wishers. Most of the first
text: class passengers are avoiding the smelly press of the dockside crowd by
text: using an elevated boarding bridge, twenty feet above.
text: They pass a line of steerage passengers in their coarse wool and tweeds,
text: queued up inside movable barriers like cattle in a chute. A HEALTH OFFICER
text: examines their heads one by one, checking scalp and eyelashes for lice.
text: They pass a well-dressed young man cranking the handle of a wooden Biograph
text: "cinematograph" camera mounted on a tripod. NANIEL MARVIN (whose father
text: founded the Biograph Film Studio) is filming his young bride in front of
text: the Titanic. MARY MARVIN stands stiffly and smiles, self conscious.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Look up at the ship, darling, that's it. You're amazed! You can't believe
dialog: how big it is! Like a mountain. That's great.
text: Mary Marvin, without an acting fiber in her body, does a bad Clara Bow
text: pantomime of awe, hands raised.
text: Cal is jostled by two yelling steerage boys who shove past him. And he is
text: bumped again a second later by the boys' father.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Steady!!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Sorry squire!
text: The Cockney father pushes on, after his kids, shouting.
speaker_heading: CAL
text: Steerage swine. Apparently missed his annual bath.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Honestly, Cal, if you weren't forever booking everything at the last
dialog: instant, we could have gone through the terminal instead of running along
text: the dock like some squalid immigrant family.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: All part of my charm, Ruth. At any rate, it was my darling fiancee's beauty
dialog: rituals which made us late.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You told me to change.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: I couldn't let you wear black on sailing day, sweetpea. It's bad luck.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I felt like black.
text: Cal guides them out of the path of a horse-drawn wagon loaded down with two
text: tons of OXFORD MARMALADE, in wooden cases, for Titanic's Victualling
dialog: Department.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Here I've pulled every string I could to book us on the grandest ship in
dialog: history, in her most luxurious suites... and you act as if you're going to
dialog: your execution.
text: Rose looks up as the hull of Titanic looms over them...a great iron wall,
text: Bible black and sever. Cal motions her forward, and she enters the gangway
text: to the D Deck doors with a sense of overwhelming dread.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: It was the ship of dreams... to everyone else. To me it was a slave ship,
dialog: taking me back to America in chains.
text: CLOSE ON CAL'S HAND IN SLOW-MOTION as it closes possessively over Rose's
text: arm. He escorts her up the gangway and the black hull of Titanic swallows
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: Outwardly I was everything a well brought up girl should be. Inside, I was
text: screaming.
text: 35 CUT TO a SCREAMING BLAST from the mighty triple steam horns on Titanic's
text: funnels, bellowing their departure warning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 36 EXT. SOUTHAMPTON DOCKS / TITANIC - DAY
text: A VIEW OF TITANIC from several blocks away, towering above the terminal
text: buildings like the skyline of a city. The steamer's whistle echoes across
dialog: Southampton.
text: PULL BACK, revealing that we were looking through a window, and back
text: further to show the smoky inside of a pub. It is crowded with dockworkers
dialog: and ship;s crew.
text: Just inside the window, a poker game is in progress. FOUR MEN, in working
dialog: class clothes, play a very serious hand.
text: JACK DAWSON and FABRIZIO DE ROSSI, both about 20, exchange a glance as the
text: other two players argue in Swedish. Jack is American, a lanky drifter with
text: his hair a little long for the standards of the times. He is also unshaven,
text: and his clothes are rumpled from sleeping in them. He is an artist, and has
dialog: adopted the bohemian style of art scene in Paris. He is also very
text: self-possessed and sure-footed for 20, having lived on his own since 15.
text: The TWO SWEDES continue their sullen argument, in Swedish.
speaker_heading: OLAF
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: You stupid fishhead. I can't believe you bet our tickets.
speaker_heading: SVEN
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: You lost our money. I'm just trying to get it back. Now shutup and take a
dialog: card.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (jaunty)
dialog: Hit me again, Sven.
text: Jack takes the card and slips it into his hand.
text: ECU JACK'S EYES. They betray nothing.
text: CLOSE ON FABRIZIO licking his lips nervously as he refuses a card.
text: ECU STACK in the middle of the table. Bills and coins from four counrties.
text: This has been going on for a while. Sitting on top of the money are two 3RD
text: CLASS TICKETS for RMS TITANIC.
text: The Titanic's whistle blows again. Final warning.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The moment of truth boys. Somebody's life's about to change.
text: Fabrizio puts his cards down. So do the Swedes. Jack holds his close.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Let's see... Fabrizio's got niente. Olaf, you've got squat. Sven, uh oh...
text: two pair... mmm.
dialog: (turns to his friend)
dialog: Sorry Fabrizio.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: What sorry? What you got? You lose my money?? Ma va fa'n culo testa di
dialog: cazzo--
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sorry, you're not gonna see your mama again for a long time...
text: He slaps a full house down on the table.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: 'Cause you're goin' to America!! Full house boys!
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: Porca Madonna!! YEEAAAAA!!!
text: The table explodes into shouting in several languages. Jack rakes in the
dialog: money and the tickets.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (to the Swedes)
dialog: Sorry boys. Three of a kind and a pair. I'm high and you're dry and...
dialog: (to Fabrizio)
dialog: ... we're going to--
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO/JACK
dialog: L'AMERICA!!!
text: Olaf balls up one huge farmer's fist. We think he's going to clobber Jack,
text: but he swings round and punches Sven, who flops backward onto the floor and
text: sits there, looking depressed. Olaf forgets about Jack and Fabrizio, who
text: are dancing around, and goes into a rapid harangue of his stupid cousin.
text: Jack kisses the tickets, then jumps on Fabrizio's back and rides him around
text: the pub. It's like they won the lottery.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Goin' home... to the land o' the free and the home of the real hot-dogs! On
dialog: the TITANIC!! We're ridin' in high style now! We're practically goddamned
dialog: royalty, ragazzo mio!!
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: You see? Is my destinio!! Like I told you. I go to l'America!! To be a
dialog: millionaire!!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO (CONT'D)
dialog: (to pubkeeper)
dialog: Capito?? I go to America!!
speaker_heading: PUBKEEPER
dialog: No, mate. Titanic go to America. In five minutes.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Shit!! Come on, Fabri!
dialog: (grabbing their stuff)
dialog: Come on!!
dialog: (to all, grinning)
dialog: It's been grand.
text: They run for the door.
speaker_heading: PUBKEEPER
dialog: 'Course I'm sure if they knew it was you lot comin', they'd be pleased to
dialog: wait!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 37 OMITTED
scene_heading: 38 EXT. TERMINAL - TITANIC
text: Jack and Fabrizio, carrying everything they own in the world in the kit
text: bags on their shoulders, sprint toward the pier. They tear through milling
text: crowds next to the terminal. Shouts go up behind them as they jostle
text: slow-moving gentlemen. They dodge piles of luggage, and weave through
text: groups of people. They burst out onto the pier and Jack comes to a dead
text: stop... staring at the cast wall of the ship's hull, towering seven stories
text: above the wharf and over an eighth of a mile long. The Titanic is
dialog: monstrous.
text: Fabrizio runs back and grabs Jack, and they sprint toward the third class
text: gangway aft, at E deck. They reach the bottom of the ramp just as SIXTH
text: OFFICER MOODY detaches it at the top. It starts to swing down from the
text: gangway doors.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Wait!! We're passengers!
text: Flushed and panting, he waves the tickets.
speaker_heading: MOODY
dialog: Have you been through the inspection queue?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (lying cheerfully)
dialog: Of course! Anyway, we don't have lice, we're Americans.
dialog: (glances at Fabrizio)
dialog: Both of us.
speaker_heading: MOODY
dialog: (testy)
dialog: Right, come aboard.
text: Moody has QUARTERMASTER ROWE reattach the gangway. Jack and Fabrizio come
text: aboard. Moody glances at the tickets, then passes Jack and Fabrizio through
text: to Rowe. Rowe looks at the names on the tickets to enter them in the
dialog: passenger list.
speaker_heading: ROWE
dialog: Gundersen. And...
dialog: (reading Fabrizio's)
dialog: Gundersen.
text: He hands the tickets back, eyeing Fabrizio's Mediterranean looks
dialog: suspiciously.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (grabbing Fabrizio's arm)
dialog: Come on, Sven.
text: Jack and Fabrizio whoop with victory as they run down the white-painted
text: corridero... grinning from ear to ear.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We are the luckiest sons of bitches in the world!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 39 OMITTED
scene_heading: 40 EXT. TITANIC AND DOCK - DAY
text: The mooring lines, as big around as a man's arm, are dropped into the
text: water. A cheer goes up on the pier as SEVEN TUGS pull the Titanic away from
dialog: the quay.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 41 EXT. AFT WELL DECK / POOP DECK - DAY
text: JACK AND FABRIZIO burst through a door onto the aft well deck. TRACKING
text: WITH THEM as they run across the deck and up the steel stairs to the poop
text: deck. They get to the rail and Jack starts to yell and wave to the crowd on
dialog: the dock.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: You know somebody?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Of course not. That's not the point.
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: Goodbye! Goodbye!! I'll miss you!
text: Grinning, Fabrixio joins in, adding his voice to the swell of voices,
text: feeling the exhilaration of the moment.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: Goodbye! I will never forget you!!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 42 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHAMPTON DOCK - DAY
text: The crowd of cheering well-wishers waves heartily as a black wall of metal
text: moves past them. Impossibly tiny figues wave back from the ship's rails.
text: Titanic gathers speed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 44 EXT. RIVER TEST - DAY
text: IN A LONG LENS SHOT the prow of Titanic FILLS FRAME behind the lead tug,
text: which is dwarfed. The bow wave spreads before the mighty plow of the
text: liner's hull as it moves down the River Test toward the English Channel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 45 INT. THIRD CLASS BERTHING / G-DECK FORWARD - DAY
text: Jack and Fabrizio walk down a narrow corridor with doors lining both sides
text: like a college dorm. Total confusion as people argue over luggage in
text: several languages, or wander in confusion in the labyrinth. They pass
text: emigrants studying the signs over the doors, and looking up the words in
dialog: phrase books.
text: They find their berth. It is a modest cubicle, painted enamel white, with
text: four bunks. Exposed pipes overhead. The other two guys are already there.
text: OLAUS and BJORN GUNDERSEN.
text: Jack throws his kit on one open bunk, while Fabrizio takes the other.
speaker_heading: BJORN
dialog: (in Swedish/ subtitled)
dialog: Where is Sven?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 46 INT. SUITE B-52-56 - DAY
text: By contrast, the so-called "Millionaire Suite" is in the Empire style, and
text: comprises two bedrooms, a bath, WC, wardrobe room, and a large sitting
text: room. In addition there is a private 50 foot promenade deck outside.
text: A room service waiter pours champagne into a tulip glass of orange juice
text: and hands the Bucks Fizz to Rose. She is looking through her new paintings.
text: There is a Monet of water lilies, a Degas of dancers, and a few abstract
text: works. They are all unknown paintings... lost works.
text: Cal is out on the covered deck, which has potted trees and vines on
text: trellises, talking through the doorway to Rose in the sitting room.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Those mud puddles were certainly a waste of money.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (looking at a cubist portrait)
dialog: You're wrong. They're fascinating. Like in a dream... there's truth without
dialog: logic. What's his name again... ?
dialog: (reading off the canvas)
dialog: Picasso.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (coming into the sitting room)
dialog: He'll never amount to a thing, trust me. At least they were cheap.
text: A porter wheels Cal's private safe (which we recognize) into the room on a
text: handtruck.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Put that in the wardrobe.
text: 47 IN THE BEDROOM Rose enters with the large Degas of the dancers. She sets
text: it on the dresser, near the canopy bed. Trudy is already in there, hanging
text: up some of Rose's clothes.
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: It smells so brand new. Like they built it all just for us. I mean... just
dialog: to think that tonight, when I crawl between the sheets, Iill be the first--
text: Cal appears in the doorway of the bedroom.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (looking at Rose)
dialog: And when I crawl between the sheets tonight, I'll still be the first.
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: (blushing at the innuendo)
dialog: S'cuse me, Miss.
text: She edges around Cal and makes a quick exit. Cal comes up behind Rose and
text: puts his hands on her shoulders. An act of possession, not intimacy.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: The first and only. Forever.
text: Rose's expression shows how bleak a prospect this is for her, now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 48 EXT. CHERBOURG HARBOR, FRANCE - LATE DUSK
text: Titanic stands silhouetted against a purple post-sunset sky. She is lit up
text: like a floating palace, and her thousand portholes reflect in the calm
text: harbor waters. The 150 foot tender Nomadic lies-to alongside, looking like
text: a rowboat. The lights of a Cherbourg harbor complete the postcard image.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 49 INT. FIRST CLASS RECEPTION/ D-DECK
text: Entering the first class reception room from the tender are a number of
text: prominent passengers. A BROAD-SHOULDERED WOMAN in an enormous feathered hat
text: comes up the gangway, carrying a suitcase in each hand, a spindly porter
text: running to catch up with her to take the bags.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Well, I wasn't about to wait all day for you, sonny. Take 'em the rest of
dialog: the way if you think you can manage.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: At Cherbourg a woman came aboard named Margaret Brown, but we all called
dialog: her Molly. History would call her the Unsinkable Molly Brown. Her husband
dialog: had struck gold someplace out west, and she was what mother called "new
dialog: money".
text: At 45, MOLLY BROWN is a tough talking straightshooter who dresses in the
text: finery of her genteel peers but will never be one of them.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: By the next afternoon we had made our final stop and we were steaming west
dialog: from the coast of Ireland, with nothing out ahead of us but ocean...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 50 OMITTED
scene_heading: 51 EXT. BOW - DAY
text: The ship glows with the warm creamy light of late afternoon. Jack and
text: Fabrizio stand right at the bow gripping the curving railing so familiar
text: from images of the wreck. Jack leans over, looking down fifty feet to where
text: the prow cuts the surface like a knife, sending up two glassy sheets of
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 52 INT. / EXT. TITANIC - SERIES OF SCENES - DAY
text: ON THE BRIDGE, CAPTAIN SMITH turns from the binnacle to FIRST OFFICER
scene_heading: WILLIAM MURDOCH.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN SMITH
dialog: Take her to sea Mister Murdoch. Let's stretch her legs.
text: Murdoch moves the engine telegraph lever to ALL AHEAD FULL.
text: 53 NOW BEGINS a kind of musical/visual setpiece... an ode to the great
text: ship. The music is rhythmic, surging forward, with a soaring melody that
text: addresses the majesty and optimism of the ship of dreams.
text: IN THE ENGINE ROOM the telegraph clangs and moves to "All Ahead Full".
scene_heading: CHIEF ENGINEER BELL
dialog: All ahead full!
text: On the catwalk THOMAS ANDREWS, the shipbuilder, watches carefully as the
text: engineers and greasers scramble to adjust valves. Towering above them are
text: the twin RECIPROCATING engines, four stories tall, their ten-foot-long
text: connecting rods surging up and down with the turning of the massive
text: crankshafts. The engines thunder like the footfalls of marching giants.
text: 54 IN THE BOILER ROOMS the STOKERS chant a song as they hurl coal into the
text: roaring furnaces. The "black gang" are covered with sweat and coal dust,
text: their muscles working like part of the machinery as they toil in the
text: hellish glow.
text: 55 UNDERWATER the enormous bronze screws chop through the water, hurling
text: the steamer forward and churning up a vortex of foam that lingers for miles
text: behind the juggernaut ship. Smoke pours from the funnels as--
text: 56 The riven water flares higher at the bow as the ship's speeds builds.
text: THE CAMERA SWEEPS UP the prow to find Jack, the wind streaming through his
dialog: hair and--
text: 57 Captain Smith steps out of the enclosed bridge onto the wing. He stands
text: with his hands on the rail, looking every bit the storybook picture of a
dialog: Captain... a great patriarch of the sea.
scene_heading: FIRST OFFICER MURDOCH
dialog: Twenty one knots, sir!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: She's got a bone in her teeth now, eh, Mr. Murdoch.
text: Smith accepts a cup of tea from FIFTH OFFICER LOWE. He contentedly watches
text: the white V of water hurled outward from the bows like an expression of his
text: own personal power. They are invulnerable, towering over the sea.
text: 58 AT THE BOW Jack and Fabrizio lean far over, looking down.
text: In the glassy bow-wave two dolphins appear, under the water, running fast
text: just in front of the steel blade of the prow. They do it for the sheer joy
text: and exultation of motion. Jack watches the dolphins and grins. They breach,
text: jumping clear of the water and then dive back, crisscrossing in front of
text: the bow, dancing ahead of the juggernaut.
text: FABRIZIO looks forward across the Atlantic, staring into the sunsparkles.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
text: I can see the Statue of Liberty already.
dialog: (grinning at Jack)
dialog: Very small... of course.
text: THE CAMERA ARCS around them, until they are framed against the sea.
text: NOW WE PULL BACK, across the forecastle deck. Rising, as we continue back,
text: and the ships rolls endlessly forward underneath. Over the bridge wing,
text: along the boat deck until her funnels come INTO FRAME besides us and march
text: past like the pillars of heaven, one by one. We pull back and up, until we
text: are looking down the funnels, and the people strolling on the decks and
text: standing at the rail become antlike.
text: And still we pull back until the great lady is seen whole in a gorgeous
text: aerial portrait, black and severe in her majesty.
speaker_heading: ISMAY (V.O.)
text: She is the largest moving object ever made by the hand of man in all
dialog: history...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 59 INT. PALM COURT RESTAURANT - DAY
text: CLOSE ON J. BRUCE ISMAY, Managing Director of White Star Line.
speaker_heading: ISMAY
dialog: ...and our master shipbuilder, Mr. Andrews here, designed her from the keel
dialog: plates up.
text: He indicates a handsome 39 year old Irish gentlemen to his right, THOMAS
text: ANDREWS, of Harland and Wolf Shipbuilders.
text: WIDER, showing the group assembled for lunch the next day. Ismay seated
text: with Cal, Rose, Ruth, Molly Brown and Thomas Andrews in the Palm Court, a
text: beautiful sunny spot enclosed by high arched windows.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: (disliking the attention)
dialog: Well, I may have knocked her together, but the idea was Mr. Ismay's. He
dialog: envisioned a steamer so grand in scale, and so luxurious in its
dialog: appointments, that its supremacy would never be challenged. And here she
dialog: is...
dialog: (he slaps the table)
dialog: ...willed into solid reality.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Why're ships always bein' called "she"? Is it because men think half the
dialog: women around have big sterns and should be weighed in tonnage?
dialog: (they all laugh)
dialog: Just another example of the men settin' the rules their way.
text: The waiter arrives to take orders. Rose lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You know I don't like that, Rose.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: She knows.
text: Cal takes the cigarette from her and stubs it out.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (to the waiter)
dialog: We'll both have the lamb. Rare, with a little mint sauce.
dialog: (to Rose, after the waiter moves away)
dialog: You like lamb, don't you sweetpea?
text: Molly is watching the dynamic between Rose, Cal and Ruth.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: So, you gonna cut her meat for her too there, Cal?
dialog: (turning to Ismay)
dialog: Hey, who came up with the name Titanic? You, Bruce?
speaker_heading: ISMAY
dialog: Yes, actually. I wanted to convey sheer size. And size means stability,
dialog: luxury... and safety--
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Do you know of Dr. Freud? His ideas about the male preoccupation with size
dialog: might be of particular interest to you, Mr. Ismay.
text: Andrews chockes on his breadstick, suppressing laughter.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: My God, Rose, what's gotten into--
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Excuse me.
text: She stalks away.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (mortified)
dialog: I do apologize.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: She's a pistol, Cal. You sure you can handle her?
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (tense but feigning unconcern)
dialog: Well, I may have to start minding what she reads from now on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 60 EXT. POOP DECK / AFTER DECKS - DAY
text: Jack sits on a bench in the sun. Titanic's wake spreads out behind him to
text: the horizon. He has his knees pulled up, supporting a leather bound
text: sketching pad, his only valuable possession. With conte crayon he draws
text: rapidly, using sure strokes. An emigrant from Manchester named CARTMELL has
text: his 3 year old daughter CORA standing on the lower rung of the rail. She is
text: leaned back against his beer barrel of a stomach, watching the seagulls.
text: THE SKETCH captures them perfectly, with a great sense of the humanity of
text: the moment. Jack is good. Really good. Fabrizio looks over Jack's shoulder.
text: He nods appreciatively.
text: TOMMY RYAN, a scowling young Irish emigrant, watches as a crewmember comes
text: by, walking three small dogs around the deck. One of them, a BLACK FRENCH
text: BULLDOG, is among the ugliest creatures on the planet.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: That's typical. First class dogs come down here to take a shit.
text: Jack looks up from his sketch.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's so we know where we rank in the scheme of things.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Like we could forget.
text: Jack glances across the well deck. At the aft railing of B deck promenade
text: stands ROSE, in a long yellow dress and white gloves.
text: CLOSE ON JACK, unable to take his eyes off of her. They are across from
text: each other, about 60 feet apart, with the well deck like a valley between
text: them. She on her promontory, he on his much lower one. She stares down at
dialog: the water.
text: He watches her unpin her elaborate hat and take it off. She looks at the
text: frilly absurd thing, then tosses it over the rail. It sails far down to the
text: water and is carried away, astern. A spot of yellow in the vast ocean. He
text: is riveted by her. She looks like a figure in a romantic novel, sad and
dialog: isolated.
text: Fabrizio taps Tommy and they both look at Jack gazin at Rose. Fabrizio and
text: Tommy grin at each other.
text: Rose turns suddenly and looks right at Jack. He is caught staring, but he
text: doesn't look away. She does, but then looks back. Their eyes meet across
text: the space of the well deck, across the gulf between worlds.
text: Jack sees a man (Cal) come up behind her and take her arm. She jerks her
text: arm away. They argue in pantomime. She storms away, and he goes after her,
text: disappearing along the A-deck promenade. Jack stares after her.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Forget it, boyo. You'd as like have angels fly out o' yer arse as get next
dialog: to the likes o' her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 61 INT. FIRST CLASS DINING SALOON - NIGHT
text: SLOWLY PUSHING IN ON ROSE as she sits, flanked by people in heated
text: conversation. Cal and Ruth are laughing together, while on the other side
text: LADY DUFF-GORDON is holding forth animatedly. We don't hear what they are
text: saying. Rose is staring at her plate, barely listening to the
text: inconsequential babble around her.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: I saw my whole life as if I'd already lived it... an endless parade of
dialog: parties and cotillions, yachts and polo matches... always the same narrow
text: people, the same mindless chatter. I felt like I was standing at a great
dialog: precipice, with no one to pull me back, no one who cared... or even
dialog: noticed.
text: ANGLE BENEATH TABLE showing Rose's hand, holding a tiny fork from her crab
text: salad. She pokes the crab-fork into the skin of her arm, harder and harder
text: until it draws blood.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 62 INT. CORRIDOR / B DECK - NIGHT
text: Rose walks along the corridor. A steward coming the other way greets her,
text: and she nods with a slight smile. She is perfectly composed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 63 INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: She enters the room. Stands in the middle, staring at her reflection in the
text: large vanity mirror. Just stands there, then--
text: With a primal, anguished cry she claws at her throat, ripping off her pearl
text: necklace, which explodes across the room. In a frenzy she tears at herself,
text: her clothes, her hair... then attacks the room. She flings everything off
text: the dresser and it flies clattering against the wall. She hurls a
text: handmirror against the vanity, cracking it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 64 EXT. A DECK PROMENADE, AFT - NIGHT
text: Rose runs along the B deck promenade. She is dishevelled, her hair flying.
text: She is crying, her cheeks streaked with tears. But also angry, furious!
text: Shaking with emotions she doesn't understand... hatred, self-hatred,
text: desperation. A strolling couple watch her pass. Shocked at the emotional
text: display in public.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 65 EXT. POOP DECK - NIGHT
text: Jack is kicked back on one of the benches gazing at the stars blazing
text: gloriously overhead. Thinking artist thoughts and smoking a cigarette.
text: Hearing something, he turns as Rose runs up the stairs from the well deck.
text: They are the only two on the stern deck, except for QUARTERMASTER ROWE,
text: twenty feet above them on the docking bridge catwalk. She doesn't see Jack
text: in the shadows, and runs right past him.
text: TRACKING WITH ROSE as she runs across the deserted fantail. Her breath
text: hitches in an occasional sob, which she suppresses. Rose slams against the
text: base of the stern flagpole and clings there, panting. She stares out at the
text: black water.
text: Then starts to climb over the railing. She has to hitch her long dress way
text: up, and climbing is clumsy. Moving methodically she turns her body and gets
text: her heels on the white-painted gunwale, her back to the railing, facing out
text: toward blackness. 60 feet below her, the massive propellers are churning
text: the atlantin into white foam, and a ghostly wake trails off toward the
dialog: horizon.
text: IN A LOW ANGLE, we see Rose standing like a figurehead in reverse. Below
text: her are the huge letters of the name "TITANIC".
text: She leans out, her arms straightening... looking down hypnotized, into the
text: vortex below her. Her dress and hair are lifted by the wind of the ship's
text: movement. The only sound, above the rush of water below, is the flutter and
text: snap of the big Union Jack right above her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't do it.
text: She whips her head around at the sound of his voice. It takes a second for
text: her eyes to focus.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Stay back! Don't come any closer!
text: Jack sees the tear tracks on her cheeks in the faint glow from the stern
text: running lights.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Take my hand. I'll pull you back in.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No! Stay where you are. I mean it. I'll let go.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No you won't.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What do you mean no I won't? Don't presume to tell me what I will and will
dialog: not do. You don't know me.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You would have done it already. Now come on, take my hand.
text: Rose is confused now. She can't see him very well through the tears, so she
text: wipes them with one hand, almost losing her balance.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You're distracting me. Go away.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I can't. I'm involved now. If you let go I have to jump in after you.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Don't be absurd. You'll be killed.
text: He takes off his jacket.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm a good swimmer.
text: He starts unlacing his left shoe.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: The fall alone would kill you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It would hurt. I'm not saying it wouldn't. To be honest I'm a lot more
text: concerned about the water being so cold.
text: She looks down. The reality factor of what she is doing is sinking in.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: How cold?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (taking off his left shoe)
text: Freezing. Maybe a couple degrees over.
text: He starts unlacing his right shoe.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ever been to Wisconsin?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (perplexed)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well they have some of the coldest winters around, and I grew up there,
dialog: near Chippewa Falls. Once when I was a kid me and my father were
dialog: ice-fishing out on Lake Wissota... ice-fishing's where you chop a hole in
dialog: the--
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I know what ice fishing is!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sorry. Just... you look like kind of an indoor girl. Anyway, I went through
dialog: some thin ice and I'm tellin' ya, water that cold... like that right down
dialog: there... it hits you like a thousand knives all over your body. You can't
dialog: breath, you can't think... least not about anything but the pain.
dialog: (takes off his other shoe)
dialog: Which is why I'm not looking forward to jumping in after you. But like I
dialog: said, I don't see a choice. I guess I'm kinda hoping you'll come back over
dialog: the rail and get me off the hook here.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You're crazy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's what everybody says. But with all due respect, I'm not the one
text: hanging off the back of a ship.
text: He slides one step closer, like moving up on a spooked horse.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come on. You don't want to do this. Give me your hand.
text: Rose stares at this madman for a long time. She looks at his eyes and they
text: somehow suddenly seem to fill her universe.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Alright.
text: She unfastens one hand from the rail and reaches it around toward him. He
text: reaches out to take it, firmly.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm Jack Dawson.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (voice quavering)
dialog: Pleased to meet you, Mr. Dawson.
text: Rose starts to turn. Now that she has decided to live, the height is
text: terrifying. She is overcome by vertigo as she shifts her footing, turning
text: to face the ship. As she starts to climb, her dress gets in the way, and
text: one foot slips off the edge of the deck.
text: She plunges, letting out a piercing SHRIEK. Jack, gripping her hand, is
text: jerked toward the rail. Rose barely grabs a lower rail with her free hand.
text: QUARTERMASTER ROWE, up on the docking bridge hears the scream and heads for
dialog: the ladder.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: HELP! HELP!!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I've got you. I won't let go.
text: Jack holds her hand with all his strength, bracing himself on the railing
text: with his other hand. Rose tries to get some kind of foothold on the smooth
text: hull. Jack tries to lift her bodily over the railing. She can't get any
text: footing in her dress and evening shoes, and she slips back. Rose SCREAMS
dialog: again.
text: Jack, awkwardly clutching Rose by whatever he can get a grip on as she
text: flails, gets her over the railing. They fall together onto the deck in a
text: tangled heap, spinning in such a way that Jack winds up slightly on top of
dialog: her.
text: Rowe slides down the ladder from the docking bridge like it's a fire drill
text: and sprints across the fantail.
speaker_heading: ROWE
dialog: Here, what's all this?!
text: Rowe runs up and pulls Jack off of Rose, revealing her dishevelled and
text: sobbing on the deck. Her dress is torn, and the hem is pushing up above her
text: knees, showing one ripped stocking. He looks at Jack, the shaggy steerage
text: man with his jacket off, and the first class lady clearly in distress, and
text: starts drawing conclusions. Two seamen chug across the deck to join them.
speaker_heading: ROWE
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: Here you, stand back! Don't move an inch!
dialog: (to the seamen)
dialog: Fetch the Master at Arms.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 66 EXT. POOP DECK - NIGHT
text: A few minutes later. Jack is being detained by the burly MASTER AT ARMS,
text: the closest thing to a cop on board. He is handcuffing Jack. Cal is right
text: in front of Jack, and furious. He has obviously just rushed out here with
text: Lovejoy and another man, and none of them have coats over their black tie
text: evening dress. The other man is COLONEL ARCHIBALD GRACIE, a mustachioed
text: blowhard who still has his brandy snifter. He offers it to Rose, who is
text: hunched over crying on a bench nearby, but she waves it away. Cal is more
text: concerned with Jack. He grabs him by the lapels.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: What made you think you could put your hands on my fiancee?! Look at me,
dialog: you filth! What did you think you were doing?!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Cal, stop! It was an accident.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: An accident?!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It was... stupid really. I was leaning over and I slipped.
text: Rose looks at Jack, getting eye contact.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: I was leaning way over, to see the... ah... propellers. And I slipped and I
dialog: would have gone overboard... and Mr. Dawson here saved me and he almost
dialog: went over himself.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: You wanted to see the propellers?
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: (shaking his head)
text: Women and machinery do not mix.
speaker_heading: MASTER AT ARMS
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: Was that the way of it?
text: Rose is begging him with her eyes not to say what really happened.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh huh. That was pretty much it.
text: He looks at Rose a moment longer. Now they have a secret together.
speaker_heading: COLONEL GRACIE
dialog: Well! The boy's a hero then. Good for you son, well done!
dialog: (to Cal)
dialog: So it's all's well and back to our brandy, eh?
text: Jack is uncuffed. Cal gets Rose to her feet and moving.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (rubbing her arms)
dialog: Let's get you in. You're freezing.
text: Cal is leaving without a second thought for Jack.
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: (low)
dialog: Ah... perhaps a little something for the boy?
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Oh, right. Mr. Lovejoy. A twenty should do it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Is that the going rate for saving the woman you love?
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Rose is displeased. Mmm... what to do?
text: Cal turns back to Jack. He appraises him condescendingly... a steerage
text: ruffian, unwashed and ill-mannered.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: I know.
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: Perhaps you could join us for dinner tomorrow, to regale our group with
dialog: your heroic tale?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (looking straight at Rose)
dialog: Sure. Count me in.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Good. Settled then.
text: Cal turns to go, putting a protective arm around Rose. he leans close to
text: Gracie as they walk away.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: This should be amusing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (as Lovejoy passes)
dialog: Can I bum a cigarette?
text: Lovejoy smoothly draws a silver cigarette case from his jacket and snaps it
text: open. Jack takes a cigarette, then another, popping it behind his ear for
text: later. Lovejoy lights Jack's cigarette.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
dialog: You'll want to tie those.
dialog: (Jack looks at his shoes)
dialog: Interesting that the young lady slipped so mighty all of a sudden and you
dialog: still had time to take of your jacket and shoes. Mmmm?
text: Lovejoy's expression is bland, but the eyes are cold. He turns away to join
dialog: his group.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 67 INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: As she undresses for bed Rose sees Cal standing in her doorway, reflected
text: in the cracked mirror of her vanity. He comes toward her.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (unexpectedly tender)
dialog: I know you've een melancholy, and I don't pretent to know why.
text: From behind his back he hands her a large black velvet jewel case. She
text: takes it, numbly.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: I intended to save this till the engagement gals next week. But I thought
dialog: tonight, perhaps a reminder of my feeling for you...
text: Rose slowly opens the box. Inside is the necklace... "HEART OF THE OCEAN"
text: in all its glory. It is huge... a malevolent blue stone glittering with an
text: infinity of scalpel-like inner reflections.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: My God... Cal. Is it a--
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Daimond. Yes it is. 56 carats.
text: He takes the necklace and during the following places it around her throat.
text: He turns her to the mirror, staring behind her.
speaker_heading: CAL
text: It was once worn by Louis the Sixteenth. They call it Le Coeur de la Mer,
dialog: the--
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: The Heart of the Ocean. Cal, it's... it's overwhelming.
text: He gazes at the image of the two of them in the mirror.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: It's for royalty. And we are royalty.
text: His fingers caress her neck and throat. He seems himself to be disarmed by
text: Rose's elegance and beauty. His emotion is, for the first time, unguarded.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: There's nothing I couldn't give you. There's nothing I'd deny you if you
dialog: would deny me. Open your heart to me, Rose.
text: CAMERA begins to TRACK IN ON ROSE. Closer and closer, during the following:
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: Of course his gift was only to reflect light back onto himself, to
text: illuminate the greatness that was Caledon Hockley. It was a cold stone... a
text: heart of ice.
text: Finally, when Rose's eyes FILL FRAM, we MORPH SLOWLY to her eyes as the are
dialog: now... transforming through 84 years of life...
speaker_heading: TRANSITION
scene_heading: 68 INT. KELDYSH IMAGING SHACK
text: Without a cut the wrinkled, weathered landscape of age has appeared around
text: her eyes. But the eyes themselves are the same.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE
text: After all these years, feel it closing around my throat like a dog collar.
text: THE CAMERA PUllS BACK to show her whole face.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I can still feel its weight. If you could have felt it, not just seen it...
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Well, that's the general idea, my dear.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: So let me get this right. You were gonna kill yourself by jumping off the
dialog: Titanic?
dialog: (he guffaws)
dialog: That's great!
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: (warningly)
dialog: Lewis...
text: But Rose laughs with Bodine.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: (still laughing)
dialog: All you had to do was wait two days!
text: Lovett, standing out of Rose's sightline, checks his watch. Hours have
dialog: passed. This process is taking too long.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Rose, tell us more about the diamond. What did Hockley do with it after
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Im afraid I'm feeling a little tired, Mr. Lovett.
text: Lizzy picks up the cue and starts to wheel her out.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Wait! Can you give us something go on, here. Like who had access to the
dialog: safe. What about this Lovejoy guy? The valet. Did he have the combination?
speaker_heading: LIZZY
dialog: That's enough.
text: Lizzy takes her out. Rose's old hand reapears at the doorway in a frail
dialog: wave goodbye.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 69 EXT. LAUNCH AREA/KELDYSH DECK - DAY
text: As the big hydraulic jib swings one of the Mir subs out over the water.
text: Lovett walks as he talks with Bobby Buell, the partners' rep. They weave
text: among deck cranes, launch crew, sub maintenance guys.
speaker_heading: BUELL
text: The partners are pissed.
speaker_heading: BROCK
dialog: Bobby, buy me time. I need time.
speaker_heading: BUELL
dialog: We're running thirty thousand a day, and we're six days over. I'm telling
dialog: you what they're telling me. The hand is on the plug. It's starting to
dialog: pull.
speaker_heading: BROCK
dialog: Well you tell the hand I need another two days! Bobby, Bobby, Bobby...
text: we're close! I smell it. I smell ice. She had the diamond on... now we just
dialog: have to find out where it wound up. I just gotta work her a bit more. Okay?
text: Brock turns and sees Lizy standing behind him. She has overheard the past
text: part of his dialogue with Buell. He goes to her and hustles her away from
text: Buell, toward a quite spot on the deck.
speaker_heading: BROCK
dialog: Hey, Lizzy. I need to talk to you for a second.
speaker_heading: LIZZY
dialog: Don't you mean work me?
speaker_heading: BROCK
dialog: Look, I'm running out of time. I need your help.
speaker_heading: LIZZY
dialog: I'm not going to help you browbeat my hundred and
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: LIZZY (CONT'D)
dialog: one year old grandmother. I came down here to tell you to back off.
speaker_heading: BROCK
dialog: (with undisguised desperation)
dialog: Lizzy... you gotta understand something. I've bet it all to find the Heart
dialog: of the Ocean. I've got all my dough tied up in this thing. My wife even
dialog: divorced me over this hunt. I need what's locked inside your grandma's
dialog: memory.
dialog: (he holds out his hand)
dialog: You see this? Right here?
text: She looks at his hand, palm up. Empty. Cupped, as if around an imaginary
dialog: shape.
speaker_heading: LIZZY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BROCK
dialog: That's the shape my hand's gonna be when I hold that thing. You understand?
dialog: I'm not leaving here without it.
speaker_heading: LIZZY
dialog: Look, Brock, she's going to do this her way, in her own time. Don't forget,
dialog: she contacted you. She's out here for her own reasons, God knows what they
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Maybe she wants to make peace with the past.
speaker_heading: LIZZY
dialog: What past? She has never once, not once, ever said a word about being on
dialog: the Titanic until two days ago.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Then we're all meeting your grandmother for the first time.
speaker_heading: LIZZY
dialog: (looks at him hard)
dialog: You think she was really there?
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm a believer. She was there.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 70 INT. IMAGING SHACK
text: Bodine starts the tape recorder. Rose is gazing at the screen seeing THE
text: LIVE FEED FROM THE WRECK--SNOOP DOG is moving along the starboard side of
text: the hull, heading aft. The rectangular windows of A deck (forward) march
text: past on the right.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: The next day, Saturday, I remember thinking how the sunlight felt.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 71 EXT. B DECK TITANIC - DAY
text: MATCH DISSOLVE from the rusting hulk to the gleaming new Titanic in 1912,
text: passing the end of the enclosed promenade just as Rose walks into the
text: sunlight right in front of us. She is stunningly dressed and walking with
dialog: purpose.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: As if I hadn't felt the sun in years.
text: IT IS SATURDAY APRIL 13, 1912. Rose unlatches the gate to go down into
text: third class. The steerage men on the deck stop what they're doing and stare
text: at her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 72 INT. THIRD CLASS GENERAL ROOM
text: The social center of steerage life. It is stark by comparison to the
text: opulence of first class, but is a loud, boisterous place. There are mothers
text: with babies, kids running between the benches yelling in several languages
text: and being scolded in several more. There are old women yelling, men playing
text: chess, girls doing needlepoint and reading dime novels. There is even an
text: upright piano and Tommy Ryan is noodling around it.
text: Three boys, shrieking and shouting, are scrambling around chasing a rat
text: under the benches, trying to whomp it with a shoe and causing general
text: havoc. Jack is playing with 5 year old CORA CARTMeLL, drawing funny faces
text: together in his sketchbook.
text: Fabrizio is struggling to get a conversation going with an attractive
text: Norwegian girl, HELGA DAHL, sitting with her family at a table across the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: No Italian? Some little English?
speaker_heading: HELGA
dialog: No, no. Norwegian. Only.
text: Helga's eye is caught by something. Fabrizio looks, does a take... and
text: Jack, curious, follows their gaze to see...
text: Rose, coming toward them. The activity in the room stops... a hush falls.
text: Rose feels suddenly self-conscious as the steerage passengers stare openly
text: at this princess, some with resentment, others with awe. She spots Jack and
text: gives a little smile, walking straight to him. He rises to meet her,
text: smiling.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hello Jack.
text: Fabrizio and Tommy are floored. Its like the slipper fitting Cinderella.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hello again.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Could I speak to you in private?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh, yes. Of course. After you.
text: He motions her ahead and follows. Jack glances over his shoulder, one
text: eyebrow raised, as he walks out with her leaving a stunned silence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 73 EXT. BOAT DECK - DAY
text: Jack and Rose walk side by side. They pass people reading and talking in
text: steamer chairs, some of whom glance curiously at the mismatched couple. He
text: feels out of place in his rough clothes. They are both awkward, for
dialog: different reasons.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So, you got a name by the way?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Rose. Rose DeWitt Bukater.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's quite a moniker. I may hafta get you to write that down.
text: There is an awkward pause.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mr. Dawson, I--
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Jack.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Jack... I feel like such an idiot. It took me all morning to get up the
dialog: nerve to face you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, here you are.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Here I am. I... I want to thank you for what you did. Not just for... for
dialog: pulling me back. But for your discretion.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're welcome. Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Look, I know what you must be thinking! Poor little rich girl. What does
dialog: she know about misery?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's not what I was thinking. What I was thinking was... what could have
dialog: happened to hurt this girl so much she though she had no way out.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I don't... it wasn't just one thing. It was everything. It was them, it was
text: their whole world. And I was trapped in it, like an insect in amber.
dialog: (in a rush)
dialog: I just had to get away... just run and run and run... and then I was at the
dialog: back rail and there was no more ship... even the Titanic wasn't big enough.
dialog: Not enough to get away from them. And before I'd really though about it, I
dialog: was over the rail. I was so furious. I'll show them. They'll be sorry!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh huh. They'll be sorry. 'Course you'll be dead.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (she lowers her head)
dialog: Oh God, I am such an utter fool.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That penguin last night, is he one of them?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Penguin? Oh, Cal! He is them.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Is he your boyfriend?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Worse I'm afraid.
text: She shows him her engagement ring. A sizable diamond.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Gawd look at that thing! You would have gone straight to the bottom.
text: They laugh together. A passing steward scowls at Jack, who is clearly not a
text: first class passenger, but Rose just glares at him away.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So you feel like you're stuck on a train you can't get off 'cause you're
dialog: marryin' this fella.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, exactly!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So don't marry him.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: If only it were that simple.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It is that simple.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, Jack... please don't judge me until you've seen my world.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, I guess I will tonight.
text: Looking for another topic, any other topic, she indicates his sketchbook.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Just some sketches.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: May I?
text: The question is rhetorical because she has already grabbed the book. She
text: sits on a deck chair and opens the sketchbook. ON JACK'S sketches... each
text: one an expressive little bit of humanity: an old woman's hands, a sleeping
text: man, a father and daughter at the rail. The faces are luminous and alive.
text: His book is a celebration of the human condition.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Jack, these are quite good! Really, they are.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, they didn't think too much of 'em in Paree.
text: Some loose sketches fall out and are taken by the wind. Jack scrambles
text: after them... catching two, but the rest are gone, over the rail.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh no! Oh, I'm so sorry. Truly!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, they didn't think too much of 'em in Paree.
text: He snaps his wrist, shaking his drawing hand in a flourish.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I just seem to spew 'em out. Besides, they're not worth a damn anyway.
text: For emphasis he throws away the two he caught. They sail off.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You're deranged!
text: She goes back to the book, turning a page.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, well...
text: She has come upon a series of nudes. Rose is transfixed by the languid
text: beauty he has created. His nudes are soulful, real, with expressive hands
text: and eyes. They feel more like portraits than studies of the human form...
text: almost uncomfortably intimate. Rose blushes, raising the book as some
text: strollers go by.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (trying to be very adult)
dialog: And these were drawn from life?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yup. That's one of the great things about Paris. Lots of girls willing take
text: their clothes off.
text: She studies one drawing in particular, the girl posed half in sunlight,
text: half in shadow. Her hands lie at her chin, one furled and one open like a
text: flower, languid and graceful. The drawing is like an Alfred Steiglitz print
dialog: of Georgia O'Keefe.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You liked this woman. You used her several times.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: She had beautiful hands.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I think you must have had a love affair with her...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: No, no! Just with her hands.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (looking up from the drawings)
dialog: You have a gift, Jack. You do. You see people.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I see you.
text: There it is. That piercing gaze again.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: And...?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You wouldn'ta jumped.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 74 INT. RECEPTION ROOM / D-DECK - DAY
text: Ruth is having tea with NOEL LUCY MARTHA DYER-EDWARDES, the COUNTESS OF
text: ROTHES, a 35ish English blue-blood with patirician features. Ruth sees
text: someone coming across the room and lowers her voice.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Oh no, that vulgar Brown woman is coming this way. Get up, quickly before
text: she sits with us.
text: Molly Brown walks up, greeting them cheerfully as they are rising.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Hello girls, I was hoping I'd catch you at tea.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: We're awfully sorry you missed it. The Countess and I are just off to take
text: the air on the boat deck.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: That sounds great. Let's go. I need to catch up on the gossip.
text: Ruth grits her teeth as the three of them head for the Grand Staircase to
text: go up. TRACKING WITH THEM, as they cross the room, the SHOT HANDS OFF to
text: Bruce Ismay and Captain Smith at another table.
speaker_heading: ISMAY
dialog: So you've not lit the last four boilers then?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: No, but we're making excellent time.
speaker_heading: ISMAY
dialog: (impatiently)
text: Captain, the press knows the size of Titanic, let them marvel at her speed
dialog: too. We must give them something new to print. And the maiden voyage of
dialog: Titnaic must make headlines!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I prefer not to push the engines until they've been properly run in.
speaker_heading: ISMAY
dialog: Of course I leave it to your good offices to decide what's best, but what a
dialog: glorious end to your last crossing if we get into New York Tuesday night
dialog: and surprise them all.
text: (Ismay slaps his hand on the table)
dialog: Retire with a bang, eh, E.J?
text: A beat. Then Smith nods, stiffy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 75 EXT. A DECK PROMENADE - DAY
text: Rose and Jack stroll aft, past people lounging on deck chairs in the
text: slanting late-afternoon light. Stewards scurry to serve tea or hot cocoa.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (girlish and excited)
dialog: You know, my dream has always been to just chuck it all and become an
dialog: artist... living in a garret, poor but free!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You wouldn't last two days. There's no hot water, and hardly ever any
dialog: caviar.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (angry in a flash)
dialog: Listen, buster... I hate caviar! And I'm tired of people dismissing my
text: dreams with a chuckle and a pat on the head.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm sorry. Really... I am.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, alright. There's something in me, Jack. I feel it. I don't know what
dialog: it is, whether I should be an artist, or, I don't know... a dancer. Like
dialog: Isadora Duncan.... a wild pagan spirit...
text: She leaps forward, lands deftly and whirls like a dervish. Then she sees
text: something ahead and her face lights up.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: ...or a moving picture actress!
text: She takes his hand and runs, pulling him along the deck toward--
text: DANIEL AND MARY MARVIN. Daniel is cranking the big wooden movie camera as
text: she poses stiffly at the rail.
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: You're sad. Sad, sad, sad. You've left your lover on the shore. You may
dialog: never see him agian. Try to be sadder, darling.
text: SUDDENLY Rose shoots into the shot and strikes a theatrical pose at the
text: rail next to Mary. Mary bursts out laughing. Rose pulls Jack into the
text: picture and makes him pose.
text: Marvin grins and starts yelling and gesturing. We see this in CUTS, with
text: music and no dialogue.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF CUTS:
text: Rose posing tragically at the rail, the back of her hand to her forehead.
text: Jack on a deck chair, pretending to be a Pasha, the two girls pantomiming
text: fanning him like slave girls.
text: Jack, on his knees, pleading with his hands clasped while Rose, standing,
text: turns her head in bored disdain.
text: Rose cranking the camera, while Daniel and Jack have a western shoot-out.
text: Jack wins and leers into the lens, twirling an air mustache like Snidely
dialog: Whiplash.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 76 EXT. A DECK PROMENADE / AFT - SUNSET
text: Painted with orange light, Jack and Rose lean on the A-deck rail aft,
text: shoulder to shoulder. The ship's lights come on.
dialog: It is a magical moment... perfect.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: So then what, Mr. Wandering Jack?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, then logging got to be too much like work, so I went down to Los
dialog: Angelas to the pier in Santa Monica. That's a swell place, they even have a
dialog: rollercoaster. I sketched portraits there for ten cents a piece.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: A whole ten cents?!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (not getting it)
dialog: Yeah; it was great money... I could make a dollar a day, sometimes. But
dialog: only in summer. When it got cold, I decided to go to Paris and see what the
dialog: real artists were doing.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (looks at the dusk sky)
dialog: Why can't I be like you Jack? Just head out for the horizon whenever I feel
dialog: like it.
dialog: (turning to him)
dialog: Say we'll go there, sometime... to that pier... even if we only ever just
dialog: talk about it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Alright, we're going. We'll drink cheap beer and go on the rollercoaster
dialog: until we throw up and we'll ride horses on the beach... right in the
dialog: surf... but you have to ride like a cowboy, none of that side-saddle stuff.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You mean one leg on each side? Scandalous! Can you show me?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sure. If you like.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (smiling at him)
dialog: I think I would.
dialog: (she looks at the horizon)
dialog: And teach me to spit too. Like a man. Why should only men be able to spit.
dialog: It's unfair.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They didn't teach you that in finishing school? Here, it's easy. Watch
dialog: closely.
text: He spits. It arcs out over the water.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Your turn.
text: Rose screws up her mouth and spits. A pathetic little bit of foamy spittle
text: which mostly runs down her chin before falling off into the water.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Nope, that was pitiful. Here, like this... you hawk it down... HHHNNNK!...
dialog: then roll it on your tongue, up to the front, like thith, then a big breath
dialog: and PLOOOW!! You see the range on that thing?
text: She goes through the steps. Hawks it down, etc. He coaches her through it
text: (ad lib) while doing the steps himself. She lets fly. So does he. Two
text: comets of gob fly out over the water.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That was great!
text: Rose turns to him, her face alight. Suddenly she blanches. He sees her
text: expression and turns.
text: RUTH, the Countess of Rothes, and Molly Brown have been watching them
text: hawking lugees. Rose becomes instantly composed.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mother, may I introduce Jack Dawson.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Charmed, I'm sure.
text: Jack has a little spit running down his chin. He doesn't know it. Molly
text: Brown is grinning. As Rose proceeds with the introductions, we hear...
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: The others were gracious and curious about the man who'd saved my life. But
text: my mother looked at him like an insect. A dangerous insect which must be
dialog: squashed quickly.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Well, Jack, it sounds like you're a good man to have around in a sticky
dialog: spot--
text: They all jump as a BUGLER sounds the meal call right behind them.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Why do they insist on always announcing dinner like a damn cavalry charge?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Shall we go dress, mother?
dialog: (over her shoulder)
dialog: See you at dinner, Jack.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (as they walk away)
dialog: Rose, look at you... out in the sun with no hat. Honestly!
text: The Countess exits with Ruth and Rose, leaving Jack and Molly alone on
dialog: deck.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Son, do you have the slightest comprehension of what you're doing?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Well, you're about to go into the snakepit. I hope you're ready. What are
dialog: you planning to wear?
text: Jack looks down at his clothes. Back up at her. He hadn't thought about
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I figured.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 77 INT. MOLLY BROWN'S STATEROOM
text: Men's suits and jackets and formal wear are strewn all over the place.
text: Molly is having a fine time. Jack is dressed, except for his jacket, and
text: Molly is tying his bow tie.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Don't feel bad about it. My husband still can't tie one of these damn
dialog: things after 20 years. There you go.
text: She picks up a jacket off the bed and hands it to him. Jack goes into the
text: bathroom to put it on. Molly starts picking up the stuff off the bed.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I gotta buy everything in three sizes 'cause I never know how much he's
dialog: been eating while I'm away.
text: She turns and sees him, though we don't.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: My, my, my... you shine up like a new penny.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 78 EXT. BOAT DECK / FIRST CLAsS ENTRANCE - DUSK
text: A purple sky, shot with orange, in the west. Drifting strains of classic
text: music. We TRACK WITH JACK along the deck. By Edwardian standards he looks
text: badass. Dashing in his borrowed white-tie outfit, right down to his pearl
dialog: studs.
text: A steward bows and smartly opens the door to the First Class Entrance.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Good evening, sir.
text: Jack plays the role smoothly. Nods with just the right degree of disdain.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 79 INT. UPPER LANDING / GRAND STAIRCASE AND A-DECK
text: Jack steps in and his breath is taken away by the splendor spread out
text: before him. Overhead is the enormous glass dome, with a crystal chandelier
text: at its center. Sweeping down six stories is the First Class Grand
text: Staircase, the epitome of the opulent naval architecture of the time.
text: And the people: the women in their floor length dresses, elaborate
text: hairstyles and abundant jewelry... the gentlemen in evening dress, standing
text: with one hand at the small of the back, talking quietly.
text: Jack descends to A deck. Several men nod a perfunctory greeting. He nods
text: back, keeping it simple. He feels like a spy.
text: Cal comes down the stairs, with Ruth on his arm, covered in jewelry. They
text: both walk right past Jack, neither one gecognizeing him. Cal nods at him,
text: one gent to another. But Jack barely has time to be amused. Because just
text: behind Cal and Ruth on the stairs is Rose, a vision in red and black, her
text: low-cut dress showing off her neck and shoulders, her arms seathed in white
text: gloves that come well above above the elbow. Jack is hypnotized by her
dialog: beauty.
text: CLOSE ON ROSE as she approaches Jack. He imitates the gentlemen's stance,
text: hand behind his back. She extends her gloved hand and he takes it, kissing
text: the back of her fingers. Rose flushes, beaming noticeably. She can't take
text: her eyes off him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I saw that in a nickelodean once, and I always wanted to do it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Cal, surely you remember Mr. Dawson.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (caught off guard)
dialog: Dawson! I didn't recognize you.
dialog: (studies him)
dialog: Amazing! You could almost pass for a gentlemen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 80 INT. D-DECK RECEPTION ROOM
text: CUT TO THE RECEPTION ROOM ON D DECK, as the party descends to dinner. They
text: encounter Molly Brown, looking good in a beaded dress, in her own busty
text: broad-shouldered way. Molly grins when she sees Jack. As they are going
text: into the dining saloon she walks next to him, speaking low:
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Ain't nothin' to it, is there, Jack?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, you just dress like a pallbearer and keep your nose up.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Remember, the only thing they respect is money, so just act like you've got
dialog: a lot of it and you're in the club.
text: As they enter the swirling throng, Rose leans close to him, pointing out
dialog: several notables.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: There's the Countess Rothes. And that's John Jacob Astor... the richest man
dialog: on the ship. His little wifey there, Madeleine, is my age and in a delicate
dialog: condition. See how she's trying to hide it. Quite the scandal.
text: (nodding toward a couple)
dialog: And over there, that's Sir Cosmo and Lucile, Lady Duff-Gordon. She designs
text: naughty lingerie, among her many talents. Very popular with the royals.
text: Cal becomes engrossed in a conversations with Cosmo Duff-Gordon and Colonel
text: Gracie, while Ruth, the Countess and Lucille discuss fashion. Rose picots
text: Jack smoothly, to show him another couple, dressed impeccably.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: And that's Benjamin Guggenheim and his mistress, Madame Aubert. Mrs.
text: Guggenheim is at home with the children, of course.
text: Cal, meanwhile, is accepting the praise of his male counterparts, who are
text: looking at Rose like a prize show horse.
speaker_heading: SIR COSMO
dialog: Hockley, she is splendid.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: Cal's a lucky man. I know him well, and it can only be luck.
text: Ruth steps over, hearing the last. She takes Cal's arm, somewhat
text: coquettishly.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: How can you say that Colonel? Caledon Hockley is a great catch.
text: The entourage strolls toward the dining saloon, where they run into the
text: Astor's going through the ornate double doors.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: J.J., Madeleine, I'd like you to meet Jack Dawson.
speaker_heading: ASTOR
dialog: (shaking his hand)
dialog: Good to meet you Jack. Are you of the Boston Dawsons?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, the Chippewa Falls Dawsons, actually.
text: J.J. nods as if he's heard of them, then looks puzzled. Madeleine Astor
text: appraises Jack and whispers girlishly to Rose:
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: It's a pity we're both spoken for, isn't it?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 81 INT. DINING SALOON
text: Like a ballroom at the palace, alive and lit by a constellation of
text: chandeliers, full of elegantly dressed people and beautiful music from
text: BANDLEADER WALLACE HARTLEY'S small orchestra. As Rose and Jack enter and
text: move across the room to their table, Cal and Ruth beside them, we hear...
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE (V.O.)
text: He must have been nervous but he never faltered. They assumed he was one of
dialog: them... a young captain of industry perhaps... new money, obviously, but
dialog: still a memeber of the club. Mother of course, could always be counted
dialog: upon...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 82 INT. DINING SALOON
text: CLOSE ON RUTH.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Tell us of the accommodations in steerage, Mr. Dawson. I hear they're quite
dialog: good on this ship.
text: WIDER: THE TABLE. Jack is seated opposite Rose, who is flanked by Cal and
text: Thomas Andrews. Also at the table are Molly Brown, Ismay, Colonel Gracie,
text: the Countess, Guggenheim, Madame Aubert, and the Astors.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The best I've seen, m'am. Hardly any rats.
text: Rose motions surreptitiously for Jack to take his napkin off his plate.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Mr. Dawson is joining us from third class. He was of some assistance to my
dialog: fiancee last night.
dialog: (to Jack, as if to a child)
dialog: This is foie gras. It's goose liver.
text: We see whispers exchanged. Jack becomesthe subject of furtive glances. Now
dialog: they're all feeling terribly liberal and dangerous.
speaker_heading: GUGGENHEIM
dialog: (low to Madame Aubert)
dialog: What is Hockly hoping to prove, bringing this... bohemian... up here?
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: How do you take your caviar, sir?
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (answering for him)
dialog: Just a soupcon of lemon...
dialog: (to Jack, smiling)
dialog: ...it improves the flavor with champagne.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (to the waiter)
dialog: No caviar for me, thanks.
dialog: (to Cal)
dialog: Never did like it much.
text: He looks at Rose, pokerfaced, and she smiles.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: And where exactly do you live, Mr. Dawson?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, right now my address is the RMS Titanic. After that, I'm on God's
dialog: good humor.
text: Salad is served. Jack reaches for the fish fork. Rose gives him a look and
text: picks up the salad fork, prompting him with her eyes. He changes forks.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You find that sort of rootless existence appealing, do you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well... it's a big world, and I want to see it all before I go. My father
dialog: was always talkin' about goin' to see the ocean. He died in the town he was
dialog: born in, and never did see it. You can't wait around, because you never
dialog: know what hand you're going to get dealt next. See, my folks died in a fire
dialog: when I was fifteen, and I've been on the road since. Somethin' like that
dialog: teaches you to take life as it comes at you. To make each day count.
text: Molly Brown raises her glass in a salute.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Well said, Jack.
speaker_heading: COLONEL GRACIE
dialog: (raising his glass)
dialog: Here, here.
text: Rose raises her glass, looking at Jack.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: To making it count.
text: Ruth, annoyed that Jack has scored a point, presses him further.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: How is it you have the means to travel, Mr. Dawson?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I work my way from place to place. Tramp steamers and such. I won my ticket
text: on Titanic here in a lucky hand at poker.
dialog: (he glances at Rose)
dialog: A very lucky hand.
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: All life is a game of luck.
speaker_heading: CAL
text: A real man makes his own luck, Archie.
text: Rose notices that Thomas Andrews, sitting next to her, is writing in his
text: notebook, completely ignoring the conversation.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mr. Andrews, what are you doing? I see you everywhere writing in this
dialog: little book.
dialog: (grabs it and reads)
dialog: Increase number of screws in hat hooks from 2 to 3. You build the biggest
dialog: ship in the world and this preoccupies you?!
text: Andrews smiles sheepishly.
speaker_heading: ISMAY
dialog: He knows every rivet in her, don't you Thomas?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: All three million of them.
speaker_heading: ISMAY
text: His blood and soul are in the ship. She may be mine on paper, but in the
dialog: eyes of God she belongs to Thomas Andrews.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Your ship is a wonder, Mr. Andrews. Truly.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Thankyou, Rose.
text: We see that Andrews has come under Rose's spell.
text: 83 TIME TRANSITION: Dessert has been served and a waiter arrives with
text: cigars in a humidor on a wheeled cart. The men start clipping ends and
dialog: lighting.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (low, to Jack)
dialog: Nest it'll be brandies in the Smoking Room.
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Well, join me for a brandy, gentlemen?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (low)
text: Now they retreat into a cloud of smoke and congratulate each other on being
dialog: masters of the universe.
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: Joining us, Dawson? You don't want to stay out here with the women, do you?
dialog: Actually he does, but...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No thanks. I'm heading back.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Probably best. It'll be all business and politics, that sort of thing.
dialog: Wouldn't interest you. Good of you to come.
text: Cal and te other gentlemen exit.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Jack, must you go?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Time for my coach to turn back into a pumpkin.
text: He leans over to take her hand.
text: INSERT: We see him slip a tiny folded not into her palm.
text: Ruth, scowling, watches him walk away across the enormous room. Rose
text: surreptitiously opens the note below table level. It reads: "Make it count.
dialog: Meet me at the clock".
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 84 INT. A-DECK FOYER-NIGHT
text: Rose crosses the A-Deck foyer, sighting Jack at the landing above. Overhead
text: is the crystal dome. Jack has his back to her, studying the ornate clock
text: with its carved figures of Honor and Glory. It softly strikes the hour.
text: MOVING WITH ROSE as she goes up the sweeping staircase toward him. He
text: turns, sees her... smiles.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Want to go to a real party?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 85 INT. THIRD CLASS GENERAL ROOM
text: Crow led and alive with music, laughter and raucous carrying on. An ad hoc
text: band is gathered near the upright piano, honking out lively stomping music
text: on fiddle, accoridon and tambourine. People of all ages are dancing,
text: drinking beer and wine, smoking, laughing, even brawling.
text: Tommy hands Rose a pint of stout and she hoists it. Jack meanwhile dances
text: with 5 year old Cora Cartmell, or tries to, with her standing on his feet.
text: As the tune ends, Rose leans down to the little girl.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: May I cut in, miss?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're still my best girl, Cora.
text: Cora scampers off. Rose and Jack face each other. She is trembling as he
text: takes her right hand in his left. His other hand slides to the small of her
text: back. It is an electrifying moment.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I don't know the steps.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Just move with me. Don't think.
text: The music starts and they are off. A little awkward at first, she starts to
text: get into it. She grins at Jack as she starts to get the rhythm of the
dialog: steops.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Wait... stop!
text: She bends down, pulling off her high heeled shoes, and flings them to
text: Tommy. Then she grabs Jack and they plunge back into the fray, dancing
text: faster as the music speeds up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 86 OMITTED
scene_heading: 87 INT. THIRD CLASS GENERAL ROOM
text: The scene is rowdy and rollicking. A table gets knocked over as a drunk
text: crashes into it. And in the middle of it... Rose dancing with Jack in her
text: stocking feet. The steps are fast and she shines with sweat. A space opens
text: around them, and people watch them, clapping as the band plays faster and
dialog: faster.
text: FABRIZIO AND HELGA. Dancing has obviated the need for a common language. He
text: whirls her, then she responds by whirling him... Fabrizio's eyes go wide
text: when he realizes she's stronger than he is.
text: The tune ends in a mad rush. Jack steps away from Rose with a flourish,
text: allowing her to take a bow. Exhilarated and slightly tipsy, she does a
text: graceful ballet ployer, feet turned out perfectly. Everyone laughs and
text: applauds. Rose is a hit with the steerage folks, who've never had a lady
dialog: party with them.
text: They move to a table, flushed and sweaty. Rose grabs Fabrizio's cigarette
text: and takes a big drag. She's feeling cocky. Fabrizio is grinning, holding
text: hands with Helga.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How you two doin'?
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: I don't know hwat she's say, she don't know what I say, so we get along
dialog: fine.
text: Tommy walks up with a pint for each of them. Rose chugs hers, showing off.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You think a first class girl can't drink?
text: Everybody else is dancing again, and Bjorn Gundersen crashes into Tommy,
text: who sloshes his beer over Rose's dress. She laughs, not caring. But Tommy
text: lunges, grabbing Bjorn and wheeling him around.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You stupid bastard!!
text: Bjorn comes around, his fists coming up... and Jack leaps into the middle
text: of it, pushing them apart.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Boys, boys! Did I ever tell you the one about the Swede and the Irishman
dialog: goin' to the whorehouse?
text: Tommy stands there, all piss and vinegar, chest puffed up. Then he grins
text: and claps Bjorn on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: So, you think you're big tough men? Let's see you do this.
text: In her stocking feet she assumes a ballet stance, arms raised, and goes up
text: on point, taking her entire weight on the tips of her toes. The guys gape
text: at her incredible muscle control. She comes back down, then her face screws
text: up in pain. She grabs one foot, hopping around.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oooowww! I haven't done that in years.
text: Jack catches her as she loses her balance, and everyone cracks up.
text: THE DOOR to the well deck is open a few inches as Lovejoy watches through
text: the gap. He sees Jack holding Rose, both of them laughing.
text: LOVEJOY closes the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 88 EXT. BOAT DECK - NIGHT
text: The stars blaze overhead, so bright and clear you can see the Milky Way.
text: Rose and Jack walk along the row of lifeboats. Still giddy from the party,
text: they are singing a popular song "Come Josephine in My Flying Machine".
speaker_heading: JACK/ROSE
dialog: Come Josephine in my flying machine
dialog: And it's up she goes! Up she goes!
dialog: In the air she goes. Where? There she goes!
text: They fumble the words and break down laughing. They have reached the First
text: Class Entrance, but don't go straight in, not wanting the evening to end.
text: Through the doors the sound of the ship's orchestra wafts gently. Rose
text: grabs a davit and leans back, staring at the cosmos.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Isn't it magnificent? So grand and endless.
text: She goes to the rail and leans on it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: They're such small people, Jack... my crowd. They think they're giants on
dialog: the earth, but they're not even dust in God's eye. They live inside this
dialog: little tiny champagne bubble... and someday the bubble's going to burst.
text: He leans at the rail next to her, his hand just touching hers. It is the
text: slightest contact imaginable, and all either one of them can feel is that
text: square inch of skin where their hands are touching.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're not one of them. There's been a mistake.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: A mistake?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh huh. You got mailed to the wrong address.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I did, didn't I?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: ROSE (CONT'D)
dialog: (pointing suddenly)
dialog: Look! A shooting star.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That was a long one. My father used to say that whenever you saw one, it
dialog: was a soul going to heaven.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I like that. Aren't we supposed to wish on it?
text: Jack looks at her, and finds that they are suddenly very close together. It
text: would be so easy to move another couple of inches, to kiss her. Rose seems
dialog: to be thinking the same thing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What would you wish for?
text: After a beat, Rose pulls back.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Something I can't have.
dialog: (she smiles sadly)
dialog: Goodnight, Jack. And thank you.
text: She leaves the rail and hurries through the First Class Entrance.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Rose!!
text: But the door bangs shut, and she is gone. Back to her world.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 89 INT. ORSE AND CAL'S SUITE / PRIVATE PROMENADE - DAY
text: SUNDAY APRIL 14, 1912. A bright clear day. Sunlight splashing across the
text: promenade. Rose and Cal are having breakfast in silence. The tension is
text: palpable. Trudy Bolt, in her maid's uniform, pours the coffee and goes
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: I had hoped you would come to me last night.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I was tired.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Yes. Your exertions below decks were no doubt exausting.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (stiffening)
dialog: I see you had that undertaker of a manservant follow me.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: You will never behave like that again! Do you understand?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm not some foreman in your mills than you can command! I am your
dialog: fiancee--
text: Cal explodes, sweeping the breakfast china off the table with a crash. He
text: moves to her in one shocking moment, glowering over her and gripping the
text: sides of her chair, so she is trapped between his arms.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Yes! You are! And my wife... in practice, if not yet by law. So you will
dialog: honor me, as a wife is required to honor her husband! I will not be made
dialog: out a fool! Is this in any way unclear?
text: Rose shrinks into the chair. She sees Trudy, frozen, partway through the
text: door bringing the orange juice. Cal follows Rose's glance and straightens
text: up. He stalks past the maid, entering the stateroom.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We... had a little accident. I'm sorry, Trudy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 90 INT. RUTH'S SUITE - DAY
text: Rose is dressed for the day, and is in the middle of helping Ruth with her
text: corset. The tight bindings do not inhibit Ruth's fury at all.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You are not to see that boy again, do you understand me Rose? I forbid it!
text: Rose has her knee at the base of her mother's back and is pulling the
text: corset strings with both hands.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, stop it, Mother. You'll give yourself a nosebleed.
text: Ruth pulls away from her, and crosses to the door, locking it. CLACK!
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (wheeling on her)
dialog: Rose, this is not a game! Our situation is precarious. You know the money's
dialog: gone!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Of course I know it's gone. You remind me every day!
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Your father left us nothing but a legacy of bad debts hidden by a good
dialog: name. And that name is the only card we have to play.
text: Rose turns her around and grabs the corset strings again. Ruth sucks in her
text: waist and Rose pulls.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I don't understand you. It is a fine match with Hockley, and it will insure
dialog: our survival.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (hurt and lost)
dialog: How can you put this on my shoulders?
text: Rose turns to her, and we see what Rose sees-- the naked fear in her
text: mother's eyes.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Do you want to se me working as a seamstress? Is that what you want? Do you
dialog: want to see our fine things sold at an auction, our memories scattered to
dialog: the winds? My God, Rose, how can you be so selfish?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It's so unfair.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Of course it's unfair! We're women. Our choices are never easy.
text: Rose pulls the corset tighter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 91 INT. FIRST CLASS DINING SALOON
text: At the divine service, Captain Smith is leading a group in the hymn
text: "Almighty Father Strong To Save." Rose and Ruth sing in the middle of the
dialog: group.
text: Lovejoy stands well back, keeping an eye on Rose. He notices a commotion at
text: the entry doors. Jack has been halted there by two stewards. He is dressed
text: in his third class clothes, and stands there, hat in hand, looking out of
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Look, you, you're not supposed to be in here.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I was just here last night... don't you remember?
text: (seeing Lovejoy coming toward him)
dialog: He'll tell you.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
text: Mr. Hockley and Mrs. DeWitt Bukater continue to be most appreciative of
dialog: your assistance. They asked me to give you this in gratitude--
text: He holds out two twenty dollar bills, which Jack refuses to take.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't want money, I--
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
dialog: --and also to remind you that you hold a third class ticket and your
dialog: presence here is no longer appropriate.
text: Jack spots Rose but she doesn't see him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I just need to talk to Rose for a--
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
dialog: Gentlemen, please see that Mr. Dawson gets back where he belongs.
dialog: (giving the twenties to the stewards)
dialog: And that he stays there.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Yes sir!
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: Come along you.
text: END ON ROSE, not seeing Jack hustled out.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: O hear us when we cry to thee for those in peril on the sea.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 92 INT. GYMNASIUM - DAY
text: An Edwardian nautilus room. There are machines we recognize, and some
text: don't. A woman pedals a stationary bicycle in a long dress, looking
text: rediculous. Thomas Andrews is leading a small tour group, including Rose,
text: Ruth and Cal. Cal is wroking the oars of a stationary rowing machine with a
dialog: well trained stroke.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Reminds me of my Harvard days.
text: T.W. McCAULEY, the gym instructor, is a bouncy little man in white
text: flannels, eager to show off his modern equipment, like his present-day
text: counterpart on an "Abflex" infomercial. He hits a switch and a machine with
text: a saddle on it starts to undulate. Rose puts her hand on it, curious.
speaker_heading: MCCAULEY
dialog: The electric horse is very popular. We even have an electric camel.
dialog: (to Ruth)
dialog: Care to try your hand at the rowing, m'am?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Don't be absurd. I can't think of a skill I should likely need less.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: The next stop on our tour will be bridge. This way, please.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 93 EXT. AFT WELL DECK, B-DECK AND A-DECK - DAY
text: Jack, walking with determination, is followed closely by Tommy and
text: Fabrizio. He quickly climbs the steps to B-Deck and steps over the gate
dialog: separating 3rd from 2nd class.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: She's a goddess amongst mortal men, there's no denyin'. But she's in
dialog: another world, Jackie, forget her. She's closed the door.
text: Jack moves furtively to the wall below the A-Deck promenade, aft.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It was them, not her.
dialog: (glancing around the deck)
dialog: Ready... go.
text: Tommy shakes his head resignedly and puts his hands together, crouching
text: down. Jack steps into Tommy's hands and gets boosted up to the next deck,
text: where he scrambles nimbly over the railing, onto the First Class deck.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: He's not bein' logical, I tell ya.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: Amore is'a not logical.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 94 EXT. A-DECK / AFT - DAY
text: A man is playing with his son, who is spinning a top with a string. The
text: man's overcoat and hat are sitting on a deck chair nearby. Jack emerges
text: from behind one of the huge deck cranes and calmly picks up the coat and
text: bowler hat. He walks away, slipping into the coat, and slicks his hair back
text: with spit. Then puts the hat on at a jaunty angle. At a distance he could
dialog: pass for a gentlemen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 95 INT. BRIDGE / CHARTROOM - DAY
text: HAROLD BRIDE, the 21 year old Junior Wireless Operator, hustles in and
text: skirts around Andrews' tour group to hand a Marconigram to Captain Smith.
speaker_heading: BRIDE
dialog: Another ice warning, sir. This one from the "Baltic".
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Thankyou, Sparks.
text: Smith glances at the message then nonchalantly puts it in his pocket. He
text: nods reassuringly to Rose and the group.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Not to worry, it's quite normal for this time of year. In fact, we're
dialog: speeding up. I've just ordered the last boilers lit.
text: Andrews scowls slightly before motioning the group toward the door. They
text: exit just as SECOND OFFICER CHARLES HERBERT LIGHTOLLER comes out of the
text: chartroom, stopping next to First Officer Murdoch.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Did we ever find those binoculars for the lookouts?
scene_heading: FIRST OFFICER MURDOCH
dialog: Haven't seen them since Southampton.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 96 EXT. BOAT DECK / STARBOARD SIDE - DAY
text: Andrews leads the group back from the bridge along the boat deck.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mr. Andrews, I did the sum in my head, and with the number of lifeboats
dialog: times the capacity you mentioned... forgive me, but it seems that there are
dialog: not enough for everyone aboard.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: About half, actually. Rose, you miss nothing, do you? In fact, I put in
text: these new type davits, which can take an extra row of boats here.
dialog: (he gestures along the eck)
dialog: But it was thought... by some... that the deck would look too cluttered. So
dialog: I was over-ruled.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (slapping the side of a boat)
text: Waste of deck space as it is, on an unsinkable ship!
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Sleep soundly, young Rose. I have built you a good ship, strong and true.
dialog: She's all the lifeboat you need.
text: As they are passing Boat 7, a gentlemen turns from the rail and walks up
text: behind the group. It is Jack. He taps Rose on the arm and she turns,
text: gasping. He motions and she cuts away from the group toward a door which
text: Jack holds open. They duck into the--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 97 INT. GYMNASIUM - DAY
text: Jack closes the door behind her, and glances out through the ripple-glass
text: window to the starboard rail, where the gym instructor is chatting up the
text: woman who was riding the bike. Rose and Jack are alone in the room.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Jack, this is impossible. I can't see you.
text: He takes her by the shoulders.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Rose, you're no picnic... you're a spoiled little brat even, but under that
dialog: you're a strong, pure heart, and you're the most amazingly astounding girl
dialog: I've ever known and--
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Jack, I--
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No wait. Let me try to get this out. You're amazing... and I know I have
dialog: nothing to offer you, Rose. I know that. But I'm involved now. You jump, I
dialog: jump, remember? I can't turn away without knowin' that you're goin' to be
dialog: alright.
text: Rose feels the tears coming to her eyes. Jack is so open and real... not
dialog: like anyone she has ever known.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You're making this very hard. I'll be fine. Really.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't think so. They've got you in a glass jar like some butterfly, and
dialog: you're goin' to die if you don't break out. Maybe not right away, 'cause
dialog: you're strong. But sooner or later the fire in you is goin' to go out.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It's not up to you to save me, Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're right. Only you can do that.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I have to get back, they'll miss me. Please, Jack, for both our sakes,
dialog: leave me alone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 98 INT. FIRST CLASS LOUNG - DAY
text: The most elegant room on the ship, done in Louis Quinze Versaille style.
text: Rose sits on a divan, with a group of other women arrayed around her. Ruth,
text: the Countess Rothes and Lady Duff-Gordon are taking tea. Rose is silent and
text: still as a porcelain figurine as the conversation washes around her.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Of course the invitations had to be sent back to the printers twice. And
dialog: the bridesmaids dresses! Let me tell you what an odyssey that has been...
text: TRACKING SLOWLY IN on Rose as Ruth goes on.
text: REVERSE, ROSE'S POV: A tabeau of MOTHER and DAUGHTER having tea. The four
text: year old girl, wearing white gloves, daintily picking up a cookie. The
text: mother correcting her on her posture, and the way she holds the teacup. The
text: little girl is trying so hard to please, her expression serious. A glimpse
text: of Rose at that age, and we see the relentless conditioning... the pain to
dialog: becoming an Edwardian geisha.
text: ON ROSE. She calmly and deliberately turns her teacup over, spilling tea
text: all over her dress.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, look what I've done.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 99 EXT. TITANIC - DAY
text: TITANIC STEAMS TOWARD US, in the dusk light, as if lit by the embers of a
text: giant fire. As the ship looms, FILLING FRAME, we push in on the bow. Jack
text: is there, right at the apex of the bow railing, his favorite spot. He
text: closes his eyes, letting the chill wind clear his head.
text: Jack hears her voice, behind him...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hello, Jack.
text: He turns and she is standing there.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I changed my mind.
text: He smiles at her, his eyes drinking her in. Her cheeks are red with the
text: chill wind, and her eyes sparkle. Her hair blows wildly about her face.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Fabrizio said you might be up--
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sssshh. Come here.
text: He puts his hands on her waist. As if he is going to kiss her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Close your eyes.
text: She does, and he turns her to face forward, the way the ship is going. He
text: presses her gently to the rail, standing right behind her. Then he takes
text: her two hands and raises them until she is standing with her arms
text: outstetched on each side. Rose is going along with him. When he lowers his
text: hands, her arms stay up... like wings.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay. Open them.
text: Rose gasps. There is nothing in her field of vision but water. It's like
text: there is no ship under them at all, just the two of them soaring. The
text: Atlantic unrolls toward her, a hammered copper shield under a dusk sky.
text: There is only the wind, and the hiss of the water 50 feel below.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm flying!
text: She leans forward, arching her back. He puts his hands on her waist to
dialog: steady her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (singing softly)
dialog: Come Josephine in my flying machine...
text: Rose cleses her eyes, feeling herself floating weightless far above the
text: sea. She smiles dreamily, then leans back, gently pressing her back against
text: his chest. He pushes forward slightly against her.
text: Slowly he raises his hands, arms outstretched, and they meet hers...
text: fingertips gently touching. Then their fingers intertwine. Moving slowly,
text: their fingers caress through and around each other like the bodies of two
dialog: lovers.
text: Jack tips his face forward into her blowing hair, letting the scent of her
text: wash over him, until his cheek is agianst her ear.
text: Rose turns her head until her lips are near his. She lowers her arms,
text: turning further, until she finds his mouth with hers. He wraps his arms
text: around her from behind, and they kiss like this with her head turned and
text: tilted back, surrendering to him, to the emotion, to the inevitable. They
text: kiss, slowly and tremulously, and then with building passion.
text: Jack and the ship seem to merge into one force of power and optimism,
text: lifting her, buoying her forward on a magical journey, soaring onward into
text: a night without fear.
text: 100 IN THE CROW'S NEST, high above and behind them, lookout FREDERICK FLEET
text: nudges his mate, REGINALD LEE, pointing down at the figures in the bow.
speaker_heading: FLEET
dialog: Wish I had those bleedin' binoculars.
text: 101 JACK AND ROSE, embracing at the bow rail, DISSOLVE SLOWLY AWAY, leaving
text: the ruined bow of the WRECK--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 102 INT. KELDYSH IMAGING SHACK
text: OLD ROSE blinks, seeming to come back to the present. She sees the wreck on
text: the screen, the sad ghost ship deep in the abyss.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: That was the last time Titanic ever saw daylight.
text: Brock Lovett changes the tape in the minicassette recorder.
speaker_heading: BROCK
text: So we're up to dusk on the night of the sinking. Six hours to go.
speaker_heading: BODINE
text: Don't you love it? There's Smith, he's standing there with the iceberg
dialog: warning in his fucking hand...
dialog: (remembering Rose)
text: ... excuse me... in his hand, and he's ordering more speed.
speaker_heading: BROCK
text: 26 years of experience working against him. He figures anything big enough
dialog: to sink the ship they're going to see in time to turn. But the ship's too
dialog: big, with too small a rudder... it can't corner worth shit. Everything he
dialog: knows is wrong.
text: ROSE is ignoring this conversation. She has the art-nouveau comb with the
text: jade butterfly on the handle in her hands, turning it slowly. She is
text: watching a monitor, which shows the ruins of Suite B-52/56. PUSH IN until
text: the image fills frame.
speaker_heading: TRANSITION:
scene_heading: 103 INT. ROSE'S SUITE
text: ... 1912. Like in a dream the beautiful woodwork and satin upholstery
text: emerge from the rusted ruin. Jack is overwhelmed by the opulence of the
text: room. He sets his sketchbood and drawing materials on the marble table.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Will this light do? Don't artists need good light?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (bad French accent)
dialog: Zat is true, I am not used to working in such 'orreeble conditions.
dialog: (seeing the paintings)
dialog: Hey... Monet!
text: He crouches next to the paintings stacked against the wall.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Isn't he great... the use of color? I saw him once... through a hole in
dialog: this garden fence in Giverny.
text: She goes into the adjoining walk-in wardrobe closet. He sees her go to the
text: safe and start working the combination. He's fascinated.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Cal insist on luggin this thing everywhere.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Should I be expecting him anytime soon?
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: Not as long as the cigars and brandy hold out.
text: CLUNK! She unlocks the safe. Glancing up, she meets his eyes in the mirror
text: behind the safe. She opens it and removes the necklace, then holds it out
text: to Jack who takes it nervously.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What is it? A sapphire?
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: A diamond. A very rare diamond, called the Heart of the Ocean.
text: Jack gazes at wealth beyond his comprehension.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I want you to draw me like your French girl. Wearing this.
dialog: (she smiles at him)
dialog: Wearing only this.
text: He looks up at her, surprised, and we CUT TO:
text: 104 ROSE'S BEDROOM. ON THE BUTTERFLY COMB as Rose draws it out of her hair.
text: She shakes her head and her hair falls free around her shoulders.
text: 105 IN THE SITTING ROOM Jack is laying out his pencils like surgical tools.
text: His sketchbook is open and ready. He looks up as she comes into the room,
text: wearing a silk kimono.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: The last thing I need is another picture of me looking like a china doll.
dialog: As a paying customer, I expect to get what I want.
text: She hands him a dime and steps back, parting the kimono. The blue stone
text: lies on her creamy breast. Her heart is pounding as she slowly lowers the
dialog: robe.
text: Jakc looks so stricken, it is almost comical. The kimono drops to the floor
dialog: (this is all in cuts, lyrical).
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Tell me when it looks right to you.
text: She poses on the divan, settling like a cat into the position we remember
dialog: from the drawing... almost.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh... just bend your left leg a little and... and lower your head. Eyes to
dialog: me. That's it.
text: Jack starts to sketch. He drops his pencil and she stifles a laugh.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I believe you are blushing, Mr. Big Artiste. I can't imagine Monsieur Monet
text: blushing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (sweating)
dialog: He does landscapes.
text: TIGHT ON JACK as his eyes come up to look at her over the top edge of his
text: sketchpad. We have seen this image of him before, in her memory. It is an
dialog: image she will carry the rest of her life.
text: Despite his nervousness, he draws with sure strokes, and what emerges is
text: the best thing he has ever done. Her pose is languid, her hands beautiful,
text: and her eyes radiate her energy.
text: PUSH SLOWLY IN ON ROSE'S FACE...
speaker_heading: TRANSITION:
scene_heading: 106 INT. KELDYSH / IMAGING SHACK
text: MATCH DISSOLVE/MORPH to Rose, 101 years old. Only her eyes are the same.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE
dialog: My heart was pounding the whole time. It was the most erotic moment of my
dialog: life... up till then at least.
text: CUT TO REVERSE: A semicircle of listeners staring in rapt, frozen silence.
text: The story of Jack and Rose has finally and completely grabbed them.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: What, uh... happened next?
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You mean, did we "do it"?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 107 INT. ROSE AND CAL'S SUITE - NIGHT
text: BACK TO 1912. Jack is signing the drawing. Rose, wearing her kimono again,
text: is leaning on his shoulder, watching.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: Sorry to disappoint you Mr. Bodine.
text: Rose gazes at the drawing. He has X-rayed her soul.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Date it, Jack. I want to always remember this night.
text: He does: 4/14/1912. Rose meanwhile scribbles a note on a piece of Titanic
text: stationary. We don't see what it says. She accepts the drawing from him,
text: and crosses to the safe in the wardrobe.
text: She puts the diamond back in the safe, placing hte drawing and the note on
text: top of it. Closes the door with a CLUNK!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 108 INT. FIRST CLASS SMOKING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lovejoy enters from the Palm Court through the revolving door and crosses
text: the room toward Hockley. A fire is blazing in the marble fireplace, and the
text: usual fatcats are playing cards, drinking and talking. Cal sees Lovejoy and
text: detaches from his group, coming to him.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
text: None of the stewards have seen her.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (low but forceful)
dialog: This is ridiculous, Lovejoy. Find her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 109 EXT. ATLANTIC - NIGHT
text: TITANIC glides across an unnatural sea, blakc and calm as a pool of oil.
text: The ships lights are mirrored almost perfectly in the black water. The sky
text: is brilliant with stars. A meteor traces a bright line across the heavens.
text: 110 ON THE BRIDGE, Captain Smith peers out at the blackness ahead of the
text: ship. QUARTERMASTER HITCHINS brings him a cup of hot tea with lemon. It
text: steams in the bitter cold of the open bridge. Second Officer Lightoller is
text: next to him, staring out at the sheet of black glass the Atlantic has
dialog: become.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: I don't think I've ever seen such a flat calm, in 24 years at sea.
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: Yes, like a mill pond. Not a breath of wind.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
text: It's make the bergs harder to see, with no breaking water at the base.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Mmmmm. Well, I'm off. Maintain speed and heading, Mr. Lightoller.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And wake me, of course, if anything becomes in the slightest degree
dialog: doubtful.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 111 INT. ROSE AND CAL'S SUITE
text: Rose, fully dressed now, returns to the sitting room. They hear a key in
text: the lock. Rose takes Jack's hand and leads him silently through the
text: bedrooms. Lovejoy enters by the sitting room door.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
dialog: Miss Rose? Hello?
text: He hears a door opening and goes through Cal's room toward hers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 112 INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE SUITE
text: Rose and Jack come out of her stateroom, closing the door. She leads him
text: quickly along the corridor toward the B deck foyer. They are halfway across
text: the open space when the sitting room door opens in the corridor and Lovejoy
text: comes out. The valet sees Jack with Rose and hustles after them.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Come on!
text: She and Jack break into a run, surprising the few ladies and gentlemen
text: about. Rose leads him past the stairs to the bank of elevators. They run
text: into one, shocking the hell out of the OPERATOR.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Take us down. Quickly, quickly!
text: The Operator scrambles to comply. Jack even helps him close the steel gate.
text: Lovejoy runs up as the lift starts to descend. He slams one hand on the
text: bars of the gate. Rose makes a very rude and unladylike gesture, and laughs
text: as Lovejoy disappears above. The Operator gapes at her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 113 INT. E-DECK FOYER / ELEVATORS
text: Lovejoy emerges from another lift and runs to the one Jack and Rose were
text: in. The Operator is just closing the gate to go back up. Lovejoy runs
text: around the bank of elevators and scans the foyer... no Jack and Rose. He
text: tries the stairs going down to F-Deck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 114 INT. F-DECK CORRIDORS / FAN ROOM
text: A functional space, with access to a number of machine spaces (fan rooms,
text: boiler uptakes). Jack and Rose are leaning against a wall, laughing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Pretty tough for a valet, this fella.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: He's an ex-Pinkerton. Cal's father hired him to keep Cal out of trouble...
dialog: to make sure he always got back to the hotel with his wallet and watch,
text: after some crawl through the less reputable parts of town...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Kinda like we're doin' right now-- uh oh!
text: Lovejoy has spotted them from a cross-corridor nearby. He charges toward
text: them. Jack and Rose run around a corner into a blind alley. There is one
text: door, marked CREW ONLY, and Jack flings it open.
text: 115 They enter a roaring RAN ROOM, with no way out but a ladder going down.
text: Jack latches the deadbolt on the door, and Lovejoy slams against it a
text: moment later. Jack grins at Rose, pointing to the ladder.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: After you, m'lady.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 116 INT. BOILER ROOM FIVE AND SIX
text: Jack and Rose come down the escape ladder and look around in amazement. It
text: is like a vision of hell itself, with the roaring furnaces and black
text: figures moving in the smoky glow. They run the length of the boiler room,
text: dodging amazed stokers, and trimmers with their wheelbarrows of coal.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (shouting over the din)
dialog: Carry on! Don't mind us!
text: They run through the open watertight door into BOILER ROOM SIX. Jack pulls
text: her through the fiercely hot alley between two boilers and they wind up in
text: the dark, out of sight of the working crew. Watching from the shadows, they
text: see the stokers working in the hellish glow, shovelling coal into the
text: insatiable maws of the furnaces. The whole place thunders with the roar of
dialog: the fires.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 117 INT. FIRST CLASS SMOKING ROOM
text: Amid unparalled luxury, Cal sits at a card game, sipping brandy.
speaker_heading: COLONEL GRACIE
dialog: We're going like hell I tel you. I have fifty dollars that says we make it
dialog: into New York Tuesday night!
text: Cal looks at his gold pocket watch, and scowls, not listening.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 118 OMITTED
scene_heading: 119 INT. BOILER ROOM SIX
text: The furnaces roar, silhouetting the glistening stokers. Jack kisses Rose's
text: face, tasting the sweat trickling down from her forehead. They kiss
text: passionately in the steamy, pounding darkness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 120 INT. HOLD #2
text: Jack and Rose enter and run laughing between the rows of stacked cargo. She
text: hugs herself against the cold, after the dripping heat of the boiler room.
text: They come upon William Carter's brand new RENAULT touring car, lashing down
text: to a pallet. It looks like a royal coach from a fairy tale, its brass trim
text: and headlamps nicely set off by its deep burgundy color.
text: Rose climbs into the plushly upholstered back seat, acting very royal.
text: There are cut crystals bud vases on the walls back there, each containing a
text: rose. Jack jumps into the driver's seat, enjoying hte feel of the leather
dialog: and wood.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Where to, Miss?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: To the stars.
text: ON JACK as her hands come out of the shadows and pull him over the seat
text: into the back. He lands next to her, and his breath seems loud in the quiet
text: darkness. He looks at her and she is smiling. It is the moment of truth.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Are you nervous?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Au contraire, mon cher.
text: He strokes her face, cherishing her. She kisses his artist's fingers.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Put your hands on me Jack.
text: He kisses her, and she slides down in the seat under his welcome weight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 121 INT. WIRELESS ROOM
text: A BRILLIANT ARC OF ELECTRICITY fills frame-- the sparks gap of the Marconi
text: instrument as SENIOR WIRELESS OPERATOR JACK PHILLIPS (24) rapidly keys out
text: a message. Junior Operator Bride looks through the huge stack of outgoing
text: messages swamping them.
speaker_heading: BRIDE
dialog: Look at this one, he wants his private train to meet him. La dee da.
dialog: (slaps them down)
dialog: We'll be up all bloody night on this lot.
text: Phillips start to receive an incoming message from a nearby ship, the
text: Leyland frieghter CALIFORNIAN, which jams his outgoing signal. At such
text: close range, the beeps are deafening.
speaker_heading: PHILLIPS
dialog: Christ! It's that idiot on the Californian.
text: Cursing, Phillips furiously keys a rebuke.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 122 INT. / EXT. WIRELESS SHAK / FREIGHTER CALIFORNIAN
text: Wireless Operater CYRIL EVANS pulls his earphone off his ear as the
text: Titanic's spark deafens him. he translates the message for THIRD OFFICER
speaker_heading: GROVES.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: Stupid bastard. I try to warn him about the ice, and he says "Keep out.
dialog: Shut up. I'm working Cape Race."
speaker_heading: GROVES
dialog: Now what's he sending?
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: "No seasickness. Poker business good. Al". Well that's it for me. I'm
dialog: shutting down.
text: As Evans wearily switches off his generator, Groves goes out on deck. PAN
text: oFF Him to reveal the ship is stopped fifty yards from the edge of a field
text: of pack ice and icebergs stretching as far as the eye can see.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 123 EXT. OCEAN / TITANIC
text: ON TITANIC, steaming hellbent through the darkness, hurling up white water
text: at the bows. The bow comes straight at us, until the bow wave WIPES THE
speaker_heading: FRAME--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 124 INT. HOLD #2
text: PUSHING IN on the rear window of the Renault, which is completely fogged
text: up. Rose's hand comes up and slams against the glass for a moment, making a
text: handprint in the veil of condensation.
text: INSIDE THE CAR, Jack's overcoat is liek a blanket over them. It stirs and
text: Rose pulls it down. They are huddled under it, intertwined, still mostly
text: clothed. Their faces are flushed and they look at each other wonderingly.
text: She puts her hand on his face, as if making sure he is real.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You're trembling.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's okay. I'm alright.
text: He lays his cheek against her chest.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I can feel your heart beating.
text: She hugs his head to her chest, and just holds on for dear life.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: Well, I wasn't the first teenage girl to get seduced in the backseat of a
dialog: car, and certainly not the last, by several million. He had such fine
dialog: hands, artists' hands, but strong too... roughened by work. I remember
dialog: their touch even now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 125 EXT. ATLANTIC / TITANIC - NIGHT
text: The bow sweeps under us, and the CAMERA CLIMBS toward the foremast and the
text: tiny half-cylinder of the crow's nest, which grows as we push in on
text: lookouts Fleet and Lee. They are stamping their feet and swinging their
text: arms, trying to keep warm in the 22 knot freezing wind, which whips capor
text: of their breath away behind.
speaker_heading: FLEET
dialog: You can smell ice, you know, when it's near.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Bollocks.
speaker_heading: FLEET
dialog: Well I can.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 126 INT. BOILER ROOM SIX
text: Without hearing hte words over the roar of the furnaces, we see stokers
text: telling TWO STEWARDS which way Rose and Jack went. The stewards move off
text: toward the forward holds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 127 INT. CAL AND ROSE'S SUITE
text: Cal stands at the open safe. He stares at the drawing of Rose and his face
text: clenches with fury. He reads the not again: "DARLING, NOW YOU CAN KEEP US
text: BOTH LOCKED IN YOUR SAFE, ROSE".
text: Lovejoy, standing behind him, looks over his shoulder at the drawing. Cal
text: crumples Rose's not, then takes the drawing in both hands as if to rip it
text: in half. He tenses to do it, then stops himself.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: I have a better idea.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 128 INT. HOLD #2 - NIGHT
text: The two stewards enter. They have electric torches and play the beams
text: around the hold. They spot the Renault with its fogged up rear window and
text: approach it slowly.
text: FROM INSIDE we see the torch light up Rose's passionate handprint, still
text: there on the fogged up glass. One steward whips open the door.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Got yer!
text: REVERSE: the back seat is empty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 129 EXT. FORWARD WELL DECK AND CROW'S NEST - NIGHT
text: Rose and Jack, fully dressed, come through a crew door onto the deck. They
text: can barely stand, they are laughing so hard.
text: UP ABOVE THEM, IN THE CROW'S NEST, lookout Fleet hears the disturbance
text: below and looks around and back down to the well deck, where he can see two
text: figures embracing.
text: Jack and Rose stand in each others arms. Their breath clouds around them in
text: the now freezing air, but they don't even feel the cold.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: When this ship docks, I'm getting off with you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is crazy.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I know. It doesn't make any sense. That's why I trust it.
text: Jack pulls her to him and kisses her fiercely.
text: 130 IN THE CROW'S NEST Fleet nudges Lee.
speaker_heading: FLEET
dialog: Cor... look at that, would ya.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: They're a bloody sight warmer than we are.
speaker_heading: FLEET
dialog: Well if that's what it takes for us two to get warm, I'd rather not, if
dialog: it's all the same.
text: They both have a good laugh at that one. It is Fleet whose expression falls
text: first. Glancing forward again, he does a double take. The color drains out
text: of his face.
text: FLEET'S POV: a massive iceberg right in their path, 500 yards out.
speaker_heading: FLEET
dialog: Bugger me!!
text: Fleet reaches past Lee and rings the lookout bell three times, then grabs
text: the telephone, calling the bridge. He waits precious seconds for it to be
text: picket up, never taking his eyes off the black mass ahead.
speaker_heading: FLEET
dialog: Pick up, ya bastard.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 131 INT. / EXT. BRIDGE
text: Inside the enclosed wheelhous, SIXTH OFFICER MOODY walks unhurriedly to the
text: telephone, picking it up.
speaker_heading: FLEET (V.O.)
dialog: Is someone there?
speaker_heading: MOODY
dialog: Yes. What do you see?
speaker_heading: FLEET
dialog: Iceberg right ahead!
speaker_heading: MOODY
dialog: Thankyou.
dialog: (hangs up, calls to Murdoch)
dialog: Iceberg right ahead!
text: Murdoch sees it and rushes to the engine room telegraph. While signaling
text: "FULL SPEED ASTERN" he yells to Quartermaster Hitchins, who is at the
dialog: wheel.
speaker_heading: MURDOCH
dialog: Hard a' starboard.
speaker_heading: MOODY
dialog: (standing behind Hitchins)
dialog: Hard'a starboard. The helm is hard over, sir.
scene_heading: CRASH SEQUENCE / SERIES OF CUTS:
text: 132 CHIEF ENGINEER BELL is just checking the soup he has warming on a steam
text: manifold when the engine telegraph clangs, then goes... incredibly... to
text: FULL SPEED ASTERN. He and the other ENGINEERS just stare at it a second,
text: unbelieving. Then Bell reacts.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Full astern! FULL ASTERN!!
text: The engineers and greasers like madmen to close steam valves and start
text: braking the mighty propeller shafts, big as Sequias, to a stop.
text: 133 IN BOILER ROOM SIX, Leading Stoker FREDERICK BARRETT is standing with
text: 2nd Engineer JAMES HESKETH when the red warning light and "STOP" indicator
dialog: come on.
speaker_heading: BARRETT
dialog: Shut all dampers! Shut 'em!!
text: 134 FROM THE BRIDGE Murdoch watches the burg growing... straight ahead. The
text: bow finally starts to come left (since the ship turns the reverse of the
dialog: helm setting).
text: MURDOCH'S jaw clenches as the bow turns with agonizing slowness. He holds
text: his breath as the horrible physics play out.
text: 135 IN THE CROW'S NEST Frederick Fleet braces himself.
text: 136 THE BOW OF THE SHIP thunders right at CAMERA and--
text: KRUUUNCH!! The ship hits the berg on its starboard bow.
text: 137 UNDERWATER we see the ice smashing in the steel hull plates. The
text: iceberg bumps and scrapes along the side of the ship. Rivets pop as the
text: steel plate of the hull flexes under the load.
text: 138 IN #2 HOLD the two stewards stagger as the hull buckles in four feet
text: with a sound like THUNDER. Like a sledgehammer beating along outside the
text: ship, the berg splits the hull plates and the sea pour in, sweeping them
text: off their feert. The icy water swirls around the Renault as the men
text: scramble for the stairs.
text: 139 ON G-DECK forward Fabrizio is tossed in his bunk by the impact. He
text: hears a sound like the greatly amplified squeal of a skate on ice.
text: 140 IN BOILER ROOM SIX Barret and Hesketh stagger as they hear the ROLLING
text: THUNDER of the collision. They see the starboard side of the ship buckle in
text: toward them and are almost swept off their feet by a rush of water coming
text: in about two feet above the floor.
text: 141 ON THE FORWARD WELL DECK Jack and Rose break their kiss and look up in
text: astonishment as the berg sails past, blocking out the sky like a mountain.
text: Fragments break off it and crash down onto the deck, and they have to jump
text: back to avoid flying chunks of ice.
text: 142 ON THE BRIDGE Murdoch rings the watertight door alarm. He quicky throws
text: the switch that closes them.
speaker_heading: MURDOCH
dialog: Hard a 'port!
text: Judging the berg to be amidships, he is trying to clear the stern.
text: 143 BARRETT AND HESKETH hear the DOOR ALARM and scramble through the
text: swirling water to the watertight door between Boiler Rooms 6 and 5. The
text: room is full of water vapor as the cold sea strikes the red hot furnaces.
text: Barrett yells to the stokers scrambling through the door as it comes down
text: like a slow guillotine.
speaker_heading: BARRETT
dialog: Go Lads! Go! Go!
text: He dives through into Boiler Room 5 just before the door rumbles down with
text: a CLANG.
text: 144 JACK AND ROSE rush to the starboard rail in time to see the berg moving
text: aft down the side of the ship.
text: 145 In his stateroom, surrounded by piles of plans while making notes in
text: his ever-present book, Andrews looks up at the sound of a cut-crystal light
text: fixture tinkling like a windchime.
text: He feels the shudder run through the ship. And we see it in his face. Too
dialog: much of his soul is in this great ship for him not to feel its mortal
dialog: wound.
text: 146 IN THE FIRST CLASS SMOKING ROOM Gracie watches his highball vibrating
text: on the table.
text: 147 IN THE PALM COURT, with its high arched windows, Molly Brown holds up
text: her drink to a passing waiter.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Hey, can I get some ice here, please?
text: Silently, a moving wall of ice fills the window behind her. She doesn't see
text: it. It disappears astern.
speaker_heading: 148 OMITTED
text: 149 IN THE CROW'S NEST Fleet turns to his Lee...
speaker_heading: FLEET
dialog: Oy, mate... that was a close shave.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Smell ice, can you? Bleedin' Christ!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 150 INT. / EXT. BRIDGE
text: CLOSE ON MURDOCH. The alarm bells still clatter mindlessly, seeming to
text: reflect his inner state. He is in shock, unable to get a grip on what just
text: happened. He just ran the biggest ship in history into an iceberg on its
dialog: maiden voyage.
speaker_heading: MURDOCH
dialog: (stiffly, to Moody)
dialog: Note the time. Enter it in the log.
text: Captain Smith rushes out of his cabin onto the bridge, tucking in his
dialog: shirt.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What was that, Mr. Murdoch?
speaker_heading: MURDOCH
dialog: An iceberg, sir. I put her hard a' starboard and run the engines full
text: astern, but it was too close. I tried to port around it, but she hi... and
dialog: I--
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: Close the emergency doors.
speaker_heading: MURDOCH
text: The doors are closed.
text: Together they rush out onto the starboard wing, and Murdoch points. Smith
text: looks into the darkness aft, then wheels around to FOURTH OFFICER BOHALL.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Find the Carpenter and get him to sound the ship.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 151 INT. G-DECK FORWARD
text: In steerage, Fabrizio comes out into the hall to see what's going on. He
text: sees dozens of rats running toward him in the corridor, fleeing the
text: flooding bow. Fabrizio jumps aside as the rats run by.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: Ma-- che cazzo!
text: 152 IN HIS STATEROOM Tommy gets out of his top bunk in the dark and drops
text: down to the floor. SPLASH!!
speaker_heading: TOMMMY
dialog: Cor!! What in hell--?!
text: He naps on the light. The floor is covered with 3 inches of freezing water,
text: and more coming in. He pulls the door open, and steps out into the
text: corridor, which is flooded. Fabrizio is running toward him, yelling
text: something in Italian. Tommy and Fabrizio start pounding on doors, getting
text: everybody up and out. The alarm spreads in several languages.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 153 INT. FIRST CLASS CORRIDOR / A-DECK
text: A couple of people have come out into the corridor in robes and slippers. A
text: STeWARD hurries along, reassuring them.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Why have the engines stopped? I felt a shudder?
speaker_heading: STEWARD #1
dialog: I shouldn't worry, m'am. We've likely thrown a propeller blade, that's the
dialog: shudder you felt. May I bring you anything?
text: THOMAS ANDREWS brushes past them, walking fast and carrying an armload of
text: rolled up ship's plans.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 154 EXT. FORWARD WELL DECK
text: Jack and Rose are leaning over the starboard rail, looking at the hull of
dialog: the ship.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Looks okay. I don't see anything.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Could it have damaged the ship?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It didn't seem like much of a bump. I'm sure we're okay.
text: Behind them a couple of steerage guys are kicking the ice around the deck,
dialog: laughing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 155 INT. STEERAGE FORWARD
text: Fabrizio and Tommy are in a crowd of steerage men clogging the corridors,
text: heading aft away from the flooding. Many of them have grabbed suitcases and
text: duffel bags, some of which are soaked.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: If this is the direction the rats were runnin', it's good enough for me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 156 INT. CORRIDOR ON B DECK
text: Bruce Ismay, dressed in pajamas under the topcoat, hurries down the
text: corridor, headed for the bridge. An officious steward named BARNES comes
text: along the other direction, getting the few concerned passengers back into
dialog: their rooms.
speaker_heading: STEWARD BARNES
dialog: There's no cause for alarm. Please, go back to your rooms.
text: He is stopped in his tracks by Cal and Lovejoy.
speaker_heading: STEWARD BARNES
dialog: Please, sir. There's no emergency--
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Yes there is, I have been robbed. Now get the Master at Arms. Now you
dialog: moron!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 157 INT. BRIDGE / CHARTROOM
text: C.U. CAPTAIN SMITH studying the commutator.
text: He turns to Andrews, standing behind him.
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: A five degree list in less than ten minutes.
text: SHIP'S CARPENTER JOHN HUTCHINSON enters behind him, out of breath and
text: clearly unnerved.
speaker_heading: HUTCHINSON
text: She's making water fast... in the forepeak tank and the forward holds, in
dialog: boiler room six.
text: ISMAY enters, his movements quick with anger and frustration. Smith glances
text: at him with annoyance.
speaker_heading: ISMAY
dialog: Why have we stopped?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We've struck ice.
speaker_heading: ISMAY
dialog: Well, do you think the ship is seriously damaged?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (glaring)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Smith pushes past him, with Andrews and Hutchinson in tow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 158 INT. BOILER ROOM 6
text: Strokers and firemen are struggling to draw the fires. They are working in
text: waist deep water churning around as it flows into the boiler room, ice cold
text: and swirling with grease from the machinery. Chief Engineer Bell comes
text: partway down the ladder and shouts.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: That's it, lads. Get the hell up!
text: They scramble up the escape ladders.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 159 EXT. B-DECK FORWARD / WELL DECK
text: The gentlemen, now joined by another man, leans on the forward rail
text: watching the steerage men playing soccer with chunks of ice.
speaker_heading: GENTLEMAN
dialog: I guess it's nothing too serious. I'm going back to my cabin to read.
text: A 20ish YALE MAN pops through the door wearing a topcoat over pajamas.
speaker_heading: YALEY
dialog: Say, did I miss the fun?
text: Rose and Jack come up the steps from the well deck, which are right next to
text: the three men. They stare as the couple climbs over the locked gate.
text: A moment later Captain Smith rounds the corner, followed by Andrews and
text: Carpenter Hutchinson. They have come down from the bridge by the outside
text: stairs. The three men, their faces grim, crush right past Jack and Rose.
text: Andrews barely glances at her.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Can you shore up?
speaker_heading: HUTCHINSON
dialog: Not unless the pumps get ahead.
text: The inspection party goes down the stairs to the well deck.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (low, to her)
dialog: It's bad.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We have to tell Mother and Cal.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Now it's worse.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Come with me, Jack. I jump, you jump... Right?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Right.
text: Jack follows Rose through the door inside the ship.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 160 INT. B-DECK FOYER / CORRIDOR
text: Jack and Rose cross the foyer, entering the corridor. Lovejoy is waiting
text: for them in the hall as they approach the room.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
dialog: We've been looking for you miss.
text: Lovejoy follows and, unseen, moves close behind Jack and smoothly slips the
text: diamond necklace into the pocket of his overcoat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 161 INT. ROSE AND CAL'S SUITE
text: Cal and Ruth wait in the sitting room, along with the Master at Arms and
text: two stewards (Steward #1 and Barnes). Silence as Rose and Jack enter. Ruth
text: closes her robe at her throat when she sees Jack.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Something serious has happened.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: That's right. Two things dear to me have disappeared this evening. Now that
dialog: one is back...
dialog: (he looks from Rose to Jack)
dialog: ... I have a pretty good idea where to fine the other.
dialog: (to Master at Arms)
dialog: Search him.
text: The Master at Arms steps up to Jack.
speaker_heading: MASTER AT ARMS
dialog: Coat off, mate.
text: Lovejoy pulls at Jack's coat and Jack shakes his head in dismay, shrugging
text: out of it. The Master at Arms pats him down.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is horseshit.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Cal, you can't be serious! We're in the middle of an emergency and you--
text: Steward Barnes pulls the Heart of the Ocean out of the pocket of Jack's
dialog: coat.
speaker_heading: STEWARD BARNES
dialog: Is this it?
text: Rose is stunned. Needless to say, so is Jack.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: That's it.
speaker_heading: MASTER AT ARMS
dialog: Right then. Now don't make a fuss.
text: He starts to handcuff Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't you believe it, Rose. Don't!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (uncertain)
dialog: He couldn't have.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Of course he could. Easy enough for a professional. He memorized the
dialog: combination when you opend the safe.
text: FLASHBACK: Rose at the safe, looking in the mirror and meeting Jack's eyes
text: as he stands behind her, watching.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: But I was with him the whole time.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (just to her, low and cold)
dialog: Maybe he did it while you were putting your clothes back on.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They put it in my pocket!
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
dialog: (holding Jack's coat)
dialog: It's not even your pocket, son.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Property of A. L. Ryerson".
text: Lovejoy shows the coat to the Master at Arms. There is a label inside the
text: collar with the owner's name.
speaker_heading: MASTER AT ARMS
dialog: That was reported stolen today.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I was going to return it! Rose--
text: Rose feels utterly betrayed, hurt and confused. She shrinks away from him.
text: He starts shouting to her as Lovejoy and the Master at Arms drag him out
text: into the hall. She can't look him in the eye.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Rose, don't listen to them... I didn't do this! You know I didn't! You know
dialog: it!
text: She is devastated. Her mother lays a comforting hand on her shoulder as te
text: tears well up.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Why do women believe men?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 162 INT. MAIL SORTING ROOM / HOLD
text: Smith and Andrews come down the steps to the Mail Sorting Room and finds
text: the clerks scrambling to pull mail from the racks. They are furiously
text: hauling wet sacks of mail up from the hold below.
text: Andrews climbs partway down the stairs to the hold, which is almost full.
text: Sacks of mail float everywhere. The lights are still on below the surface,
text: casting an eerie glow. The Renault is visible under the water, the brass
text: glinting cheerfully. Andrews looks down as the water covers his shoe, and
text: scrambles back up the stairs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 163 INT. BRIDE / CHARTROOM
text: Andrews unrolls a big drawing of the ship across the chartroom table. It is
text: a side elevation, showing all the watertight bulkheads. His hands are
text: shaking. Murdoch and Ismay hover behind Andrews and the Captain.
speaker_heading: ISMAY
dialog: When can we get underway, do you think?
text: Smith glares at him and turns his attention to Andrews' drawing. The
text: builder points to it for emphasis as he talks.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
text: Water 14 feet above the keel in ten minutes... in the forepeak... in all
text: three holds... and in boiler room six.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
text: Five compartments. She can stay afloat with the first four compartments
text: breached. But not five. Not five. As she goes down by the head the water
text: will spill over the tops of the bulkheads... at E Deck... from one to the
text: next... back and back. There's no stopping it.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: The pumps--
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: The pumps buy you time... but minutes only. From this moment, no matter
dialog: what we do, Titanic will founder.
speaker_heading: ISMAY
dialog: But this ship can't sink!
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: She is made of iron, sir. I assure you, she can. And she will. It is a
dialog: mathematical certainty.
text: Smith looks like he has been gutpunched.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: How much time?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
text: An hour, two at most.
text: Ismay reels as his dream turns into his worst nightmare.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And how many aboard, Mr. Murdoch?
speaker_heading: MURDOCH
dialog: Two thousand two hundred souls aboard, sir.
text: A long beat. Smith turns to his employer.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I believe you may get your headlines, Mr. Ismay.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 164 EXT. BOAT DECK
text: Andrews is striding along the boat deck, as seamen and officers scurry to
text: uncover the boats. Steam is venting from pipes on the funnes overhead, and
text: the din is horrendous. Speech is difficult adding to the crew's level of
text: disorganization. Andrews sees some men fumbling with the mechanism of one
text: of the Wellin davits and yells to them over the roar of steam.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Turn to the right! Pull the falls taut before you unchock. Have you never
dialog: had a boat drill?
speaker_heading: SEAMAN
dialog: No sir! Not with these new davits, sir.
text: He looks around, disguisted as the crew fumble with the davits, and the
text: tackle for the "falls"... the ropes which are used to lower the boats. A
text: few passengers are coming out on deck, hesitantly in the noise and bitter
dialog: cold.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 165 INT. ROSE AND CAL'S SUITE
text: From inside the sitting room they can hear knocking and voices in the
dialog: corridor.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I had better go dress.
text: Ruth exits and Hockley crosses to Rose. He regards her coldly for a moment,
text: then SLAPS her across the face.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: It is a little slut, isn't it?
text: To Rose the blow is inconsequential compared to the blow her heart has been
text: given. Cal grabs her shoulders roughly.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Look at me, you little--
text: There is a loud knock on the door and an urgent voice. The door opens and
text: their steward puts his head in.
speaker_heading: STEWARD BARNES
dialog: Sir, I've been told to ask you to please put on your lifebelt, and come up
text: to the boat deck.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Get out. We're busy.
text: The steward persists, coming in to get the lifebelts down from the top of a
dialog: dresser.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: I'm sorry about the inconvenience, Mr. Hockley, but it's Captain's orders.
dialog: Please dress warmly, it's quite cold tonight.
dialog: (he hands a lifebelt to Rose)
dialog: Not to worry, miss, I'm sure it's just a precaution.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: This is ridiculous.
text: In the corridor outside the stewards are being so polite and obsequious
text: they are conveying no sense of danger whatsoever. However, it's another
dialog: story in...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 166 INT. STEERAGE BERTHING AFT
text: BLACKNESS. Then BANG! The door is thrown open and the lights snapped on by
text: a steward. The Cartmell family rouses from a sound sleep.
speaker_heading: STEWARD #2
dialog: Everybody up. Let's go. Put your lifebelts on.
text: IN THE CORRIDOR outside, another steward is going from door to door along
text: the hall, pouncing and yelling.
speaker_heading: STEWARD #2
text: Lifebelts on. Lifebelts on. Everybody up, come on. Lifebelts on...
text: People come out of the doors behind the steward, perplexed. In the
text: foreground a SYRIAN WOMAN asks her husband what was said. He shrugs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 167 INT. WIRELESS ROOM
text: ON PHILLIPS, looking shocked.
speaker_heading: PHILLIPS
dialog: CQD, sir?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: That's right. The distress call. CQD. Tell whoever responds that we are
text: going down by the head and need immediate assistance.
text: Smith hurries out.
speaker_heading: PHILLIPS
dialog: Blimey.
speaker_heading: BRIDE
dialog: Maybe you ought to try that new distress call... S.O.S.
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: It may be our only chance to use it.
text: Phillips laughs in spite of himself and starts sending history's first
dialog: S.O.S. Dit dit dit, da da da, dit dit dit... over and over.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 168 EXT. BOAT DECK
text: Thomas Andrews looks around in amazement. The deck is empty except for the
text: crew fumbling with the davits. He yells over the roar of the steam to First
dialog: Officer Murdoch.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Where are all the passengers?
speaker_heading: MURDOCH
text: They've all gone back inside. Too damn cold and noisy for them.
text: Andrews feels like he is in a bad dream. He looks at his pocketwatch and
text: heads for the foyer entrance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 169 INT. A-DECK FOYER
text: A large number of First Class passengers have gathered near the staircase.
text: They are getting indignant about the confusion. Molly Brown snags a passing
text: YOUNG STEWARD.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What's doing, sonny? You've got us all trussed up and now we're cooling our
dialog: heels.
text: The young steward backs away, actually stumbling on the stairs.
scene_heading: YOUNG STEWARD
dialog: Sorry, mum. Let me go and find out.
text: The jumpy piano rhythm of "Alexander's Ragtime Band" comes out of the first
text: class lounge a few yards away. Band leader WALLACE HARTLEY has assembled
text: some of his men on Captain's orders, to allay panic.
text: Hockley's entourage comes up to the A-deck foyer. Cal is carrying the
text: lifebelts, almost as an afterthought. Rose is like a sleepwalker.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: It's just the God damned English doing everything by the book.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: There's no need for language, Mr. Hockley.
dialog: (to Trudy)
dialog: Go back and turn the heater on in my room, so it won't be too cold when we
dialog: get back.
text: Thomas Andrews enters, looking around the magnificent room, which he knows
text: is doomed. Rose, standing nearby, sees his heartbroken expression. She
text: walks over to him and Cal goes after her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I saw the iceberg, Mr. Andrews. And I see it in your eyes. Please tell me
dialog: the truth.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: The ship will sink.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You're certain?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Yes. In an hour or so... all this... will be at the bottom of the Atlantic.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: My God.
text: Now it is Cal's turn to look stunned. The Titanic? Sinking?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Please tell only who you must, I don't want to be responsible for a panic.
dialog: And get to a boat quickly. Don't wait. You remember what I told you about
dialog: the boats?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, I understand. Thankyou.
text: Andrews goes off, moving among the passengers and urging them to put on
text: their lifebelts and get to the boats.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 170 INT. MASTER AT ARMS OFFICE
text: Lovejoy and the Master at Arms are handcuffing Jack to a 4" WATER PIPE as a
text: crewman rushes in anxiously and almost blurts to the Master at Arms--
speaker_heading: CREWMAN
dialog: You're wanted by the Purser, sir. Urgently.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
dialog: Go on. I'll keep an eye on him.
text: Lovejoy pulls a pearl handled Colt .45 automatic from under his coat. The
text: Master at Arms nods and tosses the handcuff key to Lovejoy, then exits with
text: the crewman. Lovejoy flips the key in the air. Catches it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 171 INT. BRIDGE
text: Junior Wireless Operator Bride is relaying a message to Captain Smith from
text: the CUNARD LINER CARPATHIA.
speaker_heading: BRIDE
dialog: Carpathia says they're making 17 knots, full steam for them, sir.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And she's the only one who's responding?
speaker_heading: BRIDE
dialog: The only one close, sir. She says they can be here in four hours.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Four hours!
text: The enormity of it hits Smith like a sledgehammer blow.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Thank you, Bride.
text: He turns as Bride exits, and looks out onto the blackness.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: My God.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 172 EXT. BOAT DECK - NIGHT
text: Lightoller has his boats swung out. He is standing amidst a crowd of
text: uncertain passengers in all states of dress and undress. One first class
text: woman is barefoot. Others are in stockings. The maitre of the restaurant is
text: in top hat and overcoat. Others are still in evening dress, while some are
text: in bathrobes and kimonos. Women are wearing lifebelts over velvet gowns,
text: then topping it with sble stoles. Some brought jewels, others books, even
dialog: small dogs.
text: Lightoller sees Smith walking stiffly toward him and quickly goes to him.
text: He yells into the Captain's ear, through cupped hands, over the roar of the
dialog: steam...
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Hadn't we better get the women and children into the boats, sir?
text: Smith just nods, a bit abstractly. The fire has gone out of him. Lightoller
text: sees the awesome truth in Smith's face.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: (to the men)
dialog: Right! Start the loading. Women and children!
text: The appalling din of escaping steam abruptly cuts off, leaving a sudden
text: unearthly silence in which Lightoller's voice echoes.
text: ON WALLACE HARTLEY raising his violin to play.
speaker_heading: HARTLEY
dialog: Number 26. Ready and--
text: The band has reassembled just outside the First Class Entrance, port side,
text: near where Lightoller is calling for the boats to be loaded. They strike up
text: a waltz, lively and elegant. The music wafts all over the ship.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Ladies, please. Step into the boat.
text: Finally one soman steps across the gap, into the boat, terrified of the
text: drop to the water far below.
speaker_heading: WOMAN IN CROWD
dialog: You watch. They'll put us off in these silly little boats to freeze, and
dialog: we'll all be back on board by breakfast.
text: Cal, Rose and Ruth come out of the doors near the band.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: My brooch, I left my brooch. I must have it!
text: She turns back to go to her room but Cal takes her by the arm, refusing to
text: let her go. The firmness of his hold surprises her.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Stay here, Ruth.
text: Ruth sees his expression, and knows fear for the first time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 173 INT. STEERAGE BERTHING AFT / CORRIDORS AND STAIRWELL
text: It is chaos, with stewards pushing their way through narrow corridors
text: clogged with peopel carrying suitcases, duffel bags, children. Some have
text: lifebelts on, others don't.
speaker_heading: STEWARD #2
dialog: (to Steward #3)
dialog: I told the stupid sods no luggage. Aw, bloody hell!
text: He throws up his hand at the sight of a family, loaded down with cases and
text: bags, completely blocking the corridor.
text: Fabrizio and Tommy push past the stewards, going the other way. They rech a
text: huge crowd gathered at the bottom of the MAIN 3RD CLASS STAIRWELL. Fabrizio
text: spots Helga with the rest of the Dahl family, standing patiently with
text: suitcases in hand. He reaches her and she grins, hugging him.
text: Tommy pushes to where he can see what's holding up the group. There is a
text: steel gate across the top of the stairs, with several stewards and seamen
text: on the other side.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Stay calm, please. It's not time to go up to the boats yet.
text: Near Tommy, an IRISHWOMAN stands stoically with two small children and
text: their battered luggage.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: What are we doing, mummy?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: We're just waiting, dear. When they fiish putting First Class people in the
dialog: boats, they'll be startin' with us, and we'll want to be all ready, won't
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 174 EXT. STARBOARD SIDE
text: Boat 7 is less than half full, with 28 aboard a boat made for 65.
scene_heading: FIRST OFFICER MURDOCH
dialog: Lower away! By the left and right together, stady lads!
text: The boat lurches as the falls start to pay out through the pulley blocks.
text: The women gasp. The boat descends, swaying and jerking, toward the water 60
text: feet below. The passengers are terrified.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 175 EXT. / INT. TITANIC HULL AND MASTER AT ARMS OFFICE
text: TRACKING along the rows of portholes angling down into the water. Under the
text: surface, they glow green. PUSHING IN on one porthole which is have
text: submerged. Inside we see Jack, looking apprehensively at the water rising
text: up the glass.
text: INSIDE THE MASTER AT ARMS' OFFICE Jack sits chained to the waterpipe, next
text: to the porthole. Lovejoy sits on the edge of a desk. He puts a .45 bullet
text: on the desk and watches it roll across and fall off. He picks up the
dialog: bullet.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
dialog: You know... I believe this ship may sink.
dialog: (crosses to Jack)
dialog: I've been asked to give you this small token of our appreciation...
text: He punches Jack hard in the stomach, knocking the wind out of him.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
text: Compliments of Mr. Caledon Hockley.
text: Lovejoy flips the handcuff key in the air, catches it and puts it in his
text: pocket. He exits. Jack is left gasping, handcuffed to the pipe.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 176 EXT. BOAT DECK / STARBOARD SIDE, FORWARD
text: At the stairwell rail on the bridge wing, Fourth Officer Boxhall and
text: Quartermaster Rowe light the first distress rocket. It shoots into the sky
text: and EXPLODES with a thunderclap over the ship, sending out white starbursts
text: which light up the entire deck as they fall.
text: WHIP PAN off the starbursts to Ismay. The Managing Director of White Star
text: Line is cracking. Already at the breaking point from his immense guilt, the
text: rocket panics him. He starts shouting at the officers struggling with the
text: falls of BOAT 5.
speaker_heading: ISMAY
dialog: There is no time to waste!
dialog: (yelling and waving his arms)
dialog: Lower away! Lower away! Lower away!
text: FIFTH OFFICER LOWE, a baby-faced 28, and the youngest officer, looks up
text: from the tangled falls at the madman.
speaker_heading: LOWE
dialog: Get out of the way, you fool!
speaker_heading: ISMAY
dialog: Do you know who I am?
text: Lowe, not having a clue nor caring, squares up to Ismay.
speaker_heading: LOWE
dialog: You're a passenger. And I'm a ship's bloody officer. Now do what you're
dialog: told!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: LOWE (CONT'D)
dialog: (turning away)
dialog: Steady men! Stand by the falls!
speaker_heading: ISMAY
dialog: (numbly, backing away)
dialog: Yes, quite right. Sorry.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 177 EXT. BOAT DECK / PORT SIDE
text: SECOND OFFICER LIGHTOLLER is loading the boat nearest Cal and Rose... Boat
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Women and children only! Sorry sir, no men yet.
text: Another rocket bursts overhead, lighting the crowd. Startled faces turn
text: upward. Fear now in the eyes.
text: DANIEL MARVIN has his Biograph camera set up, cranking away... hoping to
text: get an exposure off the rocket's light. he has Mary posed in front of the
text: scene at the boats.
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: You're afraid, darling. Scared to death. That's it!
text: Either she suddenly learned to act or she is petrified.
text: ROSE watches the farewells taking pace right in front of her as they step
text: closer to the boat. Husbands saying goodbye to wives and children. Lovers
text: and friends parted. Nearby MOLLY is getting a reluctant woman to board the
dialog: boat.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Come on, you heard the man. Get in the boat, sister.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Will the lifeboats be seated according to class? I hope they're not too
dialog: crowded--
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, Mother shut up!
dialog: (Ruth freezes, mouth open)
dialog: Don't you understand? The water is freezing and there aren't enough
dialog: boats... not enough by half. Half the people on this ship are going to die.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Not the better half.
text: PUSH IN ON ROSE'S FACE as it hits her like a thunderbolt. Jack is third
text: class. He doesn't stand a chance. Another rocket bursts overhead, bathing
text: her face in white light.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You unimaginable bastard.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Come on, Ruth, get in the boat. These are the first class seats right up
dialog: here. That's it.
text: Molly practically hands her over to Lightoller, then looks around for some
dialog: other women who might need a push.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Come on, Rose. You're next, darlin'.
text: Rose steps back, shaking her head.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Rose, get in the boat!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Goodbye, mother.
text: Ruth, standing in the tippy lifeboat, can do nothing. Cal grabs Rose's arm
text: but she pulls free and walks away through the crowd. Cal catches up to Rose
text: and grabs her again, roughly.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Where are you going? To him? Is that it? To be a whore to that gutter rat?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'd rather be his whore than your wife.
text: He clenches his jaw and squeezes her arm viciously, pulling her back toward
text: the lifeboat. Rose pulls out a hairpin and jabs him with it. he lets go
text: with a curse and she runs into the crowd.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Lower away!!
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Rose! ROSE!!
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Stuff a sock in it, would ya, Ruth. She'll be along.
text: The boat lurches downward as the falls are paid out.
text: TRACKING WITH ROSE, as she runs through the clusters of people. She looks
text: back and a furious Cal is coming after her. She runs breathlessly up to two
dialog: proper looking men.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: That man tried to take advantage of me in the crowd!
text: Appalled, they turn to see Cal running toward them. Rose runs on as the two
text: men grab Cal, restraining him. She runs throught the First Class entrance.
text: Cal breaks free and runs after her. He reaches the entrance, but runs into
text: a knot of people coming out. He pushes rudely through them...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 178 INT. BOAT DECK FOYER / STAIRCASE / A-DECK FOYER
text: Cal runs in, and down to the landing, pushing past the gentlemen and ladies
text: who are filling up the stairs. He scans the A-deck foyer. Rose is gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 179 EXT. OCEAN / TITANIC / BOAT 6
text: The hull of Titanic looms over Boat 6 like a cliff. Its enormous mass is
text: suddenly threatening to those in the tiny boat. Quartermaster Hitchins, at
text: the tiller, wants nothing but to get away from the ship. Unfortunately his
text: two seamen can't row. They flail like a duck with a broken wing.
speaker_heading: HITCHINS
dialog: Keep pulling... away from the ship. Pull.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Ain't you boys ever rowed before? Here, gimme those oars. I'll show ya how
dialog: it's done.
text: She climbs over Ruth to get at the oars, stepping on her feet.
text: Around them the evacuation is in full swing, with boats in the water,
text: others being lowered.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 180 INT. MASTER AT ARMS OFFICE / CORRIDOR
text: Jack pulls on the pipe with all his strength. It's not budging. He hears
text: gurgling sound. Water pours under the door, spreading rapidly across the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Shit.
text: He tries to pull one hand out of the cuffs, working until the skin is
dialog: raw... no good.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Help!! Somebody!! Can anybody hear me?!
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: This could be bad.
text: 181 THE CORRIDOR outside is deserted. Flooded a couple of inches deep.
text: Jack's voice comes faintly through the door, but there is no one to hear
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 182 INT. FIRST CLASS CORRIDOR
text: Thomas Andrews is opening stateroom doors, checking that people are out.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Anyone in here?
text: Rose runs up to him, breathless.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mr. Andrews, thank God! Where would the Master at Arms take someone under
dialog: arrest?!
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: What? You have to get to a boat right away!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No! I'll do this with or without your help, sir. But without will take
dialog: longer.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: (beat)
text: Take the elevator to the very bottom, go left, down the crewman's passage,
dialog: then make a right.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Bottom, left, right. I have it.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Hurry, Rose.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 183 INT. FOYER / ELEVATORS
text: Rose runs up as the last Elecator Operator is closing up his lift to leave.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Sorry, miss, lifts are closed--
text: Without thinking she grabs him and shoves him back into the lift.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm through with being polite, goddamnit!! I may never be polite the rest
dialog: of my life! Now take me down!!
text: The operator fumbles to close the gate and start the lift.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 184 EXT. OCEAN / BOAT 6
text: Molly and the two seamen are rowing, and they've made it a hundret feet or
text: so. Enough to see that the ship is angled down into the water, with the bow
text: rail less than ten feet above the surface.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Come on girls, join in, it'll keep ya warm. Let's go Ruth. Grab an oar!
text: Ruth just stares at the spectacle of the great liner, its rows of lights
text: blazing, slanting down into the sullen black mirror of the Atlanic.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 185 INT. FIRST CLASS ELEVATOR / CORRIDORS
text: Through the wrought iron door of the elevator car Rose can see the decks
text: going past. The lift slows. Suddenly ICE WATER is swirling around her legs.
text: She SCREAMS in surprise. So does the operator.
text: The car has landed in a foot of freezing water, shocking the hell out of
text: her. She claws the door open and splashes out, hiking up her floor-length
text: skirt so she can move. The lift goes back up, behind her, as she looks
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Left, crew passage.
text: She spots it and slogs down the flooded corridor. The place is
text: understandably deserted. She is on her own.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Right, right... right.
text: She turns into a cross-corridor, splashing down the hall. A row of doors on
dialog: each side.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Jack? Jaaacckk??
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 186 INT. MASTER AT ARMS OFFICE / CORRIDOR
text: Jack is hopelessly pulling on the pipe again, straining until he turns red.
text: He collapses back on the bench. realizing he's screwed. Then he hears her
text: through the door.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: ROSE!! In here!
text: 187 IN THE HALL Rose hears his voice behind her. She spins and runs back,
text: locating the right door, then pushes it open, creating a small wave.
text: She splashes over Jack and puts her arms around him.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Jack, Jack, Jack... I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.
text: They are so happy to see each other it's embarrassing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That guy Lovejoy put it in my pocket.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I know, I know.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: See if you can find a key for these. Try those drawers. It's a little brass
dialog: one.
text: She kisses his face and hugs him again, then starts to go through the desk.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So... how did you find out I didn't do it?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I didn't.
dialog: (she looks at him)
dialog: I just realized I already knew.
text: They share a look, then she goes back to ransacking the room, searching
text: drawers and cupboards. Jack sees movement out the porthole and looks out.
text: A LIFEBOAT hits the surface of the water, seen from below.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 188 EXT. TITANIC / BOAT ONE
text: While the seamen detach the falls, Boat One rocks next to the hull. Lucile
text: and Sir Cosmo Duff-Gordon sit with ten others in a boat made for four times
dialog: that many.
speaker_heading: LUCILE
dialog: I despise small boats. I just know I'm going to be seasick. I always get
text: seasick in small boats. Good Heavens, there's a man down there.
text: In a lit porthole beneath the surface she sees Jack looking up at her... a
text: face in a bubble of light under the water.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 189 INT. MASTER AT ARMS OFFICE
text: Rose stops trashing the room, and stands there, breathing hard.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: There's no key in here.
text: They look around at the water, now almost two feet deep. Jack has pulled
text: his feet up onto the bench.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You have to go for help.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I'll be right back.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'll wait here.
text: She runs out, looking back at him once from the doorway, then splashes
text: away. Jack looks down at the swirling water.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 190 INT. STAIRWELL AND CORRIDORS
text: Rose splashes down the hall to a stairwell going up to the next deck. She
text: climbs the stairs, her long skirt leaving a trail like a giant snail. The
text: weight of it is really slowing her down. She rips at the buttons and
text: shimmies quickly out of the thing. She bounds up the stairs in her
text: stockings and knee-length slip, to find herself in--
text: 191 A LONG CORRIDOR... part of the labyrinth of steerage hallways forward.
text: She is alone here. A long groan of stressing metal echoes along the hall as
text: the ship continues to settle. She runs down the hall, unimpeded now.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hello? Somebody?!
text: She turns a corner and runs along another corridor in a daze. The hall
text: slopes down into water which, shimmers, reflecting the light. The margin of
text: the water creeps toward her. A YOUNG MAN appears, running through the
text: water, sending up geysers of spray. He pelts past her without slowing, his
text: eyes crazed...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Help me! We need help!
text: He doesn't look back. It is like a bad dream. The hull gongs with
text: terrifying sounds.
text: The lights flicker and go out, leaving utter darkness. A beat. Then they
text: come back on. She finds herself hyperventilating. That one moment of
dialog: blackness was the most terrifying of her life.
text: A STEWARD runs around the nearest corner, his arms full of lifebelts. He is
text: upset to see someone still in his section. He grabs her forcefully by the
text: arm, pulling her with him like a wayward child.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Come on, then, let's get you topside, miss, that's right.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Wait. Wait! I need your help! There's--
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: No need for panic, miss. Come along!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No, let me go! You're going the wrong way!
text: He's not listening. And he won't let her go.
text: She SHOUTS in his ear, and when he turns, she punches him squarely in the
text: nose. Shocked, he lets her go and staggers back.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: To Hell with you!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: See you there, buster!
text: The steward runs off, holding his bloody nose. She spits after him. Just
dialog: the way Jack taugh: her.
text: She turns around, SEES: a glass case with a fire-axe in it. She breaks the
text: glass with a battered suitcase which is lying discarded nearby, and seizes
text: the axe, running back the way she came.
text: 192 AT THE STAIRWELL she looks down and gasps. The water has flooded the
text: bottom five steps. She goes down and has to crouch to look along the
text: corridor to the room where Jack is trapped.
text: Rose plunges into the water, which is up to her waist... and powers
text: forward, holding the axe above her head in two hands. She grimaces at the
text: pain from the literally freezing water.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 193 INT. MASTER AT ARMS OFFICE
text: Jack has climbed up on the bench, and is hugging the waterpipe. Rose wades
text: in, holding the axe above her head.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Will this work?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We'll find out.
text: They are both terrified, but trying to keep panic at bay. He positions the
text: chain connecting the two cuffs, stretching it taut across the steel pipe.
text: The chain is of course very short, and his exposed wrists are on either
dialog: side of it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Try a couple practice swings.
text: Rose hefts the axe and thunks it into a wooden cabinet.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Now try to hit the same mark again.
text: She swings hard and the blade thunks in four inches from the mark.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay, that's enough practice.
text: He winces, bracing himself as she raises the axe. She has to hit a target
text: about an inch wide with all the foce she can muster, with his hands on
dialog: either side.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (sounding calm)
dialog: You can do it, Rose. Hit it as hard as you can, I trust you.
text: Jack closes his eyes. So does she.
text: The axe comes down. K-WHANG! Rose gingerly opens her eyes looks... Jack is
text: grinning with two separate cuffs.
text: Rose drops the axe, all the strength going out of her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nice work, there, Paul Bunyan.
text: He climbs down into the water next to her. He can't breathe for a second.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Shit! Excuse my French. Ow ow ow, that is cold! Come on, let's go.
text: They wade out into the hall. Rose starts toward the stiars going up, but
text: Jack stops her. There is only about a foot of the stairwell opening
text: visible.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Too deep. We gotta find another way out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 194 EXT. BOAT 6 AND TITANIC
text: TIGHT ON THE LETTERS TITANIC painted two feet high on the bow of the doomed
text: steamer. Once 50 feet above the waterline, they now quietly slip below the
text: surface. We see them, gold on black, rippling and dimming to a pale green
text: as they go deeper.
text: 195 IN BOAT SIX, Ruth looks back at the Titanic, transfixed by the sight of
text: the dying liner. The bowsprit is now barely above the waterline. Another of
text: Boxhall's rockets EXPLODES overhead. K-BOOM! It lights up the whole area,
text: and we see half a dozen boats in the water, spreading out from the ship.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Now there's somethin' you don't see every day.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 196 INT. SCOTLAND ROAD / E-DECK
text: The widest passageway in the ship, it is used by crew and steerage alike,
text: and runs almost the length of the ship. Right now steerage passengers move
text: along it like refugees, heading aft.
text: CRASH! A wooden doorframe splinters and the door bursts open under the
text: force of Jack's shoulder. Jack and Rose stumble through, into the corridor.
text: A STEWARD, who was nearby herding people along, marches over.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Here you! You'll have to pay for that, you know. That's White Star Line
dialog: property--
speaker_heading: JACK AND ROSE
dialog: (turning together)
dialog: Shutup!
text: Jack leads her past the dumbfounded steward. They join the steerage
text: stragglers going aft. In places the corridor is almost completely blocked
text: by large families carrying all their luggage.
text: AN IRISH WOMAN gives Rose a blanket, more for modesty than because she is
text: blue-lipped and shivering.
speaker_heading: IRISHWOMAN
dialog: Here, lass, cover yerself.
text: Jack rubs her arms and tries to warm her up as they walk along. The woman's
text: husband offers them a flask of whiskey.
speaker_heading: IRISHMAN
dialog: This'll take the chill off.
text: Rose takes a mighty belt and hands it to Jack. He grins and follows suit.
text: Jack tries a number of DOORS and IRON GATES along the way, finding them all
dialog: locked.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 197 EXT. BOAT DECK
text: ON THE BOAT DECK, the action has moved to the aft group of boats, numbers
text: 9, 11, 13 and 15 on the starboard side, and 10, 12, 14 and 16 on the port
text: side. The pace of work is more frantic. You see crew and officers running
text: now to work the davits, their previous complacency gone.
text: CAL pushes through the crowd, scanning for Rose. Around him is chaos and
text: confusion. A woman is calling for a child who has become seperated from the
text: crowd. A man is shouting over people's heads. A woman takes hold of Second
text: Officer Lightoller's arm as he is about to launch Boat 10.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Will you hold the boat a moment? I have to run back to my room for
dialog: something--
text: Lightoller grabs her and shoves her bodily into the boat. Thomas Andrews
text: rushes up to him just then.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Why are the boats being launched half full?!
text: Lightoller steps past him, helping a seaman clear a snarled fall.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Not now, Mr. Andrews.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: (pointing down at the water)
dialog: There, look... twenty or so in a boat built for sixty five. And I saw one
dialog: boat with only twelve. Twelve!
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Well... we were not sure of the weight--
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Rubbish! They were tested in Belfast with the weight of 70 men. Now fill
dialog: these boats, Mr. Lightoller. For God's sake, man!
text: The shot HANDS OFF to Cal, who sees Lovejoy hurrying toward him through the
text: aisle connecting the port and starboard sides of the boat deck.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
text: She's not on the starboard side either.
speaker_heading: CAL
text: We're running out of time. And this strutting martinet...
dialog: (indicating Lightoller)
dialog: ...isn't letting any men in at all.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
text: The one on the other side is letting men in.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Then that's our play. But we're still going to need some insurance.
dialog: (he starts off forward)
dialog: Come on.
text: Cal charges off, heading forward, followed by Lovejoy. The SHOT HANDS OFF
text: to a finely dressed elderly couple, IDA and ISADOR STRAUSS.
speaker_heading: ISADOR
dialog: Please, Ida, get into the boat.
speaker_heading: IDA
dialog: No. We've been together for forty years, and where
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: IDA (CONT'D)
dialog: you go, I go. Don't argue with me, Isador, you know it does no good.
text: He looks at her with sadness and great love. They embrace gently.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Lower away!!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 198 EXT. BRIDGE / FORWARD WELL DECK / FOC'SLE
text: AT THE BOW... the place where Jack and Rose first kissed... the bow railing
text: goes under water water. Water swirls around the captsans and windlasses on
dialog: the foc'sle deck.
text: Smith strides to the bridge rail and looks down at the well deck. Water is
text: shipped over the sides and the well deck is awash. Two men run across the
text: deck, their feet sending up spray. Behind Smith, Boxhall fires another
dialog: rocket. WHOOSH!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 199 OMITTED
speaker_heading: 200 OMITTED
scene_heading: 201 INT. E-DECK CORRIDORS AND STAIRWELL
text: Fabrizio, standing with Helga Dahl and her family, hears Jack's voice.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Fabrizio! Fabri!
text: Fabrizio turns and sees Jack and Rose pushing through the crowd. He and
text: Jack hug like brothers.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
text: The boats are all going.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We gotta get up there or we're gonna be gargling saltwater. Where's Tommy?
text: Fabrizio points over the heads of the solidly packed crowd to the
dialog: stairwell.
text: Tommy has his hands on the bars of the steel gate which blocks the head of
text: the stairwell. The crew open the gate a foot or so and a few women are
text: squeezing through.
speaker_heading: STEWARD #2
dialog: Women only. No men. No men!!
text: But some terrified men, not understanding English, try to rush through the
text: gap, forcing the gate open. The crewmen and stewards push them back,
text: shoving and punching them.
speaker_heading: STEWARD #2
dialog: Get back! Get back you lot!
dialog: (to the crewmen)
dialog: Lock it!!
text: They struggle to get the gate closed again, while Steward #2 brandishes a
text: small revolver. Another holds a fire axe. They lock the gate, and a cry
text: goes up among the crowd, who surge forward, pounding against the steel and
text: shouting in several languages.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: For the love of God, man, there are children down here! Let us up, so we
dialog: can have a chance!
text: But the crewmen are scared now. They have let the situation get out of
text: hand, and now they have a mob. Tommy gives up and pushes his way back
text: through the crowd, going down the stairs. He rejoins Jack, Rose and
dialog: Fabrizio.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: It's hopeless that way.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, whatever we're goin' to do, we better do it fast.
text: Fabrizio turns to Helga, praying he can make himself understood.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: (with a lot of hand gestures)
dialog: Everyone... all of you... come with me now. We go to the boats. We go to
dialog: the boats. Capito? Come now!
text: They can't understand what he's saying. They can see his urgency, but OLUF
text: DAHL, the patriarch of the family, shakes his head. He will not panic, and
text: will not let his family go with this boy. Fabrizio turns to Helga.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: Helga... per favore... please... come with me, I am lucky. Is my destiny to
dialog: go to America.
text: She kisses him, then steps back to be with her family. Jack lays a hand on
text: his shoulder, his eyes saying "Let's go".
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: I will never forget you.
text: He turns to Jack, who leads the way out of the crowd. Looking back Fabrizio
text: sees her face disappear into the crowd.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 202 OMITTED
speaker_heading: 203 OMITTED
scene_heading: 204 INT. CAL AND ROSE'S SUITE
text: CLUNK! Cal opens his safe and reaches inside. As Lovejoy watches, he pulls
text: out two stacks of bills, still banded by bank wrappers. Then he takes out
text: "Heart of the Ocean", putting it in the pocket of his overcoat, and locks
dialog: the safe.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (holding up stacks of bills)
dialog: I make my own luck.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
dialog: (putting the .45 in his waistband)
dialog: So do I.
text: Cal grins, putting the money in his pocket as they go out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 205 INT. STEERAGE, AFT
text: Jack, Rose, Fabrizio and Tommy are lost, searching for a way out. They push
text: past confused passengers... past a mother changing her baby's diaper on top
text: of an upturned steamer trunk... past a woman arguing heatedly with a man in
text: Serbo-Croatian, a wailing child next to them... past a man kneeling to
text: console a woman who is just sitting on the floor, sobbing... and past
text: another man with an English/Arabic dictionary, trying to figure out what
text: the signs mean, while his wife and children wait patiently.
text: Jack et al come upon a narrow stairwell and they go up two decks before
text: they are stopped by a small group pressed up against a steel gate. The
text: steerage men are yelling at a scared STEWARD.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Go to the main stairwell, with everyone else. It'll all get sorted out
dialog: there.
text: Jack takes one look at this scene and finally just loses it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: God damn it to Hell son of a bitch!!
text: He grabs one end of a bench bolted to the floor on the landing. He starts
text: pulling on it, and Tommy and Fabrizio pitch in until the bolts shear and it
text: breaks free. Rose figures out what they are doing and clears a path up the
text: stairs between the waiting people.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Move aside! Quickly, move aside!
text: Jack and Tommy run up the steps with the bench and RAM IT INTO THE GATE
text: with all their strength. It rips loose from its track and falls outward,
text: narrowly mssing the steward. Led by Jack, the crowd surges though. Rose
text: steps up to the cowering steward and says in her most imperious tone:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: If you have any intention of keeping your pathetic job
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: ROSE (CONT'D)
dialog: with the White Star Line, I suggest you escort these good people to the
dialog: boat deck... now.
text: Class wins out. He nods dumbly motions form them to follow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 206 EXT. BOAT 6 / TITANIC - NIGHT
text: Ruth rows with Molly Brown, two other women and the incompetent sailors.
text: She rests on her oars, exhausted, and looks back at the ship.
text: It slants down into the water, still ablaze with light. Nothing is above
text: water forward of the bridge except for the foremast. Another rocket goes
text: off, lighting up the entire area... there are a dozen boats moving outward
text: from the ship.
text: 207 AT THE BOAT DECK RAIL Captain Smith is shouting to Boat 6 through a
text: large metal megaphone.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Come back! Come back to the ship!
text: CHIEF OFFICER WILDE joins him, blowing his silver whistle.
text: 208 FROM BOAT 6 the whistle comes shrilly across the water. Quartermaster
text: Hitchins grips the rudder in fear.
speaker_heading: HITCHINS
dialog: The suction will pull us right down if we don't keep going.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: We got room for lots more. I say we go back.
speaker_heading: HITCHINS
dialog: No! It's our lives now, not theirs. And I'm in charge of this boat! Now
dialog: row!!
text: 209 CAPTAIN SMITH, at the rail of the boat deck, lowers his megaphone
dialog: slowly
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: The fools.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 210 INT. A-DECK FOYER
text: As Cal and Lovejoy cross the foyer encounter Benjamin Guggenheim and his
text: valet, coth dressed in white tie, tail-coats and top hats.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Ben, what's the occasion?
speaker_heading: GUGGENHEIM
dialog: We have dressed in our best and are prepared to go down like gentlemen.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: That's admirable, Ben.
dialog: (walking on)
dialog: I'll sure and tell your wife... when I get to New York.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 211 INT. FIRST CLASS SMOKING ROOM
text: There are still two cardgames in progress. The room is quiet and civilized.
text: A silver serving cart, holding a large humidor, begins to roll slowly
text: across the room. One of the cardplayers takes a cigar from it as it rolls
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: CARDPLAYER
dialog: It seems we've been dealt a bad hand this time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 212 EXT. / INT. A-DECK PROMENADE
text: Cal and Lovejoy are walking aft with a purposeful stride. They pass CHIEF
text: BAKER JOHGHIN, who is working up a sweat tossing deck chairs over the rail.
text: After they go by, Joughin takes a break and pulls a bottle of scotch from a
text: pocket, opening it. He drains it, and tosses it over the side too, then
text: stands there a little unteadily.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 213 EXT. BOAT DECK AND A-DECK, AFT
text: PANIC IS SETTING IN around the remaining boats aft. The crowd here is now a
text: mix of all three classes. Officers repeatedly warn men back from the boats.
text: The crowd presses in closer.
text: Seamen SCAROTT brandishes the tiller of boat 14 to discourage a close press
text: of men who look ready to rush the boat. Several men break ranks and rush
dialog: forward.
text: Lightoller pulls out his Webley revolver and aims it at them.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Get back! Keep order!
text: The men back down. Fifth Officer Lowe standing in the boat, yells to the
dialog: crew.
speaker_heading: LOWE
dialog: Lower away left and right!
text: Lightoller turns away from the crowd and, out of their sight, breaks his
text: pistol open. Letting out a long breath, he starts to LOAD IT.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 214 EXT. BOAT DECK, STARBOARD SIDE, AFT
text: Cal and Lovejoy arrive in time to see Murdoch lowering his last boat.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: We're too late.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
dialog: There are still some boats forward. Stay with this one... Murdoch. He seems
dialog: to be quite... practical.
text: 215 IN THE WATER BELOW there is another panic. Boat 13, already in the
text: water but still attached to its falls, is pushed aft by the discharge water
text: being pumped out of the ship. It winds up directly under boat 15, which is
text: coming downt he right on top of it.
text: The passengers shout in panic to the crew above to stop lowering. They are
text: ignored. Some men put their hands up, trying futilely to keep the 5 tons of
text: boat 15 from crushing them.
text: Fred Barrett, the stoker, gets out his knife and leaps to the after falls,
text: climbing rudely over people. He cuts the aft falls while another crewman
text: cuts the forward lines. 13 drifts out from beneath 15 just seconds before
text: it touches the water with a slap.
text: Cal, looking down from the rail hears GUNSHOTS--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 216 EXT. BOAT DECK / A-DECK, PORT, AFT
text: Fifth Officer Lowe, in Boat 14 is firing his gun as a warning to a bunch of
text: men threatening to jump into the boat as it passes the open promenade on
dialog: A-Deck.
speaker_heading: LOWE
dialog: Stay back you lot!
speaker_heading: BLAM! BLAM!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 217 EXT. BOAT DECK, STARBOARD, AFT
text: The shots echo away.
speaker_heading: CAL
text: It's starting to fall apart. We don't have much time.
text: Cal sees three dogs run by, including the black French bulldog. Someone has
text: released the pets from the kennels.
text: Cal sees Murdoch turn from the davits of boat 15 and start walking toward
text: the bow. He catches up and falls in beside him.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Mr. Murdoch, I'm a businessman, as you know, and I have a business
dialog: proposition for you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 218 OMITTED
scene_heading: 219 EXT. BOAT DECK, PORT
text: Jack, Rose et al burst out onto the boat deck from the crew stairs just aft
text: of the third funnel. They look at the empty davits.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: The boats are gone!
text: She sees Colonel Gracie chugging forward along the deck, escorting two
dialog: first class ladies.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Colonel! Are there any boats left?
speaker_heading: GRACIE
text: (staring at her bedraggled state)
dialog: Yes, miss... there are still a couple of boats all the way forward. This
dialog: way, I'll lead you!
text: Jack grabs her hand and they sprint past Gracie, with Tommy and Fabrizio
text: close behind.
text: ANGLE ON THE BAND... incredibly they are still playing. Jack, Rose and the
text: others run by.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Music to drown by. Now I know I'm in First Class.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 220 EXT. BOAT DECK, STARBOARD, FORWARD
text: Water pours like a spillway over the forward railing on B-Deck. CAMERA
text: SWEEPS UP past A-Deck to the Boat Deck where Murdoch and his team are
text: loading Collapsible Car the forward-most davits.
dialog: NOTE: There are four so-called collapsibles, or Engelhardts boats,
text: including two which are stored on the roof of the officer's quarters.
text: The crowd is sparse, with most people still aft. Cal slips his hand out of
text: hte pocket of his overcoat and into the waist pocket of Murdoch's
text: greatcoat, leaving the stacks of bills there.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: So we have an understanding then?
speaker_heading: MURDOCH
dialog: (nodding curtly)
dialog: As you've said.
text: Cal, satisfied, steps back. He finds himself waiting next to J. Bruce
text: Ismay. Ismay does not meet his eyes, nor anyone's. Lovejoy come sup to Cal
dialog: at that moment.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
text: I've found her. She's just over on the port side. With him.
speaker_heading: MURDOCH
dialog: Women and children? Any more women and children?
dialog: (glancing at Cal)
dialog: Any one else, then?
text: Cal looks longingly at his boat... his moment has arrived.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: God damn it to hell! Come on.
text: He and Lovejoy head for the port side, taking a short-cut through the
dialog: bridge.
text: Bruce Ismay, seeing his oppurtunity, steps quickly into Collapsible C. He
text: stares straight ahead, not meeting Murdoch's eyes.
speaker_heading: MURDOCH
dialog: (staring at Ismay)
dialog: Take them down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 221 EXT. BOAT DECK / PORT SIDE - NIGHT
text: ON THE PORT SIDE Lightoller is getting people into Boat 2. He keeps his
text: pistol in his hand at this point. Twenty feet below them the sea is pouring
text: into the doors and windows of B deck staterooms. They can hear the roar of
text: water cascading into the ship.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Women and children, please. Women and children only. Step back, sir.
text: Even with Jack's arms wrapped around her, Rose is shivering in the cold.
text: Near her a WOMAN with TWO YOUNG DAUGHTERS looks into the eyes of a HUSBAND
dialog: she knows she may not see again
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: Goodbye for a little while... only for a little while.
dialog: (to his two little girls)
dialog: Go with mummy.
text: The woman stumbles to the boat with the children, hiding her tears from
text: them. Beneath the false good cheer, the man is choked with emotion.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: Hold mummy's hand and be a good girl. That's right.
text: Some of the women are stoic, others are overwhelmed by emotion and have to
text: be helped into the boats. A MAN scribbles a note and hands it to a woman
text: who is about to board.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Please get this to my wife in DeMoines, Iowa.
text: Jack looks at Tommy and Fabrizio.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You better check out the other side.
text: They nod and run off, searching for a way around the deckhouse.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm not going without you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Get in the boat, Rose.
text: Cal walks up just then.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Yes. Get in the boat, Rose.
text: She is shocked to see him. She steps instinctively to Jack. Cal looks at
text: her, standing there shivering in her wet slip and stockings, a shocking
dialog: display in 1912.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: My God, look at you.
dialog: (taking off his boat)
dialog: Here, put this on.
text: She numbly shrugs into it. He is doing it for modesty, not the cold.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Quickly, ladies. Step into the boat. Hurry, please!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Go on. I'll get the next one.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No. Not without you!
text: She doesn't even care that Cal is standing right there. He sees the emotion
text: between Jack and Rose and his jaw clenches. But then he leans close to her
dialog: and says...
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (low)
text: There are boats on the other side that are allowing men in. Jack and I can
dialog: get off safely. Both of us.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (he smiles reassuringly)
dialog: I'll be alright. Hurry up so we can get going... we got our own boat to
dialog: catch.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Get in... hurry up, it's almost full.
text: Lightoller grabs her arm and pulls her toward the boat. She reaches out for
text: Jack and her fingers brush his for a moment. Then she finds herself
text: stepping down into the boat. It's all a rush and blur.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Lower away!
text: The two men watch at the rail as the boat begins to descend.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (low)
dialog: You're a good liar.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Almost as good as you.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: I always win, Jack. One way or another.
text: (looks at him, smiling)
dialog: Pity I didn't keep that drawing. It's going to be worth a lot more by
dialog: morning.
text: Jack knows he is screwed. He looks down at Rose, not wanting to waste a
text: second of his last view of her.
text: 222 ROSE'S PERCEPTION... IN SLOW MOTION: The ropes going through the
text: pulleys as the seamen start to lower. All sound going away... Lightoller
text: giving orders, his lips moving... but Rose hears only the blood pounding in
text: her ears... this cannot be happening... a rocket bursts above in
text: slow-motion, outlining Jack in a halo of light... Rose's hair blowing in
text: slow motion as she gazes up at him, descending away from him... she sees
text: his hand trembling, the tears at the corners of his eyes, and cannot
dialog: believe the unbearable pain she is feeling...
text: Rose is still staring up, tears pouring down her face.
text: SUDDENLY SHE IS MOVING. She lunges across the women next to her. Reaches
text: the gunwale, climbing it...
text: Hurls herself out of the boat to the rail of the A-Deck promenade, catching
text: it, and scrambling over the rail. The Boat 2 continues down. But Rose is
text: back on Titanic.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No Rose! NOOOO!!
text: Jack spins from the rail, running for the nearest way down to A-Deck.
dialog: Hockley too has seen her jump. She is willing to die for this man, this
text: gutter scum. He is overwhelmed by a rage so all consuming it eclipses all
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 223 INT. GRAND STAIRCASE
text: TRACKING WITH JACK as he bangs through the doors to the foyer and sprints
text: down the stairs. He sees her coming into A-deck foyer, running toward him,
text: Cal's long coat flying out behind her as she runs.
text: They meet at the bottom of the stairs, and collide in an embrace.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Rose, Rose, you're so stupid, you're such an idiot--
text: And all the while he's kissing her and holding her as tight as he can.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You jump, I jump, right?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Right.
text: Hockley comes in and runs to the railing. Looking down he sees them locked
text: in their embrace. Lovejoy comes up behind Cal and puts a restraining HAND
text: on him, but Cal whips around, grabbing the pistol from Lovejoy's waistband
text: in one cobra-fast move.
text: He RUNS along the rail and down the stairs. As he reaches the landing above
text: them he raises the gun. SCREAMING in rage, he FIRES.
text: The carved cherub at the foot of the center railing EXPLODES. Jack pulls
text: Rose toward the stairs going down to the next deck. Cal fires again,
text: running down the steps toward them. A bullet blows a divet out of the oak
text: panelling behind Jack's head as he pulls Rose down the next flight of
dialog: stairs.
text: Hockley steps on the skittering head of the cherub statue and goes
text: sprawling. The gun clatters across the marble floor. He gets up, and
text: reeling drunkenly goes over to retrieve it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 224 INT. D-DECK RECEPTION ROOM
text: The bottom of the grand staircase is flooded several feet deep. Jack and
text: Rose come down the stairs two at a time and run straight into the water,
text: fording across the room to where the floor slopes up, until they reach dry
text: footing at the entrance to the dining saloon.
text: STEADICAM WITH HOCKLEY as he reels down the stairs in time to see Jack and
text: Rose splashing through the water toward the dining saloon. He FIRES twice.
text: Big gouts of spray near them, but he's not a great shot.
text: The water boils up around his feet and he retreast up the stairs a couple
text: of steps. Around him the woodward groans and creaks.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (calling to them)
dialog: Enjoy your time together!!
text: Lovejoy arrives next to him. Cal suddenly remembers something and starts to
dialog: laugh.
speaker_heading: LOVEJOY
dialog: What could possible be funny?
speaker_heading: CAL
text: I put the diamond in my coat pocket. And I put my coat... on her.
text: He turns to Lovejoy with a sickly expression, his eyes glittering.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: I give it to you... if you can get it.
text: He hands Lovejoy the pistol and goes back up the stairs. Lovejoy thinks
text: about it... then slogs into the water. The icewater is up to his waist as
text: he crosses the pool into the dining saloon.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 225 INT. DINING SALOON
text: Lovejoy moves among the tables and ornate columns, searching...
text: listening... his eyes tracking rapidly. It is a sea of tables, and they
text: could be anywhere. A silver serving tolley rolls downhill, bumping into
text: tables and pillars.
text: He glances behind him. The water is following him into the room, advancing
text: in a hundred foot wide tide. The reception room is now a roiling lake, and
text: the grand staircase is submerged past the first landing. Monstrous groans
text: echo through the ship.
text: ON JACK AND ROSE, crouched behind a table, somewhere in the middle. They
text: see the water advancing toward them, swirling over the floor. They crawl
text: ahead of it to the next row of tables.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Stay here.
dialog: He moves off as--
text: Lovejoy moves over one row and looks along the tables. Nothing.
text: The ship GROANS and CREAKS. He moves another row.
text: ANGLE ON A METAL CART... five feet tall and full of stacks of china dishes.
text: It starts to roll down the aisle between tables.
text: ON ROSE as the cart rolls toward her. It hits a table and the stacks of
text: dishes topple out, EXPLODING across the floor and showering her.
text: She scrambles out of the way and--
text: Lovejoy spins, seeing her. He moves rapidly toward her, keeping the gun
dialog: aimed--
text: That's when Jack tackles him from the side. They slam together into a
text: table, crashing over it, and toppling to the floor. They land in the water
text: which is flowing rapidly between the tables.
text: Jack and Lovejoy grapple in the icy water. Jack jams his knee down on
text: Lovejoy's hand, breaking his grip on the pistol, and kicks it away. Lovejoy
text: scrmbles up and lunges at him, but Jack GUTPUCHES him right in the solar
text: plexus, doubling him over.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Compliments of the Chippewa Falls Dawsons.
text: He grabs Lovejoy and slams him into an ornate columb. Lovejoy drops to the
text: floor with a splas, stunned.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Let's go.
text: Jack and Rose run aft... uphill... entering the galley. Behind them the
text: tables have become islands in a lake... and the far end of the room is
text: flooded up to the ceiling.
text: Lovejoy gets up and looks around for his gun. He pulls it up out of the
text: water and wades after them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 226 INT. GALLEY / STAIRWELL
text: They run throught the galley and Rose spots the stairs. She starts up and
text: Jack grabs her hand. He leads her DOWN.
text: They crouch together on the landing as Lovejoy runs to the stairs. Assuming
text: they have gone up (who wouldn't?) he clombs up them two at a time.
text: They wait for the footstep to recede. A long CREAKING GROAN. Then they hear
text: it... a CRYING CHILD. Below them. They go down a frew steps to looks along
text: the next deck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 227 INT. E-DECK CORRIDORS
text: The corridor is awash, about a foot deep. Standing against the wall, about
text: 50 feet away, is a little BOY, aobut 3. The water swirls around his legs
text: and he is wailing.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We can't leave him.
text: Jack nods and they leave the promise of escape up the stairwell to run to
text: the child. Jack scoops up the kid and they run back to the stairs but--
text: A torrent of water comes pouring down the stairs like rapids. In seconds it
dialog: is too powerful for them to go against.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come on.
text: Charging the other way down the flooding corridor, they blast up spray with
text: each footstep. At the end of the hall are heavy double doors. As Jack
text: approaches them he sees water spraying through the gap between the doors
text: right up to the ceiling. The doors groan and start to crack under the tons
dialog: of pressure.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Back! Go back!!
text: Rose pivots and runs back the way they came, taking a turn into a
text: cross-corridor. A MAN is coming the other way. He sees the boy in Jack's
text: arms and cries out, grabbing him away from Jack. Starts cursing him in
text: Russian. He runs on with the boy--
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No! Not that way! Come back!
text: 228 DOUBLE DOORS BLAST OPEN. A wall of water thunders into the corridor.
text: The father and child DISAPPEAR instantly.
text: Jack and Rose run as a wave blasts around the corner, foaming from floor to
text: ceiling. It gains on them like a locomotive. They make it to a stairway
dialog: going up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 229 INT. STAIRWELL
text: Jack and Rose pound up the steps as white water swirls up behind them. PULL
text: BACK to reveal that a steel gate blocks the top of the stairs. Jack SLAMS
text: against the fate, gripping the bars.
text: A terrified steward standing guard on the landing above turns to run at the
text: sight of the water thundering up the stairs.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Wait! Wait! Help us! Unlock the gate.
text: The steward runs on. The water wells up around Jack and Rose, pouring
text: through the gate and slamming them against it. In seconds it is up to their
dialog: waist.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Help us! Please!
text: The steward stops and looks back. He sees Jack and Rose at the gate, their
text: arms raching through... sees the water POURING through the gate onto the
dialog: landing.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Fucking 'ell!
text: He runs back, slogging against the curretn. He pulls a key ring from his
text: belt and struggles to unlock the padlock as the water fountains up around
dialog: them.
text: The lights short out and the landing is plunged into darkness.
text: The water rises over the lock and he's doing it by feel.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come on! Come on!
text: Jack and Rose are right up against the ceiling...
text: Suddenly the gate gives and SWINGS OPEN. They are pushing through by the
text: force of the water. They make it to stairs on the other side of the landing
text: and follow the steward up to the next deck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 230 EXT. BOAT DECK, STARBOARD SIDE
text: Cal comes reeling out of the first class entrance, looking wild-eyed. The
text: lurches down the deck toward the bridge. Waltz music wafts over the ship.
text: Somewhere the band is still playing.
text: CAL'S POV: A little girl, maybe two years old, is crying along in the
text: alcove. She looks up at Cal beseechingly. Cal moves on without a glance
text: back... reaching a large crowd clustered around COLLAPSIBLE A just aft of
text: the bridge. He sees Murdoch and a number of crewmen struggling to drag the
text: boat to the davits, with no luck.
text: Cal pushes forward, trying to signal Murdoch, but the officer ignores him.
text: Nearby Tommy and Fabrizio are being pushed forward by the crowd behind.
text: PURSER MCELROY pushes them back, getting a couple of seamen to help him. He
text: brandishes his gun, waving it in the air, yelling for the crowd to stay
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 231 EXT. BOAT DECK, PORT SIDE / ROOF OF OFFICERS' QUARTERS
text: Lightoller, with a group of crew and passengers, is trying to get
text: Collapsible B down from the roof. They slide it down a pair of oars leaned
text: against the deck house.
speaker_heading: LIGHTOLLER
dialog: Hold it! Hold it!
text: The weight of the boat snaps the oars and it crashes to the deck, upside
text: down. The two Swedish cousins, OLAUS and BJORN GUNERSEN, jump back as the
text: boat nearly hits them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 232 OMITTED
scene_heading: 233 INT. STAIRWELL
text: Jack and Rose run up seemingly endless stairs as the ship groans and
text: torgues around them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 234 EXT. BOAT DECK, STARBOARD SIDE
text: Murdoch, at Collapsible A, is no longer in control. The crowd is
text: threatening to rush the boat. They push and jostle, yelling and shouting at
text: the officers. The pressure from behind pushes them forward, and one guy
text: falls off the edge of the deck into the water less than ten feet below.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Give us a chance to live, you limey bastards!
text: Murdoch fires his Webley twice in the air, then point it at the crowd.
speaker_heading: MURDOCH
dialog: I'll shoot any man who tries to get past me.
text: Cal steps up to him.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: We had a deal, damn you.
text: Murdoch pushes him back, pointing the pistol at Cal.
speaker_heading: MURDOCH
dialog: Get back!
text: A man next to Tommy rushes forward, and Tommy is shoved from behind.
text: Murdoch SHOOTS the first man, and seeing Tommy coming forward, puts a
text: bullet into his chest.
text: Tommy collapses, and Fabrizio grabs him, holding him in his arms as his
text: life flows out over the deck.
text: Murdoch turns to his men and salutes smartly. Then he puts the pistol to
text: his temple and... BLAM! He drops like a puppet with the strings cut and
text: topples over the edge of the boat deck into the water only a few feet
dialog: below.
text: Cal stares in horror at Murdoch's body bobbing in the black water. The
text: MONEY FLOATS out of the pocket of his greatcoat, the bills spreading across
dialog: the surface.
text: The crew rush to get the last few women aboart the boat.
speaker_heading: PURSER MCELROY
dialog: (calling above the confusion)
dialog: Any more women or children?!
text: THE CHILD crying in the alcove. Cal scoops her up and runs forward,
text: cradling her in his arms.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (forcing his way through the crowd)
dialog: Here's a child! I've got a child!
speaker_heading: CAL (CONT'D)
dialog: (to McElroy)
dialog: Please... I'm all she has in the world.
text: McElroy nods curtly and pushes him into the boat. He spins with his gun,
text: brandishing it in the air to keep the other men back. Cal gets into the
text: boat, holding the little girl. He takes a seat with the women.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: There, there.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 235 INT. FIRST CLASS SMOKE ROOM
text: Thomas Andrews stands in front of the fireplace, staring at the large
text: painting above the mantle. The fire is still going in the fireplace.
text: The room is empty except for Andrews. An ashtray falls off the table.
text: Behind him Jack and Rose run into the room, out of breath and soaked. They
text: run through, toward the aft revolving door... then Rose recognizes him. She
text: sees that his lifebelt is off, lying on a table.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Won't you even make a try for it, Mr. Andrews?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
text: (a tear rolls down his cheek)
dialog: I'm sorry that I didn't build you a stronger ship, young Rose.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (to her)
dialog: It's going fast... we've got to keep moving.
text: Andrews picks up his lifebelt and hands it to her.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Good luck to you, Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (hugging him)
dialog: And to you, Mr. Andrews.
text: Jack pulls her away and they run through the revolving door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 236 EXT. BOAT DECK AND VARIOUS LOCATIONS
text: The band finishes the waltz. Wallace Hartley looks at the orchestra
dialog: members.
speaker_heading: HARTLEY
dialog: Right, that's it then.
text: They leave him, walking forward along the deck. Hartley puts his violin to
text: his chin and bows the first notes of "Nearer My God to Thee". One by one
text: the band memebers turn, hearing the lonely melody.
text: Without a word they walk back and take their places. They join in with
text: Hartley, filling out the sound so that it reaches all over the ship on this
text: still night. The vocalist begins: "If in my dreams I be, nearer my God to
dialog: thee..."
text: THE HYMN PLAYS OVER THE FOLLOWING SEQUENCE:
text: 237 A seaman pulls off his lifebelt and catches up to Captain Smith as he
text: walks to the bridge. He proffers it, but Smith seems to stare through him.
text: Without a word he turns and goes onto the bridge. He enters the enclosed
text: WHEELHOUSE and closes the door. He is alone, surrounded by the gleaming
text: brass instruments. He seems to inwardly collapse.
text: 238 IN THE FIRST CLASS SMOKING ROOM Andrews stands like a statue. He pulls
text: out his pocketwatch and checks the time. Then he opens the face of the
text: mantle clock and adjusts it to the correct time: 2:12 a.m. Everything must
dialog: be correct.
text: 239 IN CAL'S PARLOUR SUITE water swirls in from the private promenade deck.
text: Rose's paintings are submerged. The Picasso tranforms under the water's
text: surface. Degas' colors run. Monet's water lilies come to life.
text: 240 DOWNANGLE on the two figures lying side by side, fully clothed, on a
text: bed in a FIRST CLASS CABIN. Elderly Ida and Isador Strauss stare at the
text: ceiling, holding hands like young lovers. Water pours into the room through
text: a doorway. It swirls around the bed, two feet deep rising fast.
text: 241 IN A STEERAGE CABIN somewhere in the bowels of the ship, the young
text: IRISH MOTHER, seen earlier stoically waiting at the stairs, is tucking her
text: two young children into bed. She pulls up the covers, making sure they are
text: all warm and cozy. She lies down with them on the bed, speaking soothingly
text: and holding them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT DECK / BRIDGE
text: 242 IN A WIDE SHOT we see a wave travel up the boat deck as the bridge
text: house sinks into the water.
text: 243 ON THE PORT SIDE Collapsible B is picked up by water. Working
text: frantically, the men try to detach it from the falls so the ship won't drag
text: it under. Colonel Gracie hands Lightoller a pocket knife and he saws
text: furiously at the ropes as the water swirls around his legs. The boat, still
text: upside down, is swept off the ship. Men start diving in, swimming to stay
dialog: with it.
text: 244 IN COLLAPSIBLE A Cal sits next to the wailing child, whom he has
text: completely forgotten. He watches the water rising around the men as they
text: work, scrambling to get the ropes cut so the ship won't drag the
text: collapsible under.
text: Fabrizio removes the lifebelt from Tommy's body and struggles to put it on
text: as the water rises around him.
text: 245 CAPTAIN SMITH, standing near the wheel, watches the black water
text: climbing the windows of the enclosed wheelhouse. He has the stricken
text: expression of a damned sould on Judgment Day. The windows burst suddenly
text: and a wall of water edged with shards of glass slams into Smith. He
text: disappears in a vortex of foam.
text: 246 Collapsible A is hit by a wave as the bow plunges suddenly. It
text: partially swamps the boat, washing it along the deck. Over a hundred
text: passengers are plunged into the freezing water and the area around the boat
text: becomes a frenzy of splashing, screaming people.
text: As men are trying to climb into the callapsible, Cal grabs an oar and
text: pushes them back into the water.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Get back! You'll swamp us!
text: Fabrizio, swimming for his life, gets swirled under a davit. The ropes and
text: pulleys tangle around him as the davit goes under the water, and he is
text: dragged down. Underwater he struggles to free himself, and then kicks back
text: to the surface. He surfaces, gasping for air in the freezing water.
text: 247 WALLACE HARTLEY sees the water rolling rapidly up the deck toward them.
text: He holds the last note of the hymn in a sustain, and then lowers his
dialog: violin.
speaker_heading: HARTLEY
dialog: Gentlemen, it has been a previlege playing with you tonight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 248 EXT. A-DECK AFT, PORT SIDE
text: Jack and Rose run out of the PALM COURT into a dense crowd. Jack pushes his
text: way to the rail and looks at the state of the ship. The bridge is under
text: water and tehre is chaos on deck. Jack helps her put her lifebelt on.
text: People stream around them, shouting and pushing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay... we keep moving aft. We have to stay on the ship as long as
dialog: possible.
text: They push their way aft through the panicking crowd.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 249 EXT. FORWARD FUNNEL
text: Collapsible A is whirled like a leaf in the currents around the sining
text: ship. It slams against the side of the forward funnel.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (to the crew in the boat)
dialog: Row! Row you bastards!!
text: 250 NEARBY: Fabrizio is drawn up against the grating of a STOKEHOLD VENT as
text: water pours through it. The force of tons of water roaring down the ship
text: traps him against it, and he is dragged down under the surface as the ship
text: sinks. He struggles to free himself but cannot.
text: Suddenly there is a concussion deep in the bowels of the ship as a furnace
text: explodes and a blast of hot air belches out of hte ventilator, ejecting
text: Fabrizio. He surfaces in a roar of foam and keeps swimming.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 251 EXT. A-DECK / B-DECK / WELL DECK, AFT
text: Jack and Rose clamber over the A-Deck aft rail. Then, using all his
text: strength, he lowers her toward the deck below, holding on with one hand.
text: She dangles, then falls. Jack jumps down behind her.
text: They join a crush of people literally clawing and scrambling over each
text: other to get down the narrow stairs to the well deck... the only way aft.
text: Seeing that the stairs are impossible, Jack climbs over the B-Deck railing
text: and helps Rose over. He lowers her again, and she falls in a heap. Baker
text: Joughin, now three sheets to the wind, happens to be next to her. He hauls
text: Rose to her feet. Jack drops down and the three of them push through the
text: crowd across the well deck. Near them, at the rail, people are jumping into
dialog: the water.
text: The ship GROANS and SHUDDERS. The man ahead of Jack is walking like a
dialog: zombie.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Yeah, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death--
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You wanna walk a little faster through that valley, fella?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 252 EXT. FORWARD FUNNEL
text: The stay cables along the top of the funnel snap, and they lash like steel
text: whips down into the water. Cal watches as the funnel topples from its
text: mounts. Falling like a temple pillar twenty eight feet across it whomps
text: into the water with a tremendous splash. People swimming underneath it
text: disappear in an instant.
text: Fabrizio, a few feet away, is hurled back by a huge wave. He comes up,
text: gasping... still swimming. The water pouring into the open end of the
text: funnel draws in several swimmers. The funnel sinks, disappearing, but--
text: Hundreds of tons of water pour down through the 30 foot hole where the
text: funnel stood, thundering down into the belly of the ship. A whirlpool
text: forms, a hole in the ocean, like at enormous toiler-flush. T. W. McCauley,
text: the gym instructor swims in a frenzy as the vortex draws him in. He is
text: sucked down like a spider going down a drain.
text: Fabrizio, nearby, swims like Hell as more people are sucked down behind
text: him. He manages to get clear. He's going to live no matter what it takes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 253 INT. BOAT DECK FOYER / GRAND STAIRCASE
text: Water raors through the doors and windows, cascading down the stairs like a
text: rapids. John Jacob Astor is swept down the marble steps to A-Deck, which is
text: already flooded... a roiling vortex. He grabs the headless cherub at the
text: bottom of the staircase and wraps his arms around it.
text: Astor looks up in time to see the 30 foot glass dome overhead EXPLOSE
text: INWARD with the wave of water washing over it. A Niagara of sea water
text: thunders down into the room, blasting through the first class opulence. IT
dialog: is the Armageddon of elegance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 254 OMITTED
scene_heading: 255 INT. BELOWDECKS
text: The flooding is horrific. Walls and doors are splintered like kindling.
text: Water roars down corridors with pile-driver force.
text: The CARTMELL FAMILY is at the top of a stairwell, jammed against a locked
text: gate like Jack and Rose were. Water boils up the stairwell behind them.
text: Bert Cartmell shakes the gate futilely, shouting for help. Little Cora
text: wails as the water boils up around them all.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 256 EXT. STERN
text: Rose and Jack struggle to climb the well deck stairs as the ship tilts.
text: Drunk Baker Joughin puts a hand squarely on Rose's butt and shoves her up
text: onto the deck.
speaker_heading: JOUGHIN
dialog: Sorry, miss!
text: Hundreds of people are already on the poop deck, and more are pouring up
text: every second. Jack and Rose cling together as tehy struggle across the
text: tilting deck.
text: 257 As the bow goes down, the STERN RISES. IN BOAT 2, which is just off the
text: stern, passengers gape as the giant bronze propellers rise out of the water
text: like gods of the deep, FILLING FRAME behind them.
text: People are JUMPING from the well deck, the poop deck, the gangway doors.
text: Some hit debris in the water and are hurt or killed.
speaker_heading: 258 OMITTED
speaker_heading: 259 OMITTED
scene_heading: 260 EXT. STERN
text: ON THE POOP DECK Jack and Rose struggle aft as the angle increases.
text: Hundreds of passengers, clinging to every fixed object on deck, huddle on
text: their knees around FATHER BYLES, who has his voice raised in prayer. They
text: are praying, sobbing, or just staring at nothing, their minds blank with
dialog: dread.
text: Pulling himself from handhold to handhold, Jack tugs Rose aft along the
dialog: deck.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come on, Rose. We can't expect God to do all the work for us.
text: They struggle on, pushing through the praying people. A MAN loses his
text: footing ahead and slides toward them. Jack helps him.
text: 261 THE PROPELLERS are twenty feet above the water and rising faster.
text: 262 JACK AND ROSE make it to the stern rail, right at the base of the
text: flagpole. They grip the rai, jammed in between other people. It is the spot
text: where Jack pulled her back onto the ship, just two night... and a
dialog: liftime... ago.
text: Above the wailing and sobbing, Father Byles' voice carries, cracking with
dialog: emotion.
speaker_heading: FATHER BYLES
dialog: ...and I saw new heavens and a new earth. The former heavens and the former
text: earth had passed away and the sea was no longer.
text: The lights flicker, threatening to go out. Rose grips Jack as the stern
text: rises into a night sky ablaze with stars.
speaker_heading: FATHER BYLES
dialog: I also saw a new Jerusalem, the holy city coming down out of heaven from
text: God, beautiful as a bride prepared to meet her husband. I heard a loud
dialog: voice from the throne ring out this is God's dwelling among men. He shall
dialog: dwell with them and they shall be his people and He shall be their God who
text: is alway with them.
text: Rose stares about her at the faces of the doomed. Near them are the DAHL
text: FAMILY, clinging together stoically. Helga looks at her briefly, and her
text: eyes are infinitely sad.
text: Rose sees a young mother next to her, clutching her five year old son, who
text: is crying in terror.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Shhh. Don't cry. It'll be over soon, darling. It'll all be over soon.
speaker_heading: FATHER BYLES
dialog: He shall wipe every tear from their eyes. And there shall be no more death
text: or mourning, crying out or pain, for the former world has passed away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHIP-- VARIOUS
text: As the ship tilts further everything not bolted down inside shifts.
text: 263 CUPBOARDS burst open in the pantry showering the floor with tons of
text: china. A PIANO slides across the floor, crashing into a wall. FURNITURE
text: tumbles across the Smoking Room floor.
text: 264 ON THE A-DECK PROMENADE passengers lose their grip and slide down the
text: wooden deck like a bobsled run, hundreds of feet before they hit the water.
text: TRUDY BOLT, Rose's maid, slips as she struggles along the railing and
text: slides away screaming.
text: 265 AT THE STERN the propellers are 100 feet out of the water and rising.
text: Panicking people leap from the poop deck rail, fall screaming and hit the
text: water like mortar rounds. A man falls from the poop deck, hitting the
text: bronze hub of the starboard propeller with a sickening smack.
text: 266 SWIMMERS LOOK UP and see the stern towering over them like a monolith,
text: the propellers rising against the stars. 110 feet. 120.
text: 267 AT THE STERN RAIL a man jumps. IN HIS POV we fall seemingly forever,
text: right past one of the giant screws. The water rushes up--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TITANIC / BOAT 6
text: 268 TRACKING SLOWLY IN on Ruth as the sounds of the dying ship and the
text: screaming people come across the water.
text: 269 REVERSE / HER POV: IN A WIDE SHOT we see the spectacle of the Titanic,
text: her lights blazing, reflecting in the still water. Its stern is high in the
text: air, angles up over forty five degrees. The propellers are 150 feet out of
text: the water. Over a thousand passengers cling to the decks, looking from a
text: distance like a swarm of bees.
text: The image is shocking, unbelieveable, unthinkable. Ruth stares at the
text: spectacle, unable to frame it or put it into any proportion.
speaker_heading: MOLLY BROWN
dialog: God Almighty.
text: The great liner's lights flicker.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 270 INT. ENGINE ROOM
text: In darkness Chief Engineer Bell hangs onto a pipe at the master braker
text: panel. Around him men climb through tilted cyclopean mahcines with electric
text: hand-torches. It is a black hell of breaking pipes, spraying water, and
text: groaning machinery threatening to tear right out of its bedplates.
text: Water sprays down, hitting the breaker panel, but Bell will not leave his
text: post. CLUNK. The breakers kick. He slams them in again and-- WHOOM! a blast
text: of light! Something melts and arcing fills the engine room with nightmarish
dialog: light--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 271 EXT. TITANIC
text: WIDE SHOT. The lights go out all over the ship. Titanic becomes a vast
text: black silhouette against the stars.
text: IN COLLAPSIBLE C: BRUCE ISMAY has his back to the ship, unable to watch the
text: great steamer die. He is catatonic with remorse, his mind overloaded. He
text: can avert his eyes, but he can't block out the sounds of dying people and
dialog: machinery.
text: A loud CRACKING REPORT comes across the water.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 272 EXT. BOAT DECK
text: Near the third funnel a man clutches the ship's rail. He stares down as the
text: DECK SPLITS right between his feet. A yawning chasm opens with a THUNDER of
dialog: breaking steel
text: LOVEJOY is clutching the railing on the roof of the Officers' Mess. He
text: watches in horror as the ship's structure RIPS APART right in front of him.
text: He gapes down into a widening maw, seeing straight down into the bowels of
text: the ship, amid a BOOMING CONCUSSION like the sound of artillery. People
text: falling into the widening crevasse look like dolls.
text: The stay cables on the funnel part and snap across the decks like whips,
text: ripping off davits and ventilators. A man is hit by a whipping cable and
text: snatched OUT OF FRAME. Another cable smashes the rail next to Lovejoy and
text: it rips free. He falls backward into the pit of jagged metal.
text: Fires, explosions and sparks light the yawning chasm as the hull splits
text: down through nine decks to the keel. The sea pours into the gaping wound--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 273 INT. ENGINE ROOM
text: It is a thundering black hell. Men scream as monstrous machinery comes
text: apart around them, steel frames twisting like taffy. Their torches
text: illuminate the roaring, foaming demon of water as it races at the through
text: the manchines. Trying to climb they are overtaken in seconds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 274 EXT. TITANIC - NIGHT
text: The STERN ALF of the ship, almost four hundred feet long, falls back toward
text: the water. On the poop deck everyone screams as they feel themselves
text: plummeting. The sound goes up like the roar of fans at a baseball stadium
dialog: when a run is scored.
text: Swimming in the water directly under the stern a few unfortunates shriek as
text: they see the keel coming down on them like God's bootheel. The massive
text: stern section falls back almost level, thundering down into the sea and
text: pushing out a mighty wave of displaced water.
text: Jack and Rose struggle to hole onto the stern rail. They feel the ship
text: seemingly RIGHT ITSELF. Some of those praying think it is salvation.
speaker_heading: SEVERAL PEOPLE
dialog: We're saved!
text: Jack looks at Rose and shakes his head, grimly.
text: Now the horrible mechanics play out. Pulled down by the awesome weight of
text: the flooded bow, the buoyant stern tilts up rapidly. They feel the RUSH OF
text: ASCENT as the fantail angles up again. Everyone is clinging to benches,
text: railings, ventilators... anything to keep from sliding as the stern lifts.
text: The stern goes up and up, past 45 degrees, then past sixty.
text: People start to fall, sliding and tumbling. They skid down the deck,
text: screaming and flailing to grab onto somehting. They wrench other people
text: loose and pull them down as well. There is a pile-up of bodies at the
text: forward rail. The DAHL FAMILY falls one by one.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We have to move!
text: He climbs over the stern rail and reaches back for Rose. She is terrified
text: to move. He grabs her hand.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come on! I've got you!
text: Jack pulls her over the rail. It is the same place he pulled her over the
text: rail two nights earlier, going the other direction. She gets over just as
text: the railing is going HORIZONTAL, and the deck VERITCAL. Jack grips her
dialog: fiercely.
text: The stern is now straight up in the air... a rumbling black monolith
text: standing against the stars. It hangs there like that for a long grace note,
text: its buoyancy stable.
text: Rose lies on the railing, looking down fifteen stories to the boiling sea
text: at the base of the stern section. People near them, who didn't climb over,
text: hang from the railing, their legs dangling over the long drop. They fall
text: one by one, plummeting down the vertical face of the poop deck. Some of
text: them bounce horribly off deck benches and ventilators.
text: Jack and Rose lie side by side on what was the vertical face of the hull,
text: gripping the railing, which is now horizontal. Just beneath their feet are
text: the gold letters TITANIC emblazoned across the stern.
text: Rose stares down terrified at the black ocean waiting below to claim them.
text: Jack looks to his left and sees Baker Joughin, crouching on the hull,
text: holding onto the railing. It is a surreal moment.
speaker_heading: JOUGHIN
dialog: (nodding a greeting)
dialog: Helluva night.
text: The final relentless plunge begins as the stern section floods. Looking
text: down a hundred feet to the water, we drop like an elevator with Jack and
dialog: Rose.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (talking fast)
dialog: Take a deep breath and hold it right before we go into the water. The ship
dialog: will suck us down. Kick for the surface and keep kicking. Don't let go of
dialog: my hand. We're gonna make it Rose. Trust me.
text: She stares at the water coming up at them, and grips his hand harder.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I trust you.
text: Below them the poop deck is disappearing. The plunge gathers speed... the
text: boiling surface engulfs the docking bridge and then rushes up the last
text: thirty feet.
text: 278 IN A HIGH SHOT, we see the stern descend into the boiling sea. The name
text: TITANIC disappears, and the tiny figures of Jack and Rose vanish under the
dialog: water.
text: Where the ship stood, now there is nothing. Only the black ocean.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 279 EXT. OCEAN / UNDERWATER AND SURFACE
text: Bodies are whirled and spun, some limp as dolls, others struggling
text: spasmodically, as the vortex sucks them down and tumbles them.
text: 280 Jack rises INTO FRAME F.G. kicking hard for the surface... holding
text: tightly to Rose, pulling her up.
text: 281 AT THE SURFACE: a roiling chaos of screaming, thrashing people. Over a
text: thousand people are now floating where the ship went down. Some are
text: stunned, gasping for breath. Others are crying, praying, moaning,
text: shouting... screaming.
text: Jack and Rose surface among them. They barely have time to gasp for air
text: before people are clawing at them. People driven insane by the water, 4
text: degrees below freezing, a cold so intense it is indistinguishable form
dialog: death by fire.
text: A man pushes Rose under, trying to climb on top of her... senselessly
text: trying to get out of the water, to climb onto anything. Jack PUNCHES him
text: repeatedly, pulling her free.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Swim, Rose! SWIM!
text: She tries, but her strokes are not as effective as his because of her
text: lifejacket. They break out of the clot of people. He has to find some kind
text: of flotation, anything to get her out of the freezing water.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Keep swimming. Keep moving. Come one, you can do it.
text: All about them there is a tremendous wailing, screaming and moaning... a
text: chorus of tormented souls. And beyond that... nothing but black water
text: stretching to the horizon. The sense of isolation and hopelessness is
dialog: overwhelming.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 282 OMITTED
scene_heading: 283 EXT. OCEAN
text: Jack strokes rhythmically, the effort keeping him from freezing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look for something floating. Some debris... wood... anything.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It's so cold.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I know. I know. Help me, here. Look around.
text: His words keep her focused, taking her mind off the wailing around them.
text: Rose scans the water, panting, barely able to draw a breath. She turns
text: and... SCREAMS.
text: A DEVIL is right in from of her face. It is the black FRENCH BULLDOG,
text: swimming right at her like a seamonster in the darkness, its coal eyes
text: bugging. It motors past her, like it is headed for Newfoundland.
text: Beyond it Rose sees somehting in the water.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What's that?
text: Jack sees what she is pointing to, and they make for it together. It is a
text: piece of wooden debris, intricately carved. He pushes her up and she
text: slithers onto it belly down.
text: But when Jack tries to get up onto the thing, it tilts and submerges,
text: almost dumping Rose off. It is clearly only big enough to support her. He
text: clings to it, close to her, keeping his upper body out of the water as best
dialog: he can.
text: Their breath floats around them in a cloud as they pant from exertion. A
text: MAN swims toward them, homing in on the piece of debris. Jack warns him
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's just enough for this lady... you'll push it under.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Let me try at least, or I'll die soon.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You'll die quicker if you come any closer.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Yes, I see. Good luck to you then.
dialog: (swimming off)
dialog: God bless.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 284 EXT. COLLAPSIBLE A / OCEAN
text: The boat is overloaded and half-flooded. Men cling to the sides in the
text: water. Others, swimming, are drawn to it as their only hope. Cal, standing
text: in the boat, slaps his oar in the water as a warning.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Stay back! Keep off!
text: Fabrizio, exhausted and near the limit, makes it almost to the boat. Cal
text: CLUBS HIM with the oar, cutting open his scalp.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: You don't... understand... I have... to get... to America.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (pointing with the oar)
dialog: It's that way!
text: CLOSE ON FABRIZIO as he floats, panting each breath agony. You see the
text: spirit leave him.
text: FABRIZIO'S POV: Cal in SLOW MOTION, yelling and wielding the oar. A demon
text: in a tuxedo. The image fades to black.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 285 EXT. OCEAN
text: JACK AND ROSE still float amid a chorus of hte damned. Jack sees the ship's
text: officer nearby, CHIEF OFFICER WILDE. He is blowing his whistle furiously,
text: knowing the sound will carry over the water for miles.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The boats will come back for us, Rose. Hold on just a little longer. They
dialog: had to row away for the suction and now they'll be coming back.
text: She nods, his words helping her. She is shivering uncontrollably, her lips
text: blue and her teeth chattering.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Thank God for you Jack.
text: People are still screaming, calling to the lifeboats.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Come back! Please! We know you can hear us. For God's sake!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Please... help us. Save one life! SAVE ON LIFE!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 286 EXT. LIFEBOATS / OCEAN
text: IN BOAT 6: Ruth has her ears covered against the wailing in the darkness.
text: The first class women in the boat sit, stunned, listening to the sounds of
text: hundreds screaming.
speaker_heading: HITCHINS
dialog: They'll pull us right down I tell ya!
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Aw knock it off, yer scarin' me. Come on girls, grab your oars. Let's go.
dialog: (nobody moves)
dialog: Well come on!
text: The women won't meet her eyes. They huddle into their ermine wraps.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I don't understand a one of you. What's the matter with you? It's your men
dialog: back there! We got plenty a' room for more.
speaker_heading: HITCHINS
dialog: If you don't shut that hole in yer face, there'll be one less in this boat!
text: Ruth keeps her ears covered and her eyes closed, shutting it all out.
text: 287 IN BOAT ONE: Sir Cosmo and Lucile Duff-Gordon sit with ten other people
text: in a boat that is two thirds empty. They are two hundred yards from the
text: screaming in the darkness.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN HENDRICKSON
dialog: We should do something.
text: Lucile squeezes Cosmo's hand and pleads him with her eyes. She is
dialog: terrified.
speaker_heading: SIR COSMO
dialog: It's out of the question.
text: The crewmembers, intimidated by a nobleman, acquiesce. They hunch guiltily,
text: hoping the sound will stop soon.
text: TWENTY BOATS, most half full, float in the darkness. None of them make a
dialog: move.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 288 EXT. OCEAN
text: Jack and Rose drift under the blazing stars. The water is glassy, with only
text: the faintest undulating swell. Rose can actually see the stars reflecting
text: on the black mirror of the sea.
text: Jack squeezes the water out of her long coat, tucking it in tightly around
text: her legs. He rubs her arms. His face is chalk with in the darkness. A low
text: MOANING in the darknes around them.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: It's getting quiet.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Just a few more minutes. It'll take them a while to get the boats
dialog: organized...
text: Rose is unmoving, just staring into space. She knows the truth. There won't
text: be any boats. Behind Jack she sees that Officer Wilde has stopped moving.
text: He is slumped in his lifejacket, looking almost asleep. He has died of
dialog: exposure already.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't know about you, but I intend to write a strongly worded letter to
dialog: the White Star Line about all this.
text: She laughs weakly, but it sounds like a gasp of fear. Rose finds his eyes
text: in the dim light.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I love you Jack.
text: He takes her hand.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No... don't say your good-byes, Rose. Don't you give up. Don't do it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm so cold.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're going to get out of this... you're going to go on and you're going
dialog: to make babies and watch them grow and you're going to die an old lady,
dialog: warm in your bed. Not here. Not this night. Do you understand me?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I can't feel my body.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Rose, listen to me. Listen. Winning that ticket was the best thing that
dialog: ever happened to me.
text: Jack is having trouble getting the breath to speak.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It brought me to you. And I'm thankful, Rose. I'm thankful.
text: His voice is trembling with the cold which is working tis way to his heart.
text: But his eyes are unwavering.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You must do me this honor... promise me you will survive... that you will
dialog: never give up... no matter what happens... no matter how hopeless...
dialog: promise me now, and never let go of that promise.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I promise.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Never let go.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I promise. I will never let go, Jack. I'll never let go.
text: She grips his hand and they lie with their heads together. It is quiet now,
text: except for the lapping of the water.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 289 EXT. LIFEBOATS / OCEAN - NIGHT
text: Fifth Officer Lowe, the impetuous young Welshman, has gotten Boats 10, 12
text: and Collapsible D together with his own Boat 14. A demon of energy, he's
text: had everyone hold the boats together and is transferring passengers from 14
text: into the others, to empty his boat for a rescue attempt.
text: As the women step gingerly across the other boats, Lowe sees a shawled
text: figure in too much of a hurry. He rips the shawl off, and finds himself
text: staring into the face of a man. He angrily shoves the stowaway into another
text: boat and turns to his crew of three.
speaker_heading: LOWE
dialog: Right, man the oars.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 290 EXT. OCEAN / BOAT 14
text: The beam of an electric torch plays across the water like a searchlight as
text: boat 14 comes toward us.
text: ANGLE FROM THE BOAT as the torch illuminates floating debris, a poignant
text: trail of flotsam: a violin, a child's wooden soldier, a framed photo of a
text: steerage family. Daniel Marvin's wooden Biograph camera.
text: Then, their white lifebelts bobbing in the darkness like signoposts, the
text: first bodies come into the torch's beam. The people are dead but not
text: drowned, killed by the freezing water. Some look like they could be
text: sleeping. Others stare with frozen eyes at the stars.
text: Soon bodies are so thick the seamen cannot row. They hit the oars on the
text: heads of floating men and women... a wooden thunk. One seaman throws up.
text: Lowe sees a mother floating with her arms frozen around her lifeless baby.
speaker_heading: LOWE
dialog: (the worst moment of his life)
dialog: We waited too long.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 291 EXT. OCEAN
text: IN A HOVERING DOWNANGLE we see Jack and Rose floating in the black water.
text: The stars reflect in the mill pond surface, and the two of them seem to be
text: floating in interstellar space. They are absolutely still. Their hands are
text: locked together. Rose is staring upwards at the canopy of stars wheeling
text: above her. The music is transparent, floating... as the long sleep steals
text: over Rose, and she feels peace.
text: CLOSE ON Rose's face. Pale, like the faces of the dead. She seems to be
text: floating in a void. Rose is in a semi-hallucinatory state. She knows she is
text: dying. Her lips barely move as she sings a scrap of Jack's song:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: "Come Josephine in my flying machine..."
text: ROSE'S POV: The stars. Like you've never seen them. The Milky Way a
text: glorious band from horizon to horizon.
text: A SHOOTING STAR flares... a line of light across the heavens.
text: TIGHT ON ROSE again. We see that her hair is dusted with frost crystals.
text: Her breathing is so shallow, she is almost motionless. Her eyes track down
text: from the stars to the water.
text: ROSE'S POV... SLOW MOTION: The silhouetter of a boat crossing the stars.
text: She sees men in it, rowing so slowly the oars lift out of the syrupy water,
text: leaving weightless pearls floating in the air. The VOICES of the men sound
text: slow and DISTORTED.
text: Then the lookout flashes his torch toward her and the light flares across
text: the water, silouetting the bobbing corpses in between. It flicks past her
text: motionless form and moves on. The boat is 50 feet away, and moving past
text: her. The men look away.
text: Rose lifts her head to turn to Jack. We see that her hair has frozen to the
text: wood under her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Jack.
text: She touches his shoulder with her free hand. He doesn't respond. Rose
text: gently turns his face toward her. It is rimed with frost.
text: He seems to be sleeping peacefully.
text: But he is not asleep.
text: Rose can only stare at his still face as the realization goes through her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, Jack.
text: All hope, will and spirit leave her. She looks at the boat. It is further
text: away now, the voices fainter. Rose watches them go.
text: She closes her eyes. She is so weak, and there just seems to be no reason
dialog: to even try.
text: And then... her eyes snap open.
text: She raises her head suddenly, cracking the ice as she rips her hair off the
text: wood. She calls out, but her voice is so weak they don't hear her. The boat
text: is invisible now, the torch light a star impossibly far away. She struggles
text: to draw breath, calling again.
text: 292 IN THE BOAT Lowe hears nothing behind him. He points to something
text: ahead, turning the tiller.
text: 293 ROSE struggles to move. Her hand, she realizes, is actually frozen to
text: Jack's. She breaths on it, melting the ice a little, and gently unclasps
text: their hands, breaking away a thin tinkling film.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I won't let go. I promise.
text: She releases him and he sinks into the black water. He seems to fade out
text: like a spirit returning to some immaterial plane.
text: Rose rolls off the floating staircase and plunges into the icy water. She
text: swims to Chief Officer Wilde's body and grabs his whistle. She starts to
text: BLOW THE WHISTLE with all the strength in her body. Its sound slaps across
text: the still water.
text: 294 IN BOAT 14 Lowe whips around at the sound of the whistle.
speaker_heading: LOWE
dialog: (turning the tiller)
dialog: Row back! That way! Pull!
text: Rose keeps blowing as the boat comes to her. She is still blowing when Lowe
text: takes the whistle from her mouth as they haul her into the boat. She slips
text: into uncosciousness and they scramble to cover her with blankets...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 295 INT. IMAGING SHACK / KELDYSH
text: EXTREME CLOSEUP of Rose's ancient, wrinkled face. Present day.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE
dialog: Fifteen hundred people went into the sea when Titanic sank from under us.
text: There were twenty boats floating nearby and only one came back. One. Six
dialog: were saved from the water, myself included. Six out of fifteen hundred.
text: As she speaks THE CAMERA TRACKS slowly across the faces of Lizzy and the
text: salvage crew on KELDYSH. Lovett, Bodine, Buell, the others... the reality
dialog: of what happened here 84 years before has hit them like never before. With
text: her story Rose has put them on Titanic in its final hours, and or the first
text: time, they do feel like graverobbers.
text: Lovett, for the first time, has even forgotten to ask about the diamond.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE
text: Afterward, the seven hundred people in the boats had nothing to do but
dialog: waith... wait to die, wait to live, wait for an absolution which would
dialog: never come.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 296 EXT. LIFEBOATS / OPEN SEA - PRE-DAWN
text: MATCHING MOVE as the camera tracks along the faces of the saved.
text: DISSOLVE TO: ANOTHER BOAT, and then ANOTHER, seeing faces we know among the
text: survivors: Ismay in a trance, just staring and trembling... Cal, sipping
text: from a hip flask offered to him by a black-faced stoker... Ruth hugging
text: herself, rocking gently.
text: IN BOAT 14: CLOSE ON ROSE, lying swaddled. Only her face is visile, white
text: as the moon. The man next to her jumps up, pointing and yelling. Soon
text: everyone is looking and shouting excitedly. In Rose's POV it is all silent,
scene_heading: SLOW MOTION.
text: IN SLOW-MOTION SILENCE we see Lowe light a green flare and wave it as
text: everyone shouts and cheers. Rose doesn't react. She floats beyond all human
dialog: emotion.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 298 EXT. LIFEBOATS / OPEN SEA - DAWN
text: Golden lgiht washes across the white boats, which gloat in a calm sea
text: reflecting the rosy sky. All around them, like a flotilla of sailing ships,
text: are icebergs. The CARPATHIA sits nearby, as boats row toward her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 299 EXT. LIFEBOATS / OCEAN / CARPATHIA MONTAGE - DAY
text: IMAGES DISSOLVE into one another: a ship's hull looming, with the letters
text: CARPATHIA visible on the bow... Rose watching, rocked by the sea, her face
text: blank... seamen helping survivors up the rope ladder to the Carpathia's
text: gangway doors... two women crying and hugging each other inside the ship...
text: ALL SILENT, ALL IN SLOW-MOTION. There is just music, so gentle and sad,
text: part elegy, part hymn, part aching song of love lost forever.
text: THE IMAGES CONTINUE to music... Rose, outside of time, outside of herself,
text: coming into Carpathia, barely able to stand... Rose being draped wtih warm
text: blankets and given hot tea... BRUCE ISMAY climbing aboard. He has the face
dialog: and eyes of a damned soul.
text: As Ismay walks along the hall, guided by a crewman toward the doctor's
text: cabin, he passes rows of seated and standing widows. He must run the
text: gauntlet of their accusing gazes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 300 EXT. DECK / CARPATHIA - DAY
text: It is the afternoon of the 15th. Cal is searching the faces of the widows
text: lining the deck, looking for Rose. The deck of Carpathia is crammed with
text: huddled people, and even the recovered lifeboats of Titanic. On a hatch
text: cover sits an enormous pile of lifebelts.
text: He keeps walking toward the stern. Seeing Cal's tuxedo, a steward
text: approaches him.
scene_heading: CARPATHIA STEWARD
dialog: You won't find any of your people back here, sir. It's all steerage.
text: Cal ignores him and goes amongst this wrecked group, looking under shawls
text: and blankets at one bleak face after another.
text: Rose is sipping hot tea. Her eyes focus on him as he approaches her. He
text: barely recognizes her. She looks like a refugee, her matted hair hanging in
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, I lived. How awkward for you.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: Rose... your mother and I have been looking for you--
text: She holds up her hand, stopping him.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Please don't. Don't talk. Just listen. We will make a deal, since that is
dialog: something you understand. From this moment you do not exist for me, nor I
dialog: for you. You shall not see me again. And you will not attempt to find me.
dialog: In return I will keep my silence. Your actions last night need never come
dialog: to light, and you will get to keep the honor you have carefully purchased.
text: She fixes him with a glare as cold and hard as the ice which changed their
dialog: lives.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Is this in any way unclear?
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: (after a long beat)
dialog: What do I tell your mother?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Tell her that her daughter died with the Titanic.
text: She stands, turning to the rail. Dismissing him. We see Cal stricken with
dialog: emotion.
speaker_heading: CAL
dialog: You're precious to me, Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Jewels are precious. Goodbye, Mr. Hockley.
text: We see that in his way, the only way he knows, he does truly love her.
text: After a moment, he turns and walks away.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: That was the last time I ever saw him. He married, of course, and inherited
text: his millions. The crash of 28 hit his interests hard, and he put a pistol
text: in his mouth that year. His children fought over the scraps of his estate
dialog: like hyenas, or so I read.
text: 301 ANGLE ON ROSE, at the railing of the Carpathia, 9pm April 18th. She
text: gazes up at the Statue of Liberty, looking just as it does today, welcoming
text: her home with her glowing torch. It is just as Fabrizio saw it, so clearly,
text: in his mind.
text: 302 LATER CARPATHIA DISCORGES THE SURVIVORS at the Cunard pier, Pier 54.
text: Over 30,000 people line the dock and fill the surrounding streets. The
text: magnesium flashes of the photographers go off like small bombs, lighting an
text: amazing tableau.
text: Several hundred police keep the mob back. The dock is packes with friends
dialog: and reletives, officials, ambulances, and the press--
text: Reporters and photographers swarm everywhere... 6 deep at the foot of the
text: gangways, lining the tops of cars and trucks... it is the 1912 equicalent
text: of a media circus. They jostle to get close to the survivors, tugging on
text: them as they pass and shouting over each other to ask them questions.
text: Rose is covered with a whoollen shawl and walking with a group of steerage
text: passengers. Immigration officers are asking them questions as they come off
dialog: the gangway.
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION OFFICER
dialog: Name?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Dawson. Rose Dawson.
text: The officer steers her toward a holding area for processing. Rose walks
text: forward with the dazed immigrants. The BOOM! of photographer's magnesium
text: flashes cause them to flinch, and the glare is blinding. There is a sudden
text: disturbance near her as two men burst through the cordon, running to
text: embrace an older woman along the survivors, who cries out with joy. The
text: reporters converge on this emotional scene, and flashes explode.
text: Rose uses this moment to slip away into the crowd. She pushes through the
text: jostling people, moving with purpose, and none challenges her in the
dialog: confusion.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: Can you exchange one life for another? A caterpillar turns into a
dialog: butterfly. If a mindless insect can do it, why couldn't I? Was it any more
dialog: unimaginable than the sinking of the Titanic?
text: TRACKING WITH HER as she walks away, further and further until she flashes
text: and the roar are far behind her, and shi is till walking, determined.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 303 INT. IMAGING SHACK / KELDYSH
text: Old Rose sits with the group in the Imaging Shack, lit by the blue glow of
text: the screens. She holds the haircomb with the jade butterfly on the handle
text: in her gnarled hands.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: We never found anything on Jack. There's no record of him at all.
speaker_heading: OLD ROSE
dialog: No, there wouldn't be, would there? And I've never spoken of him until now,
dialog: not to anyone.
dialog: (to Lizzy)
dialog: Not even your grandfather. A woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets. But
dialog: now you all know there was a man named Jack Dawson, and that he saved me,
dialog: in every way that a person can be saved.
dialog: (closing her eyes)
text: I don't even have a picture of him. He exists now only in my memory.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 304 OMITTED
scene_heading: 305 EXT. OCEAN FLOOR / TITANIC WRECK
text: The Mir submersibles make their last pass over the ship. We hear Yuri the
dialog: pilot on the UQC:
speaker_heading: YURI
text: Mir One returning to surface.
text: The sub rises off the deck of the wreck, taking its light with it, leaving
text: the Titanic once again it its fine and private darkness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 306 EXT. KELDYSH DECK
text: A desultory wrap party for the expedition is in progress. There is music
text: and some of the (co-ed) Russian crew are dancing. Bodine is getting drunk
text: in the aggressive style of Baker Joughin.
text: Lovett stands at the rail, looking down into the black water. Lizzy comes
text: to him, offering him a beer. She puts her hand on his arm.
speaker_heading: LIZZY
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: We were pissin' in the wind the whole time.
text: Lovett notices a figure move through the lights far down at the stern of
dialog: the ship.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Oh shit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 307 EXT. KELDYSH STERN DECK
text: Rose walks through the shadows of the deck machinery. Her nightgown blows
text: in the wind. Her feet are bare. Her hands are clutched at her chest, almost
text: as if she is praying.
text: ON LOVETT AND LIZZY running down the stairs from the top deck, hauling ass.
text: ROSE reaches the sern rail. Her gnarled fingers wrap over the rail. Her
text: ancient foot steps up on the gunwale. She pushes herself up, leaning
text: forward. Over her shoulder, we see the black water glinting far below.
text: LOVETT AND LIZZY run up behind her.
speaker_heading: LIZZY
dialog: Grandma, wait!! Don't--
text: ROSE TURNS her head, looking at them. She turns further, and we see she has
text: something in her hand, something she was about to drop overboard.
dialog: It is the "Heart of the Ocean".
text: Lovett sees his holy grail in her hand and his eyes go wide. Rose keeps it
text: over the railing where she can drop it anytime.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Don't come any closer.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: You had it the entire time?!
text: FLASH CUT TO: A SILENT IMAGE OF YOUNG ROSE walking away from Pier 54. The
text: photographers' flashes go off like a battle behind her. She has her hands
text: in her pockets. She stops, feeling something, and pulls out the necklace.
text: She stares at it in amazement.
text: BACK ON KELDYSH, Rose smiles at Brock's incomprehension.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: The hardest part about being so poor, was being so rich. But every time I
dialog: though of selling it, I though of Cal. And somehow I always got by without
dialog: his help.
text: She holds it out over the water. Bodine and a couple of the other guys come
text: up behind Lovett, reacting to what is in Rose's hand.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: Holy shit.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Don't drop it Rose.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: (a fierce whisper)
dialog: Rush her.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: (to Bodine)
dialog: It's hers, you schmuck.
dialog: (to her)
dialog: Look, Rose, I... I don't know what to say to a woman who tries to jump off
text: the Titanic when it's not sinking, and jumps back onto it when it is...
dialog: we're not dealing with logic here, I know that... but please... think about
dialog: this a second.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I have. I came all the way here so this could go back where it belongs.
text: The massive diamond glitters. Brock edges closer and holds out his hand...
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Just let me hold it in my hand, Rose. Please. Just once.
text: He comes closer to her. It is reminiscent of Jack slowly moving up to her
text: at the stern of Titanic.
text: Surprisingly, she calmly places the massice stone in the palm of his hand,
text: while still holding onto the necklace. Lovett gazes at the object of his
text: quest. An infinity of cold scalpels glint in its blue depths. It is
text: mesmerizing. It fits in his hand just like he imagined.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: My God.
text: His grip tightens on the diamond.
text: He looks up, meeting her gaze. Her eyes are suddenly infinitely wise and
dialog: deep.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You look for treasures in the wrong place, Mr. Lovett. Only life is
text: priceless, and making each day count.
text: His fingers relax. He opens them slowly. Gently she slips the diamond out
text: of his hand. He feels it sliding away.
text: Then, with an impish little grin, Rose tosses the necklace over the rail.
text: Lovett gives a strangled cry and rushes to the rail in time to see it hit
text: the water and disappear forever.
speaker_heading: BODINE
dialog: Aww!! That really sucks, lady!
text: Brock Lovett goes through ten changes before he settles on a reaction... HE
text: LAUGHS. He laughs until the tears come to his eyes. Then he turns to Lizzy.
speaker_heading: LOVETT
dialog: Would you like to dance?
text: Lizzy grins at him and nods. Rose smiles. She looks up at the stars.
text: 308 IN THE BLACK HEART OF THE OCEAN, the diamond sinks, twinkling end over
text: end, into the infinate depths.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 309 INT. ROSE'S CABIN / KELDYSH
text: A GRACEFUL PAN across Rose's shelf of carefully arranged pictures:
text: Rose as a young actress in California, radiant... a theatrically lit studio
dialog: publicity shot... Rose and her husband, with their two children... Rose
text: with her son at his college graduation... Rose with her children and
text: grandchildren at her 70th birthday. A collage of images of a life lived
dialog: well.
text: THE PAN STOPS on an image filling frame. Rose, circa 1920. She is at the
text: beach, sitting on a horse at the surfline. The Santa Monica pier, with its
text: rollercoaster is behind her. She is grinning, full of life.
text: We PAN OFF the last picture to Rose herself, warm in her bunk. A profile
text: shot. She is very still. She could be sleeping, or maybe something else.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BLACKNESS
text: 310 THE WRECK OF TITANIC looms like a ghost out of the dark. It is lit by a
text: kind of moonlight, a light of the mind. We pass over the endless forecastle
text: deck to the superstructure, moving faster than subs can move... almost like
dialog: we are flying.
text: WE GO INSIDE, and the echoing sound of distant waltz music is heard. The
text: rust fades away from the walls of the dark corridor and it is
text: transformed... WE EMERGE onto the grand staircase, lit by glowing
text: chandelier. The music is vibrant now, and the room is populated by men in
text: tie and tails, women in gowns. It is exquisitely beautiful.
text: IN POV we sweep down the staircase. The crowd of beautiful gentlmen and
text: ladies turn as we descend toward them. At the bottom a man stands with his
text: back to us... he turns and it is Jack. Smiling he holds his hand out toward
dialog: us.
text: IN A SIDE ANGLE Rose goes into his arms, a girl of 17. The passengers,
text: officers and crew of the RMS Titanic smile and applaud in the utter silence
dialog: of the abyss.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
