dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - DAY (EFX)
text: GIDEON, a strongly built elderly black man, is sitting at a
text: table. On the table is a large bowl of fruit. A crocheted
text: tablecloth hangs over the side of the table. Gideon is
text: dressed in a white suit and wearing a pair of well-polished
text: wing-tip shoes. His hat almost covers his eyes, which are two
text: points of greenish coals. The fruit in the bowl is engulfed
text: in flames.
text: The flames look as if they are DRIPPING from the tablecloth
text: to the floor. Gideon's shoes start to SMOULDER. His shoes
text: BURST INTO FLAMES which spread up his pants leg. His head
text: falls forward as if he had suddenly fallen to sleep. He
text: twiddles his thumbs very slowly in a circle. He crosses his
text: legs as if to get comfortable.
text: The camera moves to a CLOSE UP of his burning shoes. The
text: image of his feet begins to appear through his shoes; the
text: flames fade; the background changes as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GIDEON'S BACKYARD - DAY
text: Gideon's bare feet are resting on reddish dry earth. Gideon
text: is sitting in his backyard under a fruit tree with a Bible
text: resting in his hands.
text: His house is a small, neatly painted bungalow in South
text: Central Los Angeles. Corn, tomatoes, other vegetables grow in
text: the yard. Chickens scratch around.
text: He slowly awakens; his hands are trembling. He looks around
text: and sees the chickens. He looks up at the sky and sighs, with
dialog: some relief.
text: SUNNY, Gideon's grandson, five years old, has been watching
text: him from the back window of the house. He leaves the window.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
scene_heading: DOLLY SHOT OF SUNNY
text: Sunny peeps in the workroom. Through the crack in the door, a
text: Woman waves to Sunny.
scene_heading: INT. WORKROOM - DAY
text: The room is nearly filled with pregnant women and their
text: husbands. SUZIE, Gideon's wife, late 60's or early 70's, a
text: picture of health, is giving a last bit of instruction before
text: the class ends. Some of the people are already preparing to
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Remember, especially you men, that
dialog: working together now will already
dialog: have formed a bond before the child
text: arrives. The woman is very
dialog: sensitive.
text: Somewhere in the room a Male Voice booms out.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Tell me about it.
text: There is a bit of LAUGHTER as all start putting away their
dialog: things.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - DAY
text: Gideon looks over at the chickens, scratching around in the
text: garden. He calls to them, but they don't respond. He puts his
text: shoes on and walks towards the back door of the house.
text: Entering the house, he stops and waits inside the door
text: peeping out. In a sort of devilish manner he talks to
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Spoiling the little foxes that
dialog: spoil my vines.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - DAY
text: Shot of the backyard. Nothing. Suddenly, with the grace and
text: suspicion of alley cats, kids jump over Gideon's back fence,
text: look around timidly, and start climbing up his fruit tree.
text: Gideon walks down the steps slowly while humming in a deep
text: voice. He turns the water on and walks over to the tree,
text: trapping the kids. Dangling legs, hanging from the tree, try
text: to scurry up the tree to safety. Gideon sprays the tree with
text: water. Wet kids fall out of the tree and in one motion leap
text: the fence. Gideon cuts the water off and slaps the dirt off
text: his hands. He is quite pleased with himself.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY - DAY
text: One of the wet kids is watching Gideon as he goes back inside
text: the house. The boy signals the others who slowly follow in
text: single file. They jump the fence and climb back up the tree.
text: They let their half-eaten fruit fall to the ground.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: Suzie opens a letter and a picture of a baby falls out. Suzie
text: looks at the picture before reading the letter.
text: She tries to find a place for it among the other baby
text: pictures that cover the entire mirror on the dresser. Gideon
text: comes in and starts to undress.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: My mind plays tricks on me. Is it
dialog: okay if I take a bath now?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
text: Everyone is gone. Rhonda is in the
dialog: bathroom.
text: RHONDA, Gideon's granddaughter, 13 years old, comes out of
dialog: the bathroom.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
text: I was looking through my trunk and
dialog: I can't find my toby.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: It is a charm that my great
dialog: grandmother made me.
text: Everyone notices the worried look on Gideon's face.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: It will show up.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: If my daddy calls, tell him I
dialog: walked home.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You be careful and thank you for
text: looking after Sunny.
text: Sunny is asleep on the sofa with a half-eaten apple ready to
text: fall out of his hand.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Babe Brother and his wife are
dialog: taking advantage of a situation. I
dialog: hate to be mean to people but
dialog: picking Sunny up when they feel
dialog: like it has to come to an end. Now
dialog: I'm going to ask him how come he
dialog: couldn't be at your birthday.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Don't bother the poor boy. It just
dialog: takes some people a little longer
dialog: to figure out who they are.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I don't know how two brothers can
dialog: be so different.
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. BAKER'S BACKYARD - DAY
text: SKIP BAKER, who is thirteen, crawls out of his pigeon cage,
text: holding two birds that he throws up in the air. He climbs
text: upon the garage roof and throws rocks at the birds to keep
text: them flying. He WHISTLES and YELLS at them.
text: CLOSE UP OF BIRDS FLYING
text: As the birds circle Skip's house, they do backward rolls and
text: death grips. Skip throws more rocks to keep them flying. The
text: rocks land on Gideon's roof.
text: The SOUND of a person trying to learn how to play a TRUMPET
text: breaks the pleasant SOUNDS of the pigeons popping their wings
text: and flying in circles over the house.
scene_heading: INT. MRS. BAKER'S HOUSE, RODNEY'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: RODNEY BAKER is about nine. He stands next to a shaded
text: window, trying to finger the right valves on his trumpet. He
text: tries to hit a high note, but only succeeds in making an
text: awful screeching sound.
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. BAKER'S HOUSE - DAY
text: A group of kids walking by Rodney's window shout insulting
text: things about his horn playing.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Shut up! Go help your mama wash
dialog: dishes!
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S KITCHEN - DAY
text: Suzie is standing over an egg that just fell on the floor.
text: The SCREECHING SOUND of the trumpet from next door is
text: interrupted by the doorbell. Suzie cannot decide on what to
text: do, to clean the egg up or answer the door. The doorbell
text: keeps RINGING.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - DAY
text: Two uniformed Police Officers stand impatiently at the door.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
text: Suzie invites OFFICER SCOTT and OFFICER DAVIS in. Both men
text: are white and are in their mid-twenties. Officer Davis does
text: most of the questioning.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: We have a complaint from one of
dialog: your neighbors about a rooster
text: crowing in the mornings.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY
text: Gideon is shaving with a straight razor and humming to
text: himself, obviously in a good mood. Suzie sticks her head in.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: The police are here to talk to you
dialog: about the chickens.
text: The good mood that Gideon was in dissolves quickly. Gideon
text: wipes the soap off his face and throws the towel down. Suzie
text: leaves. Gideon brushes his hair and adjusts his bathrobe.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
text: Gideon comes in, still adjusting his bathrobe.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What can I do for you, Officer?
text: Suzie returns to the kitchen to clean the egg on the floor.
text: Officer Scott keeps her in view.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: You know it is against the city
dialog: ordinance to keep chickens or live
dialog: stock.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I always had chickens, ducks and
dialog: whatnots.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Not anymore, not in the city.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: We grow most of our own food. The
dialog: money I get from social security,
dialog: my pension and my wife's work,
dialog: keeps us living on the edge. What
dialog: choice do people like us have.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Well, you just have to move further
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Now how far would further out be?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: I'm not here to argue, sir.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You guys don't make anything
dialog: illegal, do you?
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Like what may I ask?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You might have a distillery pumping
text: out barrels of moonshine.
text: Suzie looks at Scott for a moment and goes into the kitchen.
text: Gideon is about to lose control. Davis heads off the
dialog: confrontation.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Look, just get rid of the chickens
dialog: and you all have a nice day.
text: Gideon stands in the doorway watching the Police go down the
dialog: steps.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I'll be damned if I get rid of my
dialog: chickens. I ought to get some hogs
dialog: and put them out there.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - NIGHT
text: There is soft knocking on the door. Suzie enter frame wearing
text: a robe.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER (V.O.)
dialog: Babe Brother.
text: Suzie opens the door. BABE BROTHER, Gideon's youngest son,
text: about 31, handsome, wearing an expensive suit, comes in,
text: beating the cold off of him and blowing in his hands.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I was hoping you came to the door
text: instead of him. It gets cold at
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: This doesn't make any sense; you
dialog: are going to drag that poor boy out
text: in the cold air.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: He will be alright.
text: The camera follows Babe Brother. He passes Gideon's room
text: where Gideon is asleep, snoring loudly.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Suzie and Babe Brother enter the bedroom where Sunny is
text: sleeping. Suzie gives Babe Brother a blanket to wrap Sunny up
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Thanks for taking care of him. I
dialog: will try not to be so long next
dialog: time.
text: Babe Brother gives his mother a good-night kiss. Gideon comes
text: to the door.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What time is it? Do you think you
dialog: can just treat us like your slave?
text: It's after one.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I tried to call to let you know I
dialog: was going to be late.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: That's a lie.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Let us settle this tomorrow.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Look! Don't try to get ahead by
dialog: riding our backs.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: I pay my own way.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Since when?
text: He reaches for Babe Brother but Suzie comes between them.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Take Sunny home, please.
text: She pushes Babe Brother away. Babe Brother walks away,
text: staring back at his father.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT
text: Gideon is lying in bed. Suzie gets in beside him.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Your feet are cold.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Go back to sleep.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I asked you to wake me when Babe
dialog: Brother comes.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You all act like two roosters.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I'm not going to let him get away
dialog: with murder.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You and Babe Brother are so much
dialog: alike...
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: He ain't nothing like me. How come
dialog: a man has to have sons that are day
dialog: and night apart? You ought to stop
text: protecting him.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Hush.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You're always taking his side.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Hush.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I'm trying to make him a man but
dialog: you keep babying him.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You're going to find yourself on
dialog: the floor.
scene_heading: INT. BABE BROTHER'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: The bedroom is tastefully furnished with modern art and
text: paintings by Barns.
text: Babe Brother wakes up with Sunny standing in the doorway
text: looking at him. It takes Babe Brother some time to fully wake
dialog: up.
text: Finally he sits reluctantly on the side of the bed and Sunny
text: comes over and sits next to him, trying to get his weary
text: father interested in his remote-control racing car.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I want you to be the richest man in
dialog: the world so I can be the richest
dialog: father in the world.
speaker_heading: SUNNY
dialog: I don't want to be rich. I want to
dialog: work on the railroad like
dialog: grandfather.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Son, if you are going to have a
dialog: family, you can't always choose a
dialog: job just because you like it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't want you to shine anybody's
dialog: shoes or be a porter. You let
dialog: somebody else carry your bags.
text: Sunny quietly gets up and follows his car out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. BABE BROTHER'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Babe Brother, having showered but still wearing his pajamas,
text: drags himself to the kitchen table where his wife LINDA has a
text: huge coffee mug with the inscription, "I'm the boss", waiting
dialog: for him.
text: Linda is about thirty years old and materially oriented like
text: her husband. She is wearing a conservatively cut business
dialog: dress.
text: Sunny stops playing with his car and gets himself an empty
text: cup. Babe Brother is about to pour him some of his coffee
text: when Linda objects.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: NO.
text: Sunny pleads with her in silence but Linda refuses to yield.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: He wouldn't want any if you didn't
text: try to keep it away from him.
text: Linda leaves the table but stops for a moment and looks down
text: at her husband.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Because you were spoiled, don't try
dialog: to spoil Sunny.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: My daddy never gave me anything
dialog: without my having to sweat for it.
dialog: Every summer, the way they kept me
dialog: and Junior out of trouble was to
dialog: send us to Big Daddy's farm. We
dialog: would get up with the chickens.
dialog: Every summer the fence had to be
dialog: repaired. The barn needed a coat of
dialog: paint. We had to pip all of Big
dialog: Mama's hundred laying hens and go
dialog: to church all day on Sunday. For
dialog: Big Daddy, calluses and sweat were
dialog: the mark of a man. Sunny will never
dialog: have to bust his knuckles like we
dialog: did.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I want Sunny to have an advantage
dialog: that you and I never had, but he
dialog: needs discipline, and you are not
dialog: helping when I tell him to do
dialog: something and you allow him to get
text: out of it.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: What is a sip of coffee going to
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Coffee is bad for anybody,
dialog: especially for a child.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I don't see you crying about my
dialog: drinking it.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: How old are you?
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - DAY
text: A SLOW CLOSE UP DOLLY SHOT OF SUZIE'S HANDS DROPPING SEEDS IN
text: THE GROUND.
text: Gideon is raking out the chicken coop. He puts the rake down
text: and walks over to the garden and watches Suzie plant seeds
dialog: for a while.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Instead of standing here doing
dialog: nothing, I better give those
dialog: chickens some scratch before they
text: start cackling.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY - DAY
text: OLD JOHN is pushing his cart up the alley. Old John's face is
text: washed so clean that it shines. His pants are dirty and his
text: cart is full of odds and ends of no value. He looks to be
text: about seventy and fit. Old John throws a sack on Gideon's
dialog: fence.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - DAY
text: Suzie,is bent over a plant that she is tying to a stick. She
text: looks up and sees the sack on the fence. A smile appears on
text: her face. She goes over to the fence.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY - DAY
text: Old John is about to take up his journey when Suzie sticks
text: her head over the fence.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: OLD JOHN
dialog: Tolerably well. I brought you some
dialog: more rabbit manure for your roses.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: It is so considerate of you.
text: Gideon sticks his head over the fence.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Well, well, look who is taking up
dialog: all the sunshine. Brother John, how
dialog: are you doing?
speaker_heading: OLD JOHN
dialog: I'm still here.
text: Suzie leaves the two men talking.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Tell me something. How do you get
dialog: energy to stay on the move all day?
speaker_heading: OLD JOHN
dialog: You couldn't sit on your rump under
dialog: my daddy's roof. No sir. If you
dialog: couldn't outwork his mule, you
dialog: wasn't worth the salt you put in
dialog: greens. You had to wake up looking
dialog: for something to do. I was raised
dialog: as a mule and now I'm a rolling
dialog: stone.
text: Suzie sticks her head over the fence and hands a bag of red
dialog: tomatoes to Old John.
speaker_heading: OLD JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn't mean for you to pay me for
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I know you didn't but you have been
dialog: so thoughtful.
speaker_heading: OLD JOHN
dialog: But when your sunflowers come up,
dialog: I'll pay you for them.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I planted a row just for you and
dialog: you don't owe me anything.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE SHOTS
text: off in the distance, a man is cutting his lawn. Gideon and
text: Suzie are working in their garden. Other couples working
text: their gardens. Two young men are working on their car, which
text: is creating a lot of smoke. A group of girls are sitting on a
text: porch trying to sing while one of the smaller ones is trying
dialog: to learn a step.
text: Skip is on the roof with his radio listening to rap music
text: while his birds circle over head. From time to time he throws
text: a rock at them.
scene_heading: INT. DELIVERY ROOM - DAY
text: THE CAMERA IS OUTSIDE OF THE ROOM. THE SCENE IS SHOT THROUGH
scene_heading: THE PARTLY OPEN DOOR.
text: It is hard to see the woman giving birth. There are people
text: blocking the view of the camera. Suzie is facing the camera
text: and the woman has her back to the camera.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It hurts.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Don't push too fast! Breathe! The
dialog: hard part is over. You can see the
text: top of the head.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It hurts. The pain.
dialog: (scream)
dialog: It's tearing me.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Father, give her a hand.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Hey, this is too much.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You do your part.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Can you tell what it is?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
text: Almost there.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: It's a junior.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Ah, I wanted a girl.
text: Suddenly the baby begins to SCREAM.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - DAY
text: A sack appears on Gideon's fence. The sound of Old John's
text: cart is heard rattling off.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Suzie, Gideon, JUNIOR (Gideon's elder son, 35 years old and
text: dark skinned), PAT (Junior's wife, who is expecting, about
text: 32) and Rhonda are all seated next to one another in the same
text: row. The PREACHER is knee-deep in water. He is baptizing a
text: group of young people. The members of the church are singing
text: "Take Me To The Water". An Elderly Man who can hardly walk
text: without help is being led down to the pool.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Suzie, Gideon, Junior, Pat and Rhonda are all seated at the
text: table eating. Babe Brother is standing up. He looks in the
text: pot but doesn't find it to his liking. Junior is irritated at
dialog: his brother.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: When are you going to find time to
dialog: help me fix the roof?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: You all don't believe me when I
dialog: tell you I'm afraid of heights.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You used that excuse to get out of
dialog: the army.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: You always got something to say.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Your mother asked me not to mention
dialog: it but your mother's birthday was
dialog: last week.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I hadn't forgotten. I ordered some
dialog: cloth but it didn't come in and I
dialog: felt so bad if I would have come to
dialog: her birthday without that, I just
dialog: stayed at home.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What did your wife get her?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: We got the same thing.
text: Junior laughs at Babe Brother's story.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Boy, go tell your wife to come in.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Babe Brother's car, a new Audi, is parked out front.
text: Linda is in the front seat reading a magazine while Sunny is
text: asleep in the back seat. Babe Brother sticks his head in the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Why don't you come in for a while?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I would like to finish reading
dialog: this. What would I talk about? I
dialog: haven't read this month's almanac.
dialog: I don't care to hear about how the
dialog: corn was this fall or how to get
dialog: rid of gophers by putting garlic in
dialog: their holes. They pride themselves
dialog: in making life hard and that's not
dialog: my cup of tea.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Suzie, Gideon, Junior, Pat and Rhonda are still at the table
dialog: eating.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You know, Babe Brother's wife just
text: dumps greens in the pot without
dialog: washing them.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
text: Babe Brother is a poor boy.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You all should have been hard on
dialog: him like you were me and he
dialog: wouldn't be the way he is.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Everybody got the same. I breast
dialog: fed him like I breast fed you.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Junior, you are wrong.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Just for a minute.
text: A dirt rock HITS the front windshield. Linda lets out a
text: little scream. Babe Brother looks around. Skip is on top of
text: the roof next door.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I didn't mean to hit your car. I
dialog: was throwing at my birds.
scene_heading: INT. FEED STORE - DAY
text: Gideon is looking at the price of laying mash. He digs his
text: hand into a barrel of scratch. Sunny also digs his hand in
dialog: the barrel.
text: Suzie is looking at new young plants. She gives the
text: vegetables a thorough going-over.
text: Gideon is standing in line waiting to place his order.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I need about five pounds of laying
dialog: mash and you better give me about
dialog: the same of scratch.
text: While at the counter, Gideon turns and looks around at the
text: prices of different items. Suzie brings her plants and puts
text: them on the counter.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: When are you going to have a sale
dialog: on weed killer?
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: You missed it. We had a two-day
dialog: sale last week.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What kind of a sale is a two-day
dialog: sale? I thought sales last a week
dialog: or two.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: Every day we have something
dialog: different. Today's sale is hay. 25%
dialog: off. If you have a horse or cow,
dialog: you're in business.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: Sunny looks at the Little Girl in the next car; she has her
text: mouth pressed against the window. She is missing a tooth.
text: Gideon is behind the wheel while Suzie holds her new plants
text: up to the sun, carefully looking at them.
text: Sunny, seated in the back, pokes a hole in the sack of feed.
text: The mash trickles to the floor as if from an hour glass.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Suzie is sitting in front of a table full of jars. Each jar
text: has a shoot and is half-filled with water. Gideon is on his
text: knees trying to fix the hinge to a cabinet. Sunny is sitting
text: almost under him listening to him tell stories. Sunny has a
text: coffee can full of marbles.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
text: All of the preachers were down in
text: the basement of the church
dialog: confessing their sins to one
dialog: another. They were way down in the
dialog: basement 'cause they figured no one
dialog: would hear them. One of the
dialog: preachers said, it makes me feel
dialog: too shame to tell how bad I have
dialog: been. You know them young gals that
dialog: sit up in the first row. I can look
dialog: at them and forget my text. I'm
dialog: just lost when it comes to women,
dialog: even them middle age sisters. Then
dialog: another preacher said, I don't
dialog: think I can tell you what my sin is
dialog: 'cause it's bad. Another preacher
dialog: said, Brother, we all amongst
dialog: friends. Tell us what's troubling
dialog: your soul. Clear your conscience.
text: Gideon takes a sip of water.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: So the preacher said, we all got a
dialog: bond 'cause we confessed to one
dialog: another. So let me tell you, my sin
dialog: is corn liquor. I just acts a fool
dialog: behind that spirit water. I loves
dialog: it more than preaching. Now ain't
dialog: that a sin, lord. So all the
text: preachers went on confessing, each
dialog: one worst than the last. Finally
dialog: they came to the last preacher who
dialog: had been very quiet and listening
dialog: to every word that fell. One of the
dialog: preachers said to him, it's your
dialog: turn. Confessing will lift you
dialog: burden, Brother. Bare us your soul.
dialog: We did. The last preacher said, no,
dialog: my sin is the worst among all of
dialog: you. One of the preachers said, ah
dialog: go on man and stop all this
dialog: suspense. So the last preacher
dialog: said, like I told you my sin is the
dialog: lowest.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My sin is gossiping and I can't
dialog: wait to get out and tell what I
dialog: heard.
text: Sunny does not get the humor of the story. He is more
text: interested in picking up his marbles that Gideon's foot
text: kicked over.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You oughtn't tell him stories like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: SUNNY
dialog: Tell me another story.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I'll you a story about the terrapin
dialog: and the rabbit. No, you tell me a
dialog: story. Come on.
speaker_heading: SUNNY
dialog: Once upon a time, my mommy and
dialog: daddy lived in this big house that
dialog: I bought for them. I got them this
text: big car.
text: A strong wind causes the broom handle to knock against the
text: china teapot, KNOCKING IT TO THE FLOOR. Suzie stops Sunny
text: from trying to help pick up the pieces.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You stay back. You might cut your
dialog: fingers.
text: Suzie looks down sadly at her broken tea pot.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I looked everywhere for my toby.
scene_heading: EXT. APPLE ORCHARD - DAY
text: The trees are barren, which gives them an unfriendly look. As
text: we LOOK at the ground, a man's distorted shadow stops in the
dialog: frame.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - DAY
text: A shadow of a man appears on Gideon's porch. The camera tilts
text: up to HARRY MENTION, a very dark-looking, ageless old man
text: carrying several boxes held together by a cord. He looks
text: exhausted from his journey. He looks in his address book and,
text: satisfied that he reached the right house, he rings the
text: doorbell.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
text: Suzie comes to the front door; she recognizes Harry right
text: away. She invites him in. Harry stumps his feet on the porch
text: several times and then enters.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Harry, I can't believe it is you.
dialog: Gideon, look who is here.
text: Gideon comes in, wiping his hands. Sunny, carrying the broom,
text: follows behind.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Harry, good God Almighty, man! It's
dialog: been, what, thirty years or more.
dialog: Suzie, we haven't seen Harry since
dialog: we left home.
text: Harry is more interested in the boy, but Sunny doesn't want
text: to come near Harry. It is Gideon's arm that is keeping him
text: within close range of Harry.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: This is my grandson, Sunny. He is
dialog: my youngest son's child.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: He kind of favors one of my boys
dialog: when he was about his age.
text: Sunny, playing with the broom, accidentally touches Harry's
text: shoe with it. Harry hides his anger about being touched with
text: the broom. Harry takes the broom from Sunny and spits on the
dialog: bottom of it.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Boy, that is bad luck to touch a
text: fellow with a broom.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: He knows better. Sunny, apologize
dialog: to Harry.
speaker_heading: SUNNY
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What are you doing in these parts?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I came all the way from Detroit by
text: bus going to Oakland. The bus
dialog: stopped in Los Angeles. I had to
dialog: get off and take a rest. I'll catch
text: the last bus leaving at midnight.
dialog: I'm just too tired to go on.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Why didn't you catch a plane?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: My feet have never been on anything
dialog: that wasn't directly attached to
dialog: the ground.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Stay until you feel better? I would
dialog: like to hear all the news.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'm worn out but won't you feel
dialog: like you are taking in a stranger?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Stranger my foot, it was my
dialog: grandmother who helped you into
dialog: this world.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well, I don't want to put you out.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Man, put your boxes down and stay
dialog: as long as you like. We have empty
dialog: rooms since the boys got their own
dialog: families and moved out.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well if you're sure, I won't be a
dialog: bother. Oh, I don't sleep on no
dialog: spring mattress. I always make
dialog: myself a pallet on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: The bedroom door to Harry's room is cracked open. Peering
text: through the cracked door, we SEE Harry asleep on his pallet.
text: His back is turned to the camera. It is dead silent. There
text: does not seem to be any sign of life. On the floor is a plate
text: that has water in it. It looks like it is for a dog.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Suzie is peeling potatoes and Gideon is ironing.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Poor old Harry, he really must have
text: been worn out. He has been asleep
dialog: all day.
text: Without anyone being aware, Harry has been standing in the
text: doorway for some time.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Good evening. It must be all the
dialog: different time zones I crossed that
dialog: makes me feel this weary.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You should go back and rest.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: No, if I rest any longer, I won't
dialog: sleep tonight. May I use your
dialog: bathroom to wash up a bit?
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Man, act like this is your home.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That's awful generous of you. I
dialog: always ask to keep from wearing out
dialog: welcome.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: One can tell you are from back
dialog: home. These people nowadays don't
dialog: know what manners are.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Where we come from, you had to know
dialog: how to act right. You had to know
dialog: how to say yes sir and no sir. You
dialog: had to know your place.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You had to tread softly.
text: The doorbell rings and Gideon goes to answer it.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Those days you could always find
dialog: something redeeming about even the
dialog: worst person.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You remember that boy who lost his
dialog: mind, Joe? You could hear him
text: pitching horseshoes at night in the
dialog: dark. He wouldn't miss a one. Make
dialog: him mad and call yourself running
dialog: in the house to be safe. He would
dialog: pick up a brick and say "go on in
dialog: there brick and hit somebody" and
dialog: it would find its mark.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I was afraid to go to Marcus Bottom
dialog: because of him.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: All those places that us coloreds
dialog: lived, that we used to call
dialog: Bottoms, have all been changed to
dialog: Drives and Heights. Everything is
dialog: in what you call it, not in what it
dialog: is.
text: Gideon comes back with Junior, Pal and Rhonda.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Harry, I would like for you to meet
dialog: my oldest son, his wife and
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Pleased to meet you. So you're from
dialog: back home, too.
text: Harry and Junior shake hands, but Rhonda gives Harry only a
text: nod of her head and a smile.
text: Pat, who is pregnant, attempts to shake hands with Harry, but
text: is forced to withdraw her hand because of a sudden pain in
dialog: her stomach.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: This boy must be turning over. Oh,
dialog: he just kicked me again.
text: Junior feels her stomach. Pat again tries to shake Harry's
text: hand and again gets a jolt from her stomach. She finds a
text: chair to sit down in.
text: The SOUND of rocks hitting the roof causes everyone to look
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
text: It's the boy next door throwing at
dialog: his birds. I'm just waiting on him
text: to hit a pane in the window
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'm going to wash up now. You all
dialog: please excuse me.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S HOUSE - BATHROOM - DAY
text: Harry is wiping off his face with a washcloth. He stares at
text: himself in the mirror for a long time. The sudden sound of
text: the boy next door starting to play his trumpet startles him.
text: He smiles at the trumpeter's efforts.
text: He wrings the wash cloth out. A reddish oil-like liquid DRIPS
text: into the face bowl.
scene_heading: EXT. GIDEON'S HOUSE - EARLY MORNING
text: A few of the houses have lights on. Suddenly, Gideon's
text: rooster starts to CROW. A dog starts to bark and a garbage
text: can is knocked over. Bedroom lights in almost all the houses
text: in the neighborhood pop on. The voices of neighbors
text: complaining are heard.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: Harry is just waking up. He listens to the voices of Suzie
text: and Gideon as they get ready for church.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - MORNING
text: Gideon is paging through the Bible as he stands by the door,
text: waiting for Suzie who is watering her plants. Harry comes in.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You ought to come hear our
dialog: preacher. Remember old Cat Iron?
dialog: Well, our preacher is just as
text: strong.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Next time when I feel a little
dialog: better perhaps.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I was going to get up and get a hen
dialog: out there for dinner, but time got
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Oh, I would feel much at home if
dialog: you let me get one for you. I
dialog: haven't wrung a chicken's neck in a
dialog: month of Sundays. You know, folks
dialog: would call my daddy to kill their
dialog: hogs. That used to be my trade from
dialog: time to time.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Well, I would appreciate that.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Gideon and Suzie are stepping off the porch. Harry is
text: standing behind the screen door.
text: Gideon and Suzie get in Junior's car. Junior, Pat and Rhonda
text: wave to Harry as the car pulls away.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING HOUSE - DAY
text: IT IS A TRACKING SHOT, FOLLOWING HARRY THROUGH THE HOUSE.
text: Harry looks through Gideon's and Suzie's private things. He
text: looks at the baby pictures that fill the mirror. He reads
text: Suzie's letters that are dated years ago. In one of the
text: letters, he finds a picture of a man standing behind a
text: plough. "Uncle Joe after Ella's death" is written on the
text: back. A picture of a mule holds his interest. He looks at it
text: for a long time and carries it with him as he continues his
dialog: search.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - DAY
text: Harry slowly walks along the rows in Suzie's garden. He
text: stands by the chicken cage. Suddenly, the chickens start to
text: run about and CACKLE as if a dog had gotten in.
text: Harry turns from the chicken coop. He stands still. Sunny is
text: hiding behind a bush.
text: Sunny steps around the bush. Harry looks at Sunny with such
text: concentration that Sunny takes a step backward as if getting
text: ready to defend himself.
text: MRS. BAKER, a black woman in her early thirties, comes out on
text: the back porch. She shakes out a rug. She stops shaking the
text: rug and stares at Harry.
text: Harry becomes aware of Mrs. Baker's stare. He comes to
text: himself and smiles at her.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S KITCHEN - DAY
text: Harry and Babe Brother are playing cards while Linda watches
text: and Sunny plays by himself on the floor. In the sink is a
text: newspaper full of bloody feathers. A small flame is under a
text: pot on the stove. Harry looks at the chicken in the pot and
text: sits back down.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You don't act like the rest of
dialog: Gideon's friends. They believe if
dialog: you are not hard at work, you are
dialog: hard at sin.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Oh, I'm more modern in my ways. I
dialog: don't believe in sin, though there
dialog: is good and evil.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And evil is a thing you work at.
text: Harry takes his knife, a crab apple switch, out. It has a
text: rabbit foot attached to it. Harry cleans his fingernail with
text: the knife. Sunny is interested in the rabbit foot. He reaches
dialog: for the knife.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Not you mustn't touch. Your mama
dialog: might not like you handling knives.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I think he wants to see your rabbit
dialog: foot.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I let this rabbit foot do in place
dialog: of my toby that I lost years ago.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What's a toby?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You don't want to be at crossroads
dialog: without one. It's a charm that old
dialog: people teach you how to make. I had
dialog: one for a long time that belonged
dialog: to my grandmother who had it ever
dialog: since she was a child.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In my travels I misplaced it. I
dialog: have been looking over my shoulder
dialog: ever since.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I thought you weren't old
dialog: fashioned.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: In some things. When we were
dialog: children, there used to be an old
dialog: man that came around and would
dialog: snatch your soul if you didn't have
dialog: something on you that didn't make a
dialog: X.
text: Harry is aware that Babe Brother is interested in the knife.
text: After cleaning his last fingernail, he hands the knife to
dialog: Babe Brother.
text: Harry looks at the cards in his hand. He smiles to himself.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Did you have your child at home?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: No. No. No. No. I had my Child at
dialog: Cedars and Sinai. And that ain't no
dialog: county hospital. You have to have
dialog: cash or check before you come in
text: the door.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Some folks take that natural stuff
dialog: too far.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Junior's wife kept her afterbirth'
dialog: in the refrigerator. That's why I
dialog: do not eat over there now.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Country people got so many strange
dialog: ways,
text: Harry looks again at the chicken that he is boiling.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Did you ever have to use this
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That is called a crab apple switch.
dialog: It's for those bad acting monkeys
dialog: and just the thing for a mean dog.
dialog: Now I don't know if I actually did
dialog: what I did or got my life and story
dialog: mixed in with other folk's stories
dialog: but I seem to recall that I had to
dialog: use my crab apple on a boy from
dialog: back home. I was up in Memphis
dialog: working on the railroad, like your
dialog: daddy who had an easy job. He would
text: sing a song that had a cadence and
dialog: we would lay track. Anyway I was
dialog: coming down Beale Street and I
dialog: heard this music coming from a
text: saloon. Sure enough it was Emory.
dialog: My daddy taught both of us to play
dialog: but Emory was natural at it. Got in
dialog: a blues band and what not. He and
dialog: another boy had killed a boy named
dialog: Hocker sometime back and they
text: balled the Jack leaving town. Emory
dialog: had lost one eye and had a scar
dialog: running down his face. Bad luck I
dialog: would say. He got to drinking that
dialog: corn liquor. We went to his girl's
dialog: room and he wouldn't stop drinking.
dialog: He started talking about the old
dialog: days and he went mad. He pulled his
dialog: knife and I got to mine first. The
text: lights went out.
text: Linda picks up a card and looks at it. There is a naked woman
text: on the back.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Don't pick up the cards if you are
dialog: not in the game. Did he die?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I don't know what happened to him.
text: He just ran out into the streets.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I got some old records I want you
dialog: to hear. I like the blues sung
dialog: simply, man and a guitar. Or sung
dialog: by a woman who had bad luck all her
dialog: life. Don't ever let anyone tell
dialog: you his life's story if it is of a
dialog: weary life full of sadness. When I
dialog: was a boy, a man told me a story of
dialog: how he lost all of his sons and
dialog: I'll be damned if the same thing
dialog: didn't happen to me.
text: Sunny is busy playing in the curtains.
text: The SOUND of Gideon and Suzie arriving makes them scurry to
text: get the cards put away. Harry puts his knife away just as
text: Suzie and Gideon enter. Linda feels a little embarrassed.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: How was church?
text: Gideon and Suzie are surprised to see Linda. They don't know
dialog: what to say.
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. BAKER'S BACKYARD - DAY
text: Rodney walks around in the yard BLOWING his trumpet as loud
text: as he can. The SOUND of the trumpet frightens Skip's birds.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY
text: Gideon is repairing the pipes under the face bowl. Harry is
text: leaning against the door.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How often is your wife called to
dialog: help delivery?
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: It was slow. Now it seems like
text: everyone is having births at home.
text: Gideon takes the pipe off. It has rotted. Gideon cannot
dialog: believe it.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: What could have caused this? I just
dialog: changed this damn thing.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Everything these days is made
dialog: overseas.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You and Babe Brother hit it off so
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Course, it is your business, but I
dialog: feel obliged to tell you that maybe
dialog: you have not been fair with the
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I tried to teach him right from
dialog: wrong just like I did his Junior.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Everyone has to follow his own
dialog: plough. A man doesn't have to know
dialog: how to cut a wick and clean a
dialog: chimney nowadays. City people don't
text: give a hoot and a holler about the
dialog: shape of the moon nowadays. You
dialog: don't plant old ways...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... but, at the end, you find
dialog: yourself doing what your father did
dialog: but you have to have the land in
dialog: you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's when you want to give the
dialog: house or farm to the kids and they
dialog: don't want it. You sell it to a
dialog: stranger. You worked your whole
dialog: life, for what?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I doubt if people nowadays have
dialog: knowledge of a victory garden or
dialog: seen an inch worm. All what we've
dialog: experienced has no meaning.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You're suppose to teach your
dialog: children what you know. Junior, I
dialog: don't have to worry about. Babe
text: Brother is a different story.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You still call him boy. You call
text: Babe Brother boy in front of his
dialog: wife and son.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: My daddy called me boy up to the
dialog: time he died. I was always boy to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: 'Course, you could be right. Your
dialog: sons are alive. All my sons are
dialog: dead.
text: Off-screen, Rodney starts to practice on his HORN.
scene_heading: INT. BABE BROTHER'S LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Babe Brother is sitting with Sunny by the screen door blowing
text: giant bubbles. The bubbles drift past Linda, who is sitting
text: at the table with real estate papers all over the table. She
text: is talking on the phone with a client and signals them to
dialog: stop disturbing her.
text: Babe Brother sends more bubbles floating by, causing her to
text: shake the water off her papers while she talks to a first
dialog: time buyer.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: It has three bedrooms, one and a
dialog: half baths. Well, yes, that means
dialog: two toilets and one bath. Well...
dialog: Yes, by appointment... Call me back
dialog: if you decide.
text: She hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You would think people never lived
dialog: in a house if they have to ask what
dialog: does 1 1/2 baths mean.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Will you still get the money from
dialog: your father?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I told him we might not need it, if
dialog: you can talk your parents into
dialog: giving you your share of the
dialog: property.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Pops put Big Daddy's farm in
dialog: Rhonda's and Sunny's name and fixed
dialog: it so no one can borrow on it.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: We could borrow on that land and
dialog: put the money to work.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I preached to Mom and Dad about it
text: but they are stuck in their ways,
text: it's like talking to a brick. But
dialog: if there is a way...
text: Babe Brother is lost in his thoughts. He stares down at his
text: hands resting on his knees. He picks up the telephone.
scene_heading: INT. JUNIOR'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Junior is on the phone with Babe Brother. Pat crosses in
text: front of the camera shaking her head in a negative manner.
text: Babe Brother's voice is just audible.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You want me to mortgage my house to
dialog: invest in a scheme of yours? You
dialog: know the last time we went into
dialog: something together Daddy had to go
dialog: in his savings to keep us from
text: ending on the street.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER (O.S.)
dialog: Why are you always afraid to get
dialog: somewhere?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: This is not a good time to take
dialog: chances. Your best friend, Robert,
text: an accountant, lost his home and is
text: out on the street. We see him from
text: time to time. He comes down to
dialog: church for a free meal.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER (O.S.)
dialog: This is what it is all about,
text: trying to keep from being out on
dialog: the street.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Robert asks about you. When are you
dialog: going to do something to help him?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER (O.S.)
dialog: Maybe I can get down there next
dialog: week.
text: Junior turns to his wife, who is off-camera.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Babe Brother always acts like a
dialog: gambler who is in the biggest game
dialog: of his life and don't know about
dialog: playing cards.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS - HOT AFTERNOON
text: Harry and Gideon are walking along a railroad track. The sun
text: is blinding. The heat makes the asphalt Appear to turn into a
text: lake off in the distance. Gideon appears exhausted; beads of
text: sweat continually form on his forehead. He fans himself with
text: his hat. Harry is unaffected by the hot temperature.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I can sit here and look at train
dialog: tracks all day. We laid enough of
dialog: them, didn't we? So many memories
text: are stretched along tracks like
dialog: these.
text: Gideon looks down the tracks. A bowl of dust stirs off in the
text: distance. The hot temperature makes the tracks appear liquid.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS - HOT AFTERNOON (EFFECT)
text: The tracks begin to twist and bend. Off in the distance,
text: faint images of men laying track to a song.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS - HOT AFTERNOON
text: Gideon is standing with his hat in his hand. His posture is
text: that of an extremely old man.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: In weather like this, you cannot
text: walk around bare-headed.
text: He wipes the sweat from his hat band.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We'll go a little farther. The walk
dialog: will do us some good.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Suzie is peeling apples while Sunny, standing next to her,
text: catches peelings in his mouth. Pat is sitting next to the
text: window. She is uncomfortable. She loosens her pants, giving
text: her stomach more room. Rhonda is leaning over the back of the
text: chair with her arms around Pat's neck. They are in
dialog: silhouette.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Did you do your homework?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mama?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Can I name the baby?
scene_heading: INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Suzie knocks on the door. Harry comes to the door still
text: buttoning his shirt.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I have someone I want you to meet.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'll be right there.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
text: Gideon in the background in the kitchen washing off the
text: vegetables. Suzie and HATTIE are sitting at the table. Harry
text: comes in and is surprised to see Hat tie. Hattie is in her
text: late sixties but looks well. She makes a conscious effort to
text: dress plainly.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: I couldn't believe it when Suzie
dialog: called and said you were staying
dialog: here. How have you been?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Girl, do you still sing and dance?
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: No, I'm a different person now,
dialog: Harry.
text: Hattie has a nervous condition that causes her to squint from
text: time to time. Gideon comes in from the kitchen.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Haven't the years been good to
dialog: Hattie?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: It hasn't been the years; it's been
text: the men in her life.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Harry, that's not nice. I'm in
dialog: church now.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Why run out and close the barn door
dialog: when the horse is gone? I remember
dialog: when you weren't saved. That was
dialog: way back yonder when the Natchez
text: Trace was just a dirt road.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Some people grow up and change
dialog: their ways.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I know your mother ain't still
dialog: operating that house of hers.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: My mother passed on years ago.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF HOUSE - DAY
text: M.C. slams the door to his car and hurries up the steps,
text: leaving HERMAN, in spite of his bad condition, to get out of
text: the car the best he can. The car door almost knocks poor
text: Herman over. M.C. seems rather youthful because of his energy
text: and awkwardness. He is a large muscular man.
text: Herman is a dried-up man with nothing, not even a shadow. He
text: has a racking COUGH.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
text: M.C. gives Gideon a bear hug, lifting him off his feet. On
text: seeing Suzie, he drops Gideon and rushes over to lift her up
text: off her feet.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Herman is still trying to get out of the car.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
text: M.C. lifts Suzie off the ground twice. He runs over to Hattie
text: who does not want to be handled, tries to withdraw but M.C.
text: forces her to her feet and gives a big bear hug. Hattie has a
text: series of squinting attacks. M.C. squints in return.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: M.C., you still ain't house broken.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Good God Almighty, if it ain't like
text: a parade of people from out of the
dialog: past. M.C., where did you come
dialog: from?
dialog: M.C.
dialog: I live here.
text: There is a TAPPING on the door.
speaker_heading: M.C. (CONT'D)
dialog: That's old Herman.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Harry, what did you do, rob the
dialog: graveyard?
text: Herman hobbles in and, after a minute of COUGHING, a smile
text: forms on his face.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Suzie, Gideon and Hattie are seated at the table while M.C.
text: bounces from one end of the table to the other. One moment he
text: is on his knees and next moment he is leaning over someone to
text: flick his ashes in the ashtray on the table. Hattie hates it
text: when he comes near her.
text: Harry and Herman sit together in the corner chewing on
dialog: starch.
dialog: M.C.
dialog: Hattie, do you still dance?
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: I'm in church.
dialog: M.C.
dialog: What does that got to do with it?
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Suzie, you still have Joe's number?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I will have to look for it.
dialog: M.C.
dialog: Who's Joe?
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: None of your business.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That is a boy from home, Lulla's
dialog: brother.
text: Suzie is surprised.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Harry, you know everything.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You got to know everything, do
dialog: everything, and be everything.
text: Gideon brings a fresh pot of coffee. Gideon tries to signal
text: M.C. to stop harassing Hattie. M.C. leans over Hattie again
text: to use the ashtray.
text: Harry is helping Herman to his feet. Herman starts to cough.
text: They come over and join the rest of the crowd at the table.
text: Harry seats Herman next to Gideon and pours Herman a cup of
text: coffee. He puts the sugar and cream in the coffee for Herman.
text: Suzie comes back with Joe's number and hands it to Hattie.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: M.C., I'm worn out. You ready to
dialog: go?
dialog: M.C.
dialog: If you are tired, go sit in the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Suzie, do you have any Swamp Root?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: No, but I might have some Indian
dialog: Chief Tonic.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: I haven't heard anyone mention
dialog: Swamp Root since button-up shoes
dialog: went out.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You can certainly tell how old you
dialog: are, my dear.
text: Hattie is angered.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: You know the saying, "your heart is
dialog: in your left hand."
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Now I was trying to be nice, to
dialog: make conversation, since we go back
dialog: some.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: I was quoting from the Bible. If
dialog: the shoe fits, wear it.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: "Out of weariness, I spoke to my
dialog: own heart; to leave it all and to
dialog: die. And I gave my heart to know
dialog: madness and folly."
dialog: M.C.
dialog: You ain't going to win playing the
text: dozens with Harry.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: You all ought to get along.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Harry, you know you remind me of so
dialog: much that went wrong in my life.
dialog: When I heard you were here, I made
dialog: a special effort to come and see
dialog: you. I see you are still a pile of
text: wet chicken feathers.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Oh Lord.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: My sister, women can get away with
dialog: so much. I don't have any enemies
dialog: 'cause I don't live in the past. As
dialog: Pushkin, you don't know him, said,
dialog: "In the hope of glory and good, I
dialog: look without fear ahead."
dialog: M.C.
dialog: Harry has got your number.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
text: An empty wagon makes a lot of noise
dialog: and you, tappy head, you ain't
dialog: worth the salt you put in greens.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Speaking of tappy heads, we ought
dialog: to have an old fashion fish fry.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: I don't have too many fish fries
dialog: left.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We can have it here next week.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Is this your house?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Oh. I'm sorry. Gideon, what do you
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Well, it's up to Suzie.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: It would be nice.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: In the meantime Harry can slaughter
dialog: us a hog.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I already have, my dear.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Please, M.C., take me home.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The children of the women in Suzie's natural birth group are
text: huddled together SINGING "Ashiine Ca Chew". The voices of the
text: women in the next room are audible. The kids go outside to
text: sit on the porch.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE, WORK ROOM - DAY
text: Most of the women have their newborns with them and are
dialog: engaging in talk about how their other children had to adjust
dialog: and etc.
text: A young white mother, REBECCA WILSON, with both her children,
text: a four year old and one just a few months old, talks with a
text: deep southern accent.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: No one in my family ever been to a
dialog: hospital to give birth. My sister
dialog: has four children and all were born
dialog: at home. My mother and her mother,
text: it just goes on and on.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD - DAY
text: A mother leaves with her baby wrapped in a blanket. The kids
text: surround her, wanting to see the baby.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Pat is looking at a book of baby names. Harry passes the door
text: and stops.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: A woman in family way just reminds
dialog: of spring and my younger days.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: That's nice.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well, you and your husband are
dialog: special. Ya, Gideon tells me you do
dialog: volunteer work to help feed the
dialog: poor.
text: Pat beams with joy because Harry recognizes the important
dialog: work she is doing.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How many people do you all feed?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Last Saturday we handed out over
dialog: two hundred meals.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Good God Almighty, bless your
dialog: bones.
dialog: (pause)
text: But the problem grows.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Week by week the crowds at the door
dialog: keeps getting larger. We can't feed
text: all the hungry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Of course not. Have you ever heard
text: of a man jumping in the river to
dialog: save five hundred drowning people?
dialog: No you ain't.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You have to take just one and
dialog: fatten him up. When you spread help
dialog: too thin, you , you just nickel and
dialog: dime the situation. If you try to
dialog: save all, all die but if you save
dialog: one life, life goes on. You just
dialog: have to remember, medicine that
text: works leaves a bitter taste.
text: Harry looks at the baby picture pasted over the mirror. He
text: takes the picture of his children from his old black dusty
text: wallet and compares the faces of his kids with those on the
text: mirror. He talks to himself more than to Pat.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: You just take one; you thaw out the
text: cold and hunger in his bones from
text: sleeping on the bare ground.
text: Pat watches him and loses herself in what he is doing. She
dialog: responds automatically
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I don't know if we could take one
dialog: in with Rhonda and me at home alone
dialog: at times.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Oh, I wasn't pointing my finger at
dialog: you. Hey, you have to think of
dialog: yourself. A lot of them have all
dialog: kinds of diseases and will cut your
dialog: throat while you sleep. There are
dialog: too many bad people out there.
scene_heading: EXT. GIDEON'S BACK PORCH - DAY
text: Junior is taking the back door off to paint. Harry helps him
text: carry the door and lay it on a saw horse.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I appreciate you lending me a hand.
dialog: That lazy ass brother of mine was
dialog: suppose to help me.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well some folks are still waiting
dialog: for their comeuppance. Don't take
dialog: me wrong but you can't judge people
dialog: by how you act. You're a caring
dialog: person.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: He should be caring. That is not
dialog: too much to ask.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Ya, but you can't do the shuffle
dialog: with one leg. You and your wife, in
dialog: your spare time, work with the less
dialog: fortunate. Now I'm not talking
dialog: about you and what you do but some
dialog: folks that always run to help the
dialog: victim, deep down are attracted to
dialog: pain and suffering and love to be
text: near the dying.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: All the people working with us are
dialog: really doing it 'cause they hate to
dialog: see suffering.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You never know what's in the heart
dialog: and just because you can cry
dialog: doesn't make you human.
scene_heading: INT. JUNIOR'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Rhonda is in the background washing dishes. Pat and Junior
text: are sitting at the dining room table, arguing.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: We can't really bring another
dialog: family in here with us.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Why not? Harry says that's the only
dialog: way to do good.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: When did you talk to Harry?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Don't shout!
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - DAY
text: Gideon and Sunny are in the garden digging for worms. The
dialog: chickens
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I think we have enough. So now tell
dialog: me a story.
scene_heading: EXT. BALDWIN HILLS LAKE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Gideon is sitting on a rock by the lake. His image is
text: reflected in the lake. He is asleep. Sunny is putting new
text: bait on one of the reels and with a whip of the pole, he
text: casts to the center of the lake. He leans against a tree.
text: Sunny looks at his sleeping grandfather. Gideon has his pant
text: legs rolled up. His socks have lost their elastic. His head
text: is resting on his chest.
text: Sunny goes near the water.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Be careful of the water.
text: Sunny looks back at his grandfather, who appears to be
dialog: asleep.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: There is one fish in the bucket.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - SUNSET
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE SHOT FROM HIGH ANGLE
text: Gideon and Sunny are sitting next to each other. The lake
text: reflects the sky: a deep red. The eerie sound of a long train
text: whistle breaks the silence.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MORNING
text: Harry, Babe Brother and Linda come in after staying out all
text: night. Linda looks as though she is about to fall asleep
text: standing up. She awakes and looks at Harry. There is dislike
text: in her stare. Suzie and Gideon notice Linda fading away.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Are you feeling well?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I've never been so tired in my
dialog: life. Where is Sunny?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
text: He is getting his things together.
dialog: Babe Brother, you ought to take
dialog: your wife home so she can get some
dialog: rest.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
text: In a minute.
text: Sunny comes in carrying his night-clothes folded neatly. He
text: stands next to Linda. Harry, in a mild but demanding way,
text: ushers Babe Brother out of the door.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Take your wife and child home, boy.
text: Babe Brother seems all too happy to obey Harry. After Harry
text: closes the door behind Babe Brother, he turns with a wide
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: I got a surprise for you tonight.
text: Harry flops down on the couch and kicks his shoes off.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: This old buffalo has been in the
dialog: sun too long.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Suzie and Gideon are getting the food ready while Harry,
text: wearing a shirt that looks like it is made of shiny
text: snakeskin, sits in a darkened corner of the room, cutting his
text: fingernails with his knife.
text: The door bell rings and Harry slowly walks over to answer the
text: door. Suzie puts the punch bowl down and hurries over to meet
text: the first guests, FRED JENKINS, an elderly black man whom she
text: hasn't seen in years, and Esme Jenkins, his wife.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Fred Jenkins.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Suzie, you haven't changed and you,
dialog: Gideon, if you don't look like John
dialog: Henry. Oh, this is my wife, Esme.
dialog: My first wife Lulie died.
text: More people arrive, bottle-necking the doorway. Gideon helps
text: the Jenkinses to a chair. Hattie comes with her brother
text: MARSH, who is not too pleased to see Harry. OKRA TATE, an
text: elderly black man with dark circles under his eyes, comes in
text: limping badly with an old Polaroid camera hanging from his
dialog: neck.
text: Babe Brother, Linda, Junior, Pat and Rhonda, who is holding
text: Sunny's hand, all come in together. M.C. drags Herman through
text: the door coughing. FLIM ANDERSON and his son DOUG are
text: followed by the twins, WILLIAM and LOVIRAY NORWOOD, who are
dialog: in their late 70's.
text: Babe Brother leaves Linda standing by herself to be next to
dialog: Harry.
text: Zenia Dent, an elderly white woman with a strong Southern
text: accent, arrives with her husband, Howard Dent, a black man,
text: who is in a wheelchair. The Twins and Howard are the center
dialog: of attention.
text: Okra comes over and whispers into Harry's ear. Okra leaves
text: through the front door. Okra comes back in with a bag. Harry,
text: Babe Brother, M.C. and Herman follow Okra to the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Okra sets the bag on the table and steps back to allow Harry
text: to unveil the bottle of corn liquor.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Boy, that is the real South. That
dialog: is real corn liquor.
text: A crowd starts to gather around.
speaker_heading: FLIM
dialog: What is in the bottle?
dialog: M.C.
dialog: It ain't Geritol.
text: M.C. starts to hand out tea cups while Harry pours everyone a
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
text: There is a fight in every bottle.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You tappy heads better not tear
dialog: down my house.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: An attractive Woman, in her younger days a knockout, puts on
text: a record and starts to pop her fingers to the music as she
text: moves towards the center of the floor dancing by herself,
dialog: inviting anyone bold enough to join her.
text: A group of Men who haven't seen each other in years are
text: asking questions about news of old friends.
text: Okra is trying to get his camera working.
text: Herman is following M.C. through the crowd with his hand
text: resting on M.C.'s shoulder as if he were a blind person. His
text: racking COUGH is frightening.
text: An older couple dancing attract the attention of the crowd.
text: The man is wearing Stacy Adams shoes polished to see one's
text: face in them. He gives expression to his moves as if he and
text: the woman are talking with their bodies.
text: Junior and Pat try to bring in something more modern to outdo
text: the older couple.
text: Herman corners Hattie, trying to get her to sing.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Look, you better get out of my face
dialog: before I slap the living daylights
dialog: out of you.
text: Harry stops the music.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You folks excuse me but you know we
dialog: have a celebrity from out of the
dialog: past, our own nightingale. If you
dialog: had any good times in your life,
dialog: you remember Hattie. She use to
dialog: keep those juke joints steaming. If
dialog: Ma Rainey and Bessie Smith were the
dialog: stars, she was the sun. Let's get
dialog: Hattie to sing something from the
dialog: old days.
text: Hattie has started her nervous twitch again. She is so mad
text: that she bites her lip to keep from exploding.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Harry always tries to be the king
dialog: fish. I told him I'm a new person.
dialog: I'm saved.
text: Harry signals an old man, PERCY, to start playing his guitar.
text: Percy starts to play but Hattie doesn't join him. He looks to
text: Harry for a sign of what to do. Hattie walks away.
text: Percy starts to SING by himself but someone puts a record on,
text: interrupting his singing. People are back to dancing.
text: A YOUNGER WOMAN is dancing with an OLDER MAN with such vigor,
text: forcing the old man to try to keep up, that people grow
text: concerned. People near him try to make him slow down but his
text: pride forces him to be ridiculous.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Linda sits with Sunny and Rhonda watching TV.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - NIGHT
text: The noise has gotten louder, everyone talking at the top of
text: his voice.
text: Gideon is busy going around to everyone seeing if everything
text: is okay. Gideon and Suzie have worked up a sweat trying to
dialog: attend to everyone's needs.
text: Linda rejoins the party. She moves through the crowd and sees
text: Babe Brother standing next to Harry. She is disappointed and
text: stays at a distance.
text: Harry is with a group of people. Marsh tries to get Harry's
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Harry, you will not remember me but
dialog: we go back quite a ways. I'm glad
dialog: Hattie told me that you will be
dialog: here 'cause there is a matter that
dialog: has been troubling me all these
dialog: years that maybe you can help me
dialog: clear it up.
text: Harry stares into Marsh's eyes, then looks him over from head
dialog: to toe.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Man, I can't talk to you now. I'm
dialog: filling in the gaps with these
dialog: folks.
text: Harry turns his back on Marsh. Marsh stands there looking at
text: Harry's profile. He turns and walks away.
text: The record ends. The Younger Woman and the Older Man wait for
dialog: the next record.
speaker_heading: YOUNGER WOMAN
dialog: How do you manage to keep in step
dialog: and move around so like one of them
dialog: young boys?
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: Get yourself a pace-maker like me.
text: Linda is standing by herself. She watches Babe Brother and
text: Harry walk towards the kitchen. Pat comes to talk to her.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: These old folks can dance better
dialog: than I can. Get rid of that long
dialog: face. Get one of these old farts to
dialog: show you how to do the Black
dialog: Bottom.
text: Okra, holding his camera, all of the attachments in one hand
text: and a glass in his other hand, tries to offer Hattie a drink.
speaker_heading: OKRA
dialog: Don't be so stand-offish.
text: Hattie pushes him away. The drink spills on him. She turns
text: and walks away. He follows her.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Marsh sits in a chair opposite Harry. Babe Brother stands
text: behind Harry. Harry, knowing that Marsh is going to bring up
dialog: unpleasant things of the past, feels the need to get rid of
dialog: Babe Brother.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Son, you haven't danced with your
dialog: wife all night.
text: Babe Brother is reluctant to leave, but Harry gives him a
text: nudge. He goes looking for Linda.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: There is something that I always
dialog: wanted to know. Tell me, how did
dialog: those boys die?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Now who are we talking about?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Miss Clara's boy, Emory, to start
dialog: with. The Johnson's Hocker was
dialog: another one...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Wasn't Hocker lynched?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: You know as well as I do that it
dialog: was made to look like he was
dialog: lynched. Now who would hang someone
dialog: from a persimmon tree?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What difference does it make if
dialog: it's persimmon, oak tree or
dialog: huckleberry bush?
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - NIGHT
text: Gideon, Babe Brother, and Linda go outside.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD - NIGHT
text: The sounds of the party drift out from the house as Gideon,
dialog: Linda and Babe Brother talk.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Tell me, how come me and Suzie have
dialog: to be mother and father to your
dialog: child? You never take the boy to
dialog: the park, circus or anything. If we
dialog: did not take him to church, he
dialog: wouldn't have any sense of
dialog: religion.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I think forcing him to go to church
dialog: when he really doesn't understand
text: is not saving his soul. When he
dialog: gets old enough to make up his own
dialog: mind about religion, that will be
dialog: better. It will be his intellectual
dialog: decision.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Is that the way your parents raised
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Why, you don't want us to bring him
dialog: over?
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: No, it's that when do you have time
dialog: to be parents to him? You guys
dialog: don't pick him up until nine, ten
dialog: at night. You are into yourselves,
dialog: as the saying goes. Spend some time
dialog: trying to be parents. Take him to
dialog: the mountains, fishing. You ought
dialog: to let him get to know nature.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Well, you are his grandfather. He
dialog: is supposed to spend some time with
dialog: you. You're supposed to show him
dialog: those woodsy things and this and
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
text: Junior spends time with his child.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Oh here we go with that.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - NIGHT
text: Okra is trying to get enough light for his old Polaroid
text: camera. M.C. takes a shade off a lamp and holds it next to
text: the Twins, nearly blinding them.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Hurry up and take this picture.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: If it wasn't for the NRA, colored
dialog: people would have been the lost
dialog: tribe.
speaker_heading: FLIM
dialog: Remember what they use to call the
dialog: NRA? Negro Raggedy-ass Army.
text: M.C. is still holding the naked lamp while Okra tries to take
dialog: pictures.
scene_heading: INT KITCHEN - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Hocker's death almost caused a race
dialog: riot. A lot of innocent people
dialog: could have been hurt behind that.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Strange as it may seem, it might
dialog: have cleared the waters. Sometimes
dialog: the right action comes from the
dialog: wrong reason.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD - NIGHT
text: Gideon, Babe Brother and Linda are just standing, facing one
text: another. Suzie comes out on the porch.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Do you want your coat? It's cold
dialog: out here.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: No, I'm too hot now.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You better be careful. You'll get a
text: stroke arguing.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I wouldn't care if I drop dead if
dialog: he learn something from it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Son, you make me wish I was dead.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Gideon, don't say things like that.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Why does he always pick on me?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: He is just being like all parents,
dialog: concerned about the ones they love.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I don't need that kind of love. And
dialog: I don't want to be reminded all the
dialog: time that Big Mama's grandmother
dialog: was born in slavery. If you really
dialog: care about me, just tell me how I
dialog: can make money.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Babe Brother, I'm going to take my
dialog: hand and hit you across your mouth.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: He doesn't mean what he says.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Let us go back in before the night
dialog: of celebration becomes a night of
dialog: me killing my son.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: No. Before anyone moves, you two
dialog: shake hands and don't carry it any
dialog: further.
text: Linda gives Babe Brother a jab with her elbow. His hand
text: reaches out to Gideon.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - NIGHT
text: M.C. and Herman put the unshaded lamps next to Hattie so okra
text: can get a better picture. Percy starts to play his guitar.
text: Herman stands behind Percy.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Don't make me say something nasty
dialog: now.
text: Percy starts to play an old religious number and Hattie
text: STARTS TO SING. Everything stops for a moment as her VOICE
text: fills the room.
text: Then most of the guests pick up and join in. M.C. moves the
text: lamp next to Percy so Okra can take his picture.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Marsh and Harry are getting quite loud in their argument. It
text: has become a kind of controlled anger.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I think if anybody had a hand in
dialog: killing Hocker, you ought to ask or
dialog: you should have asked Emory and
dialog: Chick.
speaker_heading: MARSH
text: Chick was outright killed by a mob.
dialog: He killed a white man that owed him
dialog: some money and when they caught up
text: with him, they tied him behind a
text: car and dragged him from out of the
text: hills back to town.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Those boys never did have good
dialog: luck.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: You damn right they didn't,
dialog: especially Emory, my cousin.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Emory had made a lot of enemies. He
dialog: had a big mouth.
text: M.C. and Okra come in wanting to take pictures. Marsh is
text: pretty mad about them intruding. M.C. sets the naked lamp in
text: front of Marsh, on the floor, almost between his legs.
text: Before Okra can get his camera set to shoot, Marsh leaves.
text: Harry smiles as if he had won a major victory. Herman flops
text: down in the empty chair and starts to COUGH.
text: Suddenly Suzie and Gideon burst into the kitchen holding up
text: one of the twins, Loviray. They carry the twin towards
text: Herman's seat. Herman is slow to react. Herman gets up very
text: slow. Finally, they are able to seat the twin.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: What's the problem here?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
text: She has a fish bone caught in her
dialog: throat. Could all of you go in the
dialog: other room? Gideon, get some bread
dialog: and toast it quickly and find me
text: the cod liver oil.
text: The twin is holding her throat and PANTING like a fish out of
text: water. She is in a lot of pain. William, the twin brother, is
text: standing at the door with a tragic face.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Gideon is trying to get out of bed. He sits on the side of
text: the bed and starts to COUGH.
scene_heading: INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Harry has his back to the camera, sitting in a chair facing a
text: wall. He is naked from the waist up. An empty plate is placed
text: not too far from where he is sitting. He is cutting an apple.
text: He licks the blade of his knife.
scene_heading: INT. BABE BROTHER'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Babe Brother is asleep. Linda is dressed to go to work. She
text: throws his suit on the foot of the bed.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Are you going to work or sleep all
dialog: day?
text: He snores louder. She opens the window and pulls back the
text: cover. The cold air makes him draw up. On walking out, Linda
text: says in a rather hurt voice:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Remember, you promised to take
dialog: Sunny to Magic Mountain today.
text: Babe Brother slowly gets up holding his chest as if his heart
text: is bothering him.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Gideon tries to put his pants on. He is too weak and sits
text: back on the bed with his pants only up as far as his knees.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MORNING
text: Suzie gets up to turn off the coffee kettle. When the kettle
text: WHISTLE dies away, the sound of Gideon's VOICE is heard
text: calling Suzie for help. The sound of his voice frightens her.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: Suzie bursts into the room and then moves very slowly to
text: Gideon, who is sitting on the bed out of breath.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I'm worn out.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Just stay in bed and rest.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I have to feed the chickens before
dialog: they wake everybody up.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You stay inside. I will see to
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I will appreciate that.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - EVENING
text: Suzie and Junior are sitting at the dining room table. Harry,
text: looking like he has just gotten out of bed, drags himself in.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How is everybody?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Tolerable well.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: How did you sleep last night?
text: There is obvious hostility in Junior's tone. Harry senses
text: Junior's hostility and chooses to ignore it.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Ah, you young folks don't know how
dialog: it is. How is Gideon today?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
text: He wasn't able to get out of bed
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I hope that it's nothing serious.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: He has never gotten rid of the
dialog: malaria. He is usually up and at it
dialog: the next day. I'm going to make him
text: fresh chicken broth.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Let me earn my keep. I'll go out
dialog: and get a hen and have it picked
dialog: and ready for the pot. Try to make
dialog: him some cow tea next time.
text: Junior stares at Harry. Harry returns Junior's stare and
text: Junior finds himself embarrassed. Junior looks down at his
text: pants leg and attempts to fix the crease in his pants by
text: making a wedge with his fingers and running his fingers along
dialog: the old crease.
text: As Harry walks towards the back door, he looks back at
dialog: Junior.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - EVENING
text: The pigeons take to the air like an explosion. The chickens
text: start to CACKLE and run about as Harry reaches for one with
text: his cane. The SOUND of the boy next door practicing with his
text: trumpet adds to the bedlam.
text: Suzie is standing on the steps, shouting to Harry. The noise
text: of the panicked chickens and the boy playing the trumpet next
text: door drown out Suzie's voice. Not getting Harry's attention,
text: she hurries down the steps.
text: Harry has caught a hen that is SCREAMING her head off. He
text: looks around and finds Suzie hurrying towards him.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Can you watch Gideon for a while?
text: One of the girls is going into
dialog: labor. Junior is going to drive me
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You just run along. I'll fix him
dialog: his soup. He will be all right.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT
text: Suzie and another woman who will be helping her are asleep.
text: Suzie is in the chair and the woman is asleep on the floor.
text: The woman who is in labor is reading a magazine and seems
text: somewhat bored.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Harry opens the door and slowly walks in. Gideon is asleep.
text: Harry picks up Gideon's pants from the back of the chair.
text: Gideon's false teeth fall to the floor.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT
text: There is a flurry of activity; the woman is contracting.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MORNING
text: The untouched chicken broth sits on the night stand. Gideon
text: is TALKING in his sleep. Morning light filters through the
text: window shade. The room takes on a brownish tint. Gideon has
text: dark rings under his eyes and looks like he has aged
dialog: considerably.
scene_heading: INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Harry is reading the Bible. He runs his finger over the print
text: of the Bible. After reading the passage, he stares at the
text: empty plate on the floor for what seems like a long time. He
text: claps the Bible shut, causing a loud NOISE to ECHO through
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF HOUSE - MORNING
text: Suzie is walking slowly up the steps.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Suzie raises the window shade and is shocked to see the state
dialog: that Gideon is in.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Oh my Lord!
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: The room is crowded with people. Suzie is putting Gideon's
text: shirt on. Harry is leaning against the door. After having put
text: his shirt on, Suzie puts his house shoes on and directs Babe
text: Brother and Junior to hold him up while she tucks his shirt
text: in and puts on his suspenders.
text: It takes almost everyone to hoist Gideon. Linda and Pat push
text: the bed and night-stand out of the way as Babe Brother and
text: Junior struggle to lift Gideon. They almost stumble at the
text: door. Harry is left standing in the room alone.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - DAY
text: Harry, Okra and Herman are trying to catch another chicken.
text: Herman is COUGHING badly and Okra is out of breath.
speaker_heading: OKRA
dialog: You think old Gideon is going to
dialog: live to see this month out?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: When I came upon the valley of
dialog: bones, the serpent said, "Make this
dialog: your home. Dry as my soul be,
dialog: heaven is lost to thee." We all got
dialog: to make way.
text: Harry puts the rooster face to the ground and draws a
text: straight line. Harry lets the rooster go, but the rooster
text: stays motionless, unable to move.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: A chicken hates to see the preacher
text: coming to dinner.
text: Herman hands Harry the ax. Harry is poised over the chicken
text: with the ax, appreciating the moment. Harry raises the ax.
text: The SOUND of Rodney starting to practice his trumpet brings
text: the rooster out of the trance.
text: Before Harry can react, the rooster jumps away.
speaker_heading: OKRA
dialog: Herman, you will have to catch the
dialog: next one 'cause I'm out of breath.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: If I have to chase after one, we
dialog: won't eat.
text: A sack drops over the fence. Okra limps over to see what is
text: in the bag. He uses a stick to open the bag. He doesn't like
text: what he sees and throws the bag back over the fence.
scene_heading: INT. VETERAN'S HOSPITAL, WARD - DAY
text: Suzie, Junior and Pat are standing around Gideon's bed. He is
text: in a room full of old veterans who are apparently nearing the
dialog: end.
text: Two old veterans, one white and the other black, sitting
text: opposite each other wearing medals, sit in silence staring
text: into each other's eyes.
text: A nurse empties an old man's urine bag. The old man doesn't
text: show any embarrassment about his predicament. Gideon looks at
dialog: how the patients are treated.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I don't want to stay here.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where is Babe Brother?
scene_heading: INT. HERMAN'S ONE ROOM HOUSE - DAY
text: M.C. is sitting on the bed, reading the job section of the
text: paper. Herman is putting Vicks Vapo-Rub in a bowl of boiling
text: water. He covers his head over the bowl with a towel. Okra is
text: sitting at the table examining his gun. He points it at the
text: floor, seeing if the sight is straight.
text: Harry is sitting at the table with Babe Brother. Harry is
text: showing him how to cheat at cards.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Never play with someone's else's
dialog: cards. You always get a new deck.
dialog: Look at this card. See anything?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: It is just a regular card.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Son, I can take everything you got
dialog: with that deck. It is marked. Now
dialog: I'm going to show you how to make
dialog: some money in case you get stuck
dialog: somewhere.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - NIGHT
text: A moth flies around the light casting a shadow that floats
text: over everything. Suzie turns out the kitchen light and then
text: turns out the dining-room light. She goes to her room and
text: closes the door, leaving the room dark. A car headlight
text: passing outside casts a moving pattern that moves along the
dialog: wall.
text: The light reveals Harry's presence standing in the hall
dialog: doorway.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Gideon is being helped up the steps by his sons.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
text: Suzie is holding the door open while Gideon is carried in by
text: Junior and Babe Brother. Gideon is led to a chair. He still
dialog: looks awful.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Doesn't he look a whole of lot
dialog: better?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Well, you look better than you did
dialog: yesterday.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Next time, I don't care how sick
dialog: I'll be, don't take me back to the
dialog: Veteran's Hospital.
text: Harry comes out of the bathroom, having just taken a bath.
text: Harry seems delighted to see Gideon again.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Boy, I thought you were about to
dialog: cross the river.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I tell you, I feel like a ghost.
text: Harry signals Babe Brother to come over to him.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Son, would you do me a favor and
dialog: see if you could turn off that tap
dialog: in the bathroom. My hand is too
dialog: weak. And would you do me another
dialog: favor? I don't like asking this but
dialog: would you clean the tub for me? I
text: have trouble bending over.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Anytime you need someone to do
dialog: something for you, just let me
dialog: know.
text: Harry flops down on the couch. Suzie sets a cup of coffee on
text: the table for Gideon. Harry looks up from sharpening his
text: knife on a hand sharpening stone. He spits on it.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That smells like fresh coffee.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Let me get you a cup?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Only if you can spare it.
text: Junior stands over Harry's shoulder looking at him sharpening
text: his knife. Harry feels uncomfortable with Junior standing
text: behind him. Harry looks up at him.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Son, would you get me an old piece
dialog: of newspaper?
text: Suzie sets a cup of coffee in front of Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Lord if you ain't an angel.
text: Junior hands Harry the newspaper. Harry puts the paper under
text: his foot and trims his toenails with it. Harry is aware of
text: Junior standing over him.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: I will leave you something in my
dialog: will.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY
text: Junior looks in but Babe Brother is too busy trying to clean
text: the bathtub to notice anyone. Babe Brother complains to
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: What in the hell...
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
text: Gideon and Suzie are in silhouette against the window.
text: The SOUND of the boy trying to play his horn next door
text: startles Gideon. Gideon turns to look out of the window
text: towards Mrs. Baker's house.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: It's good to be able to hear that.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You must have been really sick.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: How is the garden doing?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I need to get out there and get
dialog: those weeds out.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: How is that hen doing? I was
dialog: meaning to pip her before I fell
dialog: sick.
text: He takes a deep breath and blows it out.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to lie down. Take my,
dialog: hand and help me up, lest I fall.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: Suzie helps Gideon to undress. Gideon loses hit balance but
text: catches himself on the side of the bed.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Oh, I couldn't have last another
dialog: day in that hospital. You get weary
text: being in the old soldiers home, old
text: soldiers and war stories. They wait
dialog: to tell you their last story; the
text: next morning the nurse pulls a
text: sheet over their face.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, JUNIOR'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Junior is putting up a new light fixture. Pat hands him a
text: tool. Rhonda is washing dishes in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: He just leeches off your parents.
dialog: He is a master at wearing out
dialog: welcome.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Harry is the kind of guy you would
dialog: love to take out in the woods and
text: leave under a rock.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Where does her get the power to
dialog: summon all his old raffish friends?
text: They all smell of moth balls.
text: Junior slips on the ladder and the wires touch. There is a
text: big spark. All the lights in the house go out.
scene_heading: INT. BABE BROTHER'S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Linda is standing over the stove, sweating as she stirs a hot
text: pot of boiling soup.
text: Babe Brother and Harry are seated at the table playing cards.
text: Sunny is on the floor near his mother. Every time she move,
text: he follows her. Harry notices Sunny has his shoes on the
text: wrong foot and adds in a sarcastic way:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How old is that boy?
text: Babe Brother looks at Sunny's shoe.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Linda, how come you don't see that
dialog: Sunny puts his shoes on right?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Why in the h...
text: Close to tears, she turns and with exaggerated care, puts the
text: spoon down and gently puts Sunny in a chair. She starts to
text: untie his shoes. Sunny stares at her while she keeps wiping
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Let's give Dry Bones a call to see
dialog: if he is coming or not. Okra likes
dialog: to exaggerate, keep you waiting all
dialog: night.
text: Harry slowly gets to his feet and goes in the other room to
text: use the phone. Linda watches him go. She is deep in thought.
text: Babe Brother, attempting to cut the roast before it is ready,
text: is pushed aside by Linda, who is almost out of control with
dialog: rage.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Why don't you wait?
text: Babe Brother, attempting to forcibly cut a piece of roast,
text: slings Linda's arm away. His hand accidentally hits her in
dialog: the eye.
text: Linda grabs the fork, poised to strike, but gains control of
text: herself She looks like a person who is on the verge of having
text: a breakdown. She goes back to putting the shoes on Sunny.
text: Babe Brother, feeling sorry, doesn't know what to do. He
text: automatically picks up the fork and washes it off. Linda
text: picks up Sunny.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - BABE BROTHER'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Linda is standing at the door, with a red eye, welcoming
text: Harry's friends, which seem to be a long line of sickly
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Linda is busy serving everyone, running in and out of the
text: kitchen bringing more things, and removing used plates, etc.
text: Linda's eye is swollen and discolored. The guests look at
text: Linda's eye and then cast a naughty-boy glance at Babe
dialog: Brother.
text: Linda stops serving to pay attention to an elderly man, who
text: deliberately bends one of her spoons. She catches another man
text: putting a fork in his pocket and an elderly lady putting a
text: cigarette out in one of her plates.
text: As she is about to confront the man about pocketing her
text: spoon, a peal of LAUGHTER forces her to turn around only to
text: witness a lady knocking over a glass filled with a green
text: drink with her elbow. The stain spreads across the table
text: cloth in an even manner like a single wave. She watches it
text: move from one end of the table to the other.
text: Harry is seated in the middle. The composition hints at The
dialog: Last Supper.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Linda is reading a book to Sunny, who has his coffee can of
text: marbles emptied on the bed. The NOISE from the party in the
text: next room is clearly heard. Every time she hears something
text: CRASHING to the floor, she wrenches. Babe Brother comes in
text: and stands in the doorway. Linda's eye is still swollen.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I'm okay. Go back to your friends.
text: Babe Brother closes the door and leaves Linda reading stories
text: of Brer Rabbit to Sunny. She stops reading to look at him
text: playing marbles on the bed. She smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. GIDEON'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Five weighty Women, dressed in church robes, and the Preacher
text: walk up Gideon's steps.
text: Suzie invites the church members in.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: Sister, we've come to see how you
dialog: were doing. We came to ask if we
dialog: could pray over Gideon.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Gideon is asleep. The church members gather around his bed.
text: The Preacher puts his hand on the foot of the bed and
text: discovers that there is something strange under the covers.
text: Suzie looks at him and lifts the covers at the foot of the
text: bed. Gideon's feet are resting on dead leaves.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I put some Plummer Christian Leaves
text: under his feet to draw the fever
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: What else have you been giving him?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I crossed his stomach with cold oil
dialog: and gave him some cow tea.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: Suzie, I would think you would
dialog: depend on prayer rather than these
dialog: old fashion remedies. Let us read
dialog: from the Bible.
text: The Preacher opens his Bible and reads silently. The choir
text: HUMS and begin to sway. Gideon's SNORING is very competitive.
text: The choir becomes louder. Gideon starts to TALK in his sleep.
text: Suzie is alarmed.
text: CLOSE UP GIDEON'S EAR.
text: THE SOUND OF A TRAIN WHISTLE IS HEARD.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PHOTO STUDIO, 1930 - DAY (DREAM EFX)
text: A lady steps upon the stage which has different backdrops.
text: She is the same lady in a photo that Gideon has hanging in
text: one of the kid's rooms. The photographer, who is off-screen,
text: asks about the background.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (O.S.)
dialog: What scene would you like in the
dialog: background?
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: Something pleasant.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (O.S.)
dialog: We have plantations.
text: The woman shakes her head.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Natchez, cotton fields, Harlem,
text: sunflowers, the Mississippi River.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: Put the river behind me.
text: A large picture of the Mississippi appears behind the lady.
text: It changes from a painted backdrop to a moving picture. There
text: is a storm developing off in the distance. The SOUND of
text: thunder is heard. The picture in the background then changes
text: to a boy on a mule.
scene_heading: EXT. WET DIRT ROAD - DAY (RAINING) (DREAM EFX)
text: The boy on the gray mule doesn't have a shirt on. A light
text: mist like rain covers him. Gideon walks along the picket
text: fence towards the boy on the mule.
text: Ahead of Gideon seems to be a puddle but as he approaches, he
text: discovers that it is an abyss. The boy and the mule on the
text: other side fade away. Everything FADES TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: The Preacher turns a page in the Bible. Gideon has his mouth
text: open like a fish trying to get air. The Choir continues to
text: SING. The Preacher gets down on his knees and holds Gideon's
text: hand; he bows his head. The Choir stops singing. The Bessie
text: Smith recording of "Muddy Water" is coming from somewhere in
text: the house. The Preacher looks around. Suzie is more puzzled.
text: She goes to find where the music is coming from.
scene_heading: INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Suzie knocks on the door. No one answers. She peeps in. No
text: one is in the room.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S BEDROOM
text: The Preacher and the choir all have their hands on Gideon.
text: Suzie enters the room.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I don't know where that music is
dialog: coming from.
scene_heading: INT. JUNIOR'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Junior and Pat are helping Linda carry her baggage inside as
text: Sunny reluctantly follows. It is obvious that Linda has left
dialog: Babe Brother.
speaker_heading: SUNNY
dialog: I want my daddy.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Boy, hush that noise and get in
dialog: this house. Make haste.
speaker_heading: SUNNY
dialog: I want my daddy; I told you.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Rhonda, drag him in here. If you be
dialog: nice, I will take you to
dialog: Disneyland.
text: Pat, Linda and Junior put the suitcases down.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Now you don't have to say anything
dialog: if you don't want to.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I want to hear what happened. My
dialog: brother is a jackass and a damn
dialog: fool. The both of you have been as
text: scarce as hen's teeth.
text: Linda looks down, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: PAT
text: Rhonda, take Sunny in the backyard.
dialog: Take a bowl so you can pick some
dialog: strawberries. Sunny will enjoy it.
text: Rhonda and Sunny leave. Pat turns on Junior about talking bad
text: about Babe Brother and Linda in front of Sunny.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: You shouldn't talk about the boy's
text: father in front of him. This is
dialog: family business and we have to pull
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
text: Whether the boy hears it or not,
text: the man is still a jackass.
dialog: Everyone should have some mother
dialog: wit.
speaker_heading: LINDA
text: Something just took control of him.
dialog: He stays out all night and comes
text: home with a pocket full of money.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: It's probably Harry, but I hate to
dialog: mention his name, because every
dialog: time we say something about him
dialog: something bad happens.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - DAY
text: Rhonda and Sunny are looking under a strawberry plant. Sunny
text: has strawberry stains around his mouth and on his shirt.
text: Rhonda is putting her strawberries in the bowl. After getting
text: a bowl full, they lay on the grass, eating strawberries while
text: looking up at the clouds slowly drifting by.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: Babe Brother is driving along a country road while Harry,
text: sitting in the front seat next to him, yawns. Harry is tired.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Let us walk awhile. I grow weary
dialog: when I sit still too long.
text: Babe Brother's car stops in an orchard-like area.
scene_heading: EXT. ORCHARD - DAY
text: Babe Brother and Harry get out of the car. They walk on a
text: path that takes them under low hanging tree limbs. It gets
text: darker as they go deeper into the orchard. Babe Brother finds
text: the going rough and loses his footing.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Give me your arm lest you fall.
text: Harry has to help him stay on his feet. Babe Brother finds it
text: necessary to take Harry's arm. Babe Brother stops and Harry
text: walks a few more steps ahead and waits for Babe Brother. Just
text: ahead sitting on a branch is a huge white owl camouflaged by
text: tree branches.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I could swear I heard my son call
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You probably heard the wind
dialog: stirring up those dead leaves over
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
text: I heard his voice as clear as day.
dialog: I better get back. Maybe something
dialog: is wrong.
text: Babe Brother turns and starts hurrying back before Harry can
text: object. He walks slowly after Babe Brother who is doubling
text: the distance between himself and Harry as he runs through the
text: orchard to his car. Harry stops and looks around.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
text: Pat, Linda and Junior are seated at the table. The suitcases
text: are in the middle of the floor.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I told Babe Brother that if Harry
dialog: sets foot in our house again, I'm
dialog: taking Sunny and leaving. Just as I
dialog: said that, here come Harry and his
text: old resurrected friends, hobbling
text: up the steps.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Is that how you got that black eye?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Don't ask that.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: No, this was an accident.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: It was unintentional.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Babe Brother reminds me of the
dialog: story of the man who wanted to be
dialog: sizable. He wanted to be tall but
dialog: what he was really short on was
dialog: brains. There was a time when
dialog: people had moon fever were treated
dialog: with leeches.
text: The phone rings and Junior goes to pick it up. Linda's and
text: Pat's attention is focused on the phone. Junior hands the
dialog: phone to Linda.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (CONT'D)
dialog: It's that nut of yours.
text: Linda hesitates but Pat takes the phone from Junior and puts
text: it in her hand.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What do you want?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No. Nothing happened to him.
text: Sunny and Rhonda enter. Linda turns to look. Sunny's hands
text: and face look bloody from eating strawberries. She puts the
text: phone down and examines his dirty face. Pat brings Linda a
text: wet towel.
scene_heading: INT. THE BAKERS' GARAGE - NIGHT
text: MR. BAKER, a well built black man in his late 40's, is making
text: a new fishing pole. He is very involved. Mrs. Baker is
text: standing beside him with her arms folded. She stares at him.
text: Mr. Baker glances at her.
speaker_heading: MR. BAKER
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MRS. BAKER
dialog: Counting the gray hairs in your
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: MR. BAKER
dialog: Counting the what? What does that
dialog: have to do with the price of
dialog: butter?
speaker_heading: MRS. BAKER
dialog: I was just trying to make
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: MR. BAKER
dialog: Where is Skip?
speaker_heading: MRS. BAKER
text: He is in his pigeon cage.
speaker_heading: MR. BAKER
dialog: I'm sorry he got those birds.
speaker_heading: MRS. BAKER
dialog: You know the man next door is near
dialog: death.
text: Mr. Baker doesn't answer. He pauses for a moment of thought.
text: Mrs. Baker sees that she is not going to get a response from
text: her husband. She picks up an eyelet and Mr. Baker looks at
dialog: her as if to say, keep your hands off. She gets the message
text: and lays the eyelet back on the work bench.
speaker_heading: MRS. BAKER (CONT'D)
dialog: He must have gotten rid of those
dialog: chickens. You don't hear them
dialog: crowing anymore... I kind of miss
dialog: it now.
text: Mr. Baker admires his pole. He looks very closely at the
dialog: details of his work.
text: Rodney comes in, polishing his horn. Mr. Baker's expression
text: changes as he watches Rodney out of the corner of his eye.
text: Mrs. Baker gives Rodney a motherly pat on the head. Rodney
text: puts the trumpet to his mouth.
speaker_heading: MR. BAKER
dialog: Don't blow that thing in here. You
dialog: blow that thing when I'm at work.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: There is a man lying on a bus bench with his belongings. A
text: spotted dog is standing guard next to the bench. The dog's
text: reflection is caught in a puddle of water. The dog has
text: circles and sixes painted over his body.
text: Old John taps on the bench with his pipe. The man lying on
text: the bench stirs and gives Old John a wave to indicate that he
text: is alright. Old John slowly gets his cart moving again.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNIOR'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Babe Brother drives around the block past Junior's house.
scene_heading: INT. JUNIOR'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Junior is at the window, looking out.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Why doesn't he just park his car
dialog: and come in and apologize?
scene_heading: EXT. JUNIOR'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Babe Brother sits in his car with the windows up. Junior
text: tries to talk to him but Babe Brother will not roll down the
text: windows. He just stares at Junior, who is getting angry.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Roll down the window and let me
dialog: talk to you.
text: Babe Brother only stares at him. Junior gets more violent and
text: starts to shake the car.
text: Pat calls from the doorway.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Stop it Junior!
scene_heading: INT. PREGNANT WOMAN'S ROOM - DAY
text: A woman is in a squatting position. Suzie and her aide are
text: holding the woman by the arms.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNIOR'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Rhonda is painting her fingernails. Sunny watches her. She
text: looks around to see if any adult is watching. She tries to
text: talk Sunny into letting her paint his nails. He refuses but
text: she tries to pull his hand towards her. He fights his way
text: free and stands up and kicks the bottle of nail polish over.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Mama, come see what Sunny did.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Suzie is sitting in a chair; her head is bent forward. Gideon
text: is TALKING in his sleep. She awakes and nods off again. Harry
text: sticks his head in.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How is he doing?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: As long as he keeps his throat
text: clear, he is able to get some rest.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I made a fresh pot of coffee. Okra
dialog: and I thought you need a rest. I'll
text: stand guard. Okra wants to talk to
dialog: you anyway.
text: Harry helps Suzie to her feet.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Okra is painfully standing on his bad feet. He is in his
text: security-guard uniform, holding a bouquet of greens. As Suzie
text: comes in, Okra tries to stand upright at attention.
speaker_heading: OKRA
dialog: I brought you these greens and some
dialog: salt meat.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: That is very thoughtful of you. I
dialog: haven't had time to tend to my
dialog: garden like I should.
text: Suzie takes the greens and puts them on the counter. She
text: squeezes Okra's hand as a thank you. She pours him a cup of
text: coffee. Okra eases down into the chair. He crosses his legs
text: and starts massaging his feet.
text: Suzie get herself a cup of coffee and sits opposite him. She
text: stretches and tries to hold back a yawn. Okra looks at her in
text: a slightly desirous way.
speaker_heading: OKRA
dialog: You know Gideon and I are lodge
dialog: brothers and it has always been a
dialog: policy to take care of the wives if
dialog: something happens to our brother.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You are very sweet, but Gideon has
dialog: already taken care of everything in
dialog: case something happens to him. He
dialog: has a policy.
speaker_heading: OKRA
dialog: If you become a widow, you will
dialog: need someone around to fix the
dialog: whatnots. We like for the widow to
dialog: marry someone in the lodge. I know
dialog: Gideon ain't gone yet, but there
dialog: will be a lot of his old friends
dialog: coming around to get in line. I
dialog: just want you to consider this as a
dialog: kind of a conditional proposal, to
dialog: be first in line so to speak.
text: Suzie keeps herself under control; she tries to find words to
text: say. She stands up.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Excuse me. I have to go feed my
dialog: dog.
text: She turns the fire out from under the coffee pot and exits
text: the back door.
text: Okra unties his shoes and begins to massage his feet.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM / EXT. YARD - NIGHT
text: Harry is sitting by the bed, just visible through the window.
text: He seems restless.
scene_heading: EXT. GIDEON'S BACKYARD - DAY
text: There is only one hen left in the coop. The garden is full of
text: weeds. The sunflowers are bent by the force of the wind. A
text: bag is thrown over the fence.
text: The shadows of pigeons flying overhead race along the ground.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Two shadows on the wall are facing each other. The shadows
text: are the heads of two women, Suzie and Hattie.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: You know Harry lied about how that
dialog: boy Hocker got kilt. And it was
dialog: Harry who saw Emory last before
text: they found him hanging over a levee
dialog: like someone would hang a hog.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I remember Harry always trying to
dialog: help someone. He got Lulla's
dialog: daughter out of trouble. He was
dialog: always running to the store for
dialog: someone who couldn't leave the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Harry always shows his good side
dialog: and, like the moon, the other side
dialog: is black. Back home he always did
dialog: try to act like the colored
dialog: gentleman. I'm telling you Harry is
dialog: nothing but evil. I'm warning you --
dialog: you can't keep a wild animal as a
dialog: pet around children.
scene_heading: INT. HARRY'S ROOM - DAY
text: Harry has a plate of food in his hand. He stands facing
text: himself in the mirror, staring at himself while he eats. He
text: opens the door to leave but Sunny is in the hallway with his
text: back turned sweeping. Harry stares at him and decides to go
text: back in his room.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You know Okra asked me to marry him
dialog: the other evening.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Rush your mouth, girl. No, he
dialog: didn't. He cannot be that big of a
dialog: damn fool.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I asked Harry about it. He didn't
dialog: own up to it. He said he didn't
dialog: know what got into Okra.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: He's just raffish. Harry put him up
dialog: to it. Before evening sun sets, I
dialog: would have his belongings back on
dialog: Route 55, that old fox.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I can't accuse him just dry long
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Everybody who have been associated
text: with Harry end up with pennies over
dialog: their eyes.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: What must I do?
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: If it was left up to me, I would
dialog: poison him.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Harry sees that it is safe to leave. He sees Sunny sweeping
text: in Gideon's room. Gideon is sound asleep. Sunny is sweeping
text: around the bed.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Harry comes in and Hattie and Suzie stop talking. Harry is
text: aware that he was the subject. The SOUND of the boy next door
text: playing his horn is heard.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Good afternoon, ladies.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Good afternoon to you.
text: Harry waits for Hattie to respond but it is obvious that
text: Hattie isn't about to speak to him.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: I'm going to check on Gideon.
text: Harry moves out of her way to let her go by. Hattie doesn't
text: even give him a glance. Harry continues to look at her as she
text: disappears into Gideon's room.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: As God is my witness, I have never
dialog: done anything to that woman.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You must have done something to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: Since she has repented, all she
dialog: does is throw stones.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
text: Hattie is a different person now.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I don't make no bones about where
dialog: I'm going to spend eternity. I have
dialog: always been wild and you know that.
dialog: If you are made to feel half a man,
dialog: what do you think the other half
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I'm glad you brought that up as to
dialog: who you are. I have to know who is
dialog: in my house.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You invited me.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Only if you are a good man, a
dialog: friend. Are you a friend?
text: Harry takes his time in looking for an answer.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Like that boy next door playing
dialog: that his horn. If he was a friend,
dialog: he would stop irritating people,
dialog: but if he stops practicing, he
dialog: wouldn't be perfect in what he does
dialog: someday.
scene_heading: INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Hattie enters Harry's room. She goes through his things. She
text: reads one of his letters. As she walks over to the window
text: reading his letter, she steps on the plate, cracking it.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I want you to leave.
text: Harry looks sad and suddenly a lot older as if what she said
dialog: has taken away some of his life.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Okra, M.C. and Herman want to go
dialog: back home with me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Suzie, I'm not a bad fellow; I just
dialog: like to have a good time.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: M.C. is coming by to pick me up
dialog: tonight. I'll come back to get my
dialog: things. Well, I hope Gideon
dialog: recovers. You know I have an extra
dialog: picture of one of my sons that I
dialog: would like for you to put with
dialog: those baby pictures over your
dialog: dresser. It's better than being in
dialog: my dusty wallet with addresses and
dialog: names of people who are no longer
dialog: on this earth.
text: Suzie takes the picture. She seems as if she has doubts about
dialog: having asked Harry to leave.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll say my so-longs to Gideon
dialog: before I leave and I truly wish
dialog: that he will get well.
text: Suzie continues to look at the picture.
scene_heading: INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Hattie is reading Harry's letters when he appears behind her.
text: Hattie turns but is not surprised or concerned about Harry.
text: She hands him back his letters, looks at him for a moment and
text: goes. Harry looks down at the cracked dish.
scene_heading: INT. HERMAN'S HOUSE - EVENING (RAIN)
text: M.C. and Herman are packing. Okra is all dressed up with a
text: pair of Stacy Adams shoes that make his feet look
text: exaggeratedly long. Babe Brother and Harry are sitting at a
text: table playing blackjack. Okra picks up one thing at a time,
text: making the packing much harder. There is a stack of old dusty
text: 78 record; Okra, trying to step over the records, kicks over
text: a box of mothballs that roll across the floor. Okra has to
text: step over boxes of toilet paper.
speaker_heading: OKRA
dialog: Why did you buy so much toilet
dialog: paper?
dialog: M.C.
dialog: I got that on the job when I was a
dialog: janitor. They didn't pay me.
text: Harry picks up an old cigar box that falls opens. Dice,
text: shotgun shells, some spent .38 slugs and an old rusty knife,
text: a crab apple switch, land on the floor. Harry picks up the
dialog: knife.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Whose old piece of knife is this?
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: That was my brother's knife.
text: Harry gives the knife to Babe Brother and signals him to put
text: it in his pocket.
text: The SOUND of the thunder has an unreal violence to it.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I don't want to wear out welcome,
dialog: but you can stay in someone's heart
dialog: longer than you can stay in their
dialog: house. Come with us, boy. We are
dialog: going to have a good time.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: This would be a bad time for me to
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We are going where the action is.
dialog: Ain't that right, Okra?
dialog: (then back to Babe
dialog: Brother)
dialog: Let's play for a couple of bucks
dialog: unless you want to start off with
text: two bits and work our way up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What would you give to be rich?
text: Babe Brother humps his shoulder. Babe Brother looks at his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Had Moms and Pops given me my share
dialog: of what was mine, I could have been
dialog: rich by now. Linda and I had it all
dialog: worked out.
text: Harry wins the first hand.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I know your mind is on your wife
dialog: but you should never treat a woman
dialog: as an equal. You want to get your
dialog: wife back, get another woman, one
dialog: of those big hip women that will
dialog: ride you till you sweat.
text: Harry wins another hand. M.C. and Okra are still packing
text: while Herman is eating Argo Starch.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Double the stakes?
text: Babe Brother agrees but his thoughts are obviously somewhere
text: else. Harry studies his hand and looks at Babe Brother; he
text: puts down his hand. Babe Brother wins and is quite pleased.
text: The next series of hands are won by Babe Brother.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: M.C., you ever heard of a real man
dialog: having one woman?
dialog: M.C.
dialog: No, lord!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: When one woman puts you out, you
dialog: have another to take you in. You
dialog: don't drive around without a spare
dialog: tire, do you? The more mules you
dialog: have hitched, the easier it is to
dialog: plough.
text: Harry loses another hand and Babe Brother suddenly has a pile
dialog: of money.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Herman, let me borrow a few bucks.
text: Herman stand over him with a roll of bills and peels off
dialog: several.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Bless you. Bless you.
text: Herman is standing behind Babe Brother, SINGING to himself.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
text: In the ground there is a hole and
text: green grass growing around the
text: hole. Now in the hole there is tree
text: and green grass growing all around
text: the tree. Now there is a hole in
text: the ground, a tree in the hole and
text: green grass growing around the
dialog: hole.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Let me share something with you.
text: Harry stops and thinks for a while.
speaker_heading: HARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hattie is a snake. That woman broke
dialog: up so many homes and caused a lot
dialog: of misery and because she calls
dialog: herself getting religion everything
dialog: is put right.
text: Okra is taking several shotguns out of the closet.
speaker_heading: OKRA
dialog: These damn things are unloaded,
dialog: ain't they?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: It's important to know the
dialog: difference between the incoming
text: fire and the outgoing fire. As Amos
dialog: and Andy might say, "We is the
dialog: outgoing fire." Come with us, son.
dialog: We'll show you some steaming hot
text: juke joints, steaming hot women.
dialog: M.C.
text: A pot full of chitlins and a good
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Let me go by the house first.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We will wait for you as long as we
dialog: can. I got to get my things from
dialog: your mother's house.
text: Babe Brother hurries out. M.C., Herman and Okra flop down in
text: chairs and on the bed and look at their watches.
text: Harry sits at the table tapping out a rhythm on the table and
text: WHISTLING very softly to himself. Suddenly Harry sees that
text: Babe Brother left the pile of money on the table. A look of
text: concern comes over his face.
scene_heading: EXT. GIDEON'S HOUSE - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: It is raining hard. Babe Brother gets out of the car. Running
text: to get out of the rain, he slips and falls; he tries to get
text: up but slips and falls again. He gets up and walks slowly up
text: the steps as if he doesn't care whether he gets wet or not.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Suzie helps him to take his wet coat off. She goes into the
text: kitchen, puts his coat in front of the stove. The knife falls
text: out. She picks it up and looks at it like she would throw it
text: away but Babe Brother takes it.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I need to get my suitcase out of
dialog: the garage.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I'm going back home with Harry.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I've heard some foolish things in
dialog: my life.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Harry is coming to pick me up.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Have you lost your mind? Have you
dialog: thought about your wife and child,
dialog: not to mention your sick father?
dialog: And I need your help to move his
text: bed from under the leak in the
dialog: ceiling.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I'm busy.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Don't make me raise my hand to you.
dialog: You have to see for yourself that
dialog: you are going in the wrong
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Can't I be myself without you
dialog: jumping in with your right and
dialog: wrong? The world is not black and
dialog: white. Show me one perfect person.
dialog: If you can't, don't ask me to be.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I do have a right to ask you to be
dialog: a little bit better than me and
dialog: your father because we gave you a
dialog: better head start. You have no
dialog: right to complain to us about your
dialog: not having enough.
dialog: (forcefully)
dialog: You sit right there with your no
dialog: manners self.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Junior is carrying a roll of roofing paper. Pat, Rhonda,
text: Linda and Sunny run to the porch to get out of the rain.
text: Junior stacks the roofing paper in the corner of the porch
text: and stamps the mud off his shoes.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Junior, Pat, Linda and Rhonda come in to help Suzie move the
text: bed from under the rain dripping through the hole in the
dialog: ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Sunny stands in the doorway watching his father sharpen his
text: knife that he got from Harry. Babe Brother is unaware that
text: his son is watching him.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT (RAIN)
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Where is Babe Brother?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
text: Brother is in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: How come you didn't ask Babe
dialog: Brother to help you?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: He said he was busy. He is mad
dialog: 'cause he wanted to get in the
dialog: garage to get his things so he
dialog: could go with Harry.
text: Linda has a surprised look on her face.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: So he is busy?
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Babe Brother is preoccupied sharpening his knife with a
text: sharpening stone. He is almost in a trance. Junior comes in
text: rather angrily. Sunny goes and sits in the shadows in the
dialog: dining room.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Why in the hell didn't you help
dialog: mama?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I told her I would if she would
dialog: give me time.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I bet you if your master would have
dialog: told you to fix the hole in the
dialog: roof, you would have rebuilt the
dialog: whole damn house.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: You always got the best of it
dialog: around here and when Dad always
dialog: talks about my son, it is always
dialog: you, so you fix the roof.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: That is a damn lie and you know it.
dialog: Every time father asks you to do
dialog: something, you either half-ass do
dialog: it or run off and hide. Mama asked
dialog: you to turn the dirt in her garden
dialog: and you told her, with your smart
dialog: ass self, that you weren't a
dialog: farmer; get Junior to do it. Every
dialog: time someone asks you to do
dialog: something, you always say, tell
dialog: Junior to do it. Boy, you ought to
dialog: grow up.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I told you about calling me boy. I
dialog: ain't no boy. See, you and Dad got
dialog: a bad habit of calling me boy. You
dialog: call me boy in front of my wife.
dialog: You think I'm going to fix the
dialog: roof? I hope the wind blows the
dialog: whole damn thing off and it pours
dialog: down rain.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I ought to break your damn neck.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Sunny is sitting in a chair listening to his father and uncle
text: argue in the kitchen. A car outside passes and the lights
text: from the car form a crochet-like moving pattern on the wall
text: behind him. Sunny is only lit for a moment.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Babe Brother starts gathering up his things to leave.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I'm leaving and don't even call me
dialog: when the shoe falls 'cause all he
dialog: did for me was to try and run my
dialog: life. I'm tired of people saying
dialog: Babe Brother this, Babe Brother
dialog: that. What's my name?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You dumb ass, it's Babe Brother.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: My name is Sam. Samuel.
text: Babe Brother attempts to get up but Junior pushes him down.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Sit down!
text: Babe Brother hits Junior on the jaw, driving him backwards,
text: causing the overhead lamp to sway violently.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Suzie, Pat and Linda hear the noise coming from the kitchen
text: and rush to see what is going on.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - RAINY NIGHT
text: Babe Brother and Junior are both reaching for the knife.
text: Junior is on top of Babe Brother, who is stretched out on the
text: table trying to reach the knife. Junior grabs the knife first
text: and Babe Brother flips over to defend himself. Babe Brother
text: grabs Junior's wrist as Junior tries to push the knife
text: against his throat.
text: Suzie comes in and grabs part of the knife with her hand and
text: Junior's wrist with her other hand. Pat and Linda try to pull
text: the two men apart while pleading with Junior.
text: Blood drips from Suzie's hand to the table, forming a pool
text: under Babe Brother's head.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Stop it! Stop it! Look what you are
dialog: doing!
text: Babe Brother's eyes are rolled to the back. Junior's eyes are
text: huge; he has an animal look on his face. The SOUND of
text: struggling people breathing heavily is amplified. The pool of
text: blood on the table grows larger.
text: Junior slowly becomes aware of the blood and his body
text: relaxes. He calmly releases the knife.
text: Junior takes his mother's hand.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Someone get some lard out of the
dialog: ice box.
text: Pat attempts to get the lard but pain in her stomach forces
text: her to sit down. Linda gets the lard out and hands it to
text: Junior. Babe Brother raises himself. The blood from Suzie's
text: dripping from his head. Rhonda is trying to hold Sunny back.
text: Junior holds his mother's hand under the faucet. It is a deep
text: cut. The bleeding won't stop.
text: Pat is sitting at the blood-stained table unable to move. She
text: is PANTING, sweating, and holding her stomach. Linda is
text: caught between trying to help Suzie and attending to Pat.
text: Babe Brother helps to make a wad of cloth to press in her
dialog: hand to Stop the bleeding.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You are going to need some
dialog: stitches. We better take her to the
dialog: emergency hospital.
text: Babe Brother is shamefully calm now and very humble.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I'll drive her to the hospital.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: We will take her. You all stay here
dialog: and watch Dad.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What about Pat?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I'm okay now.
text: Suzie attempts to go see Gideon but Babe Brother and Junior
text: turn her to the door. Going through the kitchen door, Junior
text: intentionally turns his back to Babe Brother. Babe Brother
text: stares at Junior's back as he walks ahead.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL, EMERGENCY RECEPTION ROOM - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: The automatic doors open and Junior, Babe Brother and Suzie
text: enter. There is a long line of people waiting at the
text: registration window as well as groups of people filling out
text: forms. Other patients are seated and waiting patiently to see
dialog: the doctor.
text: Suzie finally gets to the registration window. A NURSE,
text: white, 25, with extremely long fingernails that curve back
text: around, is surprisingly sympathetic.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: What sort of emergency are you here
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I cut my hand.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Let me take a look at it.
text: Suzie puts her hand through the window. The Nurse stands up
text: to get a better look. The Nurse takes the wad out of her
text: hand. The bleeding has stopped.
text: The Nurse takes a deep breath. The Nurse glances up to notice
text: the blood stains on the back of Babe Brother head.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you all together?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: The bleeding has stopped but it
dialog: will need stitches. You will have
dialog: to fill out this form. How will
dialog: this be covered, insurance, cash or
dialog: check?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Don't worry about it. It will be
dialog: paid. Just let her see a doctor.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I have Medicare.
text: The Nurse hands Suzie a form, but Babe Brother takes the
text: form. The Nurse looks again at Babe Brother's head.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Do you need to see the doctor too?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: No, just my mother.
text: Babe Brother fills out the form with Suzie's help and hands
text: the form back to the Nurse.
text: They find a seat all together.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL, EMERGENCY RECEPTION ROOM - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: The room slowly fills with people and Babe Brother and Junior
dialog: offer their seats to those there for medical care.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL, EMERGENCY RECEPTION ROOM - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Two Police Officers bring in a man handcuffed to a bed. The
text: woman officer carries a shotgun. The male police officer
text: carries a clip board. The Prisoner is obviously in no
dialog: condition to escape or cause trouble. They are allowed to go
text: directly to the emergency room without waiting.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL, EMERGENCY RECEPTION ROOM - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: More injured people come but in spite of their condition they
text: are told that they have to wait. There is only standing room.
text: Junior and Babe Brother are standing next to the wall.
text: On the other side of the room, Suzie is looking quietly at
text: them as if she is in deep thought.
text: Junior walks over to the reception desk.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Why is it so crowded?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Well, it is Friday night and a full
dialog: moon.
text: Junior whispers to Babe Brother. They both start to laugh.
text: Suzie looks up and finds them in a fit of laughter. A faint
text: smile appears on her face.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S BEDROOM - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Gideon is slowly getting up. He looks around. He calls for
text: Suzie. He slowly gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Suzie, I'm hungry.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: He walks by Linda, Pat, Rhonda, and Sunny, who are sleeping
text: in chairs, on the floor and on the sofa.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Suzie.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Gideon opens the refrigerator and starts taking out bowls of
text: food and placing them on the table. He puts on a pot of
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Suzie.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT (RAIN) (LATER)
text: Gideon is busy eating almost everything in sight. A group of
text: mystified and sleepy faces appear at the door. Pat, Linda,
text: Rhonda and Sunny are all looking rather dumbfounded.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - MORNING
text: Everything is wet from the night's rain. The garden looks
text: more like a graveyard. Moisture drips from the sunflowers.
text: Gideon's nervous looking rooster jumps the fence and starts
dialog: to CROW.
text: Skip is out early throwing rocks at his birds. The rocks land
text: on Gideon's roof.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - MORNING
text: Babe Brother and Junior help Suzie out of the car. She has
text: her left hand bandaged. They are extremely exhausted. They
text: walk up the porch to find Harry holding the door open.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I can't believe what I heard took
dialog: place.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
text: On seeing Suzie, Sunny jumps up, knocking the can of marbles
text: over the kitchen floor. He runs to give Suzie a hug. Sunny
text: wants to touch her bandaged hand, but Linda stops him.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: How is Gideon doing?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
text: He is asleep now, but he was up all
dialog: night eating.
text: As Suzie goes to Gideon's room, she comes face to face with
text: Harry. She doesn't say anything.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I came to pick up my things.
scene_heading: INT. GIDEON'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Gideon is SNORING loudly. On the night-stand is a plate with
text: food left on it. Suzie feels his forehead.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
text: Harry sadly gets up. He looks at Babe Brother. Linda steps in
text: front of Babe Brother.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You ought to go see how your father
dialog: is doing and then wash that blood
dialog: off you and change shirts.
text: Babe Brother is surrounded by Linda and Sunny who has his
text: eyes fixed on Harry. They move as one heading for the
dialog: bedroom.
text: Harry seems a lot older. He sadly walks towards the kitchen
text: with his coffee cup.
text: LOW ANGLE SHOT: Harry is slowly walking towards the MARBLES
text: that are scattered over the kitchen floor.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: Pat, Linda, Junior, Rhonda, Babe Brother, Sunny and Suzie are
text: all standing around waiting for Gideon to wake up.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Gideon.
text: Gideon's only response is to SNORE louder.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: How long is Harry going to hang
dialog: around?
text: Babe Brother is in a corner all by himself. He looks down
text: when Pat asks the question about Harry.
text: A loud CRASHING SOUND comes from the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Harry is trying to raise himself from the floor. He pauses
text: for a moment and then collapses. Harry is in a lot of pain.
text: Harry's body contorts and then remains still.
text: Babe Brother, Junior, Pat, and Linda, Suzie run in. Suzie
text: tries to see if he is alive. Babe Brother tries to give him
text: mouth to mouth resuscitation but Linda pulls him away. Junior
text: tries to push down on Harry's chest.
text: Babe Brother stares down at Harry and then goes slowly back
text: into the living room. Pat is on the phone dialing the
text: paramedics. Everyone stands around Harry.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Two PARAMEDICS work on Harry. One of the paramedics is a
text: young Asian. The other is white with red hair. They listen
text: for a heart beat and shake their heads in a negative manner.
text: They pack up their medical case. The Asian's accent is very
dialog: difficult to understand.
speaker_heading: WHITE PARAMEDIC
dialog: There is nothing we can do for him.
text: The Paramedics start to leave without the body.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Well, aren't you going to take him
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: ASIAN PARAMEDIC
dialog: If he had died in our care, we
dialog: would be required to take him.
dialog: Since we found him dead, you will
dialog: have to wait for the county to pick
dialog: him up.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: How long will that take?
speaker_heading: WHITE PARAMEDIC
dialog: That would depend on how busy it
dialog: is. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Harry is stretched out on the floor. A blanket covers
text: everything except his shoes.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
text: Hattie, Marsh, Okra, Herman, and M.C. all come in. Marsh
text: looks cheerful.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
text: He slipped on some marbles that
text: were on the floor. Then his heart
dialog: gave out.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (to Sunny)
dialog: I told you to always put those
dialog: marbles up and not to leave them
dialog: just anywhere.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: The poor thing is not to blame.
dialog: Rhonda, take Sunny for a walk.
text: Marsh hands Rhonda several dollars.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Here, go around to the store and
dialog: buy what you want.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Would anybody object if I take a
dialog: look at him?
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: I don't think Harry would like it.
text: Hattie goes over and pulls the blanket back. Okra, M.C. and
text: Herman hurry over to take a quick glance. They huddle behind
text: Hattie, peeping over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: I never noticed how big his eyes
dialog: were.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - EVENING
text: Linda is helping Babe Brother wash Suzie's blood out of his
text: hair. She dries his hair with a towel. Sonny hands Babe
text: Brother a clean shirt, Gideon's shirt. He puts it on.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Gideon is sitting on the edge of his bed looking through the
text: scraps of leftovers on his plate. He puts his pants on. As he
text: moves about, his joints SNAP and POP. He picks up the empty
dialog: plate.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - NIGHT
text: Babe Brother is on the phone with the county morgue. He gets
text: into an argument with the people on the other end of the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Mister... Mister... Excuse me for
dialog: cutting you off but we pay taxes
dialog: too. We should not have to pay you
text: to take a 24-hour lunch break.
text: Babe Brother hands the phone to Linda.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: The coroner said that he was out
dialog: here, and knocked on the door and
dialog: no one was here.
text: Junior steps over the body, holding a pot of coffee in his
dialog: hand.
text: The Preacher is sitting with Suzie talking in a low voice.
text: Pat, Rhonda and Sunny come in with boxes of chicken snack.
text: Linda hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: LINDA
text: He doesn't know when he will be out
dialog: this way again. Somebody downtown
dialog: is going to hear about this.
dialog: M.C.
dialog: They just do that in the colored
dialog: neighborhood. If he had been white,
dialog: they would had him on his feet and
dialog: out of here.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I got white meat and I got dark
dialog: meat. I know it sounds cruel but we
dialog: have to eat.
text: Gideon comes in walking very slowly, holding his plate out.
text: Everyone is shocked. Gideon is completely unaware of the
dialog: period that he has been sick.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What, are you having another party?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You better come sit down. You are
text: still sick.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Gal, you're talking to John Henry.
dialog: When was I sick?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You have been out for almost three
dialog: weeks.
text: The Preacher gives him a pat on the back and shakes Gideon's
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: We had long conversations with the
dialog: Lord about you. Didn't we, Sister
dialog: Suzie? I said we need him down
dialog: here, Lord.
text: Gideon smiles in appreciation. He pushes his plate out to
text: Pat, indicating that he wants it filled with chicken. Gideon
text: is about to bite into the chicken when he notices Harry's
text: feet sticking out. He points with the chicken in his hand. He
text: has a mystified look on his face.
speaker_heading: OKRA
dialog: That's our friend Harry.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Not our Harry?
speaker_heading: OKRA
dialog: I wish it wasn't.
text: Gideon seems to weaken for a moment.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What happened to him?
speaker_heading: HATTIE
text: He dropped dead.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Hattie, you can be so mean.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: How long has he been dead?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Since this morning.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What happened to your hand?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
text: I cut it on an old rusty knife.
text: Gideon is deeply concerned.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What did you put on it?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: It's healing now.
text: Gideon looks over at his two sons as if to ask them about it.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I hope you will take care of your
dialog: mother better than that when I'm
dialog: gone.
text: Junior and Babe Brother both have their heads down. Linda and
text: Sunny move closer to Babe Brother.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: Babe Brother, is that my shirt that
dialog: you're wearing?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: How come you're not wearing my
dialog: shoes?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: They're too big.
text: Gideon stares at Babe Brother and then looks around towards
dialog: Harry.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: When is the undertaker coming?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: They can't say. I'll try calling
dialog: them again.
text: Hattie moves closer to Herman and speaks so only he can hear.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Why don't M.C. and you drag him to
dialog: your house?
text: Herman moves away with a look of disdain.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Harry didn't have any relatives
dialog: living, did he?
dialog: M.C.
dialog: Harry was in the world by himself.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Somebody has to take responsibility
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Why don't you look through his
dialog: things to see if you can find a
dialog: number?
text: Okra, Marsh, Hattie, Herman, and M.C. go to Harry's room,
text: leaving Suzie and Gideon sitting opposite each other with the
text: door to the kitchen separating them. Junior, the Preacher and
text: Pat are eating chicken. Linda is on the phone trying to get
text: through to the morgue.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: How do you like that? They hung up
dialog: in my face. I'll fix them. I'll
dialog: show them just how mean I can get.
text: She rapidly dials the number. There is a BUSY SIGNAL.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: This has been a nightmare.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - RIGHT
text: M.C. and Marsh are going through Harry's boxes. They take out
text: old blues records, books, a big Bible, and books on Dunbar.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: These are letters to his son.
text: Hattie reads the letters in a corner by herself. She stops
text: reading for a moment.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: I still don't know if I was right
dialog: about Harry.
text: She seems frustrated with herself not being able to come to
dialog: terms about who was Harry.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD - NIGHT
text: A crowd of people are standing around looking at Gideon's
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Preacher is sleep in his chair, SNORING loudly. Babe
text: Brother and Linda are sitting together, talking in almost a
text: whisper. Sunny is asleep in his lap. Babe Brother is finding
text: it difficult to apologize for his recent behavior.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I have more sense than to give up
dialog: everything, my family, you and
dialog: Sunny. It wasn't me, I mean the
dialog: real me inside my body. I'm glad
text: it's over. It's like a veil has
dialog: been lifted.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Like a veil has been lifted?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: It's like I've been swimming in
text: muddy waters.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Like muddy waters?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: It was like all those things old
dialog: country people try to tell you what
dialog: hell is like.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You were in hell?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I couldn't believe the things I was
dialog: doing. It was like an internal
text: struggle going on inside my body.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Do you think you won?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: It was nip and tuck.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: And what lesson have we learned
dialog: from all of this, Babe Br... Sam...
dialog: I mean Samuel?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I guess it proves you really care
dialog: about me. You hung in there.
text: Linda looks at Babe Brother for a length of time.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: When are you boys going to fix that
dialog: roof?
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: Soon as I rest a bit.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I meant as soon as we are back to
dialog: normal again, anytime.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Here I am thinking about myself
text: when poor Harry is resting on the
text: floor of the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Harry's body lies there motionless.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
text: The Preacher is SNORING violently.
text: Babe Brother is asleep on the floor. Sunny is asleep sitting
text: on Linda's lap. Linda's feet rest on Babe Brother's chest.
text: Junior and Pat are looking at the baby pictures. Pat is
text: holding her hand across her stomach feeling the baby kick.
text: Rhonda is asleep in a chair.
text: Suzie and Gideon are sitting at the dining room table. Suzie
text: is cutting the dead leaves off of a small potted plant.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
text: It feels like a storm has passed...
text: Hattie read some of Harry's letters
text: to a woman he had a child by. The
dialog: child had died and he was writing
dialog: to give her some comfort. Hattie
dialog: didn't know that deep down at the
dialog: bottom of Harry's hate, there was
dialog: some love.
text: The SOUND of Rodney's trumpet is heard but is no longer
text: irritating.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Did I ever tell you the story about
dialog: the man who wanted to make his own
dialog: mind up about heaven and hell? He
dialog: didn't want nobody's opinion but
dialog: his own.
text: Suzie doesn't pay any attention; she is involved with her
text: potted plant. Gideon looks over at the Preacher, who is still
dialog: asleep.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: He's going to check out heaven
text: first. He gets a round trip ticket
dialog: to heaven. He gets in heaven and
dialog: finds it just like back home.
text: People dripping with sweat, working
text: in the fields, hardly surviving. He
dialog: asked a man who was getting a drink
dialog: of water, "I thought the streets
dialog: were paved with gold." "They are
dialog: but you won't see them," he said.
dialog: "Boy, you got to work day and night
dialog: cause idleness is sinfulness." So
text: he takes the other half of his
dialog: ticket and takes the express to
text: hell. He sees people stretched out
text: on their backs kicking back,
dialog: picking their teeth. "Man, this is
dialog: a dream." He asked, "What's you'll
dialog: doing?" They all hollered back,
dialog: "Sinning." The devil was shaking
text: hands with everyone and came up to
dialog: him and said, "Please to meet you."
dialog: He asked, "I thought you'll was
dialog: supposed to be burning in fire."
dialog: Someone said, "Man, ain't no fire
dialog: down here except under that pot of
dialog: chitlins." The man was going go ask
dialog: the preacher back on earth...
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I don't want to hear any joke about
dialog: colored people being in hell.
dialog: You're being irreverent.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I'm almost finished. I'm about to
dialog: come to the punch line.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I don't want to hear any tales
dialog: about colored people...
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: But these are white people,
dialog: anybody. The punch...
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I don't care to hear any jokes
dialog: about people being in hell. This
text: cut on my hand reminds me that it
dialog: is nothing to laugh at.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: It's only a tale.
text: The RATTLING of pots and dishes starts suddenly. Harry's body
text: starts to sway gently as if he were about to get up.
text: Everyone is frozen. Babe Brother and Linda remain asleep. The
text: rocking caused by the earthquake doesn't wake them.
text: M.C., Herman, Okra and Hattie and Marsh enters the dining
text: room. Harry's feet are seen in the kitchen still swaying.
speaker_heading: M.C
dialog: Is that an earthquake?
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: It's something.
text: Babe Brother wakes in a sweat and sits next to Linda like a
dialog: child needing protection.
speaker_heading: BABE BROTHER
dialog: I'm cold. I need to get out into
dialog: the sunlight.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: What is it, noontime?
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: I wonder how they going to bury
dialog: this man.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Plant him in Potter's Field. He
dialog: doesn't need a marked grave.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Hattie, your true colors are
dialog: unbearable. You got some mean ways.
dialog: Don't worry about the boy getting a
dialog: burial. He still has some friends
dialog: left on this earth.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: His winter has come and gone and I
dialog: know right now he is answering for
dialog: a lot of things.
text: M.C., Okra and Herman move away from Hattie.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: It is my job to pray for his soul
dialog: and I would like to do that.
scene_heading: EXT. GIDEON'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Rhonda is sitting next to Sunny on the front porch. She has
text: an angry expression. Sunny is trying to please her by
text: offering her his airplane.
text: He pushes the airplane near her and she pushes it back with a
text: violent shove. He persists in offering her his airplane.
text: A crowd of people is still standing around in front of
text: Gideon's house.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hey boy, you still got that dead
dialog: man in your house.
text: Sunny and Rhonda don't respond. A middle-aged woman,
text: VIRGINIA, one of Gideon's neighbors, passes Sunny and Rhonda,
text: knocks on the screen door and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: VIRGINIA
dialog: I know you all haven't had a chance
dialog: to cook or do anything with that
dialog: dead man in your kitchen. You must
dialog: be starved to death. Some of your
dialog: neighbors have got together and we
dialog: set up a picnic table in my
dialog: backyard with food and everything
dialog: to feed all you all.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Virginia, that is so wonderful of
dialog: you all!
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: If the dead wagon comes, we ought
dialog: to leave a note telling them we'll
dialog: be down the street at a picnic.
text: Gideon comes back in with Suzie, who is helping tie his tie.
text: They all line up and file out the front door with Suzie and
text: Gideon leading the way. Pat is holding her stomach with a
text: thoughtful look on her face.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I think we better be ready.
text: Junior looks concerned as he follows Pat out the door. Sunny
text: follows Rhonda, who is still mad at him. Babe Brother and
text: Linda are the last ones out. Babe Brother takes a long look
text: in the direction of Harry as Linda pulls him out. She slams
text: the door.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Harry's body lies on the floor. On the kitchen sink are
text: Suzie's jars of cuttings, which have developed a maze of
dialog: roots.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
