speaker_heading: TOM SAWYER
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Stephen Sommers
dialog: Based on Mark Twain's "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer"
dialog: Rewrite by
dialog: David Loughery
dialog: and
dialog: Ron Koslow
dialog: Laurence Mark Productir Revised Draft
dialog: September 6, 1994
dialog: |
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. HANNIBAL, MISSOURI - NIGHT
text: Dark clouds drift across the moon.
text: Here on Earth, in the village of Hannibal, a brisk wind
text: stirs the treetops, @riving dead leaves down dark, empty
text: streets. It's October, 1845, almost Halloween, and if
text: this is a dress rehearsal for that night of spooky
dialog: pleasure, then Halloween is sure to be a smash.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET
text: A black cat darts across our path and runs up the side of
text: a tree. —We PUSH IN on-the tree. THUNDER rumbles.
text: Lightning flashes, illuminating a boy's name carved into
text: the trunk of the tree: *TOM SAWYER."
text: A DARK FIGURE stalks past the tree. We PAN it down the
text: street toward a grim building whose overhanging sign,
text: shaped like a coffin, reads: "DR. J.R. ROBINSON
scene_heading: UNDERTAKER AND TAXIDERMIST."
scene_heading: INT. DOC ROBINSON'S EMBALMING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Flickering candlelight illuminates a gruesome scene. The
text: corpse of an elderly man is laid out on a slab. The man
text: is dressed in a dark suit. His face is rouged and
text: powdered, his eyes are closed and his hands have been
text: folded across a Bible resting on his chest.
text: Hovering over him, vuiture-like, is DOC ROBINSON,
text: Hannibal's only undertaker, a man as gaunt and cadaverous
text: as any body he has ever embalmed. At the moment, Doc is
text: trying to create the proper look of contentment on the
text: corpse's face, using his fingers to prod the pliable face
text: muscles into a heavenly smile. But he can't get it right.
speaker_heading: DOC ROBINSON
dialog: {under his
dialog: breath;
dialog: grumbling)
dialog: Smile, damn you.
text: That's when the door swings open, letting in a gust of
text: wind. Some of the candles flicker and blow out, giving
text: the room a darker, more macabre ambiance -- appropriate
text: lighting for the entrance of INJUN JOE.
dialog: 2
text: Dee Robinson turns and glares at the intruder -- a tall
text: half-breed with long black hair, penetrating eyes and
text: sharp, Satanic features. He is the dark figure we saw
text: moments ago, Hannibal's scourge, Injun Joe.
speaker_heading: DOC ROBINSON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Shut the door...
text: Injun Joe's eyes narrow to mean slits. He doesn't like
text: being ordered about. ‘But he closes the door and comes
text: into the room.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (ill-tempered)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: DOC ROBINSON
dialog: I have a job for you.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: What kind of job?
speaker_heading: DOC ROBINSON
dialog: It's heavy work, we'll need
dialog: another man...
text: Injun Joe peers through Doc -- knows he's up to no good...
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: When do you want it done?
speaker_heading: DOC ROBINSON
dialog: Tomorrow night...
speaker_heading: “INJON JOE
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: DOC ROBINSON
dialog: The graveyard.
text: Injun Joe raises and eyebrow...
speaker_heading: DOC ROBINSON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Unless you're afraid.
dialog: {turns back to
dialog: his work)
dialog: The job pays two dollars. Take
dialog: it or leave it...
text: Injun Joe casually pulls a silver knife from inside his
dialog: coat...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: I'll take it.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But the job pays three dollars
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Injun Joe very delicately wipes the blade of his kn en
text: Doc Robinson's chest, where his heart should be.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Unless you think I deserve
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: pdoc ROBINSON
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: No, no. Three dollars sounds
dialog: fair.
text: Injun Joe winks at Doc Robinson, then turns and strides
text: out the door, letting it slam behind him. The resulting
text: wind blows out the remaining candles.
text: Doc Robinson is left trembling in the darkness.
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HANNIBAL - CLOCK - NIGHT
text: EELLS begin to toll the hour of midnight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOM SAWYER'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CLOSE on a clock sitting on a night stand between two
text: beds. As the minute hand moves to midnight, we hear
text: covers RUSTLING and PAN over to TOM SAWYER as he sits up
text: in bed, eyes flashing with excitement.
text: Tom throws off his covers to reveal that he's completely
text: dressed and ready for action. Tom swings out of bed, a
text: rugged, good-looking kid of twelve. He shoots a look at
text: his cousin SIDNEY who occupies the other bed, snoring
text: peacefully. Sid is a year younger than Tom and his
text: opposite in every way. Outwardly a model boy, Sid is
text: actually a mean, sneaky, little tattletale.
text: Tom, on the other hand, is a pure force of unbridled
text: nature, born for trouble and adventure. He goes to the
text: window, raises it and is halfway out when he hears:
speaker_heading: siID
dialog: And where do you think you're
dialog: going?
dialog: >
text: Tom turns. Sid is sitting up in bed, smiling with smus
text: superiority, having caught Tom in the act of sneaxing ovr.
text: But Tom doesn't seem worried.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Go back to sleep, Sid. I'm
dialog: just runnin' away from home.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Again?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: This time for good.
dialog: (can't contain
dialog: his excitement)
dialog: Me and Joe Harper and Ben
dialog: Rogers is goin' to New Orleans
dialog: to be steamboat men.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Not if I tell Aunt Polly!
text: Sid is about to open his mouth and shout "Aunt Polly!"
text: when Tom pounces on him and clamps a hand over his mouth,
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I had a feelin' you was gonna
dialog: be your usual nasty self so I
text: rigged up a little surprise.
text: As Sid struggles, Tom reaches under the bed, pulling up
text: handfuls of rope that he has already secured to the bed
text: frame. As Sid thrashes, Tom ties him to the bed and
text: shoves a dirty sock in his mouth to stifle his cries.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {continuing)
dialog: And just so you won't be
dialog: lonely...
text: Tom reaches under the bed and brings up a topless glass
text: jar which he balances on Sid's heaving chest. Sid's eyes
text: cross and bug out when he sees what's in the jar -- a big
text: black spider! Sid is terrified of spiders. He freezes.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That's a black widow. Sid --
dialog: the most poisonous spider in
dialog: the whole world. You knock
dialog: over that jar and she's gonna
dialog: be mad.
text: Sid doesn't dare move. Tom saunters to the window.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: d4eontinuing!
dialog: ‘Course, I could be wrong Te
dialog: might just be a harmless fruit
dialog: spider. But there's only one
dialog: way to find out...
text: And with a grin, Tom is gone out the window. Sid stares
text: at the spider in the jar, trying to keep completely still.
text: hk big drop of sweat runs down his forehead.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Tom shimmies down the drainpipe and is gone into the
dialog: night.
text: EXT. THE BACK ALLEYS OF HANNIBAL _
text: Tom runs for all he's worth, heart soaring with boyish
text: excitement. Right on cue, JOE HARPER hops over a fence
text: and joins him. A moment later, BEN ROGERS comes through a
text: gate and the three boys race through the night.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET
text: The shadows of Tom, Joe and Ben flash across the dark
text: storefronts, The boys zoom around a corner and put on the
text: brakes so they don't collide with MUFF POTTER, the town
text: drunk who is ambling along. Muff is a friendly good-
text: hearted fellow, a buddy to all the boys in Hannibal.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hey, Muff!
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: Howdy, boys. Where ya headed
dialog: this time of night?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We're runnin' away from home.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: {good-naturedly)
dialog: Oh, I used to do that all the
dialog: time -- 'til home ran away from
dialog: me. Came back one day and
dialog: everybody was gone...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Where'd they go?
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: As far away as they could.
text: Joe and Ben look at bit nonplussed. Is this a cautionary
dialog: tale Mufi'’s telling?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {to the boys)
dialog: Come on
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: Don't let me stop you.
text: Tom, Joe and Ben move off. Muff calls after them...
speaker_heading: MUTF
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey! When ya comin' back?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {over his .
dialog: shoulder; as he
dialog: runs)
dialog: Never!
text: The boys are out of sight. Muff grins and takes a hit
text: from his jug. This isn't the first time the boys have run
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: Never, huh?
dialog: {chuckles; with
dialog: confidence)
dialog: See ya tomorrow.
scene_heading: EXT. MURRELL'S CREEK - NIGHT
text: Tom, Joe and Ben clamber down a steep wooded bank,
text: thrashing their way through thick bushes and trees,
text: slipping and sliding, overcome with excitement.
text: Shortly, they reach their own secret harbor where a log
text: raft is anchored in the moonlight.
text: Tom, Joe and Ben board the raft and scramble about making
text: her "seaworthy." Within seconds the anchor is raised and
text: all lines are cast off. Wind takes hold of the bed-sheet
text: sail and suddenly the raft is in motion. The strong
text: current carries it downstream. Joe mans the rudder.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Goodbye, Hannibal!
text: Tom notices that his shipmates are gazing back at the down
text: with a certain melancholy.
dialog: at
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Jeontinuing)
dialog: Don't tell me you're gett
text: homesick already.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No, Tom. It's just... well,
dialog: ain't you gonna miss your
dialog: family?
speaker_heading: ~TOM
dialog: You think steamboat men got
dialog: families? Heck, that's the
dialog: main reason we're runnin’ away,
dialog: ain't it? So's we can be free
dialog: to do what we want -- when we
dialog: want ~~ and not have to answer
dialog: -— to nobody... ~
dialog: “{snorts)
dialog: Families.
dialog: (goading them)
dialog: But if you boys want to go
dialog: home...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No, Tom. We made a pact.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Last chance. Once we hit the
dialog: Muddy, there's no turning back.
text: Joe and Ben steel their courage.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: No, Tom. We're with ya. All
dialog: the way.
text: Tom neds, proud of his crew.
speaker_heading: TOM
text: Then it's full speed ahead.
text: They turn their backs to Hannibal as the raft carries them
text: toward the big river.
speaker_heading: RIVER JUNCTION
text: Where Murrell's Creek meets the Mississippi. From a HIGH
text: ANGLE, we see Tom's "ship" as it joins the Big Muddy and
text: Sails downstream. The river is dark and treacherous but
text: this is an exciting moment for Tom and his shipmates.
speaker_heading: RAFT
text: Water comes crashing over the bow, sprayins the boys.
text: They love it. Riding the Mississippi is the 1640's
dialog: equivalent of a roller coaster.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We made the Muddy, boys! Next
dialog: stop -- New Orleans! Nothin’
dialog: can stop us now!
text: That's when a dark shape looms in their path -- a sandbs:!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Mister Harper -- hard to port!
text: Too late. The little raft smashes into the -sandbar -and
text: upends itself. Tom, Joe and Ben are picked up and tossed
text: into the water.
text: Tom hits his head on the edge of the raft and is stunned.
text: The current yanks him down.
text: Darkness. Confusion.
text: Joe and Ben cling to the sandbar for dear life.
text: uttering, gasping for breath, they look around to locate
text: their captain and see Tom being swept downriver.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Tom!
text: But Tom hears nothing. He is unconscious, going under, _
text: coming up, at the mercy of the powerful current.
speaker_heading: DOWNRIVER
text: A fallen elm overhangs the Mississippi, its trunk
text: extending above the rising water.
text: Tom is swept along. As he passes under the tree, a FIGURE
text: appears out of nowhere, dressed in rags and tatters.
text: Quick as lightning, the Figure scrambles out to the end of
text: the tree and dives in after Tom.
speaker_heading: JOE AND BEN
text: They gape in disbelief.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What was that?
dialog: ire)
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: 
text: Pulled under. A hand grabs him from beh
speaker_heading: JOE AND BEN
text: They make their way to shore and hurry downriver.
scene_heading: RIVER BANK ~ CLOSE ON TOM
text: His limp body is carried to shore by the unseen Figure who
text: gently places him on the bank. Filthy hands turn Tom on
text: his back and pump his chest. Tom suddenly comes to life.
text: He sputters and coughs up a gallon of the Mississippi.
text: His eyes flicker open.
scene_heading: TOM'S POV - LOOKING UP
text: A strange face swings INTO FOCUS above him, framed against
text: the night sky. The eyes flash, bright blue. Then, the
text: face is gone.
speaker_heading: TOM
text: He sits up as Joe and Ben arrive.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You all right, Tom?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: ‘Course I'm all right.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: If it hadn't been for that...
dialog: (shares a look
dialog: with Joe)
dialog: ... whatever it was... you'd
dialog: have been a goner.
text: A chill wind comes up, RUSTLING the tree tops, bringing
text: the surrounding forest to life. It sounds like someone --
text: or some thing -- is coming. The boys leok at each other.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Town?
speaker_heading: JOE AND BEN
dialog: (vigorous nods)
dialog: Town!
dialog: 10
text: The boys scramble to their feet and run like hell. As
text: they disappear up the shore, we hear TWIGS SNAFPING.
text: FOOTSTEPS approach. A tattered shoulder moves INTO FRAME
text: and the back of a boy’s head. His hair is long and wild.
text: It hangs to his shoulders.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HANNIBAL - DAWN
text: The sun comes up, casting long shadows. We see the sleepy
text: little village with the Mississippi running on one side,
text: hills and dense forest on the other.
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET
text: We see the shadow of a great pirate, fighting a cutlass
text: duel with an invisible opponent. PULL BACK to reveal that
text: it's Tom with a long stick, sword-fighting his way back
dialog: home .
scene_heading: EXT. AUNT POLLY'S HOUSE
text: Tom shimmies up the drainpipe and climbs through the open
text: window to his room.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S ROOM
text: Tom looks around. No sign of Sid. As usual, Sid's bed is
dialog: neatly made.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. AUNT POLLY'S KITCHEN - DAY
text: CLOSE on Tom's AUNT POLLY, a handsome woman in her
text: forties. She is seated at the breakfast table. WIDEN to
text: include Sid and Tom's pretty sixteen-year-old COUSIN MARY.
text: All three are poker-faced, silently eating breakfast.
text: Tom enters in clean clothes. Determined to play the
text: innocent until accused, Tom seats himself and tucks a
text: napkin into his shirt.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (cheerful)
dialog: Mornin', everybody. What's for
dialog: breakfast?
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: You can start with this...
dialog: a
dialog: ray
text: Polly places a jar in front of Tom It contains the
dialog: Spider.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Couldn't I just have some
dialog: scrambled eggs instead?
text: Polly takes Tom by the collar and pulls him out of his
text: chaiz. She leads him out the back door.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Tom, I've a mind to skin you
text: alive. Sneaking out ‘til all
text: hours, worrying a body to
dialog: death...
text: Mary frowns, sorry for Tom. Sid couldn't be happier. He
text: smirks and heaps his plate with eggs and grits, then wolfs. _
dialog: them down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AUNT POLLY'S HOUSE - BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Aunt Polly, still holding Tom by the collar, leads out on
dialog: the back porch...
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Hand me that switch...
text: Tom gets the switch from behind the door...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (testing it in
dialog: the air)
dialog: ... Seems mighty weak, Aunt
dialog: Polly. Must be all used up...
text: Tom hands her the switch, locking her with a carefully
text: composed look of anguish and contrition.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I'll go and cut you a new
dialog: one...
text: He starts toward the birch tree but she stops him...
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: (melting)
dialog: Tom... Tom, what am I gonna do
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (feigning
dialog: innocence}
dialog: You mean before, or after my
dialog: whippin', Aunt Polly?
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: I swore to your momma, my own
dialog: Sister, on her death bed that
dialog: I'd raise you proper.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: And you're sure doing that.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: No, I know I'm not doing my
dialog: @uty by you -- but I haven't
dialog: got the heart to hit you.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Would it help if I just bent
dialog: over, real quiet, and looked
dialog: the other way?
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: (in defeat)
dialog: No, no, every time I hit you my
text: old heart almost breaks. And
dialog: every time I let you off my
dialog: conscience hurts me just as
dialog: bad...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes'm.
text: She puts down the switch.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: I suppose I'll just be obliged
dialog: to make you work tomorrow.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Tomorrow?
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Well, I've got to do
dialog: something...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Tomorrow's Saturday...
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: (turning away)
dialog: I've got to do some of my duty
dialog: by you...
dialog: 13
text: Aunt Polly goes into the house. Tom hesitates a moment,
text: then grabs up the switch and chases after her...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Aunt Polly...! Wait! I'll
dialog: take the whippin'!
scene_heading: EXT. POLLY'S HOUSE - DAY_.
text: Tom steps through the gate, carrying a bucket of whitewash
text: and a long-handled brush. He surveys the fence that
text: borders the yard -- thirty yards long, nine feet high.
dialog: He’ll be an old man before he finishes the job.
text: A small black kid named JEB comes around the corner, -
text: carrying an empty bucket.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hello, Jeb, ol' buddy.
speaker_heading: JEB
dialog: (wary)
dialog: Hello, Tom.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Tell ya what. I'll go to the
dialog: pump for you if you'll do some
dialog: paintin'.
speaker_heading: JEB
dialog: Can't do it, Tom. Your Aunt
dialog: Polly said she'd lay me low if
dialog: I let you talk me into
dialog: paintin'’.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You ain't afraid of her, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JEB
dialog: (nods a terrified
dialog: *yes")
dialog: Goodbye, Tom.
text: Jeb walks off. Tom thinks fast.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'll show you my bloody toe!
text: Jeb stops in his tracks. He turns around. Tom removes
text: his left boot and lifts his foot. His big toe is wrapped
text: in a bandage. Tom wiggles it seductively. Jeb is greatly
text: tempted but thinks of Aunt Polly. He hurries on his way.
dialog: Tom goes for the throat:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It's got pus.
text: Jeb stops. His face is in turmoil. Tom delivers the coz
dialog: d= grace:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Yellow -- dripping -- pus.
text: That does it. Jeb spins around.
speaker_heading: JEB
dialog: You got a deal!
text: Jeb puts down the bucket and rushes over to Tom who starts
text: to unwrap his bandage. Jeb bends over to-get a tciose look
text: and -- WHAP! -- a broom swats him on the ass. Jeb lets
text: out a yelp, garbs his bucket and high-tails it down the
dialog: road.
text: Tom looks up into the no-nonsense face of Aunt Polly. She
text: points to the fence.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: No excuses!
text: And returns to the house.
text: Tom frowns. He laconically picks up the brush and is
text: about to dip it in the whitewash when he hears one of the
text: younger neighborhood boys, little BILLY NEWTON coming up
text: the lane, whooping and clanging and pretending to be a
dialog: steamboat. ee eee _ .
text: A wicked smile spreads across Tom's face. He dips his
text: brush in the whitewash bucket and begins painting the
text: fence with great gusto. He whistles a happy tune. Billy
text: Newton, completely baffled by Tom's behavior, cuts off his
text: steamboat imitation and comes over to watch.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You feelin’ okay, Tom?
text: Tom turns, pretending to be surprised.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Oh. Hi, Billy. I was having
dialog: so much fun I didn't hear you
dialog: comin'.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (astounded)
dialog: Fun?
dialog: uw
speaker_heading: TON
dialog: Whitewashin' this here fence.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: That ain't fun. That's work.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: If it was work, would I be
dialog: doin' it?
text: Tom frowns at Billy and shakes his head as if he's just
text: too young to understand. Tom resumes his painting and
dialog: whistling...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Ain't every day a boy gets
dialog: -a chance to whitewash a fence.
dialog: Billy watches...
speaker_heading: TOM'S FACE
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Say, Tom...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hmm?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Let me paint a littie.
text: He almost smiles.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Aunt Polly's awful particular
dialog: about this fence...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Just a little...?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Billy, I'd like to -- but if I
dialog: was to let you start paintin'
dialog: and anything was to happen to
dialog: this fence, I'd be in big
dialog: trouble...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I’11 be real careful...
text: Tom continues painting...
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (slyly)
dialog: . What'll you give me?
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: SEVERAL MINUTES LATER
text: CAMERA IS CLOSE on a black cat's-eye marble held between
text: two fingers. PULL BACK to reveal the fingers as Tom's.
text: He sits under a tree among a pile of boy treasures -- a
text: brass doorknob, tadpoles in a jar, candy, a kite,
text: firecrackers etc. In the b.g., half a dozen small boys
text: vigorously whitewash the fence. The job is almost done.
text: Tom shines the cat's-eye on his pants leg and slips it in
text: his pocket. Then he picks up one of his treasures -- a@
text: pook about Robin Hood and his Merry Men, complete with
text: inspiring illustrations. Tom is deep in the book as Joe
text: Harper and Ben Rogers come up Meadow Lane. They see Tom
text: under the tree and approach.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (a trace of
dialog: sarcasm)
dialog: Well, if it ain't the two
dialog: bravest steamboat men on the
dialog: Mississippi.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (contrite)
dialog: Lookit, Tom, we're awful sorry
dialog: about last night not workin’
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: We could build another boat...
text: Tom dismisses the idea. He's got a new idea.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Forget it. Anybody can be a
dialog: steamboat man these days. But
dialog: outlaws... that's somethin’
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (intrigued)
dialog: Outlaws?
text: Tom shows them the pictures in the book.
dialog: 
dialog: a
speaker_heading: st
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Sure. Like Robin Hood and his
dialog: Merry Men. All we need is the
text: woods and some bows and arrows.
dialog: We'll rob from the rich and
dialog: give to the poor!
dialog: On his excited look, we...
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD - DAY
text: A horse and carriage travel down a tree-lined lane on the
text: outskirts of Hannibal. The buggy's driver is a prosperous
text: iooking gentleman in his forties, HENRY THATCHER. On the
text: seat beside himis his-beautiful-tweive-year old daughter;~ ~~
speaker_heading: BECKY.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Hannibal's a wonderful place,
dialog: Becky. It's not exactly St.
dialog: Louis but I know you're going
dialog: to like it.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: IT hope so. What are the
dialog: children like?
text: Before he can reply, Thatcher is forced to rein in the
dialog: horses and stop.
text: A small tree lies across the road, blocking transit.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: What the...
text: As if on cue, three boys scramble out of the greenery and
text: position themselves in front of the carriage. Tom. Joe.
text: Ben. All wielding crude homemade bows and arrows and
text: wearing frond-leaf caps.
text: Tom swaggers forward, playing Robin Hood to the hilt.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Throw down your valuables or
text: feel the tip of Robin Hood's
dialog: black arrow!
text: Thatcher and Becky stare at the three "outlaws." It's all
text: Thatcher can do to keep from laughing. Even Becky hides a
dialog: smile.
text: Thatcher decides to play along.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: eE
speaker_heading: mn
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: i'm afraid the only thing I
dialog: have of value is my daughter
dialog: Rebecca...
dialog: 0
dialog: 7
dialog: rc)
text: Tom Sawyer sees Becky Thatcher for the first tim
text: heart jumps into his throat.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: ' (continuing)
dialog: ... and I'd sooner take one of
dialog: your arrows in the heart than
dialog: hand over such a treasure.
text: With great effort, Tom swallows his heart and finds his
text: voice. He squeaks something, tries again. It helps if he
text: doesn't look at Becky. But that's impossible.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well... uh... don't you have a
dialog: watch or something? Some
dialog: ' money?
speaker_heading: ' THATCHER
dialog: I'm sorry. They were stolen by
text: bandits about a mile back.
dialog: 
text: Tom is frustrated. He has to get something.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: ' Then I'll take that hat you're
dialog: wearing.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: It was a gift from Rebecca's
dialog: i late mother.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You intend to resist?
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: I'm afraid I must. You see,
dialog: I'm the new Judge in these
dialog: parts...
text: Joe and Ben look at each other. The new Judge!
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... and if folks heard that I
dialog: let three highwaymen get the
dialog: better of me...
text: Thatcher reaches inside his coat pocket and takes out a
text: big pistol. He raises it and cocks the trigger.
text: Six eyeballs bug out in fear.
dialog: 1g
text: With a collective "Yah!" the three Merry Men drop their
dialog: bows and arrows and haul-ass into the woods Just for
text: effect, the Judge FIRES a shot in the air.
dialog: 
text: Thatcher and Becky share a good lauch.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Those are the silliest boys
dialog: I've ever seen.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST
text: Tom, Joe and Ben run off in three different directions.
text: We STAY with Tom who dodges trees, leaps over logs,
text: stumbles and falls down. He goes to pick himself up wher.
text: he is surprised to.see two filthy bare feet in front of
text: him. Slowly, Tom looks up. fee : -—e
speaker_heading: TOM'S POV
text: Looming above him is a startling apparition -- HUCK FINN.
text: Huck is Tom's age but a little taller and more muscular.
text: Dressed in rags and tatters, Huck exudes a dangerous,
text: heroic quality -- like a juvenile Tarzan or a Peter Pan
text: gone to seed. A long knife is stuck in his belt.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Huck...!
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (nods in
dialog: recognition)
dialog: .+. Tom Sawyer.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {jumping up)
dialog: You're back...
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Just movin’ through, more or
dialog: less.
speaker_heading: “TOM
dialog: Well, where'd you go? Where
dialog: you been?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (snide)
dialog: You mean after your good
dialog: townfolk ran me out?
text: Tom nods...
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: {continuing)
dialog: Lots of places, no place in
dialog: particular -- upriver,
text: downriver.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: You're the one that pulled me
dialog: out last night.
text: Huck shrugs.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: I felt like a swim.
dialog: (motioning) J
dialog: Come on, I'll show you my
dialog: camp... oe
text: FOLLOW as Huck leads Tom through a wall of dense
text: vegetation ... They emerge in a hidden glade... .
text: Tom looks around. The glade has been transformed into an
text: outdoor living room. A hammock hangs between two trees.
text: Cast-off furniture has been set about giving the place a
text: lived-in homey feel. Huck's most inspired decorative
text: touch is several empty picture frames which hang from the
dialog: trees.
text: Huck takes a seat in a throne-like, hollowed-out stump.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: How long have you been livin'
dialog: here, Huck?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: About a month?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: A month, huh?
dialog: (knowingly)
dialog: Last week, Aunt Polly whupped
dialog: me for swipin' a pie that was
text: coolin' on the window sill.
dialog: But it wasn't me -- I figured
dialog: it was Sid.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: He wanted it. But I beat him
dialog: to it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: ... And a day later, old man
dialog: Cranston accused me of stealin'
text: three watermelons out of his
dialog: patch.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: He lied. I only got two.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {only half-
dialog: serious)
dialog: I oughta punch you in the nose!
text: Huck rises from his "throne," a dangerous smirk on his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: You're welcome to gry.
text: Tom backs off, partially out of fear, partially out of
dialog: respect...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Maybe later.
text: Huck shrugs and flops into his "throne."
text: Tom looks around, finding Huck's lifestyle enormously
dialog: agreeable.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: When you're not stealin' food
dialog: and hangin' it on me, what do
dialog: you do all day?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Whatever I want.
speaker_heading: “TOM
dialog: You're lucky.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (with bravado)
dialog: Yep -- I'ma free man.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I guess I oughta thank you for
dialog: saving my life last night.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: You want to thank me? Don't
dialog: tell nobody I'm here.
text: Huck takes a puff on his pipe, blows a smoke ring...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: How 'bout if I come back some
dialog: time?
dialog: ns
dialog: bes
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Makes no never mind to me.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Then, I will... Hey, Kuck...
text: Tom goes to Huck and extends his hang...
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: What's that for?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's what friends do.
speaker_heading: HUCK.
dialog: {a trace of
dialog: surprise)
dialog: We friends?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: it's up to you.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Your old auntie catches you
dialog: with me, she'll whip you from
dialog: here to St. Louie.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Don't worry about her... I'm
dialog: glad you came back.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: You are...?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Sure. We were friends before.
dialog: Don't you remember?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (nods, a bit
dialog: awkward)
dialog: +». Yeah, I guess we were.
text: They shake hands...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, we're friends again...
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Yeah... I guess we are.
dialog: giight of the afternoon sun...
scene_heading: w SCHOOLHOUSE - DAY
text: weed bright red, the one-room school sits on a hill
text: q@eooking the village. Class is already in session as
text: gsaunters up the walk, late on purpose.
speaker_heading: gh CLASSROOM
text: mstrolls through the door. The other children turn to
text: at him. We see that the boys sit on one side of the
dialog: gm the girls on the other. oe ~ ~
text: geont, and wearing a bad wig, is an evil, self-
text: gepetant would-be ladies' man, SCHOOLMASTER DOBBINS.
speaker_heading: DOBBINS
dialog: Thomas Sawyer!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Sorry I'm late, Mister Dobbins.
speaker_heading: DOBBINS
dialog: Well? What's your excuse this
dialog: time?
text: ten Spots Becky Thatcher. He sees that the only empty
text: iv on the girls' side is right beside her. Tom turns
dialog: pact to Dobbins. =
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I ain't got none.
text: The entire classroom freezes. They hold their breath as
text: they look from Tom to Mr. Dobbins and back again. Sid can
text: parely contain his pleasure.
speaker_heading: DOBBINS
dialog: You're not even going to try?
speaker_heading: —“TOM
dialog: No, Mister Dobbins. Wouldn't
dialog: be no point...
speaker_heading: DOBBINS
dialog: You realize, of course, that I
dialog: shall have to punish you.
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You want me to go to the
dialog: whipping post?
speaker_heading: DOBBINS
dialog: No. Whipping's too good for
dialog: you. I shall have to think of
dialog: something more humiliating...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {in mock horror)
dialog: Please, Mister Dobbins, you're
dialog: not gonna make me sit with the
dialog: girls!
text: Dobbins smiles with supreme smugness.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOBBINS ~~ aa
dialog: Once again, Thomas Sawyer, you
dialog: have outsmarted yourself.
text: Dobbins points to the girls' section.
text: Like a condemned prisoner, Tom trudges down the aisle and
text: drops into the seat next to Becky. As Dobbins starts the
text: lesson, Tom smiles mischievously at Becky. She pretends
text: she isn't impressed and ignores him.
text: Tom takes an apple out of his pocket, carefully shines it
text: on his sleeve, then gently places it in front of Becky as
text: an offering. Becky picks up the apple. She turns to Tom
text: and smiles sweetly. Then, with an expert flick of the
text: wrist, Becky tosses the apple out the window.
text: Tom doesn't care. Even her rejection is a clear reaction.
speaker_heading: curT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, SCHOOLHOUSE - DAY
text: A picture of serenity. Faintly, we hear Dobbin's VOICE.
text: "Class dismissed." An immediate explosion of children's
text: VOICES. The schoolhouse door booms open and kids fly out,
text: running in all directions. Liberation. Among them is Tom
text: who spies Becky walking down the hill toward town. Tom
text: decides to follow her at a distance.
speaker_heading: ON BECKY
text: As she strolls along, aware that Tom is tailing her.
text: Becky decides to have some fun. She turns a corner, ducks
text: down an alley and takes off running.
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: TOM
text: He hurries around the corner and doesn't see Becky
text: anywhere. Beginning to panic, he looks around in all
text: directions. Over his shoulder, Becky appears at the end
text: of the alley. She puts two fingers in her mouth and lets
text: out a whistle. Tom whirls around but she is gone.
text: Tom grins. Hide and seek. With excitement, he decides to
text: head her off at the next street.
scene_heading: NEXT STREET ce
text: Becky hides behind a pickle barrel as Tom runs past. She
text: pops up, whistles and takes off in another direction. Tom
text: does a U-turn and comes running back, determined to catch
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: LOCAL TAVERN
text: In the alley behind Hannibal's major den of iniquity,
text: Injun Joe is in conversation with his sometimes partner in
text: exrime, the tavern keeper -- a heavy, unpleasant fellow
text: named EMMETT.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Can't do it, Joe. I gota
dialog: tavern to run. If I was to go
dialog: with you tonight, they'd steal
dialog: me blind.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: You're just scared to go into
text: the cemetery at night.
text: Emmett's face is revealed. But he tries to brush it off.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: No, Joe. I ain't scared.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: Forget it -- I'll find somebody
dialog: who won't wet his drawers every
text: time an owl hoots.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Sorry, Joe. -
text: Emmett enters the tavern, passing Muff Potter as he comes
text: out, galumphing along in his amiable manner. Drunk or
dialog: sober, he's always the same.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Muff Potter...
dialog: t
dialog: t
dialog: ‘
dialog: a
dialog: 26
text: Injun Joe takes a step forward and that's when he collides
text: with Tom, flying blindly down the alley in search cf
text: Becky. In a lightning quick move, Joe whips out his knife
text: and throws Tom against the wall, shoving the knife under
text: his jaw. Tom's eyes bug out.
text: Mulz comes to Tom's rescue.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: Joe, wait! Tom don't mean no
dialog: harm!
text: Which diffuses the situation. Injun Joe steps away from
text: Tom and slides the knife back into his belt. Tom is
text: quaking as Muff joins them, smiling his amiable smile.
speaker_heading: MUFF due eee
dialog: {continuing)
dialog: Hello, Tom.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Hello, Muff.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: Run along, Tom. Goon. Git.
text: Tom doesn't wait to be told twice. Shooting a fearful
text: look at Injun Joe, he takes off.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't mind Tom. He's just one
dialog: of the town boys.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: {eyeing Muff)
dialog: How'd you like to make some
dialog: Grinkin' money?
text: Muff licks his lips and grins.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (agreeable; with
dialog: humor)
dialog: Sure... what do I have to do?
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: Dig.
speaker_heading: EDGE OF TOWN
text: Tom, desperate to find Becky, is happy to spot her walking
text: down a hill toward Murrell's Creek. Tom knows a short-cut
text: through the woods. He takes off.
dialog: 
dialog: 27
scene_heading: EXT. MURRELL'S CREEK
text: Becky walks along slowly, shooting looks over her shoulder
text: for Tom, disappointed that she actually lost him.
text: Becky approaches the creek where a picturesque footbridge
text: spans a babbling brook. The perfect setting for a
text: romantic encounter. To her surprise, Tom is there,
text: nonchalantly balancing himself on the hand rail, imitating
text: a tightrope walker. He pretends not to notice Becky
text: coming along the trail, starting across the bridge.
text: Timing it for her arrival, Tom balances himself on one
text: foot. He turns to see if she's looking. Becky, walking
text: past, staring straight ahead, merely reaches out with her
text: hand and gives Tom a shove.
text: Tom loses his balance -and falls over. —Becky continues on
text: her way. —It is only when she hears the big SPLASH that
text: she breaks into a smile.
scene_heading: EXT. CREEK
text: Tom sits in the rushing water. It's only a few feet deep.
text: He's not hurt but his dignity is severely dented. He
text: Clambers to his feet and is surprised to see Huck Finn
text: relaxing under the bridge, lazily smoking his pipe.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Lookin' for jackasses.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Under a bridge?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (pointing at Tom)
dialog: I found one, didn't I?
text: Tom sloshes over and sits down. He notices a burlap sack
text: next to Huck.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What's in there?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Dead cat.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Can I see it?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Help yourself.
text: Tom takes a look in the sack and gets a w
dialog: it,
text: almost gagging.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: He's dead all right.
speaker_heading: HUCK
text: Wagon run him over. Guts came
text: out at both ends.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What's a dead cat good for?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: To cure warts with.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I got a wart. How's it work?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: You take your dead cat to the
dialog: graveyard at midnight on the
dialog: day somebody wicked's been
dialog: buried. And when the Devil
dialog: comes, you have your dead cat
dialog: at him and say, "Rat guts, rat
dialog: guts, the Devil wears shorts.
text: Dead cat, dead cat, swaller
dialog: these warts." And off go your
dialog: warts.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: When're you gonna try it?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Tonight.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: That's right. They buried Old
dialog: Hoss Williams today. The
dialog: Devil's gonna want him for
dialog: sure. Can I come with you,
dialog: Huck?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: You might get scared.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (offended)
dialog: Not me! I ain't scared of
dialog: nothin'!
text: On Tom's indignant look, we...
dialog: 
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD WALL - NIGHT
text: Lightning flashes, illuminating Tom's frightened face as
text: he and Huck clamber over a stone wall and enter the
text: grounds of the Hannibal Graveyard. Talk abou: spooky
text: it's overgrown and Gothic as hell. THUNDER rumbles.
text: Something clutches Tom from behind. He lets out a cry and
text: tries to run but something's holding him. Huck comes bark
text: and frees him from a tangle of vines.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: The Dead seems kinda lively
dialog: tonight. But don't worry. I
dialog: got just "the thing. “I-learnt
dialog: it from a witch woman.
dialog: {closes his eyes
dialog: and chants)
dialog: "Ghosts and goblins, stay away.
dialog: In your graves I bid you stay.
dialog: Haunt again... some other day."
dialog: (opens his eyes)
dialog: That oughta do it.
text: Both Tom and Huck feel better. Then, they hear it --
text: approaching FOOTSTEPS.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You sure you got the words
dialog: right?
text: They see a dim ghostly light in the distance, coming their
text: way. Tom and Huck run over and hide behind a marble
text: mausoleum. Slowly, their heads peer out over the tomb.
text: Through the fog, THREE FIGURES appear.
text: Tom and Huck duck back down.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {continuing)
dialog: What do we do now?
speaker_heading: ~ HUCK
dialog: Know any prayers?
text: Tom drops to his knees. He clasps his hands together and
text: shuts his eyes.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (super-fast)
dialog: Now-I-lay-me-down-to-sleep-I-
dialog: pray~-the-Lord-my-soul-to-
dialog: keep...
dialog: 30
text: Huck nudges Tom.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Look .
text: Cautiously, Tom opens his eyes and joins Huck peering over
text: the tomb. In the distance, the three figures have begun
text: to dig up a grave.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: That ain't Hoss Williams
dialog: they're diggin' up. They're
dialog: goin' for one of them old
dialog: graves.
text: Lightning flashes and the three figures are illuminated.
text: The man with the lantern is Doc Robinson. ~The other two ~~”
text: men do the digging. They are Muff Potter and Injun Joe.
text: Tom whispers to Huck:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: This is worse than ghosts.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: The first two ain't so bad.
dialog: Doc Robinson and Muff Potter.
dialog: Muff wouldn't hurt a fly. But
dialog: that third feller, he almost
dialog: slit my throat today...
dialog: {a gulp)
dialog: That's Injun Joe.
text: We PUSH IN on Huck's face to show that this name causes a
text: chill to run up his spine.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Injun Joe?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You know him?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (evasive)
dialog: Let's just say I met him once
dialog: and I ain't anxious to meet him
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What do you think they're
dialog: doin'?
dialog: w
dialog: et
dialog: 
dialog: Look, fellers, I don't ming
dialog: @iggin', but grave-rebbin's a
dialog: whole other matter.
text: Tom and Huck turn to each other.
speaker_heading: TOM AND HUCK
dialog: fat the same
dialog: time)
dialog: Grave-robbers!
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: You want your money, Muff?
dialog: Shut up and dig.
dialog: —— —, cur To:
speaker_heading: MINUTES LATER
text: Muff and Injun Joe are down in the grave, shovelling it
text: out while Doc Robinson stands above, shining the lantern.
text: Injun Joe's shovel hits wood. A coffin, Muff gulps,
dialog: wondering why he ever came along.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: I need me a drink. Would it be
dialog: €all right if we took a break
dialog: for a little libation?
speaker_heading: DOC ROBINSON
dialog: No. Haul it out. Hurry. -
text: Injun Joe and Muff lift a rotted wooden coffin out of the
text: grave and set it on the ground.
speaker_heading: DOC ROBINSON
dialog: (continuing)
text: Pry it open and tip it over.
text: injun Joe jams his shovel into a groove and Pops the lid
text: Open, then tips the coffin and rudely dumps the remains of
text: @ skeleton on the ground. ‘The bones CLATTER.
text: Tom and Huck shiver. -
text: Following the skeleton, a small wooden box falls out of
text: the coffin. Lightning flashes, illuminating a word
text: engraved on the box: "MURRELL."
text: Injun Joe turns to Doc Robinson in surprise. Mutt
text: realizes something, becomes very animated.
dialog: u
dialog: ul
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: Murrell! One-Eye Murrell! By
dialog: God!
text: geturns to Huck. Tom is as excited as Muff.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: One-Eye Murrell was a pirate.
dialog: Him and his gang used to
text: plunder up and down the river
dialog: ‘til the Army came and killed
text: ‘em in an ambush. Murrell‘s
dialog: treasure was never found.
text: gwrRobinson shoves the box under his coat.
speaker_heading: DOC ROBINSON
dialog: ~Put the coffin back and cover
dialog: -your tracks. “
text: qe Robinson starts to walk off. But Injun Joe steps into
dialog: gis path.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: Not so fast.
speaker_heading: DOC ROBINSON
dialog: Get out of my way.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: Give me the box.
text: gor Robinson tries to push past Injun Joe but Joe seizes
text: the box. Doc Robinson refuses to let go and the two men
text: pegin to struggle. Muff tries to intercede.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: Doc -- Joe -- let's discuss
dialog: this like gentlemen.
text: Injun Joe backhands Doc Robinson who falls to the ground,
text: jesing his hold on the box which tumbles away.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Now, Joe, what'd you do that
dialog: for?
text: Injun Joe pounces on the fallen box, rips the top off and
dialog: ripe it over.
text: The box is empty except for a tattered piece of yellow
text: paper which flutters to the ground.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: What the hell?
dialog: uw
dialog: a
text: Injun Joe picks up the paper and grabs the lantern to look
text: at it more closely. His evil face lights up.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It's a map to the treasure.
text: Tom and Huck look at each other in amazement .
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Murrell's treasure! By glory,
dialog: we're rich! Joe, why didn't ya
dialog: tell me?
text: That's when Doc Robinson shoves Muff out of the way and
dialog: charges Injun Joe.
speaker_heading: DOC ROBINSON
dialog: It's mine!
text: Injun Joe fends Dec Robinson off. Muff tries to get
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: Now hold on.
text: Doc falls back. He grabs the grave's wooden headboard and
text: swings it at Joe. Joe ducks and the board hits Muff --
text: right-in the face. Muff hits the ground, out cold.
text: Joe stuffs the map in his pocket and leaps forward. He
text: nails Doc with a left hook. Then a right jab. Lefr.
text: Right. Doc staggers back and falls against the mausoleum
text: right in front of Tom and Huck.
text: Injun Joe pulls his trademark silver knife out of his
text: belt, then thinks better of it. He puts it back, goes
text: over to Muff's body and takes out Muff's knife.
text: Injun Joe goes back over to Doc Robinson. He raises
text: Muif's knife overhead. Lightning slashes the sky as Joe
text: brings the knife down.
text: Tom and Huck's eyes widen. They can't see Doc on the
text: other side of the tomb but they know where the knife is
text: going. Injun Joe plunges it down. One. ‘Two. Three
dialog: times.
text: Tom and Huck turn and run. But Tom's jacket gets caught
text: on a branch and rips.
text: Hearing them, Injun Joe scrambles over the tomb in time to
text: See two small figures sprint through the tombstones and
text: vanish into the fog. Then his eye catches something on
text: the ground. He bends down and picks up Tom's cat's-eye
text: marble. He stares at it.
dialog: 
text: yg starts to groan awake.
dialog: 
text: yen Joe returns, steps over Doc's dead body and
text: g's bloody knife into the open grave. Then he r
text: goss the cemetery, disappearing into the gloom.
text: sé sits up, disoriented.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Doc? Joe?
text: pa flash of lightning, Muff sees Doc Robinson sprawled
text: gnst the mausoleum, eyes open, face contorted, his
dialog: get shining with blood!
text: gi runs to the body, touches Doc.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Doc?
text: spalizing he's dead, Muff pulls back his hands. They are
text: sgwered with blood.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Omigod!
text: wif Staggers back. He looks around in fear and takes
dialog: ait.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: gym. HOODS - NIGHT
text: "WUNDER booms. Lightning flashes. Tom and Huck run as
text: fast as their feet will carry them. Every bush looks like
text: aman. Every spindly branch is an arm reaching to grab
text: ghem. Running this gauntlet of terror, they finally burst
dialog: gnto..-.
scene_heading: EXT. HUCK'S CAMP
text: gne boys flop down on Huck’s “throne," huffing and
text: puffing.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We gotta tell the Sheriff!
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: I ein't tellin' nobody nothin'.
dialog: And unless you're dumber than I
dialog: think, you'll keep your mouth
dialog: shut, too.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: But we seen a murder!
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Yeah -- and there's gonna be
dialog: two more murders if we squeal
dialog: on Injun Joe. Believe me.
dialog: He'll hunt us down and kill us
dialog: if it’s the last thing he ever
dialog: does.
text: This sinks in.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, when you put it like
dialog: that, I guess you're right. We
dialog: can't tell nobody.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ‘HUCK
dialog: Damn right. And just so you
dialog: don't change your mind, we're
dialog: gonna swear an oath. We'll
dialog: write it down and sign it in
dialog: blood.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Qur blood?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Unless you want to go back and
dialog: borrow some from Doc Robinson.
text: Tom gulps at the idea. Huck picks up a pine shingle.
speaker_heading: - — HUCK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You do it. I ain't much good
dialog: at writin’.
text: Tom checks his jacket and sees that his pocket has been
text: ripped open.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I lost my cat's-eye!
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: We got bigger things to worry
dialog: ‘bout. Now write this down...
text: Tom grabs a piece of charcoal out of Huck's dormant
text: firepit.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: {continuing}
dialog: Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer swear
dialog: they will keep shut about what
dialog: they seen and may they drop
dialog: down dead if they ever tell.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: And rot.
speaker_heading: - HUCK
dialog: And rot.
text: The SOUND OF SLIDING STEEL as Huck takes out his knife.
text: He slices his own finger, hands the knife to Tom. Tom
text: cuts his finger, too.
text: They write "TOM" and-"X" at the bottom of the oath.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Now we got to swear our loyalty
dialog: to each other.
text: They press their fingers together. Tom makes up the oath:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: "Turtle guts. Frog slime.
dialog: Chickens and hens. You and me
dialog: will always be friends."
text: Huck nods grimly. This is serious stuff.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Tom is asleep. Suddenly, the window EXPLODES into a
text: thousand fragments as Injun Joe lands in the center of the
text: room, looking more satanic than ever. Tom jerks awake as
text: Joe pulls out his silver knife.
speaker_heading: INOUN JOE
dialog: I'm gonna kill you, Tom Sawyer!
text: Injun Joe leaps up on the bed, looming over Tom.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You won't never wake up! Never
dialog: wake up!
dialog: 37
text: Injun Joe lifts his knife and is about to bring it down.
text: Tom screams.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Tom's eyes pop open. He sees a blurry figure shaking him.
scene_heading: . “AUNT POLLY
dialog: Wake up, Tom! Wake up!
text: It's Aunt Polly. Sid is standing beside her.
speaker_heading: SID
text: He's been moaning all night.
dialog: — -~ “tavGark smile) TTT
dialog: I think it's his sore tooth
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: “ AUNT POLLY
dialog: Is that right, Tom? Is your
dialog: tooth bothering you again?
text: Tom is still disoriented.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Aunt Polly? Uh, no, 1...
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: I heard him, Aunt Polly.
text: Crying about his sore tooth.
dialog: I'll bet he'd feel better if it
dialog: was pulled. -
text: Sid grins at Tom. As Aunt Polly turns to look at him,
text: Sid's grin turns into a look of deep concern.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Sid, get me the thread.
text: Sid's hand comes up -- the thread already in it. Polly
text: takes it. Sid grabs Tom from behind and holds his arms.
text: Polly shoves her hand into Tom's mouth and ties the thread
text: around a back tooth.
speaker_heading: —AUNT POLLY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hush, Tom. You've been
dialog: complaining about this tooth
dialog: for months. It's got to come
dialog: out sooner or later, And
dialog: you'll feel better if it's
dialog: sooner.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Be
text: Polly takes the thread and strings it from Tom's mouth to
text: the closed bedroom door, wrapping it around the doorknok
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: (calls out}
dialog: Mary! Could you come in here?
text: Tom's eyes widen. He struggles but Sid holds him tight
text: Polly steps away from the door as we hear Mary's FOOTST.
text: coming down the hallway.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “TOM
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Go away, Mary! I'm buck naked!
text: The door bursts open. We hear a POP. Tom screams. Mary
text: steps into the room.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What's all the fuss?
text: Something flies through the air and Mary catches it. In
text: her hand is Tom's bloody tooth.
text: Tom holds his mouth and does a slow burn at Sid who smiles
text: and picks up the string with Tom's tooth attached. He
text: twirls it in playful triumph.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Some day, Sid...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Three little kids are carrying their schoolbooks and
text: walking down the boardwalk. Suddenly, Injun Joe steps in
text: front of them. The kids freeze in terror. Injun Joe
text: slowly raises his hand.
text: Between thumb and forefinger is the black cat's-eye
dialog: marble.
scene_heading: EXT. MURRELL CREEK BRIDGE
text: Tom ambles along on his way to school, rubbing his jaw and
text: thinking about his troubles.
speaker_heading: BECKY'S VOICE
dialog: Hello, Tom.
text: Tom looks up and is surprised to discover Becky Thatcher
text: waiting for him, balancing herself on the rail of the
dialog: bridge just like he did.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {perks up)
dialog: Becky.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I'm sorry I pushed you in the
dialog: creek yesterday.
dialog: {the ultimate
dialog: apology)
dialog: You can push me in if you want
dialog: to.
text: Tom breaks into a devilish grin.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Really?
text: Becky is suddenly afraid he'll do it.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You wouldn't dare!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I would -- but I just don't
dialog: feel like it right now.
text: in gentlemanly fashion, Tom helps Becky down off the rail.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You ever been engaged, Becky?
speaker_heading: ‘BECKY
dialog: No.
dialog: (but she's
dialog: interested)
dialog: How do you do it?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, you gotta tell each other
dialog: that you're sweethearts.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: And then what?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, then you're s’posed to
dialog: kiss.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Sure...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You first.
dialog: psteels his courage, then:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You're my sweetheart. There!
dialog: Now you got to say it to me.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Turn your face away.
dialog: {as Tom complies)
dialog: But you can't tell anybody
dialog: ever.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I won't.
text: poy leans close to him, so close her breath stirs his
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: You're my sweetheart...
text: Tem grins.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, I guess it's all done but
dialog: the kissin‘ part.
text: gen looks at Becky. Becky looks at Tom. Tom leans
text: forward. Becky leans forward. Tom's eyes. Becky's eyes.
text: qeix lips move toward each other. Closer. Closer. Both
text: trying to pucker properly. Then... the world's fastest
text: yiss. It's so electric, they jump apart, both terrified.
text: qgainking fast, Tom reaches into his pocket and takes out a
text: yesty doorknob. He thrusts it into Becky's hand.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Your engagement ring.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Oh, Tom, it's... it's
dialog: beautiful!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It sure is. Why, when I was
dialog: engaged to Amy Lawrence...
text: pecky's big eyes tell Tom he's blown it.
speaker_heading: - BECKY
dialog: You mean I'm not the first?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: But, Becky, that was ages ago.
dialog: Two months at least...
text: Becky is on the verge of tears. She throws the doorknob
text: at him.
speaker_heading: - BECKY
dialog: I hate you! JI hate you! I
dialog: hope you die!
text: Becky runs off. Tom just stands there, hurt and confused.
text: Then his pride takes over. He picks up the doorknob and
text: marches off. ——
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: «+. What'd I do??
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET
text: Tom walks along, moping, lost in his thoughts. He hardly
text: notices that townspeople are flocking down the street,
text: leaving their homes and shops.
speaker_heading: JOE (0.5.)
dialog: Hey, Tom!
text: Tom looks up and sees Joe Harper waving to him.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Come on! School's been called
dialog: off!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Called off? What for?
speaker_heading: OE
dialog: There's been a murder!
text: Tom feels a chill go up his spine. He falls into step
text: with the rest of the rushing townspeople.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - DAY
text: Half the village has swarmed into the graveyard. The
text: place is buzzing with excitement. Tom pushes his way
text: through the crowd. He sees Becky's father, Judge
text: Thatcher, conferring with the MAYOR. Doc Robinson's bot.
text: is covered with a sheet. It lies near the dug-up grave.
speaker_heading: MUFF (0.S.)
dialog: I didn't do it! I swear I
dialog: didn't do it!
text: All eyes turn as a frightened Muff Potter is brought
text: forward by the SHERIFF and a FARMER who declares:
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: That's right, Sheriff. I
dialog: -caught Muff-washing himself at mo
dialog: my trough early this morning.
text: The crowd gasps. Schoolmaster Dobbins steps forward.
speaker_heading: DOBBINS
dialog: Well, that sounds mighty
dialog: suspicious, especially the
dialog: washing which is not a habit of
dialog: Muff Potter's.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: And there was blood all over
dialog: his shirt. I thought he'd just
dialog: killed a deer or something.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: No, wait a minute...!
text: Another town character, the WELSHMAN, pops out of the open
text: grave holding up Muff's bloody knife.
speaker_heading: WELSHMAN
dialog: Look here what I found! It's
dialog: Muff Potter's knife! I sold it
dialog: to him last winter.
speaker_heading: DOBBINS
dialog: I say lynch him! Lynch him
dialog: now!
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: You gotta believe me...
text: The crowd ROARS its approval. And charges forward. Muff
text: panics. He breaks away from the Sheriff and runs like a
text: Scared rabbit -- right into Injun Joe. Joe decks him down
text: with a hard blow.
dialog: 
dialog: 43
text: The Sheriff and others pounce on Muff.
speaker_heading: INIUN JOE
dialog: (announcing)
dialog: I saw the murder!
text: The crowd hushes.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Tell us what you know.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: I was passing by here last
dialog: night and I saw Muff and Doc
dialog: Robinson digging up that there
text: grave. And then, in a drunken
dialog: rage, I seen Muff Potter stab _
dialog: the Doc.
text: ‘Tom can't believe what he's hearing. The crowd SCREAMS
text: and YELLS in outrage. Muff pleads for his life.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: That ain't how it happened! I
dialog: swear! We found the map to
dialog: Murrelli's Treasure! And Joe
dialog: and Doc got to fightin’ --
text: A dark, scornful laugh from Injun Joe.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: Murrell's Treasure! Do you
dialog: hear that, everybody? More
dialog: drunk talk from Muff Potter!
speaker_heading: DOBBINS
dialog: {piping up)
text: Murrell's lost treasure is an
dialog: old wives’ tale. I know the
dialog: history of this entire county
dialog: and I tell you it doesn't
dialog: exist.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: But I seen the map!
speaker_heading: INIUN JOE
dialog: I say you're lyin'. I say
dialog: there ain't no treasure map.
dialog: And there never was.
text: Injun Joe looks to Emmett,-the local tavern keeper and
text: Joe's partner in crime. Emmett nods and yells:
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Everybody who thinks there's a
dialog: "treasure map,” raise yer
dialog: hands!
text: The crowd is silent.
speaker_heading: -- EMMETT
dialog: {continuing)
dialog: Now. Those who think it's a
text: lie spewed out by Muff Potter
dialog: to save his guilty hide?
text: The crowd SCREAMS "Aye!" and raise their hands. _SHOUTS of
text: "Tar him! Lynch him!._String him up!" .Muff looks arourd — -
text: with a pathetic hopelessness in his eyes.
text: Someone comes forward with a rope. That's when a loud
text: GUNSHOT causes everyone to freeze. Heads swivel in the
text: direction of Judge Thatcher who lowers his smoking gun.
speaker_heading: : THATCHER
dialog: (trying to keep
dialog: order; a
dialog: friendly smile)
dialog: Now, now, people. You wouldn't
dialog: deny me the pleasure of
dialog: presiding over his trial, would
dialog: you? What good's having a
dialog: judge if you don't let him
dialog: judge?
speaker_heading: DOBBINS
dialog: We all know he's guilty!
text: A cane crashes down on Dobbins' head, dislodging his
text: toupee and causing him to see stars.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: And we all know you're an
dialog: idiot, Ed Dobbins.
text: The cane's owner pushes Dobbins aside and comes forward.
text: It's the WIDOW DOUGLAS, all in black finery, eighty if
dialog: she's a day, the richest, crustiest, most feared woman in
dialog: Hannibal. And in some ways, the most sensible. We hear
text: fearful MURMURS in the crowd of, "The widow!"... "Widow
dialog: Douglas!”..
speaker_heading: WIDOW DOUGLAS
dialog: Listen to me, you pointy-headed
dialog: ghouls.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: +
dialog: 4s
speaker_heading: WIDOW DOUGLAS (CONT'D)
dialog: Muff Potter may be the scum of
dialog: the earth but he still deserves
dialog: a fair trial
dialog: that he gets
dialog: and I aim to see
dialog: one.
dialog: (to Thatcher;
dialog: demanding)
dialog: Judge! How soon can you get
dialog: this show on
dialog: the road?
text: Even Thatcher is intimidated by the old crone.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: I could start hearing evidence
dialog: day after tomorrow.
dialog: Settled! -
speaker_heading: WIDOW DOUGLAS
dialog: a ~~ ~turning her
text: withering gaze
dialog: on the crowd)
dialog: Now the rest
dialog: citizens" go
dialog: business and
dialog: job!
dialog: of you "good
dialog: about your
dialog: let the law do its
dialog: No one wants to get on the wrong side of the Widow. So,
dialog: with the excitement of a trial to look forward to, the
text: crowd begins to disperse. Dobbins walks away, painfully
text: rubbing his head.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Let's go, Muff.
text: The Sheriff leads Muff away. They walk past Tom who locks
text: eyes with poor Muff and feels his fear.
speaker_heading: vMUFF
dialog: I didn't do it, Tom.
text: Tom is about to say something when he sees Huck Finn in
text: the distance, perched on top of a mausoleum, ragged
text: clothes blowing in the wind.
text: Tom pushes through the crowd but once he gets to the
text: mausoleum, there is no sign of Huck.
text: Tom is in hell. He turns to go. As he walks past a tall
text: headstone, a leg snakes
text: first in the tall grass.
text: out and trips him. Tom lands face
text: He rolls over and there's Huck,
text: leaning against the headstone. He holds up the pine
text: shingle oath.
dialog: 
text: Huck nods.
dialog: Huck rises
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: You want to drop-dead and rot?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Muff's innocent. We got to do
dialog: somethin' to help him.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: We don't got to do nothin'.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You'd let him hang for
dialog: somethin' he didn't do?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Ain't no skin off my butt.
speaker_heading: ~ TOM
dialog: (as an idea
dialog: forms)
dialog: What if there was another way?
dialog: A way that wouldn't make us
dialog: break our oath?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: What way is that?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well.
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: What if we could get that
dialog: treasure map?
speaker_heading: —— “HUCK
dialog: It would prove that Muff Potter
dialog: was tellin’ the truth and Injun
dialog: Joe was lyin'. That’s a good
dialog: idea, Tom.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Only one little problem,
text: and walks off.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: The person we'd have to get it
dialog: from is Injun Joe.
dialog: 47
text: A frightening thought.- But Tom's not ready to back down.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {calling after
dialog: him)
dialog: Well, if you're scared...
text: Huck turns around and fixes Tom with a dark look. He
text: knows he's being Challenged.
speaker_heading: ~~ BUCK
dialog: Why should I stick my neck our
dialog: for Muff Potter?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: ‘Cause we know Muff didn't do
dialog: itr — ee
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: So, not doin' anything about it
dialog: is wrong. We gotta help him.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Says who?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (trying a
dialog: different tack)
dialog: What if it was you in Muff's
dialog: shoes?
speaker_heading: ~~ HUCK
dialog: Well, it ain't.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What if it was me.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: If you was that stupid, you'd
dialog: deserve what was comin' to you.
speaker_heading: TOM
text: (shakes his head
dialog: in disappoint -
dialog: ment)
dialog: That's not what friends do... I
dialog: thought we were friends,
dialog: Huck...
text: Tom turns his back on Huck and walks away...
dialog: 
dialog: ~ 48
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Maybe I don't know what you're
dialog: talkin’ about...
text: ye watches Tom disappear through the cemetery. On
dialog: g&s face we see his mind struggling with... feelings?
text: ap he snorts and runs off into the woods.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: gi JAILHOUSE - NIGHT
text: gemagh the barred windows of his cell, we see Muff Potter
text: gping in a pool of light, a defeated, pathetic
text: gwacter. The cell door CLANGS open and Muff looks up
text: gafully but it's only the Sheriff come to deliver Muff's
dialog: wives achard -biscuit-and a cup of-water. -
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (wishing)
dialog: Bas anybody come to see me,
dialog: Sheriff?
text: sq TMP BACK TO A LONGER SHOT to reveal that someone is
text: gerving Muff from the shadowy roof of the building next
text: 3egm. It's Huck, though we can barely make out his face,
text: pst his tattered outline, rags blowing in the breeze.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Don't be stupid, Muff.
dialog: {as he CLANGS the
dialog: door shut; a
dialog: eruel laugh)
dialog: Nobody cares about you. And
dialog: nobody's gonna miss you when
dialog: you're gone.
dialog: ye words, meant for Muff, seem to have an effect on Huck.
text: Rr amy rate, he turns and disappears into the night.
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: ext. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: A respectable couple strolls along the boardwalk, enjoying
text: an evening stroll. Up ahead, a man steps into the glow of
text: slamp to light a cigar. It's Injun Joe. The couple
dialog: a
text: Bese Then, they purposely scurry to the other side of
text: the Btreet in order to avoid him.
speaker_heading: INIJUN JOE
dialog: {calls to them)
dialog: Evenin'...!
dialog: “ 4s
text: The couple ignore him and hurry on. -.-Injun Joe chuckles,
text: exhaling a cloud of black smoke. He likes the effect he
dialog: has on people.
text: As Injun Joe continues on his way, we ANGLE UP to catch a
text: glimpse of a dark figure in tatters running silently along
text: the rooftops, following Joe on his journey.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Tom and Sid sleep. Sid snores peacefully. But Tom is
text: tossing. Suddenly, a dirty hand clamps over his mouth.
text: Tom's eyes pop open. He struggles, thinking it's Injun
text: Joe, then sees that the hand belongs to Huck Finn.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (whispers)
text: Injun Joe's on the move.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: Tom and Huck sneak down the dark boardwalk.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What made you change your mind?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (evasive)
dialog: I figgered if you did it alone
dialog: you'd probably just botch it
dialog: up.
text: Tom hides a smile, proud of Huck.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah. Probably.
text: They continue along toward the only source of activity at
dialog: this hour -- the tavern.
scene_heading: INT. TAVERN
text: Filled with trappers, traders and rivermen. They drink,
text: piay cards, argue and listen to MUSIC coming from a cheap
text: rinky dink piano. In a corner at a table are Emmett the
text: tavern keeper and Injun Joe.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY -
text: Tom and Huck roll a rain barrel, upend it under a tall
text: window and climb up on top. Balancing precariously, they
text: peer through the grimy glass.
scene_heading: THEIR POV ~- THROUGH THE GLASS
text: They are right above Injun Joe and Emmett. Emmett is
text: studying the treasure map and drinking a huge pitcher of
text: beer. He slides the map over to Injun Joe who pockets it.
text: Emmett speaks a few words. Joe nods. Then, deep in
text: thought, Joe lifts up the cat's-eye marble and rolis it
text: between his fingers.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY : — .
text: Tom's heart stops.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: He's got my cat's-eye!
text: Tom is so alarmed, he loses his balance. The barrel tips
text: over and hits the ground with a CRASH. Tom and Huck go
text: sprawling ass over elbow.
scene_heading: INT. TAVERN
text: Injun Joe and Emmett react to the commotion outside. They
text: get up to investigate. Emmett brings his pitcher of beer.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY
text: The tavern's back door opens, letting out a shaft of light
text: anc the TINKLE of a piano. Emmett and Injun Joe step out
text: and look around. Nothing seems amiss. The rain barrel is
text: back where it was before, under the drainpipe.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
text: Probably a drunk.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: {a dark smile)
dialog: Well, it wasn't Muff Potter.
text: Emmett gets a hearty laugh out of this.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: No. The only stumblin' he'll
dialog: be doin’ is at the end of a
dialog: rope -
speaker_heading: AINJUN JOE
dialog: Well, I gotta be goin'. ~I'll
dialog: see ya tomorrow... partner.
text: wre is a hint of threat in the way Joe says "partner,"
text: gett, who is a huge man, looks uneasy. There's
text: gething about Injun Joe that just creeps people out.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Right, Joe. Tomorrow.
text: Yan Joe stalks off into the night. Emmett takes another
text: wg from his pitcher of beer. But it's gone warm.
text: gyett pours the rest into the rain barrel and goes back
text: goede the tavern, shutting the door.
text: ge and Huck rise from the rain barrel, their heads soaked
dialog: gt beer. oo . -
speaker_heading: CuT To:
scene_heading: af. TOWN DOCK ~ NIGHT
text: ayd@ozen fishing boats are tied up as well as barges, rafts
text: ey paddleboats. In the moonlight, we see Injun Joe slide
text: gerp his canoe and push away from shore. We PAN him past
text: tm and Huck who hide on shore behind thick bushes. They
text: geld their breath as Injun Joe glides past.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Come on. We'll borrow Muff's
text: waft.
text: ‘he boys run to the dock.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI - NIGHT
text: gom and Huck sail downstream on Muff Potter's raft. Tom
text: mans the rudder while Huck stands forward, keeping Injun
text: goe's canoe in sight.
speaker_heading: HUCK
text: He's headed for Jackson's
dialog: Island.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Makes sense. JI hear he's got a
dialog: still out there. That's where
text: he cooks his moonshine.
dialog: 
dialog: uw
speaker_heading: tw
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Maybe I'll steal me some. I
dialog: ain't had a drink in two
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: CuT To:
scene_heading: EXT. JACKSON'S ISLAND - NIGET
text: By the light of the moon, we see Huck and Tom secure their
text: raft on the bank of a foreboding, wooded island in the
text: middle of the Mississippi.
speaker_heading: HUCK
text: Stumblin' on Injun Joe in the
dialog: dark ain't my idea of a good
dialog: time. We'll find us a place to
dialog: - “camp and wait ‘til first light.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Okay. But let's leave the raft
dialog: here just in case we have to
dialog: make a quick getaway.
text: As the boys begin to tramp inland, the raft comes loose
text: and floats off downriver.
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JACKSON'S ISLAND ~ NIGET
text: Tom and Huck stretch out in the tall grass on the bank of
text: a@ small stream fed by a cascading waterfall. They stare
text: up at a ceiling of twinkling stars.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You really got it made.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (caught off
dialog: guard)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Livin' like this all the time.
text: Sleepin' out in the open, under
dialog: the stars. Doin' what you
dialog: please. Nobody to tell you
dialog: when to go to bed. Nobody to
dialog: make you go to school or change
dialog: your shirt or clean your ears
dialog: or eat your dinner.
speaker_heading: HUCK.
dialog: Yep. This here's the way to
dialog: live... Nobody's gonna tell me
dialog: what to do or where to go, or
dialog: when to be there...
dialog: (protesting a
dialog: little too
dialog: much)
dialog: You'll never catch me cooped up
text: in some stuffy old house with
text: some liver-lipped old lady
dialog: makin' me eat whatever's on the
text: Plate in front of me.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You don't know how lucky you
dialog: are.
text: Huck snorts and turns away, covering his vulnerability...
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Damn right...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAME SCENE - DAWN
text: Shafts of morning light stream through the trees. Tom is
text: sprawled on the ground, waking up. He yawns, stretches
text: and scratches.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Huck? —-
text: Tom looks around. No sign of Huck. He's all alone. Now
text: the woods begin to take on a sinister quality. Tom rises.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Huck?
text: Suddenly, Huck drops out of a tree and lands right in
text: front of Tom. He is covered head to foot in mud and
text: leaves, every square inch of him, looking like some jungle
dialog: savage. ———
text: Only the whites of his eyes can be seen under the brown
text: goop. Totally camouflaged.
text: Tom gapes at Huck, then breaks into a wide grin. Huck
text: raises his hand -- it's filled with mud -- and glops it
text: across Tom's face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 54
scene_heading: EXT. INTUN JOE'S STILL - DAY
text: In a clearing, we FIND Injun Joe asleep beside his whiskey
text: still. An empty bottle lies on the ground beside him and
text: Joe is snoring up a storm.
text: In the woods beyond, we detect movement.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: Huck peers around the side of a tree, still in his
text: camouflage disguise. Tom sticks his head out from the
text: other side. Now he, too, is wearing mid and leaves and
dialog: looking like a wild savage. If it wasn't for the whites
dialog: of their eyes, you'd think they were part of the forest.
speaker_heading: HUCK ~ oe
dialog: (observing Injun
dialog: Joe)
dialog: He's drunk asleep. Shouldn't
dialog: be too hard to get that map.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah. Let's get it and git.
text: Tom takes a step forward, notices that Huck hasn't moved.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Ain't you comin'?
text: Huck casts a look at Injun Joe. Something registers on
dialog: his face. Is it fear?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: One map don't need two boys.
dialog: I'll wait here.
text: Tom gives Huck a look, then starts tiptoeing forward. A
text: twig SNAPS. Tom freezes. Injun Joe sits up, hungover and
text: bleary-eyed. He stares right through Tom whose camouflage
text: makes him invisible.
text: Injun Joe goes back to sleep, his snoring continues.
text: Tom lets out the breath he has been holding and creeps
text: forward. He sees a corner of the map sticking out of
text: Joe's pocket. Injun Joe snorts. Tom freezes. Then,
text: Tom's muddy hand slowly reaches across Injun Joe's face,
text: heading for the map.
text: Suddenly, some mud drips off Tom's arm and lands splat in
text: Joe's mouth. Tom is scared shitless. But Injun Joe,
text: still sleeping, merely licks the mud off his lips and
text: Swallows it. Then he goes back to snoring.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: —_— 55
text: Tom reaches over to get the map. His fingers close around
text: the edge and he slowly draws it out of Joe's pocket.
dialog: Further. Further. He's almost got it.
text: And that's when a cannon fires nearby. BOOM!
text: Tom leaps back (without the map) and slams into Injun
text: Joe's still. It tips over and CRASHES to the ground.
text: Whiskey spills and spurts. Equipment CLATTERS and CLANKS
text: Huck comes out of nowhere. He-grabs Tom and snatches him
text: into the surrounding foliage. The boys freeze, trying to
dialog: blend in.
text: Injun Joe leaps to his feet. He looks around at his
text: destroyed still and stomps around angrily. He doesn't
text: notice the four eyeballs watching him from the foliage.
text: Injun Joe draws his kiiifel The eyes in the foliage widen.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: Goddamn wild boars!
text: Injun Joe throws his knife. It spins end over end and
text: Slams directly into the center of a bull's-eye painted on
text: a distant tree. One hell of a throw.
text: Tom and Huck. Their eyes are bugging out now. They look
text: at each other in fear.
text: BOOM! The cannon roars again.
text: injun Joe turns in the direction of the cannon fire. He
text: picks up his rifle, retrieves his knife and stalks off to
dialog: investigate. wn oe
text: OVER to Tom and Huck. They look at each other. And take
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JACKSON'S ISLAND - SHORELINE - DAY
text: BOOM! The cannon fires again. The two jungle savages run
text: through the trees, skidding to a stop at the edge of the
dialog: bank they landed on.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: The raft's gone!
text: BOOM! Closer. The boys hit the ground and squirm under
text: some bushes.
dialog: 
dialog: Sé
text: A ferryboat comes downriver, a big cannon mounted on the
text: prow. White smoke lays across the water. The
text: cannon fires again.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What're they doin'?
speaker_heading: EUCK
dialog: Lookin’ for somebody's what's
dialog: drowned. “You shoot a cannon
text: over the water to make the body
dialog: come to the top.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (thrilled)
dialog: I wonder who it was.
text: “As the ferryboat drawS~closer, Tom and Huck are able to”
text: see the passengers -- Aunt Polly, Cousin Mary, the Sheriff
text: and OLD TIM.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TOM oe
dialog: {continuing;
dialog: realizes)
dialog: It's me. I'm the one who
dialog: drowned!
text: Tom busts up laughing. Huck has to clamp a hand over his
text: mouth to keep him from being heard as the ferryboat passes
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Tom spent half his school days
dialog: swimming in this-river-. He -was : ——
dialog: a good swimmer. -
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: I'm sorry, Miss Polly, but if
dialog: he was on that raft when the
dialog: steamboat hit it, it wouldn't
dialog: matter a hoot how good a
dialog: swimmer he was.
text: BOOM! The cannon barks again. The Sheriff leans out.
speaker_heading: - -— SHERIFF
dialog: Look sharp! His body mighta
dialog: washed up on the shore and got
dialog: tangled in the brush!
text: Polly bursts into tears. Mary gives the Sheriff a harsh
text: look. He shrugs apologetically.
text: The ferryboat continues downriver. They're far enough pst
text: for Huck to remove his hand from Tom's mouth. Tom lets
text: out a whoop of enjoyment.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Did you see their faces?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: {he did; and it's
dialog: made an
dialog: impression)
dialog: Your aunt looked real sad.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: She sure did! —Boy, this is the
dialog: best trick that's ever been
dialog: pulled in the history of
dialog: Hannibal. They really miss me.
dialog: What do you think of that?
text: Huck isn't able to enjoy Tom's merriment.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: I dunno. J ain't never been
dialog: missed.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: They think I'm dead.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: It could still happen.
text: Huck points into the distance. Injun Joe is seen paddling
text: away from the island. As the smile disappears from Tom's
dialog: face...
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI RIVER - DAY
text: Tom and Huck are each on a log, paddling furiously toward
text: the bank where Injun Joe's canoe is beached. ‘The boys are
text: back in their clothes again.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Looks like he's headin' for the
dialog: hills.
text: They slip off their logs and let them float away. The
text: boys slog through the water, then run past the canoe and
text: head into the woods.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WOODS - DAY
text: The sky has turned dark. A heavy rain is falling.
dialog: 
dialog: 58
text: Tom and Huck creep through the darkening forest, fcllowing
text: @ narrow beaten path. “They stop.
speaker_heading: HUTK
dialog: I don't see his prints
dialog: must've turned off on that road
text: a mile back.
dialog: 
text: They turn around. That's when they hear RATTLINS and
text: CLANKING coming up the path behind them.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: I dunno -- but it's gettin’
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Then what're we standin' here
dialog: for?
text: The boys take off running. As they disappear, we see the
text: source of the RATTLING and CLANKING. It's Injun Joe and
text: Emmett the tavern keeper on a rickety wagon pulled by a
text: broken-down horse.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING
text: Tom and Huck emerge from the woods and are caught in the
text: full downpour of the rainstorm. Ahead of them is a
text: spooky-looking deserted mansion smothered in woods.
dialog: _. TOM .
dialog: That's the old Hawkshaw place.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: I hope it's dry inside.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's supposed to be haunted.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: That ain't no big deal. Ghosts
dialog: don't come out 'til night.
text: They hear the CLANKING behind them.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You sure about that?
text: With no place else to go for safety or shelter, the boys
text: hightail it to the haunted house. Rain pours down. The
text: wind SLAMS the shutters open and shut.
dialog: ry
text: _and bolt _up a rickety staircase.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: mn
dialog: 'o
scene_heading: --INT. HAUNTED HOUSE —-~—DAY
text: But it might as well be night it's so dark outside. The
text: door CREAKS open. Tom and Huck enter, brushing thick
text: cobwebs out of their way.
text: Rats scurry everywhere. The plaster walls are cracked and
text: chipped. Weeds have overgrown the floorboard. Tom and
dialog: Huck are trying to be brave.
speaker_heading: — HUCK -
dialog: See? It ain't so bad. Not a
text: ghost in sight.
text: And that's when the front door falls off its hinges and
text: SLAMS to the floor. Tom and Huck leap out of their skins
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS
text: Tom and Huck scramble down a cobwebbed hallway. Tom
text: pushes a door open -~ and a ghost jumps out at them!
speaker_heading: TOM AND HUCK
dialog: Yaaahhhhhh!
text: Then they see it's just a rotted bed sheet, blowing in the
text: breeze and connected to a large canopy bed. The boys
text: enter the room. And see a large human-like bulge under
text: the bed covers. They both stare at it.
text: FOOTSTEPS and CLANGING approach from outside.
dialog: ———guck . eee
dialog: Listen!
text: The boys drop to their knees and look down through a hole
text: made by a missing floorboard.
text: Below, Injun Joe and Emmett enter the house carrying
text: shovels and picks.
text: Without thinking, Tom jumps up to min but Huck grabs him,
text: holds him fast.
text: Downstairs, Injun Joe T6dks up, suspicious.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: {uneasy)
dialog: They say this place is haunted.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: By rats maybe. Let's get to
dialog: work.
text: Injun Joe pulls out the treasure map and unfolds it.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: {continuing}
dialog: Accordin' to Murrell's map, it
dialog: should be right next to the
dialog: fireplace... a
dialog: 
text: Emmett goes to the fireplace, swings his pick and brings
dialog: it down with force. SMASH!
text: Injun Joe puts the map down on a dusty table and goes over
dialog: to help Emmett.
text: “Tom and Huck exchange excited grins. The map is almost
text: directly below them. Huck digs into his pocket and pulls
text: out a fishing line with a hook attached. Tom nods
text: eagerly.
dialog: i - ~_ —
text: As Injun Joe and Emmett dig up the floor, the hook slowly
text: descends from above. ~~
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: You sure about the fireplace?
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: 1 Ain't that what I said?
text: | And just to prove it, Injun Joe stalks over to the table.
text: 1 He snatches up the map and walks back to the fireplace.
text: He doesn't feel the hook snag his hat.and lift it off his
dialog: ! head!
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: See? Right here! Fireplace!
text: Behind him, Injun Joe! at oats in mid-air.
text: Tom and Huck look at each other. What should they do?
dialog: Reel it in? Let it fall?_
speaker_heading: EMMETT —
dialog: Well, if this is the right
dialog: place, he sure buried it deep.
dialog: I'm halfway to China.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: Keep diggin’.
dialog: 61
text: As Injun Joe crosses the room, Huck does his best to try
text: and follow him with the hat, hoping to drop it back on his
text: head. He manipulates the hat like a puppeteer, trying to
dialog: get it over Joe's head.
text: Emmett's pick strikes metal.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (with excitement)
dialog: Think I hit somethin’.
text: Emmett turns around to get Injun Joe's reaction -- and
text: Sees the hat floating a foot above his head.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: {continuing; in
dialog: terror)
dialog: Jesus Christ!~~- - ——
text: Emmett screams like a woman. He drops his tools,
text: scrambles past Joe and races out the door.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: What the...
text: Injun Joe looks up and sees his hat.
text: As the hat drops into Injun Joe's face, he lets out a cry
text: and takes off after Emmett.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE
text: Injun Joe and Emmett run down the road to where their
text: horse and wagon are parked. Soaked to the skin, greatly
text: out of breath, they turn around and regard the haunted
text: house. As Joe's heart rate returns to normal, so does his
dialog: greed.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: {angry)
dialog: Wait a minute! Ghosts or no
dialog: ghosts, that treasure is mine!
dialog: I'm goin' back! You with me or
dialog: not?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: With you -- I guess.
scene_heading: INT. HAUNTED HOUSE
text: Tom and Huck have taken over the excavation. Huck's pick
text: strikes something metal. The two boys look at each other
text: in excitement.
dialog: 62
text: Then, they bend down and, struggling together, lift out a
text: heavy metal box. They set it on the floor. Huck smashes
text: the lock with his pick and Tom jerks the chest open.
text: Their eyes widen. The chest is filled with gold and
dialog: silver coins. A fortune.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (awestruck)
text: Murrell's treasure.
text: FOOTSTEPS in approach. The boys turn. CAMERA SWINGS to
text: the open doorway as Injun Joe enters.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (calling back to
dialog: Emmett)
dialog: Come on, you coward. It wasn't
dialog: ghosts -- it was cobwebs.
text: Joe spies the treasure chest. CAMERA SWINGS with him as
text: he rushes across the room. Tom and Huck have vanished.
text: Injun Joe drops to his knees, digs his fingers into the
dialog: coins.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: slavering)
dialog: Look at you, you beautiful
dialog: money.
text: Behind him, Emmett enters. He is cautious but when he
text: sees the prize, he rushes over to have a look.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: How'd you dig it up so fast?
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: I didn’t.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (chilled)
dialog: Then who did?
text: They look around, spooked. But Injun Joe's determined to
dialog: have the treasure, no matter what the cost.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: I don't care if it was Old Jack
dialog: Scratch himself. It's ours
dialog: now. We're rich.
text: The money dissolves Emmett's concerns.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Hello, Texas, and the good
dialog: life!
text: Injun Joe slams the chest shut.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: No. We'll wait 'til after the
dialog: trial. .I got to testify. Make
dialog: sure Muff takes the blame for
dialog: Doc's murder.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Where we gonna keep it in the
dialog: meantime?
scene_heading: ~ oe “INGUN ‘JOE -
text: At Number Two, under the cross.
text: Load it on the wagon.
text: Emmett lifts the heavy chest and staggers toward the door
text: with it. Injun Joe picks up the lantern, then reaches
text: into his pocket and takes out the treasure map.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Guess we won't be niddin' this.
text: Injun Joe sticks one corner of the map into the lantern
text: flame and tosses it over his shoulder as he goes out the
text: door. The burning map wafts through the air.
text: Tom and Huck explode from behind some curtains. They make
text: a dive for the burning map. But by the time they catch
dialog: it, the map -- the evidence that could save Muff -- is
text: burnt to a crisp.
text: Tom and Huck clamber to their feet and run to the door.
text: They are just in time to see Injun Joe's wagon thunder
text: away, moving too fast to follow.
text: The boys turn to each other in dismal defeat.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No more map.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: No more treasure.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No more Muff.
dialog: On that grim thought...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLS ABOVE HANNIBAL - DUSK
text: Night falls as Tom and Huck trudge back to town.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I wish I knowed what "Number
dialog: Two, under the cross" meant.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: If you ask me, we're better off
dialog: not knowin'.
dialog: TOM ee we
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: ‘Cause we're pushin' our luck.
text: Messin’ with Injun Joe is the
dialog: best way I know to end up dead.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What is it with you and Injun
dialog: Joe?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: You seen what he can do with a
dialog: knife?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah. They say he's the best
dialog: knife-fighter on the
dialog: Mississippi.
text: Huck's face darkens.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: No.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: My pap's the best. He taught
dialog: Injun Joe's everythin’ he
dialog: knows.
speaker_heading: “TOM
dialog: (with surprise)
dialog: Your pap? But you said your
dialog: folks was dead.
text: A beat. We see that this is hard for Huck.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: HUCK.
dialog: My ma died-when I was born.
dialog: And Pap never had much use for
dialog: me. He was too busy runnin'
dialog: from the law. Him and Injun
dialog: Joe met in jail.
text: gtakes Tom a moment to take all this in. He looks at
text: gk who has told it coldly, factually, without emotion.
speaker_heading: -. —TOM
dialog: Where's your pap now?
text: gk shrugs, feigning indifference.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Dead or drunk in jail. From
dialog: _._._ the day I_was born, he never © ~~.
dialog: - done nothin’ but beat me like a
dialog: rented mule...
dialog: {as his anger
dialog: bursts loose)
dialog: --- and show me how to do this!
text: sager-fast, Huck draws his knife and throws it. The knife
text: flies end over end and embeds itself -- WHAP! -- in the
text: tenter of the mile marker twenty feet ahead. It's an
text: *mpossible shot but Huck has done it with deadly accuracy.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Wow.
text: tye is astounded. He turns to Huck and sees a savage look
text: we the boy's face -- a look that tells him there is a side
dialog: wp Huck that is capable of great ferocity. Then, the look
dialog: gs gone.
text: gock jogs to the mile marker and yanks out his knife. He
text: wipes the blade on his pants and shoves it back in his
dialog: pelt.
text: joins him. He tries to think of something to say.
text: puckily, BELLS begin to toll in the distance, coming from
dialog: Hannibal.
speaker_heading: ‘TOM
dialog: {continuing}
dialog: You hear that?
speaker_heading: HUCK
text: Church bells.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: But it ain't Sunday.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Them's funeral bells.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You're right. I wonder who
dialog: died?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: You got a short mgmory.
text: Tom breaks into a huge mischievous smile.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: With all the excitement, I
dialog: almost forgot. I'm dead. Hey,
dialog: Huck, you want to come to my
dialog: funeral?
speaker_heading: OS HUCK
dialog: Hell. Why not?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Come on! I don't want to miss
dialog: this!
text: Tom runs down the hill. Huck follows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH ATTIC - NIGHT
text: From a HIGH ANGLE POV we can see people slowly filtering
text: in to the sanctuary. Most are sniffling and sobbing. All
text: this is accompanied by bad ORGAN MUSIC.
text: The POV belongs to the "deceased" himself, Tom Sawyer.
text: Hiding up in the attic with Huck, Tom peers through one of
text: a hundred or so cracks in the church ceiling. Tom is
text: beside himself with glee when he sees Aunt Polly, Sid and
text: Mary coming up the aisle, looking distraught.
text: Tom hears VOICES outside. He makes his way to the wall
text: and looks through a crack.
text: He sees a bunch of KIDS standing outside the church.
speaker_heading: FIRST KID
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Tom Sawyer beat me up once! He
dialog: knocked out two of my front
dialog: teeth.
speaker_heading: SECOND KID
dialog: That's nothin’. He knocked out
dialog: all my teeth and broke my arm.
dialog: 67
text: Then Tom sees:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Becky.
text: And she looks so sweet and sad, standing next to a teary-
text: eyed SUZY HARPER.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I wish I could see him just one
dialog: more time.
dialog: (sniffling)
dialog: I'd call him my sweetheart and
text: kiss him, right in front of
dialog: everybody.
text: This is too much. Tom is in total ecstasy.
scene_heading: EXT. ACROSS THE CHURCHYARD
text: The black cat's-eye marble, held between Injun Joe's thumb
text: and forefinger. PULL BACK as Injun Joe slaps a coin into
text: Joe Harper's hand, right on top of another coin. Joe
text: Harper looks at the coins and starts reeling off history.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Mickey Douglas got the cat's-
dialog: eye from his cousin in St.
dialog: Louis. Then he traded it to
dialog: Alfred Temple who sold it to
dialog: Doug Tanner who traded it to
dialog: Johnny Miller who -- no, wait.
dialog: Alfred sold it to Johnny who
dialog: traded it to Doug...
text: Fed up, Injun Joe grabs Joe Harper by the collar.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (intense)
dialog: Just tell me who owned it last.
text: Joe Harper looks into that evil face and almost wets his
dialog: pants.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Tom Sawyer. Tom Sawyer owned
dialog: it last.
text: Injun Joe's eyes widen. Joe Harper shakes his head sadly.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But it don't matter ‘cause now
text: Tom's dead.
dialog: 66
text: injun Joe looks around at all the mourners piling into the
text: church. He gives an evil grin...
speaker_heading: INJUN
dialog: Too bad. I'm so sad.
text: doe Harper backs away and hurries into the church.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH
text: People are sniffling and crying and dabbing their eyes.
text: Polly, Mary and Sid sit together in the front pew.
text: Surprisingly, even Sid seems sad. Mary pats Sid's hand.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You miss him, don't you?
text: Sid nods, feeling truly sorry for... himself.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: With Tom dead, I got nobody to
text: snitch on.
text: We see the Widow Douglas sitting off to herself, regal and
text: hawk-like. She dabs a tear, then looks around crossly to
dialog: make sure no one saw her.
text: Judge Thatcher stands at the pulpit.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Tom Sawyer wasn't a bad boy.
dialog: (a look at Becky)
dialog: Not from what I'm told.
dialog: (resuming)
dialog: He was just mischievous and
dialog: willful. In that respect, I
dialog: guess you'd have to admit
dialog: there's a little bit of Tom
dialog: Sawyer in all boys.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I know I speak for everybody
dialog: when I say we're going to miss
dialog: him.
text: Up above, Tom grins, loving every minute. He turns to
dialog: Huck.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'm beginnin' to miss me, too.
text: Huck is getting fed up with Tom's perverse enjoyment.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: How long are you gonna make
dialog: your aunt suffer?
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Through the crack, we see Aunt Polly crying.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing; a
dialog: twinge of
dialog: regret)
text: She does look sad.
dialog: Ifeéling for her;
dialog: under his
dialog: breath)
dialog: Don't cry, Aunt Polly. I'm
dialog: okay.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: —You-got-all-these folks-bawWlin’ me
dialog: their eyes out. Go home,
dialog: Tom...
text: Down below, Judge Thatcher looks up to heaven.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Lord, we'd do anything to have
dialog: Tom back.
text: Huck reaches out and gives Tom a shove. Tom falls on the
text: plaster ceiling which gives way beneath him.
text: The church ceiling opens up and Tom drops down. He lands
text: in front of the pulpit. Tom sits up, looking surprised,
text: shaking the plaster dust out of his hair.
text: Aunt Polly lets out a.cry. The entire congregation rushes
text: to Tom. Polly hugs him. He lets himself be fawned over,
text: enjoying all the attention.
text: Everybody is talking at once. Some are elated. Some are
text: laughing at the joke. But most are pretty damn furious.
text: Through a window, Huck drops down and looks in at the
text: celebration. Left out. Unloved. Huck turns and walks
dialog: away.
text: Becky works her way toward Tom. He sees her coming, pulls
text: away from Polly and steps forward to meet her.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hello, Becky. Ain't you glad
dialog: to see me?
text: Becky lifts a fist and punches him. Whap! Right in the
text: nose. Tom staggers back. Becky storms off. Judge
text: Thatcher follows her, giving Tom a sympathetic look. Tom
text: holds his bloody nose.
text: People crowd around Tom, welcoming him back from the deal
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Tom tramps through the forest until he enters...
speaker_heading: HUCK'S CAMP
text: Where Huck is shoving some articles into a burlap sack,
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Huck. What're you doin'?
text: Huck turns, acknowledges Tom with-a-curt nod, then goes ~—
text: back to his’ activity.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Packin',
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Time to move on down the river.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: "Why?" ‘Cause it's what I do.
dialog: I never stay long in one place.
dialog: Gotta keep movin'.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What about Muff Potter?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: We tried. It didn't work out.
text: Tom is upset, trying to find a way to keep Huck from
dialog: leaving.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: But, Huck, you can't go.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Gimme one good reason.
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: — - TOM ~
dialog: (struggling to
dialog: think)
dialog: Well. The Big Harvest
dialog: Celebration is comin' up It's
dialog: gonna be tons of fun...
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (a harsh laugh)
dialog: You gonna intreduce me to all
dialog: the folks? “That's a good one.
dialog: They'11] run you out of town on
dialog: the same rail.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Naw, they won't...
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: I don't leave places ‘cause IT
dialog: want to. I leave ‘cause sooner
dialog: or later they find me and run
dialog: me out. This time I'm gonna
text: beat ‘em to the punch.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {not giving up)
dialog: ... I thought we was friends.
text: Huck gives Tom a cold look...
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: You thought wrong -- I ain't
dialog: got no friends. Ain't got time
dialog: for ‘em...
text: Tom is heartbroken. Huck hefts his sack. He turns to go,
text: hesitates. Looks back at Tom.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: {continuing}
dialog: But if I did have one, I'd want
dialog: him to be like you.
text: And with that, Huck Finn disappears into the forest.
text: Tom just stands there, stunned. The world has become a
text: deflated balloon. Tom looks around at Huck's camp, 50
text: lonely now. The hammock. The empty picture frames.
text: Tom turns to go and walks right into Injun Joe.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yaahhh!
dialog: 72
text: Injun Joe gives him a hard shove and Tom falls down on his
text: ass. He scrambles backwards and bumps up against Huck's
text: "throne." Remaining at a distance, Injun Joe reaches into
text: his pocket. He takes out the black cat's-eye and gives it
text: an underhand toss.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: You lose somethin'...?
text: Tom's wide, frightened eyes follow the marble's trajectory
text: as it comes down, hits the ground and rolls right up to
text: his feet.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {in terror)
dialog: That ain't mine.
text: Injun Joe-slides out-his Jong silver knife:
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: Don't lie to me, boy.
dialog: Tom changes gears:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You know, you're right. That
dialog: is my cat's-eye. Reason I
dialog: didn't recognize it right away
dialog: is ‘cause I lost it in the
dialog: graveyard. Musta been two or
dialog: three months ago.
text: With lightning speed, Injun Joe hurls his knife. Tom
text: clamps his eyes shut, hears a THUNK. Cautiously, Tom
text: opens his eyes. Realizes-he wasn't the target.-. Tom turns
text: and sees that Joe has thrown the knife at an old portrait
text: hanging on a nearby tree. It's a portrait of a
text: distinguished looking man. Injun Joe's knife is stuck
text: right in his heart. Tom gets the "point."
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: Fetch me the knife.
text: Tom is paralyzed.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: - (continuing; a
dialog: sinister hiss)
dialog: I said fetch it.
text: Trembling all over, Tom manages to stand. He crosses to
text: the tree, pulls the knife out. Then, knees knocking, he
text: walks to Injun Joe.
dialog: ~
dialog: ub
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Now. Give it to me.
text: Tom holds out the knife. Injun Joe doesn't take it right
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You'd like to stick it in me,
dialog: wouldn't you? ‘Like to gut me
dialog: good. Here's your chance.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Go ahead.
dialog: (continuing; a
dialog: beat)
dialog: All you gotta do is kill me and
dialog: then go tell-everybody in - - aa
dialog: Hannibal what you know.
text: But Tom can't bring himself to do it. Joe is just too
text: damned scary. In a blur of motion, Injun Joe snatches the
text: knife and Tom finds the blade being pressed to his throat.
text: Injun Joe holds him, hisses into his ear:
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You didn't kill me, boy. Big
dialog: mistake. ‘Cause if you ever
dialog: say what you know, I'm sure as
dialog: hell gonna kill you.
text: Injun Joe lets out a terrifying laugh. He throws Tom to
text: the ground and is suddenly gone. Tom looks around. It's
dialog: like Joe was never there.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Tom glumly walks along the boardwalk. The TOWN BARBER
text: calls to a SHOPKEEPER.
speaker_heading: BARBER
dialog: I'm closing up tomorrow to go
dialog: to the trial. How about you?
speaker_heading: SHOPKEEPER
dialog: Wouldn't miss it for the world.
dialog: It ought to be almost as much
dialog: fun as the hanging!
text: Tom takes note and walks on. A horse-drawn carriage CLOPS
text: by, carrying Judge Thatcher and Becky.
dialog: 14
text: As they pass, Tom and Becky lock eyes. Tom is hoping for
text: some sign of affection. Instead, Becky contorts her face
text: and sticks her tongue out The final blow.
text: Tom sits down under a tree. He stares into the distance
text: looking quite dejected.
speaker_heading: WIDOW DOUGLAS (0.S.)
dialog: Thomas Sawyer...!
text: Tom looks up to find the Widow Douglas peering down on him
text: from her smart carriage.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes, ma‘am...?
speaker_heading: WIDOW DOUGLAS
dialog: What's wrong with you, boy?
speaker_heading: WIDOW DOUGLAS
dialog: Nothing?! Then get your chin
dialog: eff your chest. A boy your age
dialog: shouldn't be moping about. You
dialog: look pathetic...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Widow Douglas, I sort of feel
dialog: that way.
speaker_heading: WIDOW DOUGLAS
dialog: Well, buck up -- enjoy your
dialog: youth while you've got it...
dialog: (moving on}
dialog: It doesn't get any easier, I
dialog: promise you that...
text: Widow Douglas drives off leaving Tom to contemplate the
text: ominous prospects.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAIL CELL - NIGHT
text: Muff Potter sits on his cot, staring into the shadows
dialog: looking devastated...
text: Suddeniy, in the barred window above the bed, we see Tom's
dialog: face...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hey, Muff...!
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: {turning, looking
dialog: up)
dialog: Tom...!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: How're you~doin', Muff?
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Not so good...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I brought you some corn bread.
dialog: I saved it from dinner...
text: Tom pushes the corn bread through the bars in a checked
dialog: napkin...
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: Gee, thanks...
text: ._ He starts hungrily eating the cornbread. .-—-...- --—-_——~—--
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: They treatin’ you okay?
text: Muff stops eating...
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Tom, they're gonna hang me.
text: Tom looks distressed -- he doesn't know what to say.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (finally)
dialog: ... Maybe not.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: I'm innocent -- I didn't do it,
dialog: I swear. IJ done some crazy
dialog: stupid things in my life, but I
dialog: never killed anyone. You gotta
dialog: believe me.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: “MUFF
dialog: You do? _
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yep. I do.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: How come? Nobody else does.
text: Tom struggles with what to Say...
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, I know you, Muff...
dialog: Sometimes, when you're drunk
dialog: you get kinda disgustin' --
dialog: but, I know you wouldn't hurt a
dialog: fly.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (starts to cry)
dialog: Doesn't matter -- they're gonna
dialog: hang me anyway...
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: Just my luck... Just my lousy
dialog: godforsaken luck...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (now quite
dialog: - uncomfortable) —- —~— - ae
dialog: Don't ery, Muff...
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (searching for a
dialog: reason}
dialog: Maybe they won't hang you...
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (woeful)
dialog: ..- It's gonna take a
dialog: miracle... Why would a miracle
dialog: happen to me...?
text: Tom huddles in the window, deeply touched and feeling
dialog: horrible...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: -.. I don't know, Muff -- I
dialog: guess, all kinds of strange
dialog: things can happen to almost
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Tom lies in bed, staring out the window at the stars.
text: Sid's bed is empty. The door opens, letting in a shaft of
text: light from the hall. Tom looks up as Aunt Polly enters, a
text: look of concern on her face.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Why, Tom, it's not bedtime for
dialog: another hour. Are you feeling
dialog: all right?
dialog: 77
text: Polly sits down on the edge of the bed, puts her hand on
dialog: Tom's forehead. -.-
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: {continuing)
dialog: You don't have a fever. What's
dialog: ailing you?
text: Tom looks at her, emotions whirling across his face.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Aunt Polly, -what if-you swore
dialog: an oath, promisin’ not to tell
dialog: somethin’. But the somethin'
dialog: you promised not to tell needs
dialog: tellin’.
scene_heading: AUNT POLLY — ee ee ee
dialog: oo an “What “happéns ZF you break the
dialog: oath?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You drop dead. And rot.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Not good.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah, and on top of that,
dialog: somebody'1] cut your throat
text: with a knife.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Not good at all.
speaker_heading: -—— TOM
dialog: But if you don't tell,
dialog: somethin' worse might happen --
dialog: to somebody who don't deserve
dialog: it.
text: Polly looks at the boy. She sees the trouble he's in.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Tom, for as long as I can
dialog: remember, you've been nothing
dialog: but trouble to me. Most of the
dialog: time you're selfish and
dialog: irresponsible.
dialog: (fondly)
dialog: But deep down, you're a good
dialog: boy. You've got a good heart.
dialog: And I believe you'll know the
dialog: right thing to do and you'll do
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: 768
text: Polly ruffles Tom's hair, gets up. She crosses the room,
text: smiles at him from the door.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: dust follow your heart.
text: Polly exits and closes the door. Tom considers her wise
text: words and gulps:
speaker_heading: 7 TOM
dialog: Muff's a goner.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL - DAY
text: Packed to the rafters.
text: Familiar faces include Polly, Mary, Sid, Becky,
text: Schoolmaster Dobbins, Emmett, the Sheriff, the Widow
text: Douglas, and Injun Joe.
text: Tom sneaks into the back of the room and looks around.
text: Muff Potter, haggard and hopeless, sits in chains next to
text: his DEFENSE LAWYER. Injun Joe sits with the other
text: witnesses. Judge Thatcher presides from behind his bench.
text: The PROSECUTOR, a man with an irritating theatrical flair,
text: displays Muffts knife as he questions the Welshman.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: And you're sure you-sold this - --
dialog: knife?
speaker_heading: WELSHMAN
dialog: Sure I'm sure. Last Winter.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: And is the man you sold it to
dialog: in this room?
speaker_heading: WELSHMAN
dialog: ‘Course he is. Why, I --
speaker_heading: ~- PROSECUTOR
dialog: Could you point out the owner
dialog: of this knife, please?
speaker_heading: WELSHMAN
dialog: Are ya blind? He's right
dialog: there!
dialog: {points to Muff)
dialog: Muff Potter!
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: That will be all.
dialog: (turns to the
dialog: Defense)
dialog: Your witness.
text: The Defense rises.
speaker_heading: DEFENSE
dialog: No questions.
text: Muff links lower in his chair.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Iinjun Joe is on the stand. The entire courtroom is
text: transfixed.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: So I headed up to the cemetery.
dialog: I often like to sit up there
dialog: and watch the stars.
text: Tom's eyes narrow, mad as hell. Muff just shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Anyways, I saw Muff drunk.
dialog: Real drunk and ina rage. I
text: saw him lift the knife and
dialog: before I knew what was .
dialog: happening, he plunged it down
dialog: into the Doc. Four times he
dialog: stabbed him.
text: The whole crowd cringes and squirms.
text: The Prosecutor smiles and turns to the Defense.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Your witness.
text: The Defense rises.
speaker_heading: DEFENSE
dialog: No questions.
text: Judge Thatcher frowns. Someone in the crowd yells:
speaker_heading: SOMEONE
dialog: We know he's guilty but by God,
dialog: you gotta at least pretend to
dialog: give him a fair trial!
dialog: 73
text: Shouts and cat-calls. The Defense ignores it. Judge
text: Thatcher pounds his gavel.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Order! Order in the court!
text: The Prosecutor steps up.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: By the testimonies of these
dialog: simple citizens, we have proved
dialog: beyond a shadow of a doubt that
dialog: Muff Potter is guilty of the
dialog: murder of Doctor Jonas
dialog: Robinson. We rest our case!
speaker_heading: BO
text: Injun Joe walks back to his chair, a smirk on his face.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Counsel for the defense. Do
dialog: you have a defense?
text: The crowd yells as the Defense slowly rises.
speaker_heading: DEFENSE
dialog: We do, Your Honor. The Defense
dialog: calls to the stand -~- Thomas
dialog: Sawyer!
text: The whole crowd gasps.
text: Aunt Polly is shocked.
text: Tom feels all eyes on him as he walks up the aisle.
text: glances at Injun Joe who gives him a vicious look.
text: Tom places a trembling hand on the Bible.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Do you swear to tel] the truth,
dialog: the whole truth and nothing but
dialog: the truth, so help you God?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I... I...
dialog: He
text: Tom looks at Injun Joe's iron face. Unseen by others, Joe
text: slowly reaches into his jacket and draws out his knife.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Thomas Sawyer, do you swear to
dialog: tell the truth?
text: Schoolmaster Dobbins whispers loudly:
speaker_heading: DOBBINS
dialog: It would-certainly be the first
dialog: time.
text: The crowd titters. This really pisses Tom off. He looks
text: at Dobbins, grits his teeth and says:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I do!
text: The Defense steps forward.
speaker_heading: DEFENSE
dialog: Mister Sawyer, where were you
dialog: on the twenty-eighth of this
dialog: month at the hour of midnight?
dialog: _ Tom mumbles something, ce “
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Louder, please.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Iwas... uh... in the
dialog: graveyard.
text: The crowd gives a start. Polly's eyes widen.
speaker_heading: DEFENSE
dialog: And what were you doing there?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Tryin' to get rid of warts.
text: The crowd laughs. Tom gives them an angry look, then
text: catches eyes with Injun Joe. For Tom's benefit, Joe draws
text: out his knife a little further.
speaker_heading: DEFENSE
dialog: Were you close to the grave
dialog: that Muff Potter was digging
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (eyes on Joe's
dialog: knife)
dialog: Ie. Tee.
text: In the crowd, Dobbins stands up.
speaker_heading: DOBBINS
dialog: You're wasting your time. This
dialog: boy wouldn't know the truth if
dialog: it kicked him in the teeth!
text: Judge Thatcher pounds his gavel. The Prosecutor stands.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Your Honor, he's right.
dialog: Everybody in this courtroom
dialog: knows Tom Sawyer and what an
dialog: irresponsible teller of tales
dialog: he is. Some would call him an
dialog: outright liar!
text: Tom jumps to his feet, angry as hell:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I was there! And the knife
dialog: didn't stab Doc Robinson four
dialog: times. He was stabbed three
dialog: times.
dialog: 
text: In the gallery, the Sheriff is startled. He stands up.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: He's right! And I ain't told
dialog: that to a soul!
dialog: Tom goes for it:
speaker_heading: - TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Injun Joe and the Doc got into
text: a Fight. Muff tried to break
text: it up and the Doc hit him with
dialog: a grave marker, knockin' him
dialog: cold.
text: Tom grabs the Bible and points it at Injun Joe.
speaker_heading: TOM
text: Injun Joe took Muff's knife and
dialog: killed the Doc! It was Injun
dialog: Joe!
text: Injun Joe leaps up and throws his knife. It whistles
text: through the air. Tom lifts the Bible in front of his
text: face. The knife slams into the Bible -- WHAM! The blade
text: comes out on the other side -- an inch from Tom's nose!
text: The crowd screams.
text: Injun Joe charges across the room. He decks the
text: Prosecutor, elbows the Sheriff, head-butts Dobbins in the
text: nose -- and leaps out the window with a crash.
text: People yell and rush for the exits. Dobbins screams:
speaker_heading: DOBBINS
dialog: My node! He broke my node!
dialog: ~ ° 83
text: Tom stares at the knife embedded in the Bible. Then he
text: -looks at Muff Potter.—Muff grins at him, tears in his
text: eyes, eternally grateful.
text: Hands grab Tom and lift him up. People come forward to
text: congratulate him.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: ‘Atta boy, Tom! ~- Tom's a
dialog: hero! ~- Hurray for Tom! --
dialog: Hurray for Tom Sawyer!
text: The Defense Lawyer comes over and pats Tom on the
dialog: shoulder...
scene_heading: DEFENSE LAWYER
dialog: Tom, you did the right thing
dialog: coming to_me ae ar -
text: In all this confusion, Judge Thatcher nods to the Sheriff
text: who unlocks Muff's chains. He's a free man!
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI - DOWNRIVER - DAY
text: A lazy stretch of the Big Muddy, about fifty miles south
text: of Hannibal. Two flatboats pass each other, travelling in
text: opposite directions. The FLATBOATMAN heading NORTH calls
text: to the FLATBOATMAN heading SOUTH.
speaker_heading: NORTH
dialog: Say! You been up to Hannibal?
dialog: Just left this mornin’!
speaker_heading: NORTH
dialog: Did they hang Muff Potter yet?
speaker_heading: SOUTH
dialog: You ain't heard? Muff didn't
dialog: do it. It was Injun Joe
dialog: murdered Doc Robinson. Tom
dialog: Sawyer testified he seen Joe do
dialog: the killin'.
text: The men are not aware that their conversation is being
text: overheard by Huck Finn who lounges in a tree along the
text: shoreline, smoking his pipe.
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: NORTH
dialog: I'll be damned.
dialog: (then; a happy
dialog: thought)
dialog: Say! When they gonna hang
dialog: Injun Joe? I'd pay money to
dialog: see that!
speaker_heading: SOUTH
dialog: Ain't gonna happen! Joe got
dialog: away!
text: Huck feels his blood run cold.
speaker_heading: NORTH
dialog: Lordy. JI wouldn't want to be
dialog: that Sawyer boy!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AUNT POLLY'S HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: TICK -- TICK -- TICK -- the only sound we hear is the
text: ticking of the grandfather clock in Aunt Polly's sitting
dialog: room...
text: Aunt Polly is busy with her knitting. Tom sits in a
text: straight chair reading a book about King Arthur's Knights
text: ~~ but he can barely concentrate. Every CREAK, every BUMP
text: triggers his worst fears. His eyes dart from window to
text: window -- this is a boy who is terrified...
text: Sid sits nearby doing his multiplication tables. He's
text: clearly enjoying Tom being spooked.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: {without looking
dialog: up)
dialog: You boys lookin' forward to the
dialog: Harvest Celebration tomorrow?
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: i sure am.
text: Tom is silent.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: How ‘bout you, Tom?
text: Tom shakes his head, sullenly.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But you've been talking about
dialog: it for months.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I don't think I'll be goin'
dialog: this year.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: (acting shocked)
dialog: Not going to the Harvest
dialog: Celebration??
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Shut up, Sid.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Tom, you shouldn't have to
dialog: worry. The whole town'll be
dialog: there ~- safety in numbers, you
dialog: know.
dialog: “~~ sip . -
dialog: {suddenly sitting
dialog: up)
dialog: .» Did you hear that?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {reacting)
dialog: Hear what?
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: I heard something...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Where??
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Maybe the front door...
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Well go see!
text: Sid gets up and leaves the room.
text: HOLD on Tom as he hears the door open and close...
speaker_heading: SID (0.S.)
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: One moment, please...
text: We hear FOOTSTEPS moving toward the sitting room...
text: Now Sid pokes his head into the room...
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: {to Tom,
dialog: gleefully)
dialog: Oh, Tom -- there's an Indian
dialog: gentleman to see you.
speaker_heading: BE
text: Tom, furious, hurls a brocade pillow at Sid's head.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Tom lies awake in bed, eyes wide, staring into the
dialog: darkness...
text: Sid is fast asleep in the next bed, snoring away.
text: The wind BLOWS -- a branch SNAPS in the tree outside the
text: bedroom window.
text: Tom practically jumps out of his skin... Out of the corner
text: of his eye, he steals a glance at the tree and sees,
text: standing in the tree...
text: The SILHOUETTE of a man...
text: Tom freezes... Is it his imagination playing tricks on him
dialog: again?
text: Ancther SNAP and then, a BUMP...
text: Tom does the only thing he can think of -- he buries his
text: head under the covers...
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE WINDOW
text: As CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY IN, we discover there is, in fact,
dialog: someone in the tree...
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - THE WINDOW SILL
text: We see a grimy hand start to pry open the window. The
text: window CREAKS...
scene_heading: UNDER THE COVERS
text: Tom shivers and then, very tentatively, pokes his head out
text: from under the covers -- ‘just in time to see...
text: A DARK FIGURE COMING THROUGH THE WINDOW
text: Tom bolts up and is about to scream when a dirty hand
text: clamps over his mouth.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Shhh...
text: Back lit against the window we see the silhouette of
text: Huckleberry Finn. __..
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (whispering,
dialog: nasty)
dialog: Scared? You should be.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {catching his
dialog: breath)
dialog: Huck -- what are you doing??
dialog: 87
text: Huck shoves the pine shingle in Tom's face -- their oath
dialog: of secrecy.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Remember this?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah, but Huck...
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Accordin' to this, you should
dialog: be dead and startin’ to rot
dialog: about now.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I had to help Muff. Not to
dialog: help him woulda been wrong.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: You swore an oath. You swore.
dialog: Don't that mean anything?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Not if it's gonna end up
dialog: hurtin’ someone.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Well, the "someone" that's
dialog: gonna be hurt turns out to be
dialog: you. And you better keep me
dialog: out of it! This is your
dialog: mess...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Huck... Wait.7.
text: But in a flash, Huck is out the window and down the
text: tree... And Tom is left alone in the dark.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - DAY
text: CLOSE on Tom running through a cornfield. Ar first, we
text: think Tom is running from something. Then, we see that
text: he's running toward...
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. MEADOW - DAY
text: The big Harvest Celebration is underway. This is a
dialog: celebration that traces its roots to pagan times,
text: combining aspects of the Harvest Home and All Hallow's
dialog: Eve. a
text: Food is everywhere. There are games and contests, played
text: by children and adults. Kids bob for apples in tubs of
text: water. A BAND plays popular songs. The whole town has
dialog: turned out...
text: —- “We FIND Old Tim who's Entertaining a group of wide-eyed _
dialog: kids.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: If you go to the crossroads and
dialog: | listen to the wind, you can
dialog: ' learn all the most important
dialog: things that will befall you in
dialog: the next twelve months.
text: MOVING THROUGH, we FIND Becky and a group of GIRLS are
dialog: enacting an old superstitious rite to foretell your
text: husband. The girls stand in line with eyes closed and
dialog: ' chant:
scene_heading: ' BECKY AND GIRLS
dialog: "I sew hemp seed and he who is
dialog: j to be my husband, -let him come
dialog: and harrow it."
text: The girls toss seeds over their shoulders, giggling and
text: enjoying their silliness.
scene_heading: GIRL IN CHARGE
dialog: Now turn and you shall see the
dialog: form of your husband.
text: The girls turn but there's only an empty field behind
text: them. They laugh and go off to some other activity.
text: Except for Becky. “She hesitates. Suddenly, Tom emerges
text: from the adjacent cornfield. He walks up to her...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (a shy smile)
dialog: Hello, Becky.
text: Becky lets out a gasp.
speaker_heading: 8S
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Oh, no! 7
text: Embarrassed, Becky turn sand flees. Tom runs after her.
text: He catches her but she won't look him in the eye.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What's wrong? Am I that bad to
dialog: look at?
scene_heading: ~~ BECKY 7
dialog: (blurting)
dialog: We're going to be married!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {shocked)
dialog: What?
text: Beéky reacts to his expression.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (miffed)
dialog: Well, you needn't look so
dialog: disappointed. I don't like it
dialog: any better than you do.
text: And with that, Becky runs off to join the other girls.
text: Tom stands there, looking bewildered. Joe Harper joins
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What's wrong with you?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I think I just got married and
dialog: divorced at the same time.
text: Before Joe can question this, Old Tim shouts out to all
dialog: the kids:
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Who's ready for the cave?
text: With whoops and cheers, the children assemble. Torches
text: are handed out and Old Tim leads the throng up a trail
text: toward t gaping hole in the side of the mountain --
text: MacDongal's Cave.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: INT. TAVERN - NIGHT
text: The place is empty. Everyone's at the celebration. All
text: but Emmett. He's loading a shovel and a pick into a
text: burlap sack when he hears the door CREAK open. A shadow
text: falls over Emmett and the bar.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: —{as he turns)
dialog: Can't you read the sign? It
dialog: says we're clo...
text: Emmett cuts off in mid-word. The man standing in the
text: doorway wears a long coat and a low slouch hat which
text: conceals his face. He steps into the light. It's Injun
dialog: Joe.
speaker_heading: . - EMMETT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Joe!
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: {a knowing evil
dialog: smile)
dialog: _Gonna do a little diggin'
dialog: without me?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (nervous; popping
dialog: eweat)
dialog: No, Joe. I was just gettin’
dialog: the tools ready for when you
dialog: came back. Boy, am I glad to
dialog: see you.
text: Injun Joe remains ice cold.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: I don't think you're glad to
dialog: see me. I think you was gonna
dialog: go to Number Two under the
dialog: cross and get the treasure for
dialog: yourself. -~ ~~ .
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Joe, I wouldn't cheat you.
text: Emmett's eyes lower to the gun he keeps under the bar. He
text: moves closer to it.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: That's right. You wouldn't
dialog: cheat me. ‘Cause you're smart
dialog: enough to know that if you
text: Emmett goes for the gun. But his fingers never reach it.
text: Injun Joe's knife comes sailing like a missile and embeds
text: itself in Emmett's chest. Emmett fails to the floor,
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (continuing; a
dialog: deadly grin)
dialog: ++. I'd have to kill you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: The adults Carry torches and are busy exploring the
text: beautiful ancient Indian hieroglyphics on the cave walls
text: The children carry candles and are busy running and
text: chasing each other in the forechambers, their LAUGHTER
text: booming and ECHOING all over.
text: Judge Thatcher calls to Becky who is playing tag with her
dialog: girlfriends.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Be careful, Rebecca.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Remember, kids, stay to the
dialog: forechambers!
text: Becky races around a stone column and runs into Tom.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (mocking tone)
dialog: Be careful, Rebecca. Stay to
text: the forechambers with the other
dialog: children, Rebecca.
text: Becky gives him a look.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I'll go where I please.
text: Becky looks off to a dark, foreboding tunnel. She calls
text: out to Suzy Harper.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Come on, Suzy! Let's go down
dialog: that tunnel.
text: Suzy gives the tunnel a quick glance.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Not me!
text: Suzy runs off. Becky's eyes shift nervously, aware that
text: Tom is watching her.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Maybe I'll go down it myself.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: tw
text: Becky looks at Tom. He smirks.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I dare ya.
text: That's all she has to hear. Angry, pride taking over,
text: Becky picks up a lantern someone has left on a rock and
text: storms off into the dark tunnel.
text: As Becky enters the tunnel, her look of defiance becomes a
text: look of dread, but she doesn't let Tom see it.
text: Tom is surprised by her boldness. And impressed. He
text: follows her. He doesn't hear Old Tim and the other adults
dialog: calling to all the children.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Okay! Time to go!
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ABOVE MACDOUGAL'S CAVE - NIGHT
text: Higher up on the mountain, Injun Joe lugs the sack
text: containing pick and shovel.
scene_heading: INJUN JOE - SEEN FROM A DISTANCE
text: This seems like someone's POV. Injun Joe slogs along.
text: From the valley below, the MUSIC drifts up, eerily. Joe
text: arrives at a secret entrance to the caves -- a small
text: opening hidden by the surrounding foliage. He disappears
dialog: within.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - HUCK
text: Huck moves out from behind a boulder. It's clear he's
text: been following Injun Joe... He hesitates for a moment,
text: torn as to what to do -- struggling with his feelings and
dialog: his fears...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - SATAN'S CATHEDRAL
text: Tom and Becky step into an enormous cavern with a small
text: creek running through it. The banks of the creek are
text: encrusted with a frostwork of glittering crystals. Becky
text: is awestruck.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: It's beautiful.
dialog: 1
dialog: wo
dialog: ue
text: Tom shrugs, pretending to be aloof and unimpressed.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: i've been here plenty of times.
dialog: It's called Satan's Cathedral.
text: Becky gives him a look.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Well, I'll find a cavern you
dialog: haven't been to and I'll name
dialog: it myself. ~
text: Becky crosses the cavern, headed for another tunnel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ~~ “INT, CAVE = PASSAGE WAY
text: Injun Joe makes his way down a dark passage, moving toward
dialog: the bowels of the cave...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE
text: All the children scramble out, covered in mud and slime
text: but happy as can be. Old Tim says to the Welshman:
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: That's the last of 'em as far
dialog: as I can see.
text: The Welshman pats Old Tim on the back as they follow the
dialog: others downhill.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAVE
text: Becky enters another huge cavern. It is filled with
text: stalactites and stalagmites that shine from the light of
text: Becky's lantern.
speaker_heading: ~ “BECKY |
dialog: This one's even more beautiful.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {as he enters;
dialog: blase)
dialog: We call it Aladdin's Palace.
text: Becky glares at him. Tom smiles. Then, wanting to
text: impress her, he cups his hands over his mouth.
scene_heading: __ EXT. FIELD
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Helloooss!
text: His voice ECHOES across the cavern.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - TUNNEL
text: injun Joe, stooped over in a low tunnel, reacts to the
text: distant sound of a HUMAN VOICE somewhere in the cave...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
text: Aunt Polly meets Judge Thatcher in front of the bonfire
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Hello, Judge.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Miss Polly.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: I was wondering if you've seen
dialog: Tom.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Why, no. Last time I saw him
dialog: he was with Rebecca. They were
text: chasing around in the cave.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: I thought they came out with
dialog: everybody else but I don't see
dialog: them,
text: Sheriff Hicks comes running up, frightened and out of
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What is it, Sheriff? What's
dialog: wrong? _
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Judge, I was making my rounds
dialog: in town when I seen the door to
dialog: the tavern standing open. I
dialog: went inside and there he was --
dialog: Emmett ~- lying there deader
text: than a mackerel -- with a big
text: knife-hole in his heart.
dialog: wo
dialog: ut
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: A knife, you say?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
text: Only one man can throw a knife
dialog: like that.
text: Polly grips Thatcher's arm.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Injun Joe! He's come back to
dialog: get his revenge.on Tom!
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: And if Becky's with him...
dialog: (then; quickly)
dialog: We've got to find them!
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - ALADDIN'S PALACE
text: Tom and Becky both holler. Their VOICES ECHO and bounce
text: off the walls. They yell louder, having a great time.
text: Suddenly, a loud RUMBLING ricochets around the cavern.
text: Tom stops yelling, a look of concern on his face. Becky
text: yells again. Tom grabs her.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Stop, Becky!
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You don't tell me what to do.
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Hellooooo!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No, Becky --
text: Too late. A group of huge boulders are jarred loose and
text: CRASH down into the cavern. Tom grabs Becky and pulls her
text: out of the way of the avalanche.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - SMALL CHAMBER
text: While moving through a small chamber, Injun Joe hears the
text: SOUNDS of the avalanche. He quickly darts into an
dialog: adjoining tunnel...
speaker_heading: CcuT To:
dialog: wo
dialog: an
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD
text: Judge Thatcher is organizing a group of men to return to
text: the caves. They are lighting torches, cocking rifles,
dialog: etc.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Those of you with wives and
dialog: children, make sure they're
dialog: safe. The rest of you -~ with
dialog: me. My daughter and Tom Sawyer
text: may still be in the caves.
text: Old Tim steps forward.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: I'll lead ya, Judge.
dialog: Le THATCHER vee ee ~
dialog: (a nod of thanks)
dialog: Let's go.
text: With Old Tim in front, they set off, torches blazing.
scene_heading: INT. ALADDIN'S PALACE
text: Amid the settled rubble, Tom and Becky see that the way
text: out is sealed off.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Oh, Tom, we're trapped.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Don't you worry, Becky. We'll
dialog: find a way out. — .
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: How?
text: Tom holds up his candle. A breeze blows. The candle
text: flickers.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: This way.
text: They move around a large outcropping of rocks and find a
text: small tunnel. ‘The wind blows their hair. Tom's candle
text: goes out. He takes the lantern from Becky.
text: Tom and Becky look at each other. Becky takes Tom's
text: hand... and they enter the tunnel.
dialog: cur To:
dialog: 97
scene_heading: EXT. MACDOUGAL'S CAVE
text: A _ procession of torches approaches the mouth of the cave.
text: Old Tim leads the way.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - TUNNEL
text: Tom and Becky run down a spooky passage, yelling:
scene_heading: TOM AND BECKY
dialog: Help! Help! Can anybody hear
dialog: us?
text: They round a corner -- and run right over a skeleton.
text: CRUNCHING its bones. Becky screams. Tom guides his
text: candle to illuminate the skeleton.
text: The skeleton is holding-a ‘rusty cutlass and there's an
text: eyepatch still in place over the skull. Tom can't contain
dialog: his delight.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: One:Eye Murrell!
scene_heading: INT. CAVE
text: Old Tim leads the search party into Satan's Cathedral. He
text: notices a cloud of dust wafting out of a connecting
dialog: tunnel.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Oh, Lordy.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: What's it mean?
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: There's been a cave-in.
dialog: On Judge Thatcher's stricken look, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER CAVERN
text: Tom is carrying Murrell's rusty cutlass as he and Becky
text: come into the next chamber where a waterfall cascades down
text: from the ceiling and into a black hole.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, at least we got water.
dialog: You thirsty?
dialog: ~ 98
text: Becky shakes her head "no." She points to the lantern in
text: Tom's hand. The candle inside is almost a stub.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: This is all the light we've
dialog: got. When this goes out...
dialog: it'll go dark forever.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Don't worry, Becky.
dialog: Everything's gonna be just --
text: Tom sees something and stops.
text: Behind the waterfall, something seems to be moving.
text: Becky turns to look...
text: ~ Very slowly, something comes through the center of the
text: waterfall. It's a watery face! The water slowly forms
text: around the face, then spreads to reveal...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Injun Joe!
text: The waterfall explodes as Injun Joe leaps through it --
text: carrying a torch which bursts into sparks but continues to
dialog: burn.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (a shout from
dialog: hell)
dialog: Tom Sawyer!
text: Tom grabs Becky and they race into another tunnel. Behind
text: them, Injun Joe hits the ground. He looks to see which
dialog: way they went and follows.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL
text: Tom and Becky run as if chased by the Devil himself. Up
text: ahead is a junction. Tom chooses a direction and they
text: disappear into the darkness.
text: Seconds later, Injun Joe arrives. He stops, cocks his
text: head to one side, trying to hear their FOOTSTEPS. But the
dialog: ECHOES are confusing here.
scene_heading: EXT. MACDOUGAL'S CAVE
text: The search party emerges. Aunt Polly and others rush
text: forward to get the news. Judge Thatcher, stoic, goes to
text: Polly, takes her by the arms.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: There's been a cave-~in.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: Oh, no,
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: The children may be all right.
dialog: Tim says there are other ways
dialog: in and out.
text: Polly is a strong woman but this is too much.
speaker_heading: AUNT POLLY
dialog: If I lose him again, I don't
dialog: know what I'll do.
scene_heading: ~~ “INT. "ENORMOUS CAVERN
text: Tom and Becky arrive in the most spectacular chamber of
text: all. It is a large cliff, overhanging a bottomless abyss.
text: As they enter, a cloud of bats suddenly flap to life and
text: dive-bomb them.
text: Becky screams. Tom pulls her close and they duck as the
text: bats flutter past and disappear.
text: Then, all is quiet.
text: Tom straightens up and then he sees it in the lantern
text: light -- on the wall nearby has been carved a big Roman
dialog: Numeral "II."
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Number Two!
text: Tom swings the lantern. There is a large rock formation
text: on the far wall, shaped like a cross.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Under the cross!
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Tom notices a jagged incline that leads upward toward a
text: small hole in the cave ceiling. Through the hole, we see
text: blue sky. They've found the way out.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Becky -~ look!
dialog: 100
text: She sees it, her heart soaring.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Go on. I'm right behind you.
text: Becky scrambles up the incline. Tom runs over to the area
text: under the cross. He sees freshly dug earth. Tom drops to
text: his knees and begins to dig frantically with the rusty
text: cutlass, scooping out dirt until it strikes a hard object.
text: The chest. Murrell's treasure.
text: Becky has reached the hole in the ceiling, realizes Tom is
text: still below.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {shouts back)
dialog: Find your father! Bring him
dialog: back!
text: Becky hesitates.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Tom...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hurry!
text: Becky is gone.
text: Tom grabs the chest, starts to lift it out when he is
text: “struck from behind. Tom goes sprawling.
text: Injun Joe looms over Tom, a wicked grin spreading across
text: his satanic features.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: Looks like I get it all. the
dialog: treasure and you.
text: Injun Joe draws his knife. Tom swings the rusty cutlass
text: into Joe's leg. The half-breed lets out a cry of pain and
text: staggers back.
text: Tom gets to his feet. He charges Injun Joe but Joe back-
text: hands him.
text: Tom hits the ground, losing his grip on the cutlass. It
text: skitters across the cave floor.
text: Knife in one hand, Joe pounces. He grabs Tom by the neck
text: and raises his blade, when:
dialog: . Tom! . wo ne
dialog: ici
scene_heading: VOICE FROM BEHIND
dialog: Get your hands off my friend!
text: Injun Joe turns in surprise. He looks up. Huck Finn
text: stands on the rocks above him.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: What the...
text: Huck launches himself into space and lands with both feet
text: on Injun Joe's chest. Joe goes flying, skidding across
text: the slick cave Floor, stopping an inch from the cliff's
dialog: edge.
text: Huck hovers over Tom who grins at him through his pain.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Huck. we ee
text: Injun Joe is on his feet, his knife flashing in the light
text: of the lantern. He gapes at Huck.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: I know you. You're Pap Finn's
dialog: boy -- Blueberry!
text: Huck gives Joe a deadly look and corrects him:
speaker_heading: HUCK
text: Huckleberry.
text: Injun Joe advances, knife gleaming.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: Your old man was the best
dialog: knife-fighter-on the
dialog: Mississippi. Did he teach you?
text: Huck whips out his knife.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: He taught me.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: Then let's see what you got...
dialog: river trash.
text: Huck's eyes flash and narrow to mean slits.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (through clenched
dialog: teeth)
dialog: I_ain't river ash.
text: Injun Joe and Huck go at it.
dialog: 102
text: As Tom watches, Huck wields his knife with great skill,
text: dueling Injun Joe.back—-and-forth, both moving closer, ever
text: closer to the cliff's edge. Joe's knife slashes at Huck's
text: clothing but Huck holds his own.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (as he fights)
dialog: You got guts, boy. And ina
dialog: minute, they're gonna be on the
dialog: ground.
text: Huck fights valiantiy but he's a boy and Injun Joe is a
text: man. With his free hand, Joe explodes a fist off Huck's
text: jaw and the boy goes flying, losing his knife.
text: Huck lands on the cave floor, stunned. Injun Joe raises
text: his knife to throw it.
speaker_heading: - = “INJUN JOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It's over, boy. I never miss.
text: That's when Tom shouts from behind:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Let's see you hit this!
text: Injun Joe whirls around and is horrified to see that Tom
text: is holding the treasure chest over his head, preparing to
text: hurl it over the cliff and into the abyss. Joe lets out a
dialog: ery from the bottom of his soul...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Nott!
dialog: ++. and charges Tom>——- ———'
text: Tom hurls the chest into the air and Injun Joe (in SLOW
text: MOTION) makes a spectacular dive for it, arms
text: outstretched. In mid-air, Joe catches the chest in his
text: arms and hugs it to his body only to realize that Tom has
text: tricked him into leaping over the edge of the cliff.
text: With a scream on his lips, Injun Joe falls to his doom.
text: It's over. Tom crosses to Huck and heips him up.
speaker_heading: — “TOM
dialog: What made you come back?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Seemed like the right thing to
dialog: do.. Maybe we are friends,
dialog: after all.
dialog: 103
text: Fair enough. The two boys venture to the cliff's edge.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Well, I guess Injun Joe got his
dialog: treasure.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Did he?
dialog: (a grin)
dialog: You don't think I could have
dialog: lifted that chest with all
dialog: those coins in it, do you?
text: Tom indicates the spot where he dumped out the entire
text: treasure. The gold and silver coins sparkle. They
text: sparkle almost as brightly as the eyes of Tom and Huck.
text: There is a loud CLAMORfrom above. _ ee
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Tom! Tom, are you all right?
text: The boys look up to discover a sea of concerned faces
text: peering down from the hole in the ceiling. Becky, Judge
text: Thatcher, Old Tim and Aunt Polly. Even Sid.
text: Seeing all the people, Huck retreats into the shadows but
text: Tom grabs his arm and brings him back into the light.
text: The townspeople marvel at the strange-looking boy.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: TOM ~
dialog: ~ (with pride)
dialog: Huck Finn! Not only did he
dialog: save my life but he's one of
dialog: the two richest boys in the
dialog: county!
text: Huck looks at Tom in surprise.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Who's the other one?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {a big grin)
dialog: You're lookin' at him.
text: Tom steps aside to allow the sun to shine on Murreli’s
text: treasure. As the others gasp, Tom looks at Huck and winks
text: at him. Huck breaks into a big grin -- it's the first
dialog: time we've ever seen him smile.
speaker_heading: CuT To:
dialog: 104
scene_heading: EXT. ABOVE MACDOUGAL'S CAVE ~ DAY
text: Nearly the entire town has converged around the hole to
text: the cave... Even Muff Potter is there.
text: Now, Tom and Huck emerge from the hole lugging their gold
text: in sacks. As the boys appear a loud ROAR erupts from the
dialog: crowd...
text: There is much back slapping and embracing: Tom and Huck;
text: Tom and Aunt Polly; Tom and Becky...
text: Now, the Widow Douglas confronts Huck...
speaker_heading: WIDOW DOUGLAS
dialog: Young man, what's to become of
dialog: you? Have you begun to think
dialog: about your future?
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: No, ma'am -- never had one.
speaker_heading: WIDOW DOUGLAS
dialog: Well, you've got one now and
dialog: you'd best begin.
speaker_heading: MUFF
dialog: (shouting our)
text: Three cheers! Three cheers for
dialog: the bravest boys in Hannibal!
text: As the crowd begins to CHEER...
scene_heading: EXT. HANNIBAL - MAIN STREET - DAY
text: CAMERA IS CLOSE on the fromt page of the local paper,
text: hanging in the window of the newspaper office.
text: The headline reads: "TOM SAWYER, HERO -- BOYS DISCOVER
speaker_heading: LOS' R URE.”
text: PULL BACK to reveal Tom looking at the headline. He is
text: all duded up in new clothes, playing the role of reluctant
dialog: celebrity but loving every minute. We don't see who he’s
text: talking to.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Bein’ a rich hero ain't all
dialog: it's cracked up to be.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: -- People after -you all the
dialog: time... wantin' to meet you and
dialog: shake your hand... borrow
dialog: money. You never get no time
dialog: for yourself.
text: Tom turns away from the headline and saunters down the
text: boardwalk, We WIDEN to show that he's being followed by a
text: group of admirers ~- little kids, not a one of them over
dialog: five years old. Tom's -£an-club. .
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Then there's all the social
dialog: obligations...
text: Judge Thatcher and Becky ride by—in-their—earriages—————
dialog: Becky calls to Tom:
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Don't forget,.Tom. You - -
dialog: promised to take me to Suzy's
dialog: birthday party! Three o'clock
dialog: sharp!
text: Tom smiles and waves back obediently, now the henpecked
dialog: boyfriend.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'll be there, Becky!
text: But as soon as Becky's out of sight, Tom turns gloomy.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: {continuing}
dialog: And the worst (part -- even Sid
dialog: is bein' nice to me.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Tell the truth, if I had it to
dialog: do over again, I'd rather have
dialog: my freedom instead of money and
dialog: fame.
text: Tom catches sight of himself in a window reflection.
speaker_heading: “TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You wouldn't catch Huck Finn in
dialog: a silly get-up like this!
text: Tom reaches a decision. He takes off his new jacket, rips
text: off his collar and tie, pulls off his boots and@ socks and
text: thrusts them on the kids.
dialog: 
dialog: - 106
text: Liberated, Tom is off and running toward the hills above
dialog: Hannibal. . . woe
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Tom is shouting happily as he runs.
dialog: 
dialog: - Huck! “Hey ,-H
scene_heading: EXT. HUCK'S CAMP
text: Tom bursts into the clearing and is startled to discover a
text: WELL-DRESSED BOY poking through Huck's possessions. _ The.
text: -—boy+s -back ~is-turned”t6 CAMERA.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: Hey! What are yon doin' here? ~
speaker_heading: _ BOY
dialog: (over his
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Takin' one last look. That
dialog: okay with you?
text: The Boy turns and stands. It's Huck Finn, magically
text: transformed. His hair is cut and combed. His face is
text: scrubbed. His suit is brand new. He's almost
text: unrecognizable.
scene_heading: ae - ——TOM ~~ Se
dialog: {can't believe
dialog: it)
dialog: Huck?
text: Tom approaches him, gaping.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (wanting Tom's
dialog: approval)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: - “TOM
dialog: I think one of us has lost his
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: The Widow Douglas is gonna
dialog: adopt me.
dialog: 
dialog: 107
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: . . The Widow?_.Well, she's okay.
dialog: But, Huck...
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: What?
text: Tom indicates the camp.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You're givin' this up? Movin. —
dialog: _ - to town? — ~
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: The next thing you're gonna
dialog: tell me is you want to go to
dialog: school.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: I start tomorrow mornin'.
text: Tom looks like he's been hit with a brick.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: I gotta sit down.
text: pom lowers himself into Huck's "throne," sadly shaking his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ou Huck, you'’re-the last person in
dialog: the world I ever expected to
dialog: get civilized.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: I done a lot of things, Tom.
dialog: But I ain't never been
dialog: civilized. I figger it'll be
dialog: kind of an adventure.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Oh, Huck... Huck... say it
dialog: ain't so. -
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (leoks around)
dialog: I gotta get goin'. Promised
dialog: the Widow I'd take her to the
dialog: church social.
dialog: 
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: __ fin_disbelief) — -
dialog: “ ™ "Church social?
text: Huck nods. Tom snaps. He goes ballistic.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That's it! That tears it! You
dialog: want to turn into a town boy,
dialog: go ahead. I ain't_gonna stop
dialog: - you! But I'm stayin’ right
dialog: here. I'm gonna live here in
dialog: the open like a free man! And
dialog: I ain't never goin' back!
dialog: Somebody's gotta carry on!
text: Tom folds his arms across his chest, determined nor_to .
text: —budge .—Huck -regards “himyhiding a sly smile.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: Suit yourself, Tom. I hope it —
dialog: works out for you.... what with .-
dialog: Winter comin' and all. Yep,
dialog: looks like it's gonna be a cold
dialog: one.
text: Huck turns to go, hesitates.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Well, if you change your mind,
dialog: you know where to find me.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: _. -And you know-where to find me! ~
text: Huck walks off through the trees and down the hill toward
text: Hannibal. Tom watches him, stewing, shaking his head,
text: seething with righteous indignation.
text: Tom turns to the audience, utterly confident:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't worry. He'll be back.
text: That's when a cold breeze WHISTLES through the trees. Tom
text: shivers, thinking "Winter." He frowns at Huck
text: disappearing down the hill.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a — “~ 109
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: continuing) oe
dialog: at ‘Look at him. He won't stand a
dialog: chance down there. He'll be
text: lost like a babe in the woods
dialog: with nobody to show him the
dialog: tricks. And nobody knows ‘em
dialog: as good as me.
text: Tom starts to go after Huck, reacts to the audience.
speaker_heading: — 2 - 6M : - aa
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't gimme that look. I'm
dialog: makin’ a major sacrifice here.
text: Tom runs down the hill calling:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TOM ~~
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Huck! Hey, Huck! Wait up!
text: Huck turns and waits as Tom runs down the hill to join
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HUCK
dialog: You comin' along?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I guess I got to. Somebody's
dialog: gotta look out for you...
dialog: Civilization can be a dangerous
dialog: place...
speaker_heading: HUCK _
dialog: —- ~——{nods) —- _ wae :
dialog: --. Turtle guts. Frog slime.
speaker_heading: “TOM
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Chicken and hens...
text: They laugh...
text: CAMERA RISES AND FRAMES the two boys, the town and the
text: river beyond in one of Huck's empty picture frames. We
text: HOLD on his shot as Tom and Huck walk down the hill to
text: Hannibal, figures in a landscape, friends forever.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
