scene_heading: INT. BOARDING SCHOOL - LIBRARY - DAY
text: LARA CROFT (16), a headstrong, long-haired beauty, is surrounded at
dialog: a
text: study table by her UNIFORMED CLASSMATES, one of which, DELIA, is
dialog: the
dialog: group skeptic.
dialog: Chyron: London, 1986
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: First of all Delia, my father is
text: much younger than he looks. And
dialog: second of all, you're completely
dialog: missing the point.
text: A LIBRARIAN across the way shushes the girls, forcing Lara to lower
text: her voice to a dramatic whisper:
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Once my father got inside Ghengis
dialog: Khan's tomb, he thought he was home
dialog: free.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. GHENGIS KHAN'S TOMB - DAY
text: Revealed in Lord Croft's FLASHLIGHT is Khan's decrepit MUMMY.
text: Clutching a crudely-fashioned CEREMONIAL DRUM.
speaker_heading: LARA (V.O.)
dialog: But as soon as he took the sacred
text: drum from Khan's bony clutches...
text: Lord Croft admires his prize stolen from the mummy.
speaker_heading: LARA (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: He set off the worst trap of all.
text: Lord Croft reacts to a RUMBLING inside the tomb. The very floor
text: beneath him is buckling from some unseen force. Racing for the
dialog: arched
text: doorway, Lord Croft stops when he sees:
speaker_heading: POV - LORD CROFT
text: Sections of the antechamber's tile floor are falling away, dropping
text: down into an INFINITE ABYSS now exposed.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Lord Croft takes a deep breath. Picks out the only route imaginable
text: across the precarious checkerboard floor...and sprints for the
dialog: entry
text: hole, drum cradled in his arms!
text: With each step the tile floor breaks away beneath him! Forcing Lord
text: Croft to snatch the drum in his teeth...and leap for the entry hole
dialog: with both hands!
speaker_heading: LARA (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: Then, just as the wall was giving
dialog: way...
text: Lord Croft claws desperately at the crumbling wall. Eyes widening
dialog: with
text: rlief when a WIRE LADDER dangles into view.
speaker_heading: LARA (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: My mother came to the rescue again.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: LADY VIVIAN CROFT, a spirited 40-something woman who expertly helms
text: the family chopper. Lady Vivian stares down at the mountainside
speaker_heading: ENTRY
text: HOLE where Lord Croft is climbing to safety on the wire ladder
text: attached to the helicopter's underbelly.
speaker_heading: LARA (V.O.)
dialog: There was still one problem. And it
dialog: was a big one: the Mongolian Army.
text: Lady Vivian notices DOZENS OF MONGOL SOLDIERS cresting the
text: mountaintop. Armed to the teeth. Sights on Lord Croft.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE - DAY
text: Hanging on with one hand to the wire ladder, Lord Croft uses his
dialog: spare
text: hand to unload an endless UZI CLIP on the soldiers.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: I don't buy it for a minute.
scene_heading: INT. BOARDING SCHOOL - LIBRARY -DAY
text: All eyes are on Delia as she tries to debunk Lara's story.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: If that drum is so bloody valuable,
dialog: why'd your parents send it to you?
text: All eyes now turn back to Lara as she returns the volley:
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Easy. If you were the Mongolian Army
dialog: wouldn't my dorm room be the last
dialog: place you'd look?
text: While Delia mulls that one, Lara spots a black BENTLEY ARNAGE
dialog: arriving
text: in the parking lot outside. Her eyes suddenly beam.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: To be continued. I gotta go.
text: Lara races away without explanation.
scene_heading: INT. LARA'S BOARDING SCHOOL ROOM - DAY
text: PAN ACROSS a floor-to-ceiling bookcase filled with odd SOUVENIRS
dialog: from
text: around the world, all lovingly displayed. As a woman's hand removes
text: one of the souvenirs we meet LADY VIVIAN CROFT in her formal,
dialog: elegant,
text: real-world attire.
speaker_heading: LADY VIVIAN
dialog: Look at this, Desmond. Every little
dialog: trinket we've sent back she's got on
text: display like the Crown Jewels.
text: LORD DESMOND CROFT is a stately business magnate but hardly a tomb
text: raider. Unlike his wife, Lord Croft is far more interested in the
speaker_heading: OLD
text: TRUNK across the room, overflowing with sports trophies, plus
dialog: various
text: academic plaques and certificates. He examines a "Ist Place"
scene_heading: GYMNASTICS TROPHY.
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT
dialog: Viv, I don't think our little girl's
dialog: ever come in second.
text: Lara bolts inside, winded from her run across school.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I don't believe it...
text: Lord Croft gives Lara a short, polite embrace.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought you two were off on
dialog: pressing business somewhere?
text: Lady Vivian holds onto her daughter a little longer.
speaker_heading: LADY VIVIAN
dialog: Lara, you didn't really think we'd
dialog: miss your 16th birthday?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (plays dumb)
dialog: Oh, is that today?
text: Both her parents chuckle at Lara's wit.
speaker_heading: LADY VIVIAN
dialog: We brought another souvenir to add
dialog: to your very impressive collection.
text: Lord Croft hands Lara a small, unwrapped BOX. Pulling off the lid,
text: Lara's face scrunches quizzically: a new passport.
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT
dialog: Someday it'll be filled cover-to-
dialog: cover, just like ours.
text: He looks at Lady Vivian, who nods in agreement.
speaker_heading: LADY VIVIAN
dialog: Well I think we should break it in,
dialog: don't you, Desmond?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (suspicious but hopeful)
dialog: What are you saying, Mother?
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT
dialog: The provost has assured us you're so
dialog: far ahead in your studies that your
dialog: professors will actually welcome
dialog: your absence for a week. So they
dialog: can catch up to you.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: A family trip!? Where're we going?
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT
dialog: Anywhere in the world.
speaker_heading: LADY VIVIAN
dialog: It's your choice, Lara.
text: What a tough decision for Lara, who thoughtfully peruses all the
text: exotic souvenirs her parents have sent her over the years.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Everywhere you've been...I've
dialog: dreamed of going.
text: Lara finally settles on the TIBETAN DRUM (from Lara's story), then
text: turns to her parents and smiles. Decision made.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OVER THE HIMALAYAS - DAY
text: A sleek Gulfstream III -- emblazoned with "CROFT INDUSTRIES" --
dialog: soars
text: through the jagged, pristine white mountaintops.
dialog: Chyron: Over the Himalayas
speaker_heading: LARA (V.O.)
dialog: I want to ski Mount Annapurna. No
dialog: one's ever skied there before.
speaker_heading: LADY VIVIAN (V.O.)
dialog: Lara, do you even know how to ski?
speaker_heading: LARA (V.O.)
dialog: That's the fun of it -- I'll learn.
scene_heading: INT. CROFT JET - CONTINUOUS
text: Lara sits on the floor (dressed in an almost tomboyish manner), her
text: back against a small sofa from where Lady Vivian enjoys braiding
dialog: her
text: daughter's long, lustrous hair. They're more like sisters with
dialog: their
text: similar mannerisms and matching DIAMOND TENNIS BRACELETS. Lara
text: charmingly rattles off historical facts to impress her parents.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Bet you didn't know Mount
text: Annapurna's actually a massif with
dialog: two primary peaks. Annapurna 1, the
dialog: tallest, wasn't climbed from the
dialog: south -- where we're going to ski --
dialog: until 1970 by the Chris Bonnington
dialog: expedition.
text: The jet's handsomely appointed interior has the feel of an English
text: sitting room that comfortably accommodates 8-10 passengers. Lord
text: Croft, who has to duck inside the cabin, pours himself a nip of
dialog: brandy
text: at the wet bar.
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT
dialog: Anything you don't know, Lara?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: I suppose it's possible, Father.
text: Lord Croft smirks as he takes a seat across from his women.
speaker_heading: LADY VIVIAN
dialog: Tell us about that drum I sent you
dialog: back from Tibet?
speaker_heading: LARA
text: It's made from a human thigh bone.
text: And it's part of an exorcism ritual.
dialog: That's really all I know.
speaker_heading: LADY VIVIAN
dialog: I attended the ritual once. Last
dialog: time we were here, while your father
dialog: was concluding a deal in Nepal.
text: This gets Lara's attention. And Lord Croft's.
speaker_heading: LADY VIVIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It was very moving. The ceremony
dialog: divests the dying person of all
dialog: their ego and emotions, preparing
dialog: them for the next life,
text: unencumbered.
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT
dialog: I always miss the good stuff.
text: Lord Croft swigs the last of his brandy. Lara peers out the window
dialog: at
text: the enigmatic mountains while confessing:
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: You want to know something funny...?
dialog: For years now I've told stories at
dialog: school about my parents being famous
dialog: tomb raiders -- that's how I
dialog: explained why you were always away
dialog: on business.
dialog: (turns back to parents)
dialog: My friends actually think all those
dialog: souvenirs you sent me, they're all
dialog: ancient treasures. Like that drum,
dialog: I've almost convinced them father
dialog: stole it from Ghengis Kahn's tomb.
text: Lord Croft gets a CHUCKLE over that one. But Lady Croft is not
dialog: amused,
text: seeing beneath her daughter's imagination.
speaker_heading: LADY VIVIAN
dialog: I know it's not been easy for you,
dialog: Lara, what with us abroad so often.
dialog: But from now on, we'll do better
dialog: than just holiday visits. How does a
dialog: family trip each month sound?
text: Lara looks to her father, who concedes his approval.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I can't wait for next month.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CROFT JET - LATER
text: LIGHTNING strikes in the darkening distance. The Gulfstream jet
text: disappears into a swirling miasma of low, dark clouds.
scene_heading: INT. CROFT JET - CONTINUOUS
text: The aircraft begins to shudder and sway in the turbulence. Lara
dialog: looks
text: anxiously to her parents as a SPEAKER in the cabin squawks to life,
text: one of the pilots addressing the Crofts:
speaker_heading: PILOT (OVER SPEAKER)
dialog: Nothing to worry about, folks. Just
dialog: some temperamental weather. Strap
dialog: yourselves in tight and we'll be
dialog: through this in no time.
text: Lara glances nervously out her misted window at the storm, jumping
dialog: as
text: LIGHTNING strikes the wing of the jet! The interior LIGHTS FLICKER.
text: The jet drops sudden altitude...then stabilizes. The Crofts all
dialog: exhale
text: in momentary relief.
text: Lord Croft unbuckles his seatbelt and heads for the cockpit.
speaker_heading: LADY VIVIAN
dialog: Desmond?
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT
dialog: You girls stay put.
text: Lady Vivian clutches Lara's hand with her own.
scene_heading: INT. CROFT JET - COCKPIT - CONTINUOUS
text: The TWO PILOTS, struggling to hold onto the shaking controls
text: acknowledge Lord Croft as he slips in through the partition.
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT
dialog: Anything I can do?
speaker_heading: PILOT #1
dialog: There's a portable radio in the
dialog: closet. Better get it out.
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT
dialog: (steps closer)
dialog: What's wrong with those dials?
speaker_heading: PILOT #2
dialog: We've lost primary power, Sir.
dialog: (beat)
text: She's going down.
text: His jaw slackening, Lord Croft stares out the windscreen...
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT
dialog: Good God.
speaker_heading: POV - LORD CROFT
text: Through a sudden break in the clouds appear two oncoming
text: mountaintops.
text: An unavoidable obstacle.
scene_heading: EXT. CROFT JET - CONTINUOUS
text: The aircraft continues its inexorable course right between two
text: craggy
text: peaks...SHEARING OFF THE ENTIRE LEFT WING!
scene_heading: INT. CROFT JET - CONTINUOUS
text: Chaos ensues as the jet begins a slow barrel roll, emptying
dialog: overhead
text: bins and closets. Lady Vivian cradles Lara tightly to her bosom,
dialog: shielding her daughter as best she can before --
text: -- SMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASH! The jet SLAMS into the ground with such
text: force the fuselage CRACKS in several places. A piece of the
dialog: fuselage
dialog: strikes Lady Vivian in the head!
scene_heading: EXT. CROFT JET - CONTINUOUS
text: Plowing across the snowy terrain like a runaway train --
speaker_heading: OBLITERATING
text: ALL TREES in its path -- the jet finally comes to precarious rest,
text: UPSIDE DOWN, bridging a deep chasm.
scene_heading: INT. CROFT JET - CONTINUOUS
text: CU - LARA hanging upside down in her seat. Unconscious.
text: CRAAAAAAAAAK!!! The already split fuselage breaks further under the
text: strain of its own weight.
text: This rouses Lara, who struggles to orient herself. Her eyes focus
dialog: in
text: on her mother crumpled and bleeding. Lara unbuckles her safety belt
text: and falls to the inverted ceiling. Scrambling through the chaotic
text: cabin Lara desperately cradles her mother.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Mother. Mother please. Please be
dialog: okay.
text: Lady Vivian's eyes flicker with dying life. Lara rambles:
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm so sorry. I should've picked
dialog: someplace else. We never should've
dialog: come here. Never, ever...
text: Lady Vivian reaches a trembling hand up to Lara's face, gently
dialog: wiping
text: away the tears streaking down her flushed cheeks.
speaker_heading: LADY VIVIAN
dialog: Always follow your dreams, dear.
dialog: (last breath)
dialog: Always...
text: Lady Vivian expires in her daughter's arms and Lara's sobbing gives
text: way to an emotional torrent of tears until --
dialog: -- CRAAAAAAAAAK!!!
text: The fuselage breaks further, threatening to snap the jet right in
text: half. Jolted from her misery, Lara peers out the jet window with
dialog: wide
dialog: eyes:
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: It's a 1000 stomach-turning feet to the bottom of the chasm.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Lara hears the sounds of a man GROANING somewhere near.
dialog: LARA FATHER! ?
scene_heading: INT. CROFT JET - COCKPIT - CONTINUOUS
text: Lara rushes into the upended cockpit where both pilots hang dead in
text: their seats -- the windscreen has been shattered. Lara sees her
text: father's feet, his body covered with a collapsed section of the
dialog: interior.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Father can you hear me!?
text: Lara frantically extricates her father, who is groaning in pain
dialog: from
text: the COMPOUND FRACTURE of his left leg.
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT
dialog: Vivian...where's my Vivian?
text: -- CRAAAAAAAAAK!!! The fuselage breaks further, increasing the
dialog: incline
text: inside the doomed jet.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Come on, we've got to get you out!
text: Lara starts helping her father up towards the windscreen. Pushing
dialog: him
text: through the jagged orifice, Lara watches her father topple safely
dialog: onto
text: the snowy chasm bank. Lara starts out herself, then smartly
dialog: realizes:
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Supplies. We need supplies.
text: Moving back to the closet, Lara starts gathering essentials (ie:
text: MEDKIT, SKIS, FLARE GUN, etc.) All the while the metal fuselage
speaker_heading: WHINES
dialog: under the tremendous strain...portending --
text: -- CRAAAAAAAAAK!!! This break causes Lara to fumble the flare gun.
text: Hanging on, she strains to reach the weapon...
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT (O.S.)
dialog: LARA GET OUT!!!
text: Stretching that extra inch, Lara secures the flare gun.
scene_heading: EXT. HIMALAYAS - CONTINUOUS
text: All the supplies, flung through the windscreen, land in the snow
text: around Lord Croft, who's anxiously watching for...
text: LARA DIVES THROUGH THE WINDSCREEN as the jet snaps in half! She
dialog: tucks
text: & rolls safely in the snow, showing off some well-honed gymnastics
text: moves. Together, Lara and Lord Croft watch in stunned silence as
dialog: the
text: jet fuselage CRACKS once more and, with her dead mother aboard,
text: plummets into the chasm.
text: Lara steps right up to the dangerous edge, tragic witness to the
dialog: jet
text: EXPLODING IN A FIREBALL when it hits rock bottom.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIMALAYAS - AS NIGHT SETS IN
text: TRACK a long path through the snow to Lord Croft bundled up atop a
text: TOBOGGAN/LITTER fashioned from skis. Slowly pulling her father
dialog: along
text: in the knee deep snow, Lara is battling hypothermia and fatigue as
dialog: a
text: LIGHT SNOW falls.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (mutters repeatedly)
dialog: We'll be fine... We'll be fine.
text: Hauling her father up a slight grade, what's left of Lara's
dialog: strength
text: is put to the test. As she feels herself reaching a breaking point,
text: Lara's "We'll be fine" mantra just gets louder -- she's running on
text: pure will power now. Finally, just as she crests the grade, about
dialog: to
text: collapse, Lara spots a MONASTERY in the near distance below. Lara
text: almost smiles.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: We're gonna make it!
text: Her spirit refueled with hope, Lara gets a second wind. Pulling her
text: father along with hopeful urgency...until an ANIMAL GROWL in the
text: surrounding shadows stops her cold. Arming herself with a
speaker_heading: FLASHLIGHT,
dialog: Lara scans the area:
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: The flashlight finds a BLOOD TRAIL leading from her father's leg to
dialog: a
text: pair of SNOW LEOPARDS lurking amongst the trees.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Lara quickly FIRES A FLARE...which spirals into the trees, only
text: spooking the animals momentarily. As the leopards advance with
dialog: hungry
text: eyes, Lara starts pulling her father as fast as her legs will carry
dialog: them to the monastery before...
text: A 20' PRECIPICE suddenly appears in her path! Nearly rushing
dialog: blindly
text: off the edge, Lara and Lord Croft survey their options: predators
text: behind them, a dangerous jump ahead.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Father...I don't know what to do.
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT
dialog: Save yourself, Lara. Everything
dialog: we've worked for...your mother and
dialog: I. You're all we have left now.
text: Lara eyes the snow leopards moving slowly in for the kill.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I can't leave you like this!
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT
dialog: I can't make it, Lara. You can.
dialog: (imploring)
dialog: You must.
text: Forced to act fast, Lara dumps all her supplies in a pile at her
dialog: feet.
text: With focused, unblinking eyes she rapidly examines all her
dialog: resources
text: before grabbing up two items...
text: CU - A FLARE is snapped in half. Keeping one eye on the snow
dialog: leopards,
text: Lara cleverly spreads the flash powder into a semi-circle around
dialog: her
text: father. And just as the snow leopards lope into swift attack --
text: -- WHOOOOCOSH! Lara ignites the powder with a LIGHTER. The waist-
dialog: high
text: WALL OF FIRE keeps the leopards at bay. For now.
speaker_heading: LORD CROFT (CONT'D)
dialog: That's my girl.
text: Lara kneels beside her father, clutches his hand in hers.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I'll get help, Father. Before this
dialog: fire dies out, I swear to you.
text: Lord Croft watches as Lara moves away from the precipice, measuring
text: her steps all the way back to the fire wall. Exhaling slowly, Lara
text: gathers herself. Hands fall to her side; a gymnast before her
dialog: routine.
text: Then, with quick, precision steps...Lara sprints for the edge and
dialog: leaps!
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Lara soars through the air with the grace of an eagle. But she
dialog: lands
text: hard, somersaulting several times in the snow. Immediately she
speaker_heading: CRIES
text: OUT in pain, her knee badly injured.
text: Gritting her teeth, Lara glances back at the dwindling FLARE FIRE
text: protecting her father from the leopards...then starts crawling
dialog: towards
text: the wooden monastery gates ahead.
scene_heading: INT. MONASTERY - NIGHT
text: Inside the ancient stone building a spry monk, KARAK (50), breaks
dialog: his
text: reverent meditation at a small shrine. His wise eyes search the
text: candlelit shadows -- something is amiss. With uncertain purpose
dialog: Karak
text: moves to the nearest window where he sees: Lara inching through the
text: snow. Ten feet from the monastery gates before finally succumbing
dialog: to
dialog: exhaustion.
scene_heading: EXT. HIMALAYAS - MOMENTS LATER
text: A GROUP OF MONKS, led by Karak, circles around to the precipice
dialog: froma
text: hidden, sloping ridge. The monks BANG POTS & KETTLES, successfully
text: scaring away the snow leopards.
text: Karak is the first to arrive at Lord Croft's side. He bends over
dialog: the
text: motionless man, listens for a heartbeat. After a moment, Karak
dialog: slowly
text: raises his head. His eyes tell the sad story as the flare fire
dialog: quietly
text: dies out.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: PRELAP the sound of drums, trumpets and bells.
scene_heading: EXT. MONASTARY COURTYARD - NEXT DAY
text: The storm has cleared. A Tibetan funeral ceremony in progress. Lord
text: Croft's body is swathed in a white robe atop an altar.
text: A handful of monks circle the dead man, performing the exorcism
dialog: ritual
dialog: Lady Vivian described earlier.
text: REVEAL - LARA watching the ceremony from a distance, off by
dialog: herself.
text: As one of the monks fervently bangs his drum -- a replica of her
text: parents' souvenir -- over her father's head, Lara turns away,
dialog: unable
dialog: to endure the tragic irony.
scene_heading: INT. MONASTERY - DAY
text: With views of both Lara and the ceremony, Karak turns away from the
text: window, faces an older monk at his side, TONPA.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: I cannot explain it, Tonpa, but I
dialog: feel my path is being re-directed.
speaker_heading: TONPA
dialog: Your dreams.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: Yes... This girl's spirit is
dialog: precious but fragile. She needs
dialog: guidance to fulfill her potential.
speaker_heading: TONPA
dialog: Go with her, Karak. And fulfill your
dialog: own potential.
text: Karak nods respectfully and heads for the courtyard.
scene_heading: EXT. MONASTERY COURTYARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Lara limps along the monastery wall as the ceremony continues. She
text: stops, her back to us, and stares down the sheer cliff into the
dialog: fog-
text: enshrouded valley below. CIRCLING AROUND Lara we reveal her face,
dialog: her
text: eyes -- nearly catatonic with grief. Melancholy classical MUSIC
dialog: swells
text: over the fading drums. As we PULL BACK, Lara inexplicably swan
dialog: dives
dialog: forward...
text: ...and splashes into an Olympic-sized indoor pool!
scene_heading: TRANSITION TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE CROFT ESTATE - YEARS LATER
text: LARA (29), collects DIVING BELLS as part of a training regimen
text: supervised by Karak, now mid-60s.
dialog: Chyron: Hampshire, 1998
text: When Lara finally breaks the surface with the last diving bell,
dialog: Karak
text: clicks his stopwatch, eyebrows raised, impressed.
speaker_heading: KARAK
text: Two seconds better than last week.
dialog: But you're pushing yourself too hard
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Still breathing, aren't I?
text: Lara gracefully climbs from the pool, showing off a beautifully
text: sculpted physique...frustratingly wrapped in a towel. This is no
dialog: longer the lonely, precocious girl we met 13 years ago; Lara has
dialog: grown
text: into a cool, physical young woman hiding a scarred heart that has
dialog: never fully mended.
text: Karak follows Lara inside the sparsely decorated grand manor,
dialog: stopping
text: at a STEREO setup surrounded by small mountains of CDs. Karak
dialog: switches
text: the somber CLASSICAL MUSIC to HIP HOP.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: You need a vacation. Change of pace.
dialog: I've taken the liberty of providing
dialog: a few options...
text: He catches up to Lara, hands her some CLUB MED BROCHURES.
speaker_heading: KARAK (CONT'D)
dialog: I've already spoken with Ruth and
dialog: Caroline. They're very excited at
dialog: the prospect.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (not in the mood)
dialog: I don't need another girl getaway. I
dialog: just get so restless between jobs.
dialog: You know that, Karak.
text: Karak steps in front of Lara, indicates her WOUNDED ARM.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: Lara, you still haven't healed from
dialog: your last "job." Which was less than
dialog: three months ago.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Seems like three years.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: You want to live on the edge, how
dialog: about a nice trip to Los Angeles?
text: Lara smirks, but makes no commitment as she strides away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN OCEAN - DAY
text: A SALVAGE BOAT floats atop the choppy waters off the coast of a
text: distant island.
dialog: Chyron: Caribbean Ocean, near Barbados
text: A gray-haired Scot, DARBY ERICKSON (70), anxiously adjusts the
dialog: oxygen
text: tanks on his-Venezuelan diver, ARTURO (35).
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: Remember Arturo, the chest may be
dialog: decayed. Go eyes open for the
dialog: hardware.
text: Darby shows a PHOTO of a wooden chest with GOLD ORNAMENTS.
speaker_heading: DARBY (CONT'D)
dialog: The map tube will be somewhere in
dialog: the vicinity, if I've calculated
dialog: right.
text: Arturo nods, pulls on his face mask. Darby pats him on the
dialog: shoulders,
text: then watches him roll backwards off the boat.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: FOLLOW Arturo down 30+ meters through the teeming waters to the
text: remnants of an ancient SHIPWRECK scattered over the coral floor. As
text: Arturo skims the rotting wreckage...
text: A GIANT MORAY EEL lunges from a crevice flashing razor teeth!
dialog: Arturo
text: contorts his body to avoid the attack...then continues on until he
text: spots a GLINT OF GOLD entrenched in the coral. Upon closer
dialog: inspection
text: it's one of the GOLD ORNAMENTS.
text: Arturo uses a PORTABLE JETPULSE to unsettle tne ocean floor. As the
text: silt begins to settle, Arturo finally locates a large, sealed GOLD
speaker_heading: MAP
text: TUBE half-submerged in the sand.
scene_heading: INT. SALVAGE BOAT DAY
text: CU - A MAP is delicately unrolled by rubber-gloved hands.
speaker_heading: DARBY (0.S.)
text: Exquisite. Perfectly preserved.
text: REVEAL - DARBY & ARTURO huddled inside the tiny cabin, examining a
text: centuries-old Spanish map atop a work table where the empty GOLD
speaker_heading: MAP
text: TUBE now rests.
text: The area charted is a crude representation of South and Central
text: America. Darby excitedly follows with one finger a MARKED TRAIL
dialog: inland
dialog: from the coast to the Andes Mountains.
speaker_heading: DARBY (CONT'D)
dialog: There it is... El Dorado.
speaker_heading: ARTURO
dialog: Very dangerous terrain, Sir.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: Don't worry, Arturo. This old bloke
dialog: is smart enough to know his
dialog: limitations.
dialog: (slowly rolls up map)
dialog: I know exactly who to call.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (PRELAP)
dialog: Lara! ?
scene_heading: INT. CROFT ESTATE - DAY
text: Arriving amidst a cacophony of BARKING DOGS is Lara's unmarried
text: maternal Aunt, EVELYN CROFT (60), a grand dame of the London social
text: scene who doesn't bother knocking. Evelyn saunters into the
dialog: expansive
text: living room, which is filled with state-of-the-art GYMNASTICS &
scene_heading: TRAINING EQUIPMENT.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Lara, where are you!?
speaker_heading: LARA (0.S.)
dialog: Coming, Aunt Ev!
text: Lara, dressed in workout gear, is in the middle of an exercise on
dialog: the
text: UNEVEN BARS. Her perfect dismount is a BACKFLIP/HALF-
dialog: TWIST...landing a
text: foot in front of a startled Evelyn.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh good God! Don't do that.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I assume this isn't a social visit.
dialog: You're not wearing your fur.
text: Evelyn ignores Lara, focusing instead on all the equipment.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I will never get used to this
dialog: rubbish.
dialog: (melodramatic sigh)
dialog: Oh, the parties your mother used to
dialog: throw in here...black ties, gorgeous
dialog: gowns...such a travesty.
text: Heard it all before, Lara heads for the kitchen.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Where are you going, Lara? This
dialog: isn't a social visit, you know.
scene_heading: INT. CROFT ESTATE - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: While Lara makes her favorite EGG SALAD AND PICKLES sandwich,
dialog: Evelyn
text: nosily inspects every kitchen cabinet and cupboard.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Granted, I am no longer your legal
dialog: guardian. But I am still the only
dialog: real family you've got.
text: Her back to Evelyn, Lara mouths her aunt's words in perfect lip
dialog: sync
text: along with her. Clearly this is not a new speech.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: I said nothing when you returned
dialog: from Tibet with a strange monk...
dialog: And I bit my tongue when you turned
text: that living room into a gymnasium.
dialog: But your continual resistance to
dialog: take responsibility of the family
dialog: affairs is becoming unacceptable.
text: There is an absolute mountain of
dialog: paperwork to be signed -- you know I
dialog: never wanted this job. It was only
dialog: out of respect for my dear
dialog: brother --
text: Lara finally turns to interrupt her aunt's rant:
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I'm sorry, Aunt Ev. I promise to
dialog: catch up by your party next week.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Good then. That's a start.
text: Evelyn helps herself to the other half of Lara's sandwich.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: You seem awfully pallid, child. I
dialog: hope this is not your regular diet.
text: FOLLOW Lara as she rolls her eyes, walking away from it all.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I know! How about a nice vacation?
dialog: Club Med, perhaps?
scene_heading: INT. CROFT ESTATE - LARA'S BEDROOM - THAT NIGHT
text: Clothes and books everywhere. PHOTOS of her and friends -- male and
dialog: female -- at various events (Charity Ball, Wimbledon, etc.) Lara
dialog: sits
text: in the lotus position atop her bed cluttered with Club Med
dialog: brochures.
text: She's watching "The African Queen" on TV while chatting on the
speaker_heading: phone
text: with some unseen lover.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: .»..I'm not giving you the duck
dialog: again, Charles. I'm just not in the
dialog: mood for clubbing tonight.
dialog: (pause; smirks)
dialog: Let me remind you, I am a proper
dialog: British girl. My ears are not
dialog: suitable for such gutterspeak.
dialog: (beat; teasing)
dialog: Maybe I'll call you tomorrow.
text: Lara hangs up. Unable to satiate her restless mind, Lara wanders to
text: the bookshelf full of all those souvenirs from her parents'
dialog: travels.
text: When Lara picks up the TIBETAN EXORCISM DRUM, we see that beneath
dialog: the
dialog: tough exterior she has fashioned for herself lies the vulnerability
dialog: of
text: a teen girl. But her reverie is broken by her BARKING GUARD DOGS
dialog: outside!
scene_heading: INT. CROFT ESTATE - SECURITY ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Karak watches one of many MONITORS which display constantly
dialog: changing
text: images from surveillance cameras around the estate. A London
speaker_heading: TAXICAB,
text: idling by the front gates, currently has Karak's undivided
dialog: attention
text: as Lara enters, concerned.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: We have a visitor.
scene_heading: EXT. CROFT ESTATE - MOMENTS LATER
text: The cab has vanished. Lara and Karak find ARTURO lying on the road
text: outside the front gate of the estate. Pulling the man's coat open,
text: Lara reveals his nasty ABDOMINAL WOUND.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: I'll call an ambulance.
text: As Karak hurries away, Arturo hands Lara a Hi-8 VIDEO.
speaker_heading: ARTURO
dialog: This...only for...Lara.
scene_heading: INT. CROFT ESTATE - MEDIA ROOM - LATER
text: As Lara cues up the Hi-8 video in her top-of-the-line screening
dialog: room,
text: Karak enters with dour news:
speaker_heading: KARAK
text: The paramedics removed the body.
text: This draws an exhale of remorse from Lara.
speaker_heading: KARAK (CONT'D)
dialog: I convinced the authorities to wait
dialog: until tomorrow for your deposition.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Hopefully this'll have some answers.
text: Lara starts the tape which plays out on a projection screen. Static
text: turns to a wide tripod shot of DARBY ERIKSON.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Darby...
text: Clutching the empty, GOLD MAP TUBE, Darby paces a dimly lit
dialog: bungalow,
text: speaking to the camera nervously.
speaker_heading: DARBY (ON TAPE)
dialog: Please forgive the melodrama, my
dialog: dear, but I'm certain the phone
dialog: lines here aren't safe. You've heard
dialog: of El Dorado, the lost city of gold?
dialog: Well, believe it or not, I actually
dialog: found a map to the place. And it
dialog: is authentic.
text: Darby points to the MAP, unfurled atop the nearby desk and
dialog: illuminated
text: by a SPECIAL INFRARED LAMP.
speaker_heading: DARBY (ON TAPE) (CONT'D)
dialog: How'd I pull off this miracle, you
dialog: ask? Using an 18th century weather
dialog: chart I calculated a hurricane off
dialog: Barbados about the same time a
dialog: spanish galleon -- the San Roque --
dialog: turned up missing in 1784.
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: That's the good news. Bad news is,
text: turns out the Aussie bloke who hired
dialog: me is a second cousin to the Devil
dialog: himself. I told him I couldn't find
dialog: the map but he didn't buy it for a
dialog: minute. And it's only a matter of
dialog: time before he tracks me down. Which
dialog: is where you come in, my dear.
text: Darby steps closer to the camera, desperation in his voice.
speaker_heading: DARBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now I know you're a cash up front
dialog: girl, but if all the legends about
dialog: El Dorado are true, I'm offering you
dialog: a 50-50 split on what could be
dialog: billions in gold. I should think
dialog: that'll do your charity Foundation
dialog: right proud.
text: Arturo, at the far window, reacts to oncoming HEADLIGHTS.
speaker_heading: ARTURO
dialog: Someone's coming.
text: Darby acts quickly, returning the map to its gold tube.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: Lara, I can't do this without you.
dialog: If you're game, meet me on the 7th
dialog: in Curacao. I'll be at the El Mar
dialog: under the name Flannigan.
text: The sound of MEN APPROACHING cause Darby and Arturo to urgently
text: discuss evacuation plans in hushed tones. LOUD POUNDING on the door
dialog: brings a warning:
speaker_heading: LARSEN (O.S.)
dialog: OPEN UP! WE KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!
text: REACTION SHOTS: Lara and Karak are on the edge of their seats.
text: While Darby climbs out a side window, Arturo shoves the heavy
speaker_heading: DRESSER
dialog: against the door but --
text: -- KABLAAAAAMBLAAAMBLAAAMBLAAM!!! The door and dresser splinter in
dialog: a
text: hail of SHOTGUN BLASTS. Arturo goes spinning to the floor, wounded.
text: What's left of the dresser and door are pushed aside as SIX AUSSIES
text: hefting 12 GAUGE PUMP-ACTION SHOTGUNS enter the room. Muscular,
dialog: bald
text: LARSEN, the most malevolent of the Aussies, informs his unseen
dialog: boss:
speaker_heading: LARSEN (CONT'D)
dialog: The geezer got away...
text: A seventh man enters last. This is CHRISTIAN MALVERN (40s), a
text: formidable, lantern-jawed Australian businessman. He calmly strolls
text: through the debris over to the OPEN SIDE WINDOW.
speaker_heading: LARSEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Left his little troll behind,
dialog: though.
text: Malvern turns his attention on Arturo, who is writhing on the floor
dialog: in
text: pain; a jagged WOOD SHARD has impaled itself deep in his abdomen.
text: Malvern looms over Arturo, cruelly stepping down on the shard with
dialog: his
dialog: boot.
text: REACTION SHOTS: Karak looks away in disgust; Lara stares on in
dialog: anger,
text: clutching the TV remote like a weapon.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Tell me where I can find Erikson.
text: Arturo grits his teeth in agony as Malvern twists the shard.
speaker_heading: ARTURO
dialog: (hisses defiantly)
dialog: El Dorado.
text: Malvern crouches by Arturo.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Here's why I won't kill you.
dialog: Everything I do has a purpose, and
dialog: whether you live or die means
dialog: absolutely nothing to me.
dialog: (stands)
dialog: I'm not above suffering, however. In
dialog: fact, I'ma big fan of it.
text: SIRENS are heard approaching in the distance.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: Bastard must've called the cops!
text: With his boot, Malvern pushes the shard all the way into Arturo,
dialog: who
text: WAILS in pain. As Malvern strides for the door:
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Get your men out of here, Larsen.
text: Larsen is the last one out of the room. He finally spots the Hi-8
text: camera in the corner and fires his shotgun -- KABLAM! The video
dialog: cuts
text: to ominous static. Lara stops the tape, stands.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: May I offer my opinion?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I already know your opinion, Karak.
scene_heading: INT. CROFT ESTATE - CONTINUOUS
text: Karak insistently follows Lara out into the living room.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: So many of your jobs become
dialog: dangerous along the way. This one, I
dialog: must say, looks doomed from the very
dialog: start.
text: Taking an impassioned stand, Lara turns to face Karak.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Darby Erikson is one of the best
dialog: cartographers in the world. If it
dialog: weren't for him I never would have
dialog: found the Scion or the Dagger of
dialog: Xitan. Now it's my turn to help him.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: Help him evade the Australian, or
dialog: help him find El Dorado?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Why both, of course.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: You travel to the ends of the earth.
dialog: You risk your life at every turn.
dialog: What is it you're looking for, Lara?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: When I find it, I'll let you know.
text: As Lara heads upstairs, Karak mutters to himself:
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: Hardly the vacation I had in mind.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: POV - UNKNOWN (THROUGH TELESCOPE)
text: Lara, dressed in a sun dress and combat boots, rides her vintage
text: Norton motorcycle and passes an engraved stone sign, "CAMBRIDGE
text: UNIVERSITY." WE HEAR male voices:
speaker_heading: VOICE #1 (0.S.)
dialog: Oh Christ, I don't think she's
dialog: wearing a bra --
speaker_heading: VOICE #2
dialog: -- Give me that!
speaker_heading: VOICE #1
dialog: Get lost, you wanker!
dialog: PULL BACK to reveal we are:
scene_heading: INT. CAMBRIDGE LABORATORY - NEXT DAY
text: Three engineering eggheads (STUART, LIAM & WESLEY) grapple over
dialog: rights
text: to the TELESCOPE, currently controlled by Stuart.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Knock it off! She's coming in!
text: All three young men scramble away from the window. While Stuart
text: stashes the telescope, Liam checks his hair in a mirror and Wesley
text: quickly gargles in the sink.
text: There's a KNOCK at the lab door, then Lara enters smiling...
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: How're my Gadget Boys doing?
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: Her "Gadget Boys" are now seated quietly at work stations,
dialog: engineering
text: devices per Lara's faxed DESIGN SKETCHES. They AD LIB "Hellos."
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry I'm late. Had to give a
dialog: deposition...
text: Lara strides over to Stuart, her attention already grabbed by the
text: circular steel PROBE he's still wiring.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Just as I imagined it.
text: Stuart turns one last screw, then picks up a REMOTE CONTROL DEVICE,
dialog: which when activated...levitates the probe!
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Didn't have time to build it exactly
dialog: to your specs. But I think you'll
dialog: like it.
text: With Stuart controlling the probe's micro airjets, it zips across
dialog: the
text: lab...almost taking the heads off Liam and Wesley!
speaker_heading: STUART (CONT'D)
dialog: (mischievous)
dialog: Oops. Sorry lads.
text: Impressed, Lara now eyes the MONITOR on Stuart's work station.
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: The image on the monitor is a LIVE SHOT from the remote probe as it
text: flies through the air...finally hovering right behind Lara...then
text: ZOOMING IN for a tight shot on her backside.
speaker_heading: LARA (0.S.)
dialog: Very clever, Stuart.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Liam confidently gestures Lara over to his work station.
speaker_heading: LIAM
dialog: Mine's even better, Lara. Come see.
text: He shows off a thin, lightweight chrome AIR TANK with nozzle.
speaker_heading: LIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: 80 ccs of emergency oxygen, just
dialog: like you wanted. But, when you hit
dialog: this little button here...
text: A SIX FOOT FLAME SHOOTS FROM THE TANK! Nearly incinerating Stuart,
dialog: who
text: jumps back in shock.
speaker_heading: LIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoops. Stronger than I thought.
text: Lara pats Liam playfully on the head.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Such a little firebug, aren't we?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And what about you, Wesley? How did
dialog: you get on with my shopping list?
text: Wesley smiles shyly at his work station where we see a spread of
text: CUSTOM AMMO. He breath-polishes what resembles a thick SILENCER
text: ATTACHMENT, then screws it onto a retro-fitted GUN.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
text: Multi-tasking compression assembly.
text: Accommodates custom pitons, flares,
text: harpoons and tranquilizer darts.
text: Wesley loads one of the trang darts into the assembly.
speaker_heading: WESLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I know how fond you are of animals.
text: Suddenly spinning like James Bond, Wesley levels his gun on Stuart
dialog: and
text: Liam who both duck below their work stations.
speaker_heading: WESLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (smiles impishly)
dialog: Psyche.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Excellent job. All of you. You
dialog: flatter me with your brilliance.
text: She lays an ENVELOPE stuffed with pound notes on the table.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hope this covers your tuition here
dialog: for another semester.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Beats the hell outta Work Study.
text: As Lara collects her new gadgets into a leather SADDLEPACK:
speaker_heading: LIAM
dialog: So Lara, what're you gonna do with
dialog: all this stuff?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Love to stay and chat, guys, but
dialog: I've got to catch an early flight
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Having what she wants, Lara starts for the door...but notices the
text: forlorn faces of her Boys, who can't get enough of her.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright, tell you what. Soon as I
dialog: get back we'll all go out fora
dialog: pint. Any place you want. Deal?
text: The boys all nod enthusiastically. And as soon as Lara exits the
dialog: lab,
text: Stuart rushes back to his hiding place and grabs the telescope;
dialog: within
text: seconds, the three Gadget Boys are all squabbling again for
dialog: control.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CROFT ESTATE - NIGHT
text: Lara cruises through the open estate gates on her motorcycle. But
text: halfway up the cobblestone driveway, Lara slows her motorcycle --
dialog: all
text: the lights are out in the grand manor!
text: Killing the cycle engine, Lara cautiously dismounts.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Karak!?
text: The sound of the GATES CLOSING behind her spins Lara around.
dialog: Sensing
text: she's about to be trapped, Lara runs for the gates, reaching them
dialog: just
text: as they close. Suddenly feeling vulnerable, Lara rushes back for
dialog: her
text: cycle to arm herself...only to find her saddlebag of gadgets has
dialog: disappeared!
text: A GUNSHOT bursts the front tire of her motorcycle! Lara ducks for
text: cover behind the bike, but a bright FLASHLIGHT exposes her.
text: Instinctively, Lara sprints in the opposite direction, away from
dialog: the
dialog: light...
text: A blistering volley of GUNSHOTS kick up grass and dirt all around
text: Lara, funneling her towards the elaborate HEDGEROWS which border
dialog: the
text: north side of the estate. Suddenly --
text: -- A LARGE STATUE tips over near the hedgerow entrance! Lara dives
text: sideways, SOMERSAULTING to safety...or so she thinks --
text: -- ANOTHER STATUE is nearly upon her from the other side, forcing
dialog: Lara
text: to BACKFLIP out of the way. She steals a breath, only to see the
text: Statue's face EXPLODE from gunfire! Off she goes like a bullet
dialog: herself...
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HEDGEROWS
text: Lara creeps along the gravel pathway, lit only by small FOOTLAMPS.
dialog: All
text: around her in the labyrinth she can hear FOOTSTEPS of unknown
text: assassins somewhere amidst the 10' hedge walls. Lara creeps
dialog: quietly,
text: her eyes unblinking while maintaining a nearly imperceptible
dialog: breathing
dialog: rhythm --
text: -- SHTOOOOSH! A long wooden SPEAR juts through the hedgerow nearly
text: impaling her. Lara jumps back...only to have a second spear block
dialog: her
text: path! Turning to run, Lara reacts in mid-stride to yet another
dialog: spear
text: in front of her: she dives to the ground...ROLLING HER BODY
dialog: lengthwise
text: beneath six more jutting SPEARS...until she hits the end of the
dialog: pathway.
text: When the next spear jabs from the hedgerow, Lara is ready: she
dialog: grasps
text: it quickly with both hands -- surprising her unseen attacker -- and
text: yanks the spear from him!
text: Seeing an ASSASSIN approaching her with flashlight, Lara gets a
text: running start down the connecting pathway...and uses the spear to
text: VAULT HERSELF atop the hedgerow!
scene_heading: ATOP THE BORDER WALL
text: Leaping from the hedgerow up onto the 15' border wall, Lara --
dialog: armed
text: with the wooden spear -- now stands atop the stone border wall
text: surrounding the property's perimeter.
text: An ASSASSIN (with a FLASHLIGHT) comes at her from one direction
dialog: atop
text: the border wall...forcing Lara to sprint the other direction. Until
text: another ASSASSIN up ahead on the border wall blocks her path.
dialog: Trapped
dialog: again.
text: As GUNSHOTS ring out Lara examines her options: It's a 15 foot jump
text: down to the ground, where a ROSE GARDEN will make for a very
dialog: painful
text: landing. With the Assassins closing in fast from both directions
dialog: what
dialog: will Lara do?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CROFT ESTATE - SECURITY ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: On one of the monitors we watch Lara snapping off a short end of
dialog: the
text: spear over her knee, then jumping towards a nearby POWER LINE and
text: snagging it with the spear bit...riding the incline like a zip-line
dialog: safely down to her backyard!
text: REVEAL - KARAK watching the proceedings, sipping a cup of tea.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: Impressive.
text: Curiously, Karak finishes his tea and leaves the room.
scene_heading: EXT. CROFT ESTATE - BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Lara tries each of the rear doors. All locked. About to bust one of
text: the windows in with a patio chair, Lara's distracted by a
speaker_heading: FLASHLIGHT
text: shone in her eyes from inside the house. Then, an ominous
speaker_heading: WHOOOOSHING
text: sound overhead...
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: A LARGE SATELLITE DISH falling from the manor roof! Hurtling right
dialog: at
dialog: Lara...
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Lara dives out of the way, then watches incredulously as the
dialog: satellite
text: dish -- still attached to the roof by its THICK CABLE -- pendulums
text: right at her. Just as Lara drops to her knees, FLASHLIGHTS from
dialog: both
text: sides of the backyard converge on her...
text: Unless she can get back up onto the border wall, Lara is seemingly
text: trapped once again. But as the satellite dish swings back at her,
dialog: Lara
dialog: gets an idea:
text: Timing her jump perfectly, Lara hops onto the swinging satellite
dialog: dish.
text: And as FOUR ASSASSINS close in below her, Lara uses the thick cable
dialog: to
text: expertly SCALE the side of the three story manor.
text: ON THE ROOFTOP
text: Lara relaxes for a moment, catching her breath...then shocked to
dialog: see
text: still another ASSASSIN emerging from one of the attic windows.
text: Avoiding the glare of his FLASHLIGHT, Lara runs to the edge of the
text: roof. Decision time. She can either jump for the GUEST QUARTERS
dialog: roof
text: about 20' below her; or, she can take her chances with the assassin
text: advancing behind her.
text: Taking a deep breath, Lara measures her steps back from the roof
dialog: edge.
text: Then, gathering herself gymnast style (as she did so many years ago
dialog: in
text: the Himalayas), Lara runs full steam for the edge...
text: ...but bails out at the last second! Sliding to a stop on the loose
dialog: shingles...and slipping off the edge!
text: As Lara dangles precariously from the rickety rain gutter:
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: She peers DOWN at the dangerous drop below, then UP at the masked
text: ASSASSIN staring at her from the roof's edge.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (defiant)
dialog: I don't have the map! And I'll die
dialog: before I sell out Darby!
speaker_heading: ASSASSIN
dialog: How very noble.
text: The Assassin removes his black face mask...revealing KARAK!
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: Let me give you a hand.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: As the rain gutter starts to give way, Lara quickly grabs onto
dialog: Karak's
text: hand for help back up onto the rooftop.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (brushing herself off)
dialog: I should've known this was just
dialog: another one of your masochistic
dialog: tests.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: High marks, I must say, until you
text: pulled back from this last jump.
text: Lara looks away, ashamed.
speaker_heading: KARAK (CONT'D)
dialog: Your knee is fine, Lara. It's your
dialog: memories that still hold you back.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: And what if I'd tried the jump? And
dialog: what if I didn't make it?
text: Karak WHISTLES with two fingers to his lips. Within seconds, all
dialog: the
text: outdoor FLOOD LIGHTS pop on around the property, revealing: a large
text: AIR MAT between the main house and guest quarters painted roughly
dialog: to
dialog: blend in with the grounds.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: Believe me, every precaution was
dialog: taken. The gardening staff deserves
text: a round of applause.
text: Lara stares down in amazement as the six member GARDENING STAFF all
text: wave up at her, dressed in their black assassin jumpsuits. The
dialog: lights
text: have also exposed the WIRES and PULLEYS secretly rigging Karak's
text: elaborate obstacle course: the two statues are being raised back
dialog: into
text: place on guidewires; the bullet holes were all just a network of
dialog: wired
speaker_heading: SQUIBS.
speaker_heading: KARAK (CONT'D)
dialog: Hopefully this gave you a preview of
dialog: what dangers to expect in the Inca
dialog: tombs you're determined to explore.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (softening a little...)
dialog: Could've done better if you hadn't
dialog: snatched my saddlebag.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: Your gadgets are only that: gadgets.
dialog: When your life is on the line, Lara,
dialog: you'll have to rely on your mind and
text: body, not some contraption built by
text: a smitten engineering student.
text: In no mood for lectures, Lara starts for the attic window.
speaker_heading: KARAK (CONT'D)
dialog: This house has become nothing more
dialog: than a waystation for you, Lara. I'm
dialog: hoping someday you will realize your
dialog: dreams here. Where it's safe.
dialog: (beat)
text: Relatively speaking.
text: Lara finally turns back to Karak, an admission of his wisdom:
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: What would I do without you, Karak?
text: Karak walks up to her, looks right into her eyes.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: I shudder to think.
text: A smile warms Lara's face as she pulls Karak into a tight embrace,
text: bringing a smile to his face as well -- clearly this man lives for
dialog: these infrequent moments.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HATO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - CURACAO - DAY
text: A LEAR JET touches down and taxis to a stop on the runway. Lara is
text: the pilot seat sporting her signature MIRROR SHADES.
scene_heading: INT. EL MAR HOTEL - DAY
text: Lara enters the modest, nautical themed lobby. Behind the front
dialog: desk
text: is the quaint Marina. Lara moves to the front desk inquiring about
text: "Mr. Flannigan." Given instructions, Lara heads upstairs...
text: REVEAL - A BELLBOY overhearing this conversation. Walking across
dialog: the
text: lobby, he picks up a phone and dials a number he has scribbled down
dialog: on
dialog: scrap paper.
speaker_heading: BELLBOY
dialog: Hello, Mr. Malvern. You asked me to
dialog: call and, well... Flannigan's got a
dialog: lady friend.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll let you know.
scene_heading: INT. EL MAR HOTEL - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Lara reaches Darby's room and finds a "Do Not Disturb" sign hanging
dialog: on
text: the doorknob. She knocks gently.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Darby, it's Lara.
text: No response. But she can hear the TELEVISION on inside. Lara checks
text: the door and finds it surprisingly unlocked. Checking both ways
dialog: first,
text: Lara draws a GUN and pushes the door open. No ambush waiting, so
dialog: she
dialog: slips inside...
scene_heading: INT. EL MAR HOTEL - DARBY'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The lights are out but the TV is on, tuned into a Spanish dubbed
dialog: episode of "MacGuyver."
text: Lara flicks the light switch, turning on a DESK LAMP near the bed.
dialog: The
text: room has been completely ransacked. But that is not what takes
dialog: Lara's
dialog: breath away...
text: REVEAL - DARBY sitting up on his bed, shot at close range.
text: Frightened
text: eyes wide open, staring off into the void.
text: After a moment to digest this nasty sight, Lara takes a seat on the
text: edge of the bed. She grasps Darby's hand, feeling his body
dialog: temperature.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Don't worry, Darby. I'll see this
dialog: one through for you.
text: Lara tenderly closes the man's eyes.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Say hello to my parents for me.
text: Rising, Lara begins poking around the remains of the room. Clothes,
text: books, charts...but nothing that resembles the map of El Dorado.
text: During her search Lara hears a HISSING sound.
text: Quickly scanning the room, she notices something unsettling:
text: CU - A PLASTIQUE CKARGE attached to the same electrical socket the
text: lamp is plugged into -- the fuse apparently activated when she
dialog: turned
text: on the light! A fuse seconds from detonation.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: KABOOOOOOOM! As a car blows up on "MacGuyver," Lara sprints past
dialog: the
text: TV to the balcony overlooking the marina and leaps...
text: ...jJust as Darby's hotel room EXPLODES!!!
scene_heading: EXT. EL MAR HOTEL - MARINA - CONTINUOUS
text: Lara just clears some docking and splashes down in the marina. When
text: she bobs back up to the surface behind a boat, a crowd of GAWKERS
dialog: is
text: already forming outside the hotel. Including the Bell Boy, who
dialog: watches
text: briefly from a balcony off the main lobby, then disappears back
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINA - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Standing in a new change of clothes at a payphone on the pier, Lara
text: watches from a distance as local POLICE and FIREMEN sift through
dialog: the
text: remains of the blown-out hotel room.
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: The authorities have so far only recovered CHARRED BONES, being
dialog: loaded
text: into a CORONER'S TRUCK in plastic bags.
speaker_heading: KARAK (PHONE)
dialog: Croft Residence.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Turning away from the ugliness, Lara reacts to Karak's voice on the
text: other end with a relieved sigh.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Well Karak, I hate to say you told
dialog: me so but...I didn't want you to
dialog: worry when you saw the news about
text: the explosion at the El Mar.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. CROFT ESTATE - MEDIA ROOM - DAY
text: Karak is seated in the dark room watching CNN on the big screen TV.
text: Utilizing PICTURE-IN-PICTURE mode he's also simultaneously watching
text: four other local and international news services via satellite.
dialog: Karak
text: quickli mutes the TV.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: (feigns indignation)
dialog: I never watch television.
text: Lara rolls her eyes knowingly.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Right... Anyway, whoever murdered
dialog: Darby and took his map probably
dialog: thinks they killed two birds with
dialog: one stone. But it's going to take
dialog: the authorities down here a while to
dialog: sort out the mess. Which buys me
dialog: some time to catch up with the
dialog: bastards.
text: Lara reacts to the WARNING WHISTLE from a nearby FERRY BOAT.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Gotta go. I'm taking a ferry to the
dialog: mainland. I'll ring you later.
speaker_heading: KARAK (PHONE)
dialog: May I offer my opinion?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Go ahead. I'm listening.
text: But Lara lets the payphone receiver dangle off the hook. Grabbing
dialog: up
text: her BACKPACK, Lara rushes to catch her ferry.
text: HOLD ON the receiver as we hear Karak expressing his paternal point
dialog: of
dialog: view.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A BELL BOEING 609 PROP PLANE descending vertically from the sky
dialog: like a
text: helicopter. The roar of its twin tilt-rotors kicking up a massive
speaker_heading: DUST
dialog: STORM. We are:
scene_heading: EXT. FRANCISCO DE ORELLANA, PERU - DAY
text: A small village situated in the tropical low jungle of the Amazon
text: Basin and surrounded by a dense forest of cedar, rubber and
speaker_heading: cinchona
dialog: trees. Like San Francisco during the gold rush, this is a place of
text: dangerous desperation; the scant populace waiting for the next
text: opportunity to scam a naive explorer in search of the fabled golden
dialog: city, El Dorado.
dialog: Chyron: Francisco de Orellana, Peru
text: Malvern's well-armed battalion of six Aussies exits the Boeing 609.
text: Last one off is Malvern himself, now dressed for safari. He carries
text: Darby's GOLD MAP TUBE like a weapon.
text: Malvern surveys the one street town of SUPPLY SHOPS and CANTINAS --
text: all the locals are staring at his expedition with cautious but
dialog: hopeful
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: (to Larsen)
dialog: Buy up all the supplies in town. If
dialog: we don't need it, burn it.
text: Larsen flicks his GOLD LIGHTER with a flourish.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: With pleasure.
speaker_heading: POV - UNKNOWN
text: Looking through a dirty window someone watches Larsen light
dialog: Malvern's
text: cigarette as his goons blanket the town. We hear a RADIO BROADCAST
dialog: of
text: a San Francisco Giants baseball game.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: A dilapidated, Spanish-style stucco shanty with a ramshackle porch.
text: Peeling painted letters across the window announce: "JUNGLE GUIDE -
dialog: Boat or Plane, Good English, Cash Only."
scene_heading: INT. DODGE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Meet NATHANIEL DODGE (39), a rugged, world-weary American ex-
dialog: patriot
text: working out of his cubby hole office on the main street. Kicked
dialog: back
text: in his chair, feet on the cargo crate he calls a desk, Dodge
dialog: sharpens
text: a MACHETE while he watches Malvern approaching. When the baseball
text: broadcast gives way to static, Dodge bangs his old HAMM RADIO with
dialog: the
dialog: knife.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (sotto; re: Malvern)
dialog: Here comes a new radio.
text: The radio reception goes all to hell when Malvern pushes open the
text: rickety screen door and just stands there, amusedly absorbing
dialog: Dodge's
dialog: spartan existence.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Well mate, since you're the only
dialog: guide who speaks English, I'd say
dialog: it's your lucky day.
dialog: (beat; extends hand)
dialog: Christian Malvern.
text: Dodge leans forward, shakes Malvern's powerful, weathered hand.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Nate Dodge. How lucky we talking?
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Locals say the winds up near Lake
dialog: Guaranita this time of year could
dialog: snap the rotors off my birdie.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Wouldn't know. Never been crazy
dialog: enough to take one up there.
text: Malvern pulls out a wad of CASH and tosses it in Dodge's lap.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Ten grand sound crazy enough?
text: Dodge can't resist holding the money, fanning through the seductive
dialog: stack of US dollars.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Damn... Hate to ask how much you
dialog: paid for your map?
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: (scrutinizing)
dialog: And what map might that be?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Anybody who comes here with their
dialog: own militia, they've definitely got
text: a map to El Dorado.
text: Malvern smiles: a deadly sign for him.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: (re: gold map tube)
dialog: Believe me, Mr. Dodge, this map came
dialog: real cheap: cost of a bullet.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: So that's the going price now, huh?
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: I can assure you there's one
dialog: difference between me and every
text: other crackpot who's waltzed into
dialog: this bunghole town: I don't waste my
dialog: time on anything less than a sure
dialog: thing.
text: Dodge keeps playing with the money, weighing his options.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: It's tempting, I gotta say. But it's
dialog: the sure things that always turn out
dialog: the bloodiest.
text: Tiring of Dodge's reticence, Malvern checks his watch:
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Either take my money or quit
dialog: fondling it. I don't make offers
dialog: twice.
text: Dodge hesitates, then flips the cash back to Malvern.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Think I'll quit while I'm still
dialog: alive.
text: Malvern coldly eyes Dodge for a moment, then turns to leave.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: If you call this living...
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Close the screen, would you?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Keeps the bugs out.
text: After Malvern ignores him, Dodge lolls his head back, already
dialog: second
text: guessing himself. Hearing the radio static, he whacks the old Hamm
text: with a pinch more vinegar; this time the reception clears, the game
text: audible again. Dodge smiles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE ROAD - DAY
text: A beat up TRANSIT BUS plods along a muddy dirt road which winds
text: through intermittent jungle. A changeable sign across the front of
dialog: the
text: bus reads: "IQUITOS to FRANCISCO DE ORELLANA"
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY
text: Find Lara sitting in a lotus position at the back of the half-
dialog: filled
text: bus, working intently on her customized LAPTOP, biting her lip in
text: girlish concentration. She has just finished uploading Darby's Hi-8
text: video onto her hard drive.
text: CU - LAPTOP: The digitized video plays with stutter framing.
speaker_heading: DARBY (ON TAPE)
dialog: Please forgive the melodrama, my
dialog: dear, but I'm certain the phone
dialog: lines here aren't safe. You've heard
dialog: of El Dorado, the lost city of gold?
dialog: Well, believe it or not, I actually
dialog: found a map to the place. And it
dialog: is authentic.
text: The video camera PANS as Darby indicates the map, unfurled atop the
text: desk and illuminated by a SPECIAL INFRARED LAMP.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Lara FREEZE FRAMES the video and employs a sophisticated ZOOM &
text: ENHANCE feature which actually brings the distant, blurry map into
dialog: up-
text: front focus. Lara smiles victoriously.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Ah-ha.
text: Lara hears TITTERING and looks up to see all the LOCAL KIDS on the
dialog: bus
text: turned around in the seats. staring at her with fascinated eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANCISCO DE ORELLANA - SHORT WHILE LATER
text: The stopped bus pulls away...revealing Lara standing in the middle
dialog: of
text: the one street town, BACKPACK at her feet.
text: FOLLOW LARA as she throws her bag over one shoulder and walks
dialog: towards
text: a SMOKE PLUME curiously snaking into the air. Allong the main
dialog: street
text: are "Cerrado" signs in every shop window.
text: The town feels strangely deserted, except for the Cantina, where a
text: handful of LOCALS suck on cervezas -- as Lara passes, naturally the
text: conversations stop, all eyes fixed on her.
text: TEMO (25), a shifty-eyed local, is the first to his feet and makes
dialog: a
text: beeline for Lara, flashing his cherubim smile.
speaker_heading: TEMO
dialog: Senorita need guide?
text: Lara keeps walking, projecting disinterest very well.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I was told in Iquitos you'd have
dialog: everything I need to go up river.
speaker_heading: TEMO
dialog: You two hours late. Everyone here
dialog: buyed out. But if you hire Temo as
dialog: guide, I get you supplies.
text: Lara finally stops, turns around and faces Temo.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Very persistent, aren't you, Temo.
dialog: How much?
text: Temo sizes Lara up. Very much likes what he sees.
speaker_heading: TEMO
dialog: For you...? Only five hundred.
dialog: American. Temo carry everything.
text: Temo graciously takes the backpack from Lara.
speaker_heading: DODGE (0.S.)
dialog: Save you money!
text: REVEAL - DODGE, beer in hand, leaning against the Cantina door,
text: wearing a knowing smirk.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Probably save your life, too.
speaker_heading: TEMO
dialog: Don't listen to Dodge. He's only
dialog: jealous cause I here first.
text: Dodge sips his beer, sauntering towards Lara and Temo.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: As far as scams go around here,
dialog: Temo's got a pretty decent one. Once
dialog: you get up river he'll sell you to
dialog: the banditos for fair market value.
dialog: Then trade your lingerie for a one
dialog: nighter in Iquitos.
text: Lara looks at Temo, who shakes his head adamantly.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: How very entrepreneurial.
dialog: (to Dodge)
dialog: But what's to say you're not part of
dialog: the scam as well?
text: Dodge finally reaches Lara and Temo, enjoying the last swig of his
text: beer before he responds.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Because I didn't swipe your
dialog: bracelet.
text: Lara suddenly realizes her DIAMOND TENNIS BRACELET is gone. Temo
dialog: drops
text: the backpack and takes off...
text: Acting quickly, Lara scoops up her backpack, takes a couple steps
text: after Temo...then spins and hurls the bag like a discus thrower!
text: Hitting Temo in the legs, tripping him up.
text: Before Temo can scramble back to his feet, Lara stomps one of her
text: hiking boots down on his back, pinning him under.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Don't make me search you. I haven't
dialog: had my Rabies shot.
text: Fumbling a hand through his pocket, Temo holds up the bracelet --
dialog: Lara
text: kicks his hand, sending the bracelet into the air, where she
dialog: catches
text: it with ease.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright Temo, game's over.
text: Temo picks himself up, dusts himself off. But before he leaves, he
text: curses and spits in the general direction of Dodge, who's gotten a
dialog: good chuckle out of this incident.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: So what's your angle, Dodge?
text: Dodge meanders over to Lara, clearly intrigued by her.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Twinge of conscience. It'll pass.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Is that so?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Truth is I've seen a lot of crazy
dialog: people come through here. But I've
dialog: never seen anybody burn all the
dialog: supplies in town just to throw off
dialog: followers.
text: He indicates with a head gesture the SMOLDERING REMNANTS of a
dialog: bonfire
text: in the dirt clearing near them.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm guessing you're chasing his map.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Got my own copy actually.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: You seem to handle yourself pretty
dialog: well, but a lot of people head up
dialog: into those mountains looking for El
dialog: Dorado. Most of them never come
dialog: back.
text: Undeterred, Lara re-hefts her backpack and walks towards Dodge's
text: “JUNGLE GUIDE..." office right across the main street.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I take it this is your fine
dialog: establishment?
text: She glances back to Dodge.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: The "Good English" give me away?
text: Lara opens the screen door, but stops before entering.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Enough foreplay. What to do you say
dialog: we get down to business?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: What makes you think I want the job?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Where there's a twinge, there's
dialog: still hope.
text: Lara disappears inside, leaving Dodge to ponder his next move with
dialog: an
text: uncertain smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NAPO RIVER - DAY
text: AERIAL VIEW of this slow-moving river which serpentines through the
text: dense Peruvian vegetation. FIND a weathered TRAWLER BOAT chugging
text: along upstream through a light FOG.
scene_heading: EXT. DODGE'S TRAWLER - DAY
text: Lara, clad in a wind-breaker to keep the mid-morning mist at bay,
text: explores the narrow deck, taking in the row of sun-bleached
speaker_heading: ALLIGATOR
text: JAWS nailed to the exterior cabin wall.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Not exactly the Love Boat, is it?
text: Dodge, steering the trawler from inside his small cabin, takes his
text: eyes off the river ahead for only a moment.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Black Caimans. Largest gators in the
dialog: world. Just one of the many
dialog: obstacles between you and El Dorado.
dialog: (calls out in Spanish)
dialog: Watch this bend for silt piles!
text: DODGE'S BOATMEN (Carlos, Luiz and Paolo) are bent over the front
text: railing, working 20' long poles. Probing the river and shoreline
text: ahead. Carlos gestures to "stay right."
scene_heading: INT. TRAWLER CABIN - CONTINUOUS
text: Lara wanders into the cramped quarters decorated with strange
speaker_heading: CURIOS
text: and faded POLAROIDS from Dodge's numerous jungle tours.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Made this trip a few times, have
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: This river may be the safest way
dialog: into Ecuador, but the Napo is no
dialog: easy woman. You've got to take her
dialog: slow, be real gentle. Or she'll
dialog: grind you up and spit you out.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Aren't you the romantic.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Forget romance. You gotta be a
dialog: realist down here. The search for El
dialog: Dorado is a fool's errand. 400 years
dialog: and millions of dollars have
dialog: produced nothing but an impressive
dialog: list of fatalities.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I've read all the stories. But just
dialog: because no one's found El Dorado,
dialog: doesn't mean it's not out there.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Let me tell you a story you probably
dialog: don't know. About ten years ago this
dialog: National Geographic cover boy came
dialog: down here with a sure-fire map and
dialog: six-figure trust fund. Predicted
dialog: he'd find El Dorado in a week...
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (finishes his story)
dialog: ...three years later he'd lost his
dialog: money and his reputation.
text: This draws a surprised look from Dodge.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: I remember reading about this poor
dialog: chap when I was at Cambridge. He
dialog: looked much different then. Quite
dialog: dashing, actually. Always wondered
dialog: what happened to him.
text: Both of them know exactly who they're talking about. With a
dialog: begrudging
text: smile, Dodge turns his eyes back to the river.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: I'll tell you what happened. He
text: wised up. Finally figured out he was
dialog: better off selling the dream than
dialog: buying into it.
text: All three Boatmen start shouting urgently, but only Carlos seems to
dialog: speak English.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Whirlpool! Whirlpool!
text: Dodge quickly kills the trawler's motor and warns Lara:
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Better grab onto something sturdy!
text: As Lara locks an arm around a cabin support pole, the boat starts
dialog: to
text: drift sideways, caught in the strong cross-currents responsible for
text: the WHIRLPOOL looming ahead.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Can I help?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Yeah. Don't move.
text: Lara rolls her eyes as Dodge hurries from the cabin.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAWLER - CONTINUOUS
text: As the trawler spins helplessly around, held in the relentless
dialog: spiral
text: of the whirlpool's vortex, Dodge moves to the front of the boat,
text: yelling instructions at his Boatmen.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Keep us off the shores!
text: Following his orders, the boatmen work frantically to push the
dialog: trawler
text: to safety. But Paolo's POLE is suddenly wrenched from his hands by
dialog: the
text: vicious undertow...throwing the boatman off-balance and overboard!
text: Carlos and Luiz start shouting.
text: Dodge rushes to join Carlos and Luiz at the railing, where they all
text: stare into the swirling water until...Paolo resurfaces gasping for
dialog: air!
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: The poles! Give him something to
dialog: grab!
text: Carlos and Luiz extend their long poles towards Paolo, who grabs
text: feebly for them, too distracted by:
text: A PAIR OF BLACK CAIMAN ALLIGATORS! Sensing easy prey. But just as
dialog: the
text: first gator is about to reach Paolo...
text: Dodge whips out a serrated BOWIE KNIFE and expertly throws the
dialog: blade
text: ...Skewering the Caiman in the head, killing it instantly!
text: But Paolo is not out of trouble yet. He loses his grip on Carlos'
dialog: pole
text: as the trawler keeps spinning in the whirlpool. And the second
dialog: gator
dialog: is closing in...
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Other side!
text: To compensate for the continual spinning, Dodge leads the two
dialog: Boatmen
text: over to the other side of the trawler where:
text: LARA is already hanging bravely over the edge of the deck, her legs
text: clamped onto the railing.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Take my hand!
text: A floundering Paolo reaches up and grabs onto Lara's hand while
dialog: Dodge
text: and the two boatmen help pull them both to safety until...
text: THE SECOND CAIMAN LUNGES UP FROM THE MURKY WATER -- CRUUUUNCH!
dialog: Massive
text: jaws chomp down on Paolo's forearm!
text: Lara and the three men topple backwards onto the deck as Paolo's
dialog: awful
text: SCREAMS gurgle away under water. Sitting on her butt, Lara finally
text: realizes she is still holding Paolo's SEVERED HAND! Disgusted, she
text: shakes the limb loose.
text: Carlos and Luiz move back to the railing, staring despondently down
dialog: at
text: the calming waters where the Caiman feeds on Paolo. Dodge angrily
text: picks up the hand and tosses it into the river.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (to gator)
dialog: Might as well have the rest of it!
dialog: (beat; to Lara)
dialog: Add another name to the list.
dialog: Off Lara's concerned face, we;
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE GUARANTTA - DAY
text: At 6,000 feet overlooking the lush valley below is an inactive
dialog: volcano
text: basin, half-filled with water. A singular WEDGE cut into one
dialog: section
text: of the rim is testament to some explorer's long ago attempt to
dialog: drain
dialog: this mysterious lake.
text: The water's surface begins to RIPPLE. The portentous sound of JET
text: ENGINES spoils the tranquility as Malvern's Bell-Boeing rises
dialog: unevenly
text: above the basin rim.
speaker_heading: LARSEN (0.S.)
dialog: These winds up here are nasty!
scene_heading: INT. BELL-BOEING 609 - DAY
text: Packed with the seven Aussies and their equipment. As Larsen
dialog: struggles
text: to keep the plane steady, Malvern, in the passenger seat, stares
dialog: down
text: transfixed at Lake Guaranita.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Somewhere under that water is a
dialog: secret worth billions.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: Gonna have to park this birdie down
dialog: below, or we're going for a dip in
dialog: that water right quick.
text: Malvern finally acknowledges Larsen with a dismissive "Do what you
dialog: have to" gesture.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NAPO RIVER - DAY
text: Dodge's trawler chugs to a stop at the mouth of small but steep
text: rapids. From inside the cabin Dodge yells to Boatmen:
speaker_heading: DODGE (0.S.)
dialog: Drop anchor and rig the ramp!
scene_heading: EXT. TRAWLER - DAY
text: Sitting in her now-familiar lotus position under a tattered canopy
dialog: at
text: the back of the trawler, Lara works on her laptop, examining the
text: digitally enhanced image of Darby's map.
text: CU - LAPTOP: Upon closer inspection of the map we see the words "EL
text: DORADO" marked by a GOLDEN SUN symbol directly over an unnamed body
dialog: of
text: water. One of the sun's rays extends curiously into the lake where
dialog: a
text: SECRET DOOR has been drawn.
speaker_heading: DODGE (0.S.)
dialog: Malvern said he killed for that
dialog: map...
text: Lara finds Dodge sneaking a peek over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: I was expecting something more
dialog: original.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: The man he murdered was a dear
dialog: friend. Don't insult his memory by
dialog: suggesting this map is useless.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Apologies to your friend, but Lake
dialog: Guaranita's not hiding anything. You
dialog: and Malvern are both wasting your
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Maybe Malvern, not me. Since this
dialog: map was made in 1523, magnetic north
dialog: has moved four degrees, give or
dialog: take. That puts this lake on the map
text: approximately 90 meters north of
dialog: Lake Guaranita. That's where I'm
dialog: going.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Clever. One problem, though: there
text: isn't so much as a mud puddle in
dialog: that direction for 200 miles.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (re: map)
text: The lake is gone. A volcanic
dialog: earthquake in 1814 drained the
dialog: entire bas in. Meaning this
text: underwater door to El Dorado is
text: actually on dry land.
text: Lara shuts down her laptop, loads it into her backpack.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (shakes head, amused
dialog: I've heard a lot of wild theories.
dialog: That one takes the cake.
dialog: Lara will not be daunted.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Admit it, Dodge. All this talk about
dialog: El Dorado is getting you excited
dialog: again. You're thinking, "Maybe this
dialog: could be the one -- "
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (interrupts; defensive)
dialog: -- The deal was I'd take you up
dialog: river. That doesn't mean I have to
dialog: watch Malvern and his goons gun you
dialog: down. I do tours, not funerals.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I've had more fun at funerals.
text: Lara hefts her backpack and strides for the ramp. Dodge follows
dialog: her,
text: starting to feel guilty already.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Look...I'd only slow you down. Take
dialog: Luiz and Carlos with you. They know
dialog: the jungle better than me anyway.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Another twinge of conscience?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (in Spanish; to Carlos)
dialog: Go with the lady. First sign of
dialog: trouble, bring her back here.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (in Spanish; to Carlos)
dialog: Ignore him. Come with me only if
dialog: you'd like to make some real
dialog: money.
text: Carlos looks at Dodge, then nods to Lara. He and Luiz arm
dialog: themselves
text: with MACHETES. They follow Lara down the ramp.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (to Lara)
dialog: I'll wait here until I hear
dialog: gunshots, or until you make it back.
dialog: Whichever comes first. Otherwise
text: it's about a day's walk back to the
dialog: village.
text: Lara looks over her shoulder at Dodge for a parting salvo.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I can't figure if you're more
dialog: worried about my safety...or the
dialog: fact that I just might find El
dialog: Dorado. And put you out of business.
text: Not willing to answer that question, Dodge watches Lara confidently
text: set off into the jungle with Carlos and Luiz.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: EXT. ECUADOR JUNGLE - DAY
text: The blazing sun above beats down on the rugged, semi-tropical
dialog: terrain.
text: Wild birds squawk incessantly throughout the canyon.
text: PICK UP Lara following along a path cut by the machetes of Carlos
dialog: and
text: Luiz. Wiping the sweat from her face, Lara removes her wind-
dialog: breaker,
text: stripping down to a tight halter top; a detail that doesn't go
text: unnoticed by Carlos and Luiz.
text: Suddenly, the sound of distant UZI FIRE shatters the relative calm
dialog: of
text: the jungle. Lara and the Boatmen duck in the brush.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Wait here.
text: Lara pulls out her DUAL PISTOLS. FOLLOW Lara as she traverses a
dialog: narrow
text: path through the trees, until she comes upon:
scene_heading: EXT. MALVERN'S BASE CAMP - DAY
text: A cluster of TENTS form a semi-circle around the Bell-Boeing 609
text: parked in a small clearing. Two of Malvern's men are laughing it up
dialog: as
text: they return to the camp with UZIS and a bullet-ridden PECCARY (wild
text: pig) tied to a rope.
text: IN THE BRUSH
text: Lara gestures for Carlos and Luiz to join her; they both look
text: considerably more nervous than her as she threads the compression
text: assembly into her pistols and loads them with TRANQ DARTS.
speaker_heading: LARA
text: Not very sporting, hunting with
dialog: uzis. Somebody needs a lesson in
dialog: nature appreciation.
text: Lara boldly walks into the camp, surprising the Aussies, who drop
dialog: the
text: peccary and reach for their guns. But Lara carefully takes two-
dialog: fisted
text: aim on both Aussies, then fires her pistols simultaneously --
text: -- SHTUT! SHTUT! The darts pierce each Aussie's neck, crumpling
dialog: them
text: instantly to the ground. FOLLOW Lara as she waves Carlos and Luiz
dialog: into
dialog: the Base Camp.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Carlos and Luiz)
dialog: Look for juice, chocolate. Anything
dialog: sweet.
text: Carlos and Luiz have no idea why, but they obey.
scene_heading: AT THE BELL-BOEING
text: Lara unlatches the engine hatch. She removes the INTERRUPTER CAM
dialog: and
text: shoves it into her backpack. Carlos emerges from a nearby tent with
dialog: a
text: plastic bottle of HONEY.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Excellent.
text: Lara opens the bottle of honey, walks over to the unconscious
speaker_heading: Aussies
text: and starts dousing them in the sticky, sweet stuff... Carlos and
dialog: Luiz
dialog: are utterly confounded.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: By the time they wake up, they'll be
text: covered in fire ants.
dialog: (smirks)
dialog: Like to see them shoot their way out
dialog: of that one.
text: Carlos translates for Luiz, and they both smile too, envisioning
dialog: the
dialog: unpleasant outcome.
scene_heading: EXT. ECUADOR JUNGLE - DAY
text: Further up the trail, Lara follows Carlos and Luiz, both still
dialog: hacking
text: away with their machetes. But something catches Lara's eye: clumps
dialog: of
text: recently dug earth in a pattern.
text: Lara gets down on her knees and carefully pushes the dirt aside,
text: revealing an AP LAND MINE.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Stop guys! Now!
text: Carlos stops, looks back. But Luiz keeps walking, chopping away
dialog: until
dialog: ..- KABOOM!
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE GUARANITA - CONTINUOUS
text: The Aussies, completing the set-up of an elaborate DIVING OPERATION
dialog: on
text: the lake, are alerted by the distant explosion.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
text: One of the mines.
text: Larsen, applying sunblock, grabs a pair of BINOCULARS.
speaker_heading: POV - LARSEN (THROUGH BINOCULARS)
text: We scan the jungle path near the base camp, settling on the blasted
text: remains of a PECCARY.
speaker_heading: LARSEN (0.S.)
dialog: Just a peccary.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (0.S.)
dialog: A what?
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: Bloody pig.
text: But Malvern does not appear entirely convinced.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Have Base Camp check it out.
scene_heading: EXT. ECUADOR JUNGLE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Lara watches, waits for the GLINT of Larsen's binoculars in the sun
dialog: to
text: disappear before she steps from the underbrush. Lara stands over
dialog: the
text: bullet-riddled peccary from Malvern's camp (laid cleverly over the
dialog: exploded mine.)
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Let's hope that fooled them.
text: Lara moves to Luiz's dead body where Carlos is already kneeled
dialog: beside
text: his dead friend in prayer.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: You were close with him?
text: Carlos looks up, holding back his emotions.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: My cousin.
text: Lara kneels down beside Carlos, lays a sympathetic hand on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I'm very sorry, Carlos. If you want
dialog: to go back, I understand. But I must
dialog: keep going.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (stands, determined)
dialog: No. I will go with you. For Luiz.
text: Lara nods and hands him one of her pistols.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE GUARANITA - LATER THAT DAY
text: Malvern stands atop the lake rim taking out his impatience on a
text: cigarette. He's staring down at the fully assembled DIVING PLATFORM
text: floating off the near shore.
text: Larsen, white sun-block smeared on his nose, is seated nearby on a
text: fold-out chair reading an issue of "Cosmopolitan." The headline on
dialog: the
dialog: cover: "Show, Don't Tell."
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: (to Malvern)
dialog: Did you know that 63' of women are
dialog: multi-orgasmic? It's just not fair.
text: A diver breaks the surface and confers with a second diver on the
text: platform. The second diver gives Malvern a "thumbs down" signal,
text: prompting Malvern to angrily snuff out his cigarette butt.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Larsen, what the hell kind of people
dialog: did you hire? The divers are
text: incompetent, Base Camp is suddenly
dialog: incommunicado, and you're reading a
dialog: goddamn magazine!
text: In a flash of his temper, Malvern kicks the magazine from Larsen's
text: hands. Larsen picks up his walkie-talkie and barks a warning:
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: (into walkie)
dialog: Listen up you dickheads, don't make
dialog: me come down there.
scene_heading: EXT. MALVERN'S BASE CAMP - DAY
text: Larsen's droping threats finally revive one of the Aussies from his
text: tranquilized slumber... It takes him a moment to realize he's
dialog: covered
text: from head to toe in FIRE ANTS; he turns his head to see that Aussie
dialog: #2
text: is laid out next to him in the same predicament. As the searing
dialog: bites
dialog: register with his central nervous system:
speaker_heading: AUSSIE #1
text: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! ! !
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE GUARANITA - DAY
text: Larsen holds the walkie away from his ear as the SCREAMS of both
text: Aussies nearly burst his eardrum.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: What the hell...!?
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Peccary my ass.
text: While Larsen keep barking threats into the walkie, Malvern picks up
text: the BINOCULARS and starts scanning the surrounding valley, sweeping
text: from Base Camp northward.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: We've got company.
scene_heading: POV - MALVERN (THROUGH BINOCULARS)
text: In the adjacent, enclosed basin below, Lara uses a hand-held
speaker_heading: SCANNING
text: DEVICE while Carlos watches her back, pistol drawn.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: Two of them. Girl's got what looks
text: like a spectrometer...
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Malvern slowly lowers the binoculars, having an epiphany.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: She's looking for volcanic gasses...
text: another entrance.
dialog: (to Larsen; urgent)
dialog: Get two men back to Base Camp. The
dialog: other two are coming with me.
scene_heading: EXT. VOLCANIC FISSURE - DAY
text: Lara's SPECTROMETER registers high levels of sulfuric acid over a
text: narrow fissure.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Ah-ha.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: COMPLETE DARKNESS. Then...a rustle. A snap -- whoosh! A burst of
text: controlled chemical flame. A FLARE casts light on Lara and Carlos,
dialog: who
dialog: proceed cautiously. We are:
scene_heading: INT. VOLCANIC FISSURE - DAY
text: A few yards into the fissure, the walls become smooth, lined with
text: tell-tale STONE FORMATIONS.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (re: stonework.)
dialog: Incan. Early 16th century. Look how
dialog: perfect the seams are...
text: The gently-sloping path is abruptly closed off with an immense
speaker_heading: STONE
text: SLAB. Lara scans the area and notices a WALL LEVER.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Not much choice, is there?
text: Carlos shakes his head warily as Lara pulls the lever. Unseen gears
text: grind, portending trouble. But finally, the slab slides out of the
dialog: way
text: ...revealing a small ANTECHAMBER.
scene_heading: INT. ANTECHAMBER - DAY
text: Lara cautiously leads Carlos into the non-descript room. As soon as
text: Carlos steps on the center tile...
text: SLAAAAM! The stone slab shuts behind them. Flare in hand, Lara
dialog: quickly
text: searches the room. No lever anywhere. But there are NOTCHES carved
text: into the wall...
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: This way!
text: Lara pulls Carlos back against the wall without notches as: the
dialog: floor
text: slides open beneath them...but only halfway!
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
text: An airlock. Very ingenious.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Air lock?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Like a submarine. This cavern used
text: to be at the bottom of a lake. Had
dialog: to keep the water out.
text: Lara peers down the vertical shaft below them. With the flare she
dialog: can
text: see a few more NOTCHED STEPS in the stone wall...but the rest have
text: been destroyed by another FISSURE.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Can't climb down...
text: Lara drops the flare down the shaft to gauge its depth. About 50
dialog: yards
text: before -- Fssssst. The flare hits a pool of water and extinguishes.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: I don't swim.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: No problem. I always come prepared.
text: Lara hooks a wire from her BELT WINCH to a PITON, then loads the
dialog: piton
text: into her compression assembly pistol. Firing the piton into the
dialog: shaft
text: ceiling, Lara steps off the antechamber's half-floor and dangles
text: beside Carlos.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me get down a ways, then grab
dialog: onto the cable yourself.
text: Carlos nods apprehensively, watching as Lara lowers herself deeper
text: into the shaft, scanning the walls with her FLASHLIGHT. Swallowing
dialog: his
text: fear, Carlos reaches for and grabs hold of the cable...slowly
dialog: lowering
text: himself down behind Lara.
text: Lara's flashlight exposes a series of HIEROGLYPHICS carved onto the
text: shaft. They appear to be a warning of some kind. Showing BLADES
dialog: that
dialog: will cut in half any tomb raiders who venture down the shaft
dialog: without
text: stepping in one particular notch...which Lara realizes she's
dialog: already
dialog: passed.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh dear.
text: Suddenly, CROSS-CUTTING BLADES slide from the shaft walls in
dialog: several
text: places...nearly decapitating Carlos and almost severing Lara's
dialog: legs!
text: Their cable cut, they both plummet the last 20 yards into the pool
text: below, screaming all the way down.
scene_heading: INT. SUBTERRANEAN CAVERN - DAY
text: Lara and Carlos SPLASH down then quickly break up through the
dialog: surface
text: of a small reservoir. Carlos splashes around, no swimmer. But Lara
text: stands, showing the water only comes to her chest.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: There's a step here.
text: But as Carlos paddles onto the step, Lara's flashlight reflects off
dialog: of
text: dozens of BEADY EYES surrounding them.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (with dread)
dialog: Rats.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Aim for the eyes.
text: The chamber is quickly filled with the ECHOES OF GUNFIRE as Lara
dialog: and
text: Carlos ascend the underwater steps, shooting rats when they get too
text: close. The steps lead to:
scene_heading: INT. MAUSOLEUM ROOM - DAY
text: FOLLOW Lara and Carlos as they enter a stunning, vast subterranean
text: cavern housing towering GOLDEN STATUES and TWO GOLD-ADORNED
speaker_heading: MAUSOLEUMS
text: built squarely in the middle of the chamber, facing one another.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: El Dorado?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Just the tip of the iceberg, if
dialog: we're lucky.
text: Lara cracks a couple FLARES and tosses them throughout,
dialog: illuminating
text: the chamber in an eerie orange glow. Carlos walks with awe towards
dialog: a
scene_heading: HALF-PUMA/HALF-MAN STATUE with EMERALD EYES -- Lara grabs his hand
text: before he touches one of the jewels.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Careful, Carlos. We're intruders
dialog: here. Anything could be a trap.
text: Lara walks cautiously to the center of the chamber, standing
dialog: between
text: the two mausoleum entrances.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
text: Looks like a royal burial chamber
dialog: for the last Incan king, Manco.
text: With her flashlight Lara examines the two different STATUES atop
dialog: each
dialog: mausoleum.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Theses statues represent two of the
dialog: primary gods of the Inca religion.
dialog: Mama Kilya, the mother moon; and
dialog: Ilyapa, the thunder god.
text: Carlos joins Lara, peering nervously down the ominous stairwell
text: leading into one of the mausoleums.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd wager that Manco's wife is
text: guarded by Kilya, and his firstborn
text: son sleeps under Ilyapa.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Where is Manco?
text: Lara turns her flashlight on an enormous pair of DOUBLE DOORS at
dialog: the
text: far back wall. Above the double doors is an immense GOLDEN SUN
dialog: carved
text: into the stone.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: That sun represents Inti, the sun
dialog: god. My guess is Manco is buried
text: behind those doors.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: Maybe El Dorado is behind there,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Could be. Certainly, no need to
dialog: disturb these other tombs...
text: Carlos follows Lara back towards the massive double doors. But Lara
text: stops him with a warning hand.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Better stay back. I have a feeling
dialog: they haven't rolled out the red
dialog: carpets for us.
text: Lara tosses Carlos her backpack, then slowly approaches the doors
dialog: to
text: Manco's tomb, which appear to be hermetically sealed. Carved into
dialog: both
text: doors are KEYHOLES.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Knife, please.
text: Carlos pulls a KNIFE from Lara's backpack and flips it to her.
dialog: Biting
text: her lip in concentration, Lara tries to jimmy one of the
dialog: keyholes...
text: until the floor beneath her feet starts to pivot! Carlos jumps back
dialog: in fear.
text: Maintaining her composure, Lara skids down the now-angled section
dialog: of
text: floor...turns and STABS HER KNIFE into the floor, holding on with
dialog: both
text: hands as the floor continues to rotate.
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: The sub-chamber is filled with SKELETONS impaled on BLOOD INCRUSTED
speaker_heading: SPIKES!
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: As the floor rotates, Lara dangles inches above the jagged spikes,
dialog: her
text: grip on the dagger slipping...one hand falling away...but now the
text: floor rotates back to its original position and resets itself.
dialog: Sparing
text: Lara the fate of many unprepared tomb raiders before her.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: That was fun.
text: Jaw dropped, Carlos remembers to breathe again.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Looks like we have to pay a visit to
dialog: mommy and junior after all. See
dialog: about some keys.
scene_heading: INT. TUPAC'S MAUSOLEUM - STAIRS - DAY
text: Carlos nervously follows Lara down the narrow stairs.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I've found that traps usually
dialog: reflect how the entombed lived...and
dialog: died. Manco's son, Prince Tupac
dialog: Amaru, was killed by Spanish
text: Conquistadors. He was beheaded then
text: burned at the stake.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (gulp)
dialog: I'll wait here.
text: Carlos wisely stops midway down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. PRINCE'S TOMB - DAY
text: Stepping down off the final stair, her eyes wide and alert, Lara
text: enters Tupac's tomb with only a FLASHLIGHT. The rectangular room
text: appears harmless: an ornately carved SARCOPHAGUS raised on a stone
text: pedestal. One more step, though, and the stairs behind her suddenly
text: retract into the wall with a resounding THUD!
text: Carlos is kneeled at the edge of the stairs where there is now a
dialog: 15'
text: drop down into the tomb.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Fine. Just get a rope ready. That
dialog: can't be the worst of it.
text: As Carlos pulls a ROPE from Lara's backpack, Lara notices that
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: LIQUID is oozing up into the room from a sub-area previously
dialog: blocked
text: by the stairs. Lara inspects the liquid.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oil... Better hurry with that rope,
dialog: Carlos!
text: Lara hops up onto the stone pedestal to keep away from the rising
dialog: oil,
text: which curiously stops flowing once the room is covered with a one
dialog: foot
text: layer of the black ooze.
text: Not sure what to make of this, Lara returns to the task at hand.
dialog: Using
text: all her strength, Lara pushes the heavy lid of the sarcophagus...
text: inside of which she finds A BEJEWELED KEY resting on the Prince's
text: mummified chest.
text: But when Lara takes the key...the sarcophagus starts to lower into
dialog: the oil!
text: INSERT SHOT: FLINT STONES on the back of the sarcophagus scrape the
text: wall and SPARK as it lowers.
text: THE TOMB BURSTS INTO FLAMES! Lara instinctively leaps for the rope
text: Carlos has lowered from the edge of the stairs...just catching it
dialog: with
dialog: her fingertips!
text: Lara scrambles up the rope -- which is burning behind her -- as TWO
text: STONE SLATS slide closed from both sides of the stairwell. The tomb
text: is sealing itself up like a kiln...with Lara in it! Carlos grabs
dialog: hold
text: of the rope and pulls Lara to safety just the tomb seals itself.
text: Again, Carlos is emotionally spent.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Don't say that was fun.
speaker_heading: LARA
text: Mildly diverting.
dialog: (teasing Carlos)
dialog: Can't wait to see what mommy's got
dialog: in store for us.
scene_heading: INT. MAUSOLEUM ROOM - DAY
text: Lara and Carlos exit the Prince's tomb and walk 20' straight across
dialog: to
text: the Queen's tomb entrance.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: I hate to ask but...how did the
dialog: Queen die?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: You'll want to wait on the stairs.
dialog: Trust me.
scene_heading: INT. QUEEN'S TOMB - DAY
text: This time Lara descends the stairs more carefully while Carlos
dialog: watches
text: on from midway up. With every step, Lara scans the walls, the
dialog: floor,
text: the ceiling. When she reaches the bottom of the steps, she half-
text: expects the stairs to retract again...but they don't.
text: The Queen's SARCOPHAGUS is set in a RECTANGULAR DEPRESSION in the
text: floor against the far wall. Lara is now faced with a long walk
dialog: across
text: the room, her every step echoing ominously. Sweat starts to bead on
text: her forehead as Lara searches vainly for a sign of the traps to
dialog: come...
text: Finally, Lara reaches the depression and gently climbs down next to
text: the sarcophagus. She drops to her knees and inspects every inch of
dialog: the
text: coffin: no signs of a trap.
text: So Lara cautiously tests the lid, which is carved in the shape of a
dialog: beautiful woman --
text: -- SPIKES SHOOT FROM THE HANDS, EYES, AND MOUTH ON THE LID! The lid
text: itself then springs upright on its lateral hinge, right at
dialog: Lara...who
text: jumps backwards against the depression wall just enough so that the
text: spikes stop millimeters from her torso and face!
text: Suddenly, loud GRINDING can be heard behind the main tomb's side
text: walls...which now start closing in above Lara! A quick check of the
text: distance back to the stairs tells Lara she'll never make it before
text: being squashed...or sealed into the rectangular depressicn with the
dialog: Queen's mummy!
text: So Lara MULE-KICKS the sarcophagus lid above the hinge...which
dialog: cracks
text: and sends the lid smashing back onto its resting place atop the
text: sarcophagus.
text: Now Lara runs to the back of the sarcophagus and slides the lid
text: forward...until it teeters on the front edge of the sarcophagus,
dialog: then
text: tilts to the floor. This leaves one end of the lid pointed at the
text: ceiling (just above the lip of the depression) and the other end of
text: the lid touching the floor.
text: In a flash -- with the tomb side walls getting closer each second -
text: Lara grabs the second KEY from the Queen's mummy, then hops over
dialog: the
text: tilted lid, climbs out of the rectangular depression and makes a
dialog: run
text: for it across the main tomb floor.
text: REACTION SHOT: Carlos has his hands over his eyes, watching through
dialog: his fingers as:
text: The walls continue to close in tighter. But moments before Lara is
text: crushed...the walls stop! Lara looks back, pleased to see: the
dialog: raised
text: end of the sarcophagus lid has stopped the walls from closing
dialog: further. Her plan worked --
text: -- CRUUUUUUNCH! The lid BUCKLES and CRACKS under the extreme
dialog: pressure.
text: The walls lurch to life again!
text: Lara starts running...the path back to the stairs getting ever more
text: narrow...forcing Lara to run side-step now...
text: CU - THE SARCOPHAGUS LID is about to be pulverized!
text: Lara senses the end and executes a mid-air TWIST/REVERSE ROUND OFF
text: sticking her landing three steps below Carlos just as the walls
speaker_heading: SLAM
text: together. Carlos shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: You are not human.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I'll take that as a compliment.
text: Lara leans over to dust herself off, but finds she can't: the walls
text: have closed on the end of her ponytail.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Knife, please.
text: Carlos flips her the knife again. Then he watches Lara cut herself
text: free, losing an inch or two of hair.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Needed a trim anyway.
text: As they start up the stairs, Carlos walking backwards, rambling
text: nervously to Lara as she ascends with him.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: I never seen anything like this. All
dialog: these traps. And still the King's
dialog: tomb to go. How can we ever make it
dialog: to El Dorado?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: As long as we stick together we just
dialog: might get out of here alive.
text: As they reach the top of the steps leading back to the Mausoleum
dialog: Room.
text: Carlos stops, gasps.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Carlos?
text: Carlos slumps forward, shot from behind! Lara props up his dead
dialog: body
text: for a moment, then ducks as the mausoleum wall ERUPTS under
dialog: silenced
text: sniper fire.
text: Lara grabs back the pistol she lent Carlos and unholsters her own.
text: After she pulls on her backpack, Lara makes the sign of the cross
dialog: over
dialog: Carlos! body.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Rest in peace, my friend.
text: Then she sprints out of the Queen's tomb...
scene_heading: INT. MAUSOLEUM ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Dodging a flurry of BULLETS, Lara runs and shoots her guns, then
speaker_heading: DIVES
text: and ROLLS behind the Prince's tomb. TWO AUSSIE SNIPERS continue to
text: shoot in her direction, Lara puts down her guns and takes the
speaker_heading: AIRTANK/
text: FLAMETHROWER from her backpack.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ECUADOR JUNGLE - DAY
text: Luiz's CORPSE laying on its back in the brush.
text: REVEAL - DODGE staring down at his former Boatman with a sad look
dialog: of
dialog: frustration.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Why do they never listen to me?
text: Dodge hears FOOTFALLS in the jungle. Larsen and two other Aussies
text: approaching. He takes one last look up towards Lake Guaranita and
dialog: mutters:
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Good luck, Lara. You're gonna need
dialog: it.
text: As Dodge starts jogging back towards the Napo river, we go;
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAUSOLEUM ROOM - DAY
text: The AUSSIE SNIPERS walk out of the shadows searching for Lara.
dialog: Their
text: WALKIE TALKIES squelches to life.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (0.S.)
dialog: (over walkie)
dialog: I heard shots. Talk to me.
speaker_heading: AUSSIE #3
dialog: I dropped the monkeyman. Now it's
text: the girl's turn.
speaker_heading: AUSSIE #4
dialog: We'll let you know when it's safe.
text: The two snipers hear a HISSING noise and see the flickering light
dialog: of a
text: controlled flame on one side of the Prince's mausoleum. They
dialog: approach
text: the light from opposite sides and leap out of hiding simultaneously
dialog: and FIRE --
text: -- THE AIRTANK EXPLODES INTO FIERY METAL SHARDS! Taking out both
text: Aussie snipers. A beat. Then Lara drops down from atop the Prince's
text: mausoleum, landing next to the dead men.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VOLCANIC FISSURE - CONTINUOUS
text: WALKIE-TALKIE in hand, Malvern stands over the fissure, peering
dialog: down
text: into the darkness.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: What happened!? Cutler! Garrett!
speaker_heading: LARA (0.S.)
dialog: (over walkie)
dialog: Next time don't send boys to do a
dialog: girl's work.
text: Off Malvern's incredulous face, we go;
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. MANCO'S TOMB - DAY
text: The massive double doors CREAK open revealing Lara, a look of
text: anticipation on her face. We are:
scene_heading: INT. GROTTO - DAY
text: Lara walks into an impossibly beautiful GROTTO with a massive
dialog: vaulted
text: ceiling, the centerpiece of which is a shallow REFLECTING POOL
text: surrounded by a dozen pillars at least two stories high --
text: -- WHUUUMP! The double doors have slammed shut behind Lara.
text: On the far side of the grotto Lara finds an ornate entranceway
dialog: blocked
text: by solid gold SUN RAYS. But the gaps between rays are not large
dialog: enough
text: to crawl through. So Lara pulls out her VIDEO PROBE with REMOTE
text: CONTROL DEVICE (and mini view screen). Activating the airjet-
dialog: powered
text: probe, Lara sends it floating inside the dark burial chamber.
scene_heading: CU - REMOTE MINI-SCREEN: Inscribed on all the walls are PAINTINGS
text: telling of Manco's great deeds. Depictions of wars won, incredible
text: amounts of gold amassed. One painting shows Manco holding a BLACK,
text: VASE-LIKE OBJECT from which gold seems to flow. Another painting
dialog: finds
text: Manco praying before the black, vase-like object set atop a glowing
speaker_heading: SHRINE.
text: Lara navigates the probe over to the centerpiece of Manco's burial
text: chamber: a round, solid gold SARCOPHAGUS. A spiral of HIEROGLYPHICS
text: particularly interests Lara, who starts feeding the images into her
text: laptop database. She mentally translates the message on the
dialog: sarcophagus...
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: You fooled us all, didn't you,
dialog: Manco?
text: Suddenly, the whole grotto RUMBLES. Lara spins around to see: the
text: water in the reflecting pool is splashing over the sides! The
dialog: grotto
text: is filling up at an astonishing rate.
text: Lara shoves the probe and laptop into her waterproof backpack. She
text: runs to the center of the grotto, scanning the walls with her
text: FLASHLIGHT for a possible escape route. Nothing.
text: Lara tries to shimmy up one of the columns, but it's too wide. And
dialog: she
text: slips back down...into water already neck deep!
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Could've used that air tank about
dialog: now.
text: As the water level swiftly rises, carrying Lara closer to the
dialog: ceiling,
text: JAGGED SPIKES extend from the ceiling!
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Got to be a way out...
dialog: (revelation)
dialog: Or a way in.
text: Seconds from death by impaling, Lara takes a deep breath and dives
dialog: to
text: the center of the reflecting pool...
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: Lara searches for and finds a NARROW INLET through which all the
dialog: water
text: is flowing into the grotto. Barely able to fit, Lara squeezes
dialog: inside,
text: FLASHLIGHT illuminating the way...
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Lara is swimming right at us, sloping upwards now. Her eyes wide
dialog: with
text: fear as her lungs begin to shrink. Determination turns to
dialog: desperation
text: as she abandons the flashlight to stroke with both hands. Faster
dialog: and
dialog: faster...into darkness...
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE GUARANITA - DUSK
text: Gasping for air, Lara bursts up through the surface of the lake,
text: recognizable by the missing WEDGE in one side.
text: Malvern has abandoned the diving platform and pulled up stakes. As
text: Lara paddles for the shore...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: CU - THE BELL-BOEING ENGINE is missing the interrupter cam (an
dialog: integral part of the ignition system) that Lara stole.
speaker_heading: LARSEN (0.S.)
dialog: Bitch wants to strand us out here.
dialog: We are:
scene_heading: EXT. MALVERN'S BASE CAMP - NIGHT
text: Larsen slams down the engine hatch. Malvern shakes his head, way
dialog: ahead
dialog: of the game.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: You don't disable the ignition to
dialog: strand us. You do it because you
dialog: need a way back yourself.
text: No one else seems to follow Malvern's logic, including Aussies #1
dialog: and
text: #2, their exposed skin peppered with swollen ANT BITES.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: Clear out the camp. Let's see if our
text: little rat takes the bait.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE HILLSIDE - NIGHT
text: Lara climbs down the moderate incline, stopping beneath a cinchona
text: tree. She squeezes her hair out and re-braids it into a ponytail,
dialog: then
text: pulls out a pair of CUSTOMIZED NIGHT GOGGLES from her backpack.
text: Scanning the valley below:
speaker_heading: POV - LARA (THROUGH GOGGLES)
text: First point of interest: the Napo river where Dodge dropped her
dialog: off.
text: The trawler is no longer moored near the rapids. Scanning further
dialog: up
text: river, Lara spots Dodge's vessel half-way back to Francisco de
dialog: Orellana.
text: Lara PANS the goggles to Malvern's base camp, which looks
dialog: invitingly
text: deserted. Until Lara flicks on the THERMAL-VIEW
text: FILTER...illuminating
text: FIVE BODY-HEAT AURAS, lurking in a near-perfect perimeter around
dialog: the
dialog: camp.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Lara smirks as she removes the goggles.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Planning a little ambush, are we?
text: From her backpack, Lara removes a SPREAD PIN. Loading it into her
text: compression assembly pistol, Lara takes aim on a tree directly
dialog: across
text: from her by 50 meters -- a tree with roots planted right near the
dialog: Bell-Boeing.
text: The spread pin shoots silently to the treetop and catches in a
dialog: branch
text: "Vv." Lara ties off the wire end to her cinchona tree. Using a HAND
text: TROLLEY, Lara starts the long, precarious journey from tree to
dialog: tree.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Larsen is once again reading Cosmo, this time tallying his point
dialog: total
dialog: on a questionnaire:
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: (reads analysis)
dialog: "Buy him some Viagra, he needs
dialog: help!?"
dialog: (tosses magazine)
text: Stinking rag.
text: Twenty feet above him, Lara shimmies along stealthily until:
text: INSERT SHOT: The spread pin pulls through the branch "V."
text: Lara drops five feet as the wire goes slack, then taut again! The
text: spread pin re-catches in another "V." Now Lara's dangling by her
dialog: hands
text: only, clinging to the hand trolley.
text: Directly below her, Larsen stands, alerted. Fingers on the uzi
text: trigger, Larsen looks every direction but up.
text: Lara gracefully regains her shimmy position and continues on into
dialog: the
text: tree unseen.
scene_heading: EXT. MALVERN'S BASE CAMP - NIGHT
text: Lara descends the tree, placing her ten feet from the Bell-Boeing.
text: Scampering over to the plane, she quietly raises the engine hatch
dialog: and
text: replaces the INTERRUPTER CAM.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - NIGHT
text: Lara straps herself into her seat and reaches for the ignition. The
dialog: keys aren't there.
text: Thinking quickly, she pulls her night goggles back out and starts
text: scanning the base camp.
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: Inside one of the tents across the camp, Lara ZOOMS IN on a set of
text: KEYS with a "BB" insignia laying on the MAP TABLE.
speaker_heading: LARA (0.S.)
dialog: Ah-ha.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Lara puts away the night goggles and removes the REMOTE PROBE.
dialog: Picking
text: through her backpack, she finds what she needs: another spread pin.
text: Cramming it into the hemispherical ridge on the probe, Lara
dialog: improvises
text: a HOOK ATTACHMENT.
scene_heading: EXT. MALVERN'S BASE CAMP - NIGHT
text: The probe zips across the camp towards the map tent.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - NIGHT
text: Lara watches the MINI VIEW SCREEN as she manipulates the REMOTE
text: CONTROL DEVICE. She maneuvers the probe to hook up the keys...gets
text: them on the spread pin...but drops them onto a metal HALIBURTON
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: -- CHAAAANG!
text: Malvern and his men all tense up, bring guns to the ready.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: (into walkie)
dialog: Where'd that noise come from?
speaker_heading: AUSSIE #1 (0.S.)
dialog: (over walkie)
text: One of the tents.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: (into walkie)
dialog: Let's close in. Slowly.
text: As the Aussies all tighten their perimeter...
text: Lara bites her lower lip in concentration as she tries to re-hook
dialog: the
text: keys. Out of the corner of her eyes she can see the Aussies
dialog: emerging
text: one-by-one from the jungle.
text: One last try and the keys are hooked on the probe. But as Lara
dialog: steers
text: the probe back towards the cockpit, a warning light flashes on the
text: remote control: "COMPRESSION LOW."
text: Outside, the probe falters, the compressed air-jets not moving it
dialog: as
dialog: fast now...
text: Malvern spots the probe -- and the keys -- heading towards the
dialog: Bell-
text: Boeing. Malvern OPENS FIRE, prompting everyone to unload their
dialog: clips.
text: The probe spins around drunkenly, its jet assembly damaged... Lara
text: leans precariously out of the cockpit, briefly exposing herself to
text: Aussie gunfire, and reaches for the probe. She grabs the keys just
dialog: as
dialog: the probe falls to the ground!
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: STOP HER!
text: But as they close in -- WHOOOOOSH! Malvern and his men are blasted
dialog: by
text: JET WASH from the Bell-Boeing 609. All the Aussies but Malvern open
dialog: fire again...
text: Lara deliberately throws the plane into a 360@ ground
dialog: spin...sending
text: the Aussies diving for cover...giving her just enough time and
dialog: space
text: to ascend vertically from the jungle clearing.
text: FIND Malvern at a CRATE assembling a SURFACE TO AIR MISSILE!
text: Larsen spots the probe Lara left behind. Picking it up, he speaks
dialog: to
text: the camera lens.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: Listen up you wench...
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - NIGHT
text: Lara peers down at the MINI VIEW SCREEN which is on the seat
dialog: between
text: her legs. Larsen's ugly mug appears as a static-filled transmission
dialog: on
text: the remote display.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: (on view screen)
dialog: We've got a little surprise for you.
text: Larsen points the probe-cam over at Malvern, who fires the missile!
text: Lara looks out the window of the plane:
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: THE MISSILE swerves through the sky right at her!
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Lara quickly searches the control panel, finally locating THE EJECT
text: LEVER, which she pulls back.
text: The cockpit canopy BURSTS open and Lara is jettisoned into the
dialog: night
text: sky, still strapped into her seat!
scene_heading: EXT. SKY ABOVE - THE ECUADOR JUNGLE - NIGHT
text: As she tumbles away from the plane, the missile connects with the
text: Bell-Boeing...which EXPLODES IN MID-AIR!
text: A PARACHUTE deploys from the top of Lara's seat...and she floats
text: slowly into the dark jungle below.
scene_heading: EXT. MALVERN'S BASE CAMP - NIGHT
text: Malvern watches the distant explosion as he tunes in a frequency on
text: his SHORT-WAVE RADIO.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Send in my chopper -- you've got our
dialog: coordinates. And bring all the ammo
dialog: we've got left.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIPPING VESSEL - NIGHT
text: A sleek black HUEY CHOPPER takes off from the deck of a large
dialog: shipping
text: vessel outfitted with WHALING EQUIPMENT (harpoon guns, nets, etc.)
dialog: On
text: the side of the ship -- and the chopper -- the name "SEAPRO, INC."
dialog: is
text: accompanied by a WHITE WHALE LOGO.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRANCISCO DE ORELLANA - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The small town is ablaze. SMOKE clouds the main street where Larsen
text: and Aussie #3 beat the snot out of a LOCAL while Malvern watches on
text: with mild interest.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: You thought you saw her?! Now what
dialog: the hell good does that do us?
text: Larsen kicks the Local a few more times for good measure.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Why don't you jog his memory.
text: Larsen flicks on his GOLD LIGHTER. Aussie #3 holds a MOLOTOV
speaker_heading: COCKTAIL
text: under Larsen's lighter, igniting the chemical bomb. Against the
text: Local's pleas, Aussie #3 hurls the cocktail into the Cantina.
speaker_heading: FLAMES
text: erupt.
text: REVEAL - DODGE watching this inquisition from a safe distance...
text: wanting to intervene, but powerless to do so. Head down, he crosses
text: the street into his shanty office.
scene_heading: INT. DODGE'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Pulling his leather coat off a wall hook, Dodge stuffs it into an
text: already packed DUFFEL BAG.
speaker_heading: LARA (0.S.)
dialog: I found it.
text: Dodge whirls, BOWIE KNIFE in hand and ready to throw...until he
dialog: sees
text: Lara stepping from the shadows! Still beautiful but wearing half
dialog: the
text: jungle on her clothes and in her hair.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (distressed)
dialog: Are you crazy!? Didn't you see what
dialog: Malvern's doing to this town looking
dialog: for you --
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: You found what?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: El Dorado. But it doesn't mean
dialog: "Golden City" like everyone thinks.
dialog: It means "Golden Man."
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Look, I don't have time to play word
dialog: games with you. I've got to get out
dialog: of here...
text: Dodge grabs up his duffel bag. As he exits:
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: I take it Carlos and Luiz didn't
dialog: make it?
text: Lara steps in front of Dodge, blocking his path. Their bodies
dialog: almost
dialog: touching.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: No. But they did help me get
dialog: inside Manco's tomb. He's the Golden
dialog: Man, Dodge.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: So you solved the mystery of El
dialog: Dorado. Bully for you. Doesn't mean
dialog: squat if you're dead.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm leaving. You should too.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Wait. There's something else...the
dialog: source of all the Incan gold.
text: This gets Dodge's attention.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: There were directions to another
dialog: sacred place high in the Andes,
dialog: south of here. That's where King
dialog: Manco kept "The Black Veil," which
dialog: either located gold...or created it.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (thinks about it but...)
dialog: I told you before, Lara, it's alla
dialog: wild goose chase. Forget it.
text: He moves away from her, checks out the window: Larsen and company
dialog: are
text: working over another couple LOCALS.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: They're working their way down the
dialog: street...
dialog: (turns back)
dialog: Do you have any idea who Malvern is?
dialog: I made a few calls, and you can
dialog: forget all that money he's throwing
dialog: around. His whaling business is
dialog: bankrupt. He's a desperate man,
dialog: Lara. He's got nothing to lose.
text: Lara takes a deep breath to utter uncomfortable words:
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I need you, Dodge. I need your help.
text: This stops Dodge from exiting the back door.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: You managed to do in one day what I
dialog: wasn't able to do in ten years. What
dialog: the hell do you need me for?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I've got Manco's secret, but
dialog: Malvern's got me trapped.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't want my name on that
dialog: impressive list of yours. Just get
dialog: me out of town, and up to the
dialog: mountains, and I'll give you what
dialog: Darby offered me: a 50-50 split.
text: Mulling it over, Dodge sneaks another peek out the window.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: What shape was Manco's sarcophagus?
speaker_heading: LARA
text: Round. Like the sun.
text: Dodge nods, knowing this to be truth. After a long moment:
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: I must be crazy as the rest of you
dialog: 50-50.
text: He extends his hand. They shake, holding onto each other for just a
dialog: little longer than necessary.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, I almost forgot...
text: He goes to the curtained-off closet and slides out a small CARGO
speaker_heading: CRATE.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: This came for you today.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CU - A CRATE
text: This 4x4 crate, marked "via messenger", is addressed to Lara Croft
text: care of Nathaniel Dodge. Lara uses Dodge's BOWIE KNIFE to pry the
dialog: lid
dialog: off of the crate. We are:
scene_heading: INT. TRAWLER CABIN - NIGHT
text: While Dodge steers the trawler down the Napo without the benefit of
text: the noisy inboard motor, Lara digs through the excelsior-packed
dialog: crate,
text: finding a neatly packaged (in brown paper and string) CHANGE OF
speaker_heading: CLOTHES.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: How convenient.
text: Lara digs further, finding a small, portable REFRIGERATION BOX
dialog: (used
text: for organ transportation.) Inside, cloaked in frosty air, Lara
dialog: finds
text: an EGG AND PICKLE SANDWICH and a CARIBBEAN CRUISE BROCHURE with a
dialog: note: "Who knows, it might get hijacked. That could be fun. Love,
dialog: Karak."
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: You've got to be kidding me...
text: Lara bites happily into the sandwich.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Bite?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Egg and pickles? Pass.
text: Lara puts down the sandwich and picks up the clothes.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Someplace I can change?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Yeah. The master suite.
text: He jerks a thumb at a curtained area in the rear of the cabin. Lara
text: pulls back the curtain, revealing a grungy bunk and a rusty sink.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: How charming.
text: Dodge waits for Lara to disappear behind the closed curtain...then
text: grabs up the note.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Who's Karak?
speaker_heading: LARA (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, just the man I live with.
text: Dodge glances back at the curtain. The single light above the bunk
text: casts an enticing SILHOUETTE of Lara as she disrobes.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Sounds serious.
text: BEHIND THE CURTAIN
text: Lara snuggles into a form-fitting Lycra top.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Quite. Karak's much older. Very
dialog: wise, very distinguished. Frankly,
dialog: I'm lucky to have him.
text: She's smiling, knowing how this must sound.
speaker_heading: BACK IN CABIN
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: I'm surprised he let you come down
dialog: here by yourself. I know I wouldn't.
speaker_heading: LARA (0.S.)
dialog: And why is that?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I'd hate to miss all the fun.
text: Lara emerges from behind the curtain, zipping up her very
dialog: flattering
dialog: new shorts.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Good answer.
text: Dodge gives her new outfit a once-over.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: I feel overdressed.
text: FLASHLIGHT BEAMS criss-cross over the trawler. Dodge ducks and
dialog: pulls
text: Lara down with him.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Must be Malvern.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Hope you've got a plan B.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: I prefer to improvise.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NAPO RIVER - NIGHT
text: Malvern and the Aussies stand on top of the sloping Napo banks,
text: FLASHLIGHTS searching the trawler, which drifts silently in
dialog: circles.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Search it.
text: The two Aussies make running leaps from the bank onto the front
dialog: deck
dialog: of the trawler.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: First one to find the girl gets five
dialog: minutes alone with her. Then I want
dialog: every cent she's cost me back in
dialog: blood.
scene_heading: REAR OF THE TRAWLER
text: Dodge and Lara float in the water, covertly lowering a crudely-
dialog: carved
text: CANOE from the back of the boat. He whispers:
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Turn it over.
text: Lara is confused for a moment, until she sees: the bottom of the
text: canoe has been painted to resemble a log.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fools the banditos eyery time.
text: Lara smiles, impressed.
text: BACK ON THE TRAWLER
text: The two Aussies make a mess of the cabin, finding Lara's crate and
text: clothes. Aussie #5 steps outside, reports to Malvern:
speaker_heading: AUSSIE #5
dialog: They're gone, but they were here.
text: Unconvinced, Malvern shines his flashlight on the river, prompting
dialog: the
text: two Aussies to do the same. One of the flashlight beams falls onto
dialog: the
text: overturned canoe, which looks remarkably like a floating log.
scene_heading: UNDERNEATH THE CANOE
text: Lara and Dodge wade through the murky water, along with Dodge's
text: floating duffel. Their shallow breathing echoes as the flashlight
text: beams cut through the water all around them.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (whispers; sarcastic)
dialog: Of course the nice thing about this
dialog: plan is that if they open fire,
dialog: we'll be dead instantly.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (whispers back)
dialog: That's if the piranha don't get us
dialog: first.
text: ON THE BANKS
text: The two Aussies jump back to the river bank and rejoin Malvern.
dialog: Aussie
text: #5 hands the CRATE LID to Malvern, who shines his flashlight on it,
text: illuminating the name "Lara Croft." Malvern hands the lid back.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: I want all the dirt on Ms. Croft.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NAPO TRIBUTARY - NIGHT
text: Lara and Dodge canoe up to Dodge's SEAPLANE, which is hidden in the
text: vegetation overhanging the edges of the tributary.
scene_heading: INT. SEAPLANE - NIGHT
text: Dodge and Lara toss their bags into the back of the four-seater.
dialog: Dodge
text: fires up the ignition, setting the propellers in fitful
dialog: motion...until
dialog: they stop.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: You need me to get out and push?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (pointed)
dialog: I think best when it's quiet.
text: He drops his head between Lara's legs, nosing around under the
dialog: dash.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Bit forward, aren't we?
text: Fiddling with wires, Dodge sets the props back into action.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Hey, it's our second date, right?
speaker_heading: LARA
text: Date's over. I see flashlights.
text: Sure enough, oncoming FLASHLIGHT BEAMS streak through the trees.
dialog: Dodge
text: ignores them, concentrating instead on taxiing the seaplane back
dialog: onto
dialog: the Napo.
text: As the flashlights draw closer and brighter, Dodge points the
dialog: seaplane
text: up river where the vegetation is less dense. UZI GUNFIRE lights up
dialog: the
text: night sky as Dodge throttles the seaplane down the watery runway...
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (to plane)
dialog: Come on, honey. Come on.
text: As the plane finds some lift, Lara is the first to spot their next
dialog: obstacle.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Naturally you accounted for this.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Naturally.
scene_heading: POV - BOTH LARA & DODGE
text: The trawler still floats in circles upstream, completely blocking
dialog: their river runway!
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Amidst gunfire, as a collision appears imminent, Dodge ROLLS THE
speaker_heading: PLANE
text: SIDEWAYS...just missing the trawler and several shoreline trees.
dialog: Lara
text: opens her eyes and resumes breathing.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (slightly shaken)
dialog: That brought back memories.
scene_heading: EXT. NAPO RIVER - NIGHT
text: With uzi fire still blazing around him, Malvern watches the
dialog: seaplane
text: lights recede into the night sky. He gestures to Larsen and company
dialog: to
text: suppress their fire -- oddly, all the Aussies have been firing
dialog: their
text: uzis into the jungle.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Worked like a charm.
text: He activates a REMOTE TRACKING DEVICE which shows a small
speaker_heading: OSCILLOSCOPE
text: radar display of the seaplane's location.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SEA-PLANE - NIGHT
text: On the underside of the seaplane, a RED LIGHT blinks on a small
speaker_heading: BLACK
scene_heading: BOX LOCATOR DEVICE.
scene_heading: INT. SEAPLANE - NIGHT
text: Oblivious to the tracking device, Lara types on her laptop.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: The suspense is killing me. Where're
dialog: we headed?
text: CU - LARA'S COMPUTER displays video footage taken inside Manco's
dialog: tomb.
text: Lara FREEZE FRAMES on the carvings atop the sarcophagus.
speaker_heading: LARA (0.S.)
text: These hieroglyphics imply the Black
text: Veil is hidden in Machu Picchu.
speaker_heading: DODGE (0.S.)
dialog: Not a chance. That place has been
dialog: picked clean.
text: Dodge leans over for a look at the laptop imagery.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at that sarcophagus. That's my
dialog: old trust fund. With interest.
text: Lara feels the seaplane start to drift and tilt.
speaker_heading: LARA
text: Watch the drool. Eyes on the sky.
text: Lara isolates a section of hieroglyphics and instructs the computer
dialog: to
text: "translate." As the new text begins to scroll:
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: We're looking for a city the Incas
dialog: called "Bed of Gold." That's where
dialog: we'll find the Veil shrine.
text: Dodge shoots Lara an astonished look.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Not bed, cradle. Choquaquirao. Means
dialog: "cradle of gold." 50 miles from
dialog: Machu Picchu. No more than 20 people
dialog: have ever made it up there.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Wanna make it 22?
dialog: Off Dodge's consenting smile, we;
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. APURIMAC RIVER, PERU - DAWN
text: As the sun rises above the semi-tropical flatlands, Dodge's
dialog: seaplane
text: appears over the trees, banking over the Apurimac gorge. The
dialog: aircraft
text: glides down into the narrow chasm, skipping along the fast-moving
text: waters before docking at the lone beachhead on one of the river
dialog: banks.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - CONTINUOUS
text: Dodge looks at Lara, who is taking a peaceful catnap in the
dialog: passenger
text: seat. Cutting the engine, Dodge stares at her for a moment, finally
text: glimpsing the young girl beneath the tough exterior. Lara senses
dialog: him
text: staring and blinks awake.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (groggy smile)
dialog: I was just dreaming that we found
dialog: what we're looking for.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: From your lips to God's ears.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEVADO PANTA - DAY
text: PAN from the majestic mountaintop of Nevado Panta, obscured in
dialog: mist,
text: down a near 90@ sheer face encumbered by thousands of jagged crags.
text: STOP on Dodge's slack-jawed face.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: I guess this is a bad time to
dialog: mention my fear of heights.
text: Dodge turns at the sound of TINK-TINK-TINK: it's Lara pounding a
dialog: piton
text: into the mountain face.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: The real problem's going to be this
text: metamorphic rock.
text: She tests the piton, which loosens as the rock crumples.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: You don't understand. I can't do
dialog: this, Lara.
text: Lara removes some ROPE & CARABINERS from her backpack.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Of course you can. I used to be
dialog: terrified of elevators. My father's
dialog: trick was keeping my mind off the
dialog: moment.
text: Dodge pulls a half-empty BOTTLE OF SCOTH from his duffel.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Your father was a smart man.
text: As Dodge takes a swig, Lara fires a spread pin high up onto the
text: mountain face.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: We'll talk about anything. Except
dialog: what we're doing. Just look up and
dialog: stay positive.
text: Lara fastens the rope from above to her belt winch.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll take lead and secure your guide
dialog: line. All you have to do is hold on.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: I thought we weren't gonna talk
dialog: about this?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: FURTHER UP THE MOUNTAIN
text: Dodge careens into the frame, the gusting winds swinging him at the
text: end of his rope like a pendulum.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
text: AHHHHHHHHHHH!! !
text: The winds die down for a moment, allowing Dodge to regain a grip on
text: the rock face. Lara calls down to him:
speaker_heading: LARA (0.S.)
dialog: Favorite movie!?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Anything with Buster Keaton!
text: Up above him, Lara is in her element. Eagle eyes unblinking as she
text: carefully searches each crag for the perfect grab or toe hold.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Want to know mine!?
text: The wind pushes Dodge drifting again.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Not really!
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: "Vertigo!"
text: Lara lowers down to Dodge's side.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Only teasing.
text: This offers no comfort to Dodge, who looks seasick. Lara fastens
dialog: his
text: carabiner to a new guide line.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Relax. I can almost see the top.
text: The winds bump their bodies together, causing friction.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Do you know what the worst part is?
dialog: How much you're enjoying this.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I've tried it scared. Not as much
dialog: fun.
text: As Lara ascends, Dodge is buffeted again by the winds, this time
text: spinning him around several times.
text: INSERT SHOT: Dodge's anchor pin starts to pull from the stone.
text: Lara traverses a difficult outcropping by moving hand-over-hand
dialog: until
text: she finds purchase for her foot. Just as she reaches the edge of a
text: large, overgrown plateau with RUINS...
text: INSERT SHOT: Dodge's anchor pin pulls from the stone.
text: Dodge yells as he FREE FALLS down the mountain face!
text: Lara sees what's coming and tries to brace herself -- PRIIIING!
text: Dodge's guide line goes taut and starts to pull Lara down with him.
text: Sliding back over the edge, Lara somehow manages to brace herself -
text: legs spread wide -- catching a rock with each foot.
text: Dodge jerks to a stop! His guide line belt SNAPPING A BUCKLE and
text: busting open...leaving Dodge dangling by his hands! He now makes
dialog: the
text: mistake of looking down at the dizzying height.
speaker_heading: LARA (0.S.) (CONT'D)
text: HANG ON, DODGE!
text: Lara frantically re-secures Dodge's guide line around an upper
dialog: rock.
text: Once done, Lara flips her carabiner onto Dodge's guide wire and
dialog: begins
text: rappelling down the mountain face.
text: Covering 20 yards between each touch, Lara almost appears to be
text: flying. Glancing down, she sees Dodge swinging wildly in the wind.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Here I come!
text: Timing her last rappel perfectly, Lara propels herself laterally as
text: well...swinging at Dodge just as his own swing reaches its climax.
text: Like an acrobat, Lara scoops up Dodge in one arm -- he releases the
text: belt and grabs onto her tightly.
text: Together they swing, spinning in the wind like dancers on a
dialog: cloud...
text: across the mountain face until Lara catches a crag with her feet
dialog: and
text: brings their thrill ride to an end.
text: Their resulting embrace couldn't be any more intimate. Their faces
dialog: no
text: closer together. This shared near-death moment has left both of
dialog: them
text: breathless with a nearly post-coital bliss.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: So was that good for you?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Not good enough to try it again.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (smirks)
text: Maybe on the way back down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. APURIMAC RIVER - DAY
text: Malvern's BLACK HUEY HELICOPTER sets down next to Dodge's seaplane
dialog: on
text: the beachhead. Malvern is the first one out this time, an
dialog: increasing
text: desperation noticeable in his actions.
text: Malvern rummages around inside the plane cabin but finds nothing of
text: interest. Using the binoculars around his neck, Malvern starts
text: scanning the mountainous countryside...
scene_heading: POV - MALVERN (THROUGH BINOCULARS)
text: We PAN past a ROPE dangling down the Nevado Panta. WHIP PAN back...
dialog: then up, up, up.
text: Just in time to see Lara and Dodge, barely visible through the
dialog: mist,
text: cresting the plateau ridge onto Choquequirao.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Malvern lowers the binoculars and strides back to the Huey.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: (points)
text: All the way to the top.
text: Larsen's gaze follows Malvern's finger all the way up to the
dialog: mountain
text: in the mist.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: Holy shit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHOQUEQUIRAO - AFTERNOON
text: At 6,000 feet the view from this majestic promontory is
text: breathtaking.
text: Lara stands at the very edge of the plateau staring down the cliff,
text: awash in distant memories.
speaker_heading: DODGE (0.S.)
dialog: So where's this famous shrine?
text: Slowly, Lara turns to find Dodge rooting around some overgrown
speaker_heading: RUINS
text: nestled just below the highest Nevado Panta peak.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: "Cause this sure as hell ain't it.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: If I understand the computer
dialog: translation correctly, it's directly
dialog: beneath us. We're supposed to use
dialog: the "Stairway from the Stars."
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: You can't mean those.
text: Dodge points to a 15 foot high flight of GIANT, CRUMBLING STAIRS...
dialog: which lead to nothing.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's below us but the stairs go up?
dialog: Must be some Incan practical joke.
text: With a clarity of vision, Lara walks towards the stairs.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: It's not a joke. It's a secret. You
dialog: don't see the combination to Fort
dialog: Knox posted on the net, do you?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: I'm sorry, but I thought you had all
dialog: this figured out. I thought that's
dialog: why I just went ten rounds with
dialog: death back there.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (echoes his line)
dialog: I prefer to improvise.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Cute. Real cute.
text: Lara drops to her knees, inspects the area where the stone stairs
dialog: meet
text: the floor slab. Dodge joins her, still skeptical.
speaker_heading: LARA
text: This stairwell appears to move, so
dialog: all we need to find is the trigger.
text: Dodge looks around at the vast ruins.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Sure. No problem.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (ignores him)
dialog: What is the preeminent symbol in
dialog: Incan culture?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: That would be the sun.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Very good, Nathaniel. And can you
dialog: tell me what the most important date
dialog: on the Incan calendar is?
text: Dodge rolls his eyes but answers:
speaker_heading: DODGE
text: Inti Rami, the summer solstice.
dialog: Unfortunately, that's eight months
dialog: from now.
text: Lara keeps circling the stairs, her passion and concentration
dialog: growing
text: with each step, as her mind hones in on the solution.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: The translation said: "On Inti Rami,
dialog: the last rays of the sun will walk a
text: stairway from the stars.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll wager you my 50% in gold that
text: the trigger appears at sunset.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: That gives us less than an hour to
dialog: figure out how to replicate the Rami
dialog: sun.
text: Lara removes her MIRROR SHADES from her backpack.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Easy. All I need are your shades.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CU - A GLINT OF SUN
text: Which is captured in one of Lara's mirrored lenses.
speaker_heading: LARA (0.S.)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: According to my calculations...
scene_heading: EXT. CHOQUEQUIRAO - DUSK
text: FIND Lara seated atop a section of ruins with her LAPTOP in hand,
text: working on an sophisticated ASTRONOMICAL PROGRAM.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: ..we need to compensate for a
dialog: declination of the sun by
dialog: approximately 13%.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: I was thinking the exact same thing.
text: Dodge plays with the handful of FOUR MIRRORED LENSES removed from
text: their shades, watching them sparkle in the sun.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: That means the first one needs to be
dialog: about three more feet to your right.
text: Dodge plants the first "mirror" in a crevasse facing the sun:
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: So I'm curious, Lara, why're you
dialog: doing this? What're you looking for?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I told you. I promised Darby I'd see
dialog: this through.
dialog: (beat; re: mirrors)
dialog: The second one gets reversed about
text: ten feet that way.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: It's an honorable reason. But it's
dialog: also bullshit.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: This isn't about some map. Or a
dialog: friend. Or even the Black Veil. This
dialog: is your life. I can see it in your
dialog: eyes, everything I used to be.
dialog: You're a professional -- beyond a
dialog: professional. You're prepared for
dialog: everything --
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: -- you can never be prepared for
dialog: everything.
dialog: (beat; re: mirrors)
text: Third one goes atop that fountain.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: So why do you do it? I get the sense
dialog: you don't need the money. Hell, I
dialog: get the sense you don't need
dialog: anything. Or anyone. Well, besides
dialog: this Karak guy.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I needed you, didn't I?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Yeah, but it really killed you to
dialog: say so, didn't it?
text: Lara can't meet his gaze, so she returns to her laptop.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Okay, we don't have much time left.
dialog: The fourth mirror goes --
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: -- Forget all this crap for a
dialog: minute!
text: Dodge moves closer to Lara, determined to crack her shell.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I agreed to get you up here,
dialog: and I've done that. If I quit now,
dialog: I've already earned my 50%. If I go
dialog: underground with you looking for the
dialog: Black Veil, how does that change our
dialog: deal?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: If it's about the money, Dodge, you
dialog: can have the entire lot. 100%.
text: Dodge crouches in front of her. Eyes fixed on hers.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: I'm not talking about money, Lara. I
dialog: want to know what happens with us?
text: For the first time Lara's trademark poise is gone. A beat.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I guess this is one of those
dialog: situations I'm not prepared for.
text: Finally, Dodge rises with a resigned sigh.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: You know what...? Neither am I.
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: So what about this fourth mirror?
text: Relieved to be back to business, Lara doesn't miss a beat.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Reverse it, and ten feet to the
dialog: left.
text: As Dodge places the final mirror:
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: How do we know it's working anyway?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: We'll know. In less than a minute.
text: Lara and Dodge watch the sun slowly sinking beneath the horizon. As
text: the last rays of sunshine glint off the first lens it bounces the
text: light back to the second lens...then reflects it back to the third
dialog: lens...and finally the fourth.
scene_heading: AT THE STAIRS
text: The beam of sunlight appears to "walk" down the stairs as the sun
dialog: sets
text: deeper into the horizon. When it reaches the bottom step...nothing
dialog: happens.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Obviously I'm missing something.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Obviously.
text: Lara has circled around the back of the steps where she points out
text: that the beam of sunlight has pierced a SMALL IMPERFECTION in one
dialog: of
text: the stair's stone seams...sending a thin beam of light all the way
text: across the ruins to an ORNAMENTU STONE protruding from the partial
text: remains of a TEMPLE. And then the beam disappears. The sun has set.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (inspects imperfection)
dialog: That crack? That's the big secret?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Haven't you ever noticed there are
dialog: no imperfections in Incan masonry?
text: Lara starts jogging over to the collapsed temple, while Dodge stays
dialog: at
text: the stairs, taking a seat.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: That crack is there by design.
text: Lara reaches the ornamental stone, and as Dodge watches from the
text: stairs, Lara gives the stone a once-over, then pushes it with both
dialog: hands...
text: THE STAIRS RUMBLE TO LIFE BENEATH DODGE! He jumps from his perch
dialog: as:
text: a PASSAGE opens at the base of the stairs and the entire stairwell
text: corkscrews down into the ground.
text: Dodge looks incredulously across the ruins at Lara.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Lucky you didn't take my wager.
scene_heading: INT. CHOQUEQUIRAO - FOYER - NIGHT
text: They descend the Stairway from the Stars, which empties into a
text: beautiful, dome-shaped FOYER encircled with 12 GOLD PLAQUES
dialog: representing the gods associated with each month of the year. Not a
text: trap in sight.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Amazing.
text: Leading the way with a FLASHLIGHT, Dodge excitedly steps down into
dialog: the
text: foyer, but Lara grabs him firmly by the arm:
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Not so fast.
text: Where Dodge's next step would have been, Lara fires her gun at an
text: invisible PRESSURE PAD to trigger a maniacal flurry of action:
speaker_heading: BLADES
text: shoot from each gold plaque, criss-crossing the room and
dialog: disappearing
text: back into a different plaque.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Thank God I didn't find this place
dialog: ten years ago. I wpuld've been
text: filletted right out of the gate.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (serious)
dialog: And you still might. Somewhere down
dialog: here is the Inca's most sacred and
dialog: well-guarded shrine. You want to
dialog: come with me, I've got to know you
dialog: aren't going to get us killed.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (interrupts; insulted)
dialog: -- Hey, I'm not that rusty. You just
dialog: worry about yourself.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Works for me.
text: Lara moves past Dodge, wielding her own FLASHLIGHT as she leads
dialog: them
text: both across the foyer to a long, dark and narrow STONE PASSAGEWAY
dialog: with
text: a DOORWAY at the other end.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: See these floor tiles? A favorite
dialog: Incan trick.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Floor collapses. I've seen that.
text: Lara fires bullets at several floor tiles. Nothing happens.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: No, the Incans were smarter than
text: that. The first set of traps is a
dialog: misdirect. Designed to make you
dialog: think every trap can be pre-
dialog: sprung.
dialog: (hands Dodge flashlight)
dialog: Hold this. Keep it ahead of me.
scene_heading: INT. CHOQUEQUIRAO - CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Lara walks slowly out onto floor tiles, eyes scanning the dark but
text: harmless-seeming periphery.
speaker_heading: LARA
text: The unsuspecting tomb raider walks
text: confidently onto the tiles never
dialog: even seeing what hit him...
text: She gestures for Dodge to shine the flashlight at the ceiling:
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: ...because he forgot to look up --
text: --SLUURSH! A MASSIVE BLADE drops down like a guillotine from the
text: ceiling...forcing Lara to somersault forward, nearly cleaved. But
dialog: the
dialog: hits just keep coming --
text: -- SWUUUSH! SWUUUSH! TWO CIRCULAR BLADES scissor simultaneously
dialog: from
text: the walls nearly beheading Lara, who dives to the ground and rolls
dialog: to
dialog: safety just as --
text: -- CRUNCH! CRUNCH! CRUNCH! BOULDERS drop like deadly hailstones all
text: around Lara, collapsing the floor tiles and revealing SPIKE BEDS
text: beneath them. Lara sprints across the rapidly checkerboarding floor
dialog: to
text: the DOOR at the end of the room...but the door is only a painting!
dialog: Lara reacts as --
text: -- THWIT-THWIT-THWIT-THWIT! DARTS shoot from the faux door,
dialog: prompting
text: Lara to instinctively SIDE-FLIP to safety...but only for a moment
dialog: because --
text: -- CRAAAACK! THE FLOOR TILES give way beneath her, just as Lara
dialog: spots
text: an ELEVATED PASSAGEWAY. She leaps for and barely catches the lip of
text: the passage. While Lara hangs there:
text: Dodge watches in awe as: THE ENTIRE ROOM RESTORES ITSELF in five
text: incredible seconds! Floor tiles hinge back into place, blades
text: disappear back into walls, etc. Not even any boulders.
text: With a tremendous show of strength, Lara now pulls herself up into
dialog: a
text: HANCSTAND on the lip, then gracefully executes a WALKOVER into the
text: passageway. Breathing hard, but utterly composed, she turns back
dialog: and
text: gestures to Dodge.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Your turn.
scene_heading: INT. CHOQUEQUIRAO - ELEVATED PASSAGEWAY - NIGHT
text: Lara walks slowly through the flat passage, FLASHLIGHT in hand.
dialog: Behind
text: her we can hear Dodge's EXCLAMATIONS as he makes his way though the
text: last set of traps. Finally, Dodge catches up with Lara, picking a
speaker_heading: DART
text: from his shoulder.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Okay, so maybe I am a little rusty.
text: Where Dodge is masking his nerves with glibness, Lara's focus only
text: grows more intense as she moves closer to her prize.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: You're still alive. That's all that
dialog: matters --
dialog: (gestures)
dialog: -- Stop! Don't move.
text: Lara can just barely make out the end of the elevated passageway
text: before them: A SMALL PIT.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: What is it now?
speaker_heading: LARA
text: That pit ahead. Not a good sign.
text: She turns back, flashlight illuminating the entrance through which
text: they entered; they are at about the midway point of the passageway.
text: Removing a BULLET from her gun, Lara drops the ammo on the floor...
text: where it starts rolling towards the pit. Rolling and rolling,
text: indicating an incline which is not at all evident inside the
text: passageway.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: How's that possible?
text: WE HEAR the bullet still rolling away in the dark.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: The walls. They're an optical
dialog: illusion. Makes us feel like we're
dialog: on level ground so we don't expect
text: the massive boulder that's going to
dialog: crush us.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (suddenly worried)
dialog: And what exactly triggers that?
text: Before Lara can answer the bullet stops rolling, sounding off with
dialog: an
dialog: ominous PING!
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Oh dear.
text: THE PASSAGEWAY RUMBLES as a MASSIVE BOULDER drops down from the
text: ceiling about 20 yards behind them. As Lara and Dodge sprint
dialog: towards
dialog: the pit --
text: -- TWO HANGING BLADES PENDULUM DOWN IN THEIR PATH swinging out of
dialog: sync
text: and making passage through them impossible. While Dodge looks back
dialog: in
text: mounting fear at the oncoming boulder, Lara studies the swinging
dialog: blades.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: You take the near, I'll take the
dialog: far!
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: What!?
text: Lara LEAPS at the far blade...grabbing hold of the WOODEN STEM from
text: which it pendulums! Clinging safely above the blade she climbs as
text: close to the ceiling as humanly possible.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Better get the rust out, Dodge!
text: Dodge takes one quick look back at the onrolling boulder (which
dialog: fills
text: about 3/4 of the passageway) before he leaps! Clinging onto the
dialog: near
dialog: blade's wooden stem just like Lara --
text: -- SAAAAAAAAAAASH!!! The boulder plows through both blades,
dialog: snapping
text: them off at the wooden stems inches below Lara and Dodge's feet.
dialog: They
text: both drop safely down to the passageway as the boulder continues
text: rolling into the pit.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Having fun yet?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (surprises himself)
dialog: Yeah. As a matter of fact I am.
scene_heading: INT. CHOQUEQUIRAO - WATER TEMPLE - NIGHT
text: They climb from the pit up to ledge overlooking a rectangular
dialog: temple
text: filled with water. The only visible way across the temple -- to the
text: GOLDEN DOORWAY on the other side -- is via 10 VERTICAL PILLARS
dialog: spaced
text: dauntingly apart. Lara's FLASHLIGHT reveals the WATER IS ROILING
dialog: with
text: unseen menace.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Looks inviting.
text: Lara cracks a FLARE open and drops it into the water --
text: -- A GIANT BARRACUDA surfaces to swallow the flare whole!
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Barracuda.
speaker_heading: LARA
text: Very hungry barracuda.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No margin for error here.
text: Lara takes a few steps back, runs and LEAPS to the first pillar,
text: pulling herself up on top...
text: A TALL FLAME ignites from the top center of the pillar! (The other
text: pillars ignite as well creating an eerie, deadly spectacle.)
text: Instinctively, Lara BACKFLIPS...executing a HALF TWIST in midair as
text: she lunges back for the ledge --
text: -- Dodge grabs Lara by the arm as she comes up short! Dangling over
text: the edge by one hand -- feet skimming the water -- Lara notices two
dialog: problems immediately: 1) Her shorts are ON FIRE!, and; 2) A
speaker_heading: BARRACUDA
text: jumps from the water for one of her legs, which she daintily bends
dialog: at
text: the knee to avoid dismemberment.
text: Lara quickly scales the wall with Dodge's help, who gallantly pats
dialog: out
text: the flames on her shorts.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Lucky for me you were here.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Just trving to earn my 50%.
text: Lara and Dodge both turn and survey the situation.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hard to improvise the impossible.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Nothing's impossible. Theoretically.
text: Dodge watches Lara pace back and forth on the ledge, her mind
text: attacking the problem at hand.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: If I wasn't out of winch cable we
dialog: could easily traverse this room.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Maybe if we can figure a way to put
dialog: the fires out...
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Yes, but those jumps can only be
text: made with a running start. After the
dialog: first pillar you're stuck --
text: -- Lara snaps her fingers with an idea.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Got it!
text: She shines her flashlight on the base of the first pillar.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: See the erosion at the water line?
dialog: Same thing on all the pillars.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (follows her)
dialog: You can't be thinking...
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: -- It's the only way. But it'll
dialog: require our combined body weight.
text: Lara offers Dodge her hand.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: You still with me, Dodge?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: For better or worse.
text: Dodge takes her hand in hers. Together they step to the back of the
text: ledge. Exchange a last glance at one another...then run and TANDEM
dialog: JUMP for the first pillar!
text: They both hit and grab onto the edge of the pillar simultaneouslv.
text: Their weight has caused the pillar to sway back and forth...back
dialog: and
dialog: forth...until --
text: CRAAAAAAACK! The pillar breaks at the base...sending the pillar
text: falling forward as Lara and Dodge scramble to stay astride it --
text: -- CRAAAAAACK! The first pillar strikes the second pillar, breaking
dialog: it
text: at the base...sending it falling forward into the third pillar. And
dialog: so
text: on, and so on. Like dominoes all the way to the golden doorway -- a
text: path of pillars has been laid out for them across the dangerous
text: waters, with all the flames extinguished.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: You know, I think we make a pretty
dialog: decent team.
scene_heading: INT. SUBTERRANEAN CAVERN - CONTINUOUS
text: Entering through the golden archway, Lara and Dodge discover a
text: stunning SHRINE built in the middle of a massive subterranean
dialog: cavern,
text: partially collapsed from years of earthquakes.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: I don't know about you, but my heart
dialog: is pounding -- I feel like a kid
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I know exactly how you feel.
text: Lara starts CRACKING FLARES, tossing them around the cavern where
text: ROCKS and DEBRIS litter the periphery.
speaker_heading: INSIDE SHRINE
text: As they both climb the steps leading up to the center of the
dialog: shrine,
text: Lara notices one of the outer shrine columns is literally BENT
dialog: under
text: the weight of collapsed ceiling.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Only one stone bends like this...
text: Dodge is thinking exactly the same thing as he polishes the grimy
text: column with his shirt sleeve.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Gold.
text: With her flashlight, Lara points out how their boots have left
dialog: subtle
text: IMPRESSIONS in the shrine floor. Dropping down to his knees, Dodge
text: furiously scrubs away the dirt.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's all gold...
dialog: (looks around shrine)
text: The floors. The walls. The ceilings.
text: He stands, awe-struck by his incomparable surroundings.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe it's not El Dorado but this...
dialog: this is what I always imagined
dialog: finding. Something beyond
dialog: description...beyond belief.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I have a feeling it gets better...
text: Lara moves into the center of the shrine to a GOLDEN STATUE OF INTI
text: (the sun god) holding a crude-cut obsidian BOWL atop an ornate
text: pedestal. (This is the same object depicted in Manco's burial
dialog: chamber.)
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
text: Here it is. The Black Veil.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Not much to look at. What does it
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Every culture has legends about a
dialog: magical device which turns ordinary
dialog: metals into gold -- The Crow's Head,
dialog: The Philosopher's Stone. But the
dialog: stories are usually cautionary tales
dialog: about the evils of greed.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Time to throw caution to the wind.
text: With sparkling eyes, Dodge gratifies his long-dormant Prospector's
text: fever. He pulls off a cheap SILVER RING and drops it into the Black
dialog: Veil.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Legends say to make it work, you
text: must clasp the bowl with both hands
dialog: and visualize the desired
dialog: transformation -- the Veil's magic
text: is powered by the soul of the user.
text: Dodge clasps the bowl as instructed, staring down intently at the
text: silver ring. When nothing happens after 20 seconds, Dodge
text: embarrassedly hands the bowl to Lara.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: You try it. I still owe the IRS back
dialog: taxes so technically my soul's in
dialog: hock.
text: Clasping the bowl, Lara stares at the ring and the magic begins
text: instantly: the ring melts to liquid...boiling furiously as a
dialog: mystical
text: BLACK SMOKE froths over the cup, veiling the transmutation-process.
text: REACTION SHOTS: Both Lara and Dodge watch on in wonder as...
text: The smoke magically dissipates and LIQUID GOLD remains where there
text: once was silver! As Dodge pours it out:
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't believe my friggin' eyes.
text: A jubilant grin consuming his face, Dodge raises his fists in
dialog: triumph
text: and shouts to the heavens:
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
text: YEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!
text: Ecstatic, Dodge grabs a surprised Lara in a bear hug, spinning her
text: around like they just won the lottery.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: We're rich, Lara! We're filthy rich!
text: As Dodge's euphoria dies down they stop spinning. Now Dodge and
dialog: Lara
text: find their faces mere inches apart. A beat.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: I forgot. You're already rich.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: It's all yours, Dodge. Truly. You
dialog: deserve this.
text: Lara's statement inexplicably chills Dodge, who pulls back.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: That's sweet. But let's get out of
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (bemused)
dialog: I don't understand. What's the rush?
speaker_heading: MALVERN (0.S.)
dialog: My sentiments exactly...
text: REVEAL - MALVERN and his men (Larsen plus four) surrounding the
dialog: shrine
text: from all sides. When Lara rapidly draws her pistols the Aussies all
text: pump their 12 gauges. A standoff.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: We've got so much catching up to do.
text: Malvern moves up the steps towards Lara, fully intrigued by this
dialog: unconventional woman of beauty, brains and balls.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: First of all, Ms. Croft, much thanks
dialog: for working out those nasty traps.
dialog: We couldn't have made it without
dialog: you.
dialog: (beat; cheap shot)
dialog: Can't say the same thing about
dialog: Daddy.
text: Lara's eyes narrow with spite at the mention of her father. Dodge
text: picks up on Lara's emotions but doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: Some people, like me, earn their
text: fortunes with sweat and blood. Ms.
dialog: Croft here took a little shortcut.
dialog: Left her Daddy to die in the
dialog: Himalayas. Inherited forty million
dialog: dollars at the age of 16. Gives most
dialog: of it away to charity these days to
dialog: appease her guilty conscience --
text: -- Lara snaps! She runs for Malvern...but Larsen brutally
text: CLOTHESLINES her with his shotgun! Catching Lara under the chin and
text: sending her legs out from under her.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Must've hit a hot spot.
text: Dodge kneels beside Lara to help her up.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Alright Malvern. You've had your
text: laughs. Now leave her alone.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: I've got much bigger scores to
dialog: settle than some British bimbo who
dialog: thinks she's bloody James Bond.
dialog: (beat; to Larsen)
text: Get the Veil. As Larsen grabs the
text: Veil from the statue, Lara gets back
text: on her feet with Dodge's help.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Flooding the world's gold market
dialog: isn't going to solve anything.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Just like a lousy Brit to think so
dialog: small.
text: Larsen delivers the Black Veil to Malvern.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn't hire Erikson to find me
dialog: gold. That's the least of my
dialog: interests.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: You got what you want, Malvern. Why
dialog: don't you get out of here.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: No. I think I'd rather watch you
dialog: kill the little bitch first.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Bullshit. That wasn't part of the
dialog: deal.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: You sold me out. You led them here.
text: Dodge, feeling the pressure now, tries to explain to Lara.
dialog: Unexpectedly,
dialog: drops
text: to one knee.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: They were going to kill you back in
dialog: the village if you didn't tell them
dialog: what you found in Manco's tomb. I
dialog: knew you wouldn't talk...
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: ..unless I thought I could trust
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: I just didn't want to see you get
dialog: hurt.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: And I thought chivalry was dead.
text: Lara ROUNDHOUSE PUNCHES Dodge with such force he
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: (mocks Dodge)
dialog: Oooh, that's gotta hurt.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: You want me dead, Malvern? Do it
dialog: yourself.
text: Malvern smiles at the challenge, considering the notion.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: No! I'll do it...
dialog: (rises; wipes blood from
dialog: his lip)
dialog: Only if you let me live.
text: Lara stares at him incredulously. Malvern crosses his arms.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Impress me. Do it with your hands.
text: Dodge nods to Malvern, then turns to face Lara. She glares at him
text: defiantly as he steps right up to her. Hands at his side, Dodge
dialog: mouths
text: a single word to Lara: "Run." As Lara's surprised eyes acknowledge
dialog: the
dialog: improvised plan...
text: Dodge draws his BOWIE KNIFE from the sheath on his belt and in one
text: fluid motion, does a half turn and FLINGS THE BLADE right at
dialog: Malvern's
text: heart! But Malvern's reflexes are fast enough to flinch, impaling
dialog: the
text: blade in his shoulder instead!
text: BA-BOOOM! Larsen plugs Dodge with a shotgun blast. But Lara is
dialog: already
dialog: on the flee --
text: -- BA-BOOOM! BA-BOOOM! BA-BOOOM! The Aussies unload their 12 gauges
text: into the shadowy periphery as Lara dodges back and forth between
dialog: the
text: rocks and debris...only intermittently illuminated by the shotgun
text: blasts. And then she's gone.
text: Malvern grimaces as he extracts the blade from his shoulder. Teeth
text: grit, he moves over to Dodge, who lays on the ground holding his
text: bloody gut.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT' D)
dialog: I believe this is yours.
text: Malvern returns the favor and FLINGS the bowie knife into Dodge's
text: shoulder. While Dodge writhes in pain, Malvern stalks down the
dialog: shrine
text: steps, greeted by Larsen.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: The girl's hiding somewhere. Should
dialog: we keep looking?
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Don't bother. Bury them both.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: CU - A GRENADE LAUNCHER ejects a series of grenades. We are:
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE SHRINE
text: Larsen is wielding the big gun. Grinning large as he watches the
text: MULTIPLE BLASTS destabilize the entire underground cavern, setting
dialog: off
text: the first of many subterranean EARTHQUAKES.
text: Impressed with the destruction he's wrought, Larsen hurries to join
text: Malvern and the other Aussies waiting at the golden archway...which
text: Larsen blows shut with a final grenade!
text: FIND Lara emerging from behind a rock. Venturing out when the
dialog: tremor
text: stops, moving amidst the crumbling cavern...jogging at first and
dialog: then
text: running when she sees Dodge inside the shrine, pulling the bowie
dialog: knife
text: from his shoulder.
speaker_heading: INSIDE SHRINE
text: Lara drops to her knees beside Dodge, who is battling death. She
text: inspects his abdominal wound with deep concern.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: We've got to get you out of here.
text: Back on her feet, Lara doesn't listen to Dodge's speech; her
dialog: focused
text: eyes scan the periphery searching for escape.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Don't worry about me. Just get
dialog: yourself out of here.
text: At the edge of the shrine Lara spots a glimmer of hope...
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: The BENT GOLD COLUMN she saw earlier now slopes up to a NEW FISSURE
dialog: in
text: the ceiling. It's a tight squeeze but STARS can be seen above. A
dialog: way
dialog: out.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Lara rushes back to Dodge and starts to drag him.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Forget it, Lara. I got what I
dialog: deserve.
text: The emotions of watching someone die in her arms is too much for
dialog: Lara
text: as her long-suppressed emotions rise to the surface.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: You can still make it, Dodge! Don't
dialog: you dare give up on me now!
text: Lara keeps dragging Dodge, just as she dragged her father, out of
dialog: the
text: shrine. She's reverting back to that defining moment in her life,
dialog: trying to convince herself:
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's gonna be fine...gonna be fine.
text: ANOTHER TREMOR ROCKS THE CAVERN! Tearing the shrine in half and
text: forming a LARGE FISSURE between Lara, Dodge and the escape column.
text: Dodge grabs onto Lara's arm for emphasis:
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Listen to me, Lara. I can think of
dialog: worse places to die. I mean, the
dialog: last thing I'll see is all this
dialog: gold.
text: Sensing his end, Lara's desperate denial begins to crumble like the
text: walls around her. She kneels beside him again.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Don't leave me, Dodge. Please.
text: Lara's eyes are welling with tears. Dodge reaches a hand up to her
text: face, tries to wipes away thirteen years of pain.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: You can beat every trap there is,
dialog: Lara. But sometimes you can't beat
dialog: death. No matter how good you are.
text: They kiss. Like they wanted to the first time they met. A
dialog: passionate
text: confession, a cruel hint at what could have been. A tender goodbye
text: that leaves Lara's lip quivering.
speaker_heading: DODGE (CONT'D)
dialog: See it through, Lara. For Darby...
dialog: and for me.
text: Lara nods her acceptance of the challenge. Brusquely rubbing out
dialog: her
text: tears, Lara summons her inner strength and walks to the edge of the
text: fissure.
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: She is staring at a jump much like the one she had to make near the
text: monastery, only further. And this time the lower ground on the
dialog: other
text: side is much less forgiving than snow.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Lara looks back at Dodge, some doubt still clouding her face as the
text: walls continue to crumble all around them.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I don't think I can do this, Dodge!
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Sure you can.
dialog: (beat; the drill)
dialog: Favorite movie.
text: Lara manages a slight smile despite her anguish.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Anything with Buster Keaton.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Good answer.
text: Dodge watches as Lara moves away from the fissure's edge, measuring
text: her steps back to him. Exhaling slowly, Lara gathers herself. Hands
text: fall to her side; a gymnast before her routine. The cavern begins
dialog: to
text: SHAKE & RUMBLE with induced seismic activity. But Lara stays
dialog: focused.
text: And with quick, precision steps...she sprints for the edge and
dialog: leaps...
text: ...soaring over the chasm...landing on the other side and executing
dialog: a
text: perfect TUCK & ROLL. A relieved smile alights her face as she spins
dialog: back for Dodge's approval...
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: The entire SHRINE has collapsed. Dodge is gone.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Lara stares down into the LAVA FILLED abyss for a second, recalling
text: that moment in the Himalayas...but there's no time for regret as
text: another VIOLENT TREMOR strikes...
text: Lara runs for the BENT GOLD COLUMN and, as the walls literally fall
text: around her, she scrambles up the column to her escape.
scene_heading: EXT. CHOQUEQUIRAO - NIGHT
text: Lara barely squeezes up through the surface FISSURE just as
dialog: Malvern's
text: helicopter -- battling the fierce CROSSWINDS -- flees the ruins,
text: heading for the distant Pacific ocean.
text: Without hesitation Lara sprints for the edge of the plateau and
text: reclips a carabiner to the guide line she used earlier. Lara
text: disappears over the edge. And the chase is on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: CU - A MAP showing international shipping lanes. A straight course
dialog: from Peru to Australia has been highlighted. We are:
scene_heading: INT. DODGE'S SEAPLANE - NIGHT
text: Lara, now dressed in a scuba suit, has one eye on the sky, another
dialog: on
text: Dodge's shipping map. In the distance, Lara can just make out the
text: outlines of a shipping vessel all lit up on the ocean. Pulling on
dialog: her
scene_heading: CUSTOMIZED NIGHT GOGGLES:
speaker_heading: POV- LARA (THROUGH GOGGLES)
text: The night-vision filter gives the world a GREEN GLOW. The image
speaker_heading: ZOOMS
text: to the ship, where we see Malvern's WHALE LOGO and the words
dialog: "SEAPRO,
dialog: INC."
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - NIGHT
text: The seaplane circles around high in the air, then sets down on the
text: rolling waves a mile or so ahead of Malvern's ship. A beat, then
dialog: Lara
text: dives from the plane into the water.
text: WE HEAR the shipping vessel approaching in the distance,
dialog: accompanied
text: by oncoming lights. A HORN blares.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S SHIP - BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: An Aussie CAPTAIN points out to Larsen the seaplane directly in the
text: ship's path.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I can stop us or ram it, but it's
dialog: too late to turn at this speed.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: Better stop us.
text: Seconds after the Captain initiates a speed decrease, Larsen's
speaker_heading: WALKIE-
text: TALKIE squawks to life.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (0.S.)
dialog: (over walkie)
dialog: Why the hell're we stopping?
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: There's a friggin' seaplane in our
dialog: way. Looks like Dodge's.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (0.S.)
dialog: (over walkie)
text: Search the ship. No one gets below.
dialog: Or we're all dead.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - NIGHT
text: The hull of Malvern's ship cuts through the black waters. FIND Lara
text: watching as the ship passes slowly by...then she makes a daring
dialog: grab
text: onto the ship's ANCHOR CHAIN.
scene_heading: EXT. MALVERN'S SHIP - LOWER SURFACE DECK - NIGHT
text: Lara climbs aboard and creeps around the lower deck past Malvern's
text: HUEY HELICOPTER parked on the heliport. Lara is on full alert with
text: both guns drawn, but curiously there doesn't seem to be anyone
text: topside. So she finds a HATCH providing access to the levels below.
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S SHIP - A-LEVEL - NIGHT
text: Lara quietly searches the corridors for signs of life. Suddenly,
dialog: she
text: presses her back against the wall...
text: CLANK-CLANK-CLANK. The sounds of footsteps on the metal floor
dialog: heading
text: her way. Lara ducks into a side room...
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S SHIP - A-LEVEL - BUTCHER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lara looks around a room filled with a grisly variety of HOOKS,
speaker_heading: BLADES
text: AND CHOPPING EQUIPMENT used for Malvern's defunct whaling business.
text: Lara's nose wrinkles, both with disgust and the lingering smell.
dialog: Lara
text: watches an AUSSIE GUARD pass, then she exits quickly...
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S SHTP - A-LEVEL - NIGHT
text: The Aussie Guard doesn't see Lara creep up behind him.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Howdy mate.
text: The Aussie spins to see Lara's guns pointed at him.
speaker_heading: AUSSIE GUARD
dialog: No, no! Don't shoot!
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Fair enough.
text: Lara PISTOL-WHIPS the guard, who hits the deck, out cold. Lara
dialog: quickly
text: searches him...but finds that his holster is curiously empty.
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S SHIP - B-LEVEL - NIGHT
text: Descending a ladder, Lara finds herself deep in the bowels of the
text: ship. As she peers around a corner:
speaker_heading: POV - LARA
text: Two people in HAZ-MAT suits walk down the corridor. They enter a
dialog: room
text: via a temporary AIR LOCK constructed around a HEAVILY REINFORCED
speaker_heading: STEEL
speaker_heading: DOOR.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Lara hurries to the door. On the wall is a conspicuously new
dialog: emblem:
text: the universal symbol for radiation. Lara peers into the room
dialog: through
text: the small door PORTHOLE, but the glass is FROSTED; Lara can see
dialog: only
text: silhouettes and movement...
text: Until the dark shape of a haz-mat helmet looms into view! Lara
dialog: ducks
text: behind the heavy door as it opens...and it swings right into her;
dialog: Lara
text: lets out an involuntary GRUNT.
text: The HAZ-MAT AUSSIE spins around, alerted. Lara greets him with guns
text: drawn. The Aussie waves frantically:
speaker_heading: HAZ-MAT AUSSIE
dialog: (muffled by helmet)
dialog: No, no guns! Please!
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Well isn't this a switch.
text: Lara holsters her guns. The Haz-Mat Aussie visibly relaxes. Which
dialog: is
text: when Lara delivers a vicious KICK to the groin. After the Aussie
text: doubles over, Lara removes his helmet and drops him where he stands
text: with an UPPERCUT.
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S SHIP - B-LEVEL - NIGHT
text: Lara emerges from a room wearing the Aussie's haz-mat suit. She
dialog: heads
text: for the REINFORCED DOOR, entering like she belongs. But Lara isn't
text: prepared for the sight that greets her inside.
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S SHIP - B-LEVEL - SLAUGHTER ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room where the ship's catch was gutted, sliced and processed
dialog: has
text: been converted into a makeshift factory floor. Lara discreetly
text: stashes her GUNS behind a shipping crate.
text: On one side, two haz-mat-suited TECHS delicately load METAL
speaker_heading: CONTAINERS
text: with radiation symbols on them into heavily insulated SHIPPING
speaker_heading: CRATES.
text: Another tech logs the progress into COMPUTERS. Once the crates are
text: secure, they are rolled by dolly into a nearby COLD-STORAGE LOCKER.
text: Three more techs are queued up in front of a clear, two-foot thick
text: plexi-glass WINDOW. Behind this air-lock divider is Malvern! But
text: it's impossible for Lara to see exactly what he's up to. So she
dialog: moves
dialog: in for a closer view...
text: Lara joins the line, careful to avoid the looks of the other
text: technicians milling about the room. While she waits, Lara peeks
dialog: over a
text: tech's shoulder at his computer:
scene_heading: CU - COMPUTER SCREEN: Purchase orders, shipping manifests. Malvern
dialog: is
dialog: selling something to private buyers around the globe for millions
dialog: more
dialog: than the market price of a whale.
text: Finding herself next in line, Lara sees for the first time: Malvern
dialog: on
text: the other side of the plexiglass, his arms encased in protective
speaker_heading: WALL-
text: GLOVES, cupping with both hands the BLACK VEIL on Lara's side of
dialog: the
dialog: wall.
text: The tech in front of her places a piece of SCRAP IRON into the
dialog: Black
text: Veil, and as Malvern concentrates BLACK SMOKE billows from the
text: obsidian cup. As the smoke dissipates, Malvern pours a GRAY LIQUID
text: into the tech's CONTAINER.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (eyes wide; sotto)
dialog: Plutonium.
text: Lara finally arrives at the front of the line. Malvern looks pallid
text: and moist, the process clearly draining him. He waits for Lara to
dialog: drop
text: her scrap iron into the Veil...but she doesn't have any.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: What the hell're you doing?
text: Malvern finally recognizes Lara through her face plate. Lara
dialog: answers
text: by grabbing the Black Veil from Malvern's gloved hands. As Lara
text: hurries for the reinforced door, Malvern yanks his arms from the
text: gloves and hits and INTERCOM button.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: (over intercom)
dialog: Stop her! Get the Veil!
text: As the techs realize what's going on, Lara reaches the shipping
dialog: crates
text: where she stashed her guns. Suddenly, all activity ceases.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: (over intercom)
text: She won't shoot. One stray bullet
dialog: and we're all at ground zero.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Better us than the rest of the
dialog: world.
text: The conviction in Lara's voice gives pause to Malvern.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: (over intercom)
text: Everyone out. Now.
text: The room empties out quickly through the reinforced door. Larsen
dialog: joins
text: him behind the plexiglass in the view room.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: What's the point to all this,
dialog: Malvern? End of the world? That your
dialog: game?
text: As he speaks, Malvern hits some buttons on a CONTROL PANEL inside
dialog: the
text: view room -- we can't see exactly what he's doing.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: (over intercom)
dialog: The world's gonna end sooner than
dialog: later, Ms. Croft. Figure I'll go out
dialog: on top when it does. But we need you
dialog: to put down your gun now.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Dump all the plutonium overboard and
dialog: then we'll talk.
text: Larsen whispers something to Malvern, who smiles.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: (over intercom)
dialog: I've got a better idea. Let's talk
dialog: about one of the precautionary
dialog: measures we've taken here...
text: Lara looks around, instantly suspicious.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: (over intercom)
text: In a radiation-filled environment
dialog: you must be able to remove all the
text: air in two minutes.
text: Lara reacts as her haz-mat suit starts to CINCH to her body!
dialog: Malvern
dialog: has initiated the air removal process.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: Ever seen a fish out of water,
dialog: flapping around? It's not a pretty
dialog: sight. You can see the panic in
text: their eyes...until they start
text: popping out their sockets.
text: Larsen waves at Lara, sucking in his lips to resemble a fish.
text: Panicking, Lara points a gun at him and fires! But nothing happens.
text: Lara points both her guns at the plutonium -- CLICK. CLICK. CLICK.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: (over intercom)
dialog: Did I forget to mention that with no
dialog: oxygen your gun can't fire?
text: Larsen and Malvern share a cruel LAUGH inside the view room.
speaker_heading: MALVERN (CONT'D)
dialog: G'Day, Ms. Croft.
text: As Lara's face plate fogs up and her body stiffens, the guns slip
dialog: from
text: her hands. Staggering around the room, Lara stumbles inexplicably
dialog: into
text: the COLD-STORAGE LOCKER, which she closes behind her.
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S SHIP - B-LEVEL - VIEW ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lara is now out of sight from the view room. Larsen shoots Malvern
dialog: a
text: confused look.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: What's the hell's she doing now?
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: British pride. Doesn't want to give
dialog: us the pleasure of watching her die.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Let's, get this ship moving again.
dialog: We've got orders to fill.
text: The two men exit the view room.
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S SHIP - B-LEVEL - COLD STORAGE LOCKER - NIGHT
text: Lara leans against the back wall of the locker, which is filled
dialog: with
text: CRATES OF STORED, SHIELDED PLUTONIUM.
text: Her breathing extremely labored now, Lara slides down the wall into
dialog: a
text: sitting position. Her eyes show the understandable panic coursing
text: through her veins. But then her eyes focus on the Black Veil in her
text: hands, still filled with plutonium. With the last reserves of
dialog: strength
text: she has, Lara closes her eyes and concentrates. BLACK SMOKE starts
dialog: to
text: billow from the Veil, sucked into the AIR VENTS overhead.
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S SHIP - A-LEVEL - CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Heading back, Malvern and Larsen look at one another incredulously
dialog: as
text: KLAXONS begin to blare.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: A breach? That's impossible.
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Get up top. Take everyone with you.
dialog: The only way off this ship's up
dialog: there.
text: Larsen hurries up a ladder as Malvern reverses direction, heading
dialog: back
dialog: downstairs...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CU - A HOLE
text: in the corridor wall leading into the cold storage locker; the
dialog: edges
dialog: are frozen and brittle. We are:
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S SHIP - B-LEVEL - CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Malvern, now wearing a haz-mat suit, examines the HOLE with a
dialog: flashlight.
speaker_heading: LARA (0.S.)
dialog: Liquid nitrogen.
text: Dodge whirls around to find Lara armed with a SPEAR HOOK.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: The Veil works with any element.
text: Malvern turns to run, but Lara snags him on the thigh with the
dialog: spear
text: hook, then yanks him back -- he lands at her feet, his haz-mat suit
text: torn exposing bleeding flesh.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Now you know how those whales felt.
text: Lara twirls around the spear hook, switching to the wooden handle
dialog: end,
dialog: and SMASHES Malvern's face plate!
scene_heading: INT.MALVERN'S SHIP - B-LEVEL - VIEW ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lara enters the view room, removes her helmet and watches Malvern
text: regain consciousness.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (over intercom)
dialog: Here's an interesting fact: with the
dialog: amount of radiation presently
dialog: soaking into your body, the rest of
dialog: your journey to Australia will be a
dialog: painful one indeed.
text: Malvern sits up, slowly comprehending his predicament.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: First, you'll be overcome with
text: nausea. Next comes the blood from
dialog: every orifice -- very messy. Then
dialog: out falls the hair, which in your
dialog: case may be more of a blessing. And
dialog: finally, if you're still alive, you
dialog: go deaf, dumb and blind. Not
dialog: necessarily in that order.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: G'Day.
text: As Lara leaves, Malvern bangs furiously on the plexiglass. But then
dialog: he
text: remembers a way out and heads for COLD STORAGE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MALVERN'S SHIP - UPPER SURFACE - CARGO AREA - NIGHT
text: Stripped back to her scuba outfit, Lara hurries up a ladder and
dialog: finds
text: herself in the middle of an assortment of CRATES. Various labels
text: indicate that the crates contain weapons and ammunition. Lara opens
dialog: a
text: crate marked "DANGER: EXPLOSIVES!" Inside are a dozen SMALL
speaker_heading: METALLIC
text: BOXES marked "Plastique." Emptying one of the boxes, Lara places
dialog: the
text: BLACK VEIL inside.
scene_heading: EXT. MALVERN'S SHIP - UPPER SURFACE DECK - NIGHT
text: Larsen sits at one of the ship's TWO HARPOON GUNS. As he barks
dialog: orders
text: at the MERCENARIES on deck, his walkie speaks:
speaker_heading: AUSSIE GUARD (0O.S.)
dialog: (over walkie; whispers)
text: I see her. Upper deck, above the
text: chopper.
text: Larsen spins in the harpoon chair to see: Lara creeps along the
dialog: upper
text: deck towards Malvern's Huey. Larsen pivots the harpoon gun, licking
text: his lips in anticipation.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: (into walkie; whispers)
dialog: Everybody port side. Now.
text: FOLLOW LARA as she scampers along the shadowy deck, the METALLIC
speaker_heading: BOX
text: (with the Veil inside) tucked under her arm --
text: -- TCTCTCTCTCTCTCTC!!! The upper deck erupts in UZI FIRE. Lara
dialog: dives
text: for cover as bullets ricochet off the deck and walls.
text: As Larsen carefully lines up a shot with the harpoon gun...
text: Lara RUNS AND SHOOTS with her single gun until all her bullets are
dialog: spent. She keeps running for the Huey but --
text: -- AN AUSSIE GUARD appears in Lara's path with a SHOTGUN!
speaker_heading: AUSSIE GUARD
text: End of the line, Missie.
text: Just then, Larsen fires the harpoon gun! THE HARPOON flies towards
text: Lara, trailing a thick STEEL CABLE. Lara sees it coming before the
text: Aussie Guard, so she SIDE-FLIPS with a HALF TWIST in the air,
dialog: reversing her direction!
text: The harpoon misses Lara by inches...but impales the Aussie Guard
dialog: and
text: sticks in a crate down on the lower surface deck!
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: Goddammit !
text: Larsen abandons the harpoon gun and takes chase on foot as...
text: Lara grabs up the Aussie's shotgun and cracks it open. With the
text: METALLIC BOX between her feet, Lara uses the V'd shotgun to ZIP
speaker_heading: DOWN
text: the harpoon's steel cable to the lower surface deck where the Huey
dialog: is
dialog: parked!
text: RACK FOCUS on Malvern emerging from the lower levels.
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S HUEY HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Lara hops into the chopper, placing the METALLIC BOX onto the seat
text: next to her. She quickly gets the rotors going and starts to lift
dialog: from
text: the deck...but not before Larsen jumps from the side of the ship
dialog: and
text: grabs onto the landing struts!
text: After Larsen pulls himself up into the back of the chopper...
scene_heading: EXT. MALVERN'S SHIP - UPPER SURFACE DECK - CONTINUOUS
text: His sweaty face knotted with maniacal fury, Malvern stands at the
text: other harpoon gun, one eye squinted on his target: the rising
dialog: chopper --
text: -- KA-SHOOOOOOOOOP! The harpoon arcs through the night sky snaring
dialog: the
text: landing struts! Malvern smiles a twisted smile as the Huey becomes
dialog: a
text: fly on a string above him!
speaker_heading: MALVERN
dialog: Reel her in.
text: One of the Aussies takes over the harpoon controls from Malvern.
dialog: Now
text: the hydraulic engines start to pull the chopper down towards the
dialog: ship!
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S HUEY HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Abandoning the now useless controls, Lara reaches for the METALLIC
speaker_heading: BOX
text: ...but Larsen puts a boot hard down on her hand.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: I read somewhere that British girls
dialog: like it rough.
text: Larsen viciously backhands Lara, who stumbles to her knees inside
dialog: the
text: cabin. Now armed with the metallic box, Larsen stands over Lara,
dialog: fully
text: enjoying his position of power.
speaker_heading: LARSEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell you what. Beg for your life
dialog: like Erikson did and I'll make it a
dialog: quickie for you.
text: Lara's eyes suddenly burn with a rage we haven't seen before. She
speaker_heading: LEG
text: WHIPS Larsen down to the floor and ELBOWS his windpipe with such
dialog: force
text: that he releases the metallic box.
scene_heading: EXT. MALVERN'S SHIP - UPPER SURFACE DECK - CONTINUOUS
text: Malvern and the rest of the Aussie contingent stare up at the
dialog: circling
text: helicopter...slowly being reeled in closer to the ship by the
dialog: Aussie
dialog: controlling the harpoon gun!
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S HUEY HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Lara and Larsen continue to slug it out inside the chopper, which
text: lurches on the end of the harpoon line -- Lara goes tumbling
dialog: against
text: the wall. Larsen takes the opportunity to grab back the metallic
dialog: box,
text: which he raises above his head to smash in Lara's skull.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: You wanna know how British girls
dialog: really like it?
text: Larsen hesitates for just a second, allowing Lara to KICK him out
dialog: the
text: open side of the chopper.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: With us on top.
scene_heading: EXT. MALVERN'S SHIP - LOWER SURFACE DECK - CONTINUOUS
text: The Huey has been pullea within 30' of the deck, so the fall
dialog: doesn't
text: immediately kill Larsen, who smashes down into some SHIPPING
speaker_heading: CRATES.
text: Malvern and the other Aussies hurry down to the lower deck. With
dialog: blood
text: trickling from his mouth, Larsen holds up the metallic box. A
text: victorious grin despite the pain.
speaker_heading: LARSEN
dialog: I...I got the Veil.
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S HUEY HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Lara cleverly maneuvers the chopper so that the steel cable wraps
text: around the Aussie at the controls of the harpoon gun...
scene_heading: EXT. MALVERN'S SHIP - LOWER SURFACE - CONTINUOUS
text: Malvern reaches down and takes the metallic box from Larsen. A
dialog: faint
text: TICKING can be heard. A worried look crosses Malvern's face as he
text: opens the box to see Lara's ruse:
text: CU - A BRICK OF PLASTIOUE rigged to blow in five seconds!
scene_heading: INT. MALVERN'S HUEY HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Lara pitches the Huey so she can get a clear view of the harpoon
dialog: gun,
text: then uses the cable to crush the Aussie at the controls against the
text: harpoon RELEASE LEVER -- Klank!
text: Finally free and clear, Lara pushes the Huey to its limit, speeding
text: away from the ship as THE NIGHT SKY GOES RED!
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - CONTINUOUS
text: The red flash fades to white, revealing A NUCLEAR MUSHROOM growing
dialog: up
text: from the water. The Huey Helicopter flies right at the camera,
dialog: chased
text: by the ENERGY WAVE. But Lara never looks back. And as the
dialog: helicopter
dialog: hits escape velocity, we;
speaker_heading: LONG DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: CU - LONDON HERALD HEADLINE reads: "New Evidence of El Dorado
text: Uncovered!" Captions under PHOTOS of Dodge and Darby attribute the
dialog: discovery of Manco's Tomb to them. We are:
scene_heading: INT. BENTLEY ARNAGE - DAY
text: Lara, relaxing in the back seat, finishing the article.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Bravo, boys.
text: She kisses two fingers and applies the sentiment to each man's
dialog: picture.
text: Karak drives with one eye on Lara in the rear-view mirror.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: I take it your trip was...
dialog: rejuvenating?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Wonderfully so, Karak.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: Did you find what you were looking
dialog: for?
text: Lara thinks about this for a moment, then half-smiles.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yes, I think I finally did.
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: You haven't forgotten about your
dialog: Aunt's cocktail party?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (instant dread)
dialog: Is that tonight?
speaker_heading: KARAK
dialog: (wry)
dialog: You can run, Lara, but you can't
dialog: hide.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AUNT EV'S FLAT - NIGHT
text: This impressive West End flat is peopled with ELDERLY MEN in tuxes
dialog: and
text: AGING WOMEN draped in demure dresses and ostentatious jewelry. Aunt
speaker_heading: Ev
text: flits about, hosting a cocktail party for the upper crust of
dialog: British
dialog: society.
text: Suddenly, the din of vapid conversation drops a notch. All eyes --
dialog: especially male -- fall firmly upon:
text: LARA crossing the room in black stiletto heels and a sheer, blood-
dialog: red
text: dress that hides everything...and yet nothing. Oddly, she's
dialog: carrying a
speaker_heading: BRIEFCASE.
text: As Lara confidently makes her way across the room, the sea of
dialog: party-
text: goers parts magically before her. Aunt Ev spots her and hurries
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Lara! I'm so glad you could make it.
dialog: And look at you -- that vacation did
dialog: you a world of good.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: It was a brilliant suggestion, Aunt
dialog: Ev. May we speak alone for a moment?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes, but only a moment. So many
dialog: people to attend to, you know.
scene_heading: INT. AUNT EV'S FLAT - LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: Lara and Evelyn enter a lushly-decorated sitting room. A warm fire
text: from the hearth illuminates the room. Lara opens her briefcase and
text: pulls out a stack of LEGAL PAPERS.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I've signed the paperwork, as
dialog: promised.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How proud your mother would be, to
dialog: see you filling her shoes so nicely.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Oh, I almost forgot -- I brought you
dialog: a little souvenir from my travels...
text: She hands her aunt THE BLACK VEIL.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (hates it)
dialog: You're so...thoughtful.
text: As Evelyn walks around looking for a spot to place the Veil:
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: I just don't know what to do with
dialog: all these knickknacks you give me.
text: REVEAL almost every horizontal surface in the room is occupied by
dialog: the
text: incredible ARTIFACTS Lara has given her.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Scions, daggers... Where in the
dialog: world do you ever find these things?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Oh, here and there...
text: Impatient, Evelyn finally crams the Black Veil in a lower cubby
dialog: hole,
text: completely out of sight.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: I would love to stay, but I have
dialog: another very important engagement.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (ears perk up)
dialog: Engagement? Who's the lucky fellow?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (deadpan; teases her)
text: Actually, there are three of them.
dialog: Off of Evelyn's confounded look, we;
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE WORLD'S END PUB - NIGHT
text: Her red dress hiked up, Lara sits on a stool between the Gadget
dialog: Boys
text: --Stuart, Liam & Wesley. They are all drinking from a pint of dark
dialog: ale.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: So how was your trip?
speaker_heading: LIAM
dialog: What happened this time?
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: You nail any baddies?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Such imaginations...
text: Lara enjoys her beer as the TV above the bar broadcasts a NEWS
speaker_heading: REPORT
text: over images of the blasted remains of Malvernis SHIPPING VESSEL
text: floating in ocean.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: ...officials are uncertain what
dialog: initiated the nuclear blast, which
dialog: fortunately was far enough from all
dialog: major land masses to pose any threat
dialog: of fallout...
text: The Gadget Boys all turn in unison to stare at Lara.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: That was you wasn't it?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (feigns indignation)
dialog: Let me remind you, I am a proper
dialog: British girl.
text: The Gadget Boys aren't sure what to believe as Lara finishes her
dialog: beer
text: in one big, unladylike swig.
speaker_heading: LARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Most of the time anyway.
text: Lara's sly smirk elicits smiles from the boys, as we;
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
dialog: 
