dialog: 
speaker_heading: "TOTAL RECALL"
dialog: Screen Story and Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Ronald Shusett and Dan O'Bannon
dialog: Fifth Revision
dialog: by
dialog: Ronald Shusett and Steven Pressfield
scene_heading: ______________________________________________________________________________
speaker_heading: "TOTAL RECALL"
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: All we can see, filling the entire frame is a flame-orange
dialog: sky...almost like the sky from the burning of Atlanta in
dialog: "Gone with the Wind".
dialog: SUPERIMPOSE: Presenter credit.
text: PAN DOWN lower and lower until we see the terrain below...
dialog: the desert. There is no vegetation whatever, just sand and
text: odd-shaped rock formations. The air is filled with red dust,
text: which alternately obscures and then reveals the image.
text: CAMERA MOVES FORWARD optically - enlarging the film grain in
dialog: the process.
speaker_heading: SLOW DISOLVE
text: OPENING CREDITS BEGIN.
text: ANOTHER SHOT of a barren landscape, once more with bizarre
text: rocks. Dust. Sound of wind. CAMERA MOVES FORWARD again.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE.
text: ANOTHER LANDSCAPE, but this time, in the distance are some
text: enormous plastic domes. Sunlight striking them and reflect-
dialog: ing causes brilliant rainbows. CAMERA optically tracks
text: toward the dome, seen in tantalizingly indistinct fashion
text: through the red dust. DISSOLVE...
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, and, in the distance, on the horizon of the
text: arid landscape is a huge SPHINX-LIKE STRUCTURE. (It is
text: reminiscent of the Egyptian sphinx, but both body and face,
dialog: though gargoyle-like, are different in design.) There are
text: some large pyramids not far from the sphinx. CAMERA MOVES
text: optically FORWARD. DISSOLVE.
text: CAMERA is much closer to the sphinx and is directly in front.
dialog: It moves (combination of zoom and optical printer move)
text: towards the eyes, which appear to be red gems.
text: As CAMERA APPROACHES one of the eyes, it appears to be
text: stained red glass, as in a temple. Suddenly there is a
text: terrific explosion and the glass shatters into millions of
text: fragments which hurtle toward the camera...
scene_heading: 2 INT. CATACOMB BELOW "SPHINX" - DAY
text: A MAN wearing a LIGHTWEIGHT THERMAL SUIT is RUNNING THROUGH
text: THIS LABYRINTH of TUNNELS. The GROUND TREMBLES under him,
text: as if in an earthquake. We cannot clearly make out his face,
text: especially since he wears some kind of BREATHING APPARATUS
text: over a portion of it.
text: The surface of the tunnel's "walls" is curious; the walls
text: are, again, bright reddish orange, and a composite of two
dialog: different substances: rough-textured, clay-like material
text: and red quartz, which glistens like crystal.
text: The man throws a backward glance over his shoulder, fear-
text: fully, as he runs. His HANDS are SPLATTERED with BLOOD.
dialog: Because of this, the RED GLOW, the air of FEAR to the man,
text: and the GROUND HEAVING and BUCKLING, there is almost a
text: SATANIC suggestion to the scene.
text: Suddenly, up AHEAD of the man, there appears a BRILLIANT
text: WHITE LIGHT. He SEES IT, and runs even faster towards it.
text: We are ALMOST UP TO THE LIGHT, and we SEE HANDS REACHING
text: OUT OF THE LIGHT TOWARDS US... that seem to beckon him to
speaker_heading: SAFETY.
text: ABRUPTLY, the ENTIRE SCREEN GOES RED, BUT IN REVERSE NEGATIVE;
dialog: with YELLOW LAYOVERS. (So that all the images we see --
text: ENTIRE FRAME -- are small YELLOW AREAS diffused on a RED
text: BACKGROUND.) It is much like looking at a tableau made out
dialog: of molten lava.
speaker_heading: SUPERIMPOSE MAIN TITLE:
speaker_heading: TOTAL RECALL
speaker_heading: HOLD.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 3 INT. BEDROOM IN SMALL APARTMENT - MORNING
text: DOUGLAS QUAIL and his wife KRISTEN, are asleep in bed.
text: Gradually the room lights BRIGHTEN. The CLOCK CHIMES and
text: begins SPEAKING in a soft, feminine voice.
speaker_heading: CLOCK
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Tick, tock, seven o'clock. Time
dialog: to rise and open your eyes.
text: They don't budge. Shortly, the clock CHIMES again.
speaker_heading: CLOCK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Tick, tock, seven-oh-one. Time
dialog: to get up, the day had begun.
text: Quail's wife stirs. Maddeningly, the clock CHIMES a third
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: CLOCK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Tick, tock --
text: Quail reaches out and shuts the clock off. Then he sits up
dialog: in bed.
text: He swings his legs out from under the covers and sits on the
text: edge of the bed. He puts on his glasses and sits, lost in
dialog: thought.
text: He is a good-looking but conventional man in his early
text: thirties. He seems rather in awe of his wife, who is
text: attractive and rather off-hand towards him.
text: Kirsten pulls on her robe, lights a cigarette, sits fishing
dialog: for her slippers.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I dreamed about Mars again... it
dialog: was bizarre, yet is was so real...
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (casual)
dialog: It's your time of the month again.
text: Quail looks at her quizzically.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: world-weary air)
dialog: At least once a month. Douglas
dialog: Quail's obsession. For twelve
dialog: years you've been talking about
dialog: Mars.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: People do go to Mars, you know.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: That's right, Douglas. But not
dialog: you. Not us.
text: Quail looks crestfallen.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: disdainful)
dialog: As it is, we can barely scrape by
dialog: on your lousy ten thousand a week.
text: She leaves the room. He meditates on what she said,
dialog: depressed.
scene_heading: 4 INT. KITCHENETTE - MORNING
text: Quail and Kirsten sit at a small table, eating breakfast.
text: On the WALL is projected the front page of a NEWSPAPER.
text: Drinking his coffee, Quail studies the wall with the air
dialog: of a man who had his "node stuck in a newspaper," ignoring
dialog: his wife.
text: The newspaper headline reads: "RIOTING ON MARS OVER WATER
dialog: TAX."
dialog: His wife is reading a different article: "Four Women Rape
dialog: Man in Park."
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: What do they expect ... the
dialog: way men dress these days ...
dialog: then they scream rape.
text: Quail is absorbed in his own paper and doesn't hear her.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: You know -- let's really do it.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: Rape men in the park?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: No. Go to Mars.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (withering)
dialog: Go to hell.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: We can pool our savings and
dialog: I've got some sick leave
dialog: coming, besides my regular
dialog: vacation...
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (interrupting;
dialog: corrects herself)
dialog: ...more of a half-wit. For
dialog: a start a war could break out
dialog: there any day ...
text: She gestures toward the TV screen where Martian police
text: are keeping protesters behind a barrier. Some have signs
text: reading "A FREE MARS", "DOWN WITH COHAAGEN", "EARTH - OUT"
dialog: etc.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: That's just media talk. They're...
dialog: (indicating
dialog: the protesters)
dialog: ...just a minority. They're
dialog: powerless.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: Well, there's a lot of things
dialog: we need around here before
dialog: we waste our money on a trip
dialog: to Mars. We're broke. I'm
dialog: just a slave around this dump.
dialog: Now if you were capable of
dialog: finding a better job....
text: The kitchen clock chimes and talks.
speaker_heading: CLOCK
dialog: It's now eight. You'll be
dialog: late!
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I'll be late!
text: He jumps up quickly from the table, picks up his coat and
text: briefcase, kisses KIRSTEN's perfunctorily offered cheek
dialog: and leaves.
scene_heading: 4A EXT. CITY - EARLY MORNING
text: CAMERA TRACKS with Quail as he walks along the busy modern
text: street towards a subway station. Modern cars (out of focus)
text: pass noiselessly between the camera and Quail. There is a
text: plaintive tune being played on violin. Quail pauses and
text: gives a wad of notes to the aged violinist, then walks on
text: briskly.
scene_heading: 5 INT. SUBWAY STATION - EARLY MORNING
text: Quail enters the station. Everybody must pass through a
text: weapons check before proceeding to the platforms.
text: TWO ARMED GUARDS stand at either side, as commuters pass
text: through an electronic beam. On a screen, the entire body
text: of each person is seen in X-ray. All of them are clearly
text: carrying a gun in their inside coat pocket.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: No weapon again, Mr. Quail?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I keep forgetting, Herb. They
dialog: frighten me.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Yeah? Well, it's the law,
dialog: Mr. Quail. Has been since
dialog: 1990 they tell me. Tomorrow -
dialog: ya carry ya gun or ya get
dialog: reported.
text: GUARD gestures to his associate. They've obviously been
dialog: through this with Quail before.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Okay. Herb, okay.
text: Quail walks on to the track area. The train arrives.
text: Signs above each approaching car say "CAR FULL", "ROOM
text: FOR 10 PERSONS", etc. Quail goes to a carriage marked
speaker_heading: "NEW CAR".
scene_heading: 6 INT. URBAN TRANSIT TRAIN - DAY
text: The doors open and the crowd surges on. Quail grabs a
text: seat. At intervals throughout the car are VIDEO MONITORS
text: on which a NEWS BROADCAST is showing.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (V.O.)
dialog: -- more violence today from Mars's
dialog: strike-torn ore colonies --
text: Everyone ignores the broadcast -- except Quail, who perks
dialog: instantly at the word "Mars."
text: The NEWSCASTER is a young black man.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...but Earth Intelligence Operations
dialog: Director Vilos Cohaagen, clearly
dialog: worried about the damage to Mars's
dialog: all important tourist
dialog: industry was today dismissive
dialog: of the dissident groups....
text: TV scene switches to a press conference. COHAAGEN, sur-
text: rounded by AIDES, steps in front of a podium packed with
text: news network microphones and cameras. Cohaagen is a
text: striking, intense man with an obvious air of power.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: We're dealing with a bunch of
dialog: extremists and unrepresentative
dialog: lunatics. Mars is a happy and
dialog: prosperous protectorate of Earth...
dialog: and will remain so.
text: The train stops at another station and more people pile on.
text: Quail tries to watch the broadcast through the bodies
text: passing in front of him and intermittently blocking the
dialog: image.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: There have been some criticisms,
dialog: sir....
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: I have no further comment.
text: The news conference ends and a bright looking young man
text: comes on the screen. Quail continues to watch, though
dialog: not as interested, initially, as he was by the Mars story.
text: Few of the other passengers bother looking at the screen.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Good morning, commuters. This
dialog: portion of your trip is brought
dialog: to you by Rekall, Inc. Do you
dialog: have a dream that never came
dialog: true? Do you aspire - but
dialog: only perspire? Has the great
dialog: adventure passed you by? Then
dialog: come to... REKALL, where what
dialog: might have been will have been.
dialog: For the memories of a
dialog: lifetime... REKALL.
text: Quail watches the commercial through to the end, but doesn't
text: seem to take it very seriously. He glances away as a card
text: comes on the screen with REKALL's numbers.
scene_heading: 6B INT. QUAIL'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Quail is seated at a computer console in a vast beehive
text: of a room. Numerous people are typing information onto
text: the screens. Quail pauses in his typing, thoughtful. He
text: then types in a little more information, then pauses again.
text: On the screen, a sentence types itself...
dialog: WHY HAVE YOU STOPPED? REQUEST MORE INFORMATION.
text: Quail read it and continues.
scene_heading: 9 INT. McCLANE'S OFFICE - REKALL - DAY
text: Scene opens on a CU of McCLANE, a genial, bubbling, enthus-
dialog: iastic man.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: We're all dreamers, Douglas.
dialog: But here at Rekall, dreams
dialog: are our business.
text: He presses a button on his desk and the chairs on which
text: they are seated appear to be in outer space. Countless
text: stars glitter all around. Startlingly, a comet whizzes by.
text: Quail is amazed. McClane grins and presses the button
text: again. The scene changes to a beautiful underwater coral
text: reef. Multi-colored fish swim around the chairs and desk.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: But... is the process really
dialog: that effective? A false
dialog: memory!?
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: (shaking his head;
dialog: smiling)
dialog: We prefer the term "extra-
dialog: factual implant". Your
dialog: memory will be complete in
dialog: every way. You will have
dialog: gone to Mars. We guarantee
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Is it in any way dangerous?
dialog: I mean, the medical techniques?
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: Not when you deal with
dialog: qualified operators - like
dialog: us.
text: He presses the button again and the normal office returns.
text: Quail looks around, impressed.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: It's just - incredible.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: And look at our follow-up
dialog: program!
text: He puts items on the desk as he talks.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Space-flight ticket stub...
dialog: passport... vaccination
dialog: certificates... matchbooks
dialog: from Martian Nouvelle Cuisine
dialog: Restaurants, souvenirs, post
dialog: cards... even names of people
dialog: you met - now back there -
dialog: who you can call and discuss
dialog: your trip with... by the way,
dialog: we plant these things where
dialog: you'll come across them at
dialog: random in the future.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: But... I'll know I hired you.
dialog: That'll destroy the whole
dialog: illusion.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: (smiling; self-
dialog: satisfied)
dialog: But you won't remember me, or
dialog: having been here.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I won't?
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: Your money back if you do!
dialog: We've never paid out yet.
text: Quail slumps backs in his chair, overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And we have a special this
dialog: month, for only two-hundred
dialog: thousand dollars more.
text: At the press of a button, a list appears on the wall...
speaker_heading: A14 MILLIONAIRE PLAYBOY
speaker_heading: A15 SPORTS HERO
speaker_heading: A16 INDUSTRIAL TYCOON
speaker_heading: A17 INTELLIGENCE AGENT
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You can have a new identity
dialog: for the duration of the trip.
dialog: Pick one.
text: Quail's eyes linger on "Intelligence Agent."
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: "Intelligence Agent"... wouldn't
dialog: that be dangerous? I might
dialog: attack....
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: (airily)
dialog: No. No. You're a retired
dialog: agent. Mars was your last
dialog: mission and you're never to
dialog: break your cover. But you'll
dialog: have got the girl, killed the
dialog: baddies, and saved the
dialog: Universe. Not bad, eh?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I don't know... about the
dialog: whole thing... it's all such
dialog: a fake. I won't really have
dialog: gone. I won't really....
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: (kind but firm)
dialog: Let's face it, Douglas, you,
dialog: and millions of people like
dialog: you have no chance of ever
dialog: getting to Mars and you'd
dialog: never qualify as a secret
dialog: agent for EIO. This - REKALL
dialog: - is the only way to achieve
dialog: your dream.
text: He gets up and walks around to Quail's chair.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Think about it, Douglas.
dialog: Think, too, what a terrible
dialog: boor a real holiday is.
dialog: Lost tickets, endless arguments,
dialog: lousy hotels, missed connections,
dialog: rotten weather... Rekall will
dialog: supply you with perfect, happy
dialog: memories.
dialog: Quail is thoughtful, willing to be totally convinced.
scene_heading: 9A INT. QUAIL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Quail is sitting, distracted, in an uncomfortable modern
text: chair. Kirsten is watching a near-pornographic film on
text: TV. She casually lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: You know that's illegal.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: Yeah? Who's going to report
dialog: me? You?... wimp....
text: She watches a torrid love scene on the video.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Screwing around's illegal,
dialog: too. But just give me half
dialog: a chance...
text: Quail looks at her with distaste. His expression changes
dialog: to one of resolve.
scene_heading: 10 INT. MEMORY STUDIO - DAY
text: Quail is stretched out on a plush reclining couch, alongside
text: some strange-looking lab equipment, wearing a hospital-type
text: smock. In the b.g. hovers a TECHNICIAN, adjusting some
dialog: instrumentation (discreet banks of computers, etc.) -- that
text: apparently relates to the lab equipment next to Quail. The
text: room in a dim, soothing booth, lit by indirect lighting.
text: Quail looks a little concerned as he studies all the
dialog: instrumentation next to him -- as one always does at the
text: dentist's, looking at the drills.
text: The door opens abruptly, in walks a cute-looking LITTLE
text: OLD LADY, wearing a JOGGING SUIT. (A RUTH GORDON-TYPE.)
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Hi, I'm Doctor Sophie Lull.
dialog: Sorry I'm late.
dialog: (walks toward
dialog: coat closet)
dialog: I'll be right with you.
text: She dons a white medical smock that covers her jogging
text: suit, then slings on heavy, lead-lined protective vest.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (looking at
dialog: instrument
dialog: console)
dialog: This really going to work?
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: It the Pope Martian?
dialog: Lull's assistant, the TECHNICIAN in b.g., who had been
text: steadily working on the instrumentation, now looks over
dialog: at Lull.
speaker_heading: ERNIE (TECHNICIAN)
dialog: (at machine)
dialog: Okay -- that's it.
text: Now, Lull extends a long rubber tube, a hypodermic needle
text: attached to it. Quail eyes it warily. She swabs the back
text: of his hand in preparation, notices his apprehension.
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: Now, just relax, kid. This
dialog: ain't gonna hurt. Just a
dialog: controlled drip of Narkadine.
dialog: When you're under, I'll just
dialog: ask ya a few questions, nothin'
dialog: real personal, just full
dialog: details of yer private life
dialog: so's we can tailor the
dialog: wish-fulfillment program to
dialog: your needs.
text: She injects the needle into his hand as she speaks, tapes
dialog: it down.
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: See? Painless. I didn't feel
dialog: a thing. Hey, you're a nice
dialog: kid... you like a little
dialog: somethin' extra?
text: Quail, embarrassed, starting to go under, nods.
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: pleased)
dialog: Good! Kid -- have I got a
dialog: girl for you! She's gonna
dialog: like you. You're good-lookin'.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Gettin' sleepy?
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: Good. Now, what's the first
dialog: thing you think of when you're
dialog: thinkin' about Mars?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: Well... I'd like to see the
dialog: Martian Sphinx...
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: Okay -- you will, Dougle! I
dialog: want ya to start counting
dialog: backwards from a hundred for
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (sleepily)
dialog: One hundred... ninety-nine...
dialog: ninety-eight... ninety-seven...
dialog: ninety-six... ninety-five....
text: His voice drops off; his eyes close. Lull studies him,
text: adjusts some instruments, then turns to Ernie, glancing
text: briefly at a typed sheet in front of her.
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: Okay, Ernie, the trip to Mars;
dialog: number sixty-two... and throw
dialog: in that blonde... We'll give
dialog: him a real good time.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Sixty-two... and... the blonde...
text: He takes two discs and inserts the first one into a machine.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Boy, is this one wild. He
dialog: won't want to come back.
text: Ernie inserts the second disk.
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: Dougie? This Sophie Lull.
dialog: Can ya hear me?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: ...Sophie....
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: Good! ... I'm gonna ask ya
dialog: a few more questions now. Ya
dialog: think you'll be able to
dialog: answer 'em?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: ...Yes....
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: Attaboy! To begin with, I
dialog: wanna ask ya; -- You sex
dialog: life. How many orgasms a
dialog: week?
scene_heading: 11 INT. McCLANE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: McClane has several file drawers open and is removing diverse
text: objects and placing them on his desk.
dialog: These items apparently are objects Rekall, Inc. intends
dialog: to "plant" for some client of theirs to find (perhaps
dialog: even Quail) -- as part of his fantasy.
text: While he is putting these things on his desk, the PHONE
text: BUZZES. He answers it.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: LULL (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered;
dialog: tense)
dialog: Howie? Listen, you'd better
dialog: get in here.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: (not too
dialog: concerned)
dialog: Not another schizoid embolism.
speaker_heading: LULL (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: You'd better get in here.
scene_heading: 12 INT. MEMORY STUDIO - DAY
text: McClane come quickly in, brushing the swinging door open.
text: Lull and Ernie look up as he enters. Quail lies on the
text: couch, breathing slowly and regularly, his eyes closed.
text: McClane looks queryingly at Lull, who motions him to
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: (bends over
dialog: Quail)
dialog: Quail? Dougie, can you hear me?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: Tell McClane what you told us.
text: McClane glances sharply at Lull, then turns to Quail.
text: Quail's eyes open and scan the room. They settle on
dialog: McClane. These eyes have changed: they have become
text: cold and steely. In fact, Quail's entire personality
text: seems to have changed -- his face has acquired a flint-
text: edged hardness. He is chillingly menacing.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (a deadly
dialog: voice)
dialog: All of you in this room are
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: (not quite
dialog: taking it
dialog: seriously)
dialog: What's he talking about?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: You've broken my cover.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: What is this?...
text: McClane's eyes flash angrily at Lull.
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: The Narkadine cracked a memory
dialog: cap. Mars --
dialog: (she's scared)
dialog: He's really been there.
text: There is a chilly silence in the room as McClane digests
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: Forced suppression?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: With spontaneous breakthrough.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: Holy shit.
text: They stare at Quail as if he's a ticking bomb.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: You've compromised the Sphinx
dialog: Project. You'll have to be
dialog: silenced.
dialog: Now they're all panicked.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: Wait a minute. Quail --
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: My name isn't Quail.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: Listen... whoever you are...
dialog: sir....
dialog: (almost
dialog: pleading)
dialog: ...This is all an accident.
dialog: We'll destroy all the records.
dialog: No one will know. I swear it.
dialog: Believe me.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I believe you, but that won't
dialog: stop E.T.O. from killing you.
text: The Rekall people stare at each other in quiet horror.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Killing you... killing you...
dialog: killing you....
text: His voice trails off, his eyes close.
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: (intensely)
dialog: He wants a false memory
dialog: implanted -- of a trip he
dialog: really took.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Someone at Earth Intelligence
dialog: Operations erased his memory.
dialog: All he know was going to Mars
dialog: meant something special to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: What do we do? Graft a false
dialog: memory pattern over the real
dialog: memory of the same thing?
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: (shaking her
dialog: head)
dialog: Uh-uh... That could promote
dialog: a partial breakthrough of
dialog: the real trip.
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Revive him without any false
dialog: memory implantation and get
dialog: him out of here.
speaker_heading: LULL
dialog: Why don't we just wipe out
dialog: the memory of his visit
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: McCLANE
dialog: (nodding;
dialog: relieved)
dialog: Yes. Good. I'll destroy
dialog: his file and cancel his fee.
dialog: I have a feeling that the
dialog: longer he doesn't know who
dialog: he is, where he's been,
dialog: where he's going and who we
dialog: are, the better off we'll
dialog: all be. I'm taking a holiday.
dialog: A real one.
text: He leaves. The others stare after him, looking very grim.
scene_heading: 12A INT. RECEPTION AREA OF REKALL - DAY
text: A dazed and disoriented Douglas Quail comes out of an
text: inner door and walks through the lobby towards the exit
dialog: door.
text: An attractive RECEPTIONIST, her bare breasts visible
text: through a clear plastic blouse, watches him; she then
text: looks toward McClane who has half-opened the door to view
dialog: Quail's progress.
scene_heading: 12B INT. ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Quail travels down. Uncomprehendingly, he looks out at
dialog: the city.
scene_heading: 12C INT. BUILDING FOYER - DAY
text: Quail stumbles through the fairly crowded foyer, oblivious
dialog: to anything around him. A red-headed man may or may not be
text: watching him. He makes a phone call from a pocket phone.
scene_heading: 12D INT. ROBOT TAXI CAB - AFTERNOON
text: Scene open on Quail, in the back of the cab; he looks
text: around, slowly coming to his senses.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Travelling south along Third
dialog: Avenue, passing Fourty-third
dialog: street.
text: Although the driver's voice is a little mechanical (flat
dialog: in tone) he is filmed from Quail's POV, and it isn't
text: obvious he is anything other than an ordinary cab driver.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Where am I going?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Thirty-three thirteen "G"
dialog: Street, Sector "L", Twin
dialog: Towers, Apartment six-thirty-
dialog: five.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: How did I get here?
text: Camera now cuts to a shot in front of the driver. He is
text: a fairly human-like robot.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: I don not understand the
dialog: question, sir or madam.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: How did I get into this cab?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You stepped into it in the
dialog: normal manner, sir or madam.
scene_heading: 15 INT. CORRIDOR OF QUAIL'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: The reception area and hallway leading to the elevators is
text: smart and clean, though not lavish. A uniformed and armed
text: DOORMAN is standing by the entrance door.
text: Filmed from the elevator end of the area, we see the cab
text: pull up and Quail alight and enter the building. He nods
text: to the doorman and approaches the elevators. As he reaches
text: them a MAN steps out from behind the camera. A 2ND MAN
text: enters from a door opposite the elevators. Quail looks
text: at them and becomes quite panicky.
speaker_heading: 1ST AGENT
dialog: Aren't you the man from Mars?
text: He takes a modern, lethal gun from his pocket. Quail turns,
text: but the other man is behind him.
speaker_heading: 2ND AGENT
dialog: Don't give us a reason to
dialog: kill you.
text: Quail looks toward the doorman, who is paying little
text: attention to the events. As the two men edge Quail towards
dialog: the door, he call out...
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Mr. Zimmer...Mr. Zimmer...
dialog: help me... they're...
text: But the doorman turns calmly away.
scene_heading: 16 INT. BASEMENT CAR PARK - DAY
text: The two men lead Quail past a number of cars to their own
dialog: vehicle.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Where are you taking me?
speaker_heading: 1ST AGENT
dialog: You told everyone at Rekall
dialog: about you trip to Mars.
dialog: Where you went, who you worked
dialog: for, what you did --
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: But I didn't... Are you telling
dialog: me... I did go to Mars? I
dialog: don't remember?
speaker_heading: 1ST AGENT
dialog: You've remembered too much.
dialog: The Sphinx Project, for a
dialog: start....
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (confused;
dialog: remembers only
dialog: fragments)
dialog: Sphinx?... No, no, I don't,
dialog: I... What about the people
dialog: at Rekall? I don't recall
dialog: Rekall but you said if they
dialog: know what I did? Why don't
dialog: you ask them? They'll tell
dialog: you I didn't...
speaker_heading: 1ST AGENT
dialog: They've been taken care of.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Neither man bothers answering. They arrive at their car
text: and open the door for Quail. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What are you going to do with
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: 1ST AGENT
dialog: Get in the car.
text: He slaps Quail hard across the face. Quail is terrified.
text: He is tearful with fear.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: My God! No! You're going to
dialog: kill me!
text: He cringes. His hands across his face.
speaker_heading: 1ST AGENT
dialog: No one's going to kill you if
dialog: [you do what you're told.]
dialog: We're visiting E.I.O. for some
dialog: new tests. Now get in, or do
dialog: we start playing rough?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: No! It's not my fault! You
dialog: can't do it!
text: They start to force him into the car physically.
text: Suddenly, Quail stops cringing. the FEAR DISAPPEARS FROM
text: HIS FACE, and is replaced by an odd, thoughtful expression.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Wait a minute, I remember --
speaker_heading: 1ST AGENT
dialog: What, Quail? What do you
dialog: remember?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: On Mars... they tried to kill
dialog: me... And....
text: QUAIL TRANSFORMS INTO A HIGHLY SKILLED KILLING MACHINE.
text: In an instant, he karate-chops both agents across the
text: windpipe, and they crumple to the ground.
text: Quail steps back. He stares at the two bodies, incredulous;
text: then stares at his own deadly HANDS. It is as though they
dialog: belong to someone else.
text: Then, leaving the two agents sprawled across the alley, he
text: races back into the basement door of his building.
scene_heading: 18 INT. QUAIL'S APARTMENT - EVENING
text: Kirsten is watching another pornographic video when Quail
text: bursts in. He is still disoriented.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Did you know I've been to
dialog: Mars?
text: Kirsten gets up and turns off the movie.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: What! This stupid obsess...
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I think I've been. I vaguely
dialog: recall...
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: Doug, you've got to forget...
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Forget? Remembering is the
dialog: problem I must've been
dialog: to one of those artificial
dialog: memory places...
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: Oh my God...
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: But something went wrong...
dialog: something about a real
dialog: memory... and then those
dialog: men... tried to kill me.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: What men? Doug, you're crazy.
text: She starts to mix a drink from a well-stocked cabinet.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You're here now. They didn't
dialog: kill you.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: No. That's what's so amazing.
dialog: I killed them. I think...
text: Kirsten stops pouring her drink and look at him sharply.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: Where? Where are they?
text: Quail points down with his finger.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Doug! It's something they
dialog: put into your mind at the
dialog: memory place. Fantasies.
dialog: That's their business.
text: She sips her drink.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You're a computer operator.
dialog: You're a bore. You're a
dialog: wimp. You're not a killer.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I'm involved somehow with
dialog: E.I.O. It's true. It's no
dialog: fantasy.
text: He walks around the apartment drawing curtains and putting
dialog: out the lights.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: Doug, I want you to see a
dialog: doctor. Now Alec and Shirley
dialog: Turnbull have a good man. He
dialog: helped Alec through his
dialog: breakdown.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: For fuck's sake, this is no
dialog: breakdown!
text: Kirsten is taken aback at his use of language. He strides
text: into the bathroom and slams the door. She turns on one
text: lamp, goes to a telephone and dials.
scene_heading: 19 INT. BATHROOM - TWILIGHT
text: Quail takes a washcloth, turns the hot water up full and
text: soaks the cloth under the steaming water. Using it as a
text: compress, he presses it against his face and his neck, to
dialog: drain off some of the tension.
text: He turns off the water. Towelling his head dry, he opens
dialog: the bathroom door.
text: The instant he does this, a blinding white BURST OF LIGHT
text: comes arcing into the bathroom, and the back wall crinkles
text: and CHARS into a swatch of blackness.
text: QUAIL DIVES OUT THE DOOR, just as ANOTHER BOLT incinerates
dialog: the spot where he was standing.
scene_heading: 20 INT. LIVING ROOM - TWILIGHT
text: THE ROOM IS IN TOTAL DARKNESS. The only thing visible is
text: the pale rectangle of the balcony window, with the curtains
dialog: drawn over it.
text: QUAIL and his ASSAILANT cannot be seen -- but they can be
text: HEARD. There is the sound of a SCUFFLE -- the meaty THUD
text: of a FIST CONNECTING WITH FLESH -- and a painful GRUNT as
text: someone's breath whooshes out.
text: The LIGHT COMES ON. Quail is standing with one hand on the
text: lamp, and the other twisting KIRSTEN's arm up behind her
text: back. A pistol lies on the floor. Quail is totally stunned.
text: He releases her arm, shoving her away from him, at the same
text: time scooping up the pistol.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: My God! Did you say I need a
dialog: psychiatrist?
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: I haven't seen you move that
dialog: fast since I've known you.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: How could you do it? After
dialog: eight years!
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: I'm not your wife, Quail.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Not my wife! You are out of
dialog: your mind.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (indifferent;
dialog: nursing her
dialog: arm)
dialog: It's a false memory implant.
dialog: I never saw you before six
dialog: weeks ago.
text: Quail is totally disoriented.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Why are you lying like this?
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: No, Quail. It's true. You
dialog: work for E.I.O. So do I.
text: As she speaks, she walks to a picture on the wall and from
text: behind it pulls out a small wallet. She flips it open to
text: show him her E.I.O. badge. He looks down uncomprehendingly
text: at the holographic lettering "Earth Intelligence Organisation".
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (indicating their
dialog: surroundings)
dialog: But why all of this?
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: We had to watchdog you...make
dialog: sure the erasure took. A wife
dialog: seemed like a good idea.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: But I remember it! All of
dialog: it!... Us!
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: All implanted.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Our friends... my work...
dialog: eight years.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: The job's real -- you've had
dialog: is six weeks -- since you got
dialog: back from Mars.
text: He sits down, holds his hand to his head.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It's all a fabrication, Quail.
dialog: Everything you know.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: This is crazy! If all my
dialog: memories are false, who am
dialog: I? What am I? Jesus... it's
dialog: like I don't exist.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: You exist, all right.
dialog: (very cold)
dialog: That's the problem.
text: A pause as Quail mentally gropes frantically, for what to
dialog: do next.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Why did you try to kill me?
dialog: Why does E.I.O. want me dead?
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: They don't particularly. That
dialog: was my idea. This assignment was
dialog: boring me to death. The
dialog: personality they gave you
dialog: wasn't too thrilling.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Well, what did I do on Mars
dialog: that they have to keep me from
dialog: telling?
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: I've no idea. I just work
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: All right... I'm leaving.
dialog: Don't try and follow me --
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: I don't have to follow you.
dialog: You can't get away from E.I.O.
dialog: Nobody does.
text: Quail looks at her as if seeing her for the first time.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: No wonder you got the role as
dialog: my bitchy wife -- type casting.
text: He leaves. Kirsten smiles secretively. She goes to a
text: drawer, opens it and removes a tiny instrument that looks
text: like a TV channel-changer. There is a very small light
text: on the instrument, which begins flashing on and off, as
text: the instrument begins to make BEEPING SOUNDS.
scene_heading: 21 EXT. STREET OUTSIDE QUAIL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Quail walks briskly out onto the street, controlling his
text: paces, trying not to look suspicious. After a beat, he
text: heads for the nearest subway entrance.
scene_heading: 22 INT. SUBWAY STATION - NIGHT
text: Now underground, Quail tries to blend in with the other
text: subway people. He heads toward the weapons check.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. STREET SUBWAY ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: An OFFICIAL VEHICLE slams to a halt next to the subway
text: entrance and a whole load of INTENSE MEN pours out of it.
scene_heading: 24 INT. SUBWAY - NIGHT
text: Quail now shuffles along in a lineup of people waiting
text: to get through the WEAPONS CHECK. He tries to control
text: his nervousness. He passes. The guard smiles at him,
text: pleased to see he has remembered his gun.
scene_heading: 25 INT. SUBWAY - NIGHT
text: All the men with guns drawn come pouring down the subway
text: stairs. The SUBWAY COPS and WEAPONS CHECK are stunned to
text: see four large men brandishing guns push their way through
text: the weapons check gate without seeming to notice them. One
text: gunman flashes a HOLOGRAPHIC BADGE ENCASED IN PLASTIC at
dialog: them.
text: The gunman reach the bottom of the stairs and race closer
text: to the subway train, which is just departing. The men
dialog: halt abruptly.
speaker_heading: FIRST GUNMAN
dialog: Fuck it!
text: The second gunman adjusts a small plug - a radio receiver -
dialog: in his ear.
speaker_heading: SECOND GUNMAN (EARPLUG WEARER)
dialog: We won't be able to track him
text: again until he comes up above
dialog: ground!
scene_heading: 26 INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT
text: Quail sits in the subway car as it barrels through the
text: night, not knowing exactly where he will go. He is
text: confused, distraught. A commercial comes onto the video.
speaker_heading: TV AS VOICE OVER
dialog: Tired? Exhausted? Need a
dialog: vacation? Don't settle for
dialog: memories, experience the real
dialog: thing. Daily departures on the
dialog: space shuttle to Mars. Visit
dialog: the wonders of....
scene_heading: 27 EXT. SUBWAY STOP - NIGHT
text: Quail emerges from underground and looks around. The
dialog: streets are almost deserted.
scene_heading: 28 INT. MOVING OFFICAL VEHICLE - NIGHT
text: THE GUNMEN SIT IN THE OV. The one with the ear plug
dialog: [suddenly talks.]
speaker_heading: EARPLUG WEARER
text: Coming in again. Loud and
dialog: clear.
text: He looks down at an illuminated street map built into the
text: car's dashboard.
scene_heading: 28A EXT. SUBWAY STOP - NIGHT
text: A cab comes into view. Quail quickly hails it and jumps
text: in. Cab moves off.
scene_heading: 28B INT. CAB - NIGHT
text: Quail is still pondering what to do next. He glances out
text: one window, though not at anything in particular. Suddenly,
text: the silence is shattered as bullets rip through the window
text: on the other side. Quail ducks to the floor.
scene_heading: 28C EXT. CAB - NIGHT
text: A wide shot shows that the cab is being fired on by a man
text: leaning from the window of an official patrol vehicle. He
text: is aiming at the tires and driver, rather than directly at
dialog: Quail.
scene_heading: 28D INT. CAB - NIGHT
text: Bullets are still pouring in.
speaker_heading: ROBOT DRIVER
dialog: (unemotionally)
dialog: You are being fired on, sir
dialog: or madam, please leave the
dialog: cab at once.
text: From the floor, Quail pushes the door handle and rolls
text: out onto the street. The pursuing car occupants fail to
dialog: notice his exit.
scene_heading: 28E EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: Cars continue, as Quail picks himself up from the gutter
text: and moves off down a narrow side street.
scene_heading: 28F INT. CAB - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ROBOT DRIVER
dialog: [Please....]
text: Bullets rip into the robot driver's neck, severing the
text: head from the body. The head hits the window then bounces
text: back onto the front seat. It continues talking.
speaker_heading: ROBOT DRIVER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...leave the cab as bullets
dialog: are hitting the vehicle in
dialog: considerable quantities.
scene_heading: 28G EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: The taxi mounts the footpath and smashes through the display
text: window of a store. Clothes models are scattered and broken.
text: When the noise abates, the severed head of the robot driver
text: is lying among the dummies.
speaker_heading: ROBOT DRIVER
dialog: This company, sir or madam,
dialog: will institute legal action
dialog: for damages...
scene_heading: 29 EXT. STREET - "END OF THE LINE" HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Quail emerges from the side street and sees "End of the
dialog: Line" Hotel. It is clean, bland, middle class. He quickly
text: crosses the road and enters.
scene_heading: 29A INT. "END OF THE LINE" HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT
text: The foyer is brightly lit and empty. Quail approaches the
text: DESK CLERK, who is reading a book. "Dr. No", marked, in
dialog: flowing script, "from the classic series".
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: (without looking
dialog: up)
dialog: Help you, sir?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (handing over
dialog: money)
dialog: A room for the night.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: (reluctantly
dialog: putting down
dialog: the book)
dialog: ID.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (handing over
dialog: money)
dialog: Here's ten thousand. Forget
dialog: the ID.
text: DESK CLERK looks up at him, with interest. His hand
text: hovers over the money.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I have a liaison with a
dialog: lady... and I'm married...
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: I understand, sir. Nothing
dialog: like a bit on the side, eh?
dialog: Bit of fugitive flesh. The
dialog: greatest aphrodisiac is a new
dialog: body, wouldn't you say, sir?
text: Quail looks at him with distaste but is only anxious to
text: be given the key to his room. He says nothing.
scene_heading: 30 INT. "END OF THE LINE" HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Quail unlocks the door and enters. No sooner does he
text: relock the door then THE PHONE RINGS. He freezes, stares
text: at it for three rings, then picks it up.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (into receiver)
dialog: I told you, I don't want to
dialog: be disturbed.
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE VOICE
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: If you want to live, don't
dialog: hand up.
text: Quail is stunned. He says nothing, but doesn't hang up.
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE VOICE
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: filtered)
dialog: They've got you bugged...
dialog: They're gonna find you.
dialog: Faster than you can say "Back
dialog: Rodgers".
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: And don't bother shaking down
dialog: your clothes -- the monitor
dialog: is embedded in your skull.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (reeling)
dialog: Who are you? What the hell
dialog: is this?
scene_heading: 30A INT. BAR BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: The man telephoning Quail is calling from a bar. Occasion-
text: ally people pass him on their way to the toilets. He is
text: youngish and conservatively dressed. He speaks rapidly
dialog: and urgently.
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE VOICE
dialog: Take a wet towel and wrap it
dialog: around your head. That will
dialog: deaden the signal. It'll
dialog: take longer for them to
dialog: pinpoint you.
speaker_heading: 30B INT QUAIL'S ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Why should I trust you?
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE VOICE
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: There's a real old saying -
dialog: "Beggars can't be choosers".
dialog: Go and soak your head!
text: Quail puts the phone down and rushes to the bathroom.
scene_heading: 30B1 INT. PATROL CAR - NIGHT
text: The earphone wearer and driver are moving in on the signal
text: generated by Quail's bug. Suddenly, the small illuminated
text: cross on the dashboard map cuts out.
speaker_heading: EARPHONE WEARER
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Cut the language, will ya?
speaker_heading: EARPHONE WEARER
dialog: It's gone! Some...malfunction...
text: Unscientifically, he prod the screen.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (world-weary air)
dialog: Toldya the Martian assembled
dialog: [stuff don't work.]
scene_heading: 30B2 INT. QUAIL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Quail rushes back into the room with a wet towel,
text: turban-like, wrapped around his head. He rapidly picks
dialog: up the phone.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Keep talking.
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE VOICE
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Head over to Skid Row -- to
dialog: the Lucky Stub Pawnshop --
dialog: corner of Park Avenue and
dialog: Fifty-eighth. Tell the man
dialog: you're Mr. Hotchkiss; you
dialog: came for your Grecian
dialog: candlesticks.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (infuriated)
dialog: What do I want with Grecian
dialog: candlesticks!
scene_heading: 30C INT. BAR BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: The man on the phone looks around anxiously.
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE VOICE
dialog: Just do it! This is no time
dialog: for small talk.
speaker_heading: QUAIL (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered; not
dialog: quite convinced)
dialog: How did you know where to
dialog: find me?
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE VOICE
dialog: I've been tailing you since you
dialog: get back from Mars.
scene_heading: 30D INT. QUAIL'S ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: You're E.I.O. You're on the
dialog: other team.
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE VOICE
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I'm E.I.O. But I was your
dialog: best friend. Scott Stevens -
dialog: we arranged this...
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (trying to
dialog: recall)
dialog: I can't remember - only bits...
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE VOICE
dialog: (filtered;
dialog: overlapping)
dialog: I was your fail-safe -- if and
dialog: when the shooting started.
dialog: Good luck. Look me up if you
dialog: remember me.
scene_heading: 30E INT. BAR BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: Scott Stevens hangs up the phone. He looks around
text: cautiously, then walks a few steps to the mens room.
scene_heading: 30F INT. MENS ROOM - NIGHT
text: Scott Stevens walks to the row of troughs and begins to
text: urinate. The room is empty. He hears a noise and looks
text: around. Two EIO men are standing there aiming lethal-looking
text: high-velocity weapons at him. One of them is the red-headed
dialog: man we've already seen.
speaker_heading: 1ST MAN (RED-HEADED)
dialog: Well, look at that. He's
dialog: really got his hands full.
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: Not so full, so I've heard.
text: Still urinating, the frustrated Scott Stevens can only look
text: back over his shoulder. Laughing, both men open fire,
text: riddling him with bullets. He collapses in an undignified
text: heap, his head in the water at the base of the trough.
scene_heading: 31 INT. "END OF THE LINE" CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Quail, with towel around his head, glances up and down the
text: corridor -- spots a sign that says "FIRE EXIT". He races
dialog: towards it.
scene_heading: 32 EXT. "END OF THE LINE" FRONT ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: The OV slams up in front of the hotel and a carload of
text: MEN tear out of it and barge into the hotel.
scene_heading: 32A INT. "END OF THE LINE" HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT
text: The startled clerk jumps to his feet as the group of
text: armed men enter rapidly.
speaker_heading: EARPHONE WEARER
dialog: Quick. The guy who checked
dialog: in fifteen minutes ago.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Room...thirty-six.
text: Most of the armed men instantly head off up the stairs,
text: their weapons at the ready. Clerk watches, astonished.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: He was only meeting a lady...
dialog: Aren't you guys overdoing it
dialog: a bit?
scene_heading: 32B EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Quail is walking along briskly, still with the towel
text: around his head. A few passers-by look at him curiously.
text: He puts his hand together and greets them Indian-style.
scene_heading: 33 EXT. PARK AVENUE - NIGHT - CLOSE ON STREET SIGN
text: which reads: "PARK AVENUE / 58TH STREET".
text: PULL BACK to reveal "The Lucky Stub Pawnshop". WINOS
text: lurk on the corner. Park Avenue has deteriorated into
dialog: a slum.
text: QUAIL ENTERS FRAME, and approaching the pawnshop, stepping
text: over a BUM in a doorway.
scene_heading: 34 INT. PAWNSHOP - NIGHT
text: Quail is just entering; an old-fashioned BELL overhead,
text: tripped by the door opening, announces his entrance.
text: At once, an immense FAT MAN emerges from the back room.
speaker_heading: PAWNBROKER
dialog: You wanta camera? I got some
dialog: good, top-quality ones. You
dialog: want silk rugs? Handmade last
dialog: century in Iran...all perfect.
dialog: You want videos? Old movies...
dialog: classics...all those Vietnam
dialog: war ones...real quaint stuff...
dialog: you want...
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (interrupting;
dialog: awkwardly)
dialog: I'm Hotchkiss...I came for
dialog: the...Grecian candlesticks...
text: The Fat Man studies him warily for a long moment; then
text: he disappears through the curtain.
text: In a brief moment, he emerges again, carrying a small,
dialog: "makeup-sized" case, as well as two large candelabra.
text: The Pawnbroker puts the case on the counter. Quail looks
dialog: at the case with curiosity.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I wonder if you could tell
dialog: me...
text: They both look around as someone enters.
speaker_heading: PAWNBROKER
dialog: I trust these will look well
dialog: in you... mosque.
scene_heading: 35 INT. FLOP HOUSE - NIGHT - CLOSE ON HANDS
dialog: Opening up the small case.
text: PULL BACK to reveal they are Quail's hands. The hotel
dialog: room he's now in is obviously a different one than the
text: last one we saw him in. The room is large but run-down,
text: the walls are peeling, the architecture is much older,
dialog: etc.
dialog: Quail examines the contents of the case: there are CREDIT
text: CARDS and also MONEY, several stacks of bills, neatly
dialog: tied -- some of it the conventional green, but most of
dialog: it red.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON RED MONEY
text: On the face of it is printed: "MARS FEDERAL COLONY".
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (mutters)
dialog: Martian money....
text: Quail thumbs through the money, and whistles softly to
text: himself as he sees how much there is.
text: Also in the case are: TWO PASSPORTS; a small CASSETTE
text: RECORDER; a rolled-up LEATHER POUCH and a spray can of
dialog: some sort; and a strange thing that looks like a silver
text: mask. He examines the face mask, studies BLACK LETTERS
dialog: WRITTEN ACROSS IT (which we are not close enough to read)
text: and then puts it aside. Another item now catches his
text: eye: a wristwatch. He sees a conspicuous red button on
text: the side of the watch, and PRESSES IT. INSTANTLY, TO HIS
dialog: SHOCK, QUAIL SEES A MAN MANIFEST HIMSELF HIMSELF OUT OF
text: THIN AIR AND STAND THERE IN THE ROOM A FEW FEET AWAY FROM
dialog: QUAIL: he's an EXACT HOLOGRAPHIC DUPLICATE of Quail --
text: down to the clothes Quail is wearing now.
text: The image stands and watches Quail.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What the hell...?
text: Quail smiles, presses the red button again. There is a
text: HUMMING SOUND -- and the man FADES INTO THIN AIR -- like
text: a television set being turned off.
text: Quail looks bemused.
text: Now he unrolls the leather pouch and looks inside. There
text: he finds what look like SURGICAL INSTRUMENTS; a sponge,
text: a long piece of wire doubled over, with some attachments
text: and a tiny METAL HEAD on one end, and some tubes of salve.
text: He turns on the cassette recorder.
text: The VOICE he hears on the cassette TAPE is HIS OWN!
speaker_heading: CASSETTE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (Quail's voice)
dialog: "Hauser, this is Hauser -- or
dialog: whatever you think your name
dialog: is now. If you're listening
dialog: to this, I'm talking to myself.
dialog: Your memory's been erased and
dialog: you've got a wet towel around
dialog: your head.
dialog: (he does)
dialog: "The first thing you've got to
dialog: do is get rid of that bug in
dialog: your head."
scene_heading: 36 INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: The sound of the tape continues as Quail follows
text: instructions - pushing the wire up into a bloody portion
text: of his neck, just below the ear.
speaker_heading: CASSETTE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: The monitoring device is
dialog: located in your left maxillary
dialog: sinus cavity. Make a small
dialog: incision in your neck just
dialog: below the left ear, and
dialog: insert the wire up into the
dialog: sinus. The head is
dialog: self-guiding. Just shove.
text: Quail makes a face.
speaker_heading: CASSETTE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You won't feel a thing. The
dialog: spray cartridge contains a
dialog: local anesthetic and a blood
dialog: coagulant. Careful, it's my
dialog: neck, too.
text: Holding the wet towel against his neck, Quail slowly
text: withdraws the wire. On the end of it is a tiny, metal
dialog: bead, the Transmitter.
scene_heading: 37 INT. MOVING OFFICIAL VEHICLE - NIGHT
text: The man with the ear plug suddenly reacts.
speaker_heading: EARPLUG WEARER
dialog: It's come on again.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Where?
text: The 1st man quickly check the map-grid in the dashboard.
text: A small bright 'x' is flashing.
speaker_heading: EARPLUG WEARER
dialog: He's in that old flophouse.
dialog: Plaza Hotel. Central Park
dialog: South.
scene_heading: 37A INT. HOTEL BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Quail is anxious to get rid of the transmitter. He looks
text: around and notices a rat trap near a rat hole in the
dialog: skirting board.
text: He carefully - avoiding springing the trap - removes the
text: piece of cheese and pushes the transmitter inside. He
text: then throws the cheese into the rat hole.
scene_heading: 38 INT. MOVING OFFICIAL VEHICLE - NIGHT
text: The car is moving swiftly through the streets.
speaker_heading: EARPLUG WEARER
dialog: Boy, he's really moving
dialog: around.
text: A CU of the screen shows the small 'x' moving in circles.
scene_heading: 38A EXT. HOTEL SIDE ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: The car pulls up. Another follows it. Armed men leap
text: out from both. The EARPLUG WEARER indicates they should
text: go down an alley at the side of a service door. They
text: advance cautiously, guns at the ready. They see no one.
text: The EARPLUG WEARER indicates another, even narrower, alley
text: leading off to one side. Two of the men sneak cautiously
text: up to it, their guns at the ready.
text: A large rat scurries out from behind overfull garbage
text: bins. Furious, they fire. The bullets rip the bins to
text: shreds, scattering refuse everywhere. The rat is killed.
text: They all stare in disbelief.
speaker_heading: EARPLUG WEARER
dialog: Ya dirty rat!
scene_heading: 40 INT. E.I.O. HEADQUARTERS - MEMORY LAB - NIGHT
scene_heading: OPENING CLOSE on a MONITOR SCREEN slated "HAUSER/QUAIL"
dialog: followed by a serial number and some dates. The slate
text: vanishes, replaced by a scene of Quail -- undergoing
text: some KIND OF MILITARY TRAINING.
text: PAN to OTHER MONITORS, all depicting Quail in other
text: action scenes -- on some kind of mission, driving a car,
dialog: etc.
text: TECHNICIANS man the monitors, scrolling through them in
text: fast-forward and fast reverse as if searching files.
text: The technicians turn as Cohaagen and his aides enter.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: (demands)
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: We're running every one of
dialog: his memory tapes for the past
dialog: fifteen years. Nothing yet,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: There must be something -- some
dialog: place he would go, some friend
dialog: he would run to.
text: The red-haired E.I.O. man joins them.
speaker_heading: RED-HEADED MAN
dialog: (to Cohaagen;
dialog: quietly)
dialog: They lost him.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: Again?!
text: The red-headed man nods.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Are you sure the original
dialog: suppression took?
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: Absolutely, sir. He thinks
dialog: he's Quail, a computer...
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Then how do you explain what
dialog: he's doing?
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: Just his instincts. He was
dialog: well trained by E.I.O.... Maybe
dialog: the memory cap's fractured.
dialog: Portions of his prior identity
dialog: could be leaking through.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: (very anxious)
dialog: He'll remember Mars? The
dialog: Sphinx Project?
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: Fragments. Nothing more.
dialog: Nothing he could piece together.
dialog: I did advise terminating him,
dialog: rather than implanting an
dialog: identify alternative.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: What do you think I am? A
dialog: barbarian? We're not living
dialog: in the twentieth century!
text: He looks at the video screen again. An image has flashed
text: onto it of an attractive Eurasian girl.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hold it there.
text: He studies the picture, which changes to show the same
dialog: girl from different angles.
scene_heading: 42 INT. SPACE PORT - DAY
text: Passengers are boarding a COMMERCIAL SPACECRAFT. In
dialog: addition to the STEWARDESSES checking their tickets, there
text: are two PLAINCLOTHES MEN checking every passenger. They
dialog: carry some kind of small, portable ELECTRONIC DEVICE that
text: they shine in the face of each passenger going through.
text: (It gives off a BLUE BEAM and HUMS.)
dialog: The passengers are a diverse group - businessmen, officials,
dialog: government people, etc. There is also a large tour group
text: consisting of a predominately middle-aged and determinedly
text: jolly crowd, many of them carrying duty-free bags. They
text: are being marshaled by an harassed TOUR ORGANIZER, who is
text: carrying aloft a hand-painted sign... "MARTIAN TOUR GROUP".
text: The last of the passengers board the spacecraft. The
text: chief PLAINCLOTHES MAN nods to an official and the door
text: begins to close.
speaker_heading: PLAINCLOTHES MAN #1
dialog: If he had to travel to Mars
dialog: with that bunch, I'd be sorry
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: PLAINCLOTHES MAN #2
dialog: We couldn't have missed him?
speaker_heading: PLAINCLOTHES MAN #1
dialog: No way. Let's get a coffee
dialog: before the next shuttle.
scene_heading: 43 INT. SPACELINER - IN FLIGHT
text: One of the PASSENGERS -- a middle-aged WOMAN - unbuckles
text: her seat belt and heads for the restroom, carrying her
text: handbag, and some clothes on a hanger.
scene_heading: 44 INT. LAVATORY - IN FLIGHT
text: The woman locks the door and turns to the mirror. She
text: opens her bag, takes out a spray container, SPRAYS HER
dialog: FACE with it, and takes out -- the SILVER FACE MASK we
dialog: saw in Quail's emergency kit.
text: She holds the mask to her face. There is a SIZZLING
text: NOISE, and SMOKE rises from behind the mask.
text: She lowers the mask. Her face is now that of QUAIL.
text: He tears up a passport and drops it down a chute.
text: He reaches inside his dress, starts to REMOVE his "FALSIES."
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MASK
text: We can read the BLACK LETTERING written across it now:
speaker_heading: "LASER FACIAL".
scene_heading: 45 INT. SPACELINER - IN FLIGHT
text: Quail exits from the lavatory and glances toward the
text: ebullient tour crowd. He turns and looks in the other
text: direction and sees a video theater advertising "ROCKY 36"
dialog: with Sylvester Stallone III, Jnr. He isn't too excited,
text: but heads towards it. He pauses a little when an
text: announcement comes over the intercom.
text: A LITTLE BELL sounds, followed by INTERCOM STATIC. Quail
dialog: looks up.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, if you'll
dialog: glance out the starboard
dialog: viewports, you'll behold an
dialog: indeed awesome sight --
text: Quail goes to a viewport and PEERS, transfixed. He is
dialog: seeing... at last... the object of his obsession.
scene_heading: 46 EXT. SPACELINER - IN ORBIT AROUND MARS
dialog: The SPACELINER -- which we have deliberately not seen before
dialog: this moment for dramatic effect -- banks and turns, suddenly
dialog: bringing into view -- MARS.
text: AN IMMENSE ORANGE GLOBE -- so close it looks like it's
dialog: going to fall on us. It dwarfs the spaceliner.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Those long gorges you see,
dialog: clearly are the legendary
dialog: canals of Mars....
text: The liner drops toward the surface of Mars. Below: a
text: NETWORK OF INTERSECTING LINES crisscross the planet.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Of course, they are not manmade
dialog: canals, but vast natural chasms
dialog: ...many deeper and larger than
dialog: the Grand Canyon. Though
dialog: utterly without moisture now,
dialog: scientists have determined
dialog: that they were formed by
dialog: massive flooding millions of
dialog: years ago.
scene_heading: 47 INT. SPACELINER
text: Quail stares, his brow furrowing as if with some deep
dialog: hidden memory he can't quite recall.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Surface temperatures at the
dialog: Martian equator is minus
dialog: one-hundred and twenty degrees
dialog: Centigrade -- in winter.
dialog: Fortunately, this time of year
dialog: it's slightly more seasonable:
dialog: Sixty degrees, Fahrenheit,
dialog: outside the domes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Please remember, folks, that
dialog: outside the domes you'll need
dialog: to carry your own personal
dialog: oxygen supply at all times.
dialog: The atmosphere of Mars is
dialog: almost a vacuum. Thank you
dialog: for flying with Interstellar
dialog: and we hope your stay will be
dialog: a pleasant one.
scene_heading: 48 EXT. MARS - OUTER SPACE
text: CAMERA follows the spaceliner until the ENTIRE FRAME is
text: filled with the RED-ORANGE sands of MARS.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. MARTIAN DESERT - DAY
text: An endless expanse of boulder-studded red sand, under
text: a red-orange sky.
text: The desert is cut by a ROAD, which snakes across the
text: rocky terrain. Some surface TRAFFIC moves along the
dialog: road (all pressurized vehicles since the atmosphere
dialog: of Mars is almost a pure vacuum) - including the
speaker_heading: MARSPORT BUS.
scene_heading: PAN WITH THE BUS - TO REVEAL
text: A CITY UNDER A DOME.
text: In the midst of the stark, trackless landscape -- it's
text: midday, scorching -- rises a huge weatherbeaten GEODESIC
text: STRUCTURE, its glass surface scarred by sandstorm damage.
dialog: Its feeling is like an old Western, when Clint Eastwood
text: rides into Tombstone -- the raw, forbidding vistas, with
text: a tough town carved out of the wilderness.
scene_heading: 50 INT. MARSPORT - DAY
text: Quail is looking out at the desolate landscape. The TOUR
text: ORGANISER, an amiable middle-aged man sits beside him.
dialog: It is possible he is not a married man.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: It's no Garden of Eden.
speaker_heading: TOUR ORGANISER
dialog: No. Quite a bit to see, though.
dialog: The canyons, the old Sphinx...
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: What do you know about that?
speaker_heading: TOUR ORANISER
dialog: Not much, really. Millions
dialog: of years old. Bit like the
dialog: one that used to be in Egypt,
dialog: you know...
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Yeah. Got destroyed in the
dialog: Arab wars... What about this
dialog: independence movement?
speaker_heading: TOUR ORGANISER
dialog: (dismissive)
dialog: Not worth worrying about.
dialog: Mostly descendants of the
dialog: original colonists from Earth.
dialog: Now they want self-rule so they
dialog: can sell us all the minerals...
dialog: I don't think we've met. You
dialog: with our group? Takes me a
dialog: while to know everyone.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Sure. Douglas Quail.
speaker_heading: TOUR ORGANISER
dialog: Richard Toltz.
dialog: (they shake hands)
dialog: Well, Doug, I hope we'll see
dialog: a lot more of each other.
scene_heading: 55 EXT. CITY (UNDER THE DOOM) - DAY
text: The bus pulls up outside a modern tourist hotel. The
text: buildings surrounding it have a much more improvised,
text: temporary look. Most are pre-fabricated structures.
dialog: The streets are crowded and there is a "frontier-town"
dialog: atmosphere. Stalls sell fruit and vegetables, also water
dialog: and air containers.
dialog: A lot of greenery is evident - this is to absorb CO2 and
dialog: emit oxygen, thus helping with the air supply under the
dialog: dome.
text: Some small, ragged boys look at QUAIL as he looks around
text: before going inside the hotel. Suddenly, one of them throws
text: a small sack at him. It hits his chest and leaves a yellow
text: stain. The hotel DOORMAN chases the boys away....
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Smogpsucker!
text: From the other side of the street, a gang of URCHINS with
text: a harmonica start singing some kind of defiant PATRIOTIC
speaker_heading: SONG.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: You know how it is, sir. Some
dialog: of these red-asses are a bit
dialog: prejudiced.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Prejudiced? Against what?
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Earthmen.
text: The street song has swelled, adult MINERS and CITIZENS
dialog: joining the belligerent chorus.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: What are they singing?
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: The Martian National Anthem.
text: Quail tips the doorman, enter the hotel.
scene_heading: 57 INT. MARS HILTON LOBBY - DAY
text: Quail passes several kiosks -- a magazine stand, currency
text: exchange, clothing store, shoeshine stand. A SHOESHINE
text: BOY looks up at Quail.
text: Quail walks past, enters the main lobby. The atrium
dialog: entryway is absolutely fabulous; a complete contrast to the
text: dirty, Casbah-like streets. AFFLUENT-LOOKING PEOPLE in
text: spotless linen fill the lobby.
text: Quail stops to examine a large ROTATING DISPLAY sitting on
text: a table in the middle of the lobby. It is a stand-up model
text: of a SPHINX. Across the top is written "THE FIRST WONDER
dialog: OF MARS". A recorded VOICE repeats a canned speech --
speaker_heading: CANNED VOICE
dialog: "...the Martian Sphinx...
dialog: only evidence of non-human
dialog: civilization ever discovered
dialog: ...age estimated at over
dialog: eighteen million years...
speaker_heading: CLOSE - SHOESHINE BOY
text: He stares at Quail.
speaker_heading: BACK TO SCENE
text: Quail approaches the Registration Desk.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Nice to have you back with us,
dialog: Mr. Hauser.
dialog: Quail is startled to be recognized -- particularly by
dialog: this name. He tries to stay casual.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Nice to be back.
dialog: (pick up pen)
dialog: I'm flattered you remember me.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Part of my job, sir.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (starts to sign;
dialog: hesitates)
dialog: Do you remember my first name,
dialog: too?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Charles. Charles Hauser, right?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I'm impressed.
dialog: (now he signs)
dialog: Listen. I need transportation
dialog: to the... uh... the Sphinx.
dialog: Can you arrange it for me?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. But Earth
dialog: government has sealed off the
dialog: excavation site completely.
dialog: No one but survey teams and
dialog: archaeologists are allowed
dialog: closer than twenty miles.
text: The Clerk taps a few keys on a computer.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Oh...
dialog: (spots something
dialog: on the computer)
dialog: Do you want the item you left
dialog: with us?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: What item? Oh... yes, please.
text: The Clerk turns to the safe, retrieves an envelope. He
text: hands it -- and an ELECTRONIC ROOM KEY -- to Quail.
scene_heading: 58 P.O.V. - THROUGH BINOCULARS - THE SPHINX
text: Far in the distance, a dusty red structure squats amid
text: barren dunes. We see vehicles, scaffolding, a fortified
dialog: perimeter.
scene_heading: 59 INT. QUAIL'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Quail stands at the window, looking through binoculars.
text: He lowers them irritably, tosses them on the bed.
text: Quail tugs the envelope from his pocket, tears it open.
text: Inside is a single slip of paper, on which is written
dialog: in longhand:
speaker_heading: "MELINA NOEL
dialog: Last Chance Air Station
dialog: Kilometer 61 Gird Square T9"
scene_heading: 60 EXT. MARS HILTON - SUNSET
dialog: It is now sunset on Mars and it's literally of inearthly
text: beauty. The sun is bold and blood red; the foggy, drip-
text: ping glass of the Dome tints the light into strange colors.
text: Quail emerges from the hotel, properly attired now in a
text: white tropical suit, and starts for the taxi stand.
text: Behind him, also emerging from the hotel, is the Shoeshine
text: Boy. He keeps out of sight -- but is definitely tailing
dialog: Quail.
text: As Quail nears the first solar-powered taxi in line, he is
text: approached by an amiable-looking CALYPSO GUY wearing a West
text: Indian shirt and bright straw hat.
speaker_heading: CALYPSO GUY (BENNIE)
dialog: Need a cab, boss mon?
text: Quail hesitates, unsure of the protocol.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Mine's right around the corner.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (indicating first
dialog: cab in line)
dialog: That one's closer.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: But I out-hustle him, right?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Right.
text: TWO CABBIES exchange curses as Quail, wary, follows the
text: Calypso Guy around a corner, climbs into the small solar
dialog: car.
scene_heading: 62 EXT. CITY DOME - AIR LOCK - SUNSET
text: An AIR LOCK whooshes open underneath a Checker Cab sign.
text: Bennie and Quail emerge in the solar-powered car -- set
dialog: off into the desert.
scene_heading: 63 EXT. DESERT - SUNSET
text: The taxi traverses the same type desert that Quail crossed
text: a few hours ago. Only now is looks completely different.
dialog: The late light tints everything in pastel shades, Quail is
text: awed by the grandeur of the Lawrence-of-Arabia-like setting.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. DESERT TRUCK STOP - NIGHT
text: Quail and Bennie's taxi approaches a brightly-lit oasis in
dialog: the middle of the desert. There's a cafe, repair facilities
text: and a huge parking lot -- all under a garish neon sign:
text: "LAST CHANCE AIR STATION AND ASLOON - EAT HERE AND GET GAS".
text: Quail and Bennie's taxi pulls in and parks. In the lot is
text: a collection of strange and colorful vehicles: huge ore
text: trucks that pull eight trailers, mountain prospecting jeeps,
dialog: Grapes-of-Wrath jalopies. Quail and Bennie disembark, wear-
text: ing breathing masks, and enter the main building.
scene_heading: 69 INT. LAST CHANCE AIR STATION - NIGHT
dialog: The joint is a combination saloon/cathouse/casino. There
dialog: are slot machines, HOOKERS, MINERS and HOMESTEADERS; it is
dialog: like a Nevada brothel -- packed with wild and woolly indi-
dialog: vidualists, the equivalent of Old West trappers, prospectors
text: and cowboys -- but with a space-age look.
text: Quail and Bennie elbow their way to the bar. Fragments of
dialog: conversation are overheard.
speaker_heading: MINER #1
dialog: ...if that intergalactic little
dialog: Napoleon thinks I'm sellin' and
dialog: clearin' outta here, he can
dialog: think again!
speaker_heading: MINER #2
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: ...watcha gonna do when he cuts
dialog: off the air, Luke?
speaker_heading: MINER #3
dialog: ...you'll be breathin' red dust
dialog: and shittin' bricks.
text: Bennie and Quail pass another group.
speaker_heading: MINER #4
dialog: ...my wife ain't goin' on
dialog: one of those space shuttles...
dialog: she hates flyin'...
speaker_heading: MINER #5
dialog: ...aw, come on... flyin's
dialog: safer'n crossin' the road...
speaker_heading: MINER #6
dialog: ...yeah, there ain't been a
dialog: real disaster since that
dialog: collision off Phobos, nigh on
dialog: twenty years ago...
speaker_heading: MINER #4
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: ...well, that killed twelve
dialog: thousand...
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: What is this, Bennie...
dialog: Tombstone?
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Sorta. Bunch of miners out
dialog: here got their own claims, from
dialog: way back. Cohaagen's buyin' em
dialog: all up, says he's gonna cut off
dialog: the air an' water if they won't
dialog: sell...
text: Quail attracts the attention of the BARTENDER.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I'm looking for Melina Noel.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You've found her.
text: His nod indicates an area behind Quail. He turns to see
text: an attractive waitress placing drinks on tables. She
text: doesn't notice Quail. He walks toward her through the
text: crowd. Bennie watches, then tactfully slips away.
text: MELINA turns to return to the bar and runs straight into
text: Quail. She stops, obviously astonished to see him.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: You bastard!
text: Almost in tears, she pushes her way through the crowd to a
text: billiard room, which is separated from the main bar by
dialog: swinging doors.
text: There are no occupants and it is almost in darkness. Quail,
text: bewildered, follows her. Inside the billiard room he turns
text: on the lights which illuminates the area of the table.
dialog: (NOTE: As Quail and Melina speak, the activity in the
text: outside bar can be seen above the swinging doors.)
text: Melina is still fighting back tears. Quail stops in front
dialog: of her, unsure about what to do. He has no recollection
dialog: of how well he might have known this woman.
text: Suddenly, she slaps him hard across the face.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You bastard...
text: He rubs his painful cheek.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That's new -- the innocent
dialog: look.
dialog: (bitter sarcasm)
dialog: You didn't have that one
dialog: before.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Well?
text: Quail is speechless.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Well, uh... I...
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: All right, I'll say it for
dialog: you.
text: He looks relieved (but tries to cover).
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't worry. I got the note.
dialog: You discharged your obligation.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: What note?
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: Oh, the usual one. "Must
dialog: return immediately to Earth...
dialog: the wife needs me..."
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I don't have a wife. Well,
dialog: I do - but not a real wife.
dialog: (getting
dialog: desperate)
dialog: Hell... look... someone else
dialog: sent that note. Someone who --
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: What are you here for?!
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: For you! I don't even know
dialog: why --
text: Melina bursts into tears. Quail rather tentatively puts
text: his arms around her. She welcomes this at first, but then
text: pushes him away.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Whoever I was, I must have
dialog: been a helluva guy.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: "Whoever you were"???
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Listen. I've for to tell you
dialog: something. I beg you to
dialog: believe me... help me --
text: All Melina's suspicions come rushing back.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Something happened to my mind.
dialog: Memory suppression, false
dialog: implant, I don't know
dialog: what --
text: Melina backs off. Quail grows more desperate.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What I'm saying is... I don't
dialog: remember you. I don't remember
dialog: us. I don't remember me --
text: Melina's expression grows dead hard.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: [And I thought...]
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Who is us?
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (ignoring the
dialog: question)
dialog: Memory erasure is what they
dialog: use on agents. Go away.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Wait... I was an agent -- I'm
dialog: not now -- just tell me who
dialog: I am! How did we know each
dialog: other? Why are they trying
dialog: to kill me?!
text: He takes a step toward her, nearly frantic.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: I'm not trusting you again.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: You loved me once, you must
dialog: have --
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: That you was a liar. Who you
dialog: are now I don't even know.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Please, Melina --
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (tears starting)
dialog: Get out!
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I need your help --
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (crying quietly)
dialog: Get out! Get the hell away
dialog: from me!
text: Quail gives up; goes through the doors and leaves. Melina
text: slumps her shoulder against the table and cries.
scene_heading: 77 INT. LAST CHANCE AIR STATION GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Quail enters from the cafe. Bennie is kneeling beside his
text: taxi, repairing a tire. He look up, sees Quail approach.
text: On his right hand, Bennie has a mechanical device
text: capable of spinning 360 degrees. He uses it to twirl
text: a lug nut tight on his tire. As Quail approaches,
text: Bennie removes the TOOL ATTACHMENT from his HAND,
text: tosses it into a kit beside the taxi.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: You don't look so good, boss.
dialog: All over the Universe, women
dialog: is an awful curse.
text: He opens the door for Quail, beams.
scene_heading: 80 INT. SOLAR-POWERED CAR - NIGHT - MOVING - DESERT BACKGROUND
text: Quail still broods, Bennie tries to cheer him up.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: It's a tough planet, boss.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Yeah, right.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Some guy really screwed her -
dialog: screwed her up real good.
dialog: Some Earthman. Just hopped
dialog: on a space shuttle.
text: Bennie bright tone isn't improving Quail's mood.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Listen, Bennie. You're pretty
dialog: well informed?
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: If that means I know it all,
dialog: you're right, boss.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: What do you know about the
dialog: Sphinx?
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: I don't know nothin'. Not
dialog: about the Sphinx. That's out
dialog: of the ball park.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I have to get there. Can't
dialog: you help me?
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: No can do, mon. You want
dialog: women, cigarettes, red-market
dialog: money, booze, even air or
dialog: water... Bennie's your man.
dialog: But the Sphinx... that's
dialog: E.I.O. --
scene_heading: 80A INT. CITY UNDER THE DOME - NIGHT
text: The solar car is moving through the crowd, when suddenly
text: SIRENS approach on a cross street. Bennie brakes and stops.
text: He and Quail watch as POLICE MOTORCYCLES clear a path for a
text: huge, GAS-POWERED LIMO. MINERS on the sidewalks shout
speaker_heading: CURSES, OBSCENITIES --
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Well... look at that one, eh?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Big cheese in town. Big
dialog: smelly cheese.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Cohaagen? But isn't he often
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: No way. That cat just cheat
dialog: the Martian workers without
dialog: ever leavin' his place in
dialog: Beverly Hills. Somethin' must
dialog: be cookin'.
text: Quail keeps his face in shadow and watches Cohaagen with
text: curiosity as he passes. Cohaagen is lit up briefly by a
text: street lamp. His face makes an impression on Quail, who
text: perhaps faintly remembers him in the past.
scene_heading: 82 INT. QUAIL'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Quail enters, turns on the lights, locks the door. He
text: checks all the rooms. Then he crosses to the dresser,
text: studies himself in the mirror. He looks haggard.
text: Quail opens a drawer, takes out his "emergency case," sets
text: it on top and opens it. He removes a shoulder holster and
text: pistol, sets them aside. He takes out a tape recorder.
text: He sets the recorder down gingerly, as if somewhere in
dialog: there were contained the answers to all his questions.
text: He's just about to activate it, when he hears a KNOCK at
dialog: the door.
text: Quail freezes. Another KNOCK.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: (through door)
dialog: Mr. Hauser...
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Hauser, I want to talk to
dialog: you... about Douglas Quail.
text: Quail ditches the recorder and the "emergency case" into
dialog: the drawer -- everything except the PISTOL.
text: Quail approaches the door very cautiously (from the side --
dialog: out of the line of fire).
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (tensely)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: My name is George Edgemar.
dialog: I work for Rekall, Incorporated.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (stunned;
dialog: incredulous)
dialog: Rekall??
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Yes. It's difficult to
dialog: explain... Could you open the
dialog: door, please? I'm not armed.
text: Quail opens it carefully, his gun at the ready, but out
text: of view of the person at the door.
text: A dignified-looking GENTLEMAN stands there, calm and
text: pleasant, wearing an Earth-style business suit.
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: Hello, Mr. Quail. May I come
dialog: in? I won't be offended if
dialog: you prefer to keep the gun
dialog: you're holding trained on me.
text: He can't see the gun, but somehow knows.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: All right... come in.
text: Quail does keep his gun trained on the man. The man enters,
text: holding in his outstretched hand -- a business card.
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: My card, Mr. Quail.
text: Quail frisks him, then takes the card, glances at it.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Okay -- so you're Doctor
dialog: George Edgemar of 'Rekall,
dialog: Inc.' So?
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: As I said... this is going to
dialog: be very difficult -- for both
dialog: of us.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I'm listening.
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: Mr. Quail... I'm afraid you're
dialog: not really standing here at
dialog: this moment.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Sat that again.
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: I said, you're not really
dialog: here. Neither am I. We're
dialog: both in the Memory Studio --
dialog: in the offices of Rekall, Inc.
dialog: On Earth.
dialog: Long pause.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Are you trying to tell me that
dialog: this is all part of some...
dialog: artificially injected fantasy?
dialog: That I never really left Earth?
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: No, not quite. We didn't give
dialog: you this. You're creating it
dialog: yourself --
dialog: (pauses, choosing
dialog: his words)
dialog: Remember the option we offered
dialog: you? Intelligence agent?
dialog: Something inside you liked
dialog: that idea, fastened on it.
dialog: What you're experiencing now
dialog: is a free-form delusion that
dialog: you yourself are fabricating.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: What is this shit you're
dialog: giving me?
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: This is not -- shit, Mr. Quail.
dialog: It's the truth.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know it's very hard for you
dialog: to accept, but you're having
dialog: a schizophrenic reaction...
dialog: we can't snap you out of the
dialog: Narkadine. You're in a world
dialog: of your own fantasy.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Then how the hell can you be
dialog: in my dream -- if you know it's
dialog: just a dream?
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: I've been artificially
dialog: implanted -- like the first
dialog: part of your fantasy. I'm
dialog: actually monitoring your dream
text: at a psychoprobe console.
dialog: This is a last resort. When
dialog: somebody gets stuck in their
dialog: own fantasy, we send in
dialog: someone after them. A
dialog: specialist, like myself.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I don't believe a word you're
dialog: saying.
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: I was afraid you'd think that.
dialog: I'm sorry to have to do this,
dialog: but you really are stuck.
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Doctor Noel, would you come in
dialog: now please?
text: The door starts to open. Quail pivots and points his
text: gun at the opening door.
text: MELINA walks in, carrying a CLIPBOARD. She looks at Quail
dialog: with professional detachment.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: Yes, Mr. Quail, I'm afraid
dialog: it's all true.
dialog: Quail is staggered.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I tried to break through to
dialog: you earlier, but you just
dialog: molded me into your fantasy.
dialog: Sometimes it takes Dr. Edgemar
dialog: to get through to a client as
dialog: tough as you.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (wavering)
dialog: So what's supposed to happen
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: Just do exactly as we tell
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (stares at him
dialog: coldly)
dialog: Somehow that doesn't appeal
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: Please, Mr. Quail... try to
dialog: cooperate. You're having a
dialog: schizophrenic embolism.
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: If we can't get you out now...
dialog: you may never come out of it.
dialog: Your wife calls every day --
speaker_heading: CLOSE - QUAIL
dialog: Even more suspicious.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT - QUAIL AND EDGEMAR
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: If this is a fantasy, there'll
dialog: be no real consequences when
dialog: I pull this trigger.
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: But there will by consequences
dialog: inside your mind. Consequences
dialog: that won't hurt me... but could
dialog: be fatal to you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you shoot me, you'll wipe
dialog: me out of your fantasy -- I
dialog: can't come back again. Because
dialog: to you, I'll be dead. I can't
dialog: help you get back to reality.
dialog: You'll be stuck in permanent
dialog: psychosis.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - QUAIL
text: Trembling, holding the gun point blank in Edgemar's face.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - EDGEMAR
dialog: Showing no fear of tension whatever.
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: You're going to lower the gun,
dialog: Mr. Quail. You're going to
dialog: hand it to me --
speaker_heading: CLOSE - QUAIL
dialog: Straining desperately to find the true "reality."
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSEUP - TRIGGER OF GUN
text: Quail's finger on it.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT - QUAIL AND EDGEMAR
speaker_heading: EDGEMAR
dialog: You're going to do exactly
dialog: what I tell you --
dialog: Quail PULLS THE TRIGGER!
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - BACK OF EDGEMAR'S HEAD
dialog: We SEE the results of the gunshot from this angle only,
dialog: and so BRIEFLY as to produce an almost SUBLIMINAL effect:
text: the back of Edgemar's head blows off --
text: He collapses to the floor.
text: Melina LEAPS at Edgemar's falling form and CLAMPS HER HANDS
dialog: over Edgemar's RIGHT HAND!
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: Watch out, Charles! There's
dialog: more of them in the hall!
text: Quail spins toward the door just as it BURSTS OPEN. A man
text: enters, firing, but Quail has fallen to the floor and
text: returns the fire. He staggers back out into the corridor
text: and slams against the wall, dead.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: (from hall)
dialog: You've had it, Hauser! Throw
dialog: out your weapon if you want
dialog: a past!
text: Melina is still crouched by Edgemar's body, holding his
text: HAND for some reason. Her CLIPBOARD dangles by her side.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: There's an explosive in the
dialog: clipboard! He has a dead-man
dialog: switch in his hand!
text: Squeezing Edgemar's hand shut with one of hers, she holds
dialog: up her other wrist -- to show that the CLIPBOARD IS BOUND
dialog: TO HER WRIST BY A CHAIN!
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: What do you say, Hauser? We
dialog: haven't got all night! Hauser?
dialog: Quail (Hauser) SHOOTS OFF the chain.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: What happens it I come out?
text: Quail takes the CLIPBOARD from Melina and eases himself to
text: the side of the doorway.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: We'll put in a word with the
dialog: big boys. Maybe you'll just
dialog: get exile to Venus.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: All right. Here comes the
dialog: weapon.
text: Quail reaches around the corner and SAILS THE CLIPBOARD into
text: the hallway. Melina lets go of Edgemar's hand --
text: There is a TREMENDOUS EXPLOSION in the hallway,
scene_heading: 83 INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Quail comes out in crouch, ready to shoot. On the floor
dialog: lies a DEAD MAN and the body of the Shoeshine Boy, sprawled
text: grotesquely. The hallway is filled with smoke. The floor
text: covered with debris. Plaster falling from the ceiling.
text: All over the hotel, ALARMS begin BLARING.
scene_heading: 84 INT. QUAIL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Quail strides back in, icy-furious. He seizes Melina by
text: the wrist and drags her after him into the corridor.
scene_heading: 84A INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Two more E.I.O. men appear but Quail shoots them while
text: dragging Melina down the hall in the opposite direction.
text: He pushes open the door leading to the staircase.
scene_heading: 84B INT. STAIRCASE - NIGHT
text: Quail and Melina run down the stairs. On the next landing
text: is a service elevator, from which a waiter is emerging
text: carefully carrying a tray with hors d'oeuvres and champagne.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Back in, quick!
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Wouldn't you prefer your order
dialog: in your room, sir?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: In!
text: Quail bundles the waiter unceremoniously back inside the
dialog: elevator.
scene_heading: 84C INT. LIFT - NIGHT
text: Quail presses the basement button. As he talks to Melina
text: he opens the champagne and pours two glasses. The waiter
dialog: is too frightened to protest.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Okay. Answers! Now!
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: They kidnapped me. Said
dialog: they'd kill you if I didn't
dialog: cooperate. I told them I
dialog: didn't care, but then when
dialog: I realized they meant it...
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I don't know why they're
dialog: after me, but what's your
dialog: connection with all this?
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: We were together before.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Believe me, I'm really sorry
dialog: I can't recall the details
dialog: of that encounter.
text: The elevator has reached the basement. They rush out.
scene_heading: 85 EXT. ALLEY BEHIND HILTON - NIGHT
text: Quail and Melina run from a basement door into an alley.
text: A solar car whips out in front of them. Quail and Melina
dialog: leap aboard.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: Go, Bennie, for God's sake!
scene_heading: 86 INT. BENNIE'S SOLAR CAR - NIGHT
text: Bennie weaves as fast as he can in and out of the traffic,
text: Quail and Melina ducking out of view in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: (glances in
dialog: mirror)
dialog: Bad news, boss lady.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Black cruiser just pull out
dialog: behind us.
scene_heading: 86A EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: A large gas-powered official-looking car is pushing its way
text: through the crowds and traffic behind them.
scene_heading: 86B INT. BENNIE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Quail is aiming his gun at the following car.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Forget the shooter, boss. I
dialog: lose 'em for you.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Lose them? In this?
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Hang on!
text: Bennie reaches down, grasps a KNOB. He yanks it, like
text: someone starting an outboard motor -- and an ear-splitting
text: LOUD ENGINE roars to life.
text: Bennie opens the throttle and the solar car HURTLES DOWN
text: THE STREET. Quail and Melina are thrown back in the seat.
scene_heading: 87 EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: GUNFIRE blazes all around the car. Quail FIRES back at
text: the pursuing car.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (shouts over
speaker_heading: GUNFIRE)
dialog: You're gonna get a ticket
dialog: for that engine, Bennie --
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Yutani 650 -- you like it,
dialog: boss? Nothing like the old
dialog: gas when you want a bit of
dialog: speed.
text: BULLETS from the cruiser rip through the car.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: You better have two aces,
dialog: Bennie.
dialog: (glances behind)
dialog: There's a second cruiser --
dialog: and it's gaining --
scene_heading: 87A EXT. CITY STREETS - NIGHT
text: Bennie's car hurtles through the crowds with the official
text: car gaining on it. Bennie takes a corner sharply near a
dialog: huge water selling stand. The official car brakes to make
text: the same turn, but clips the side of the water stand. The
text: water container tips and empties water through the open
dialog: roof (i.e. through which one of the Agents has been firing)
text: so that the car completely fills. The driver continues the
text: chase, but the occupants are now submerged. They frantic-
text: ally open the windows while continuing to follow Bennie's
dialog: car.
scene_heading: 88 EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: The solar car rushes down what appears to be a dead-end
text: street, with the official vehicle (water pouring out of
dialog: the windows) in pursuit.
text: At the end of the street, however, Bennie doesn't stop but
text: continues going into a large opening. It is an abandoned
text: mine. The bigger car follows him, but won't fit. The
text: roof is smashed to pieces as the vehicle is wedged into
dialog: the narrow opening.
text: The second official car pulls up behind. A chauffeur jumps
text: out and opens the rear door. Cohaagen steps out. He sur-
text: veys the scene. The four men in the wrecked car clamber
text: their way backwards out of the wreckage. They are covered
text: in blood and their clothes are in shreds.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: I take it, then, you've failed
dialog: to get him again.
text: Cohaagen turns to an associate, EMILE, a youngish,
dialog: well-dressed executive type.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Proceed with Operation Sphinx.
speaker_heading: EMILE
dialog: But, sir...
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: With him...
dialog: (gestures toward
dialog: the mine)
dialog: ...on the lose, I'm not
dialog: taking any more chances.
dialog: Operation Sphinx will flush
dialog: him out.
scene_heading: 93 INT. OLD MINE - NIGHT
text: The solar car proceeds along the tunnel. It enters an area
text: full of smoke. Dozens of men are sitting around smoking
text: cigarettes, pipes and cigars. Quail looks at them in
dialog: amazement.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: What's all this?
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Nothin', boss. Just old
dialog: smokies. Only place they
dialog: can come for a puff. It's
dialog: all banned topside.
text: They have now climbed out of the car. Quail looks
text: searchingly at Melina and Bennie.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: So you two are into something
dialog: a bit more serious than the
dialog: taxi and truck-stop business.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: That's right, boss.
text: He unzips his jacket to reveal a T-shirt with "MARTIAN
text: LIBERATION FRONT" (and an appropriate symbol) emblazoned
dialog: on it.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: My God!... T-shirts. They
dialog: died out on Earth years ago.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: Well, maybe we ain't fashion
dialog: leaders, boss.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: No. But we still believe in
dialog: a free Mars.
text: They walk as they talk - into a room off the main tunnel.
text: It is adorned with "FREE MARS" and "MARTIAN LIBERATION
text: FRONT" posters. A group of people are printing T-shirts
text: and leaflets. They exchange greetings with Melina and
dialog: Bennie.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: So where did I fit into all
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: You - when you were Charles
dialog: Hauser with E.I.O -
dialog: infiltrated our group. I
dialog: guess Cohaagen didn't trust
dialog: you any more when you and
dialog: I...
dialog: Her gesture suggests their liaison.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Yeah. And I can't even
dialog: remember it. We'll have to
dialog: arrange a return bout.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: ...so he had your memory
dialog: wiped and fixed you up with
dialog: a new identity.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: But - the Sphinx. Why is
dialog: that stuck in my mind? Why's
dialog: it so important?
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Just an ole heap o' stone,
dialog: boss.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: It's more than that, Bennie,
dialog: I know it's more. Somehow
dialog: it's connected.
text: He slumps into a chair with frustration.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (reflecting)
dialog: Maybe there's a way you can
dialog: get your memory back.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: How? What? Where? When?
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: A bit of Martian Wisdom.
dialog: We're not all stupid
dialog: colonists.
scene_heading: 99 EXT. CITY - NIGHT
text: Bennie, Quail and Melina are walking in a crowded area
text: of town. Water sellers and food stalls are everywhere.
text: An ARMORED LOUDSPEAKER VEHICLE appears, broadcasting to
text: the crowd. It is also swinging a powerful searchlight
text: along the footpaths and streets.
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: ...all residents are to
dialog: report to their nearest
dialog: space-travel agent within
dialog: twelve hours, all residents
dialog: will be departing on shuttles
dialog: within twenty-four hours. Air
dialog: and water supplies will be cut
dialog: off at that time. I repeat...
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: He's doing it!
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: What? Why?
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: Clearing everyone out! It's
dialog: been rumored for months...
text: The searchlight approaches Bennie, Quail and Melina. Bennie
text: ducks into a doorway, while Quail grabs Melina and kisses
text: her passionately. The light sees only the back of his head.
text: She responds warmly to his kiss.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Wow. I can see why I was
dialog: willing to betray E.I.O.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: I though you believed in
dialog: our cause?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Yes. Of course. That, too.
text: They move into the crowd. The message on the
text: loudspeaker is repeated.
scene_heading: 101 INT. KUATO'S SANCTUARY - NIGHT
text: The interior of the room is an amazing contrast to its
text: ghetto exterior. The decor is a baroque combination of
dialog: Middle Eastern opulence and 21st century flash. It looks
dialog: like something out of "The Arabian Nights".
text: A man enters from another room. Although the man's features
dialog: are East Indian, he is very much a Peter Lorre type; he
text: wears a small fez cap and a white linen robe with a cowl
text: draped around the back of his neck.
speaker_heading: STRANGE MAN
dialog: (nodding to
dialog: Quail)
dialog: Your servant, Fahreem Kuato.
dialog: I greet you by the
dialog: twenty-seven names that still
dialog: remain, praying that you cast
dialog: jewels into the darkness and
dialog: given them to glow with the
dialog: colors of life.
text: As Kuato speaks, Quail, unimpressed, talks, sotto voce,
dialog: to Melina.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: What use is this weirdo?
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: Ssssh...there are skills on
dialog: mars that Earth has forgotten.
speaker_heading: KUATO
dialog: No need to introduce yourself,
dialog: Mr. Quail.
dialog: (smiles at Quail's
dialog: surprise)
dialog: Tolerate my presumption, but
dialog: it does not tax my powers to
dialog: know that you are the most
dialog: sought-after man on two
dialog: worlds.
text: From the street the sound of loudspeakers giving information
text: about Quail and Co. can be heard. Searchlight beams
text: occasionally sweep past the windows.
speaker_heading: KUATO
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: This way, my dear man. We
dialog: have much to accomplish --
dialog: (ominously)
dialog: -- and very little time.
scene_heading: 102 INT. KUATO'S INNER SANCTUM - NIGHT
text: A Bysantine salon filled with enormous Oriental pillows.
text: (NOTE: In the scenes inside Kuato's sanctum, the loudspeaker
text: vans in the outside streets can be heard from time to
dialog: to time. They are repeating the evacuation message
dialog: from scene 99, but alternating it with a call for the
dialog: apprehension of Quail and Melina...
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: ...for information leading to
dialog: these arrests, first-class
dialog: travel to Earth will be
dialog: provided plus a weekend at
dialog: the Leningrad Disneyworld,
dialog: all expenses paid. I repeat,
dialog: an Oriental girl and Earthman,
dialog: possibly to be found in the
dialog: company of a black taxi driver.
dialog: These are dangerous subversives
dialog: and sworn enemies of the
dialog: glorious Peoples Republic of
dialog: Mars...)
speaker_heading: KUATO
dialog: The turbulence you hear
dialog: outside is but a reflection
dialog: of the turmoil within you.
dialog: You have brought it to Mars
dialog: in your search for yourself.
text: Kuato takes a seat on the pillows, invites the others to
text: join him. Quail hesitates.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: And you're going to help me
dialog: by reading my mind?
speaker_heading: KUATO
dialog: Indubitably. There is only
dialog: small matter of a fee.
scene_heading: THREE RESPONSES COME TOGETHER.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: A fee!
speaker_heading: KAUTO
dialog: Naturally.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: This is for our cause!
speaker_heading: KUATO
dialog: (soothingly)
dialog: Income before ideals. Shall
dialog: we say five-hundred-thousand
dialog: dollars?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: Five-hundred-thousand Martian
dialog: dollars, that's...
dialog: (think,
dialog: calculating the
dialog: exchange rate)
speaker_heading: KUATO
dialog: Not Martian dollars, Mr.
dialog: Quail - Earth dollars.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: That's interplanetary robbery!
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: With today's exchange rate...
dialog: that's over two million
dialog: Martian dollars!
speaker_heading: KUATO
dialog: (suave)
dialog: What price do you put, Mr.
dialog: Quail, on the future of the
dialog: solar system?
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Aw, come off it, man. Just
dialog: for a bit of mumbo-jumbo
dialog: with a crystal ball.
speaker_heading: KUATO
dialog: (his manner
dialog: slipping)
dialog: Listen, buster, we're talking
dialog: heavy stuff here. You try
dialog: and work out what's with this
dialog: guy!
text: He jerks his thumb toward Quail.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Okay! Okay! I'll pay it,
dialog: but the Interstellar Trade
dialog: Practices Commission might
dialog: be interested in this.
text: Everyone calms down.
text: Kuato smiles. He extinguishes all the lights save one
text: small blue one, which illuminates the room eerily, like
dialog: a seance.
speaker_heading: KUATO
dialog: Retrieving the past is like
dialog: walking backwards along a
dialog: perilous road. The
dialog: half-recalled, the
dialog: half-forgotten, the repressed,
dialog: the fantasies, the triumphs,
dialog: joys, failures, betrayals...
text: He closes his eyes and concentrates.
speaker_heading: KUATO
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Yes... I can feel it... a
dialog: wall. Erasure techniques are
dialog: so brutal.
dialog: (frowns; scans
dialog: harder)
dialog: Blocks. Side channels.
dialog: Future and past all jumbled.
dialog: I shall have to enter deep
dialog: trance to break through.
dialog: (rising)
dialog: I will be scanning you through
dialog: the Oracle Head.
text: Kauto turns around and sits down with back toward Quail.
text: He reaches up and lowers his cowl, REVEALING:
text: A TINY LITTLE HEAD GROWING OUT OF THE BACK OF HIS NECK!
text: The head's eyes are closed in sleep. It is utterly hairless
dialog: and looks like one of those dolls made from dried apples; a
text: shriveled, ancient-looking yellow little ball.
text: The LITTLE FACE TWITCHED, YAWNS and OPENS ITS EYES, BLINKS.
text: It looks at Melina, then at Quail.
text: It opens its toothless little mouth and SPEAKS.
speaker_heading: ORACLE HEAD
dialog: Do not fear me. I need your
dialog: openness...
scene_heading: ZOOM IN ON QUAIL'S EYES.
speaker_heading: ORACLE HEAD
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Open you thoughts to my
dialog: presence...
scene_heading: CONTINUE ZOOM UNTIL ENTIRE FRAME is filled by QUAIL'S EYE.
speaker_heading: ORACLE HEAD
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Open...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: BLACKNESS BROKEN BY PULSES OF WHITE LIGHT
dialog: The alternations between dark (ACTION) and white (LIGHT)
dialog: are RHYTHMICAL so as to create a hypnotic, dream-like
dialog: feeling.
speaker_heading: 103 WHITE LIGHT
text: Fades to reveal a dramatic CLOSE UP of the SPHINX. We see
text: its face, shoulders and behind it the red Martian sky --
speaker_heading: 103A PULL BACK
text: to reveal the Sphinx is a PROJECTION on a screen in a
text: windowless briefing room. Quail is seated across from
text: Cohaagen and other SENIOR E.I.O. OFFICERS. On the walls
dialog: are numerous satellite photos, recon maps and excavation
dialog: drawings -- all relating to the Sphinx.
scene_heading: 107 EXT. MARTIAN SPHINX - SUNSET
text: Scaffolding and excavation works cover a wall of the Sphinx;
text: the Sphinx's huge CARVED FACE visible in the background.
text: Quail and several other E.I.O. agents stand poised, wearing
dialog: breathing masks and protective gear, as a powerful
text: excavation device prizes back a huge stone, revealing
text: an ENTRANCE TO SOME KIND OF HIDDEN CHAMBER.
dialog: The other agents are fearful, don't want to proceed. Quail
dialog: ignores them, enters the chamber --
speaker_heading: 107A CLOSE - QUAIL'S FACE
text: As he enters. We read awe, shock and fascination on his
text: features. He approaches something we can't see. His
text: hand reaches out.
text: Suddenly, a bolt of incredible powerful energy flashes out,
text: striking Quail like a bolt of lightning.
speaker_heading: WHITE LIGHT.
scene_heading: 105 INT. LAST CHANCE SALOON - NIGHT
text: Quail and Melina are dancing. The faceted mirror ball on
dialog: the ceiling become the --
speaker_heading: WHITE LIGHT.
scene_heading: 106 INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: Melina watches from the bed as Quail dresses. She rises,
text: with only the sheet around her, tries desperately to make
text: Quail stay. Plainly he wants to, but he can't. They kiss
text: lingeringly; then Quail, as if "called to duty," exits.
speaker_heading: WHITE LIGHT.
scene_heading: 108 INT. DETENTION CELL - WINDOWLESS
text: Quail alone, hands bound, in a holding chamber. Suddenly,
text: the door opens and THREE BEEFY E.I.O. AGENTS enter. They
text: grab Quail to haul him out. Quail battles them with
text: amazing skill and resourcefulness. With his bound hands
text: he SLUGS ONE MAN, hurling him into a wall; he RABBIT-
text: PUNCHES a second man with a two-handed blow and KNOCKS
text: HIM UNCONSCIOUS. The third man sneaks around behind
text: Quail and DROPS HIM WITH A BLACKJACK to the back of the
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: WHITE LIGHT.
scene_heading: 109 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - WINDOWLESS
text: Quail on his back, all four limbs pinned by some futuristic
text: version of "the rack," his head held imobile by a FEARSOME
dialog: DEVICE similar to the one we glimpsed on Earth, in the van
text: the two agents tried to shove him into.
text: Several DOCTORS stand over him. INTO FRAME moves...
dialog: Cohaagen!
text: Cohaagen orders the doctors to attach electrodes to PROBES
text: already inserted into Quail's brain. As they turn up the
text: power, Quail's face contorts in a grimace of agony --
speaker_heading: ORACLE HEAD'S VOICE
dialog: You have seen your past.
dialog: Now read the future...
speaker_heading: WHITE LIGHT.
scene_heading: 110 INT. SURREAL TUNNEL - DAY OR NIGHT
text: The same scene we saw during the film's OPENING SEQUENCE.
text: A man wearing a LIGHT-WEIGHT THERMAL SUIT races through a
text: LABYRINTH OF TUNNELS. The GROUND TREMBLES beneath him, as
text: if in an earthquake. EXPLOSIONS rumble deep in the ground
text: below him. Suddenly we realize -- the man is Quail
speaker_heading: INSERT - CLOSE - QUAIL
text: He throws a backward glance over his shoulder, fearfully,
text: as he runs. Suddenly a BRILLIANT WHITE LIGHT floods in
text: from ahead of him; he puts up his hands to protect his
text: eyes -- and sees his hands are SPLATTERED WITH BLOOD!
text: Quail runs even faster -- ahead the BRILLIANT LIGHT seems
text: to promise safety. He battles toward it. SOUNDS OF
text: EXPLOSIONS increase, building urgency. Up ahead, emerging
text: from the light, HANDS REACH OUT TO HELP QUAIL. He seems
text: almost to safety. But just as he REACHES THE HANDS --
text: TWO GUNSHOTS RING OUT!
speaker_heading: SHOCK CUT TO:
scene_heading: 111 INT. KUATO'S INNER SANCTUM - NIGHT
text: Quail awakens with a jolt. White as a sheet... sweating
dialog: like he's just run ten miles. Then: a transformation
text: seems to come over him. He LOOKS -- and SEES:
text: KUATO slumped across the cushions -- MELINA beside Kuato --
text: BENNIE standing holding a smoking GUN trained on Kuato.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (rushes to Quail)
dialog: Charles! Are you all right?
text: Quail stares at her, as if an entire bank of lost memories
dialog: were suddenly clicking back into place --
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: He kept dragging you deeper
dialog: and deeper into the trance!
dialog: We couldn't wake either of
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: You stopped breathing!
text: Quail gives Bennie that same eerie look, then turns to
text: Kuato, who is sprawled motionless across the pillows, a
text: curl of smoke rising from two entry wounds in his spine.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Why did you kill him? It
dialog: was the next bit I really...
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: No choice, boss. It was him
dialog: or you.
text: Quail lunges across the pillows to Kuato's unbreathing
text: form. Quail shakes the ancient mystic, trying to find a
dialog: last flicker of life.
text: Kuato's body is dead white. Quail releases his grip;
dialog: he about to give up when --
text: A MUFFLED CHOCKED SOUND comes from behind Kuato's neck.
dialog: It's the Oracle Head! Quail instantly rolls Kuato's body
dialog: over. The Head is still alive!
text: Quail bends closer, kneeling.
speaker_heading: ORACLE HEAD
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: -- the vengence you seek...
dialog: and the salvation of Mars...
dialog: are waiting for you in the
dialog: crown of the Sphinx.
dialog: (sags, gasping)
text: The Oracle Head lets out a LONG SIGH and goes limp, a
text: small trickle of blood oozing from the corner of its
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Phobos and Demos! What was
dialog: that all about?
text: Quail ignores him, still kneeling -- deep in thought --
dialog: over the Oracle Head.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: Are you okay?... Charles?
dialog: Doug? Whoever?
text: Quail reaches out and closes the Oracle Head's tiny
text: eyelids. Melina and Bennie exchange a glance. Then:
speaker_heading: QUAIL
text: Stands. For a moment his back is to Melina and Bennie.
text: Then he turns.
text: He has become a different man. His eyes gleam. He is
text: forceful, purposeful, contained. Once again the ace E.I.O.
dialog: agent. Melina senses immediately that this is the man she
dialog: knew before
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (even his voice
dialog: has changed)
dialog: I'm fine... only I'm not
dialog: Doug -- I'm Charles Hauser...
dialog: and I know everything Hauser
dialog: knew.
dialog: He turns to Bennie
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Bennie, where's your depot?
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: (working it out)
dialog: Well... you go outta here...
dialog: take a left, then down past
dialog: the first... no second...
dialog: water bureau you...
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (briskly)
dialog: Can you get us there?
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: But why?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: We're going to the Sphinx.
text: He strides off. The others follow, still full of questions.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Impossible, man. Guards
dialog: everywhere.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: The Oracle... what did you
dialog: learn?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Only everything. I've got
dialog: total recall.
text: They are now heading down the stairs toward the street.
scene_heading: 114 EXT. STREET - EARLY MORNING
text: Quail, Melina and Bennie make their way through the crowds
text: to Bennie's depot. The streets are even busier then before -
text: people are now beginning to evacuate the city. Everyone is
dialog: carrying their possessions - bundles, suitcases, pets, etc.,
text: etc. The loudspeaker vans are still touring and broad-
dialog: casting the same message.
text: Bennie indicates a building on their left.
scene_heading: 115 INT. CAR POOL - EARLY MORNING
text: Bennie and Melina follow Quail as he walks up and down the
text: rows of vehicles in the vast building. There are bull-
dialog: dozers and ore haulers as well as solar taxis.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: We'll never get near the
dialog: Sphinx! They'll blow us
dialog: apart!
text: Quail ignores him as he continues to mumble to himself.
text: He rapidly but carefully inspects each vehicle as they
text: pass. Camera tracks rapidly with them.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: What are we doing, Charles?
dialog: For God's sake, tell us.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: The Sphinx... it's not some
dialog: useless artifact, it's a
dialog: machine built by some alien
dialog: race eighteen millions years
dialog: ago. The same race that
dialog: built the on one Earth...
dialog: for the same purpose.
text: He stops in front of a large, odd-shaped vehicle with a
text: large scoop or propeller on the front.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: This is what we need.
text: He begins to climb in; the others follow.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: (referring to the
dialog: Sphinx)
dialog: It's a hunk of old stone,
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (ditto)
dialog: Purpose? What purpose?
text: Bennie starts the engine.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Come on, Bennie, move it.
dialog: (then, to Melina)
dialog: Have you heard the word,
dialog: "terriform"?
text: Melina shakes her head. The vehicle moves off.
scene_heading: 115A EXT. AIR LOCK - MORNING
dialog: GUARDS are carefully checking every vehicle leaving the
dialog: city, though this has to be done fairly rapidly because
dialog: of the inhabitants leaving for the Space Ports.
text: The vehicle with Bennie, Quail and Melina arrives.
scene_heading: 115B INT. VEHICLE - AIR LOCK - MORNING
text: Bennie is nervous. Melina and Quail are in the back, but
text: cannot be seen. Guards are checking all vehicles exiting,
dialog: looking for Quail and Melina.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: (calling to
dialog: Guards)
dialog: Just deliverin' some old junk
dialog: to the mine out at Apidalia
dialog: Planitia. Got them people
dialog: you're lookin' for in the
dialog: back as well.
text: The Guards laugh and signal him on.
dialog: Once through the second door of the air lock (i.e. to the
dialog: area outside the city), Quail and Melina emerge and sit
text: up on the rear seats.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: The machine in the Sphinx is
dialog: tapped straight down to the
dialog: molten core of this planet.
dialog: There are tunnels and ducts
dialog: everywhere, all powered by
dialog: fusion generators...
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: You sure the little man
dialog: didn't fry your brain, Quail?
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: For what? To do what?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: To combine elements in the
dialog: Martian core and release
dialog: them as oxygen, hydrogen
dialog: and nitrogen.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: That's air!
scene_heading: 116B EXT. DESERT - MORNING
text: In a wide shot, the vehicle is traversing the desert. The
text: domed city is some distance in the background. Voices are
text: heard in false perspective. Emphasis is on the dry and
dialog: hostile natural landscape of Mars.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: That's right. Air and water.
dialog: Terriforming will create a
dialog: permanent livable environment
dialog: for Mars. No more pressurized
dialog: cities, no more containers in
dialog: the desert. There'll be
dialog: rivers, vegetation - life -
dialog: the same as Earth.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (baffled)
dialog: So why is Cohaagen shipping
dialog: everyone out?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Don't you see?! From being
text: a pile of red dirt with
dialog: minerals, Mars is going to
dialog: change into a chunk of
dialog: priceless real estate.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: And Cohaagen's going to own
dialog: it all!
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Right! He can start selling
dialog: it off to well-heeled investors
dialog: from Earth. Beach condos, ski
dialog: resorts, you name it.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: No wonder he wanted you to...
dialog: penetrate... out group.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Once word of this gets out,
dialog: the whole planet will support
dialog: you.
scene_heading: 117 EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: The vehicle is now approaching the Sphinx. Both it and
text: the pyramids can be seen some distance away.
text: Voice are heard in CU perspective.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: So what can we do?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Ruin his little scheme by
dialog: terriforming ahead of
dialog: schedule - while the
dialog: inhabitants are still here.
dialog: Melina is amazed.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: But who'll work the machine?
dialog: Do you know how?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I'm the only one who does.
dialog: Why do you think Cohaagen's
dialog: left me alone all this time?
scene_heading: 118 EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: The vehicle is even closer to the Sphinx.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I was the first one inside
dialog: when they cracked the riddle
dialog: of the Sphinx. It must've
dialog: been programmed. Some kind
dialog: of...force...shot into me.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: But Cohaagen wiped your
dialog: memory!!!
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (smoothly)
dialog: Just a way of putting me on
dialog: ice. He'd of reversed it
dialog: once the planet was evacuated.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Man! This is real complicated.
dialog: Go over it again, real slow.
scene_heading: 119 INT. VEHICLE - DAY
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (ignoring Bennie's
dialog: aside)
dialog: What he hadn't counted on was
dialog: your effect on me.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: And all without the marvels
dialog: of modern science!
text: Quail looks out the back window, his attention attracted
text: by two patrol vehicles. They are some distance away, but
dialog: approaching steadily.
scene_heading: 119A EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: A wide shot shows a total of four patrol vehicles approach-
text: ing the vehicle with Quail, Melina and Bennie. Suddenly,
dialog: it stops moving.
scene_heading: 120 INT. VEHICLE - DAY
dialog: The vehicle had just stopped.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Bennie, don't stop now, take
dialog: it...
text: He turns to see Bennie is covering him and Melina with a
dialog: pistol.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: You bastard.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Like I said. It's a tough
dialog: planet. I'm a baddie, not
dialog: a goodie.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: I should have known, you
dialog: were just too helpful.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: EIO Rule One, man. Trust
dialog: Nobody. Now you can do
dialog: your terriforming stuff
dialog: right when those space
text: shuttles are gone.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: But what about the Martian
dialog: people? Out cause? I thought
dialog: you believed in it.
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: Your cause? That bunch of
dialog: dead beat radicals! When I
dialog: hand in this little number...
dialog: (flicks his gun
dialog: in Quail's face)
dialog: ...I'll get real estate rights
dialog: on the whole of Chryse
dialog: Planitia...
text: At that instant, Melina lunges, PUNCHES A RED EMERGENCY
text: BUTTON. The VENT beside Bennie's hand BLOWS OPEN, [causing]
text: a powerful suction caused by Mars's vacuum atmosphere.
text: Bennie's gun hand is PLANTED AGAINST THE VENT [OPENING.]
text: Simultaneously, the air in the vehicle starts rushing out!
text: All three parties begin choking. As Bennie's mechanical
text: hand claws for the lever that seals the vent, Quail has
text: a moment to jump him. He pounds Bennie's gun hand, the
text: PISTOL IS SUCKED, CLATTERING, OUT THE VENT!
text: Quail delivers a roundhouse punch to Bennie, knocking him
text: clear across the bus.
text: Melina seals the vent, REPRESSURIZES THE CABIN.
text: Bennie gets up off the floor, shaking off Quail's punch--
scene_heading: 121 EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: The E.I.O. vehicle are a half mile off -- and closing in.
scene_heading: 122 INT. SAND MOLE - DAY
text: Quail glances at the vehicles, turns to Bennie -- ready
text: to jump him. But stops short at what he sees Bennie doing.
text: Bennie is clipping on his MECHANICAL ARM. It sprouts
text: several rows of vicious-looking STEEL BLADES --
speaker_heading: BENNIE
dialog: This makes Bennie a cut above
dialog: anyone else.
text: Bennie presses another button and the BLADES START SPINNING.
text: Bennie's mechanical arm is in effect now a BUZZ SAW!
text: The fight begins. Bennie attacks Quail with his buzz-saw
text: arm; Quail dodges. Bennie's arm shreds various articles
text: in the cabin -- and keeps Melina at bay with well-timed
text: swipes. Finally Bennie gets in a roundhouse punch to
text: Quail's jaw with his real hand. Quail sprawls, dazed.
text: Now Bennie goes for the kill. But Melina leaps onto him.
text: Bennie grabs her by the hair and moves his SPINNING HAND
text: in for the quick kill. Melina clutches the terrifying
text: appendage with both hands, desperately keeping it at bay.
text: But her strength is no match for Bennie; the whirring
dialog: blades are just about to bite into Melina's neck when --
text: Quail comes back, lands a ferocious rabbit punch to
text: Bennie's spine. Quail lunges at him, grabs the blade
text: weapon; he and Bennie crash into the cabin wall and --
text: The BLADE RIPS CLEAR THROUGH THE MOLE'S WALL! Alarms
text: sound as a GAPING HOLE IS BLOWN IN THE SIDE OF THE
text: CABIN! ALL THE AIR IS SUCKED OUT BY MARS'S EXTERNAL
speaker_heading: VACUUM!
dialog: Now no one can breathe. They all claw for their masks,
text: [still] in place. Bennie is first; he recovers, lunges
text: with his SPINNING ARM for Quail. Quail barely dodges,
text: grabs the arm, muscles it back toward Bennie --
text: The SPINNING BLADES SEVER BENNIE'S OWN OXYGEN LINE! Gasp-
text: ing, he falters. Quail aims a titanic blow, PUNCHES
text: BENNIE out through the hole in the mole's wall!
text: Quail and Melina, masks on, stare out as Bennie claws
text: desperately at his severed air line. The Martian vacuum
text: pulls the oxygen from Bennie's lungs, he chokes, staggers --
scene_heading: 122AA EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: Bennie is beside the vehicle. He implodes like a balloon
dialog: with all its air gone.
scene_heading: 122AB INT/EXT. VEHICLE - DAY
text: Melina hides her face in horror. At that instant --
scene_heading: 122A EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: Bullets dig into the sand all around the vehicle. The
text: patrol cars are only a few hundred yards away! Loud-
dialog: speakers call for Quail's surrender.
scene_heading: 122B INT. VEHICLE - DAY
text: Quail lunges for the vehicle controls. Presses a button
text: marked "Dive". The vehicle tilts.
scene_heading: 122C EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: The vehicle burrows powerfully into the sand. As the
text: patrol cars close in and rake the desert with gunfire,
text: the vehicle vanishes from sight. In the distance, the
text: Sphinx looms ominously.
text: A driver in one of the patrol vehicles (filmed from outside
text: the windscreen) is speaking into a microphone. He can't
text: be heard but can only be radioing a report.
scene_heading: 123 INT. SAND MOLE - MOVING - UNDERGROUND
text: The little mining vehicle moves powerfully, propelled by
speaker_heading: its BORER NOSE.
text: Quail mans the controls while Melina struggles to shore up
text: the gaping hole in the side, into which SAND is POURING
text: as the mole moves forward. Quail looks at a compass in
text: the control panel. He makes a correction.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (shouts over
dialog: engine noise)
dialog: Hope I've got this direction
dialog: right.
text: Sand pours over him from bullet holes resulting from the
dialog: encounter with patrol cars.
text: CU speedometer: 22 MPH. Every other gauge is overheating,
speaker_heading: flashing WARNING LIGHTS --
scene_heading: 124 INT. SPHINX CONTROL ROOM - DAY
dialog: Cohaagen and a number of his associates, plus scientists
text: and heavily arms troops are present.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: The air supply is off under
dialog: the domes?
speaker_heading: EMILE
dialog: Yes, sir. In a couple of
dialog: hours it'll be all gone.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: Any trouble with the rabble?
speaker_heading: EMILE
dialog: Not much, sir. A lot of
dialog: complaining. But they're
dialog: all heading towards the
dialog: shuttle areas.
text: On some of the video screens a number of space shuttles
text: can be seen, ready for departure to Earth.
scene_heading: 123 INT. TUNNEL BENEATH SPHINX
text: The Mole bores through a sand wall, emerges into a cramped
text: horizontal tunnel. Quail and Melina leap out. The poor
text: Mole is smoking like an overheated drill bit. Its nose
dialog: is worn to a nub.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: We got in with this thing,
dialog: but we'll never get back out.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: A shame. Such a pleasant
dialog: trip.
text: There's a lighted area at the end of the tunnel. Quail
text: and Melina hurry toward it, moving silently, close to
dialog: the wall.
scene_heading: 126B INT. MAIN DOWNSHAFT
text: They draw up an abyss -- where their tunnel intersects the
text: MAIN DOWNSHAFT. Melina gasps at the colossal scale of the
text: drilling, hundreds of yards across, deeper than the eye
text: can see, and crisscrossed by catwalks, buttresses and
dialog: super-sophisticated technology.
text: Quail and Melina are forty feet below the upper end of
text: the main downshaft. They can look up the shaft and
text: see the first interior level of the Sphinx itself.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (points down
dialog: shaft)
dialog: This is the main tap --
dialog: straight down to the core
dialog: of Mars. When we trigger
dialog: the mechanism, fusion
dialog: reactors will detonate down
dialog: there -- four hundred miles
dialog: deep.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: Remind me not to slip.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: The new elements will come
dialog: booming up through this
dialog: shaft -- and six thousand
dialog: others all around the
dialog: planet.
text: He's right at home -- and full of confidence.
text: Quail climbs onto the ladder, which links various top
dialog: levels.
text: He starts to climb. Melina follows him. They are tiny
text: figures. The space around them plummets down to infinity.
scene_heading: 127 INT. CORRIDOR AT TOP OF SHAFT - LOWEST MANNED LEVEL (LEVEL ONE)
text: A patrol of NINE HEAVILY-ARMED GUARDS appear from a corridor
dialog: in Level One -- directly above where Quail and Melina are
dialog: climbing.
text: 128 ON THE WALL OF THE SHAFT
text: Quail and Melina's heads inch into view at floor level.
dialog: They take one peek at these formidable warriors and duck
text: back swiftly out of sight.
scene_heading: 129 INT. TOP OF SHAFT - LOWEST MANNED LEVEL (LEVEL ONE)
speaker_heading: GUARD LEADER
dialog: (to two of his
dialog: men)
dialog: Stay in contact. I want to
dialog: hear from this checkpoint
dialog: every four minutes.
text: Seven of the Guards move off, two remain in position.
text: We HEAR the FOOTSTEPS of the seven guards recede.
text: The two remaining guards realize their isolation; they
text: glance tensely to one another.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Did you hear something?
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: No. Where?
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Over there.
text: The First Guard points to the edge of the main shaft --
text: right where Quail and Melina are hiding. The Guards
text: cock their weapons, start cautiously forward. Just as
text: they're about to peer over the brink, guns at the
dialog: ready:
speaker_heading: QUAIL'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: (from behind the
dialog: guards)
dialog: I'm not there, boys. I'm
dialog: here.
text: The guards spin around, weapons poised. Standing in the
text: shadows, near the corridor, is Quail! (Still with no
dialog: gun)
text: Both guards walk quickly toward Quail, covering him with
dialog: their weapons.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: (to Guard #2)
dialog: Watch him. He was EIO trained.
dialog: They're all full of tricks.
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: Yeah? Like...who was that
dialog: guy? -- Fred Bond??
dialog: (to Quail)
dialog: Keep 'em up, Fred, keep 'em
dialog: up.
text: Quail has his arms raised high. Just as the Guards reach
text: him, he fizzes electronically, emitting a humming sound,
dialog: then disappears.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: A hologram!
text: Before either Guard can react, the real Quail appears --
text: one foot behind them. With two LIGHTNING BLOWS, he
dialog: dispatches the Guards. (Apparently Quail has climbed out
dialog: of the shaft while the Guards were distracted.)
text: Quail snatches both Guards' weapons, grenades and ammo
text: belts. Melina climbs out of the shaft. Quail tosses her
text: one of the Guard's guns.
scene_heading: 130 INT. CORRIDOR - LEVEL ONE
text: ALARMS go off everywhere. Quail -- carrying a gun and all
text: the grenades and ammo belts -- and Melina (just carrying a
text: gun) bolt down a corridor past a sign: "LEVEL ONE".
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (running)
dialog: Where'd you get that little
dialog: trick?
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (running)
dialog: Mail-order company. It's a
dialog: great one for fooling the
dialog: wife.
scene_heading: 131 INT. CONTROL ROOM (LEVEL THIRTEEN)
dialog: Cohaagen and his Aides hear the ALARMS, see Quail and
text: Melina on MONITORS as they race down the corridor on
dialog: Level One.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: How the hell did they get in?
speaker_heading: SECURITY AIDE
dialog: Up the fusion core.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: Up the fusion core??
text: He exhibits begrudging admiration for Quail.
speaker_heading: SECURITY AIDE
dialog: (studies monitor
dialog: more carefully)
dialog: They're on Level One.
text: A wall sign behind Cohaagen reads: "LEVEL THIRTEEN".
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: Seal all upper levels.
text: A button is pressed and huge doors slide across in front
text: of the formidable doors already closing the Control Room
text: off from the outside corridors.
scene_heading: 133 INT. LEVEL ONE CORRIDOR
text: Quail and Melina are still racing through the corridors.
text: He passes her a fresh ammo belt.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (indicates
dialog: weapons)
dialog: Know how to use one of these?
text: Melina expertly ejects her spent clip (that Guards fired
text: at Quail), slams in a fresh clip and cocks the gun.
dialog: Quail has a half-second to react, impressed, then --
text: FOUR GUARDS pound into view at the end of the corridor.
text: Melina opens fire, nails two. Quail heaves a grenade; as
text: it EXPLODES, he and Melina bolt down a side corridor --
scene_heading: 134 INT. VARIOUS CORRIDORS, CATWALKS, STAIRS
text: ALARMS continue as Quail and Melina dash down the side
text: passageway. MORE GUARDS cut them off; Melina's machine
dialog: gun sends them scattering --
text: Quail pauses at a corner. He looks around quickly and sees
text: that an elevator is arriving. He motions Melina back. The
text: doors of the elevator begin to open. Very quickly, Quail
text: bobs his head and arm around the corner. He calls out,
dialog: loudly...
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Catch!
text: He hurls something toward the armed men in the elevator.
text: Instinctively one of them reaches for the thrown object.
text: It is an explosive device of some sort. Quail and Melina
text: press themselves against the wall just around a corner from
text: the elevator. There is a tremendous explosion.
text: Quail, followed by Melina, rounds a corner. The elevator
text: is in ruins; bodies are scattered everywhere.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: Great stuff, but how do we
dialog: get up?
text: She points toward the upper levels.
scene_heading: 135 INT. CONTROL ROOM (LEVEL THIRTEEN)
text: Melina and Quail can be seen on the security monitor from
text: a high angle. Quail looks up, spots the monitor, and
text: shoots is to pieces. The image on the screen goes black.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: Forget them. We'll pick up
dialog: Quail once the shuttles have
dialog: left for Earth.
speaker_heading: 137 INT. CORRIDOR
text: Quail spots a large WINDOWED AIR LOCK at the end of the
text: corridor. He and Melina race to it. Quail starts to open
text: the inner door of the air lock.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: If you're afraid of the
dialog: heights, you better get
dialog: over it real quick.
text: He is pulling Melina through the inner air lock door just
dialog: as --
text: GUARDS stampede around the corner of the corridor toward
dialog: them.
text: Quail is out of sight, but they see Melina poised near the
text: window. She waves and smiles to them, hiding her gun behind
text: her body. They slow down and approach less cautiously,
text: beguiled by her manner and attractiveness. As they get
text: close, she suddenly lifts her gun and opens fire, mowing
dialog: them down.
scene_heading: 140 EXT. SPHINX'S FACE - DAY
text: Quail and Melina climb through the outer air lock door.
text: They are at the Sphinx's shoulder, with a dizzying drop
text: beneath them. Melina looks down. She's sorry she did:
text: the fall is at least 200 feet. (Both are wearing their
dialog: breathing apparatus.)
text: Quail and Melina start to climb. Up the Sphinx's shoulder,
dialog: along its Egyptian-like headdress --
scene_heading: 141 INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY
text: Cohaagen's chief aide, Emile, addresses him quietly.
speaker_heading: EMILE
dialog: If Quail's the only one who
dialog: can operate all this...
dialog: (gestures toward
dialog: Sphinx's controls)
dialog: ...then he can call all the
dialog: shots.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: We'll tell him the computer's
dialog: worked out the operational
dialog: details so we don't really
dialog: need him. We're just doing
dialog: him a favor.
speaker_heading: EMILE
dialog: And if that doesn't work?
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: We offer him rewards.
speaker_heading: EMILE
dialog: What if that doesn't work?
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: We'll torture him. You don't
dialog: think I got this far by being
dialog: a nice guy?
scene_heading: 142 EXT. SPHINX'S FACE - DAY
text: Quail and Melina traverse across the cheekbones, haul
text: themselves up at the base of the red translucent eyes --
scene_heading: 142A INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY
text: The video monitors show the space shuttles. An operator,
text: with earphones, turns to Cohaagen.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: First of the shuttles ready
dialog: for departure, sir. Two
dialog: minute countdown.
scene_heading: 142B EXT. SPHINX - DAY
text: Quail jams THREE GRENADES against the glass of the eyes,
text: pulls Melina back behind the stone cheeks --
scene_heading: 143 INT. SPHINX CONTROL ROOM
text: A MUFFLED EXPLOSION (due to the thin Martian atmosphere)
text: detonates overhead. THE SPHINX'S RIGHT EYE BLOWS IN a
text: storm of shards and shrapnell.
text: Instantly, the room turns into a hurricane as the Martian
text: vacuum sucks out all air! Everyone panics, grabbing their
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: Seal the breach! Repressurize!
text: An aide dives for an EMERGENCY SWITCH. But now --
text: Quail and Melina, wearing breather masks, bursts in onto
text: an overhead catwalk. They OPEN FIRE on the Guards, who are
text: choking, struggling with their masks.
text: An EMERGENCY PRESSURE SEAL powers into place, sealing the
text: breach in the eye. REPRESSURIZATION comes up, the internal
dialog: atmosphere stabilizes --
text: None of the men inside the control room still moves. The
text: victors tug off their masks, spring down to the main level.
text: Melina hurries to the main control panel.
text: Melina looks towards the video monitors showing half a
text: dozen huge space shuttles lined up for departure.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: Those shuttles are starting up
dialog: any minute. If you know how
dialog: to work this thing, you better
dialog: do it now.
text: Quail tentatively approaches the imposingly complex
dialog: machinery.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Yes...
dialog: He hesitates.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: Don't you know how?
text: Transfixed, mesmerized, Quail moves closer to the control
dialog: panel.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Yes... there's a vital
dialog: connection missing...
text: He approaches even closer. He begins to raise his arm
text: towards a blank area a little above his head.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...me...
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: Wait!
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: Don't wait!
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: If you activate the mechanism
dialog: you'll die...there were
dialog: glimpses of it in your
dialog: memory.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Wrong, Cohaagen, there's a
dialog: long tunnel, a brilliant
dialog: white light, hands reaching
dialog: for me...
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: (assured)
dialog: That's your death. That's
dialog: what it looks like. That's
dialog: what is always looks like.
text: Quail looks around him, half-convinced.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: (looking toward
dialog: space shuttles
dialog: on video screens)
dialog: Charles - for Mars's sake....
text: Quail hesitates. He looks from Melina to Cohaagen.
speaker_heading: COHAAGEN
dialog: It's not too late. Join us
dialog: again. U've a lot to offer.
dialog: A whole world.
text: Quail continues to look at him, thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: You don't deserve a new world,
dialog: you and people like you made
dialog: too big a mess of the old one.
dialog: Time someone else had a
dialog: chance.
text: He turns back to the machine and slowly raises his arm
text: again. His fingers reach towards the blank section on
text: the panel. Slowly, through the panel, a luminous hand
text: reaches toward Quail's fingers. Gently, the fingers of
dialog: the two hands touch.
text: The entire control room begins to rumble and shudder. As
text: Quail reaches for Melina, Cohaagen suddenly dives on him.
text: They grapple amid the shuddering Sphinx and can be seen
text: only intermittently as debris crashes around them.
text: The fight ends as Cohaagen is hurled backwards and
text: disappears when a section of floor collapses underneath him.
scene_heading: 144 INT. SURREAL TUNNEL
text: A reprise of the sequence that opened the movie.
text: Quail RUNS THROUGH A LABYRINTH OF TUNNELS. THE GROUND
text: HEAVES BENEATH HIM ... HUGE STONE BLOCKS CRASH DONW ON
text: ALL SIDES! We hear an EXPLOSION and ANOTHER and ANOTHER,
dialog: each one SOUNDING CLOSER than the last --
text: Quail clamps him breathing mask on as he runs. Is this
dialog: his own death? Where is Melina?
dialog: The tunnel walls are just like the ones in Quail's
dialog: original nightmare -- bright reddish-orange, clay and
dialog: quartz.
text: Quail throws a backward glance fearfully over his shoulder.
text: The EXPLOSIONS are closer. Suddenly --
text: Up ahead appears a BRILLIANT WHITE LIGHT. Quail sees it,
dialog: but it only terrifies him more. Is it death he's running
dialog: to? He hurries on with all his strength, but --
text: Just as he nears the white light, HE FALLS. On his knees,
dialog: too weak to move. He struggles --
text: HANDS ARE REACHING OUT TO HIM, from out of the brilliant
dialog: light. Quail stretches for them, just as --
text: A FINAL EXPLOSION blows him forward -- straight into the
text: WHITE LIGHT! The HANDS SEIZE HIM, pull him upward to --
scene_heading: 145 EXT. MARTIAN DESERT - DAY
text: The hands belong to breather-masked MINERS, dismounting
dialog: rapidly from an overloaded transport vehicle which was
text: taking them to the Space Port. Quail looks from them to
text: Melina, who is walking towards the group.
dialog: 
scene_heading: QUAIL'S P.O.V. - MINERS' MASKED FACES
text: The miners' desert garb, shield goggles and breathers add
dialog: to the surreal nightmare quality of Quail's tortured
dialog: perspective --
speaker_heading: BACK TO QUAIL
text: In terror, lost, disoriented totally.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: Am I dying?
speaker_heading: MASKED MINER
dialog: I won't lie to you, pal.
dialog: You are.
speaker_heading: MINER (from Melina's bar)
dialog: I'd say in about forty years...
dialog: (he and others
dialog: help Quail to
dialog: his feet)
dialog: ...come on, we've gotta get
dialog: to the Space Port. That
dialog: Intergalactic Napoleon's
dialog: switched off the air.
speaker_heading: 2ND MINER
dialog: Shippin' us all out. Mars
dialog: is finished.
text: A MINER'S WIFE watches them. She is crying.
text: Quail looks up at the sky. Melina follows his glance.
dialog: So do the others.
text: Slowly, but perceptibly, the color is changing from yellow
dialog: to blue.
speaker_heading: MELINA
dialog: It's happening.
speaker_heading: MINER
dialog: What is it?
text: All the miners are puzzled, apprehensive. Quail reaches
text: toward the one who spoke to him before and pulls off his
text: breathing apparatus. At first the man is shocked, then
text: realizes he can breathe without it. Quail takes off
dialog: his own, then Melina's
text: All the miners watch in amazement. They all remove their
dialog: breathing masks.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: That's just the start. Next
dialog: there'll be rain and growth
dialog: and ... life.
text: Melina embraces him.
speaker_heading: QUAIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Rekall could never have come
dialog: up with anything like this.
text: Melina looks oddly at him, smiling, mysterious.
text: As the sky becomes more and more blue, more of the Miners
text: descend from the bus. Softly at first, then with more and
text: more confidence, they begin singing the Martian National
dialog: Anthem.
text: The music swells. Quail puts his arm around Melina. They
text: both join in the chorus.
text: It reaches an impassioned crescendo as the FRAME FREEZES
text: and the END CREDITS ROLL UP the screen.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
