dialog: 
scene_heading: IMAGINE STORY DEPT.
speaker_heading: TOWER HEIST
dialog: aka
scene_heading: UNTITLED TRUMP HEIST PROJECT
dialog: by
dialog: Adam Cooper & Bill Collage
dialog: Revisions by
dialog: Russell Gewirtz
dialog: Rawson Thurber
dialog: Ted Griffin
dialog: Current Revisions by
dialog: Leslie Dixon
dialog: Revised
dialog: January 28, 2010
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MANHATTAN - DAYBREAK
scene_heading: (and QUEENS, and BROOKLYN, NEWARK, STATEN ISLAND, THE BRONX,
text: HARLEM, and the disappearing corners of Manhattan that under
text: overpasses, or too close to soup kitchens to have become
scene_heading: gentrified). (TITLE SEQUENCE)
text: We'll see A SERIES of SHOTS of the city waking up.
dialog: Except that it’s two cities:
dialog: One, the sparkle-y winner-take-all Manhattan of the movies,
text: “The Apprentice,” and Eva Gabor.
dialog: Two, the get-real Manhattan where the regular people, whose
text: daily sweat makes Sparkle-y Manhattan go, begin their hard-
dialog: working day.
text: Over the beepings/shrillings/radio blarings of various ALARMS
text: we see QUICK CUTS of TENEMENT PIPES shuddering as rusty water
text: spatters onto three squirming kids in a bathtub, being
text: hastily bathed by their bi-racial mother.. to MULTIPLE jets
text: of a WaterWorks shower pummelling the backside of a
text: SUPERMODEL...
text: We see ARMS going into uniform sleeves, to ARMS going into a
text: Dolce & Gabanna chemise... Dr. Scholl’s pads going into
text: sensible shoes... manicured toes going into thousand dollar
text: platforms with six inch heels.
text: We see name tags pinned on front pockets.... bow ties
text: clipped onto collars... to A ROLEX being fastened around a
dialog: man’s wrist... back to...
text: AN OLD GUY (LESTER) sits at the kitchen table of his Lower
text: East Side one bedroom, which has seen no renovation since
text: they put in hot water in the ‘30’s. He is painstakingly
text: SEWING A BUTTON on the sleeve of his DOORMAN’S UNIFORM.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN AND BOROUGHS - DAY
text: VARIOUS SHOTS of the underclasses moving towards their
dialog: jobs... and their overlords perhaps going to work, perhaps
text: not. TENNIS SHOED FEET step down stairs to SUBWAY STATIONS.
text: MAGLI SHOED feet get out of LIMOS. AWNINGS pulled down on
text: VENDOR CARTS... ITALIAN SILK SHADES pulled down so a RICH
text: GIRL can go back to bed. A messenger on a bicycle is grazed
text: by a BMW. The well dressed driver zips down his window,
text: craning his neck -- not to see if the messenger’s okay, but
text: instead to inspect his car for scratches.
text: Towards the gleaming towers of Midtown, the employed
text: underclass is walking, walking...
text: .-. from the other direction walk a couple of CLUBBING RICH
text: KIDS, still in their party clothes, having been out all
dialog: night...
text: +. Hardhats edge around them, just trying to get the hell to
dialog: their jobs..
text: .+.. PAMPERED DOG PAWS are also walking. TILT UP TO REVEAL:
text: One person walking is a uniformed black man, 30's, MR.
text: WASHINGTON. He is walking SIX pedigreed DOGS in front of A
text: SLEEK, STATE OF THE ART MODERN LUXURY BUILDING.
text: (AND GUYS, IF WE WANT TO DO AN HOMAGE TO THIS KIND OF LATE
scene_heading: 60’s/EARLY 70's HEIST ENERGY, WE COULD DO A WINDOWPANE SCREEN
scene_heading: EFFECT, WITH MANY SHOTS OF WILDLY ECONOMICALLY DIVERGENT NEW
text: YORKERS... from satellite dishes on cardboard boxes to
dialog: helipads on buildings... you get the idea...)
text: One of the dogs slips its leash! A silky AFGHAN makes a
text: break for freedom, dashing down the sidewalk as, coming
dialog: around the corner, we see--
scene_heading: 5TH AVENUE/59TH STREET N R W
text: COLE HOWARD, on one side or the other of 40. He takes in the
text: tableau at a glance -- the screaming dog-walker trying to
text: catch up, the bounding Afghan.
text: In a swift move, Cole plunks down 2 dollars on a vendor's
text: cart and grabs a small SHISH KEBAB, waving it at the dog’s
text: eye level. The hound stops instantly, practically levitates
text: to get the meat, as MR. WASHINGTON, the dog walker, catches
dialog: up.
scene_heading: MR. WASHINGTON
dialog: Mr. Howard -- ahhh, thanks --
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Carry a stash of treats, Mr.
dialog: Washington -- you’re competing with
text: every enticing smell in Manhattan.
text: Cole goes into the building. Mr. Washington watches after
text: him, nodding.
scene_heading: MR. WASHINGTON
dialog: Yeah, aren’t we all.
scene_heading: EXT. FOYER OF BUILDING - DAY
text: LESTER, the old doorman, now in full uniform, smiles at Cole,
text: the Residence Manager, as he strides in, clearly in charge of
dialog: the place.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Morning, Lester.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Looking to be a fine day, Mr.
dialog: Howard.
text: FROM A HIGH ANGLE, LOOKING DOWN on Cole, and for the first
text: time we catch a glimpse of this building: sleek, modern, the
dialog: jewel of the block.
text: ABOVE A STAFF ENTRANCE, a security camera peers down. ON A
scene_heading: PLASMA SECURITY MONITOR, DISPLAYING NUMEROUS ANGLES: Cole
text: shoots a salute to the camera and -- BUZ2Z2Z2ZZZ! --
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BACK HALLWAYS -- DAY
text: -- he’s admitted inside. Cole pushes on down the corridor,
text: passing maids, porters, attendants -- offering each a
text: friendly, firm smile.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Morning. Morning, Miss Lewis, your
dialog: son better? Good. Mr. Stuart,
dialog: there’re some Vodka bottles on the
dialog: roof deck... school’s obviously
text: out... Mrs. Lopez, the elevator’s
dialog: reeking--!
text: The STOUT HISPANIC JANITRESS nods vigorously, rolling her
text: eyes. She holds up an ANTISCEPTIC SPRAY BOTTLE: she’s on it.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOPEZ
dialog: You don’t got to tell me! The
dialog: cheap cologne on that guy, oh my
dialog: God!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Miss Lopez. Residents’ guests who
dialog: wear miniskirts are women, until we
dialog: are otherwise instructed.
text: She nods. Knows he’s right. He pokes his head inside--
scene_heading: INT. A SECURITY ROOM - DAY
text: where a GUARD mans the monitors. Cole points at a DARK CAR
text: on the screen.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s with the tinted windows
dialog: across the street?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Don’t know. Been there all night.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Keep an eye. It’s not your typical
dialog: towncar.
text: CHARLIE GIBBS, concierge, Cole’s age, falls into stride with
dialog: him. They’ve been ten years on the job together.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Morning.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Mr. Gibbs.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What’d you do this weekend?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Worried about this place.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Y’know it is our 10 year
dialog: anniversary. Think you could start
dialog: calling me Charlie?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (only half joking)
dialog: And that’s the beginning of the
dialog: end. Next it’ll be “bro” and
dialog: “Dude,” and the discipline around
dialog: here’‘1l go straight to hell. Even
text: talking about it opens a crack into
text: the abyss.
dialog: They enter--
scene_heading: INT. TOWER -- LOBBY -- DAY
text: The most elegant, most comfortable private lobby in NYC. A
text: three-story high ceiling with a glass wall filling the space
text: with light. A cherry-oak-paneled concierge’s counter topped
text: with Egyptian marble. Designer divans and reading chairs
text: galore and a zen fountain.
text: Charlie points towards the front door, at LESTER, the doorman
dialog: we saw earlier. Well into his 70s, he knows no greater
dialog: pleasure than doing his job well.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What about him?
text: A GAGGLE of KIDS swarm through the lobby, off to school.
dialog: Cole knows all their names. Their favorite, however, is
text: Lester: he’s a giant teddy bear to them.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Who did their homework for today?
dialog: Whatya mean no homework today?! Why
dialog: not?! Oh, cause it’s the first day
dialog: of school!! ...
text: Lester opens the door for the kids. They rush out.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You call Lester, Lester.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I prefer Lester to you.
text: Cole pats Charlie on the shoulder and goes -- he obviously
dialog: likes Charlie enough to bust his balls. (And we will soon
text: see that he is actually more informal with Charlie than
dialog: anyone in the place.)
text: The lobby is coming to life, now. All staff wear an earpiece
text: and a mic clipped to their sleeve, except Cole who keeps a
text: slender walkie in his breast pocket.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Everyone awake? Okay, service with
text: a smile.
text: The staff, at their stations, nod back.
text: ELEVATOR DOORS OPEN AND AN OVERLY BEJEWELED WOMAN EXITS.
text: Cole is there to welcome her; today’s performance has begun.
text: She doesn’t break stride, just starts barking “favors.”
speaker_heading: BEJEWELED WOMAN
dialog: Cole, my day today is a ballbuster.
text: At ten a man’s coming from Pierre
dialog: Laveurre to measure for my
dialog: valances... then the TV lift
dialog: bandits are coming, again -- it’s
dialog: still having these epileptic
dialog: seizures--
text: Thus begins A MONTAGE OF COLE’S MORNING. He is a master at
text: handling each resident: he compliments, he cajoles, with
text: children he clowns, to older residents he kowtows. As he
text: accepts each resident “request,” Charlie keeps a discreet to-
text: do list at his desk.
speaker_heading: VARIOUS RESIDENTS
dialog: +.-pick up my dry-cleaning/... move
dialog: the armoire/ stir the
dialog: confit/appraise the
dialog: Monet.../...feed the finches/...the
dialog: moth larvae will have to be picked,
dialog: nit by nit, off those sweaters/...
text: Cole’s just as good with staff. Later, eying some NEW,
text: PETITE SIZED LINGERIE on a rack, he delegates to a PORTER:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: .--ah, ah, no -- not to the
dialog: apartment, to Mr. Davis's office...
dialog: (low)
dialog: -. Mrs. Davis is a size 12.
text: Cole talks a mile a minute into his mouthpiece, directing and
text: redirecting building traffic.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT’D)
dialog: .--It’s 7:45 and I’m still seeing
dialog: laundry carts. You should all be
dialog: on your way... Mr. Hutensky, Mrs.
text: Simon is still missing her Mercedes
dialog: key. -- Well, that dog does eat
dialog: just about anything, I’m afraid
dialog: you’re going to have to do some...
dialog: panning for gold. Miss Hahn, be
dialog: aware, the windows in 66B have
dialog: been removed, try not to plunge to
dialog: your deaths...
text: Under Cole’s running patter we see MORE MONTAGE: VARIOUS
dialog: SHOTS of the minute details that makes running a full service
dialog: luxury building so complex: Beds made/plants watered/a Venus
text: Flytrap plant fed meat/BROWN HANDS picking up JEWELRY off a
text: dresser and dusting the dresser before meticulously replacing
text: the jewelry, unmolested... MAIDS in OVERCOATS even vacuum an
text: 66B, an apartment that’s A CONSTRUCTION SITE, freezing wind
text: blowing in through the gaping holes where the windows are
text: still missing.
text: AT THE PACKAGE STATION a pert Hispanic girl, PEREZ,
text: discreetly reads a book. Suddenly, in her earpiece:
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: Miss Perez--?
dialog: (as she jumps)
dialog: For six months I’ve pretending not
dialog: to notice you've been studying for
dialog: the bar. Please don’t make it so
dialog: obvious that the residents notice
dialog: too.
text: She blushes, nods, and better buries her books, grateful for
dialog: his lenience.
scene_heading: INT. GUARD STATION - DAY
text: The two guards continue to stare, on screen, at the mystery
text: parked car.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: ...Steve, Miguel, has it moved?
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: No sir!
text: (clicking off, turns to
dialog: friend)
dialog: What’s he going so crazy for? Has
dialog: this building ever been hit?
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: Shit, no.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: It’s probably just some guy getting
dialog: a blow job.
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: For a day and a half?
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Maybe he’s 80.
text: They laugh. MONTAGE CONTINUES: Cole besieged by residents.
text: (The first is a stringy, edgy, rich woman, Miss
dialog: Hollingsworth. We will be seeing her again.)
scene_heading: HOLLINGSWORTH/VARIOUS RESIDENTS
dialog: Make sure Mother takes her Lexapro
dialog: AND her Atavin -- one without the
dialog: other she behaves like a
dialog: Chimpanzee/...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: HOLLINGSWORTH/VARIOUS RESIDENTS
text: .-+.Strange clicking noises on line
dialog: one -- it could be my ex husband
dialog: wiretapping me back.../
text: .--balloons, streamers and a pinata
dialog: which can’t have candy with peanuts
dialog: or her little best friend will die
dialog: on the spot....
text: The CAMERA JUMPS BACK from Cole, handling 11 things at once,
text: BACK to a long shot of the lobby, BACK to the exterior of the
text: building, looking in, BACK from ACROSS THE STREET...
text: Someone, with very professional equipment, is watching the
text: building through a telephoto lens.
scene_heading: TITLE-UP: T O W E R H E Is T
scene_heading: INT. THE LOBBY - DAY
text: Cole finally has a moment to breathe. But ever vigilant, he
text: looks around.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: --So where’s our new elevator
dialog: man...? Isn’t he starting today?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Looks like he’s jumped the gun.
text: He gestures at THE ELEVATOR BANK, where ARTHUR BRANIFF, 60,
text: gets off the elevator, MR. DEV’REAUX, dapper in his new
text: uniform, happily chatting while manning the elevator.
text: Despite his $200 haircut and hand-tailored dress shirt and
dialog: Caribbean tan, Braniff is a master at getting people to
dialog: forget Fitzgerald’s maxim about the rich ("They're different
dialog: than you and me”).
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Well, Jamal, nice t’ meecha.
speaker_heading: DEV’ REAUX
dialog: Pleasure, sir!
text: Cole turns to Charlie, nonplussed.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: “Jamal?”
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Told a resident his first name...?!
dialog: Uh uh uh.
text: Cole wants to yank Dev’reaux aside, but Braniff seems to be
text: enjoying the encounter, so Cole keeps a smile on his face for
dialog: a moment more.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Jamaal, has Cole taught you the
dialog: golden rule of working here yet?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (shooting daggers at
dialog: Deveraux)
dialog: We haven’t actually run Mr.
dialog: Devr’eaux through the protocol...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Jamaal, if I asked you, would you
dialog: go pick me up a cheeseburger?
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Thing is, I want a certain kind of
dialog: brie on my burger they only sell at
text: Michel’s cheese shop downtown.
dialog: Think you can get that first?
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Certainly, Mr. Braniff.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: As for the hamburger, only
dialog: organically-fed, free-range beef,
dialog: please. Can you make sure of that?
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Finally the buns. This is the most
dialog: important part. I need the buns
dialog: blessed by the pope himself. See
dialog: to it, willya?
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: (catching on)
dialog: Got the Vatican on speed-dial.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: He’s a natural.
dialog: (to Dev)
dialog: Always say yes. That’s the golden
dialog: rule. Say yes, then figure out how
dialog: the hell you’re gonna manage it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF (CONT'D)
dialog: I may live at the top of this
dialog: building but I’m in the service
dialog: industry same as you and Cole, and
dialog: I know soon as I say ‘no’ toa
dialog: customer, I’m flat-out on my ass.
text: Braniff gives Dever’aux a $100 bill.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF (CONT’D)
dialog: Another thing, Jamaal: I do
dialog: everything myself. Keeps me honest.
dialog: I’1ll get my own cheeseburger, and
dialog: you get one too, on me!
text: As Braniff wanders off, Dever’aux’s suddenly sees--
scene_heading: LOBBY SEATING AREA -- COFFEE TABLE -- DAY
text: A copy of NEWSWEEK is casually splayed across the coffee
text: table, a PICTURE of ARTHUR BRANIFF on the COVER! Dev’raux
text: doubletakes, staring at the photo, as Cole steps into frame
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: DEVER ‘ AUX
dialog: Wow. He’s pretty real for...
dialog: (picks up magazine)
dialog: .-.”The Wall Street Wizard?!”
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Mr. Dever’aux, as you can see, some
dialog: of our residents are pretty high
dialog: profile individuals. What made you
dialog: think you should jump in without
dialog: any orientation?
speaker_heading: MR. DEVERAUX
dialog: Well, pushing buttons, shooting the
dialog: breeze, I mean -- I know the job.
text: Charlie and Cole exchange a look.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Remind me: where did we steal you
dialog: away from?
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Spent the last two years at the
dialog: Richelieu on 78th.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: That’s a good building. Why'd you
dialog: want to leave it?
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: You wanna play baseball, you gonna
dialog: wanna play someday for the Yankees.
dialog: This building’s the Yankees.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (not unkindly)
dialog: Then don’t treat it like the sand
text: lot. “Pushing buttons” and
text: “shooting the breeze” is seriously
dialog: demeaning your job. You are
dialog: crucial to these people: you are
dialog: part of protecting them.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: From what, sir?
text: Cole gestures across the lobby, where Arthur Braniff has been
text: stopped by an anxious-looking MIDDLE AGED GUY in a SUIT.
speaker_heading: This is FITZHUGH.
speaker_heading: COLE
text: He’s gone ten steps, and he’s
text: already under attack from Mr.
text: Fitzhugh over there, a much less
dialog: successful money manager who’s
dialog: desperate for tips. Mr. Gibbs,
dialog: head him off, please...
text: Charlie quickly speeds off to stop this encounter. Mr.
text: FITZHUGH is already in mid-pitch.
speaker_heading: MR. FITZHUGH
dialog: --I did try your office, but
dialog: everything’s on voice mail -- if
dialog: you could just -- one millisecond --
dialog: see, I’m having a hell of a time
dialog: locking down even a safe 2% return
dialog: in this market, and any
dialog: suggestion... just the wisp of a
dialog: hint... would really help me out of
dialog: a ...well, verging on catastrophic--
text: He sees Charlie coming, who is shooting daggers at him.
dialog: Quickly, to Braniff:
speaker_heading: MR. FITZHUGH (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you! We’1ll reconvene soon!
text: He scurries off. Charlie sighs to Braniff.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Mr. Howard apologizes. He got past
dialog: us.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: I can’t really blame Fitzhugh.
text: He’s losing his apartment.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Tough times make civilized people
dialog: do uncivilized things.
text: Braniff shrugs affably and goes. Meanwhile, across the
text: lobby, Cole continues to brief Mr. Dev’reaux.
speaker_heading: COLE
text: After the doorman admits a visitor,
dialog: you're their second line of
dialog: defense. And your antenna should
dialog: be out at all times for anyone
dialog: going up in your car who gives you
dialog: even the smallest uneasy feeling...
text: His eye drifts towards...
scene_heading: EXT. THROUGH THE LOBBY FRONT GLASS - COLE’S POV - DAY
text: The TINTED WINDOW CAR still sits, mysteriously, across the
text: street. Two OVERCOATED MEN walk past.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Like those two.
text: He walks outside, Lester opening the door, Dever’aux at his
dialog: heels.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BUILDING - DAY
text: Cole watches the men continue down the street, then turns to
text: Dev’reaux, explaining.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: That’s the second time they’ve
text: walked by the building from the
dialog: same direction. May be nothing,
dialog: but it’s a little off.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Man. Not even your job, but you
dialog: notice everything!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: It’s all my job. There’s a
dialog: cellular structure to a full
dialog: service building -- in order to
dialog: keep this hive running we all
dialog: exceed our job descriptions.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: These residents won’t notice
dialog: ordinary service -- only the
dialog: extraordinary service will get you
dialog: that bonus.
text: Cole gives the building’s perimeter a once-over. He spies a
text: scrap of trash at the curb and squats to pick it up.
text: Dev’reaux just stares. That's dedication.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- FROM HIGH ABOVE -- DUSK
text: A tarp covering the absent window on 66 flaps in the wind as
text: the sun goes down.
text: Below, Mr. Washington exits the staff entrance, in his
text: civvies, knocking off for the night. He passes MISS
text: HOLLINGSWORTH, the stringy, nasty woman we met earlier.
scene_heading: MR. WASHINGTON
dialog: Evening, Miss. Hollingsworth.
dialog: (the woman startles)
dialog: --It’s just me, Mr. Washington.
scene_heading: MISS HOLLINGSWORTH
dialog: Oh! Oh.
scene_heading: MR. WASHINGTON
dialog: Out of uniform. Got it.
text: He keeps his expression cheerful, but drops it the minute she
dialog: goes on her way. Racist bitch!
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BACK HALLWAYS -- MOMENTS LATER
text: ON A CHECK: “Alimony -- September.” Cole’s mailing his
text: monthly dues as Charlie, in civvies now, raps on the door.
text: Exiting, Cole and Charlie pass the LOCKER ROOM. Cole leans
text: in to kill the light, to find Lester still here, gazing into
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Lester? You okay?
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: .+.-jJust gettin’ my shoes on... I'll
dialog: be outta here in a jiff...
text: Cole eyes Lester, knows the old man has something on his
dialog: mind.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Naw, it’s a long day for you, Mr.
dialog: Howard...
text: Cole smiles.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: And now it’s over, and I have time.
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: It’s just, ah... I uh, I asked Mr.
dialog: Simon a few weeks ago to get me
dialog: some funds from my 401 thing --
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: --not playin’ the horses or
dialog: anything, Mr. Howard -- my little
dialog: grandkids out in California, their
dialog: daddy got laid off, and they're
dialog: feeling the pinch, you know--
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: For you to even bring it up, it’s
dialog: more than a pinch.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Well, they’re behind kinda every
dialog: which way...
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Losing their house?
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Yeah, if I don’t help...
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Of course, why wouldn’t you help?
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Well, that’s just it... Mr. Simon,
dialog: he hasn’t given me the money.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: When did you ask him?
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Six weeks ago.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: And you still don't have the money.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: He says that the bank’s gonna get
dialog: to it.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Well you're --
dialog: (not wanting to guess
dialog: Lester’s age)
dialog: --of a certain age, you can take
dialog: that money out. This makes no
dialog: sense at all.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Banks get busy, like anybody.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Not with our pension plan.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- MR. SIMON’S OFFICE -- DAY
dialog: 15.
text: Doorplate: “PROPERTY MANAGER.” Mr. Simon sits and peruses his
text: Wall Street Journal a moment before he addresses Cole.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: The economy’s in the crapper, Cole.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: With all due respect, sir, I don’t
dialog: really see how that entitles a bank
dialog: to stall giving Lester some of his
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Everyone’s cutting staff.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Then the remaining bank employees
dialog: can work free overtime, as we do.
text: There is a subtle dig there, but Cole keeps his
dialog: pleasant and professional.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Don’t get smart. The resident
dialog: board thinks we may have some staff
dialog: redundancies.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Whoa, Whoa: cut OUR staff? My
dialog: people are out there busting their--
dialog: 
dialog: expression
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: (raises a hand: enough)
dialog: I just want to prepare you for
dialog: possible contingencies.
text: Mr. Simon simply picks up his newspaper and starts reading.
text: The interview is over.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON (CONT’D)
text: Hang up the Christmas tapestry
dialog: tomorrow, please.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: It’s already done.
scene_heading: EXT. 5TH AVENUE -- NIGHT
text: Cole, Charlie and Lester exit the building together, heading
text: to their various homes. Cole notices: the tinted window car
text: is still sitting there. And -- across the street -- there’s
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ONE!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: There’s two of them, now? Why
dialog: haven't they been towed?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: Call the city.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: We did. They’re doing nothing --
dialog: no, really, it makes no sense --
text: Cole finally lets Charlie pull him along, down the sidewalk,
text: walking along with Lester, pleased to have company. At a bus
text: stop, they wait with Lester for his crosstown, Cole trying
text: not to flick a glance back at the mystery cars.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: -- the littlest one tells me the
dialog: other day on the phone: “Grandpa,
dialog: what’s invisible and smells like
text: worms?” “Bird farts,” he says. The
dialog: way he laughed at his own joke I
dialog: just about died.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You ever think about moving out
dialog: there?
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Nah. I can help ‘em out more from
dialog: here, and no use pretending I don’t
dialog: love the job...
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Lester. The day you go, we change
dialog: the name of the building, cause
dialog: it’1l never be the same.
text: Nothing could mean more to Lester. His bus arrives.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Night, Mr. Howard. Mr. Gibbs.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Lester, outside the building...?
dialog: It’s just Cole.
text: Charlie drops his jaw. He’s never seen Cole give that
text: permission to anyone. They watch Lester step aboard, then
text: proceed to the subway.
scene_heading: INT. CHET AND MARTY’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: All that is mundane and lower middle class in Queens. The
text: house is festooned with cheap BIRTHDAY BALLOONS AND
text: STREAMERS. MARTY, Cole’s mother, 60’s, sympathetic and kind,
text: if a bit timid, admits Cole, who is holding a PRESENT.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Hey, Mom.
dialog: (peers inside)
dialog: Where’s Dad?
speaker_heading: MARTY
text: In his office.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: It’s his birthday.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: It’s tax time.
scene_heading: INT. HOWARD HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Cole stands in the doorway, looking in at his father, WALT,
text: an accountant, looking dutiful and harried, up to his
text: eyeballs in his clients’ TAX RETURNS.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Dad. You coming out?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Yeah, I will...
dialog: And he means it. He wants to. It’s just.. so much work.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Brought you something.
text: He enters the office, places the present on his Dad’s desk.
text: Walt unwraps it.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Oh, hey, great, an organizer!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I know your old one’s a little
text: frayed.
text: Cole smiles, glad his present pleases. Marty appears behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Walt, you gotta give it half an
dialog: hour.
text: Walt sighs. He wants to go to his own birthday party; he
text: really does. He gets up, feeling torn.
scene_heading: INT. HOWARD LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: People are toasting and mingling around a nervous looking
text: Walt. He can’t stop thinking about that pile of paper on his
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: SLIDE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, here’s my present, Mr. H.
text: SLIDE is a sharp-looking black man, about Cole’s age, a
text: little too flashily dressed for a modest birthday party.
text: However, he seems very comfortable with these people. He
text: hands Walt an iPhone, out of a satchel in which Cole can see -
text: - there are about 20 of them, all in their original boxes.
text: Walt is very fond of Slide, but is immediately suspicious.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Do you have a receipt for this?
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Ah, now, we’re not gonna start
dialog: that--!
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: No, really, Darnell--!
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Shit, nobody call me that now--
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Well, we just can’t help
dialog: remembering the old days...!
text: There are PICTURES on the wall of kindergarden buds, 5 YEAR
text: OLD SLIDE and 5 YEAR OLD COLE, with their arms around each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: He’s been Slide for a while, Mom.
text: Cole and Slide appraise each other and smile, two old friends
dialog: whose lives have gone in entirely different directions.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You don’t still live around
dialog: here...?
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Nah. Got a soft spot for your old
dialog: Dad.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Yeah, well. He was around.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: There’s that.
text: Slide’s clearly wasn’t.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What have you been doing --?
text: Slide just laughs.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay. Never mind.
dialog: 20.
text: Cole looks around, notices the house is all torn up. Most
text: notably, the kitchen. Like, they’re cooking on a HOT PLATE.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Gawd, Mom -- they’re still not
dialog: finished?
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: A coupla permits didn’t come
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: But you applied two years ago.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Man says we gotta wait.
speaker_heading: SLIDE (0.S.)
dialog: You don’t gotta wait. I just did
dialog: mine, and... last time the city
dialog: came around, I just... made a
dialog: contribution.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: To..?
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Their well being.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: That’s generally called “taxes.”
text: The word “taxes” just convulses Slide. Walt, Marty and Cole
dialog: are taken aback.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Oh, sorry, sorry, no disrepect.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Hey, seriously, Slide. Just
dialog: curious, really -- I mean, why
dialog: wouldn’t you want to pay for
dialog: schools and roads and police
dialog: protection--
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: You feel protected by the police?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I--
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Educated by the schools?
dialog: (to Cole)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: SLIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: I notice you in hock up to you ass
dialog: to pay for that fancy-ass college --
dialog: tax dollars weren’t there to help
dialog: you then. You still paying that
dialog: off?
text: We see on Cole’s face: he is.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Ah, but I would never, ever have
dialog: the job that I have--
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: No, you right, you right. You got
dialog: a good job.
dialog: Slide means it. He respects Cole.
speaker_heading: SLIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah. I know. There’s days I envy
dialog: that job of yours.
text: His PHONE starts to ring. And ring. Cole looks down. The
text: control line flashes THE TOWERS.
speaker_heading: SLIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: This ain’t one of ‘em. ‘C’mon,
dialog: let’s get a beer...
text: Cole is torn. He wants to go with Slide, needs to answer.
speaker_heading: SLIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: You got to get that?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: No...
text: It stops ringing. Immediately starts again. Marty looks at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Honey..? We’re about to cut the
dialog: cake. Don’t.
text: Cole looks around the room at his family, who’s watching him.
text: He sighs.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I won’t leave. Okay? I promise.
dialog: (answering, into phone)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: INT. A CAB - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Cole sits in the back seat, cab racing along, practically
text: levitating with anxiety. He is on the phone.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Nonono -- exactly WHAT. Did you
dialog: see. --Why aren’t they there?
dialog: When did you call them. What kind
dialog: of response time is that? --Well,
dialog: how they can take that position,
dialog: that nothing’s actually happened,
text: when there’s bulges under the coats
dialog: of men who have been staking out my
dialog: building and they’re taking up
dialog: positions around the perimeter--
dialog: what happened to crime prevention?!
dialog: -- Okay, I’m here, get out front,
dialog: NOW NOW NOW!
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- FRONT ENTRANCE -- DAY
text: The cab screeches up and Cole jumps out, met by THREE
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARDS.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Okay, where are they?
text: The guards look around.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: I don’t see ‘em now. But when the
dialog: wind blew their coats against them,
dialog: you could see it -- they’re
text: definitely packing.
text: Cole notices: the TINTED WINDOW CAR IS NOW ACROSS THE STREET
text: -- right IN FRONT of his building.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: God damn it -- enough!
text: He marches up to the car, starts banging on the windows.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: WHO ARE YOU IN THERE?! WHAT DO YOU
dialog: WANT?!
text: No response. Cole rushes into the lobby.
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY FRONT DESK - NIGHT
text: Cole races up to the NIGHT DESK MAN, agitated.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Okay, no one comes in, all right?
dialog: Not until I find out who these
dialog: jokers are and what they want.
speaker_heading: NIGHT DESK MAN
dialog: What about, goes out?
speaker_heading: COLE
text: No one goes out.
speaker_heading: NIGHT DESK MAN
dialog: Cause the Mink Brinks is here. Do
dialog: I not let them go out?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What? They came yesterday.
speaker_heading: NIGHT DESK MAN
dialog: They’re here now too.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: They’re in the garage? Now?
speaker_heading: NIGHT DESK MAN
dialog: Yeah, they forgot to take Mr.
text: Braniff’s wife’s mink to storage.
text: He’s bringing it down to them.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: HIMSELF?!
speaker_heading: NIGHT DESK MAN
dialog: He does everything himself.
text: Cole wheels on the guards.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Down down down--! Go down and see
dialog: what the hell’s going on?!
scene_heading: INT. SURVELLIENCE ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: Cole races in:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Garage! Mink Brinks! Find it!
dialog: 24.
text: The guy clicks around on the cameras until an IMAGE of the
text: BRINKS TRUCK can be seen. TWO GUYS are opening the back.
text: They are casually dressed.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Zoom in on them. I don’t know
dialog: them. Zoom in on the shoes!
text: The technician obeys.
scene_heading: Their SHOES are EXPENSIVE ITALIAN LEATHER.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Italian leather with TASSLES?! I
text: DON’T THINK SO. -- MAYDAY!! Oh
dialog: shit--
text: He now sees, on camera, ARTHUR BRANIFF HIMSELF approaching
text: the truck, helpfully carrying HIS WIFE’S MINK, sheathed in
text: opaque thick PLASTIC.
text: Cole shrieks into his mouthpiece:
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Where are you two--?! I think it’s
dialog: a kidnapping!
text: He races for the elevators.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DAY
text: THE GUARDS rush out of the elevators. Braniff is nowhere to
text: be seen. The truck’s doors are closed, and the truck is
text: beginning to pull away.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Truck’s moving!
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: We don’t see him!
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: Oh God -- they got him!
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR -- ON COLE...
text: .»-pacing like a caged animal.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Don’t open those doors! Mr.
dialog: Morgan, how strong is a Brinks
dialog: truck!
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - NIGHT
text: The guard, to his horror, watches as the truck BATTERS the
text: closed gate like a battering ram, almost decimating it. The
text: truck backs up for another try...
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Strong.
text: The elevator opens. Cole rushes out, as the TRUCK SURGES
dialog: FORWARD, SMASHING the grate!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: SHOOT OUT THE TIRES!
text: The guards start blasting. The truck SMASHES through. No
dialog: way to tell if it’s hit.
text: The three men rush to the exit.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY ALONGSIDE THE TOWERS - NIGHT
text: The brinks truck, all its right tires shot out, is fatally
text: leaning on one side. It limps forward, SCRAPING the side of
text: the building, making sparks.
text: Cole and the guards race towards it with everything they've
text: got. They're gaining. The truck’s slowing. Before it stops
text: the DRIVER and HELPER jump out and run for it.
text: Cole and the guards have more important matters. They race
text: to the now-stopped truck. Cole gestures to Guard #1 to shoot
text: out the lock. He obeys. The men wrestle the door open...
text: And there, looking very shocked, is ARTHUR BRANIFF.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Mr. Braniff--! Sir -- !
text: He leaps up to help Braniff, who is four shades of grey. He
text: turns and quietly VOMITS into a corner.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Did he hit a mink?
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: There’s no minks.
text: Suddenly TWO TINTED WINDOWED CARS squeal into the alley,
dialog: blocking off both avenues of escape!
dialog: Cole and the Guards freeze. Who are these people?!
text: MEN get out of the cars with GUNS DRAWN. Two of them are the
text: same men Cole saw earlier -- passing his building. Twice.
text: Cole and his guards are now seriously outnumbered. They
text: freeze, terrified.
text: The men draw guns. The LEAD AGENT, female, attractive in a
text: down-to-business way, 30's, flips a badge.
speaker_heading: FEMALE AGENT (DENHAM)
dialog: FBI.
text: Cole doesn’t get it.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: We have a warrant for this man’s
dialog: arrest.
text: Braniff looks astonished. Cole is immediately protective.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: This man is not one of the
dialog: perpetrators -- he’s the victim of
dialog: an attempted kidnapping --
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: This was not a kidnapping. It was
text: an attempt to flee.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Flee from what?! You are making a
dialog: serious mistake, and against one of
dialog: my residents--
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: He’1ll be residing at Rikers--
text: Braniff throws up his hands, conciliatory.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: All right, all right. We’ll get
dialog: this straightened out.
dialog: (to Cole)
dialog: Would you mind telling my wife to
dialog: call Marty Klein?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell her not to cry, it’s the FBI,
dialog: not the Gestapo. Oh, and --
text: He hands Cole the plastic-wrapped coat.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF (CONT’D)
dialog: Take her her mink. She’1ll worry.
text: Cole reaches out to take the wrapped coat. The female agent
text: immediately SNATCHES IT out of his hands.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Is this a shakedown? How can you
dialog: people possibly use a mink coat as
dialog: eviden--
text: The agent ZIPS THE PLASTIC OPEN.
text: There is no mink inside the plastic. Instead, hanging
text: neatly, are SEVERAL PLASTIC POUCHES of various sizes,
text: containing toiletries, thick envelopes, and reams of
dialog: documents.
text: Cole’s jaw drops. Arthur sighs impatiently.
text: The agent zips open a compartment, pulls out a PASSPORT,
text: flips it open. It has Arthur’s face on it, but not his name.
text: The other agents pull CASH and DOCUMENTS out of the other
text: envelopes.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: This proves nothing.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Yeah. I guess everybody puts fake
dialog: passports, account numbers and wads
dialog: of Euros in mothball storage. I
dialog: know I do.
dialog: (to Braniff, “charming”)
dialog: Walk with us.
text: The agents cuff him and lead him down the alley, where Cole
text: can see SCADS OF REPORTERS and a few POLICE waiting,
text: flashbulbs already popping.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: The underground exit might be more
dialog: discreet.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Oh no. Mr. Braniff’s getting the
dialog: full perp-walk.
text: Cole volunteers his jacket to be laid over Braniff’s cuffs.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- FRONT ENTRANCE -- CONTINUOUS
text: A crowd has gathered outside along with a NEWS CREW to
text: document Braniff’s walk of shame. Agent Denham escorts him
text: to a squad car, loading him into the rear seat. She returns
text: Cole’s jacket and Cole looks from her to Braniff, not sure
text: what to believe. The police caravan pulls away and Cole
text: steers Mrs. Braniff away from cameras.
text: SUSAN BRANIFF, a facelifted and pampered 60, bursts from the
text: front of the building, a MINK COAT over her nightgown.
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: Arthur! What is all this?! He’s
dialog: done nothing wrong!
text: Agent Denham gets a load of her.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
text: Looks like her mink’s safe.
scene_heading: INT. COLE’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT - CLOSE ON -—-
text: A fistful of Advil being shaken into Cole’s hand. The
dialog: appropriate ending to an awful day.
text: His apartment lacks a woman’s touch and housekeeper’s visit.
text: On a mantel, evidence of a former life: a wedding photo.
text: Cole sits, eating Kung Pao chicken out of a counter, gloomily
text: watching TV. His phone rings.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: There are many, many tchockies and two little yapping dogs --
text: Simon is evidently prissy. He is on the phone.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: What the--
scene_heading: INT. COLE’S LIVING ROOM
text: Cole holds the phone away from his ear.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON’S VOICE
dialog: --HELL happened?!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: We don’t know anything beyond the
dialog: arrest.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
text: Five news crews still parked
dialog: outside, I imagine we’ll find out
dialog: when they do.
text: Cole suddenly sits bolt upright, his attention captured by
dialog: the TV.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sh! Turn on channel four now!
scene_heading: THE TV - CLOSE (AND WE CROSS CUT BETWEEN THE TWO MEN: )
text: Braniff is the top story.
speaker_heading: CNBC ANCHOR (ON TV)
dialog: ...last year Wall Street titan
dialog: Arthur Braniff was the subject of a
dialog: 60 Minutes profile but this
dialog: afternoon he's the subject of an
dialog: FBI indictment. We haven't learned
dialog: the charges against him...
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Did he murder someone? Rape
dialog: someone? He better not’ve done it
text: in the building.
speaker_heading: CNBC ANCHOR
dialog: ..-but there is heavy speculation
dialog: that he will be charged with
dialog: several counts of securities
dialog: fraud...
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: What kind of fraud?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Securities fraud. Swindling.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Ah, no no no NOOOO--!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I know. He seemed like a good guy.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Fuck that! He runs our BOARD!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Yeah, well, somebody else will step
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: He manages the building’s assets!
dialog: 30.
text: Cole stares at the receiver. He never thought about that.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Manages, as in... invests?
text: He hears only CURSING from the receiver.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT’D)
dialog: Mr. Simon, are we talking about the
dialog: funds for potted palms in the
dialog: lobby, or...?
text: There’s no answer from Mr. Simon.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: OR--?!
text: Mr. Simon snorts with disdain.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MANHATTAN SKYLINE
text: As the Sun comes up over the gleaming midtown buildings...
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- DAY
text: Cole comes in, pensive, the weight of the world on his
text: shoulders. He looks around the lobby, at all the people who
dialog: work for him.
text: Porters decorate the holiday TREE; it’s days before Christmas
text: and the lobby bustles with activity -- DELIVERY MEN hauling
text: in fir trees, RESIDENTS returning with shopping, OTHERS
text: leaving on holiday with piles upon piles of luggage.
speaker_heading: DEV’ REAUX
dialog: (overloaded with ski bags)
dialog: -- where you folks headed for the
dialog: break? St. Moritz?!
dialog: (with a bit of edge)
dialog: Get outta here, that’s where I ski!
text: The holiday music grates in Cole’s ears.
scene_heading: INT. THE PACKAGE ROOM - DAY
text: Cole has THE ENTIRE STAFF assembled. This is the hardest
dialog: moment of his life.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: The press hasn’t made this
text: announcement yet, but the arresting
dialog: agent was good enough to take my
dialog: call and fill me in. I didn’t want
dialog: any of you to hear this from
dialog: some... impersonal source.
dialog: (a deep breath)
dialog: It seems that... Mr. Braniff’s
dialog: great success was actually a giant
dialog: Ponzi scheme. Anyone who had
dialog: anything invested with Mr.
dialog: Braniff...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...-has probably been defrauded.
text: Murmurs of shock from the staff. Cole soldiers on, hating
dialog: having to tell them all this.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT’D)
dialog: As your pensions were invested with
dialog: Mr. Braniff...
text: We PAN across the devastated faces of the MAIDS, VALETS...
text: and Lester. Poor Lester, who is doing his best to remain
text: stoic in these desperate circumstances.
speaker_heading: MAID #1
dialog: So that means...
dialog: These are the hardest words Cole will ever have to say:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: It’s all gone.
text: More murmurs. They can’t believe it. Cole continues, with
dialog: all the compassionate dignity he can summon.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Some of you may need some time to
dialog: process this... and I will make
dialog: myself available to answer any
dialog: further questions... if I can. And
dialog: anyone who absolutely needs to go
dialog: home for the day, I will do my best
dialog: to operate with a skeleton crew. I
dialog: appreciate anyone staying who
dialog: possibly can... but I can’t in good
dialog: conscience expect that from you, in
dialog: light of... what you must be
dialog: feeling. If you could just tell
dialog: me... who needs to go...?
dialog: 
dialog: 32.
text: He scans their stunned faces. They all want to raise their
text: hands and leave. Some of them are blinking back tears.
speaker_heading: MS. PEREZ
dialog: Is your pension gone too, Mr.
dialog: Howard?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Well. Yes. I’m sure it is. Of
dialog: course it is, I--
text: A couple of them start to raise their hands, then, exchanging
text: glances with the others (who aren’t) put their hands back
dialog: down.
text: Lester dabs at his eyes, but pulls himself together,
text: mustering a heartbreaking smile.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Wouldn’t want to leave you short-
dialog: handed, Mr. Howard.
text: Slowly they all dissemble, go back to their posts.
text: Cole watches them go, knowing he’s just been witness to a
dialog: major act of bravery, of loyalty.
dialog: He has never been so touched in his life.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- FRONT ENTRANCE -- DAY
text: Mr. Svickhar approaches Charlie.
speaker_heading: SVICHKAR
dialog: Mr. Howard gonna be out soon?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SVICHKAR
dialog: The Grinch is here.
dialog: He indicates outside where --
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- MAIN ENTRANCE -- CONTINUOUS
text: -- another caravan approaches, with a trail of news trucks.
text: One crew is on the street already taping:
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: REPORTER ON STREET
dialog: “,..jJust an hour ago State Superior
dialog: Court released Arthur Braniff on
dialog: ten million dollars bail on
dialog: condition that he remain under
text: house arrest here at his penthouse
dialog: apartment on 5th Avenue...”
text: Agent Denham is first out of a sedan, followed by Braniff,
text: hands unbound this time. He’s assaulted with questions from
text: the press. Fighting through them, he stops to declare:
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Yes, mistakes were made. People
dialog: lost money. I’m sick about that.
dialog: But they were mistakes, made with
dialog: the best intentions. And I’m truly
dialog: sorry they were made.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Charlie, Ms. Perez, and Dev watch Braniff from inside.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (bitterly quoting Braniff)
dialog: “Tough times makes civilized people
dialog: do uncivilized things.”
text: Braniff comes in out of the media storm, along with his wife
text: and lawyer and a phalanx of FBI agents. Cole turns to his
dialog: employees:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I know what you’re thinking: how
dialog: dare they make us his jailers.
dialog: You’1l think about spitting in his
text: coffee and overwaxing his floor.
dialog: But this is the Towers, and we will
dialog: remain consummate professionals.
dialog: This is also America, and he’s
dialog: innocent until proven guilty.
text: The hostile clamor of the crowd outside is replaced by an icy
text: silence inside as Braniff finds himself face-to-face with the
dialog: Tower staff.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Hello, everyone. Sorry about the
dialog: circus out there...
text: No one responds. Cole, keeping his tone neutral, tries to
dialog: set a good example.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Mr. Braniff. Welcome home.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Thanks, Cole. Good to be back.
dialog: Braniff sounds like the same genial guy he ever was. But now
text: they know better. Agent Denham ushers Braniff to the
dialog: elevators.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF (CONT’D)
dialog: Hi, Jamaal.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Mr. Braniff. How was the slammer?
dialog: Cole notices--
speaker_heading: LESTER
text: Is at his post, but he looks weak, grey, stunned. As he
text: greets residents, his voice is wobbly.
text: Cole crosses, puts his hand on Lester’s arm. Gently:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Nobody appreciates your staying
dialog: more than I do, but... I think you
dialog: need to take a personal day now.
text: Lester wants to protest, but he finally nods. He’s beaten.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Howard.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: You never are going to call me
dialog: Cole, are you?
text: Lester smiles weakly, shakes his head and goes. Cole watches
text: after him, worried.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- DAY
text: FBI TECHNICIANS wire the place, turning a $45 million
text: apartment into a prison cell. A prison cell with five
text: bedrooms and floor-to-ceiling views of Central Park.
text: A Technician fits Braniff with an ankle bracelet as Agent
text: Denham tours the apartment with his lawyer, MARTY KLEIN.
dialog: Middle of
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: MARTY KLEIN
dialog: My client would like access to the
text: swimming pool downstairs.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Absolutely not.
speaker_heading: MARTY KLEIN
text: Then the gym on forty-three.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
text: A dim, delusional dream.
speaker_heading: MARTY KLEIN
dialog: At least let him have access to the
text: sundeck on fifty. Even death row
dialog: inmates get fifteen minutes of
text: fresh air a day.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Mr. Klein, the rules of your
dialog: client’s occupancy here are simple:
dialog: he leaves the apartment for any
text: reason, he gets remanded to federal
dialog: custody and forfeits his ten
dialog: million dollars bail. If your
dialog: client wants fresh air so badly, I
text: suggest he stick his head out a
dialog: window. Or in an oven. --What is
dialog: that?
text: the room sits a GREEN AUSTIN-HEALEY TWO-SEATER.
speaker_heading: MARTY KLEIN
dialog: Obviously you don’t watch 60
dialog: Minutes. That is a 1958 Austin-
text: Healey. Mr. Braniff is a car
dialog: enthusiast.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: What’s it doing up here?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
text: (entering, trying out his
text: ankle bracelet like he’s
dialog: trying on new shoes)
dialog: We were going to keep it at the
dialog: Cape, but it gets better mileage
dialog: here in the city.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: EXT. A COFFEE KIOSK - DAY
text: Lester, still looking weak and grey, painstakingly counts out
text: the change for a cup of coffee. When the vendor hands it to
text: him, Lester’s hands are shaking so badly that he can barely
dialog: lift it.
scene_heading: INT. ARTHUR BRANIFF’S APARTMENT - (CONTINUATION OF PREVIOUS
speaker_heading: SCENE - ) NIGHT
text: Marty Klein is admiring the Austin Healy. He and Braniff
text: chat affably as if nothing had happened.
speaker_heading: MARTY KLEIN
dialog: Aahhhh, this was the one you snaked
dialog: Mallya out of! How’d you get it up
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Very carefully. And I made him
text: throw in his best bottle of Latour.
text: Marty Klein crosses to the Braniffs’ WINE REFRIGERATOR, takes
text: out a BOTTLE of CHATEAU LATOUR, ‘61, looks at the DISTINCTIVE
text: TOWER on the label, whistles. Braniff grabs it back.
speaker_heading: BRANIFF
dialog: No you don’t. That’s for my 60th.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Well, we’1ll have to confiscate it.
dialog: Along with all these paintings.
text: Braniff looks to Marty Klein.
speaker_heading: MARTY KLEIN
dialog: Everything in this apartment is the
dialog: legal property of Mrs. Braniff.
dialog: Consequently none of it is subject
dialog: to your seizure warrant, Agent
dialog: Denham.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: (no rollover)
dialog: Yeah. She’s a blinking, innocent
dialog: fawn.
scene_heading: INT. LESTER’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Lester slowly comes into the room, shell shocked. He sits on
text: his bed, takes off his hat. He looks at the pictures of his
text: TWO GRANDKIDS. For whom he can now provide -- nothing.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. BRANIFF APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT
text: She considers Braniff, oddly sanguine given the
dialog: circumstances. How can he be under house arrest and seem so
text: unconcerned? Cole enters with the Sentry Agent.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Mr. Howard, thank you for joining
dialog: us.
text: Cole is staring at the Austin Martin. He can’t believe it.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Beauty, huh? This was the first
dialog: model off the line, made a present
dialog: to Winston Churchill shortly before
dialog: his death.
text: Agent Denham can’t believe this guy is going on about his car
text: like nothing’s happened. She snaps at him:
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Mr. Howard is not here for a car
dialog: show.
dialog: (to Cole)
dialog: I wanted to bring you up to speed
dialog: on some restrictions to Mr.
dialog: Braniff’s stay here.
dialog: (Cole nods)
dialog: Mr. Braniff may receive no visitors
dialog: without authorization from my
dialog: office and a federal officer
dialog: present. That includes family
dialog: members, Mr. Klein here, even your
dialog: staff. Any mail incoming or
dialog: outgoing must be vetted by my
dialog: office. Also, you should prepare
dialog: your staff for an onslaught of food
dialog: deliveries: the Braniffs will be
dialog: eating in for the foreseeable
dialog: future. Questions?
text: Cole doesn’t have any. He stares at the opulence of the
text: Austin Martin, then back at Braniff, who remains cool as a
text: cucumber.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: I have one. What if there’s a
dialog: fire?
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Then I’1l know there’s a god.
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- ELEVATOR -- DAY
text: Cole and Denham ride down together. In silence. At first.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Thanks for taking my call last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: You're welcome. No more one in the
dialog: morning, okay.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You were up.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAN
dialog: Even so.
text: A silence.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I was anxious about--
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: --your people, I know. And I’m
dialog: glad I could help. I want my pound
dialog: of flesh, though.
text: Cole blinks at her. Then gets it.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Oh! A favor back! Sure, sure.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: What did you think I meant?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I-- never mind.
text: She smiles at him wryly.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Please. When would you find the
dialog: time?
text: The elevator doors open and they enter...
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Cole escorts Agent Denham across the lobby.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I have...
dialog: (realizing how little)
dialog: -..some time...
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Look, I get the 17 hour day thing.
dialog: I’m in your tribe.
text: She gives him an understanding smile as she says this that
text: might hint at something personal...? He appraises her.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Warmth? Understanding?
dialog: (cut the shit)
dialog: Uh-uh. What do you want?
text: She unapologetically launches in.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Look, we still don’t completely
dialog: have everything clear about
dialog: Braniff.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Ahhh. You think I might know
dialog: something.
text: She does. DING! The doors open on the lobby.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Outside.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- FRONT ENTRANCE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Cole sees Agent Denham to her sedan. She stops, peers up
text: (way up) at the penthouse.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: We’ve accounted for every dime
dialog: Braniff took, all his holdings,
dialog: everything he owns. The math
text: doesn’t jive. Somewhere he’s
dialog: stashed twenty mil.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (facetious)
dialog: Where? In his apartment?
text: She just shoots him a look. Yeah. Maybe.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Um... you people are pretty
dialog: thorough. You don’t think you
dialog: would have found it?
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Man swindled sixty billion. You
dialog: tell me. And it’s all he’s got now.
dialog: If I were him, I'd keep it close.
dialog: So if you think of anything we
dialog: might have missed...
text: She hands him a card: “Jillian Denham, FBI.” Cole reads it.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I have your number, remember?
text: She remembers, slightly flustered.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
dialog: Yeah... how did you get that?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: In my business, the stuff you are
dialog: asked to find at four in the
dialog: morning...?
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: It’s a simple phone number.
speaker_heading: AGENT DENHAM
text: A classified phone number.
text: He ducks the barb, smiling.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Are you sorry?
text: A beat. She smiles back at him -- a nice smile -- and goes.
text: Cole watches.
scene_heading: INT. LESTERS APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: We HOLD ON LESTER’S ANTIQUATED ANSWERING MACHINE, which
text: clicks on.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: Hey, Lester. This is, “Mr.
dialog: Howard,” I... I’m thinking about
dialog: you tonight and I’m in your
dialog: neighborhood and thought maybe we
dialog: could grab a quick dinner or
dialog: something... you there?
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: INT. CAB - NIGHT - MOVING
text: Cole is, in fact, still in midtown, heading downtown, in
text: brutal traffic, but concerned enough about Lester to tell
text: that white lie. He is on his cell phone.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Lester, please pick up if you’re
dialog: there. I’m getting a little...
text: He looks into the phone. This isn’t right. Not at all.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT’D)
dialog: (to the driver)
text: Yeah, DIRECTLY THROUGH TIMES
dialog: SQUARE?! There’s a good rush hour
dialog: solution! C’mon--!
scene_heading: INT. LESTER’S APARTMENT -- EVENING
text: Empty and quiet. No sign of Lester. KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: Lester? You home? It’s Mr.
dialog: Howard. It’s Cole, open up.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- OUTSIDE LESTER’S FRONT DOOR -- CONTINUOUS
text: Cole waits for a response. Nothing. He runs his fingers
text: atop the doorframe, then checks under the mat. No key.
text: Not expecting much, he tries the door. To his surprise, it’s
speaker_heading: UNLOCKED.
scene_heading: INT. LESTER’S APARTMENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: Cole enters. Scours a living room. No sign of Lester.
text: Continues into a BEDROOM.
text: And there he is, lying atop his bed, sound sleep. Cole lets
text: out a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Jeez, Lest, you gave me a scare.
dialog: (he doesn’t rouse)
dialog: Lester...c’mon, wake up...
text: Cole goes to his bedside. The man’s out. On his beside
text: table: two empty vials of pills. Cole grabs at a phone --
scene_heading: EXT. HOBOKEN -- NIGHT
text: AN AMBULANCE speeds to an ER, Cole’s town car following.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY WARD -- MOMENTS LATER
text: The Nurse leads Cole through.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: -- we're really supposed to keep
dialog: him under observation at least
dialog: forty-eight hours but as you can
dialog: see we need the bedspace. Legally
dialog: we can’t release him on his own
dialog: accord so either you’1ll have to
dialog: sign for him or we can call
dialog: whatever family he’s got --
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: -- no: nobody tells his kids --
speaker_heading: ER RESIDENT
dialog: Then he’s all yours.
text: She points him to Lester, on a hospital gurney, alive and
text: conscious. Chin dabbled with grey matter, remnants of the
text: charcoal solution used to pump his stomach. Cole approaches.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Hey, Lester. How ya feeling?
text: Lester, ashamed, turns his head away. Cole makes a decision.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Whatyasay you come stay at my place
dialog: for the holiday?
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Don’t wanna put you to any more
dialog: bother.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Lester. This is kind of maybe a
dialog: good moment to put yourself
dialog: first...? Come on... please...
dialog: Why’d you do it?
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: I lost all my money. Everything I
dialog: saved, everything I set aside.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Your 401K wasn’t everything, was
dialog: it?
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Nah, nah... but it was doing so
dialog: good I gave my savings to Mr.
dialog: Braniff too.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (that brings him up short)
dialog: Your savings? All your other
dialog: money?
dialog: (Lester nods)
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: ‘Bout a month ago.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: And he took it? All your savings?
text: Lester nods, feeling ashamed. Cole reels, appalled.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Lester, you mind if I step out a
dialog: while? I gotta check on a few
text: things back at the Tower.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Don’t worry, Mr. Howard. I’m not
dialog: gonna try anything dumb again.
dialog: Don’t want to let you down.
text: Cole can’t believe the man’s loyalty. He swallows his bile
dialog: and goes.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- NIGHT
text: By the elevators, Dev slips an ENVELOPE into the hands of two
text: excessively burly UKRANIAN GENTLEMEN. They look strangely
text: out of place at the Towers.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Okay, so are we good?
text: The two men look at each other and almost laugh with disdain.
speaker_heading: DEV’REAUX (CONT’D)
dialog: I mean, in a minimal way, good -- I
dialog: know we're not good good, but we’re
dialog: not at a punishing place,
dialog: either....
text: The men turn and walk away without a word.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: DEV’REAUX (CONT’D)
dialog: I’ll get more next week.
dialog: (as they’re out of
dialog: earshot)
dialog: From fuck-all knows where.
text: Charlie spies Cole marching in, furious, beelining toward the
dialog: elevators.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (‘what the hell’)
dialog: You forget something?
text: Cole just blasts on by, intent.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- ELEVATOR -- CONTINUOUS
text: Cole joins Fitzhugh aboard Dev’s car.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Mr. Howard, what are you --
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Shut up, Dev. Take ‘er up.
text: They start up. Straight at Fitzhugh, intent:
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're finance. What do you know
dialog: about all this Braniff bullshit?
text: Fitzhugh blinks, shocked by Cole’s vehemence.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Well... when I still, ah, had an
dialog: office to go to we talked about
dialog: him... I mean, the returns were too
dialog: good...
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: When did he know? That it was all
dialog: going sideways? When did Braniff
dialog: know his Ponzi scheme was cooked?
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Had to be around Halloween. That’s
dialog: when he started cashing out his
dialog: buddies. We all wondered--
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: So any money an investor gave him
dialog: after that, say a month ago --
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: -- he was just using it to bail
text: water out of the Titnic.
text: That’s all Cole needs to hear. He turns to Dev resolutely.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Penthouse.
text: The doors open on Fitzhugh’s floor. Dev looks to him.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Fourteen.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Oh, no, I want to see this.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Susan Braniff swigs vodka and pencils a crossword, scratching
text: her shitsu’s ears. Arthur Braniff pumps his legs (ankle
text: bracelet-clad) atop a stationary bicycle, watching TV.
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: Hon-eeee? What do you want
dialog: tonight? Le Bernadin takeout?
dialog: Life in prison when you’re a billionaire. Then: the door to
text: the elevator anteroom: POUND-POUND-POUND! Susan jolts up.
text: Braniff stops pedaling and, sweat-soaked, answers the door.
text: There stand (in order of proximity) Cole, Fitzhugh, and Dev.
text: Braniff detects an air of hostility.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: C’mon in, fellas.
text: They enter in order, Fitzhugh introducing himself.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Hi, remember me--? Chase Fitzhugh,
dialog: 14E. Used to be a big fan.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: So...what brings you guys up here?
dialog: Cole knows I’m not supposed to have
dialog: visitors without supervision.
text: Everyone turns to Cole. Who remains silent. Seething.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF (CONT’D)
dialog: Can I fix you a drink? Some of you
dialog: look like you could use one.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Yeah, I’1l take a --
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: We won't be here that long.
text: Braniff senses a torrent coming on. He turns to his wife.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Susan, why don’t you leave us for a
dialog: spell? I have a feeling Cole will
dialog: speak his mind more freely without
dialog: a lady present --
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I don’t give a flying fuck what I
dialog: say in front of your wife. She
dialog: lies down with a dog, she’s got
dialog: fleas, too.
dialog: Wow. That blows everyone’s hair back a little.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: (his good humor exhausted)
dialog: Say what you're gonna say.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You took Lester’s money.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Yes I did. He came to me, asked me
dialog: to invest it, I had no idea --
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: It was everything he had.
text: Fitzhugh picks up on the emotion in Cole’s voice.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: What happened to Lester?
text: Cole studies Braniff’s face, monitoring it as he answers:
speaker_heading: COLE
text: He took an overdose of sleeping
dialog: pills this morning.
text: Dev and Fitzhugh both react, gut-punched. It’s harder to
dialog: tell how Braniff feels: is his concern genuine?
speaker_heading: BRANIFF
dialog: Ah, Jesus.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I got one question for you. Do you
dialog: care?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: What do you mean, do I care --
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: -- do you feel any responsibility,
dialog: any remorse for what happened to
dialog: Lester --
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: -- as I was saying, I had no idea
dialog: we were going to lose everything,
dialog: of course I feel badly --
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: -- THEN WHY HAVEN’T YOU ASKED ME
text: WHETHER HE’S ALIVE OR DEAD?
text: Cole’s caught him. And for a moment he detects Braniff
dialog: acknowledge it.
text: That does it. Cole looks around, sees what he needs, goes to
text: it. <A fireplace poker. He snatches it up, as a weapon.
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: Oh my god! I’m calling security!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I am security!
text: He’s off to the next room, and Dev and Fitzhugh bolt to catch
text: up with him. When they do, Cole is facing down --
text: -- the 1958 Austin-Healey. He steps up to the plate, draws
text: back the fireplace poker and WHACK! A headlight goes flying.
text: Braniff arrives, cringes at the destruction.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Ah, Jesus.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Now he cares...
text: WHACK! There goes the other headlight.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Cole, that’s an Austin-Healey! They
dialog: don’t make those anymore.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Not like doormen. They make new
dialog: ones of those all the time.
speaker_heading: WHACK!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: And the people who PARK YOUR CARS
dialog: (whack!) and SHINE YOUR SHOES?!
dialog: I’m sure they'll have no trouble
speaker_heading: REPLACING (whack!) their LIFE
speaker_heading: SAVINGS!
speaker_heading: DEV’ REAUX
dialog: (fuck it)
dialog: Shit, lemme have a swing!
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Susan!! Call the FBI!!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Don’t bother. I’m done here.
text: That’s not quite true. He takes one last WHACK at the
text: windshield, spiderwebbing it, then tosses the fire poker
text: aside like he’s hit a walk-off homer.
text: IN THE LIVING ROOM, Susan Braniff is on the phone.
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: -- yes, he’s here right now. He’s
dialog: destroying the place --
text: Cole enters, finds the phone line, rips it from the wall.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I‘1l send a man up in the morning
dialog: to fix that.
text: He exits. Followed by Fitzhugh and Dev’reaux.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Folks. Pleasure meeting you.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: (as he closes the door)
dialog: Merry Christmas, everybody.
text: Off Susan Braniff, stunned, and Arthur Braniff, pissed --
speaker_heading: DEV’REAUX (0.S.CONT’D) (CONT'D)
dialog: (through the door)
dialog: Now this is one HELL of a building!
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: INT. PJ CLARKS -- AN HOUR LATER
text: Holiday revelers sing karaoke and get hammered at the bar. In
text: the back, Cole, Dev’reaux, Fitzhugh and Charlie huddle in a
text: booth; the mood here is funereal.
speaker_heading: DEV’ REAUX
dialog: How do you steal sixty billion
dialog: dollars?! I mean, nobody sit up
dialog: after the first ten billion gone
dialog: and say, whoa! lLet’s change the
dialog: locks?!
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: The bigger the lie, the more brazen
dialog: you are telling it, the more
dialog: people’1ll buy it. That’s what they
dialog: taught us at Wharton.
dialog: (to Cole)
dialog: You talk to Lester? He doing
dialog: alright?
text: Cole nods, lost in his thoughts. Charlie notes his demeanor.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Cole? You okay? There are other
dialog: jobs, you know.
text: Cole’s not listening. Charlie, Fitz and Dev exchange
text: glances, worried. Then:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: How much you guys know about
dialog: interior design?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That’s not a career for these
dialog: times! Those guys are working for
dialog: food!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Something funny about the Braniff
dialog: place. Remember they hired that
dialog: hot-shot designer..? And he ripped
dialog: everything up...?
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF PENTHOUSE -- YEARS AGO
text: A major redo. Hard hats tear up floors and knock down walls
text: as a MALE INTERIOR DESIGNER walks the job with Cole,
text: gesticulating at his work.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: COLE (V.0O.)
text: He went around yammering about how
dialog: much he hated walls, and how
dialog: everything had to be open, open,
dialog: open...? So...
text: They pass a WALL in the middle of the living room.
scene_heading: INT. UPTOWN SALOON - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: -- why’d they leave that one wall
dialog: dead in the middle of the place?
text: Charlie stares at Cole.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're fired from your job in the
dialog: worst economy since the dust bowl
dialog: and that’s what’s on your mind? A
dialog: wall?
text: Cole doesn’t answer. His mind is going a mile a minute. He
text: turns to Fitzhugh.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Your living room has the same lay-
dialog: out as Braniff’s, right?
dialog: (Fitz nods)
dialog: Your kids in bed yet?
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: (this is awkward)
text: They’re asleep. They’re not in
dialog: bed.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- FITZHUGH’S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: The four men tip-toe into Fitzhugh’s apartment. It’s dark
text: but everyone can see: what used to be a cozily-appointed home
text: is now nearly empty, almost totally bereft of furniture.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: The mortgage obviously came
dialog: first... we had to downscale...
dialog: (despite his brave face,
dialog: he’s torn up over this)
dialog: I think my wife’s hiding back
dialog: there... she'll be embarrassed I’ve
dialog: got people over. Doesn’t want you
dialog: to see the sleeping bags... I’m
dialog: just gonna kiss them goodnight...
dialog: 51.
text: He goes. Cole moves to the wall matching the one in
text: Braniff’s place. He starts tapping along it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Cole, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Checking if this wall is load-
dialog: bearing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I know, I mean: what are you doing
dialog: checking if it’s load-bearing?
text: Clunk. A hollow sound. Cole taps all around it. Smiles.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: What’d you find?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Space. Braniff knocked down every
dialog: unnecessary wall but this one. Why
dialog: do you think he did that?
text: Charlie moves close enough to Cole to whisper:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Would you tell me what's going
dialog: through your head?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: No.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- COLE’S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: Cole goes through old records in the middle of the night.
text: Finds the file he’s looking for, withdraws it.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAND ARMY PLAZA -- CHRISTMAS DAY
text: The square is awash with New Yorkers and tourists alike,
text: bundled up in holiday garb. Cole stands waiting by Pulitzer
text: Fountain. Then, across the square -- -- Jillian Denham
text: arrives. In civilian clothes and all the more attractive for
dialog: it, so we will now refer to her as JILLIAN.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Merry Christmas.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Thank you for meeting me. I hope I
dialog: didn’t take you away from anything.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Nothing I’d want a second date
dialog: with. You?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Just a houseguest.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: We heard. Lester feeling better?
dialog: (Cole nods)
dialog: We also heard about your run-in
dialog: with Braniff. You know, you
dialog: violated three federal laws by
dialog: going up there.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Because of that, a lot of people
dialog: down at the bureau want to buy you
text: a drink.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Does that include you?
text: She smiles.
scene_heading: INT. ELAINE’S - NIGHT
text: Jillian and Cole are midway through a couple of martinis,
dialog: which are tasting very, very good about now. The paper with
text: the layout of Braniff’s penthouse is rolled out in front of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: You really think the 20 million is
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: There’s no other place it could be.
dialog: They knocked down every non-load-
text: bearing wall in the place except
dialog: one.
dialog: (withdraws more evidence,
dialog: a Tower sign-in sheet)
dialog: Here -- see? A delivery and
dialog: installation to Braniff’s penthouse
dialog: from an “H&J Security.” They sell
dialog: and install safes.
dialog: (taps the layout wall)
dialog: I think there’s a safe in this
dialog: wall. Like you said: if you had
dialog: that much money, you’d keep it
dialog: close.
text: She scours the layout, intrigued. Then, looks away.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: No, look, I think it’s there--
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: No -- I bet you're right.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Then why “shit?”
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: (hands the layout back)
dialog: You never showed me this.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: I didn’t hear any of this.
text: Cole studies her now: is she joking? No.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Word came down yesterday. The
text: bureau is officially hands-off as
text: far as Arthur Braniff is concerned.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: What do you mean “hands off"?
dialog: You’re not going to prosecute?
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: No, it’s too public to do nothing,
dialog: but... they’1ll make a deal, he’1ll
text: give up a few cohorts and they’1l
dialog: all do a little time. Not hard
dialog: time mind you, a year maybe ina
dialog: club fed.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: After everything he’s done? Who in
dialog: the hell would want to protect
dialog: that--
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: We think Braniff has files on
dialog: people, some very rich, very
dialog: powerful people. We have strict
dialog: orders: Do-Not-Touch.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: So whether it’s in a safe in that
text: wall or in a helium balloon over
dialog: Tribecca, he’s gonna walk away from
dialog: all this with a twenty million
dialog: dollar parachute.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You're kidding me.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: I was funny once.
dialog: (re the drink)
dialog: Want another one?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I, ah, I never have seconds.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Moderation in all things. Probably
dialog: wise.
text: Cole plays with his swizzle stick for a moment, then suddenly
text: slaps his palm down on the bar.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: And look where it’s gotten me!
dialog: Grade-grubbing, student loans,
dialog: trainee programs, years and years,
dialog: every i dotted, every t crossed,
text: every form filled out, punctual,
text: loyal, crossing on green, waiting
text: on red, inching my way up bit by
dialog: bit, grovel by grovel, to some kind
dialog: of white collar “security” that’s
dialog: never secure... because I’m not
dialog: one of them!!
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Yeah. The rich are very, very
text: clubby. They look out for each
dialog: other. And no one else.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: They don’t know us, they don’t see
dialog: us, they don’t think about us --
text: His head comes up. Suddenly, under his breath:
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT’D)
dialog: They’d never see us coming.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Oh, no, no, no, whatever you just
dialog: said, I did not hear.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Oh, but you know what I--
text: She covers her ears like a child:
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: La la la! I can’t hear you! I
dialog: can’t hear you! La la la la!
text: She shoots him a sly look, though. He laughs.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: And I thought I wasn’t going to
dialog: like you for not hearing things.
text: She smiles at him. Cole pays the check.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well... it’s been eye-opening.
text: They get up off their stools, friends now. He’s still
dialog: thinking, a mile a minute.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Too bad I’m banned from the
dialog: building for life.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: I’m sure Mr. Simon felt that way.
dialog: Until he started thinking about
dialog: finding someone who knows every
dialog: inch of that building from the
text: tiniest crack in the mortar to the
text: steel in the beams, the name of
dialog: every resident, who keeps his mouth
dialog: shut about where the bodies are
dialog: buried, doesn’t complain, moves
dialog: like lightening and makes everyone
dialog: around him look good -- ONE DAY
scene_heading: BEFORE CHRISTMAS.
text: Cole blinks. He hadn’t thought about it in exactly that
dialog: light.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- MONDAY MORNING
text: Arthur Braniff pours coffee from a sterling silver pot and
text: offers it to Cole, who declines.
dialog: 56.
text: Braniff offers it instead to Mr. Simon, who receives it
text: gladly. They sit around Braniff’s dining room, a picture of
dialog: civility.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Nothing for you, Cole? Water?
text: Cole demurs.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Mr. Braniff, let me say how
dialog: gracious you’ve been in all this.
dialog: What happened over the holiday,
dialog: what Mr. Howard did coming up here,
dialog: was wholly inexcusable.
dialog: It’s a testament to your
dialog: generosity, sir, that he is allowed
text: on the premises.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: It’s a trying time for everyone. I
dialog: don’t blame anybody for losing
dialog: their cool given what they’ve been
dialog: hearing in the press. And Mr.
dialog: Howard’s too valuable an asset to
dialog: the building to lose over a silly
dialog: flare-up. I’m sure he regrets what
dialog: he did.
text: Braniff smiles at Cole, which nearly sets him off. But today
text: Cole’s keeping his cool.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Mr. Howard volunteered to come here
dialog: this morning to apologize, in the
dialog: hopes we might put this unseemly
dialog: incident behind us. Mr. Howard?
text: Everyone faces Cole. Braniff. Mrs. Braniff, standing
text: guardedly in a doorway. Even Jillian, here to monitor the
text: visit. Cole chooses his words carefully.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Mr. Braniff, I deeply regret what
dialog: transpired between us last week. If
dialog: I could go back, I’d behave much
dialog: differently. Please know that my
dialog: estimation of your character hasn’t
dialog: wavered a bit throughout this
dialog: ordeal, and that today I hold you
dialog: in the same respect I always have.
text: To Mr. Simon's ears this sounds like the proper kowtowing.
dialog: But Braniff knows: Cole is saying go-fuck-yourself.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: And let me say that I know your
dialog: job’s tough. I mean, resentments
dialog: are bound to bubble up when you
dialog: feel sometimes like a... a
text: glorified servant.
text: He says this affably, but it is giant FUCK YOU back to Cole.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: As for Mr. Braniff’s automobile?
text: Cole’s eyes briefly flit to “The Wall,” then back to Braniff.
dialog: He’s made his decision.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Sir, I will pay you back for all
dialog: the damage that’s been done.
dialog: And Braniff knows what Cole means: I’m coming for you. And
dialog: it kind of makes him smile. Hey-ho, let’s go.
scene_heading: MUSIC KICKS IN, TRANSPORTING US TO --
scene_heading: INT. DRESS FACTORY FLOOR -- GARMENT DISTRICT -- DAY
dialog: Lines and lines of Chinese immigrants sewing this year’s
text: fashions for three dollars-an-hour. Sweatshop, U.S.A.
scene_heading: INT. DRESS FACTORY -- BACK OFFICE -- CONTINOUS
text: The factory MANAGER, a diminutive Chinese man, plays lookout
text: at the door. A PAIR OF HANDS massages an office safe’s dial.
text: To the right: click-click-click. To the left: clack-clack-
text: clack. Then: click-clack-click.
text: The hands belong to SLIDE LINDUS. Cole’s childhood friend.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Open says me.
text: The safe complies. The Manager pushes Slide aside to get
text: inside the safe but first Slide plucks up a band of cash from
text: within. The Manager protests in Cantonese but...
speaker_heading: SLIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah-ah-ah-ah. Don’t even think
dialog: about paying me in merchandise. You
dialog: ain’t got nothing my size.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT. DRESS FACTORY -- ELEVATOR -- LATER
text: Slide rides down surrounded by Chinese seamstresses, a good
text: foot-and-a-half taller than the bunch. He smiles at them.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Any you ladies a masseuse?
dialog: (his cell RINGS; he reacts
dialog: to the ID and picks up)
dialog: Old King Cole, you merry old soul,
dialog: why are you admitting you know me?
scene_heading: EXT. UNION SQUARE COFFEE SHOP -- DAY
text: Slide enters the restaurant, approaches Cole in a booth near
text: a window.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Promise you won’t laugh.
scene_heading: EXT. 5TH AVENUE -- DAY
text: FROM A DISTANCE AWAY: Cole and Slide bestride the sidewalk,
dialog: Cole doing the talking, Slide the listening. Then, about
text: halfway down the block, Slide stops in his tracks and stares
text: at Cole. We can’t hear what he says but we can imagine. Cole
text: smiles and insists: no, he’s not fucking with him.
text: A BLOCK AWAY AND WE’RE HIGH ABOVE THE STREET NOW as Cole and
text: Slide round a corner. Cole points up and Slide looks.
text: REVERSE: LOOKING PAST COLE AND SLIDE, UP AT THE TOWER,
text: specifically the penthouse. Slide looks upon it the way some
text: men look upon Everest, with ambition and abject terror.
text: And thus begins a RECRUITMENT MONTAGE --
scene_heading: EXT. MCCARREN PARK --— BROOKLYN -- DAY
text: -- BEGINNING WITH DEV’REAUX, who is walking along, suddenly
text: aware of a PRESENCE walking behind him. Flicking a glance
text: backwards, he sees a GUY with A BASEBALL BAT. Heart
text: pounding, he picks up speed, afraid to break out into a dead
text: run, but veering off the path to the left.
text: The guy keeps walking. Then approaches HIS 10 YEAR OLD KID,
text: tousles his hair and hands him the bat, pulling out a
text: SOFTBALL. Just a Dad and son, playing ball.
text: Dev exhales. Then stiffens, sensing more presences. Turns
text: to find COLE and SLIDE standing behind him.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Don’t you get tired of jumping out
dialog: of your skin like that?
speaker_heading: DEV’ REAUX
dialog: What you doing here?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: How much do you owe those guys?
dialog: And don’t say “what guys,” I know
dialog: when you've been sleeping, I know
dialog: when you're awake.”
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Okay. I made a few... optimistic
dialog: predictions.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: --Dumb-ass bets--
text: Dev’reaux really doesn’t get it. Stares at Cole.
speaker_heading: DEV’ REAUX
dialog: How come you not firing me?
scene_heading: INT. A ONE DOLLAR STORE -- DAY
text: ON THE WHEELS OF A BABY STROLLER rolling along... pushed by
text: Fitzhugh, spending an afternoon comparing pathetically ultra-
text: low prices on hideous canned meat. Cole falls in alongside
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Fitz. What if there was a way in
dialog: this lifetime to permanently avoid
dialog: Spam?
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: You know, there are some people who
dialog: actually like Spam.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You’re not one of them.
scene_heading: EXT. COLE’S BUILDING -- NIGHT
text: Cole loads a misty-eyed Lester into a taxi.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Mr. Howard, I don’t know how to...
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Sh-sh. No need, Lester.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: (as they shake)
dialog: Thank you... Cole.
text: Lester gets in; the cab goes. Cole looks up. Sprinkled
text: around the block, waiting, are Charlie, Slide, Dev’reaux and
text: Fitzhugh. Cole gives the signal: coast’s clear, c’mon in.
scene_heading: INT. COLE’S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Our five guys sit around a fold-out card table. Cole has
text: just laid out, with Slide’s help, “the plan.” The others sit
text: stunned into silence by the audacity of it. After a spell,
text: Charlie leans forward and speaks. Very, very slowly.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah. Good, good thinking. Let’s
text: just rob the penthouse apartment of
dialog: the building we work in -- with the
text: tenant still inside -- with FBI
text: agents STATIONED OUTSIDE THE FRONT
dialog: DOOR, WITH security cameras -- to
dialog: steal twenty million that MIGHT be
text: in there -- IN THE MIDDLE OF OUR
dialog: SHIFT?!
text: There’s no mistaking Charlie’s tone for enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: It’s a little frisky, I admit.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why don’t I just pull out a bomb on
dialog: an airplane? Same odds of getting
dialog: away!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What do you think, Fitz?
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Can you come back to me?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You said it: if you’re gonna
dialog: steal, steal big.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Listen, I am beyond comfortable
dialog: with white collar crime...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH (CONT'D)
dialog: no matter how much you steal, if
dialog: you do it with decimal points
dialog: instead of a crowbar...? Worst
dialog: case, you’re out in two.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: How far out you got our asses
dialog: hanging on this thing?
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Your jobs are compartmentalized.
dialog: In fact, technically you wouldn't
dialog: be doing anything illegal.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (he doesn’t want to skirt
dialog: the truth)
dialog: Well -- aiding and abetting.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (exasperated, to Cole)
dialog: You’ve lost your mind.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Look. Braniff’s gonna walk away
dialog: clean on this thing with 20 million
dialog: dollars unless we do something.
dialog: The five of us. You see? We’re
dialog: the cavalry.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, yeah, cavalry! A concierge, a
text: building manager, an elevator
dialog: operator... and this one -- this
dialog: guy I don’t know from Adam -- your
dialog: childhood buddy who YOU trust
dialog: because he’s been stealing since
dialog: you were in your playpen--?
text: It’s a moment of truth between Charlie and Cole. They hold
text: each other’s stares.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Charlie... You know why I’m doing
dialog: this, don’t you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, yeah, ‘cause of Lester.
dialog: The man is 74 years old, you're
dialog: gonna throw your life away for a --
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Cause if we don’t do this, we’re
dialog: all gonna be Lester!
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: I’m in!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: ... Work hard for fifty years, play
dialog: by the rules, then wind up with
dialog: nothing!
text: A beat. We sense Charlie almost wavering. But...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I got a family.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Then take care of them. ‘Cause no
dialog: one else will.
text: Another beat. Cole pulls out all the stops.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, Charlie.
dialog: It’s the first time he’s ever called Charlie by his first
text: name, and we see it hit, in Charlie’s eyes. But then.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Low, low blow my friend.
text: He starts to leave the room, turns at the door.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Any other time? That would've
dialog: meant a lot.
text: He goes. A beat.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: You want me to kill him?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Would you stop?! He’s not going to
dialog: tell anybody.
text: But Cole is nervous. Fitzhugh speaks up.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: When I am faced with a decision I
dialog: generally make lists of pros and
dialog: cons...?
dialog: (waves the paper he’s been
dialog: writing on)
dialog: And it seems that...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH (CONT'D)
dialog: I would rather do hard time as
dialog: someone’s bitch than see my family
text: living in a car.
text: Slide turns to Cole and smiles -- they have their crew!
scene_heading: EXT. COLE’S BUILDING -- ROOF -- DAY
text: A cold day in February. There will be no TRAINING MONTAGE
dialog: cause there’s nothing to train for. There’s only this: our
text: four guys -- Cole, Slide, Dev and Fitzhugh -- bundled up in
text: overcoats, freezing their asses off on Cole’s frozen roof.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: OK, day of the heist, we’ve got to
dialog: be prepared for different
dialog: potentialities.
text: (as Fitzhugh opens his
dialog: mouth)
dialog: No, that’s not a word. Don’t care.
dialog: (Dev raises his hand)
dialog: Yeah, Dev?
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Why are we outside? My balls are
dialog: sno-cones.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Yeah, can’t we go in? I can’t
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Exactly why we’re up here. We
dialog: don’t know how cold that day’s
dialog: going to be, could be raining,
dialog: could be hailing frogs. We've
dialog: gotta be able to think on our feet.
dialog: Okay so let’s say it turns out to
dialog: be diamonds in Braniff’s safe. No
dialog: problem, we put ‘em in our pocket.
dialog: But what if it’s a stack of cash
dialog: the size of...
text: Cole points to an old rotting refrigerator box on the roof.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: We could throw it down the garbage
dialog: chute, pick it up downstairs.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Okay, but how do we control the
dialog: trash room?
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: (to Slide)
dialog: You’re the professional, you tell
dialog: us.
text: Slide looks from man to man to man, amused: this is who he’s
text: working with. Then, he crosses to the refrigerator box --
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Here’s what we do.
text: -- plucks it up, tears it in two and crams it in an empty
text: trash can. He sets his Zippo to it. Dev and Fitz gather
text: around to warm their hands.
speaker_heading: SLIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: We lucky enough to get in and outta
dialog: that penthouse with his shit,
text: gettin’ it out of the building's
dialog: the fun part!
text: The men stare at him. What?! Fun? Slide turns to Cole.
speaker_heading: SLIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Cole)
dialog: When you thinking we do this?
text: Cole joins the fire, his confidence shaken just a tad.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: A day where people are very, very
text: distracted.
dialog: BAGPIPES and DRUMS transport us weeks ahead, to --
scene_heading: EXT. 5TH AVENUE -- DAY
text: -- THE SAINT PATRICK’S DAY PARADE. Running straight up 5th
text: Avenue. The sidewalks teem with onlookers.
text: It’s March 16th. The day of the heist.
text: REVELERS -- beefy, Irish looking blowhards, are tussling in
text: the street. Three of them pick up a fourth and stuff him in
text: a garbage can, all of them howling with laughter.
dialog: Looming high above the parade -- lest we forget how very,
dialog: very tall it is -- is The Tower.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- DAY
text: Lester is back on the job. He monitors the crazed crowds
text: through the front window as Fitzhugh comes up beside him.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Who is St. Patrick, anyway?
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
text: The Patron Saint of cirrhosis.
dialog: (a hand on his shoulder)
dialog: Good to have you back, Lester.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- COLE’S OFFICE -- DAY - TIGHT ON
text: Cole’s fingers drumming on his desk. He’s nervous. MISS
text: HOLLINGSWORTH stands before him, bitching, her 100 YEAR OLD
text: MOTHER, OLD MRS. HOLLINGSWORTH in a wheelchair beside her,
text: catatonic. (We saw Miss H. before, bitching to Cole in the
dialog: early montage.)
scene_heading: MISS HOLLINGSWORTH
dialog: .--but Mother has to get her pills
dialog: at EXACTLY NOON. And if you’ve
dialog: given Rosie the day off! Who’s
dialog: going to--
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Rosie’s had an emergency. I've
dialog: arranged a substitute.
scene_heading: MISS HOLLINGSWORTH
dialog: (grudgingly accepting)
dialog: Hmpf .
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- FITZHUGH’S APARTMENT -- DAY
text: Kids scream and frolic, herded into coats by Mrs. Fitzhugh.
text: In the bedroom, Fitzhugh tries to steel his courage.
speaker_heading: MRS. FITZHUGH (0.S.)
dialog: Honey! We’re going!
text: Fitzhugh steps out. Hugs each kid deeply -- will he be
text: behind bars next time he sees them? -- kisses his wife.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: I love you.
scene_heading: MRS. FITZHUGH
dialog: (off his intensity)
dialog: Yeesh. We're going away one night,
dialog: what’s up with you?
text: She searches his face.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Nothing!
scene_heading: MRS. FITZHUGH
dialog: I’d think it was another woman but
dialog: you can’t even take her to
dialog: MacDonald's.
text: They laugh grimly. He hugs her tight.
scene_heading: THEIR LITTLE BOY
dialog: Does Grandma have ice cream?
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: (mortified)
dialog: Yes. Because Grandma has a
dialog: freezer.
text: Fitzhugh watches them to the elevator and Mrs. Fitzhugh blows
text: him a kiss before she disappears. Fitz catches it, scared.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- DAY
text: Charlie organizes the front desk. As far as he knows, it’s
text: just another day. Until he eyes Cole and Dev exit the back
text: halls together and his antennae go up. Maybe it’s the
text: conspiratorial way Cole sends Dev off on an errand.
text: As Cole passes by, they trade nods: in the weeks since
text: Charlie bowed out, a chilly distance has grown between them.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- DAY
text: Susan Braniff dresses in her massive walk-in closet with
text: floor-to-ceiling shoe shelves as her husband sits atop their
text: bed talking on his cell.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: -- no, Marty, I won’t, I don’t
dialog: care, that’s too long. Go back,
dialog: no, listen to me, go back and offer
dialog: five months and tell ‘em I’1l give
dialog: up Myerson, Witt and Golding --
dialog: (aside, to Susan)
dialog: -- could you ask Cunningham or
dialog: whoever’s on sentry today to get
dialog: lunch? I’m starved --
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: (weary of her stay-at-home
dialog: husband's demands)
dialog: -- yes, I'll ask Cunningham or
dialog: whomever’s on sentry --
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: -- and ask him to go ahead and
dialog: order, will ya? I’m gonna be on
dialog: with Marty a while longer --
dialog: (back on the phone)
dialog: -- whatya mean they don’t care
dialog: about Golding, he was up to his
dialog: tits in this --
text: WE GO WITH SUSAN through the apartment as she plucks up her
text: purse. She hesitates at an envelope with two theater tickets
text: peeking out, takes them too. She exits into the elevator
text: anteroom where young AGENT CUNNINGHAM keeps sentry.
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: Ah, so it’s you today, Agent--
scene_heading: AGENT CUNNINGHAM
dialog: (hates this gig, hates
dialog: her)
dialog: Cunningham. I’ve only told you a
dialog: dozen times, ma’am.
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: You people all blur in my mind. My
dialog: husband wants his lunch now.
text: She presses the elevator call-button and --
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- ELEVATOR -- CONTINUOUS
text: -- ‘PH’ lights up on a panel. Washington reports in his mic:
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
text: Headed up to the penthouse.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BACK HALLWAYS -- CONTINUOUS
text: Cole hears this on his walkie/takes out his cell/dials.
scene_heading: INT. MISS HOLLINGSWORTH’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: The stringy, Miss Hollingsworth gestures contemptuously at
text: OLD MRS. HOLLINGSWORTH in a wheelchair -- Brooke Astor
text: incarnate. In front of the aged lady is a tray with Jell-o
text: and on the tray, SEVERAL PILLS.
scene_heading: MISS HOLLINGSWORTH
dialog: Now, she gets very agitated -- I
dialog: need you to help me hold her while
dialog: you give her the pills.
dialog: 68.
text: The CAMERA turns around. And we see that the ATTENDANT
text: helping her... is DEV’REAUX.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Yes, yes... they explained it all
dialog: to me, ma’am. At your service.
text: As they approach the old lady, she moans and shrinks in
text: terror. Dev can’t help but notice:
speaker_heading: DEV’REAUX (CONT’D)
dialog: She really don’t like ‘em, does
dialog: she?
scene_heading: MISS HOLLINGSWORTH
dialog: It’s total dementia. She doesn’t
dialog: know what’s best for her.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Yes, ma’am.
text: As Miss Hollingsworth holds her mother, Dev’reaux RAISES THE
text: PILLS to the woman’s lips...
text: ...then PALMS THEM.
text: Is that a flicker of appreciation in the old woman’s eyes?
dialog: We’re not sure.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- FITZHUGH’S APARTMENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: The place is nearly empty now. A sofa, a cabinet, little
text: else left. Fitz sits, eyes closed, when RIINNG.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Yes, Mr. Howard?
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: Mr. Fitzhugh, you’re up.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- ELEVATOR -- DAY
text: Washington and Mrs. Braniff ride in silence. DING! Fitzhugh
text: steps aboard. Smiles are exchanged.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Hello. Sorry, we met around
dialog: Christmas. I’m Chase Fitzhugh.
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: (an unpleasant memory)
dialog: I remember.
dialog: 69.
text: The doors close.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: (making conversation)
dialog: off to lunch?
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: My friends tell me it’s unwise to
dialog: be seen eating out these days. They
dialog: mean it’s unwise for them to be
dialog: seen eating out with me these days.
text: Fitzhugh feigns empathy.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: How awful! You did nothing wrong.
dialog: (spots the theater tix)
dialog: Ah, you have tickets for a matinee.
dialog: What show?
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: These? Someone dropped them off
dialog: yesterday, someone I obviously
dialog: don’t know, because I despise
dialog: Shakespeare.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: (through clenched teeth)
dialog: Just a mass of cliches, isn’t he?
text: Nodding in agreement, she RIPS THE TICKETS IN HALF, tosses
text: them. Fitzhugh sighs. Strike one.
text: DING! They exit.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- STAFF KITCHEN -- CONTINUOUS
text: Cole withdraws a cake from a hiding place. Sets it alongside
text: a cake knife, plastic forks, paper plates, etc.. Licks
text: frosting off his hand --
scene_heading: MS. DOLOWITZ
dialog: Mr. Howard, you wanted to see me?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Yes, Ms. Dolowitz. Would you
dialog: assemble the maid staff in the
dialog: package room please?
scene_heading: MS. DOLOWITZ
dialog: (nervous )
dialog: Now?
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: No job cuts. Don’t worry.
dialog: (she moves to use her mic)
dialog: Radio silence if you would.
text: Ms. Dolowitz thinks it odd but obeys. As she goes, Dev
text: arrives in the doorway. He nods: mission accomplished.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY
text: Charlie tracks Mrs. B and Fitz out the elevator door and
text: across the lobby as Cole appears.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Mr. Gibbs, Mr. Svichkar, may I see
dialog: you both in the package room?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (on guard, resistant)
dialog: Who’1l watch the desk?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Mr. Dev’reaux can.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (fuck)
dialog: Certainly.
text: Dev comes around to man the front desk. Svichkar heads into
text: the package room and Charlie follows him, reluctantly.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- FRONT ENTRANCE -- DAY
text: Susan Braniff exits the Tower, followed by Fitzhugh.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Thanks, Lester.
dialog: (to Mrs. B)
dialog: Beautiful day. You know what I
dialog: love to do on days like today? Take
text: the ferry to Staten Island. Out on
dialog: the water, feel the breeze, drink a
dialog: little chablis...
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: (a brushback)
dialog: Then I think you should go do that.
dialog: Good afternoon, Mr. Fetzer.
text: She goes. Foiled, Fitz gives her a moment, then tails her.
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- PACKAGE ROOM -- DAY
text: Charlie joins Washington, Dolowitz, the maids and other staff
text: here. Cole signals them to enter quietly.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Cole, what are you --
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Sh-sh-sh.
text: (then, in a stern voice)
dialog: Ms. Perez, a word with you.
text: Perez’s had her nose in the mail until now; she looks up,
text: surprised to find so many people in her workspace.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT’D)
dialog: Ms. Perez, your job here is to
dialog: monitor the delivery of incoming
dialog: and outgoing mail. And yet the
dialog: most important letter this building
dialog: may receive all year slipped your
dialog: attention.
dialog: (withdraws an envelope)
dialog: From the “American Bar
dialog: Association?”
text: She swallows hard as he hands over the letter. Everyone in
text: the room looks hopeful for her. She opens it, starts to
text: read...and her eyes well up.
speaker_heading: PEREZ
dialog: I passed!
dialog: (everybody cheers)
dialog: How did you know?! I might’ve
dialog: flunked!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I know exactly how much time you
dialog: had to study. Congrats, counselor.
text: Cole reveals the cake from the kitchen. As Perez cuts the
text: first slice, Cole glances at Charlie, who feels foolish for
dialog: being so paranoid. However --
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- CONTINUOUS
text: -- at the front desk, Dev has seized the moment to dismantle
text: the front desk switchboard and detach Braniff’s phone line.
speaker_heading: COLE (0.S.)
dialog: Mr. Dev’reaux, piece of cake?
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: You betcha.
text: As Dev’reaux reaches for his slice his hand brushes against
text: Cole’s, and COLE PALMS SOMETHING out of Dev’s hand.
dialog: One guess what.
scene_heading: EXT. 5TH AVENUE -- DAY
text: Mrs. Braniff navigates a path through the St. Patty’s Day
text: revelers. Not far behind Fitzhugh keeps an inconspicuous
text: tail. She diverts onto a side street and he mirrors her.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- DAY
text: A DELIVERY GUY from the neighborhood deli enters. He salutes
dialog: Charlie, back at his post --
speaker_heading: DELIVERY GUY
text: Lunch for Rapunzel.
text: -- and Charlie waves him on through. Just then Cole emerges
text: with two slices of cake in hand.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Just a sec. Do me a favor and take
dialog: these up to Mr. and Mrs. Braniff?
dialog: We’re all pretty torn up that
dialog: they’re unjustly imprisoned this
dialog: way and can’t be part of our
dialog: celebration, and they do love
dialog: German chocolate cake...
dialog: (the Delivery Guy glares
dialog: at him: you kidding?)
dialog: I know, “do it yourself,” but see,
dialog: the FBI draws guns when there's
dialog: extra people up there... Here, let
dialog: me take these and you take these...
text: And before the Delivery Guy can protest, Cole’s taken his
text: delivery pouch from him and loaded him with two plates of
text: cake, forks, napkins, etc. Charlie knows something is up.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Got ‘em? Great. Thanks.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY GUY
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Next time wait on the prick
dialog: yourself.
dialog: 73.
text: Charlie’s antennae are up again. He turns to see: the entire
text: Tower staff is eating cake. Uh-oh. He sets down his slice.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- FRONT ENTRANCE -- DAY
text: A SQUADRON OF MOUNTED COPS pass by, on parade.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Braniff watches the parade from his window, on the phone.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: No -- wait -- no -- THURSDAY? I
dialog: want to be out of here MONDAY --
dialog: I’ve got a villa reserved in Como--
dialog: OK, OK, yeah. If you can get that,
dialog: close it. Let’s make the deal and
dialog: be done with it.
dialog: (he hangs up; there’s a
text: KNOCK at the door)
dialog: Yeah?
scene_heading: AGENT CUNNINGHAM
dialog: (sticks his head in)
dialog: Lunch is here.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- FRONT ENTRANCE -- DAY
text: ON A PAIR OF FLORSHEIM WINGTIPS CLICKING ALONG THE SIDEWALK.
text: They belong to a man in a Brooks Brothers suit, bespectacled,
text: carrying a briefcase. He approaches the Tower.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: May I help you, sir?
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: (a mid-Atlantic accent)
dialog: Yes, I’m here to see an apartment.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- DAY
text: The Delivery Guy places sandwiches on Braniff’s dining table.
text: And the TWO SLICES OF CAKE.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: (re: the cake)
dialog: What’s this shit?
speaker_heading: DELIVERY GUY
dialog: They gamme it downstairs, some guy.
text: Braniff eyes the cake, uneasy.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: Not the manager?
speaker_heading: DELIVERY GUY
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Was he supercilious?
speaker_heading: DELIVERY GUY
dialog: --Expi-alidocious!
text: The delivery guy gives him a fuck-you grin. Braniff scowls,
text: pays the guy. And pointedly gives him a ONE CENT tip. When
text: the delivery guy and Cunningham are gone, Braniff takes his
dialog: food straight to the kitchen --
text: -- and dumps the cake in the trash. He’s not taking any
text: chances if it was sent up by Cole. Then: he unwraps his
text: corned beef sandwich and takes a bite.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- COLE'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Cole bites into an identical corned beef sandwich. Charlie
text: appears in his doorway.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Dijon?! How ivory tower, Dijon on
dialog: corned beef...!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: If that was Braniff’s, you sure
dialog: they all obeyed your order about
dialog: not spitting in it?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: They always obey my...
text: He thinks. Hm. He drops the sandwich in the trash.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Stop this. Now. So far the worst
dialog: you've done is, what, drug the man?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: That is a horrible accusation.
dialog: He ain’t sayin’ a thing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He can still just wake up, never
dialog: know what happened. If you keep
dialog: going with this...
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What, Charlie? You'll call the
dialog: cops on me? After all the years
dialog: we've worked side by side?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Don’t make me choose.
text: We see, on his desk, PICTURES of Charlie with a WIFE and
text: KIDS. Also children’s DRAWINGS -- Fathers Day Cards. Cole
text: sees what Charlie has to lose. He nods.
dialog: Over both their walkies:
speaker_heading: SVICHKAR’S VOICE
dialog: Mr. Howard, I have a Mr. Bissell
dialog: here to see you.
text: Cole starts out. Charlie shoots him a look -- don’t!
text: Cole measures him, goes anyway.
scene_heading: INT. CHOPSTIX NAIL SALON -- MIDTOWN -- DAY
text: Korean manicurists start in on Mrs. Braniff’s hands and feet;
text: she lies back, towel over her eyes, indulged to the max.
text: Fitzhugh monitors from across the street, checks his watch.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- DAY
text: Slide, in costume, speaks to Svichkar at the front desk.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: -- I spoke to Mr. Fitzhugh himself
dialog: and he assured me it was fine.
speaker_heading: SVICHKAR
dialog: We still have to follow protocol.
dialog: (Cole arrives)
dialog: Mr. Howard, this is Mr. Bissell. He
dialog: was hoping to view the Fitzhugh
text: property but they’re not at home.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Not a problem. I'’11 show you up.
text: Emerging behind Cole, Charlie takes one look at Slide in his
text: pinstripe suit and can’t contain himself.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, c'mon, you gotta be, you can’t
dialog: expect anyone’ll believe this...
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: SVICHKAR
dialog: Mr. Howard, we don’t have clearance
dialog: from the Fitzhughs.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: That’s okay, Mr. Svichkar. Come,
dialog: Mr. Bissell, elevators’re this way.
text: Charlie spots Mr. Simon entering the lobby and recognizes his
text: chance to safely sabotage Cole’s heist.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (too loudly)
dialog: Are you forgetting that we need
dialog: written consent from an owner
dialog: before admitting any visitor into
dialog: their unit?
dialog: (Cole keeps moving)
dialog: Isn’t that right, Mr. Simon?!
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: (finally paying notice)
dialog: Is there a problem, Mr. Howard?
text: Cole stops, shoots Charlie a look: well played. Then:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I have the situation under control,
dialog: Mr. Simon.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: What situation?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This gentleman is here to see the
text: Fitzhugh apartment. Unfortunately
dialog: we have no written consent from
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Then there’s no issue. He can’t go
dialog: up.
text: Advantage: Charlie. Cole’s stymied. He’s rescued by --
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Perhaps I can shed some light,
dialog: Mister...?
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Simon, Tower property manager.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Morris Bissell, Liberty Mutual. My
text: bank handles the Fitzhugh mortgage.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Don’t you mean “handled?”
text: He snickers at his own (unfunny) joke. Slide draws Mr. Simon
dialog: aside, for discretion’s sake. Meanwhile, Mr. Lindus
text: approaches/distracts Charlie.
speaker_heading: LINDUS
dialog: ...why are all these people
dialog: outside?...
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Recently we were forced to
text: foreclose on the Fitzhughs, sadly.
dialog: We allowed them a thirty-day grace
dialog: period to move but technically the
dialog: bank is now tenant of record so...
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Sorry, your name again was...?
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Morris Bissell.
text: He withdraws a business card, hands it to Simon. It reads:
text: “Morris Bissell, Liberty Mutual.” Simon turns to Cole:
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Take him on up. Sorry for the
text: confusion, Mr. Bissell.
text: Now it’s Charlie who’s stymied. As Cole and Slide continue
text: to the elevators, under their breaths:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Where’d you get the business card?
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Some dude’s wallet I... found.
dialog: Your buddy gonna be cool?
text: Cole shoots Charlie a look as he boards the elevator and
text: Slide sets a finger to his lips just as its doors close.
text: Charlie, incensed, grabs the phone at the front desk. He
text: starts to dial, then hesitates.
speaker_heading: SVICHKAR
dialog: Who you calling?
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know.
text: (he slams the phone down;
dialog: Cole was right; he can’t
dialog: turn them in)
dialog: Shit!
text: MUSIC PUMPS UP as the heist kicks into higher gear and --
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- ROOF -- DAY
text: -- COLE AND SLIDE EMERGE FROM A DOORWAY AND STEP OUT INTO A
scene_heading: THREE-SIXTY VIEW OF THE CITY SURROUNDING THEM.
text: Dev’reaux is already here, supplies in hand. He tosses each
text: man a white jumpsuit and gloves, then proceeds to remove the
text: tarp from a WINDOW-WASHING PLATFORM stored at the roof edge.
text: MOMENTS LATER, Cole and Slide, wearing their jumpsuits over
text: their suits, help Dev hoist the platform over the side of the
text: building and into position.
text: Slide peers over the side: it’s a heart-stopping, vertiginous
text: view. Cole appears beside him.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: You ever done this before?
speaker_heading: COLE
text: I get dizzy stepping off the curb.
dialog: (cell buzzes; he picks up)
dialog: Mr. Fitzhugh, how are we?
scene_heading: EXT. CHOPSTIX NAIL SALON -- MIDTOWN -- CONTINUOUS
text: Fitzhugh continues to watch Susan Braniff’s nails get done.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: They’ve finished moisturizing her
text: feet and’re about to start buffing.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Do you have a plan?
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: I’m... pondering.
text: From a newsstand he plucks up a magazine promoting an article
dialog: “Inside The Braniff Swindle.”
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- ROOF -- CONTINUOUS
text: Cole hangs up, dials a new number. Meanwhile, Slide tests
dialog: the platform cables’ strength. To Dev:
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: How much weight can this baby bear?
text: Dev has only his elevator operator experience to guide him.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: I push the buttons! Do I look like
dialog: a structural engineer!
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- DAY
text: Braniff’s cell RINGS on his dining table. Braniff is nowhere
text: to be seen. Is he asleep?
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- ROOF -- CONTINUOUS
text: Cole hangs up.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: No answer. Whatya think?
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: We got two hours. Tops.
text: As good a final thought as any. Over the side they go.
text: A WIDE VIEW of the Tower, Central Park beyond it, the parade
text: on the street below and on top our two faux window-washers
text: climbing out onto a two-foot wide, ten-foot long apparatus.
text: Dev hands Slide his banker’s briefcase as he gives Cole a
text: quick tutorial.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: This is your ‘up’ button, this is
dialog: your ‘down.’ This locks it in
dialog: place. Run into any trouble, this
dialog: might be manual override I got up
dialog: here. Might not.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: You got my back. Nice to know.
text: Cole lowers them from view.
scene_heading: INT. CHOPSTIX NAIL SALON -- MIDTOWN -- CONTINUOUS
text: Fitzhugh enters, approaches the young female PROPRIETOR at
text: the front, careful not to be seen by Mrs. Braniff within.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Hi... Speak English?
dialog: (she indicates a little;
dialog: he opens his magazine)
dialog: Know who this is?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH (CONT'D)
dialog: (he points out Braniff;
dialog: (she nods/scowls)
dialog: Good. This is his wife.
text: He points from a picture of Mrs. Braniff to the real deal,
text: currently being waited on by a trio of manicurists. The
dialog: Proprietor doesn’t like this one bit.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: (her English is better
dialog: than she let on)
dialog: That bitch is in my shop?
text: Fitz takes out a pair of $100’s.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Need you to do me a favor.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- ROOF/SIDE -- CONTINUOUS
text: ABOARD THE PLATFORM WITH COLE AND SLIDE, more than anything
dialog: else it’s claustrophobic up here: there’s no place to go,
text: barely any place to step. Both Cole and Slide can’t help
text: looking at the drop as they descend.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Aren’t we not supposed to look
dialog: down?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I remember that now. --My God!!
dialog: (re: a streaked window
dialog: pane)
dialog: I’ve been paying these window
dialog: washers, and THIS is the service
dialog: they-- these people are criminals!!
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: You the criminal!!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (nonplussed)
dialog: No! I’m...
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: You just “frisky.”
text: FROM WITHIN THE PENTHOUSE: The window-washer apparatus lowers
text: into view. Still no sign of Braniff inside. Cole stops
text: their descent when they’re flush with the apartment.
text: OUTSIDE: Slide opens up his briefcase. Inside is the very
text: latest in fiberglass-cutting technology: a suction-clamp with
text: an extendable arm attached to a blade.
dialog: 81.
text: Slide affixes it to the window and prepares to cut. He looks
text: to Cole, who dials Braniff’s cell again.
text: INSIDE: Braniff’s cell RINGS. Unanswered.
text: OUTSIDE: Cole nods to Slide: do it. Slide begins to cut.
text: INSIDE: While it’s not exactly noisy, the bladework’s loud
text: enough to draw attention from anyone inside the apartment.
text: ON THE ROOF, Dev watches from above. Over his walkie:
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON’S VOICE
dialog: Mr. Dev’reaux, what’s your twenty?
speaker_heading: DEV’ REAUX
dialog: I’m, um, in the building -- why?
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON’S VOICE
text: Mr. Svichkar’s taking his break,
dialog: need you to come cover for him.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Why, certainly. On my way.
text: He mouths: FU-UCK! He doesn’t move.
text: A FLOOR BELOW: Slide finishes slicing a four-foot circle out
text: of the window. Then, with a practiced push, he thrusts the
text: entire piece of fiberglass into the penthouse without
text: dropping it, then lays it softly on the floor.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Now this I’ve done.
text: A pro at this, Slide lifts one leg out of the apparatus,
text: straddling its rail, then dips his foot inside the four-foot
text: hole. When his foot’s flat on the floor, he pulls himself
text: over and inside the apartment, ducking his head as he goes.
text: Now it’s Cole’s turn. Not a pro. He tries to mimic Slide’s
dialog: method but once he’s got a foot inside the penthouse --
text: -- a sharp wind picks up and banks off the edifice, pushing
text: the apparatus out. Just as Cole begins to flounder, Slide
text: reaches out and grabs him and pulls him in.
text: They’ve breached the penthouse.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
text: The two men stand absolutely still, panting, listening. Time
text: to verify if Braniff’s actually asleep.
dialog: 82.
text: First things first, though. Cole tip-toes to the front door
text: leading to the elevator anteroom and -- ever so slowly --
dialog: bolts it.
text: ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE DOOR: Agent Cunningham, wrapped up
text: in a magazine, doesn’t hear a thing.
text: BACK IN THE PENTHOUSE: Cole signals Slide: you check that
dialog: way, I'll go this way. Slide, who’s never stepped foot
dialog: inside such a decadent living space (much less b&e’d one)
text: takes it all in. He pretends to be blase:
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: North facing windows. You call
dialog: that natural light? For 50
dialog: million, you should get two
dialog: exposures at least!
scene_heading: INT. CHOPSTIX NAIL SALON -- MIDTOWN -- DAY
text: Done with her pedicure, Mrs. Braniff rises from her chair.
text: She rudely waves off the help of those who’ve labored over
dialog: her the past hour, then:
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: Where are my shoes?
text: The manicurists look around too. No one knows. The
text: Proprietor looks on, hiding a smile.
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF (CONT’D)
dialog: Excuse me. My shoes?! You DO know
dialog: those were Louboutin’s!!!! Where.
dialog: Are. My. Shoes?!
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN -- CONTINUOUS
text: Strolling along, Fitz tosses Mrs. B’s shoes onto a roof. He
text: takes out his cell and dials.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Hello, New York Post? Do you have
dialog: a paparazzi desk? -- I mean, do
dialog: fish swim, but--
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- DAY
text: Cole corrals the shitsus into Mrs. Braniff’s shoe-filled walk-
text: in and shuts the door. Slide, meanwhile, conducts a search
text: for Braniff. He ducks his head into a DEN, sees nothing,
text: starts to go when SNORING draws him back.
dialog: 83.
text: Braniff has fallen off a couch and lies asleep on the floor,
text: sandwich wrapper at his side.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: This the mofo?
text: Cole appears to confirm it is.
text: MOMENTS LATER, PULLING BACK FROM THE WALL as Cole and Slide
text: move furniture and lamps away from it.
text: Slide starts tapping along its surface, strikes something
text: unforgiving and follows its perimeter. Then, withdrawing a
text: chisel, he prepares to drive it into the surface but --
text: -- Cole stops him first. Concerned the noise might alert the
text: Sentry outside. He looks about, finds a universal remote on a
text: coffee table and punches in a selection.
text: The voice of Barry Manilow suddenly fills the penthouse.
dialog: “,..oh Mandy, well you came and you gave without taking...”
text: Slide scowls at him. Cole gestures: not my playlist. Slide
text: resumes his work, burying the chisel into the drywall.
text: IN THE ANTEROOM: Agent Cunningham shakes his head at
text: Braniff’s choice in music, flips the page on his magazine.
dialog: “,..but I sent you away, oh Mandy...”
scene_heading: INT. CHOPSTIX NAIL SALON -- MIDTOWN -- DAY
text: Mrs. Braniff is apoplectic, ranting.
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: How. Can you possibly. Have lost.
text: One of the ONLY NINE PAIRS of Day
dialog: Lewises produced in Florence, Italy
dialog: in THE LAST CENTURY?! Besides the
dialog: fact that they should be in the
dialog: MET, how’m I supposed to walk home?
text: No one looks sympathetic...
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: So sorry, please you take coupon
dialog: for free visit?
text: Susan Braniff, apoplectic, storms out the door, only to be
dialog: met by --
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: EXT. CHOPSTIX NAIL SALON -- CONTINUOUS
text: -- a WALL OF PAPARAZZI, flashing/clicking away at Public
text: Enemy #1’s wife in bare feet. Mrs. Braniff is mortified.
text: She tries to cover her face, trudging forward, tip-toeing
text: through midtown trash, barraged at every angle by blinding
text: flashbulbs. It’s almost possible to feel sorry for her.
text: Then, hero to the rescue, Fitzhugh steps forth.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Mrs. Braniff, you alright?
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: Oh, it’s you... Fisticuffs...
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Whatever. Here, let me help.
dialog: (to the paparazzi)
dialog: Please, gentlemen, have some
dialog: dignity.
text: He guides her to the street, still swarmed by photographers,
text: then into the back seat of a cab.
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: Thank you so much, Mister, uh... I
dialog: keep losing it.
dialog: (to the cabbie)
dialog: The Tower, please --
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: No, no, no. They’re there, too.
text: Swarming.
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Do you have a relative nearby?
dialog: Someone you can stay with until I
dialog: can douse these prurient flames?
speaker_heading: SUSAN BRANIFF
text: A sister in Greenwich.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Go there. I’1l have the building
dialog: call you when it’s safe.
text: The taxi whisks Mrs. Braniff away, paparazzi clicking.
text: Fitzhugh watches it go, then turns to them.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH (CONT'D)
dialog: 501 Cherry Street, Greenwich. Go
dialog: to town.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- DAY
text: Slide purchases a grip on the drywall he’s dug into. Then,
text: moment of truth, he yanks it. Cole looks, sighs with relief.
text: A large titanium safe sits within. Our guys share a smile
text: and Slide begins to inspect it.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: Can we get it out?
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Cemented in. Hand me the case.
text: Cole grabs the case and Slide removes the tools of his trade.
scene_heading: EXT. 5TH AVENUE -- DAY
text: Fitzhugh returns to the Tower. He looks up to the platform
text: high above. Boy is he glad that’s not his part of the heist.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Fitz heads straight for the elevators. Mr. Simon approaches.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Mr. Fitzhugh...
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Mr. Simon?
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: Mr. Bissell from Liberty Mutual
dialog: went up to your apartment a few
dialog: minutes ago.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: (no idea who that is)
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: I’m sorry to hear of your financial
dialog: difficulties. If there’s anything
dialog: we can do to assist you --
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: -- oh, no, no thanks --
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: -- for instance, arrange a moving
dialog: company for the weekend?
text: That stops him. Mr. Simon’s giving him an eviction notice.
dialog: Fitz’d like to slap the needlehead’s face.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Thanks. The solution is definitely
dialog: underway.
text: He goes. Meanwhile, Charlie gets an idea, picks up the
text: phone, presses ‘PH.’ Listens. Nothing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What’s wrong with the phones?
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
dialog: “,..feel sad when you're sad, feel glad when you're glad...”
text: As Slide toils, Cole casts a glance to where Braniff snoozes.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Time table?
speaker_heading: SLIDE
text: Six hours. Five minutes. Somewhere
dialog: between the two. Wanna wake him up
dialog: and ask him the combination?
dialog: (re: the music and
dialog: Braniff)
dialog: ‘f you keep this shit on, I fall
text: more asleep than him.
text: Cole finds the remote, kills the Manilow. He checks his
text: watch, edgy, unsure what to do with himself. He peers out
text: the hole in the window to see the parade below when HIS CELL
speaker_heading: PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: SLIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t answer!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I’m supposed to be working! I’d
dialog: answer!
dialog: (clicks phone on)
dialog: Hello?
text: And we CROSS CUT BETWEEN:
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: INT. JILLIAN’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: It looks a lot like Cole’s. The home of a single person
text: who’s never home, sparsely furnished. She’s even eating Kung
text: Pao chicken out of a container, just like Cole did earlier.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Hi, ah... this is...
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Jillian?
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Uh, yeah. Good guess.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What’s up?
text: It is very disconcerting for him to be talking to an FBI
text: agent while watching his buddy crack a safe.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: This is a personal-slash-
dialog: professional call.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Oh. Oh. I -- that’s nice. I
dialog: hope.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Well, yes. I hope too.
text: An awkward pause. And she’s not usually awkward.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I, ah, just wanted to mention that
dialog: there was, in our last meeting, a
dialog: path you were considering going
dialog: down... and I just wanted to warn
dialog: you that if you were to go down
dialog: that path... none of which did I
dialog: suspect for a moment...
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Damn!
text: He’s fumbled a combination. He tries again.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: What--
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Lobby commotion. Go on, go on...
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Um. Right. Path. Okay. If you
dialog: were to, um, in any way pursue some
dialog: illegal recourse against Mr.
dialog: Braniff... not only would I be
dialog: obligated to take you in...
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Presuming you were to find out.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Which I probably would, because I
dialog: have the radar of... a witch.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: That’s a harsh way to put it.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: It’s a phrase coined by my ex
dialog: husband.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Then he was cheating on you.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Still.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Get back to, if you had to take me
dialog: in...
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Right. If you were to go to prison
dialog: for some... protracted period... we
dialog: would, ah...
text: Cole is dying to know where this is going.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: We would what?
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: (sighs, gives it up)
dialog: ..--never, ah, have a second date.
text: Cole beams. Did he just hear what he thought he heard? That
text: this intelligent and attractive woman is INTERESTED in him?!
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Fuck me! This motherfucker’s Fort
dialog: Knox!!!
dialog: 89.
text: Cole cringes and scuttles to the far end of the room, waving
text: at Slide to shut up.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I would really not like anything...
dialog: to get in the way of that.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Really?
text: Slide GETS THE SAFE OPEN. Cole doesn’t notice.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Oh yeah. But, ah, that wasn’t much
dialog: of a date, was it?
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: (blushing)
dialog: Well, you paid...
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I should have had that second
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: You think?
text: Slide is waving at Cole. Cole doesn’t notice.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I just... I don’t know, it’s been
dialog: so long since I’ve really relaxed
dialog: with someone...
text: Slide THROWS A PILLOW at Cole’s head. Cole finally sees THE
text: SAFE starting to OPEN...!
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT’D)
dialog: Gotta go. Work. Work. It’s work--
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Oh. Sure. I hope--
text: CLICK! He’s gone. She’s left staring at the receiver, not
dialog: sure what happened.
text: Back in the Braniff apartment, Cole and Slide are staring at
text: the safe. Their faces fall.
text: Because the safe is dead empty.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Now this is a disappointment.
text: Cole stares in disbelief. He steps forward to feel inside
text: the safe, for a trap door, anything. All he finds is a CD-
text: ROM lying on its floor.
speaker_heading: SLIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, we got us some Barry.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- PENTHOUSE ANTEROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Where the Sentry finishes one magazine, moves onto the next.
text: DING! Someone’s arriving via elevator. It’s Charlie. He’s
text: elated/relieved to see the Sentry awake.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, how ya doin’?
scene_heading: AGENT CUNNINGHAM
dialog: Okay, thanks.
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: How can I help you?
text: Charlie looks to the door to the penthouse, shut. Wonders
dialog: what’s going on in there?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, I just came up to see if
dialog: everything’s alright up here.
scene_heading: AGENT CUNNINGHAM
dialog: Because the Federal Bureau of
dialog: Investigation is inept?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, the whole Kennedy thing was
dialog: kind of a debac--
text: A stony stare from Cunningham.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Nonono, you guys are
dialog: great...just... wanted to know if
dialog: you need anything--
scene_heading: AGENT CUNNINGHAM
dialog: --that several thousand takeout
dialog: menus can’t provide?
dialog: There are, indeed, 10 dead rainforests’ worth of takeout
text: menus stacked to the ceiling. Charlie’s not getting
text: anywhere. He keeps looking at the door: what to do?
dialog: gl.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Cole and Slide continue to weigh their options.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Maybe...maybe...
dialog: (re: the disc)
dialog: .+-mMaybe this is something, I don’t
dialog: know, something that--
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: --has twenty million dollars hidden
dialog: in it? Shrunk down by some ol’
dialog: “miniaturization” machine!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: We have to at least look at this.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: It’s probly some DVD of some four-
dialog: way with some other old, ugly-ass
dialog: couple?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (tapping his forehead)
dialog: I don’t need those images right now-
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Rich folks like to keep shit like
dialog: that in their safe. You know,
text: “savor the moment,” for later.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Ewwww, just -- would you STOP!
text: With Slide, and only Slide, Cole reverts to age 13.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- PENTHOUSE ANTEROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Charlie’s still working on Cunningham.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Awful quiet in there. Maybe we
dialog: should check.
scene_heading: AGENT CUNNINGHAM
dialog: The Towers does advertise
text: soundproof doors.
text: Charlie sighs.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Right.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Cole, meanwhile, is succumbing to the reality that this was a
text: huge folly. He’s pissed at himself.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I’m sorry! I’m sorry! I’m sorry I
dialog: dragged you guys into this--!
text: Meanwhile, Slide roams the apartment, looking for things to
text: steal. He eyes the wine refrigerator.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Well, we gotta cut some losses.
dialog: They’s some pretty fine reds in
dialog: there--
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: No! No no, I’m not a common thief!
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Oh, hey, then, what are you? A
dialog: special thief?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I--
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: A “frisky” thief?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Just... let it go.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Is you or ain’t you a thief?!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I’m a Robin Hood thief! I want
dialog: that 20 million to give back to my
dialog: staff!
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: A thief is a motherfuckin thief!
dialog: So get your tidy whitey ass in
dialog: gear, and take a good look around
dialog: this place for something we can
dialog: cash in for our valuable time--!
dialog: 93.
text: Slide stops cold. Cole follows his gaze. LOOKING THROUGH THE
text: 1958 AUSTIN-HEALEY'S WINDSHIELD as our guys move into view,
text: Slide taking it in like he’s discovering lost treasure.
dialog: Which he might just be.
speaker_heading: SLIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why’s he keep this up here?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Why do you think? A classic “tiny
text: penis” move.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: (surveying)
dialog: Nah. This is not a male
dialog: enhancement vehicle. This is a
dialog: showtune-singing little pussy car,
dialog: if you ask m--
text: He stops, struck by something.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What. What.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Pull up your flashlight app.
text: MOMENTS LATER, AT FLOOR LEVEL: The Austin-Healey’s body lifts
text: up and Slide wiggles underneath it. On his back, light beam-
text: blazing cell phone between his teeth. He looks up and down
text: the chassis, then draws up a pen knife and scratches at its
text: metal. He blinks as black flakes fall into his eyes.
text: Meanwhile, Cole grips the rear bumper, straining to keep the
text: two-seater lifted for Slide.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What. What.
text: The only response is LAUGHTER, then:
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Robin. Your men gonna be merry.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- ROOF -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Fitz has joined Dev and they sit here, nothing to do but
text: wait, when they hear the platform motor rev up. They rise to
text: see Cole and Slide ascend into view, empty-handed.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Change of plans.
dialog: 94.
text: MOMENTS LATER: All four men stand in silence. It’s a lot
text: like their training scene on Cole’s roof, except they’re not
text: freezing and dumbfounded -- they’re just dumbfounded.
text: Finally, in disbelief:
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: What kinda dude melts gold
dialog: down...into a chassis of a car?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Someone who’s number's up.
dialog: They all think.
speaker_heading: DEV’ REAUX
dialog: Can we just break it up, take the
dialog: parts that are gold?
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: No time. Whole chassis’s made of
dialog: gold. Braniff’ll wake up soon.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Or Shoeless Jane’1l be back.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: DEV’ REAUX
dialog: So that’s just it? We all just
dialog: tiptoe outta here and pretend none
dialog: of this happened?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (an idea)
dialog: No.
text: They all look at him.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER - CONSTRUCTION SITE ON 66 -- MOMENTS LATER
text: A door bursts open and Dev and Fitz sprint into the Hancock’s
text: apartment-under-renovation, deserted. As they hustle past
text: tools, planks, and other debris --
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: ..-this is crazy, this is crazy,
dialog: this is crazy...
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: ..--I know, I know, I know...
text: Arriving at the GIANT TARPS covering the windows, they rip
text: them down revealing a GAPING HOLE to the outside.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
text: A MATCHING GAPING HOLE exists now here, four flights up. A
text: full panel of window has now been cut away;
text: the hole is large enough to, well, drive a car through. The
text: window-washing platform has been pulled inside and rests in
text: the living room, cables still attached.
text: Tires roll noiselessly across the hardwood floors. Slide
text: pushes the Austin-Healey as Cole steers, leaning in through
text: the driver’s window. They stop a few feet short of the
text: windowless panel.
text: Unhooking the cables from the window-washing platform, they
text: each lie down and attach them to the car’s undercarriage.
text: In the back, Braniff snores away, dead to the world.
text: Cole and Slide rise to test the cables: secure.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (into his walkie)
dialog: Mr. Dev’reaux?
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- CONSTRUCTION SITE ON 66 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Dev and Fitz frantically build a ramp of cinderblocks and
text: planks and other material. Dev’reaux answers the call:
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Yes, Mr. Howard.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: I need you back in position.
text: Dev tears off, leaving Fitz on his own, calling after him:
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Wait, wait, wait: I have to do this
dialog: part alone?!
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Svichkar has overheard this, bewildered. He turns to
text: Charlie, who senses the urgency in Cole’s voice.
speaker_heading: SVICHKAR
dialog: “Back in position?” He was s‘posed
dialog: to relieve me ten minutes ago.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. THE TOWER -- PENTHOUSE/ROOF/CONSTRUCTION SITE
text: Cole and Slide look out the windowless panel, at the sidewalk
text: full of people far below.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Here’s where it gets tricky.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Oh, ‘cause it was so easy before!
speaker_heading: DEV’ REAUX’S VOICE
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: Mr. Howard, I’m in position.
text: Cole grabs hold of a beam and leans out the window to look
text: up. Above him, Dev leans over the edge. Cole signals him:
dialog: take it up.
text: UP ABOVE: Dev hits the ‘up’ button on the manual override,
text: muttering to himself in fear.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: My job’s “compartmentalized.”
dialog: Right. Well, I am exceeding my job
dialog: description! And I have EARNED my
dialog: motherfucking bonus!
text: IN THE PENTHOUSE: The cables grow taut and the Austin-Healey
text: starts to roll toward the open window. As the back bumper
text: clears the window, the cables lift the rear tires off the
text: floor and Cole and Slide gently push the car’s front out the
dialog: window and --
text: -- it’s aloft, dangling upside down a thousand feet in the
text: air, twisting in the breeze.
text: ABOVE IT: Dev stops retracting the cables and, with a signal
text: from Cole, begins to lower the car.
text: BELOW IT: Fitzhugh, alone in the construction site, watches
text: the automobile descend toward him.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Ah shit, it’s coming to me.
scene_heading: EXT. 5TH AVENUE -- CONTINUOUS
text: More ruddy faces, parade drums, bagpipes. High above, the
text: Austin-Healey looks like a white beetle creeping along the
text: glass seventy floors up. A few revelers notice, too drunk or
text: too immured by New York’s every day audacity to be alarmed.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY/FRONT ENTRANCE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Charlie’s attending to a RESIDENT when a PASSERBY shouts at
text: the lobby and points upward.
speaker_heading: PASSERBY
dialog: Hope you gotta permit for that!
text: Charlie’s spine stiffens: this can’t be good. He excuses
text: himself, rounds the desk and hurries outside.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Mr. Gibbs, what'd he mean?
text: They both push out onto the sidewalk til they come into view
text: of the Austin-Healey high above, inching closer to the
text: Hancock’s floor. Charlie rushes inside --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: .--ah-no, ah-no-no-no...
text: -- leaving Lester to peer up on his own, jaw-dropped.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. THE TOWER -- PENTHOUSE/ROOF/CONSTRUCTION SITE
text: Cole and Slide monitor the car’s descent. Fitzhugh signals
text: them: stop, and Cole signals Dev above: stop.
text: ABOVE: Dev stops the cables.
text: BELOW: Fitzhugh’s too cautious to just reach out and grab the
text: Austin’s grill. First, he finds some rope and ties it around
text: a cement mixer, then clinging to it with one hand reaches out
dialog: with the other --
text: -- and leaning half out the windowless panel he tries once,
text: twice, three times to grasp it.
text: Cole watches, concerned.
text: Fitzhugh gives a little slack to his safety rope and leans
text: out again. At last he manages to grasp the grille --
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Got it!!
text: -- just as another sharp gust of wind banks off the Tower and
text: pushes the Austin away from its face, dragging with it --
text: -- Fitzhugh, who loses his grip on the rope and ends up with
text: only a grip on the car, resulting in --
dialog: 98.
text: -- his dangling a thousand feet in the air clinging to the
text: front of a vintage automobile made partly of gold as the
text: Saint Patrick’s Day Parade continues below him.
text: Crazier things have happened in New York. Cole and Slide
text: watch helplessly. There’s no way out of the apartment.
text: Dev watches, too, in horror. Into his mic:
speaker_heading: DEV’ REAUX
dialog: Should I bring him up?!
text: Cole signals below: NO! For fear it’ll jostle him.
text: Fitzhugh keeps one hand clasped to the grill and tries to
text: reach for the rope dangling out of the windowless panel with
text: the other. He’s inches from it. Still he can’t reach it.
text: He loses hope for a moment, then recommits himself, straining
dialog: to grasp the rope --
text: -- when A HAND lunges out and grabs him by the arm and yanks
dialog: him into safety.
text: It’s Charlie. Who glares at him, mad but relieved.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I must be out of my mind.
text: Fitz, on the floor, can’t believe he’s alive.
text: Cole and Slide peer down, mystified.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Where'd he go?
text: Then Charlie appears in the frame below, glowering up at
text: Cole. Cole can’t help but gratefully smile back. Then,
dialog: Charlie does something surprising --
text: -- he waves for the car to be lowered even more. Cole obeys
text: the order, gestures to Dev above to continue lowering. When
text: Charlie signals to stop, Cole repeats it.
text: Inside, Fitzhugh gasps for air.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Thanks. I didn’t think you’d--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sir, you live in The Tower. It’s a
dialog: full service building. And we're
dialog: pulling this baby in.
dialog: 99.
text: MOMENTS LATER, FROM ABOVE: Charlie and Fitz both reach out
dialog: and grab the Austin-Healey, a two-man job if there ever was
text: one. Cole signals Dev to lower it and --
text: -- the ex-banker and concierge guide the car onto the
text: makeshift ramp until it’s safely rolled inside.
text: The cables go slack and Charlie signals for them to stop.
text: With Fitzhugh’s help, he disconnects the cables.
text: IN THE PENTHOUSE: Slide signals Dev to raise the cables as
text: Cole moves the window-washer platform in position.
text: ON THE ROOF: Dev hits ‘Up’ but nothing happens. He tries
text: again. Zilch. He shouts down:
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: It won’t come up!
text: IN THE PENTHOUSE: Slide looks to Cole: you hear that? Cole
dialog: peers up at Dev:
speaker_heading: DEV
dialog: The motor’s cooked!
text: Cole and Slide realize: they’re not taking the platform outta
text: here. A moment of reckoning.
text: Arthur Braniff starts moaning and stirring. Waking up.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: How do you see it?
speaker_heading: COLE
text: We leave by the door, we go to
dialog: prison.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Or--?
text: MOMENTS LATER, they step out onto the edge of the penthouse’s
text: windowless panel, cables wrapped around their waists, and --
text: -- begin rappelling down the side of the building, gloved
text: hand over gloved hand.
text: Cole looks down, sees Charlie and Fitzhugh waiting below, and
text: the sidewalk sixty-six stories beneath them. Jee-zus.
text: ON SIXTY-SIX: Dev arrives beside Charlie and Fitzhugh. They
text: all watch Cole and Slide descend.
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: EXT. 5TH AVENUE -- CONTINUOUS
text: More and more people are starting to pay attention to the
text: stunt high, high above them. Among them: some COPS. They
text: start moving toward the Tower.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. THE TOWER -- FRONT ENTRANCE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Lester continues peering up. It’s begun to dawn on him just
dialog: who might be risking life and limb up there. And possibly
text: even why. He spies the cops rounding the corner, heading his
text: way, and he wanders back inside --
text: -- locking the front door behind him.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Braniff’s eyes open. He squints around the room: how the
text: hell did I get on the floor? He moans, then struggles to sit
text: up. And feels something odd: a breeze.
speaker_heading: BRANIFF
dialog: Susan?
text: He staggers to his feet. Moves into the next room. And
text: discovers an absence.
text: At first, he doubletakes. Can’t believe it. But as he
text: slowly realizes, yes, it’s true--
dialog: His Austin-Healey is missing!!
text: He begins to hyperventilate. Then, sobs like a girl.
text: OUTSIDE: Cole and Slide continue their shimmy down. Slide
text: arrives first and Fitzhugh grabs him and pulls him in.
text: IN THE PENTHOUSE: Braniff rushes into his living room. Sees
text: the window-washing platform. Then the missing panel of glass
text: in his window. The cables coming from the roof. Goes to
dialog: them.
text: FROM BELOW: He peers down from his window. And sees --
text: -- one man scaling down one of the cables and another man
text: pulling him into safety.
speaker_heading: BRANIFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey!
text: Cole and Charlie both look up. And lock eyes with Braniff.
dialog: It’s hey-ho, let’s go all over again.
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- CONSTRUCTION SITE ON 66 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Cole detaches his cable.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Braniff saw us!
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He saw us both.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: What do we do?
text: Eyes are on Cole. Who looks to Charlie. Who nods: he’s in.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What would Houdini do?! He’d make
dialog: this damn thing disappear!
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Braniff makes a beeline for a phone. He picks it up, calls
dialog: downstairs. Nothing. Fuck.
text: He moves directly for his front door and thrusts his foot
text: across the threshold. A red light FLASHES on his ankle
dialog: bracelet. Beep-beep-beep!
speaker_heading: BRANIFF
dialog: They s-stole my car!
scene_heading: INT. FBI OFFICES -- MIDTOWN -- DAY
text: Agent Denham’s in a budget meeting which has nearly put her
text: to sleep when a JUNIOR AGENT barges in.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR AGENT
dialog: Arthur Braniff just set off his --
text: Jillian’s out of her seat before he finishes.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- FRONT ENTRANCE -- DAY
text: A CABAL OF POLICEMEN are pounding on the door and yelling.
text: Inside, Lester appears, playing up his old age; he puts a
text: hand to ear -- whatyawant? -- then starts fumbling in his
dialog: pockets, stalling for time: where did I put that key now...?
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- ELEVATOR/CONSTRUCTION SITE -- DAY
text: Elevator doors open and Dev gets in. He hits a button, then
text: ‘Close Doors’ urgently. He counts to two-thousand in his
text: head, then pulls the Emergency Break.
text: Back on 66, Cole, Slide, Charlie and Fitzhugh push the Austin
text: over the rubble of the construction site to the elevator.
text: Slide grabs a crowbar and pries its doors open. In the
text: shaft, the roof of Dev’s elevator has stopped two feet
text: beneath their floor level.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Sideways.
text: The four men tip the automobile on its side.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- FRONT ENTRANCE -- DAY
text: Lester finally gets the door open. The Cops rush in.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Slow down, slow down: gosh, what’s
dialog: all this fuss about?
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- ELEVATOR/CONSTRUCTION SITE ON 66 -- DAY
dialog: The men have the Austin on its side --
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: One-two-three, go.
text: -- then push it into the elevator shaft so that its grille
text: dips down atop the elevator car below. Like the flag-raisers
text: on Iwo Jima, they arc the Austin-Healey up and into the shaft
text: entirely. Everyone’s a little stunned it fit.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (to Slide and Fitz)
dialog: You and you, with me on top.
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: Take the freight to the basement.
dialog: Look for a place to hide this.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And then?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I’ve got the ride down to figure
dialog: that out.
dialog: 103.
text: Slide and Fitz step onto the elevator roof. Meanwhile, Cole
text: gives a last instruction to Charlie, unheard. Charlie takes
text: off and Cole joins them inside the shaft. They all take hold
text: of the car, to keep it steady. Cole smiles at Dev’reaux.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT’D)
dialog: How’re you liking the job so far?
dialog: (then, downward)
dialog: Mr. Dev’reaux, basement please.
text: IN THE ELEVATOR CAR: Dev hits the button and they descend.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- DAY
text: NYPD COPS have entered to inquire about ‘just-what-the-fuck’
text: is going on upstairs. Svichkar is trying to understand what
dialog: they’re complaining about when --
text: -- Jillian marches in, leading a phalanx of other FBI Agents.
text: She goes straight to the elevators and Mr. Washington.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Where’s the elevator to the
dialog: penthouse?
dialog: (Washington indicates its
dialog: floor on a panel)
dialog: Get it here.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- ELEVATOR/ELEVATOR SHAFT -- DAY
text: Dev sees ‘Lobby’ illuminate on his panel. He shouts up:
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Guys! Someone’s calling for the
dialog: elevator from the lobby!
text: Cole, Slide and Fitz watch shaft walls zip up around them.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Can’t he override it?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Not from the lobby!
text: Something catches Fitzhugh’s eyes. The portion of the
text: chassis Slide scraped clean. It shines beautifully.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Holy God, it is made of gold.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY/ELEVATOR/ELEVATOR SHAFT -- CONTINUOUS
text: Jillian waits impatiently. The elevator arrives at last and
text: its doors open to reveal Dev, trying to look nonchalant.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Miss Denham. Hello.
text: (she steps aboard with a
dialog: quartet of agents)
dialog: Floor, please.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Cut the shit.
text: He hits ‘PH.’
text: Above them, Cole, Slide and Fitzhugh trade worried looks as
text: the elevator starts to ascend again.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BASEMENT -- DAY
text: Charlie exits the freight elevator and nearly bulldozes
text: CUSTODIANS on his way to the resident elevators.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sorry. Pardon.
text: He spies the floor numbers increasing on Dev’s elevator.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: shit.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- ELEVATOR/ELEVATOR SHAFT -- DAY
text: Dev tries to make small talk.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: So, you going up to see Mr.
dialog: Braniff?
text: She ignores him. That’s okay. Dev’s accomplished what he
dialog: intended. Because --
text: -- above, Cole has heard who’s inside/where they’re going.
text: Beside him, Slide stares straight up and whispers:
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Think there’1l be enough room?
dialog: It’s a good question. He, Cole and Fitz can always duck.
dialog: That’s not true of the Austin-Healey between them.
text: They all prepare to crouch as the elevator slows. It’s going
dialog: to be tight. They brace for impact, and --
text: -- the rear bumper of the Healey crunches up against the
text: ceiling just as the elevator stops --
dialog: 105.
text: -- causing, INSIDE THE ELEVATOR, its roof to flex downward.
text: It goes unnoticed by anyone but Dev, who inches into a corner
text: of the elevator in case the Healey comes crashing through.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: (as doors open)
dialog: Penthouse!
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Jillian exits the elevator and comes quickly into contact
dialog: with Arthur Braniff and Agent Cunningham.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Mr. Braniff. Are you aware--
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: My phone’s dead -- I wanted you
dialog: here! Look! Howard and Gibbs
dialog: broke in here and stole my car! I
dialog: saw them! LOOKLOOKLOOK!!!
text: Jillian wrinkles an eyebrow: did she hear that right?
text: Braniff thrusts a finger toward the void in his apartment
text: formerly filled by an automobile. She takes it in.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: No question: your car is gone.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: You see?! You see?!
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Your car must be very important to
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Oh, for God's sake, there are only
dialog: 56 left in the WORLD--!
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: ..-because you just forfeited ten
dialog: million dollars.
text: This lands with a thud.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: No! I didn’t! I wasn’t escaping!
dialog: I wanted someone up here--!
text: It is slowly dawning on him that he has made a mistake. She
text: gives him a stony stare. He brazens it out.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF (CONT’D)
dialog: Now look, I’ve had about enough of
dialog: this shit!
text: More stony stare. Uh oh.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- ELEVATOR/ELEVATOR SHAFT -- CONTINUOUS
text: As its doors close, Dev lets out a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Back to the basement?
text: Above, Cole thinks in silence. Fitz and Slide trade a look.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: No. Braniff‘1ll tell her it was us,
dialog: she'll have agents scouring the
dialog: whole place.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Then where do we take this thing?
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- 14TH FLOOR -- LATER
text: A quiet hallway. Then: elevator doors are pried open and a
text: two-seater sportscar is lowered onto it carpeting. Slide,
text: Fitzhugh and Cole push the car clear from the elevator shaft.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You guys got it?
text: They nod. He tears away to the emergency stairwell.
text: At his front door, Fitzhugh fumbles for his keys, finds the
text: right one at last and inserts it -- under Slide’s withering
text: stare. Just as he gets it open --
scene_heading: OLD MRS. HOLLINGSWORTH,
dialog: His neighbor, the one we previously saw in a wheelchair
text: emerges from her apartment door. They’re caught red-handed.
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Uhhh....
text: She looks at them. She seems entirely different. Her eyes
text: are clear, she’s spry, and she’s walking -- we realize this
text: is the first time we’ve seen her undrugged.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Hello, Ma’am!
dialog: 107.
text: There’s nothing good to say, so he babbles ridiculously:
speaker_heading: DEV’REAUX (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s nice to see you up and about.
scene_heading: OLD MRS. HOLLINGSWORTH
dialog: I’m extremely unhappy with this!
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: We... don’t have much of an excuse,
dialog: ma’am.
text: The old lady barely glances at the guys, the car, the guilt
text: and fear on their faces.
scene_heading: OLD MRS. HOLLINGSWORTH
dialog: Well, how in the world were you to
dialog: know that my daughter was
dialog: deliberately keeping me insensible!
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: What money does to people...!
text: The men stand there, holding a stolen car.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: We couldn’t agree more, ma’am.
text: She finally seems to focus on them -- a bit.
scene_heading: OLD MRS. HOLLINGSWORTH
dialog: (beat, with total hauteur)
dialog: But I must say, this is very
dialog: shoddy. You gentlemen should be
text: using the service elevator.
text: She gets into the next elevator, muttering to herself. Being
text: mega-rich and still a bit addled, she is too self-preoccupied
dialog: to give a damn what these common men are doing.
scene_heading: OLD MRS. HOLLINGSWORTH (CONT’D)
dialog: .--plummeting standards of
dialog: service... going to make a
dialog: complaint...
text: The doors close behind her. They all look at each other:
text: what the hell just happened. But no time to ponder. Fitz
text: and Slide push the Austin the rest of the way into
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- FITZHUGH’S APARTMENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: -- shutting the door behind them and collapsing against it.
text: They look at each other and smile. Holy shit, they did it.
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- BRANIFF’S PENTHOUSE -- DAY
text: Agents fan out as Braniff backpedals a mile a minute to
dialog: Jillian.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: Oh, now, look, I have already cut
dialog: the deal, there’s nothing to talk
dialog: about! You take me in, you’1ll get
dialog: called out on the carpet!
text: Agent Farley enters from another room, approaches Jillian.
speaker_heading: AGENT FARLEY
dialog: You've gotta see this...
text: Jillian follows him. So does Braniff. They come into view
text: of the large hole in the wall Slide made and the empty safe
text: within it. Braniff hadn’t spotted this before and he
text: blanches. Meanwhile, Jillian realizes: this is the safe Cole
text: was telling her about. She tries not to smile.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Mr. Braniff, there seems to be a
dialog: hidden safe in your apartment.
dialog: During our inventory of your
dialog: possessions you neglected to
dialog: mention this.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR BRANIFF
dialog: I, uh, I...
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: You've now violated two conditions
dialog: of your bail. I’m sorry to say that
dialog: Le Bernadin will not be delivering
dialog: to your next address. I hereby
dialog: remand you to federal custody.
text: Agent Farley steps up and cuffs Braniff, who realizes protest
text: will get him nowhere. Farley and Cunningham lead him out.
text: Jillian considers the empty safe again, then goes to the
text: absent window and looks out at the lines of cable twisting
text: downward. She can’t quite believe Cole did this.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to a Junior Agent)
text: Do a sweep of the entire building.
dialog: Especially that floor with all the
dialog: construction.
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- PACKAGE ROOM -- DAY
text: Charlie enters, sees cops in the lobby, not sure if he’s
text: being hunted, off-the-hook or what. He passes by Ms. Perez.
speaker_heading: PEREZ
dialog: Where the hell you been? You
dialog: missed all the excitement?
text: Charlie pulls Perez aside.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Miss Perez, can I trust you with
dialog: something?
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Svichkar’s on duty at the desk, Washington’s standing in as
text: lobby attendant, and Lester’s shooing away lookieloos out
text: front. Charlie taps Svichkar’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Go on your break. I got it.
text: Charlie tries to resume his work and not look guilty as hell
text: as cops and FBI agents scurry back and forth. He feels a
text: presence creep up behind him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: We’re both screwed, you know that.
text: It’s Cole, out of his window-washer’s jumpsuit and back in
text: his manager’s threads at last.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I know. It’s been a pleasure,
dialog: though. --Well, not most of it.
text: From the elevators, Braniff is led out. As he passes through
text: the lobby, he stares daggers at Cole. But he says nothing.
text: Next: Braniff passes Lester on the way out. lLester’s hands
text: find their way into his pockets.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: You can open the door yourself, Mr.
dialog: Braniff.
dialog: Exit Arthur Braniff.
speaker_heading: COLE
text: At least he’s going away for good.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Not from us. We’ll get the cell
text: next door.
text: Cole winces.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You do that thing I asked?
text: Charlie nods. Now, from the elevators, comes Jillian. Cole
text: puts on a hopeful smile for her but it fades as she
text: approaches.
text: Because she looks deadly serious.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- FRONT ENTRANCE -- MOMENTS LATER
scene_heading: IN SLOW-MO: A DRUMS-AND-BAGPIPES VERSION OF “MINSTREL BOY”
text: PLAYS AS CHARLIE AND COLE ARE LED OUT, COATS OVER THEIR
text: CLASPED HANDS TO DISGUISE THE HANDCUFFS ON THEIR WRISTS.
text: THERE’S MORE DIGNITY THAN SHAME IN THIS PERP WALK, LIKE
text: SOLDIERS BEING LED TO AN ENEMY’S FIRING SQUAD.
text: FROM INSIDE THE LOBBY, DEV WATCHES AS JILLIAN OPENS A REAR
text: SEDAN DOOR AND GUIDES CHARLIE AND COLE INSIDE.
text: IN A WINDOW ON THE 14TH FLOOR, FITZ AND SLIDE WATCH AS THE
text: FBI SEDAN PULLS AWAY.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: This is FBI Regional Director Mazin
dialog: interrogating suspects Cole Howard
dialog: and Charles Gibbs in the robbery of
dialog: the penthouse apartment of Arthur
dialog: Braniff. March seventeenth, three-
text: thirty-four a.m..
speaker_heading: FADE IN ON:
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM -- FBI BUILDING -- NIGHT
text: DIRECTOR MAZIN and Jillian sit across from Cole and Charlie.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR MAZIN
dialog: Mr. Howard, Mr. Gibbs, as you’re
dialog: aware, Arthur Braniff identified
dialog: both of you as perpetrators in the
dialog: theft of his antique, sorry what
dialog: was it --
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: -- 1958 Austin-Healy --
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR MAZIN
dialog: -- thank you, the theft of his
dialog: antique 1958 Austin-Healey
dialog: yesterday from his seventieth floor
dialog: penthouse apartment in the Tower
dialog: building.
text: (he shakes his head, not
dialog: quite believing it)
dialog: Guys, I guess the principal
dialog: question I want to ask you is: why
dialog: the hell did you do this?
dialog: Cole and Charlie share a look: you wanna tell him?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: As I did not do it, I can’t answer.
dialog: I guess, though, I can speculate.
dialog: I can tell you why I would do it if
dialog: given the opportunity, which of
dialog: course I have not had.
text: He lets this wash over the room for a moment, then continues.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: I personally would not want to
dialog: witness the faces of my staff when
text: they open their envelopes and find
dialog: zeros where their life savings used
dialog: to be. I know that I would do my
dialog: damndest to change the look on
dialog: their faces when those envelopes
dialog: are opened, to one of relief and
dialog: joy. I can honestly say that I
dialog: would do just about anything on
dialog: this earth to bring that about...
dialog: IF I had the ingenuity...
text: They are hanging on his words.
speaker_heading: COLE (CONT'D)
dialog: .--which, unfortunately, being a
dialog: glorified servant, I really don’t.
text: He smiles benignly -- the ultimate passive/aggressive coup.
text: Admitting nothing, admitting everything.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR MAZIN
dialog: That is tantamount to an admission,
dialog: sir, and don’t think--
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR AGENT
dialog: Their lawyer is here.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR MAZIN
dialog: (to Cole and Charlie)
dialog: You guys call somebody?
dialog: (Cole and Charlie shake
dialog: their heads)
dialog: Send him in.
text: Ms. Perez enters, still in her Tower uniform, a legal valise
dialog: in hand.
text: She carries herself like an experienced lawyer.
speaker_heading: MS. PEREZ
dialog: Good morning. My name is Elizabeth
dialog: Perez, I'll be representing these
dialog: gentlemen.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR MAZIN
dialog: (eyeing her uniform)
dialog: Ms. Perez, are you licensed to
dialog: practice law in New York State?
speaker_heading: MS. PEREZ
dialog: As of noon yesterday, yessir, I am.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR MAZIN
dialog: Have a seat then. You know the
dialog: charges being brought against your
dialog: clients?
speaker_heading: MS. PEREZ
dialog: I do. And I’m going to ask that
dialog: they be immediately dropped.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR MAZIN
dialog: On what grounds?
text: She opens her valise and withdraws the CD-ROM from Braniff’s
dialog: safe (which Charlie gave her earlier).
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR MAZIN (CONT’D)
dialog: What is that?
text: Jillian has a pretty good idea; she won’t meet Cole’s eyes.
text: But she’s smiling.
scene_heading: EXT. FBI BUILDING -- NIGHT
text: Cole and Charlie bid Ms. Perez adieu.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Not twenty-four hours a lawyer and
dialog: you’re already blackmailing the
dialog: Feds.
speaker_heading: PEREZ
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Sharks are born swimming.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What just happened in there?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Those were Braniff’s files on the
dialog: disc.
dialog: (as Perez nods)
dialog: You look at ‘em?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: Make a copy?
dialog: (she shrugs: maybe)
dialog: Good girl. You may take the rest
dialog: of the day off.
speaker_heading: MS. PEREZ
dialog: Thank you, gentlemen.
text: She means for their actions yesterday. She shakes both their
text: hands and goes. Cole and Charlie consider each other, gulf
text: between them long gone. They start walking.
text: Jillian, in a window above, watches them go.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN MANHATTAN -- DAYBREAK
text: As we first saw it. City waking up. Workers hustling to get
text: to their a.m. shifts.
text: Among them now are Cole and Charlie, crossing town together
text: in yesterday’s clothes, two old friends walking in silence.
text: They round a corner and head toward --
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- DAYBREAK
text: Still and beautiful and idle at this hour. Cole and Charlie
dialog: have shifts to start, too.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- LOBBY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Cole and Charlie enter. Lester says nothing -- he drops all
text: professionalism and hugs them.
text: As they cross the lobby they are aware of a SLOW BUILDING OF
text: APPLAUSE from the porters, janitors, Mr Svichkar -- everyone.
dialog: 114.
text: They pass the elevators.
speaker_heading: DEV ' REAUX
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Howard. Good
dialog: morning, Mr. Gibbs.
text: Cole grabs him by the neck and hugs him. Charlie tussles his
text: hair. Cole turns back to his staff, moved beyond words. He
text: looks around at the applauding lobby, tries to think of
dialog: something to say...
text: He never gets the chance. MR. SIMON looms before them,
dialog: furious.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: You two. Now.
text: He leads them backstage. Off their reactions: uh-oh...
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- FITZHUGH’S APARTMENT -- DAY
text: PROFESSIONAL MOVERS carry his furniture and boxes out the
text: front door. The Austin-Healey is noticeably absent; instead
text: there is a pile of boxes marked “Living Room,” “Kitchen,”
dialog: “Kids‘ Room.”
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: Guys, there are my irreplaceable
dialog: pre-Columbian crock pots in that
dialog: box so take extra care, okay?
text: Two movers SCREAM in pain lifting an ultra-heavy couch.
speaker_heading: MOVER
dialog: Jesus! This thing’s a hernia and a
dialog: half! What’s it made of, lead?
text: Fitzhugh knows the answer but won’t share it.
text: Stepping out of his bathroom is Slide, wiping grease from his
text: hands, having been up all-night dismantling the Austin. He
text: watches it being carried out in boxes and furniture.
speaker_heading: SLIDE
dialog: Looks like you got it from here.
dialog: See you at Trump Towers?
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH
dialog: We'll split things up there.
text: Off a Mover’s odd look, in explanation --
speaker_heading: FITZHUGH (CONT'D)
dialog: We're lovers.
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWER -- COLE’S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Mr. Simon closes its door behind Cole and Charlie.
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: (he takes them in)
dialog: I don’t know who you know or what
dialog: you used to get out of this but I
dialog: want you to know: I know what you
dialog: did yesterday. You two are through
dialog: here. And don’t think the
dialog: residents board doesn’t know what
dialog: you did!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Really? They all know?
speaker_heading: MR. SIMON
dialog: You of all people know how clubby
dialog: these people are!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I do. And, because they are so...
dialog: (crosses his fingers)
dialog: “,..clubby,” I’m sure most of them,
dialog: if not all of them, were heavily
dialog: invested with Mr. Braniff. And
dialog: might be just a bit pissed at
dialog: him...?
text: Mr. Simon's face falls.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER -- STAFF ENTRANCE -- A DAY LATER
text: Mr. Simon is shown the exit, his possessions packed into a
text: box. Various staff wave “so long” as Mr. Simon staggers
dialog: away: what the fuck just happened?
text: Mr. Simon stares at them flabbergasted.
scene_heading: INT. JILLIAN'’S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: It’s her usual evening. The couch, some work scattered
text: around, the TV on. There is a KNOCK.
text: She frowns. She’s not expecting anyone.
text: A CARD is slid under the door. She picks it up, reads it.
text: Then opens the door.
dialog: It’s Cole.
dialog: 116.
text: She turns and walks back into the room, continuing to look at
dialog: the card.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: “,..Property Manager..?” Mr.
dialog: Simon’s job.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: And Charlie got mine.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: It’s “Charlie” all the time now?
dialog: (as Cole nods)
dialog: Well, that’s something.
text: She takes a good look at him. For the first time since we’ve
text: met him, he’s wearing the casual, but sneakily stylish,
text: clothes of a truly liberated man.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve thought a lot about you.
text: She sits at her table. So does he. They face each other.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: How so?
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: I just have not been able to get
dialog: over what you did. I’m serious --
dialog: it really affected me --
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I’m not a criminal, Jillian.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: It took everything I had to bend my
dialog: brain around the idea that, even if
dialog: stealing’s wrong, some time, some
dialog: place, there’s gonna be that one
dialog: sonofabitch who just has it coming.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Okay. I know. I don’t blame you.
dialog: I’m a thief. --Yeah. I know. I
dialog: just wish--
text: In a fluid move, she reaches under the counter and
dialog: brandishes--
scene_heading: THE WINE BOTTLE: ‘61 CHATEAU LATOUR!
text: --which she plops, with a flourish, onto the table.
text: It’s Braniff’s bottle. No question. Cole’s jaw drops -- she
dialog: has stolen it!
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Drink?
text: Their eyes meet. She smiles. He smiles, relieved,
text: impressed... and titillated.
text: She grins at him... gets out the glasses... anda
text: corkscrew and as he leans back in his chair, a happy,
dialog: happy man... and we
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: «+.. (but of course, being a heist movie, we have tags!)
scene_heading: OVER END CREDITS:
text: A MONTAGE OF THE TOWER STAFF opening their pay envelopes.
text: As each of them reads the figures inside, their eyes go wide.
text: Some scream, some faint, some cry, and some do a spazzy happy
dialog: dance.
text: Dev’reaux immediately has to hand his check to the BURLY
text: UKRANIAN GUYS who wag their finger at him -- don’t fuck with
dialog: us again. They go.
scene_heading: SCREEN GOES BLACK
dialog: 
