scene_heading: “TOY STORY”
dialog: Original Story by
dialog: John Lasseter
dialog: Pete Docter
dialog: Andrew Stanton
dialog: Joe Ranft
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Joss Whedon
dialog: Andrew Stanton
dialog: Joel Cohen and Alec Sokolow
speaker_heading: FINAL DRAFT
dialog: November 1995
scene_heading: “TOY STORY”
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S BEDROOM
text: A row of moving boxes lie on the floor of the room.
text: They are drawn up in crayon to look like a miniature
text: Western town. The bedroom is lined with cloud wallpaper
text: giving the impression of sky.
text: One of the boxes has a children’s illustrated “WANTED”
text: poster of a Mr. Potato Head taped to it.
text: A MR. POTATO HEAD DOLL is set in front of the poster.
text: The VOICE OVER of ANDY, a 6-year-old boy, can be heard
text: acting out all the voices of the scene.
speaker_heading: ANDY (as POTATO HEAD)
dialog: Alright everyone, this is a stick-
dialog: up! Don't anybody move! Now empty
dialog: that safe!
text: A GROUP OF TOYS have been crowded together in front of
text: the “BANK” box.
text: Andy’s hand lowers A CERAMIC PIGGY BANK in front of Mr.
text: Potato Head and shakes out a pile of coins to the floor.
text: Mr. Potato Head kisses the coins.
speaker_heading: ANDY (as POTATO HEAD)
dialog: Ooh! Money. Money. Money.
dialog: (kissing noises)
text: A porcelain figurine of the shepherdess, BO PEEP, is
text: brought into the scene.
speaker_heading: ANDY (as BO PEEP)
dialog: Step it! Stop it, you mean old
dialog: potato!
speaker_heading: ANDY (as POTATO HEAD)
dialog: Quiet Bo Peep, or your sheep get run
dialog: over!
text: The companion porcelain sheep are placed in the center
text: of a Hot Wheels track loop.
speaker_heading: ANDY (as SHEEP)
dialog: Heeeeelp! BAAAAA! Heeeelp us!
speaker_heading: ANDY (as BO PEEP)
dialog: Oh, no! Not my sheep! Somebody do
dialog: something!
text: WOODY, a pull-string rag doll cowboy, enters into the
text: scene opposite the inanimate spud.
text: Andy's hand pulls on the ring in the center of Woody’s
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
text: Reach for the sky.
speaker_heading: ANDY (as POTATO HEAD)
dialog: Oh, no! Sheriff Woody!!
speaker_heading: ANDY (as WOODY)
dialog: I’m here to stop you, One-Eyed Bart.
text: Andy’s hand pulls out one of Mr. Potato Head’s eyes.
speaker_heading: ANDY (as POTATO HEAD)
dialog: Dooooch! How'd you know it was me!
speaker_heading: ANDY (as WOODY)
dialog: Are you gonna come quietly?’
speaker_heading: ANDY (as POTATO HEAD)
dialog: You can’t touch me Sheriff! I
dialog: brought my attack dog with a built-
dialog: in force field!
text: Andy places a TOY DOG, with a SLINKY for a mid-section,
text: in front of Mr. Potato Head and stretches him out.
speaker_heading: ANDY (as WOODY)
dialog: Well I brought my DINOSAUR, who eats
dialog: force field dogs!!
text: Andy reveals a PLASTIC TYRANNOSAURUS REX, who stomps on
dialog: the Slinky Dog.
speaker_heading: ANDY (as DINOSAUR)
scene_heading: AAAAR! ROAR-ROAR-ROAR!
speaker_heading: ANDY (as SLINKY DOG)
scene_heading: YIPE! YIPE-YIPE-YIPE!
speaker_heading: ANDY (as WOODY)
dialog: You're goin’ to jail, Bart.
dialog: Andy picks up Mr.
text: Potato Head and places him in a baby
text: erib in the room.
text: A cardboard sign is taped to the bars with the word
text: “JAIL” written in crayon.
speaker_heading: ANDY (as WOODY)
dialog: Say good-bye to the wife and
dialog: tatertots.
text: Andy’s l-year~old sister, MOLLY, crawls over and picks
text: up Mr. Potato Head. She sucks on him for a beat then
text: proceeds to pound the toy repeatedly against the rail of
text: her crib, forcing some of his parts loose.
text: Andy, wearing a cowboy hat himself, picks up Woody off
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (pulling Woody's
dialog: string)
dialog: You saved the day again, Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
dialog: You're my favorite deputy.
speaker_heading: BEGIN TITLES
text: SONG “YOU'VE GOT A FRIEND IN ME” plays while Andy does
dialog: various activities with Woody:
text: -- Andy turns the western town boxes around to reveal
text: cows drawn on the other side. He grabs a jump rope and
text: pretends Woody is lassoing the cattle.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: C'mon, let’s wrangle up the cattle.
text: ~- Andy then rides Woody around on an RC (remote
text: control) car, and herds the remaining “cow” boxes under
text: Molly’s crib.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL
text: -- Andy places Woody on the top of the stairwell
text: banister allowing the doll to slide downstairs. Andy
text: races ahead and catches him at the bottom.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS LIVING ROOM
text: -- Andy & Woody fall into the La-Z-Boy chair and spin
text: around and around.
text: Next, Andy uses the La-Z-boy foot rest as a catapult.
text: Andy flings Woody across the room to the sofa.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (raising his
dialog: arms)
dialog: Score!
speaker_heading: SONG ENDS
text: Woody lies limp on the sofa while Andy is heard talking
text: to his mother.
speaker_heading: ANDY (0.S.)
dialog: Wow! Cool!
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: Whadda ya think?
speaker_heading: ANDY (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, this looks GREAT, Mom!
scene_heading: ANGLE: THE ADJOINING DINING ROOM
text: MRS. DAVIS, Andy’s thirty eight-year-old mom, has just
text: finished decorating the area with streamers and
text: balloons. A banner is draped across the archway. It
dialog: reads: “Happy Birthday Andy”.
text: Woody's frozen face stares in the direction of the
dialog: birthday decorations.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Can we leave this up ‘til we move?
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Well, sure, we can leave it up.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Yeah!
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Now go get Molly. Your friends are
dialog: going to be here any minute.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Okay.
text: Andy picks up Woody from the couch and runs upstairs.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: It’s partytime, Woody!
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Andy and Woody enter the room. Molly is still banging
text: Potato Head against her crib railing. Andy tips Woody's
text: hat at her.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Howdy, Little Lady!
text: He deposits Woody on the bed and pulls his string one
dialog: last time.
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
dialog: Somebody's poisoned the waterhole.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (picking up
dialog: Molly)
dialog: C'mon, Molly. Oh, you're getting
dialog: heavy!
dialog: (to Woody)
dialog: See ya later, Woody.
text: Andy exits.
speaker_heading: END TITLES
text: Woody's eyes come to life. The cowboy doll sits up, his
text: expression changing from a smile to worry.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Pull my string! The birthday
dialog: party’s today?!
text: Woody thinks.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Okay, everybody. Coast is clear.
text: The bedroom comes alive. TOYS emerge from the toy box,
text: the closet, the shelves, etc... in a flurry of activity.
text: POTATO HEAD, his body parts strewn across the floor,
text: sits himself upright and begins to re-assemble himself.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
text: Ages three and up. It’s on my box.
dialog: Ages three and up! I'm not supposed
text: to be babysitting Princess Drool.
text: HAMM, the piggy bank, flips one last penny into his coin
text: slot. Potato Head walks up to him. All his facial
text: pieces are in the wrong slots.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Hey, Hamm! Look! I'm Picasso!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: I don’t get it.
text: Hamm walks away.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: You uncultured swine!
dialog: (to someone
dialog: Q.S.)}
dialog: What are you looking at, ya hockey
dialog: puck?!
text: Potato Head walks past, revealing a hockey puck
text: figurine.
text: Woody sits on the edge of the bed observing all the
text: activity. He turns to a plastic green army man,
text: SARGENT, standing on the night stand.
speaker_heading: woOoDY
dialog: Uh, hey Sarge, have you seen Slinky?
speaker_heading: SARGENT
dialog: (saluting)
dialog: Six! No Sir!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Okay, thank you. At ease.
text: Woody hops off the bed.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey, Slinky?
speaker_heading: SLINKY (0.S.)
dialog: Right here, Woody!
text: A toy Slinky dog, SLINKY, appears from under the bed
text: pushing out a checker board set. He begins to place the
text: checkers on the board.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: I’m red this time.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, Slink --
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Oh... well alright, you can be red
dialog: if you want.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Not now, Slink. I’ve got some bad
dialog: news.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Bad news?!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Sh-h-h-h-h!!
text: Woody covers up Slinky’s mouth, aware that the other
text: toys in the room are watching. He leans in close to
dialog: Slinky.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Just gather everyone up for a staff
dialog: meeting and be happy!!
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Got it.
text: Slinky shuffles off.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Be HAPPY!
text: Slinky perks up his gait and LAUGHS HARD.
text: Woody proceeds in the other direction. He passes a toy
text: ROBOT and SNAKE partially hidden under the bedspread.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Staff meeting, everybody.
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Snake, Robot --~ podium duty.
text: Robot and Snake come out from under the bed and
text: reluctantly follow Woody.
text: Woody walks past an Etch-A-Sketch, ETCH, going the other
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey Etch’! Draw!
text: Both Etch and Woody whip around like gunfighters.
dialog: -7-
text: Before Woody can fully extend his arm out, the Etch-A-
text: Sketch etches a gun on its screen.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (pretending to
dialog: be shot)
dialog: Oh!! You got me again, Etch’!
dialog: You‘ve been working on that draw.
text: Fastest knobs in the west.
text: Slinky passes a group of toys on the floor.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Got a staff meeting, you guys, come
dialog: on, let’s go!
text: Robot and Snake begin constructing a podium made out of
text: Legos and a Tinker Toy tub while Woody searches the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Now where is that -- ? Aw, hey, who
dialog: moved my doodle pad way over here?
text: Woody spots the doodle pad on the floor by the desk and
text: walks over to it. As he reaches down to pick it up...
text: REX, the plastic dinosaur, jumps out to scare Woody.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: ROOAAAARR! ! !
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (unaffected)
dialog: Oh, how ya doin’, Rex?
text: Rex suddenly turns timid.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Were you scared? Tell me honestly.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I was close to being scared that
dialog: time.
text: Woody heads back to the podium. Rex follows.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: I'm going for fearsome here, but I
dialog: just don't feel it. JI think I'm
text: just coming off as annoying.
text: A crook suddenly grabs Woody's neck and jerks him
text: towards BO PEEP, the porcelain figurine.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (choking)
dialog: Aach! -- Oh, hi, Bo.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: I wanted to thank you, Woody, for
dialog: saving my flock.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (blushing)
dialog: Oh, hey - it was nothing.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Whadda ya say I get someone else to
dialog: watch the sheep tonight?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (very flustered)
dialog: Heh, heh... oh yeah, uh, I...
text: Bo saunters back towards her lamp stand, passing a stack
text: of ABC. blocks.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Remember, I'm just a couple of
text: blocks away.
text: Woody is left lovestruck.
text: All the rest of the toys in the room are filing past
dialog: Slinky.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Come on, come on! Smaller toys up
dialog: front.
text: Woody remains lovestruck in the middle of the room.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Hey, Woody! C’mon!
text: Woody snaps out of his trance and rushes over to the
dialog: podium.
text: The toys crowd together as Woody steps up to the podium.
text: MIKE, a toy tape recorder, waddles up next to Woody and
text: indicates his microphone.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Ahem!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (grabbing microphone)
dialog: Oh, thanks, Mike.
dialog: {to the crowd)
dialog: Okay --
speaker_heading: SFX: FEEDBACK
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: {to Mike)
dialog: Oh, whoa, step back --
text: Mike waddles back a step to stop the feedback.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hello? Check? Better? Great.
dialog: Everybody hear me? Up on the shelf
dialog: can you hear me? Great! Okay,
dialog: first item today...oh, yeah. Has
dialog: everyone picked a moving buddy?
text: The toys all MOAN.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Moving buddy?! You can’t be
dialog: serious!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Well I didn’t know we were supposed
dialog: to have one already.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
text: (waving his arm
dialog: out its socket)
dialog: Do we have to hold hands?
text: The toys LAUGH and SNICKER.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, yeah, you guys think this is a
dialog: big joke. We've only got one week
dialog: left before the move. I don’t want
text: any toys left behind. A moving
dialog: buddy -- if you don’t have one, get
dialog: one!
dialog: (checking the pad)
dialog: Alright, next...uh...oh, yes.
dialog: Tuesday night's “Plastic Corrosion
dialog: Awareness" meeting was, I think, a
dialog: big success and we want to thank Mr.
dialog: Spell for putting that on for us.
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Spell.
dialog: - 10 -
text: The words “You're welcome” scroll across Mr. Spells
text: display screen as he speaks.
speaker_heading: MR. SPELL
dialog: You're welcome.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Ok, uh...oh yes. One minor note
dialog: here...
dialog: (under his
dialog: breath)
dialog: Andy’s birthday party’s been moved
dialog: to today.
dialog: (full voice)
dialog: Next we have --
text: The toys all PANIC.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: What?! Whadda ya mean, the party’s
dialog: today?! His birthday’s not ‘til
dialog: next week! !
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: What's going on down there?’ Is Mom
dialog: losing her marbles?!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Well, obviously she wanted to have
dialog: the party before the move. I‘m not
dialog: worried. You shouldn't be worried.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Of course Woody ain't worried! He’s
dialog: been Andy’s favorite since
dialog: Kindergarten!
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Hey, hey! Come on, Potato Head! If
dialog: Woody says it’s all right, then,
dialog: well, darnit, it's good enough for
dialog: me. Woody has never steered us
dialog: wrong before.
text: While Slinky speaks, Potato Head takes off his mouth and
text: Mimes kissing his own butt.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: c’mon, guys! Every Christmas and
dialog: birthday we go through this.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: But what if Andy gets another
dialog: dinosaur? A mean one? I just don’t
dialog: think I can take that kind of
dialog: rejection.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey, listen, no one’s getting
dialog: replaced. This is Andy we're
dialog: talking about.
text: Woody steps down from the podium and walks towards the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (continued)
dialog: It doesn’t matter how much we‘re
dialog: played with. What matters is that
dialog: we're here for Andy when he needs
dialog: us. That's what we’re made for.
dialog: Right?
text: Everyone is now looking down, sheepish.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Pardon me. I hate to breakup the
dialog: staff meeting, but, THEY'RE HERE!
dialog: Birthday guests at three o'clock!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Stay calm, everyone!!
text: foo late. The toys PANIC and stampede over Woody
text: towards the bedroom window, leaving him alone on the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Uh, meeting adjourned.
text: The toys all crowd around the bedroom window, trying to
dialog: get a peek outside.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Oh, boy. Will ya take a look at all
dialog: those presents?!
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: I can’t see a thing!
text: Unable to see over the crowd, Potato Head pulls his eyes
text: out of his head and holds them up over the other toys.
scene_heading: ANGLE: TOY’S POV OF ANDY’S FRONT YARD
dialog: - 12 -
text: CHILDREN file towards the front door carrying presents.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Yessir, we're next month's garage
dialog: sale fodder for sure.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Any dinosaur-shaped ones?
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Ah, for crying out loud, they’re all
dialog: in boxes, you idiot!
text: The presents keep coming.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: They're getting bigger.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Wait! There's a nice little one
dialog: over there!
text: At first,.the kid’s present appears to, be a little box,
text: but then the kid turns -- the present is four feet long.
text: The toys SCREAM.
speaker_heading: MR. SPELL
dialog: Spell the word “trashcan.”
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: We're doomed!
text: Down on the floor, Woody smacks his hand to his forehead
dialog: in surrender.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Alright! Alright!
text: The toys turn inside and look down at Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (continued)
dialog: If I send out the troops, will you
dialog: all calm down?
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Yes! Yes! We promise!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Okay, save your batteries!
dialog: ~ 13 -
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Eh, very good, Woody. That’s using
text: the old noodle.
text: Woody jumps up onto Andy‘s bed and turns to the Sargent
text: on the nightstand.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Sargent. Establish a recon post
dialog: downstairs. Code red. You know
dialog: what to do.
speaker_heading: SARGENT
dialog: Yes SIR!
text: The green army man hops down to the floor where a
text: “BUCKET 0' SOLDIERS” s its.
speaker_heading: SARGENT
dialog: Alright men, you heard him. Code
dialog: Red! Repeat: We are at Code Red!
dialog: Recon plan Charlie. Execute! Let’s
dialog: move move move! !
text: THE GREEN ARMY MEN file out of the bucket and march in
text: formation across the bedroom floor.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: Andy's door creaks open and a lone army man ventures
text: forth to make sure the coast is clear. Satisfied, he
text: motions for the others to proceed. Squads of soldiers
text: march into the hall carrying a baby monitor and a jump
dialog: rope.
text: The army men each leapfrog behind the stairway banisters
text: and hold their positions while the Sargent surveys the
text: scene below through his binoculars.
scene_heading: ANGLE: SARGENT’S BINOCULAR VIEW OF DOWNSTAIRS
text: Directly below, Mrs. Davis passes through the hallway
text: rounding up Andy and all his birthday guests.
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Okay, c’mon kids! Everyone in the
text: living room. It’s almost time for
dialog: the presents.
text: Once Mrs. Davis and the children are out of sight, the
text: Sargent motions to his men with a silent hand signal.
dialog: - 14 -
text: TWO PARATROOPERS jump out through the railing,
text: parachuting down to the floor below.
scene_heading: INT, DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: The paratroopers sweep the area with their plastic
text: rifles, then give the “all clear” sign.
text: The jump rope is lowered, and more soldiers rappel down.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S BEDROOM
text: The toys race towards the nightstand where Woody has
text: placed the receiving half of the baby monitor.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: And this --
dialog: (turning on the
dialog: baby monitor)
dialog: -- is how we find out what is in
dialog: those presents.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: The green army men march in formation across the floor
dialog: when suddenly...
speaker_heading: SFX: FOOTSTEPS
text: Can be heard approaching from behind the connecting
text: kitchen door. Immediately the Sargent signals for his
text: men to freeze in their various classic action poses.
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, who’s hungry? Here come the
dialog: chips. I’ve got Cool Ranch and
dialog: Barbeque --
text: The door opens and Mrs. Davis’ foot comes down hard on
text: top of a soldier.
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Owww! What in the world -- ? Oh, I
dialog: thought I told him to pick these up.
text: With a sweep of her foot, she brushes the army men out
text: of her path and continues on to the living room.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY'S BEDROOM
dialog: -15 -
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Shouldn't they be there by now?
dialog: What‘s taking them so long?!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey, these guys are professionals.
dialog: They’re they best. C'mon, they’re
text: not lying down on the job.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: As soon as Mom is gone, the Sargent motions for his men
text: to proceed toward a nearby houseplant that looks into
dialog: the living room. -
text: The Sargent then notices an injured soldier struggling
text: to drag himself forward -- a casualty of Mrs. Davis’
text: foot. The Sargent helps the injured soldier to his
dialog: feet.
scene_heading: WOUNDED SOLDIER
dialog: (moans )
dialog: Go on without me. Just go!
speaker_heading: SARGENT
dialog: A good soldier never leaves ‘a man
dialog: behind.
text: The Sargent motions to the remaining men above. They
text: lower themselves via jump rope, riding the baby monitor.
text: Once downstairs, they hustle the baby monitor towards
text: the houseplant. Suddenly...
speaker_heading: A BALL
text: bounces into the hallway, followed by the sound of
text: footsteps and kid clamor.
text: The Sargent, supporting his wounded man, reaches the
text: plant, right on the heels of the squad with the baby
text: monitor. They conceal themselves in the house plant
text: just before the children run by.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - HOUSE PLANT — CONTINUOUS
text: While the baby monitor is set in place, A MEDIC
text: evaluates the wounded soldier and gives the “thumb’s up”
dialog: signal.
text: The Sargent scans the party with his binoculars.
scene_heading: ANGLE: BINOCULAR VIEW OF BIRTHDAY PRESENTS
dialog: - 16 -
text: The pile of brightly wrapped gifts sits atop the living
text: room coffee table.
speaker_heading: SARGENT (0.S.)
dialog: There they are.
scene_heading: INT, ANDY'S ROOM
text: The toys perk up as STATIC suddenly emits from the baby
dialog: monitor.
speaker_heading: SARGENT (0.S.; over monitor)
dialog: Come in, Mother Bird, this is Alpha
dialog: Bravo.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: This is it! This is it! Quiet,
dialog: quiet, quiet!
speaker_heading: SARGENT (0.S.; over monitor)
dialog: Come in, Mother Bird.
dialog: Alright. ..Andy’s opening the first
dialog: present now.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: (chanting)
dialog: Mrs. Potato Head...Mrs. Potato
dialog: Head...Mrs. Potato Head...
dialog: (off Rex's look)
dialog: Hey, I can dream, can’t I?
speaker_heading: SARGENT (0.S.; over monitor)
text: The bow’s coming off... he’s ripping
dialog: the wrapping paper... it’s a...
dialog: it's... it's a lunchbox! We've got
dialog: a lunchbox, here!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: A lunchbox?!
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: A lunchbox...?!
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: For lunch. Heh heh heh...
speaker_heading: S SARGENT (0.S.; over monitor)
dialog: Ok, second present... it appears to
dialog: be... okay, it’s bed sheets.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Who invited THAT kid?!
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
scene_heading: ANGLE: BINOCULAR VIEW OF PRESENTS
scene_heading: MATCH DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE: BINOCULAR VIEW OF A SINGULAR PRESENT
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Oh, only one left.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S BEDROOM
speaker_heading: SARGENT (O.S.; over monitor)
dialog: Okay, we're on the last present
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Last present!
speaker_heading: SARGENT (0.S.; over monitor)
dialog: It's a big one... It’s a... it’s a
dialog: boardgame! Repeat! Battleship --
dialog: Battleship, the boardgame!
text: The toys CHEER WITH RELIEF.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Yeah, alright!!
text: Hamm gives Potato Head a congratulatory pat on the back,
text: sending his facial features flying.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Hey, watch it!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Sorry there, old Spudhead.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - HOUSE PLANT
speaker_heading: SARGENT
dialog: (to army men)
dialog: Mission accomplished. Well done,
dialog: men. Pack it up, we're going home.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S BEDROOM
dialog: - 18 -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: So did I tell ya? Huh? Nothing to
dialog: worry about.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: I knew you were right all along,
dialog: Woody. Never doubted you for a
dialog: second.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - HOUSE PLANT
text: The platoon is preparing to exit the plant when...
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS (0.S.}
dialog: Wait a minute. Oooh, what do we
dialog: have here?!
text: The Sargent lifts his binoculars back to his eyes.
scene_heading: ANGLE: BINOCULAR VIEW OF LIVING ROOM
text: Mrs. Davis can be seen opening the closet and pulling
text: out another large present.
speaker_heading: SARGENT
dialog: (indicating the
dialog: baby monitor)
dialog: Wait -- turn that thing back on!
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: SARGENT (0.S.; over monitor)
dialog: Come in, Mother Bird, come in,
dialog: Mother Bird.
text: All the toys tense up.
speaker_heading: SARGENT (0.S.; over monitor)
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Mom has pulled a surprise present
text: from the closet. Andy's opening
dialog: it...
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - HOUSE PLANT - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: SARGENT
dialog: He's really excited about this one.
dialog: It’s a huge package. Oh -- get out
dialog: -- one of the kids is in the way, I
dialog: can’t see...
scene_heading: INT. ANDY'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
dialog: - 19 -
speaker_heading: SARGENT (0.S.; from monitor)
dialog: it’s... it’s a --
text: The sound of children CHEERING emits from the monitor,
text: cutting off the Sargent.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: It‘s a WHAT?! WHAT IS IT?!!!
text: Rex grabs a leg of the nightstand and shakes it, making
text: the monitor drop to the floor. The impact causes the
text: batteries to roll out.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Oh, no!
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Oh, ya big lizard! Now we’ll never
dialog: know what it is!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Way to go, Rex.
text: Everyone rushes to the fallen monitor. Potato Head
text: tries to correctly insert the batteries.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, no! Turn ‘em around, turn‘’em
dialog: around!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Eh, he’s puttin’ ‘em in backwards.
dialog: (shoving Potato
dialog: Head aside)
dialog: You’re puttin’ ‘em in backwards!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Plus is positive, minus is negative!
dialog: Oh, let me!
text: Woody jumps down off the bed and shoves both Hamm and
text: Potato Head aside.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Let’s go to my room, guys!
text: The kids rush past the houseplant.
dialog: - 20 -
speaker_heading: SARGENT
dialog: (into the
dialog: monitor)
text: RED ALERT! RED ALERT! ANDY IS
text: COMING UPSTAIRS!
scene_heading: INT. ANDY'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody puts the last battery back in.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: There.
speaker_heading: SARGENT (0.S.; over monitor)
dialog: Juvenile intrusion! Repeat! Resume
dialog: your positions NOW!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Andy‘s coming, everybody! Back to
dialog: your places. Hurry!
text: The toys PANIC and scatter about the room.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Where’s my ear? Who’s seen my ear? Did you
dialog: see my ear? .
speaker_heading: REX :
dialog: Outta my way! Here I come, here I
dialog: come --
text: Frantic, Rex slams into a trashcan and falls over.
text: Everyone scurries to their places as the KID’S FOOTSTEPS
text: grow louder.
text: Woody falls limp in his spot on the bed just as...
text: Andy’s bedroom door flies open and a flood of children’s
text: feet rush in.
speaker_heading: FRIEND #1
text: Hey, look! His lasers light up.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Take that, Zurg!
text: Woody is flung off Andy’s pillow and slides, unnoticed,
text: down the gap between the bed and the back wall.
speaker_heading: FRIEND #2
dialog: Quick! Make a space! This is where
text: the spaceship lands.
dialog: - 21 -
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: -- and you press his back and he
dialog: does a karate-chop action!
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: Come on down, guys. It’s time for
dialog: games! We‘ve got prizes!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Oh, yeah!
text: The kids all run out as fast as they entered, SLAMMING
text: THE DOOR behind them. °
speaker_heading: BEAT
text: The toys slowly come to life and make their way toward
dialog: the bed.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Can you see it?
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: What the heck is up there?
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Woody? Who's up there with you?
text: Woody crawls out from under the bed. The toys are
text: shocked to discover him there.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Woody, what are you doing under the
dialog: bed?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (composing
dialog: himself)
dialog: Uh-h-h-h... nothing! Uh, nothing.
dialog: I’m sure Andy was just a little
dialog: excited, that’s all. Too much cake
dialog: and ice cream, I suppose. It’s just
dialog: a mistake.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
text: Well, that MISTAKE is sitting in
dialog: your spot, Woody.
dialog: - 22 -
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (GASP!) Have you been replaced?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey! What did I tell you earlier?
text: No one is getting replaced.
text: The toys give each other a look of doubt.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Now let’s all be polite, and give
dialog: whatever it is up there a nice, big
dialog: “Andy’s Room” welcome.
text: Woody climbs slowly up the side of the bed, peeking over
text: the edge. His eyes widen at the sight of...
speaker_heading: BUZZ LIGHTYEAR
text: We see Buzz as Woody does - an expensive looking space
text: age action figure, covered with buttons and stickers
text: from head to toe. The imposing “G.I. Joe-sized” doll
text: stands heroically in the center of the bed, his back to
dialog: Woody.
text: Woody GULPS.
text: Buzz comes alive and looks around.
scene_heading: ANGLE: BUZZ'S POV THROUGH HIS HELMET
text: While he scans the bedroom a “DARTH VADER” LIKE
text: BREATHING is heard.
text: Buzz eyes it all suspiciously and pushes a button on
dialog: chest.
scene_heading: SFX: ELECTRONIC BEEP
speaker_heading: BUZZ
text: Buzz Lightyear to Star Command.
dialog: Come in, Star Command.
text: Nothing. He pushes the button again.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Star Command - come in. Do you read
dialog: me?
dialog: {to himself)
dialog: Why don’t they answer?!!
text: Just then, Buzz catches sight of his ripped packaging.
text: The box is designed to look like a spaceship.
dialog: - 23 -
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (continued)
dialog: (GASP) My ship!!
text: He runs up to the box and investigates the damage.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Blast! This‘1l take weeks to
dialog: repair!
text: Buzz flips open a plastic compartment on his arm -- his
text: wrist communicator.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Buzz Lightyear Mission Log.
dialog: Stardate 4072: My ship has run off
dialog: course en route to sector 12. I've
text: crash landed on a strange planet.
dialog: The impact must have awoken me from
dialog: hyper-sileep.
text: Buzz springs up and down on the squishy surface of the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: {into communicator) °
dialog: Terrain seems a bit unstable...
text: He taps the sticker of controls on his wrist
text: communicator.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (into communicator)
dialog: No read-out yet if the air is
dialog: breathable... and there seems to be
dialog: no sign of intelligent life
dialog: anywhere ~-
scene_heading: ANGLE: BUZZ‘S POV THROUGH HIS HELMET
text: Woody's face suddenly pops into view.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hello-o-o...
speaker_heading: BUZZ
text: HO-YAAAHH! ! !
text: Buzz jumps back, taking a fighting stance. He presses a
text: button on his arm that turns on a red “laser beam" light
text: on his wrist. Buzz aims the red beam on Woody’s
text: forehead and holds it there.
dialog: - 24 -
speaker_heading: woOoDY
dialog: Aaaaaaah! Whoa, hey, whoa, did I
dialog: frighten you? Didn’t mean to.
dialog: Sorry. Howdy! My name is Woody and
dialog: this is Andy’s room. That’s all I
dialog: wanted to say, and also, there has
dialog: been a bit of a mix-up. This is my
dialog: spot, see, the bed here --
text: While Woody is speaking, Buzz notices the sheriff‘s
text: badge on Woody's vest.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (de-activating
dialog: his laser beam)
dialog: Local law enforcement! It’s about
dialog: time you got here. I’m Buzz
dialog: Lightyear, Space Ranger, Universe
dialog: Protection Unit. My ship has crash
dialog: landed here by mistake.
text: Buzz begins walking around the bed, surveying the
text: situation. Woody tries to keep up.
speaker_heading: WOODY .
dialog: Yes, it is a mistake, because, you
dialog: see, the bed, here, is my spot.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I need to repair my turbo boosters.
dialog: Do you people still use fossil
dialog: fuels, or have you discovered
dialog: erystalic fusion?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Well, let‘s see, we’ve got double
dialog: A's ~--
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Watch yourself! !
text: Buzz shoves Woody down on the bed and re-activates his
text: wrist laser.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Halt! Who goes there?!
text: The other toys are peeking over the edge of the bed.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Don’t shoot! It’s okay! Friends!
dialog: - 25 -
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (to Woody)
dialog: Do you know these life forms?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Yes. They’re Andy’s toys.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Alright, everyone. You're clear to
dialog: come up.
text: Buzz walks over to the toys.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I am Buzz Lightyear. I come in
dialog: peace.
text: Rex steps forward and eagerly shakes Buzz’s hand.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Oh, I’m so glad you're not a
dialog: dinosaur!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Why, thank you...
dialog: (pulls away)
dialog: Now thank you all for your kind
dialog: welcome.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Say! What's that button do?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I’1l show you.
text: Buzz presses a button on his chest.
speaker_heading: BUZZ (SAMPLED VOICE)
dialog: Buzz Lightyear to the rescue!
text: The toys all GASP IN AWE.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Hey, Woody’s got something like
dialog: that. His is a pullstring, only it
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
text: Only it sounds like a car ran over
dialog: it.
dialog: ~ 26 -
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Oh yeah, but not like this one.
dialog: This is a quality sound system.
dialog: Probably all copper wiring, huh?
dialog: So, uh, where are you from?
dialog: Singapore? Hong Kong?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Well... no, actually I’m stationed
text: up in the Gamma Quadrant of Sector
dialog: 4. As a member of the elite
dialog: Universe Protection Unit of the
dialog: Space Ranger Corps, I protect the
dialog: galaxy from the threat of invasion
dialog: from the Evil Emperor Zurg, sworn
dialog: enemy of the Galactic Alliance.
text: As Buzz speaks, Woody glances down at the box in which
dialog: Buzz arrived.
scene_heading: ANGLE: BACK OF BUZZ’S BOX
text: There is a cartoon drawing of Buzz giving the exact,
text: word-for-word spiel that Buzz is now giving.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Oh, really? I’m from Playskool.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: And I’m from Mattel. Well, I'm not
dialog: really from Mattel, I’m actually
dialog: from a smaller company that was
text: purchased in a leveraged buy-out.
dialog: Well, I don’t really understand the
dialog: financials, but...
text: Woody walks over to Bo Peep.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: You’d think they’ve never seen a new
dialog: toy before.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Well sure, look at him. He's got
text: more gadgets on him then a swiss
text: army knife.
text: Slinky presses the button on Buzz’s arm, activating his
text: laser light. Buzz quickly pulls his arm away.
dialog: - 27 -
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Ah, ah, ah, please be careful! You
dialog: don‘t want to be in the way when my
text: laser goes off.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Hey, a laser! How come you don’t
dialog: have a laser, Woody?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: It’s not a laser! It’s a little
dialog: lightbulb that blinks!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: What's with him?
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Laser-envy.
speaker_heading: woOoDY
dialog: All right, that’s enough. Look,
dialog: we're all very impressed with Andy's
dialog: new toy --
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Toy?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: T-O-Y. Toy.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Excuse me, I think the word you're
text: searching for is Space Ranger.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: The word I'm searching for I can’t
dialog: say because there’s pre-school toys
dialog: present.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Gettin’ kind of tense, aren't you?
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Oh, uh, Mr. Lightyear? Now I’m
dialog: curious. What does a Space Ranger
dialog: actually do?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: He's not a Space Ranger! He doesn't
dialog: fight evil or shoot lasers or fly --
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Excuse me.
dialog: -~ 28 -
text: Buzz calmly hits a button and wings pop out.
text: Again the toys GASP IN AWE.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Oh, impressive wingspan. Very good!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, what?!...What?! These are
dialog: plastic. He can’t fly!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: They are a terillium-carbonic alloy
dialog: and I CAN fly.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, you can't.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Yes, I can.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: You can't!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Can!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Can‘t! Can‘t! Can't!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I tell you, I could fly around this
dialog: room with my eyes closed!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Okay then, Mr. Lightbeer! Prove it.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: All right, then, I will.
dialog: (to toys)
dialog: Stand back everyone!
text: The crowd of toys make room for Buzz as he heads towards
text: the edge of the bed and climbs up the bedpost. He poses
text: like a high diver, shuts his eyes...
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: To infinity and beyond!!
text: and leaps off the bed.
dialog: - 29 -
text: Buzz plummets straight down, hits a big rubber ball and
text: bounces right back up.
text: He then lands on a Hotwheels car, which races him down
text: the track, through the loop, and off a ramp. Buzz soars
text: upward into a plane mobile hanging from the ceiling.
text: Buzz becomes wedged between the plane’s wheels. The
text: impact turns on the PLANE'S MOTOR making it (and Buzz)
text: spin around and around.
text: All the other toys watch from the bed, mesmerized.
text: Finally the centrifugal force causes Buzz to separate
text: from the plane, sailing him across the room toward the
dialog: bed.
text: Buzz makes a perfect landing right in front of Woody and
text: then opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Can.
text: The crowd of toys rush Buzz, CHEERING AND CLAPPING WITH
scene_heading: ADORATION.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Whoa! Oh, wow! You flew
dialog: magnificently!
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: I found my moving buddy!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Why, thank you. Thank you all.
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: That wasn’t flying! That was
dialog: falling with style!
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Man, the dolls must really go for
dialog: you!
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Can you teach me that?
text: Woody stands alone at the other end of the bed, fuming.
text: Slinky, caught up in the euphoria, approaches Woody .
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Heh, heh, heh! Golly bob howdy --
dialog: - 30 -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, shut up! In a couple of days,
dialog: everything will be just the way it
dialog: was. They'll see... they'll see.
dialog: I'm still Andy’s favorite toy.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: SONG: STRANGE THINGS plays over montage.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S ROOM - LATER
text: A) Andy plays with Woody: jumping up and down on the
text: bed, running around the room.
text: B) Andy sets Woody down on the floor. Next he “lands”
text: Buzz Lightyear on the floor opposite Woody. Andy shoots
text: Buzz’s laser at Woody and then smacks Woody across the
text: room as if he’d been blown away by the laser.
text: Cc) Andy runs into his closet wearing his cowboy hat and
text: cowboy pajamas.
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
text: Andy runs out of the closet clad in Buzz Lightyear
text: pajamas and a homemade spaceman’s helmet.
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: Buzz Lightyear to the rescue.
text: D) Woody observes all the cowboy-themed items in the
text: bedroom transform to space motif: the posters, the
text: drawings on the wall, the pillow, the bedspread.
text: E) Buzz watches Rex execute a WIMPY ROAR. The space
text: ranger suggests a few tips for the dinosaur. Rex tries
text: again, this time giving a “JURASSIC PARK” ROAR.
text: The roar blasts Potato Head’s features right off his
dialog: face.
text: F) Woody passes Etch-A-Sketch, who’s sporting a portrait
dialog: of Buzz.
text: Woody looks across the room to see Buzz combing Troll
text: Doll's hair, chatting away like a hair dresser.
text: Woody angrily shakes Etch, removing Buzz’s image.
text: G) Rocky, Snake, Troll Doll and Rex are lifting
text: Tinkertoys as weights. Buzz works out on top of an
text: upside down Robot, using his feet as a treadmill.
dialog: - 31 -
text: Potato Head attempts to lift his Tinkertoy barbell but
text: ends up tumbling backwards, leaving his arms connected
text: to the barbell.
text: H} Woody looks under the bed for Slinky, finding only
text: the checkerboard.
text: Woody peeks around the corner of the bed to see Slinky
text: and Robot, under Buzz’s direction, setting Buzz's “ship”
text: up on top of ABC blocks for repair.
text: In frustration, Woody kicks the checkerboard, sending
text: the pieces flying. One of the checkers ricochets off
text: the dresser and boomerangs into Woody's mouth.
text: I) On Andy's bed, Buzz pets Slinky whose back end is
text: stretched over to the other side where Woody sits.
text: Slinky's wagging tail whacks Woody in the face
dialog: repeatedly.
text: Woody shoves Slinky’s rear end off the bed, leaving his
text: front end no choice but to eventually follow.
text: J) At bedtime, Andy loads his toys into the toybox until
text: just Woody and Buzz are left. He deliberates as to
text: which toy to keep and which to toss into the toybox.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Andy is sound asleep, with Buzz tucked under the covers
text: next to him.
text: Woody peeks out at them from the toybox and then sadly
text: sinks back into the box, closing the lid to...
speaker_heading: BLACK
scene_heading: END MONTAGE/SONG ENDS
text: The black screen splits horizontally to become...
scene_heading: INT, ANDY’S BEDROOM - MORNING - WOODY’S POV OF THE
scene_heading: BEDROOM FROM THE TOY BOX
text: All is clear -- no sign of Andy. Woody throws open the
text: lid of the toy box.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Finally!
text: He takes a couple DEEP BREATHS of fresh air, then
text: discovers that his hat is missing.
dialog: -32-
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (looking back
dialog: into the toy
dialog: box)
dialog: Hey! Who’s got my hat?
text: The rubber shark pops up wearing Woody's cowboy hat.
speaker_heading: SHARK
dialog: Look, I'm Woody. Howdy, howdy,
dialog: howdy!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Ah-hah! Ah-hah-hah!
dialog: {grabs the hat)
dialog: Give me that!
text: Woody leaps out of the toy box.
speaker_heading: BUZZ (0.S.)
dialog: Say there, Lizard and Stretchy Dog.
dialog: Let me show you something. It looks
dialog: as though I’ve been accepted into
dialog: your culture.
text: Woody looks up to see Buzz chatting with Rex and Slinky.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Your Chief, Andy, inscribed his name
dialog: on me.
text: Buzz juts his foot out so that Slinky and Rex can see
text: the sole of his boot.
text: The name “ANDY” is written on it in permanent marker.
speaker_heading: SLINKY & REX
dialog: Wow!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: With permanent ink, too!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Well, I must get back to repairing
dialog: my ship.
text: Buzz walks away.
text: Woody looks at HIS foot -- “Andy” is written on it also
text: but in a much more childish scrawl, and is largely
dialog: faded.
dialog: - 33-
speaker_heading: BO PEEP (0.S.)
dialog: Don‘t let it get to you, Woody.
text: Hearing Bo, Woody puts his foot back down and quickly
text: straightens up.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (nonchalant)
dialog: Uh, let what? I don’t -- Uh, what
dialog: do you mean? Who?
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: I know Andy’s excited about Buzz,
dialog: but you know, he'll always have a
dialog: special place for you.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: (walking past)
dialog: Yeah. Like the attic. Heh, heh...
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Alright! That's it!
text: Woody angrily marches across the room..
text: Across the room, Buzz’s cardboard ship is still up on
text: the ABC blocks. Buzz lies down on a skateboard and
text: slides under the ship like a mechanic. Snake and Robot.
text: stand by waiting for instructions. Buzz’s hand reaches
text: out from under the ship.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Unidirectional bonding strip.
text: Robot turns towards Snake who stands in readiness by a
text: tape dispenser.
speaker_heading: ROBOT
dialog: Mr. Lightyear wants more tape!
text: Snake rips off a piece of tape with his mouth.
text: Woody approaches the skateboard, grabs hold of Buzz’s
text: foot and rolls him out from under the ship.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Listen, Lightsnack, you stay away
dialog: from Andy. He‘’s mine, and no one is
dialog: taking him away from me.
dialog: - 34 -
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: What are you talking about?
dialog: (to Robot)
dialog: Where’s that bonding strip?!
text: Buzz rolls himself back under. Woody rolls him out
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: And another thing. Stop with this
dialog: spaceman thing. It's getting on my
dialog: nerves.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Are you saying you want to lodge a
dialog: complaint with Star Command?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh okay, so you want to do it the
dialog: hard way, huh?
text: Buzz stands up, face to face with Woody.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Don’t even think about it, cowboy!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, yeah, tough guy?!
text: Woody pushes Buzz in the chest, accidentally activating
text: a button that makes the spaceman’s helmet open.
text: Buzz grabs his neck, GASPING FOR AIR. He drops to his
text: knees and begins to writhe on the ground, holding his
dialog: breath.
text: Woody is unsure how to react.
text: Suddenly, Buzz SNIFFS the air.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: The air isn’t toxic.
text: Buzz rises and points an accusing finger at Woody.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: How dare you open a spaceman’s
dialog: helmet on an uncharted planet! My
dialog: eyeballs could’ve been sucked from
dialog: their sockets!
text: Buzz closes his helmet.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: You actually think you’re THE “Buzz
dialog: Lightyear?” Oh, all this time I
dialog: thought it was an act!
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Hey, guys! Look! It’s the REAL
dialog: Buzz Lightyear!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: You're mocking me, aren’t you?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, no, no, no...
dialog: (pointing behind
dialog: Buzz)
dialog: Buzz, look! An alien!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Where?
text: Buzz falls for the trick and turns around.
text: Woody keels over with LAUGHTER.
scene_heading: SFX: DOG BARKING
text: Woody stops short. All the toys look to the bedroom
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: SID (0.S.)
dialog: Yessss! Ah, ha, ha, ha...
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Uh-oh.
text: Slinky hides under the bed.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: It’s Sid!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: I thought he was at summer camp!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: They must have kicked him out early
dialog: this year.
text: The toys rush over to the window.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Oh, no! Not Sid!
dialog: - 36 -
speaker_heading: SID (0.S.)
dialog: ...Incoming!
text: From out the window, SID PHILLIPS, a hyperactive ten-
text: year-old, and his dog, SCUD, can be roughly made out
text: jumping around in their backyard.
text: A tiny figure stands isolated in the center of the yard.
text: Sid pummels the figure with rocks while Scud strains at
text: his leash, barking wildly.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Who is it this time?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Iocan’t tell. Hey, where’s Lenny?
speaker_heading: LENNY (0.S.)
dialog: Right here, Woody.
text: Woody turns to see, LENNY, a pair of wind-up binoculars,
text: approaching him from the other end of the desk. Woody
text: picks Lenny up and looks through him to survey the
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Oh, no. I can't bear to watch one
dialog: of these again!
scene_heading: ANGLE: BINOCULAR VIEW OF SID‘S BACKYARD
text: A full size toy soldier is posed in a running stance in
text: the center of the backyard. A huge M-80 is strapped to
text: the doll’s back with masking tape.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, no... it's a Combat Carl.
speaker_heading: SID (0.S.)
dialog: (plays under the
dialog: next 5 lines)
dialog: Just stay where you are, Corporal!
dialog: Don’t move, Carl. You’ll blow up.
dialog: I know you're tired! I know your
dialog: leg is cramping, but you can’t move.
dialog: Do you hear me?
text: Buzz breaks through the crowd.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: What’s going on?
dialog: ~37 -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Nothing that concerns you spacemen.
dialog: Just us TOYS.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I'd better take a look anyway.
text: Buzz grabs Lenny from Woody and looks through him.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Why is that soldier strapped to an
dialog: explosive device?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (redirecting
dialog: Buzz's view)
dialog: That’s why. Sid.
scene_heading: ANGLE: BINOCULAR VIEW OF THE DOG, SCUD
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Sure is a hairy fellah.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No! No, that’s Scud, you idiot!
text: Again, Woody readjusts Buzz’s view.
scene_heading: ANGLE: BINOCULAR VIEW OF SID
text: He is sporting a skull t-shirt and LAUGHING HIDEOUSLY.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: THAT is Sid!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: You mean that happy child?
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: That ain’t no happy child.
speaker_heading: REX
text: He tortures toys -- just for fun.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Well, then we've got to do
dialog: something!
text: Buzz steps up onto the window ledge. The toys GASP IN
speaker_heading: SHOCK.
dialog: - 38 -
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: What are you doing?!! Get down from
dialog: there!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I’m going to go teach that boy a
dialog: lesson.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Yeah, sure. You go ahead. Melt him
dialog: with your scary laser.
text: Woody presses Buzz‘s laser button. It emits a WIMPY
text: ELECTRONIC BEEP. Buzz quickly pulls his arm away.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Be careful with that, it’s extremely
dialog: dangerous.
text: While Woody and Buzz banter, Lenny witnesses Sid
text: lighting the fuse of the M80.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: He’s lighting it! He’s lighting it!
speaker_heading: SID (0.S.)
scene_heading: NO-0-0-0-0!!! CA~-A-A-A-A-ARL!
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Hit the dirt!
text: The toys jump away from the window.
speaker_heading: SFX: EXPLOSION
text: Dirt clods and toy shrapnel rain down along the side of
text: Andy's house.
speaker_heading: SID (0.S.)
dialog: Yes! He’s gone! He’s history!
text: Andy's toys peek over the window sill.
scene_heading: ANGLE: SID‘’S YARD
text: A large black scorch mark is all that remains where
text: Combat Carl once stood. Sid jumps up and down
text: victoriously while Scud resumes his BARKING.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I could have stopped him.
dialog: - 39 -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz, I would love to see you try.
dialog: (gesturing to
dialog: Sid’s yard)
dialog: ‘Course I'd love to see you as a
dialog: crater.
text: Sid CACKLES and dances around the crater.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: The sooner we move the better.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ANDY‘S FRONT YARD - SUNSET
text: A “FOR SALE“ real estate sign stands in the front yard.
text: Another sign reading “SOLD” hangs from the bottom.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALL/ANDY’S ROOM
text: Mom opens the door to Andy's room and steps in. The
text: room is full of packing boxes, most of them half full.
text: Andy is playing with Woody and Buzz.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: To infinity and beyond!
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Oh, all this packing makes me
dialog: hungry. What would you say to
dialog: dinner at, uh, oh, Pizza Planet?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Pizza Planet?! 0h, cool!
text: Andy throws the two toys on his desk with Buzz landing
text: right on top of Woody.
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Go wash your hands and I‘1l get
dialog: Molly ready.
text: The minute the door is closed Woody comes alive and
text: shoves Buzz off of him.
speaker_heading: ANDY {0.S.)
dialog: Can I bring some toys?
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: You can bring ONE toy...
dialog: - 40 ~
speaker_heading: ANDY (0.S.)}
dialog: Just one?
text: Woody perks up with concern.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: One toy?
text: He glances over his shoulder at Buzz, who is walking
text: away towards the opposite end of the desk.
text: Woody picks up a Magic 8 Ball left beside him on the
text: -desk. With his back to Buzz, Woody quietly shakes the 8
dialog: ball.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Will .Andy pick me?
text: He tips the 8 ball over. The triangular oracle floats
text: up to the surface. Its prediction reads: DON’T COUNT
dialog: ON IT.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Don’t count on it?!! Doh-h-h-h!
text: Woody throws down the 8 ball in disgust. It rolls
text: across the desk and falls behind it with a LOUD THUD.
text: Woody suddenly becomes interested in the back of the
text: desk and peers down it.
scene_heading: ANGLE: BACK OF THE DESK
text: The 8 ball is wedged way down near the bottom. The
text: space is a black chasm, dark and deep, just big enough
dialog: to fit...a toy.
text: Woody looks across the desk at Buzz
text: He is HUMMING TO HIMSELF as he forages through Andy’s
text: pen/pencil tray looking for “tools” to repair his ship
text: with. Right behind Buzz sits
speaker_heading: THE RC CAR
text: It rests on the desktop, pointing in the direction where
text: the 8 ball fell, with the remote laying by its side.
dialog: - 41 -
text: Woody smiles for a beat and then runs ina Panic over to
dialog: Buzz.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz!! Oh, Buzz, Buzz Lightyear!!
dialog: Buzz Lightyear, thank goodness!
dialog: We’ve got trouble!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Trouble?!
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Where?!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (pointing to the
dialog: back of the desk)
text: Down there. Just down there. A
dialog: helpless toy... it’s.... it's
dialog: trapped, Buzz!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Then we‘ve no time to lose!!
text: Buzz runs over and looks down the back of the desk.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I don’t see anything!
text: Woody picks up the remote for the RC Car and switches it
text: on. RC’s eyes (headlights) open sleepily.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, he’s there. Just, just keep
dialog: looking.
text: Woody hits the “FORWARD” button on the remote and steers
text: the RC Car straight for Buzz.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: What kind of a toy -- ?
text: Buzz turns to see RC headed straight for him. He dives
text: out of the way as the RC Car SMASHES into the base of...
scene_heading: A BULLETIN BOARD
text: The impact forces pushpins to fly out of the board.
text: Buzz ducks as pins land all around him, sticking into
text: the desk like arrows.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
text: sits on the floor in the midst of a card game with Hamm.
dialog: - 42 ~
text: He looks up at the desk and GASPS as the bulletin board
text: slams down onto...
speaker_heading: A GLOBE
text: knocking it out of its stand. The globe starts rolling
text: right at Buzz.
text: Woody stands frozen in disbelief at the chaos he’s
dialog: created.
text: Buzz runs along the desk, the globe rolling right behind
text: him, Indiana Jones style. Buzz gets stuck “log rolling”
text: on a pile of pencils, but at the last second jumps out
text: of the way onto the window ledge.
text: The globe lumbers past Buzz and strikes a Luxo-style
text: desklamp. The arm of the lamp swings all the way
text: around, barely missing Woody...
text: --and knocks Buzz out the window.
speaker_heading: TOYS
dialog: BUZZ!I!!!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz!!!
text: Woody looks out the window. No sign of Buzz. All the
text: other toys rush over to the sill.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: I don’t see him in the driveway! I
text: think he bounced into Sid's yard.
text: Woody backs away from the COMMOTION, unnoticed.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (GASP) Buzz!
speaker_heading: RC CAR
dialog: (electric motor
dialog: sounds)
text: Whirrr!! Whirrrr-whirrrr!!!
text: Rex looks over at RC. The remote control car is
text: bouncing up and down excitedly.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Hey everyone! RC’s trying to say
dialog: something!
text: The toys turn from the window to RC.
dialog: - 43 -
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (leaning down
dialog: close to RC)
dialog: What is it, boy?
speaker_heading: RC CAR
dialog: (electric motor
dialog: sounds)
dialog: Whirrr!!! Whirrr! Whirrrrrr!!
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: He’s sayin’ that this was no
dialog: accident.
speaker_heading: TOYS
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: What do you mean?
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: I mean Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
dialog: (pointing at
dialog: Woody)
dialog: . by Woody.
speaker_heading: TOYS
dialog: WHAT? ! ?
text: The toys turn to Woody who suddenly realizes how this
dialog: looks.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Wait a minute. You -- you don’t
dialog: think I meant to knock Buzz out the
dialog: window, do you Potato Head?
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: That’s Mr. Potato Head to you, you
dialog: back-stabbin’ murderer!
speaker_heading: woOoDY
dialog: Now, it was an accident! Guys,
dialog: ¢’mon now, you...you gotta believe
dialog: me. .
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: We believe you, Woody. Right, Rex?
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (backing away)
dialog: Oh, I don’t like confrontations.
text: The Sargent pops out of the army bucket next to Woody.
speaker_heading: SARGENT
dialog: Where is your honor, dirtbag?! You
dialog: are an absolute disgrace! You don't
dialog: deserve to --
text: Woody seals the lid back on the bucket.
text: Potato Head starts closing in on Woody.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Couldn‘t handle Buzz cuttin’ in on
dialog: your playtime, could ya Woody?
dialog: Didn’t want to face the fact that
dialog: Buzz just might be Andy's new
dialog: favorite toy, so you got rid of him.
dialog: Well, what if Andy starts playin’
dialog: with me more, Woody, huh? You gonna
dialog: knock me outta the window, too?
text: Potato Head has driven Woody back to the very edge of
text: the desk -- trapped.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: I don’t think we should give him the
dialog: chance.
text: Suddenly, the lid pops off the bucket of army men.
speaker_heading: SARGENT
dialog: There he is, men! Frag him!
text: The army men yell CHARGE and pounce on Woody, while all
text: the rest of the toys close in.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Let‘s string him up by his pull-
dialog: string!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: I got dibs on his hat!
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Would you boys stop it?!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Tackle him!
dialog: - 45 -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, no, no, no! Wait! Wait I can
dialog: explain everything --
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: Andy, c’mon!
speaker_heading: ANDY (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, Mom, be right down. I’ve got
dialog: to get Buzz.
speaker_heading: SARGENT
dialog: Retreat!
text: The toys all drop Woody and rush back to their places.
text: Andy enters the room and heads straight for the desk
text: where Woody is lying. Andy overlooks Woody and begins
text: searching around the room.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Mom! Do you know where Buzz is?
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: No, I haven’t seen him.
text: Woody painfully watches as Andy searches in vain for
dialog: Buzz.
speaker_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD (0.S.)
speaker_heading: Psssst!
text: Woody locks across the room.
text: Potato Head and Etch-A-Sketch peek out of a packing box.
text: Etch-A-Sketch scribbles a hangman's noose while Potato
text: Head points an accusing finger in Woody's direction.
text: Woody GULPS.
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: Andy! I’m heading out the door.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: But Mom, I can't find him!
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: Well, honey, just grab some other
dialog: toy! Now c'mon!
dialog: - 46 +
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Okay...
text: He grabs Woody and walks out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. ANDY‘S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Andy exits the house dragging Woody as he heads toward
text: the family van in the driveway.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I couldn't find my Buzz. I know I
dialog: left him right there.
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Honey, I'm sure he’s around. You'll
dialog: find him.
speaker_heading: A BUSH
text: next to the van begins to rustle. Hands part the
text: foliage, revealing Buzz. He eyes Woody going into the
text: van and does a slow burn.
text: The van ENGINE STARTS UP. Buzz races out of the bush,
text: and with a mighty leap, grabs the rear fender of the van
text: as it pulls out of the driveway.
scene_heading: ANGLE: SIDE OF ANDY’S HOUSE
text: A chain of monkeys falls into view, dangling a
text: considerable distance above the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. ANDY’S BEDROOM WINDOW - CONTINUOUS
text: The rest of Andy’s toys have regrouped at the window,
text: supervising the lowering of the “monkey chain”.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: It’s too short! We need more
dialog: monkeys !
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (holding up an
dialog: empty barrel)
dialog: There aren’t any more! That's the
dialog: whole barrel.
text: Rex throws the barrel down and runs back to the ledge.
dialog: ~ 47 -
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (yelling out
dialog: window)
dialog: Buzz! The monkeys aren’t working!
dialog: We’re formulating another plan!
dialog: Stay calm!
dialog: {beat)
dialog: Oh, where could he be?
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - LATER
text: The Davis’ family van pulls up to one of the pumps.
scene_heading: INT. VAN - CONTINUOUS
text: Andy sits in the rear seat with Woody lying next to him.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Can I help pump the gas?
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Sure! I'’1l even let you drive.
text: Both Mrs. Davis and Andy exit the van while baby Molly
text: sleeps up front in her car seat.
speaker_heading: ANDY (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah?!
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah -- when you're sixteen.
speaker_heading: ANDY (0.S.)
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Yuk, yuk, yuk -- funny, Mom.
text: With Mom and Andy out of range, Woody comes to life. He
text: stares out the sun roof, still reeling from everything.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, great. How am I gonna convince
dialog: those guys it was an accident?
text: Suddenly, Buzz appears over the edge of the sun roof.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz!
text: Buzz jumps down on the back seat to face Woody. He is
dialog: furious.
dialog: - 48 -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz! You’re alive! This is great!
dialog: Oh, I’m saved! I’m saved! Andy‘1ll
dialog: find you here, he’1l take us back to
dialog: the room, and then you can tell
dialog: everyone that this was all just a
dialog: big mistake. Huh?
text: No response from Buzz. Just an angry stare.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Right? Buddy?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I just want you to know that even
dialog: though you tried to terminate me,
dialog: revenge is not an idea we promote on
dialog: my planet.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh. Oh, that’s good.
speaker_heading: BUZ2
dialog: (getting in
dialog: Woody's face)
dialog: But we’re not on my planet, are we?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No.
text: Buzz lunges for Woody. The two toys fly off the seat
text: and out the open side door of the van.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody and Buzz hit the ground and roll under the van,
text: locked in mortal combat.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Ok! Come on! You want a piece of
dialog: me?!
text: Buzz lands a punch that sends Woody's head spinning
dialog: around,
text: Woody lunges with all his might. He smacks Buzz in the
text: face, making it SQUEAK with every blow.
text: Buzz closes his helmet on Woody’s hand.
dialog: - 49 -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Owwwww! ! !
text: Woody pounds on Buzz’s chest with his free hand,
text: activating BUZZ‘S SAMPLED VOICE buttons.
scene_heading: SFX: CAR DOOR SLAM
text: The toys stop fighting. Before they can react...
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: Next stop...
speaker_heading: ANDY (0.S.)
dialog: Pizza Planet! Yeah!!!
text: The van drives off.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (GASP) Andy?!
text: Woody starts to run in the direction of the van but it
text: drives out of sight, leaving Buzz and Woody stranded.
speaker_heading: wooDY .
dialog: Doesn‘t he realize that I’m not
dialog: there?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m LOST! Oh, I’m a lost toy!
text: Meanwhile, Buzz checks the surroundings. He flips open
text: his wrist communicator.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Buzz Lightyear Mission Log. The
dialog: local Sheriff and I seem to be at a
text: huge refueling station of some
dialog: sort --
text: Woody whips around, his expression changing from panic
text: to seething anger. He charges at Buzz.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: You!
scene_heading: SFX: LOUD TRUCK HORN
text: Just then the toys are bathed in the headlight beams of
text: a behemoth tanker truck pulling into the station.
text: Buzz dives off to the side while Woody collapses right
text: where he stands on the pavement. The truck ROARS over
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: A GIGANTIC TIRE
text: stops just millimeters from Woody’s nose.
dialog: Petrified,
text: Woody inches away from the tire, moving back
text: under the truck until he bumps into Buzz.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (into wrist
dialog: communicator)
dialog: According to my nava-computer,
dialog: the --
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Shut up! Just shut up, you idiot!!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Sheriff, this is no time to panic.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: This is the perfect time to -panic!
dialog: I‘m lost, Andy is gone, they're
dialog: going to move from their house in
dialog: two days and it’s all your fault!!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: My fault?! If you hadn’t pushed me
text: out of the window in the first
dialog: place --
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, yeah? Well, if YOU hadn’t shown up in
dialog: your stupid little cardboard spaceship and
dialog: taken away everything that was important to
dialog: me --
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Don’t talk to me about importance.
dialog: Because of YOU the security of this
text: entire universe is in jeopardy.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: WHAT?!! What are you talking
dialog: about?!
text: Buzz walk to the edge of the truck tire and points up to
dialog: the stars.
dialog: - 51 -
speaker_heading: BUZZ
text: Right now, poised at the edge of the
dialog: galaxy, Emperor Zurg has been
text: secretly building a weapon with the
dialog: destructive capacity to annihilate
dialog: an entire planet. I alone have
dialog: information that reveals this
dialog: weapon’s only weakness.
speaker_heading: BUZZ (CONT‘D)
dialog: (pointing at Woody)
dialog: And you, my friend, are responsible
dialog: for delaying my rendez-vous with
dialog: Star Command.
text: Woody explodes.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: YOU ARE A TOY!!! You aren’t the
dialog: real Buzz Lightyear, you're an
dialog: action figure!! You are a child’s
dialog: plaything!!!
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: You are a sad strange little man and
dialog: you have my pity. Farewell.
text: Buzz walks off.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, yeah? Well, good riddance, ya
dialog: looney!
text: Woody walks away in the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to himself)
text: Rendez-vous with Star Command.
scene_heading: SFX: SCREECHING TIRES FOLLOWED BY GAS STATION BELL
speaker_heading: PIZZA DELIVERER (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, Gas Dude!
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT (0.S.)
dialog: You talkin’ to me?
dialog: - 52 -
speaker_heading: PIZZA DELIVERER (0.S.}
dialog: Yeah, man, can you help me? Do you
dialog: know where Cutting Blvd. is?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT (0.S.)
dialog: Just a moment...
text: Woody looks in the direction of the bell. His face
text: lights up at the sight of...
text: A PIZZA PLANET DELIVERY TRUCK.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Pizza Planet... Andy!
text: Woody takes a step forward and then stops.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, no! I can’t show my face in
dialog: that room without Buzz.
text: Woody runs back under the tanker truck. Buzz is at the
text: far end of the truck, walking away from Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz! Buzz, come back!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: {continuing to
dialog: walk away)
dialog: Go away.
text: Woody looks back at the delivery truck in desperation
dialog: and then eyes...
scene_heading: ANGLE: DELIVERY TRUCK ROOF SIGN
text: Atop the truck is a rocket with the Pizza Planet logo.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, Buzz, you've gotta come back. I
dialog: found a spaceship!
text: Buzz stops walking away and looks back at Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: It’s a spaceship, Buzz!
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: The delivery truck’s engine has stalled and is off.
dialog: - 53 -
scene_heading: PIZZA DELIVERER {0.S.)
dialog: C’mon, man, hurry up. Um, like the
dialog: pizza’s are getting cold here.
text: Woody and Buzz eye the parked delivery truck from within
text: the safety of a nearby oilcan display.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Now you’re sure this spacefreighter
dialog: will return to its port of origin
dialog: once it jettisons its food supply?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Uh-huh. And when we get there,
dialog: we‘ll be able to find a way to
dialog: transport you... home.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Well, then let’s climb aboard.
text: Buzz makes a beeline for the passenger side door of the
text: pizza truck. Woody chases after him.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, no, no, wait, Buzz, Buzz, let’s
dialog: get in the back. No one will see us
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Negative. There are no restraining
dialog: harnesses in the cargo area. We‘ll
dialog: be much safer in the cockpit.
text: In a flash, Buzz has scaled the front tire, grabbed the
text: rear view mirror, and swung himself up and into the cab.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: Yeah, but, Buzz! Buzz!
speaker_heading: PIZZA DELIVERER (0.S.)
dialog: Ok, so that’s two lefts, and then a
dialog: right, huh?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: PIZZA DELIVERER (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, thanks for the directions.
dialog: - 54 -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: {loud whisper)
dialog: Buzz!
scene_heading: SFX: ENGINE STARTING
text: Woody runs around to the back of the truck, scrambles up
text: the bumper and throws open the back hatch to climb
dialog: inside.
text: Woody lets out a YELL, as the back hatch slams back down
text: on his rear, sending him flying into the bed of the
dialog: truck.
scene_heading: INT. PIZZA PLANET DELIVERY TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody peeks through the dividing window into the cab.
text: Buzz is hidden from THE PIZZA DRIVER’s view by a stack
text: of pizzas in their insulated covers. Buzz prudently
text: fastens his safety belt.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: It'll be safer in the cockpit than
dialog: the cargo bay. What an idiot!
text: The driver shifts into gear and hits the gas, propelling
text: Woody to the back of the truck.
text: The pizza deliverer drives like a maniac, taking sharp
text: turns and hills at high speeds. Woody is helplessly
text: thrown around the truck. With every blow, Woody YELPS
dialog: in pain.
text: The truck climbs a steep hill. Woody looks up just in
dialog: time to see...
scene_heading: A LARGE TOOL BOX
text: barreling towards him.
dialog: BAM!!!
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: A STAR-FILLED BLACK NIGHT SKY
dialog: We MOVE DOWN to reveal...
scene_heading: EXT. PIZZA PLANET - NIGHT
text: The delivery truck barrels into the parking lot and
dialog: parks.
dialog: - 55 -
scene_heading: INT. DELIVERY TRUCK - CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: After the driver leaves the truck, Buzz peeks out from
text: the passenger window.
scene_heading: ANGLE: THE FRONT ENTRANCE
text: Two imposing animatronic robots guard the doorway. As
text: CUSTOMERS approach the front, the guards part their
text: crossed “pizza spears”, allowing the patrons to enter.
speaker_heading: ROBOT GUARDS
dialog: You are clear to enter. Welcome to
dialog: Pizza Planet.
text: VARIOUS ANNOUNCEMENTS blare out from speakers:
scene_heading: MALE VOICE OVER SPEAKER
text: Next shuttle lift-off scheduled for
dialog: T-minus 30 minutes and counting...
scene_heading: FEMALE VOICE OVER SPEAKER
dialog: The white zone is for eating pizza
dialog: only. The white zone is for...
text: Excited, Buzz pries open the window between the cab and
text: truck bed.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Sheriff!
text: Woody is gone. Just the toolbox and strewn trash.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Sheriff?
text: The toolbox falls on its side revealing Woody. He peels
text: off the back of the truck and falls into a pile of
dialog: trash.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: There you are. Now the entrance is
dialog: heavily guarded. We need a way to
dialog: get inside.
text: Woody rises from the trash with a “MEGA-GULP” cup on his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Great idea, Woody! I like your
dialog: thinking!
dialog: - 56 -
scene_heading: EXT. PIZZA PLANET - FRONT ENTRANCE
text: In the f.g. sits a trashcan with fast food containers
text: littered around it. MORE CUSTOMERS approach the
text: “guarded” entrance.
speaker_heading: ROBOT GUARDS
dialog: You are clear to enter. Welcome to
dialog: Pizza Planet.
text: The front doors automatically swing open as the people
text: pass through. Suddenly two pieces of trash -- a burger
text: container and “MEGA-GULP” cup stand up.
text: BUZZ (in burger container)
dialog: NOW!
text: The two disguised toys make a dash through the closing
dialog: doors.
speaker_heading: BUZZ (in container}
dialog: Quickly, Sheriff! The airlock is
dialog: closing.
scene_heading: INT. PIZZA PLANET/FRONT ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody and Buzz just make it inside but then freeze
text: immediately as a GROUP OF KIDS run past, forcing the
text: toys to pose as discarded trash.
text: Once the coast is clear, Woody and Buzz resume walking.
text: Buzz bumps into Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (using straw as
dialog: periscope)
dialog: Ow! Watch where you're going!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (mouthing with
dialog: burger box)
dialog: Sorry.
text: They sneak in between two long rows of video games and
text: throw off their disguises. They then take a good look
dialog: at...
speaker_heading: THE ARCADE
text: The spaced-themed arena is filled with hordes of
text: children playing video games. A sea of HI-TECH SOUNDS
text: and lights overwhelm the place.
dialog: - 57 -
text: Buzz is beaming with hope.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: What a space port. Good work,
dialog: Woody.
text: Woody is busy looking at all the children in the arcade,
text: but none of the kids look familiar to him. Just then he
dialog: HEARS...
speaker_heading: ANDY (0.S.)
dialog: Mom, can I play Black Hole? Please,
dialog: Please, please?!
text: Woody turns around and through the video games he
dialog: spots...
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: standing with Mom and Molly in her stroller.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Andy!
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: What's Black Hole?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Oh, it’s so cool...
text: The family begins to walk away.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Now we need to find a ship that’s
dialog: headed for Sector 12 --
text: Buzz is about to head off in the opposite direction when
text: Woody grabs him and quickly pulls him down the video
dialog: corridor,
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Wait a minute! No Buzz! This way!
dialog: There‘s a special ship. I just saw
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: You mean it has hyperdrive?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hyper-active hyperdrive, and
dialog: astro... uh, turf.
dialog: - 58 -
text: The toys manage to get ahead of Andy. Woody peeks
text: around the corner of one of the video games and waits
dialog: for Mom and Andy to approach.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (tracking Andy
dialog: and family)
dialog: C'mon, c’mon, that’s it...
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Where is it? I don’t see the --
text: Buzz stops short at the sight of...
speaker_heading: A CRANE GAME
text: It is modeled to look like a spaceship ready to launch.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Spaceship.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Alright Buzz, get ready...
text: Buzz heads for the crane game, but Woody does not
text: notice, his eyes locked on the approaching stroller.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Okay, Buzz, when I say “go,” we’re
dialog: gonna jump in the basket --
text: Woody turns and realizes Buzz is gone. He looks across
text: the way just in time to see Buzz leap into the crane
text: game through the “PRIZE” slot.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: {loud whisper)
dialog: Buzz!!
text: Woody turns back in the direction of the stroller.
text: It has already gone past.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Dooh! No! This cannot be happening
dialog: to me!!
text: Woody runs towards the crane game, but is forced to hold
text: back for a moment as some SCREAMING children pass by.
dialog: - 59 -
scene_heading: INT. CRANE GAME
text: Buzz climbs over the partition that divides the deposit
text: slot from the prize toys and leaps into a pile of...
scene_heading: SQUEEZE TOY ALIENS
text: There are hundreds of them, all identical and way too
dialog: cute.
speaker_heading: ALIEN #1
dialog: (excited)
dialog: A stranger!
speaker_heading: ALIEN #2
dialog: From the outside!
speaker_heading: ALIENS
dialog: Q0-0-0-0-0-0...
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Greetings! I am Buzz Lightyear! I
dialog: come in peace!
speaker_heading: ALIENS
dialog: Tell us! What is it like outside?
text: The squeeze toys rush Buzz like JABBERING excited
dialog: children.
scene_heading: EXT. CRANE GAME
text: With the kids gone, Woody crosses the aisle to the crane
text: game and dives through the prize slot.
scene_heading: INT. CRANE GAME - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody clambers up the side of the deposit slot.
speaker_heading: BUZZ (0.S.)
dialog: This is an intergalactic emergency!
dialog: I need to commandeer your vessel to
dialog: Sector 12!
text: Woody peeks over the partition to witness Buzz
text: surrounded by the cute alien toys.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (continued; to
dialog: the aliens)
dialog: Who’‘s in charge here?
text: All the aliens point upward.
dialog: - 60 -
speaker_heading: ALIENS
text: The cla~a-a-a-a-a-a-a-w! !
text: Woody and Buzz look up.
scene_heading: ANGLE: CRANE GAME CLAW
text: It dangles directly above the toys.
speaker_heading: ALIEN #1
dialog: The claw is our master.
speaker_heading: ALIEN #2
dialog: The claw chooses who will go and who
dialog: will stay.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: This is ludicrous.
speaker_heading: SID (0.S.)
dialog: (laughter)
text: Woody GASPS at the recognition of Sid’s voice. He turns
text: to see Sid heading straight for the crane game .
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, no! Sid!!!
text: Woody leaps off the partition and tackles Buzz, pushing
text: the two of them deep into the pile of aliens.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Get down!!
text: Sid approaches the crane game and fishes quarters out of
text: his pants pocket.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: {loud whisper)
dialog: What’s gotten into you, Sheriff? I
dialog: was --
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: YOU are the one that decided to
dialog: climb into this --
speaker_heading: ALIEN #4
dialog: (loud whisper)
text: Sh-h-h-h-h-h. The claw. It moves.
dialog: - 61 -
speaker_heading: ANGLE: CRANE
text: It moves into position and hovers directly above the
text: area where Woody and Buzz are hiding.
text: The crane drops and grabs hold of the alien toy that is
text: right on top of Buzz.
speaker_heading: ALIEN #3
dialog: (whispering excitedly)
dialog: I have been chosen!!
text: Positioned with his back to Sid, the alien is lifted up
text: by the claw.
speaker_heading: ALIEN #3
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Farewell, my friends! I go on to a better
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Gotcha!
text: With the alien gone, Buzz's upper torso becomes exposed,
text: forcing the space ranger to freeze. Sid suddenly spots
dialog: Buzz.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: A Buzz Lightyear! No way!
text: Woody, still hidden, frantically looks around for some
text: way to escape. Behind him, through the aliens, he
dialog: eyes...
scene_heading: A SMALL REPAIR DOOR
text: Woody swims through the alien squeeze toys toward the
text: door. He grabs hold of the locking latch and, aftera
text: few attempts, is able to pry the door open.
text: The shadow of the crane lines up over Buzz, lowers, and
text: grabs his head.
speaker_heading: sID
dialog: Yes!
text: The claw begins to lift Buzz up.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (GASP) Buzz, NO!
text: Woody grabs hold of Buzz’s feet.
dialog: - 62 -
text: Woody and the claw begin to have a tug-of-war with Buzz.
text: Woody pulls down hard, forcing Buzz to sink into the
text: pile of aliens, out of Sid’s view.
speaker_heading: sID
dialog: {slamming his
dialog: fist against the
dialog: glass)
dialog: Wha -- ? Hey!!
text: Still tugging against the crane, Woody is almost out the
text: door with Buzz. Just then, the aliens at the bottom of
text: the pile pull Buzz and Woody back inside.
speaker_heading: ALIEN #4
dialog: He has been chosen.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey! What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ALIEN #5
dialog: He must go.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Stop it, you -- ! Stop it, you zealots!
speaker_heading: ALIENS
dialog: He must go! Do not fight the claw!
dialog: Do not anger the claw! He has been
dialog: chosen.
text: Woody and Buzz are pushed up to the surface and into the
text: air, dangling lifelessly in front of Sid.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Alright! Double prizes!
text: Woody and Buzz are dropped into the prize slot and
text: snatched up by Sid.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: (looking at his
dialog: two new toys)
dialog: Let’s go home and...play. Ha-ha-ha.
scene_heading: ANGLE: CLOSEUP OF SKULL ON SID’S T-SHIRT
scene_heading: MATCH DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SID’S HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT
dialog: - 63 -
text: From out of the darkness appears Sid on his skateboard.
text: He is HUMMING to rock music from his walkman while
text: carrying his backpack in his hand.
text: Sid leaps off the skateboard and walks up the front path
text: towards the front door.
text: Through the open zipper, Buzz peeks out of the backpack
text: to see Sid‘s house. He recognizes Andy’s house next
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. BACKPACK - CONTINUOUS
text: Buzz, Woody and a squeeze toy alien are scrunched up in
text: the backpack.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Sheriff! I can see your dwelling
dialog: from here! You're almost home.
speaker_heading: ALIEN
dialog: Nirvana is coming! The mystic
dialog: portal awaits!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to Alien}
dialog: Will you be quiet?!!
dialog: (to both)
dialog: You guys don’t get it, do you? Once
dialog: we go into Sid’s house, we won’t be
text: coming out.
scene_heading: ANGLE: TOYS’ POV FROM OUT BACKPACK
text: The front door opens to reveal Scud. The dog lunges
text: straight for the backpack, BARKING.
speaker_heading: sID
dialog: Whoa, Scud! Hey, boy. Sit! Good
dialog: boy!
text: The dog begrudgingly obeys.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Hey, I got somethin’ for ya, boy.
text: Sid‘s hand reaches into the backpack.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: FREEZE!!!
text: The toys go still. Sid’s hand grabs the alien out of
text: the backpack. The alien is then placed sideways along
text: Scud’s snout.
speaker_heading: sID
dialog: Ready, set, NOW.
text: In one guick motion, Scud flips the alien up, catches it
text: in his mouth, and rabidly shakes it back and forth.
text: Buzz and Woody react in horror.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Hannah! Hey, Hannah!!!
text: Woody and Buzz glance up to see HANNAH, Sid’s frail
text: little sister, carrying her Janie Doll.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: . SID
dialog: Did I get my package in the mail?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I dunno.
speaker_heading: sID
dialog: Whaddaya mean, you don’t know?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (insistent)
dialog: I don't know!
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: (mock concern)
dialog: Oh no, Hannah!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: What ?
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Look! Janie!
text: He grabs the doll.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Hey! !
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: She’s sick!
dialog: ~ 65 -
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (panic rising)
dialog: No she’s NOT --
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: I’ll have to perform one of my...
dialog: operations!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: NO-0-0... Don’t touch her! NO!
text: Sid bolts upstairs with Hannah in pursuit.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Not Sid‘’s room... not there...
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: Sid races to his bedroom door. Hannah is right behind.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Sid! Give her back!
text: Sid just LAUGHS. He charges into the room and slams the
text: door in his sister‘s face.
scene_heading: INT. SID’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: HANNAH (0.S.)
dialog: (pounding on his
dialog: door)
dialog: Sid! Sidi...
text: Sid carelessly tosses the backpack on the bed and walks
text: over to a makeshift workbench.
speaker_heading: SID (as DOCTOR)
dialog: Oh, no. We have a sick patient
dialog: here, nurse. Prepare the O.R.,
dialog: STAT!
text: Sid CLICKS on a bare bulb dangling above his “operating
dialog: table.”
text: Woody and Buzz look on from the safety of the backpack
text: as Sid places the Janie doll’s head in a vise.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (0.S.)
dialog: Sid, give her back! Give her back
dialog: now! I'm telling!
speaker_heading: SID (as DOCTOR)
dialog: Patient is...
dialog: {straining while
dialog: tightening vise)
dialog: . pre-e-epped.
text: Sid grabs a painter’s mask from his toolchest and dons
text: it like a surgeon’s mask.
speaker_heading: SID (as DOCTOR)
dialog: No one’s ever attempted a double
dialog: bypass brain transplant before.
text: Sid grabs a toy pterodactyl from a nearby crate full of
dialog: junk.
speaker_heading: SID (as DOCTOR)
dialog: Now for the tricky part -- pliers!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (whispering to
dialog: Woody)
dialog: I don’t believe that man’s ever been
dialog: to medical school.
text: Sid struggles for a moment with his “patient” then
dialog: stops.
speaker_heading: SID (as NURSE)
dialog: Dector, you've done it!
dialog: {running to the
dialog: door)
dialog: Hannah?
text: He opens the door. Hannah is standing there, looking
dialog: worried.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Janie’s all better now.
text: He hands her Janie -- her head has been replaced with a
text: pterodactyl‘s. Hannah SCREAMS at the sight of the
text: monstrosity and bolts down the hallway.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: MOM!! MOM!!
speaker_heading: sID
dialog: She’s lying! Whatever she says it’s
dialog: not true!
dialog: 67 -
text: Sid throws the doll to the ground and runs after Hannah,
text: slamming the door behind him.
text: Woody and Buzz peer out of the backpack at their new
text: surroundings. Heavy metal posters, discarded toy
text: remains and power tools adorn the messy room.
dialog: They are in Hell...toy Hell.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: We are gonna die.
dialog: (bolting out of
dialog: the pack)
dialog: I'm outta here!
text: Woody leaps from the bed to the doorknob and struggles
text: to open it. No good. Woody drops to the floor.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Locked! There’s gotta be another
dialog: way out of here.
scene_heading: SFX: ROLLING SOUND
text: Woody is startled by the noise.
text: A small yo-yo rolls out from behind a box and falls on
dialog: its side.
text: Spooked, Woody grabs a pencil from the floor and
text: brandishes it like a weapon.
text: Just then a shadow passes by Woody. He turns quickly
text: but sees nothing.
speaker_heading: WwoOoDY
dialog: Uh...Buzz? Was that you?
text: Woody hurriedly trades his pencil for a larger
dialog: flashlight.
text: He hears A NOISE from under Sid’s’ bed. Woody turns on
text: the flashlight and shines the beam in the direction of
text: the noise, illuminating...
text: A BABY DOLL HEAD’S PROFILE
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey! Hi, there, little fellah!
dialog: Come out here. Do you know a way
dialog: out of here?
dialog: - 68 -
text: The baby doll moves out from under the bed, revealing a
text: one-eyed doll head atop a spider-like body made of
text: erector set pieces.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (GASP!!)
text: The creature extends its legs and rises up taller than
text: Woody. Scared speechless, Woody keeps his flashlight
text: beam locked on BABYFACE.
text: Various other MUTANT TOYS begin to emerge from the
text: shadows: a toy fishing pole with fashion doll legs, a
text: skateboard with a combat soldier's torso screwed to the
text: front end, a jack-in-the-box with a rubber hand for a
dialog: head, (and others) -
text: Woody leaps onto the bed and hides behind Buzz.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: B-B-B-Buzz!
text: Buzz and Woody look on as the mutants have a tug of war
text: as they grab all the Janie and pterodactyl parts,
text: dragging them off into the shadows.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: They're cannibals!
text: Woody retreats back into the backpack.
scene_heading: INT. BACKPACK - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody cowers in the corner as Buzz enters. He punches a
text: button on his chest.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: May day! May day! Come in, Star
dialog: Command! Send reinforcements!...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Star Command, do you copy?
dialog: No response.
text: Buzz adjusts his laser light. It emits a short BLIP.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
text: (aiming his arm
dialog: out the pack)
text: I've set my laser from stun to kill.
speaker_heading: WwooDY
dialog: Oh, great, great. Yeah, and if
dialog: anyone attacks us we can blink ‘em
dialog: to death.
scene_heading: EXT. ANDY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Rex points a flashlight out of Andy’s bedroom window
text: while Bo Peep, Slinky, Hamm and Potato Head look on.
text: Some bushes rustle below.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Hey, you guys! I think I’ve found
dialog: him. Buzz! Is that you?!
text: Rex points the flashlight beam at the shaking bushes.
text: The annoyed MEOW of a cat is heard.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Whiskers! Will you get out of
dialog: here?! You’re interfering with the
dialog: search and rescue.
scene_heading: SFX: APPROACHING CAR
text: Rex turns off the flashlight.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Look! They’re home!
text: The toys duck behind the sill.
text: The Davis’ family van pulls into the driveway. Andy and
text: Mrs. Davis get out.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Mom, have you seen Woody?
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Where was the last place you left
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (searching the van)
text: Right here in the van.
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Oh, I’m sure he's there. You're
text: just not looking hard enough.
dialog: - 70 -
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: He’s not here, Mom. Woody’s gone.
text: The toys all look at one another.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: (GASP) Woody’s gone?!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Well waddah-ya-know, the weasel ran
dialog: away.
text: Hamm, Potato Head and Rex walk away from the window.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Huh?! Huh?! I told you he was
dialog: guilty.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Who would’ve thought he was capable
dialog: of such atrocities?!
text: Bo Peep and Slinky are left alone at the window, visibly
text: crestfallen.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Oh, Slink, I hope he’s okay.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SID’S BEDROOM WINDOW - DAY
speaker_heading: SID (0.S.; as INTERROGATOR)
dialog: Oh, a survivor. Where is the rebel
dialog: base? Talk!
speaker_heading: SFX: HAND SLAP
scene_heading: INT. SID’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: An inanimate Woody flies across the room, landing hard
text: on the floor.
text: Sid crosses to the window.
speaker_heading: SID (as INTERROGATOR)
dialog: I can see your will is strong.
text: Sid opens the window shade. Bright sunlight shines down
text: onto Woody.
dialog: -71-
speaker_heading: sID
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Well, we have ways of making you
dialog: talk.
text: Sid pulls out a magnifying glass from his back pocket
text: and focuses the beam on Woody's forehead.
speaker_heading: SID (as INTERROGATOR)
dialog: Where are your rebel friends now?
dialog: Heh, heh.
text: A bright white hot dot forms on Woody’s forehead and
text: begins to smolder.
speaker_heading: SID’S MOM (0.S.)
dialog: Sid!! Your pop-tarts are ready!
text: Sid pulls the magnifying glass away.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Alright!!
text: Sid runs out of the room. As soon as he’s gone, Woody
text: jumps up SCREAMING, his forehead burning.
text: He runs to a bowl of half-eaten cereal (with milk) on
text: the floor, and dunks his head in.
text: Buzz runs over to Woody, pausing to remove two suction
text: cup darts from his person before pulling Woody out of
text: the bowl. Two colorful Froot-Loops stick to each of
text: Woody’s eyes like glasses.
dialog: Buzz
dialog: Are you alright?
dialog: (whacking him on
dialog: the back}
dialog: I'm proud of you, Sheriff. A lesser
dialog: man would have talked under such
dialog: torture.
text: Woody looks at his reflection in the back of the cereal
text: spoon and rubs the burn mark on his forehead.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I sure hope this isn’t permanent.
dialog: - 72 -
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: {checking his
dialog: wrist communicator)
text: Still no word from Star Command.
dialog: We‘re not that far from the
dialog: spaceport --
text: Woody’s eyes light up.
speaker_heading: ANGLE: SPOON
text: Sid's bedroom door can be seen in the reflection. It‘s
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: The door! It’s open! We're free!!
text: Woody runs for the door. Buzz follows.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Woody, we don’t know what’s out
dialog: there!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I‘ll tell you what’s -- AAAAH!
scene_heading: THE MUTANT TOYS
text: suddenly appear and block their path to the doorway.
text: Woody hides behind Buzz.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: They're gonna eat us, Buzz!! Do
dialog: something! Quick!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Shield your eyes!
text: Buzz fires his laser at them. The little red beam just
text: flickers against Babyface’s head. The mutant toys look
text: confusedly at each other.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: It’s not working. I recharged it
dialog: before I left. It should be good
dialog: for hours --
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, you idiot! You’re a toy! Use
dialog: your karate chop action!
dialog: - 73 -
text: Grabbing Buzz like a hostage, Woody fends off the mutant
text: toys by pushing a large button on Buzz’s back, making
text: Buzz's arm involuntarily “chop” up and down.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: {to mutants)
dialog: Get away! Hoo-cha! Hoo-cha!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Hey!! Hey! How are you doing that?
dialog: Stop that!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Back! Back, you savages! Back!
text: Woody circles around the mutant toys to the open
text: doorway, continually chopping Buzz’s arm.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Woody, stop it!!
speaker_heading: WOODY :
dialog: Sorry guys, but dinner’s canceled!
text: Woody drops Buzz and runs out the door.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody races down the corridor...
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: {to himself)
dialog: There’s no place like home. There's
dialog: no place like home. There’s no
dialog: place like home...
text: turns onto the top of the stairwell, down a few
text: steps, and is confronted by...
speaker_heading: ScUD
text: asleep on the landing.
text: Woody freezes inches away from the sleeping beast. He
text: slowly backs up the stairs.
text: Suddenly Buzz appears and pulls Woody back against the
text: hallway wall. He covers Woody's mouth with his hand.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (muffled gasp)
dialog: - 74 -
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Another stunt like that, cowboy --~
dialog: you’re going to get us killed.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (pulling Buzz’s
dialog: hand away)
dialog: Don't tell me what to do!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Shhh!
text: Buzz checks to make sure Scud is still asleep and then
text: darts across the stairwell opening to the other end of
text: the hallway. Once safely across, he motions for Woody
dialog: to follow.
text: Woody cowardly crawls on all fours across the epen area
text: and meets up with Buzz.
text: As he stands...
scene_heading: WOODY‘S PULLSTRING RING
text: gets caught on one of the curls of the wrought iron
dialog: railing.
text: The toys begin to creep down the hallway, unaware that
text: Woody’s pullstring is being pulled farther and farther
dialog: until --
text: It SNAPS off the iron railing and flies back towards
dialog: Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
text: YEEEEEEE-HAAAAAAA ! !
text: Both Buzz and Woody leap in surprise at the sound of
text: Woody’s voice box.
scene_heading: ANGLE: SCUD'S EYE.
text: It opens.
text: Woody vainly attempts to stifle the recoiling
text: pullstring.
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Gidy-up partner!...
text: GROWLING, Scud starts up the stairs.
dialog: 75 -
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
dialog: (continued)
dialog: ... We got to get this wagon train a
dialog: movin‘!
text: Woody and Buzz take off running.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Split up!
text: Two doors are ajar at the other end of the hallway.
text: Buzz dives behind one while Woody jumps into...
text: A CLOSET.
text: Woody slams the door shut just as Scud reaches the top
text: of the landing. CRASHES can heard from behind the
text: closet door, getting Scud’s attention.
text: Buzz peeks out from his doorway at Scud SNIFFING AND
text: GROWLING at the closet.
text: Sensing movement behind him, Scud whips around and
text: starts to enter Buzz’s doorway.
speaker_heading: SFX: SNORING
text: The noise stops the dog in his tracks. Both Scud and
text: Buzz look up to see...
scene_heading: INT. SID’S DAD’S DEN - CONTINUOUS
text: MR. PHILLIPS is asleep on a La-Z-Boy recliner in front
dialog: of the T.V.
text: Scud backs out and heads down the stairs.
text: Buzz turns to exit the room when he hears...
scene_heading: SPACE COMMANDER (0.S.; on TV)
dialog: Calling Buzz Lightyear!! Come in
dialog: Buzz Lightyear!! This is Star
dialog: Command. Buzz Lightyear! Do you
dialog: read me?!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Star Command!
text: Buzz opens up his wrist communicator and is just about
text: to speak into it when he is interrupted.
dialog: -~ 76 -
speaker_heading: KID #1 (0.8.)
dialog: Buzz Lightyear responding! Read you
dialog: loud and clear!
text: Buzz turns around to see...
scene_heading: A TELEVISION SET
text: Buzz’s space ranger logo is on the screen over a field
text: of stars. The image quickly changes to two young boys
text: playing in their backyard with a Buzz Lightyear doll.
speaker_heading: SPACE COMMANDER
dialog: Buzz Lightyear, Planet Earth needs
dialog: your help!
speaker_heading: KID #1
dialog: (into toy wrist
dialog: communicator)
dialog: On the way!!
speaker_heading: MALE CHORUS (V.0.}
text: BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!!!
text: Buzz reacts with confusion at what he is watching.
text: He walks slowly towards the television set.
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: The world’s greatest superhero! Now
dialog: the world’s greatest TOY!
scene_heading: ANGLE: TV COMMERCIAL
text: The Buzz Lightyear doll is now out of the box and being
text: displayed.
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: Buzz has it all! Locking wrist
dialog: communicator!
speaker_heading: KID #1
dialog: Calling Buzz Lightyear.
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: Karate chop action!
speaker_heading: KID #2
dialog: Wow!
text: With every feature demonstrated on the TV, Buzz compares
text: the same feature on himself.
dialog: -77 -
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: Pulsating laserlight!
speaker_heading: KID #2
dialog: Total annihilation!
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: Multi-phrase voice simulator!
speaker_heading: TV BUZZ (SAMPLED VOICE}
text: It’s a secret mission in uncharted
dialog: Space!
text: Buzz presses the same button on his uniform.
speaker_heading: BUZZ (SAMPLED VOICE)
text: It’s a secret mission in uncharted
dialog: space,
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: And best of all...
dialog: (big “monster
dialog: truck” voice}
scene_heading: HIGH-PRESSURE-SPACE-WINGS! !
speaker_heading: TV BUZZ
dialog: To Infinity and Beyond!
text: On the TV screen, the Buzz Lightyear action figure
text: appears to be launched through the air. The words: NOT
text: A FLYING TOY flash across the bottom of the screen.
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: (non-excited
dialog: lawyer voice)
text: Not a flying toy.
text: Buzz slowly shakes his head in wide-eyed disbelief.
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER (V.0O.)
dialog: Get your Buzz Lightyear action
dialog: figure and save a galaxy near you!
speaker_heading: MALE CHORUS (V.0O.)
text: BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!!!
text: The image on the screen changes to a shot of hundreds of
text: Buzzes in their boxes lining either side of a store
dialog: aisle.
speaker_heading: LOCAL ANNOUNCER (V.0O.)
dialog: Available at all Al’s Toy Barn
text: outlets in the tri-county area.
text: Buzz is stricken. He looks down at his wrist
text: communicator and opens it.
scene_heading: ANGLE: WRIST COMMUNICATOR
text: Molded on the underside of the cover are three words:
text: “MADE IN TAIWAN’.
text: SONG: “I WILL GO SAILING NO MORE” BEGINS
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Buzz walks dejectedly out of the den and down the
dialog: hallway.
text: As he passes the top of the stairwell he pauses to look
text: up through the railing at...
text: A SMALL WINDOW
text: It is open, revealing the blue sky beyond. A
text: bird flies past.
text: The taunting voice of Woody echoes in his head.
speaker_heading: WOODY (V.0.)
dialog: You are a toy! You can’t fly!
text: Buzz bows his head, defeated.
speaker_heading: BEAT
text: Slowly Buzz raises his head, determination in his eyes.
text: He slams the offending wrist communicator shut, as if to
dialog: deny its message of “Made in Taiwan”.
text: Buzz climbs up the railing to the banister. He pops
text: open his wings, and aims himself towards the window
dialog: above.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: To Infinity and Beyond!
text: Buzz leaps off the banister...
dialog: and falls.
text: In SLOW MOTION Buzz watches his square of blue sky pull
text: farther away from him as he plummets to the floor below.
dialog: 79 -
scene_heading: INT. SID’'S HOUSE/ENTRYWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Buzz CRASHES on the entryway floor.
text: Buzz opens his eyes to see...
scene_heading: HIS SEVERED LEFT ARM
text: The broken arm lies a few inches away from his now empty
text: arm socket.
text: Buzz drops his head back in defeat.
speaker_heading: SONG ENDS
speaker_heading: HANNAH (0.S.)
dialog: M-o-o-om? Mom, have you seen my
dialog: Sally doll?
text: Hannah walks into the entryway, and not seeing Buzz,
text: steps on him.
speaker_heading: MOM (0.S.)
dialog: What, dear? What was that?
text: Hannah picks up Buzz (and his arm) and smiles.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Nevermind.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - LATER
speaker_heading: ANGLE: CLOSET
text: The knob jiggles for a moment. Suddenly, the door flies
text: open revealing Woody, entangled in Christmas lights,
text: standing atop a pile of boxes to be at doorknob height.
text: Woody and the rest of the junk topple over.
text: A bowling ball topples out, smashing Woody square on the
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oo-o0-of!
dialog: (to the hallway)
dialog: Buzz?! The coast is clear. Buzz?
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: BUZZ (0.S.; SAMPLED VOICE)
text: It‘s a secret mission in uncharted
dialog: space! Let’s go!!
text: Woody creeps down the hallway, dragging the Christmas
text: lights with him.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (0.S.)
dialog: Really? That is so-o-o interesting.
text: Woody peeks into the open doorway of...
scene_heading: INT. HANNAH’S BEDROOM/UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Hannah is pretending to have a tea party. Her guests
text: are dolls, headless dolls, that is except for...
speaker_heading: BUZZ
text: He is seated at the miniature table, dressed up in a
text: frilly apron and fashionable party hat.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Would you like some tea, Mrs.
dialog: Nesbit?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: {under his
dialog: breath)
dialog: Buzz!
text: Hannah has placed a tiny teapot in Buzz's severed arm
text: and pours imaginary tea with it.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: It's so nice you could join us on
dialog: such late notice.
text: Woody steps back into the hallway.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, no!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: What a lovely hat, Mrs. Nesbit. It
dialog: goes quite well with your head.
text: Woody thinks for a moment, then takes a few steps
text: further down the hall. He CLEARS HIS THROAT.
dialog: - Bl -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (high voice)
dialog: Hannah! Oh, Hannah!
text: Hannah stops pouring tea and looks up.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (yelling out her
dialog: room)
dialog: Mom?
dialog: (to the dolis)
dialog: Please excuse me, ladies. I‘11 be
dialog: right back.
text: As soon as Hannah exits the room Buzz keels over face-
text: down onto the table.
text: Hannah passes Woody, hidden in the Christmas lights, and
text: walks downstairs.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: What is it, Mom? Mom, where are
dialog: you?
text: Woody bolts into Hannah’s room.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz! Hey, Buzz! Are you okay?
text: Buzz lifts his head up and wails in drunken despair.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Gone! It’s all go-o-one! All of
dialog: it’s gone. Bye-bye! Whoo-hoo! See
dialog: yal
text: Woody picks up Buzz’s severed arm.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: One minute you’re defending the
dialog: whole galaxy...
dialog: (pointing at
dialog: other dolls)
dialog: . and suddenly you find yourself
text: suckin’ down Darjeeling with Marie
text: Antoinette and her little sisters.
text: The headless dolls turn and wave.
dialog: - er -
text: Woody removes the teapot from the severed arm and sets
text: it on the table.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I think you’ve had enough tea for
dialog: today.
dialog: (helping Buzz
dialog: up)
dialog: Let’s get you out of here, Buzz.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (grabbing Woody)
dialog: Don’t you get it?! You see the hat?
dialog: I am Mrs. Nesbit!!
dialog: (hysterical
dialog: laughter)
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Snap out of it, Buzz!
text: Woody presses Buzz's helmet open, slaps him across the
text: face with his own detached arm, and then politely closes
text: the helmet.
text: Buzz sobers up and calmly takes his severed arm from
text: Woody. Buzz walks out of the room while Woody follows.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (sober)
dialog: I'm sorry. You‘re right.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (continued)
dialog: ...I’m just a little depressed,
dialog: that’s all. I can get through this.
text: Buzz reaches the center of the hallway and drops to his
dialog: knees.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Oh, I’m a sham!!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: Sh-h-h-h-hk!! Quiet, Buzz.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Look at me! TI can’t even fly out of
dialog: a window!
dialog: - 83 -
text: Woody stops short. He looks down the hallway in the
text: direction of Sid's room.
scene_heading: ANGLE: SID’S BEDROOM WINDOW
text: Woody can see straight out Sid's window across the way
text: to Andy's bedroom window.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: {continued)
dialog: But -- the hat looked good. Tell me
dialog: the hat looked good! The apron is a
dialog: bit much, it’s not my color...
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Out the window... Buzz, you’re a
dialog: genius!
text: Woody grabs the coil of Christmas lights and drags Buzz
text: towards Sid's room.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Come on, this way!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Years of Academy training...
dialog: wasted!!
scene_heading: EXT. ANDY’S HOUSE/ANDY’S BEDROOM WINDOW
text: Mr. Potato Head and Hamm are playing Battleship. Hamm’s
text: wearing Potato Head@‘s hat.
speaker_heading: MR POTATO HEAD
dialog: B-3.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Miss. G-6.
speaker_heading: MR POTATO HEAD
dialog: Ohhh! You sunk it!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Heh-heh.
speaker_heading: MR POTATO HEAD
dialog: Are you peeking?
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Oh, quit your whining and pay up.
text: Potato Head reaches for his ear.
dialog: 84 -
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: No, no, not the ear. Gimme the
dialog: nose. C’mon!
scene_heading: . MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: {pulling out his
dialog: nose; nasally)
dialog: How ‘bout three out of five?
text: He is about to hand his nose over to Hamm when...
speaker_heading: WOODY (0.S.)
dialog: Hey guys! Guys! Hey!
text: Both toys look across the way.
scene_heading: EXT. SID’S WINDOW/ANDY’S WINDOW - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody has just finished lifting Sid’s window and waves
text: to the toys.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Son of a building block, it’s Woody!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: He's in the psycho’s bedroom!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hi!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: (into Andy’s
dialog: bedroom)
dialog: Everyone, it’s Woody!
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Slinky, Bo Peep and Rex look to the window.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Woody?!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: You're kidding?
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Woody? !
scene_heading: INT. SID’'S BEDROOM
dialog: 85 -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: We‘re gonna get outta here, Buzz --
dialog: Buzz?
text: Buzz is not there. Woody looks down at the floor.
text: Buzz is sitting on the floor, playing “bombs away” with
text: his broken arm.
scene_heading: EXT. ANDY’S WINDOW/SID‘S WINDOW
text: The rest of Andy’s toys gather around the window to see
dialog: Woody.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Hey, look!
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Woody !
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Boy, am I glad to see you guys!
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: I knew you’d come back, Woody!
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: What are doing over there?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: It’s a long story, Bo. I’11 explain
dialog: later. Here, catch this!
text: Woody tosses one end of the Christmas lights over.
text: Slinky catches them.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: I got it, Woody!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (overly excited)
dialog: He got it, Woody!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Good going, Slink! Now, just, just
dialog: tie it on to something!
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Wait! Wait! I got a better idea!
dialog: How about we DON’T?!
text: Potato Head grabs the string of lights away from Slinky.
dialog: - BF -
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Hey?!!
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Potato Head!?
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Did you all take stupid pills this
dialog: morning?! Have you forgotten what
dialog: he did to Buzz? And now you want to
dialog: let him back over here?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, no, no! You got it all wrong,
dialog: Potato Head. Buzz is fine! Buzz is
dialog: right here. He’s with me!
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: You are a liar!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No I’m not!
dialog: (to Buzz)
dialog: Buzz, come over here and you just
dialog: tell the nice toys that you’re not
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: ANGLE: BUZZ
text: He doesn’t respond, preoccupied with peeling off the
text: sticker on his wrist communicator. He crumples it up
text: and tosses it aside.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to Andy’s toys)
dialog: Just a sec.
scene_heading: INT. SID’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Frantic, Woody walks over to the edge of the desk.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz! Will you get up here and give
dialog: me a hand?!
text: Buzz’s severed arm comes flying into view and lands by
text: Woody's feet.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: {insincerely)
dialog: Ha ha. That’s very funny, Buzz.
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: This is serious!!
dialog: - 87 -
speaker_heading: REX (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, Woody!? Where’d ya’ go?
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD (0.S.)
dialog: He’s lyin’. Buzz ain‘t there.
scene_heading: EXT. SID’S WINDOW/ANDY’S WINDOW
text: Woody reappears at the edge of Sid’s window. He
text: pretends to notice something out of the other toy’s
dialog: view.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (forced casualness)
dialog: Oh, hi Buzz! Why don’t you say
dialog: “hello” to the guys over there?
scene_heading: BUZZ‘S SEVERED ARM
text: suddenly appears with Woody holding the end just out of
text: sight. Woody throws his voice, pretending to be Buzz.
speaker_heading: WOODY (as BUZZ)
dialog: Hi ya, fellas. To infinity and
dialog: beyond!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Hey look! It’s Buzz!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (shaking the
dialog: arm’s hand)
dialog: Yeah, hey Buzz. Let’s show the guys
dialog: our new secret best-friends hand
dialog: shake. Gimme five, man!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Something’s screwy here.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: So, you see? We're friends now,
dialog: guys. Aren’t we, Buzz?
speaker_heading: (as BUZZ)
dialog: You bet. Gimme a hug.
text: Woody makes Buzz’s arm grab his neck and pull him
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (continued; as
dialog: himself)
dialog: Ha, ha, oh, I love you, too.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: See? It is Buzz. Now give back the
text: lights, Potato Head.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Wait just a minute. What are you
dialog: trying to pull?!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Nothing.
text: Woody innocently shrugs and throws both his hands up...
text: exposing the severed arm.
text: The toys all SCREAM in horror. Rex clasps his hands to
text: his mouth and turns away to BARF.
text: Realizing his mistake, Woody tries to hide the arm, but
dialog: it’s too late.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Oh, that is disgusting.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Murderer!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No! No, no, no, no!
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: You murdering dog!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, it’s not what you think, I
dialog: swear!
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Save it for the jury. I hope Sid
dialog: pulls your voice-box out, ya creep!
text: Potato Head drops the lights.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No! No! Don’t leave! Don’t leave!
dialog: You’ve gotta help us, please! You
dialog: don’t know what it's like over here!
dialog: 89 -
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: (to the other toys)
dialog: Come on. Let's get out of here.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Go back to your lives, citizens.
dialog: Show's over.
text: All the toys leave the window except Slinky.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Come back! Slink’! Slink’, please!
dialog: Please! Listen to me!
text: Unable to look Woody in the eye, Slinky closes the
text: blinds.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (continued)
dialog: No! No! Come back! SLI-I-I-
dialog: INKYYY! !
speaker_heading: SFX: THUNDER
text: As storm clouds roll over Sid‘s house, Woody slumps over
text: the window sill in defeat.
scene_heading: INT. SID’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: BROKEN TOY SOUNDS emit from behind Woody. He turns from
dialog: the window to see...
scene_heading: THE MUTANT TOYS
text: converging all around Buzz.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: BUzz!!
text: Still holding onto Buzz’s arm, Woody jumps down from the
text: desk and runs to Buzz‘s rescue.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Go away, you disgusting freaks!
text: Babyface turns from the fray and charges at Woody with
text: his erector-set pinchers.
text: Woody cowers, shielding himself with Buzz’s arm.
dialog: - 9C -
text: Babyface clamps onto the arm and has a tug-o-war with
dialog: Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Alright back! Back, you cannibals!
text: Woody loses his grip on the arm and sails across the
text: room, crashing into the wall.
text: By now there is no sight of Buzz within the swarming
text: mass of mutant toys.
text: Woody attacks the mob with a vengeance.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: He is still alive, and you're not
dialog: gonna get him, you monsters!
text: He furiously throws the mutant toys aside, digging his
dialog: way to...
speaker_heading: BUZZ
text: He is sitting up, his broken arm now newly-attached.
text: Woody's anger turns to confusion.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey?! Hey, they fixed you!
text: Woody shakes Buzz‘s arm to confirm what he’s seeing is
text: real then looks to the mutants.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (continued)
dialog: But -- but they’re cannibals. We
dialog: saw them eat those other toys.
text: The mutant toys part to reveal the recent victims of
text: Sid's last “operation”: The Janie Doll and Pterodactyl.
text: Their heads have been taped back on the correct bodies.
text: The mutants all innocently stare at Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Uh... sorry. I... I thought that
dialog: you were gonna...
dialog: (laughs nervously)
dialog: you know, eat my friend.
text: Immediately, the mutant toys retreat back into the dark
text: corners of the room.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey! No, no, wait! Hey! What’s
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: SID'S MOM (0.S.)
dialog: Sid!
speaker_heading: SID (0.S.)
dialog: Not now, Mom, I‘m BUSY!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Sid!it!
text: FOOTSTEPS approach the bedroom. Woody tries to pick up
text: the still depressed Buzz, but he just goes limp.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz! C’mon, get up! Buzz
dialog: you're... (GRUNT)... get up...
text: Woody begins dragging Buzz towards the bed, but their
text: progress is too slow. He shakes Buzz hard.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Fine. Let Sid trash you. But don‘t
dialog: blame me.
text: Woody leaves Buzz sitting alone in the middle of the
text: floor and hides underneath a nearby milkcrate just as...
text: Sid enters carrying a big box.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: It came! It finally came!
text: Sid runs over to his workbench and rips open the box.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: (reverently)
dialog: The big one.
text: He pulls out a rocket with “THE BIG ONE” written on it.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: (reading the
dialog: rocket label)
dialog: “Extremely dangerous. Keep out of
dialog: reach of children.” COOL...
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: What am I gonna blow? Man... hey,
dialog: where‘s that wimpy cowboy doll?
dialog: ~- 92 -
text: Sid spots the milkcrate and picks it up.
dialog: No Woody.
scene_heading: ANGLE: UNDERSIDE OF MILKCRATE
text: Out of Sid's view, Woody presses against the inside,
dialog: hanging on for dear life.
speaker_heading: SFX: BUZZ'S LASER
text: Sid looks down and notices he’s stepping on Buzz,
text: activating his laser.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Yes! I’ve always wanted to put a
text: spaceman into orbit. Ha-ha.
text: He places Buzz and the milkcrate on the workbench. and
text: throws a toolbox on top of the crate.
text: The impact of the toolbox dislodges Woody from his
text: hiding place. Woody quickly ducks under a magazine on
text: the floor of the crate “jail”.
text: Woody watches helplessly as Sid fishes out a roll of
text: electrical tape from the toolbox and, with an IRREVERENT
dialog: CHUCKLE, tapes Buzz to the rocket
speaker_heading: SFX: THUNDERCLAP
text: A flash of lightening interrupts the moment.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Oh, no...
text: Sid crosses to the window to see a huge rainstorm
text: commence. Sullenly, he smacks his head against the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Aw, man... !
text: Woody heaves a SIGH of relief.
text: Suddenly Sid’s face brightens. He turns his focus from
text: the rain to the Buzzrocket.
speaker_heading: SID (as NEWSCASTER)
dialog: Sid Phillips reporting. Launch of
dialog: the shuttle has been delayed due to
dialog: adverse weather conditions at the
dialog: launch site. Tomorrow’s forecast...
dialog: 93 -
text: Sid smacks Buzz down on the desk, winds his alarm clock,
text: and places it next to Buzz.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Sunny. Ha-ha-ha. Sweet dreams.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S ROOM - THAT NIGHT.
text: Andy is being tucked into bed by his mother. She hands
text: him his cowboy hat.
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: I looked everywhere, honey, but all
dialog: I could find was your hat.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (groggy)
dialog: But what if we leave them behind?
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Oh, don’t worry honey, I’m sure
dialog: we'll find Woody and Buzz before we
dialog: leave tomorrow.
text: Andy’s eyes shut. Mom turns out the light and quietly
text: exits the room.
text: A moving box on the floor, with the words “Andy’s Toys!”
text: scrawled on it, begins to shake from side to side.
speaker_heading: REX (0.S.
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Aaaah! I need air!
text: Rex pops out of the top of the box, COUGHING a packing
text: styrofoam peanut out of his mouth. Potato Head appears
text: beside him. .
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (relieved)
speaker_heading: Aa-a-a-a-ah! (COUGH)
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Will you quit moving around?!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: I’m sorry. It’s just that I get so
dialog: nervous before I travel.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: How did I get stuck with YOU as a
dialog: moving buddy? .
dialog: - 94 -
text: Potato Head drops back down into the box.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (following
dialog: Potato Head)
dialog: Everyone else was picked.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
text: peeks around the corner of one of the boxes and looks up
text: at Andy fast asleep clutching his cowboy hat.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Oh, Woody, if only you could see how
dialog: much Andy misses you.
scene_heading: EXT. SID'S HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: THUNDER RUMBLES as rain. pours down outside the spooky
dialog: dwelling.
scene_heading: INT. SID'S ROOM
text: Sid is in bed fast asleep.
text: Woody struggles to move his milkcrate jail, but with the
text: weight of the toolbox on top it won’t budge.
text: Woody looks across the desktop at Buzz sitting
text: dejectedly with the rocket strapped to his back.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Ps-s-s-s-t! Psst! Hey, Buzz!
dialog: No reaction from Buzz.
text: Woody picks up a stray washer from the desktop and
text: flings it at Buzz, striking his helmet.
text: Buzz lifts his head and turns lifelessly to look at
dialog: Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey! Get over here and see if you
dialog: can get this tool box off me.
text: Buzz just looks away from Woody and bows his head.
dialog: 95 -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, come on, Buzz. I... Buzz, I
dialog: can’t do this without you. I need
dialog: your help.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I can‘t help. I can‘t help anyone.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Why, sure you can, Buzz. You can
dialog: get me out of here and then I'll get
dialog: that rocket off you, and we’1l make
text: a break for Andy’s house.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Andy’s house. Sid‘s house. What's
dialog: the difference.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, Buzz, you’ve had a big fall.
dialog: You must not be thinking clearly.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: No, Woody, for the first time I am
text: thinking clearly.
dialog: {looking at
dialog: himself)
dialog: You were right all along. I’m not a
dialog: Space Ranger. I’m just a toy. A
dialog: stupid little insignificant toy.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Whoa, hey -- wait a minute. Being a
dialog: toy is a lot better than being a
dialog: Space Ranger.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Yeah, right.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, it is. Look, over in that house
dialog: is a kid who thinks you are the
dialog: greatest, and it’s not because
dialog: you're a Space Ranger, pal, it’s
dialog: because you’re a TOY! You are HIS
dialog: toy.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: But why would Andy want me?
dialog: - 96 -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Why would Andy want you?! Look at
dialog: you! You‘re a Buzz Lightyear. Any
dialog: other toy would give up his moving
dialog: parts just to be you. You've got
dialog: wings, you glow in the dark, you
dialog: talk, your helmet does that -- that
dialog: whoosh thing -- you are a COOL toy.
text: Woody pauses and looks at himself.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (continued;
dialog: depressed)
dialog: As a matter of fact you're too cool.
dialog: I mean -- I mean what chance does a
dialog: toy like me have against a Buzz
dialog: Lightyear action figure? All I can
dialog: do is...
text: Woody pulls his own pull-string.
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
dialog: There’s a snake in my boots!
text: Woody bows his head.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Why would Andy ever want to play
dialog: with me, when he’s got you?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I’m the one that should be strapped
dialog: to that rocket.
text: Woody slumps dejectedly against the crate, his back to
dialog: Buzz.
text: Buzz lifts up his foot.
scene_heading: ANGLE: THE SOLE OF BUZZ‘'S FOOT
text: The signature “ANDY” reads through the dirt and scuff
dialog: marks.
text: Buzz gazes back at Woody. A look of determination
text: spreads across his face
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Listen Buzz, forget about me. You
dialog: should get out of here while you
dialog: can.
dialog: 97 -
dialog: Silence.
text: Woody turns around.
text: Buzz is gone.
text: Suddenly, the entire milkcrate begins to shake. Woody
text: looks up to see...
speaker_heading: BUZZ
text: He is on top of the milkcrate, trying to push the tool
text: box off.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz!! What are you doing? I
dialog: thought you were --
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Come on, Sheriff. There’s a kid
dialog: ever in that house who needs us.
dialog: Now let’s get you out of this thing.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Yes Sir!
text: Both Buzz and Woody push the milkcrate and together,
text: they finally get it to move but it’s slow progress.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (strained)
dialog: Come on, Buzz! We can do it!
speaker_heading: SFX: TRUCK
text: The two toys stop to look out the window by the
dialog: workbench.
scene_heading: ANGLE: OUT SID’S BEDROOM WINDOW
text: With the rain stopped and the sun beginning to rise...
scene_heading: A MOVING TRUCK
text: can be seen pulling up in front of Andy’s house.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
text: Woody! It’s the moving van.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: We've got to get out of here... NOW.
text: Buzz braces himself between the tool chest and the wall.
dialog: - 9g -
text: Using his legs, Buzz pushes with all his might. The
text: toolbox begins to move.
text: Woody notices that with every shove Buzz gives to the
text: tool chest, the milkcrate begins to edge out over the
text: lip of the desk.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: C‘mon, Buzz.
text: Finally the gap is wide enough for Woody to jump
text: through. Woody drops down to the floor below.
speaker_heading: woOoDY
dialog: {loud whisper)
dialog: Alright. Buzz! Hey! I’m out!
text: Buzz doesn’t hear Woody and continues to shove the
text: toolbox (and milkcrate) farther out.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: -.. almost (GRUNT)... there
dialog: (GRUNT)...
text: Woody looks up just in time to see the entire toolbox
text: and milkcrate topple towards him.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: {nervous laugh)
text: The toolbox CRASHES right on top of Woody.
text: Buzz falls onto the desktop and glances over to Sid, who
dialog: stirs...
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: {in his sleep)
dialog: I wanna ride the pony...
text: Sid does not wake. Buzz heaves a SIGH OF RELIEF, then
text: peers over the edge of the workbench.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Woody! Woody?! Are you alright?!
text: Woody lifts himself out from under the rubble.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (punch-drunk)
dialog: No, I’m fine... I'm okay...
speaker_heading: SFX: ALARM CLOCK
text: It goes off by Sid’s bed. Woody drops back under the
text: toolbox and Buzz goes limp.
text: Sid groggily sits up for a beat, then his eyes light up.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Oh, yeah! Time for lift-off!
text: Sid jumps out of bed, grabs Buzz and bolts out of the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: SID (0.S.)
text: TO INFINITY AND BEYOND! !
text: Woody leaps to his feet, runs across the room, and
text: catches the door just before it closes. As he swings
text: the door back open Woody is confronted by...
speaker_heading: ScuUD
text: The dog barrels down the hallway straight for Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Aaah! Back! Back! Down! Down!
text: Woody slams the door shut just in time. Scud BARKS AND
text: SCRATCHES at the door.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (out of breath;
dialog: to himself)
dialog: Okay, what do I do? Come on Woody,
dialog: think!
text: Woody looks across the room.
scene_heading: THE MUTANT TOYS
text: have appeared all around the room.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Guys!
text: The mutant toys all scatter and hide.
dialog: - 100 -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, no, no! Wait! Wait! Listen!
dialog: Please! There’s a good toy down
dialog: there and he’s -- he’s going to be
text: blown to bits in a few minutes all
dialog: because of me. I’ve gotta save him!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: -- But I need your help.
dialog: No response.
text: Woody then notices Babyface timidly peeking out of the
text: shadows from under the bed.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Please. He's my friend. He’s the
dialog: only one I've got.
text: Babyface crawls out and bangs in code on the side of
text: Sid’s metal bedpost.
text: The mutant toys emerge from the shadows, and gather
text: around Woody. He kneels down into a huddle with them.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to Babyface)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Okay. I think I know what to do.
dialog: We're going to have to break a few
dialog: rules, but if it works, it’1l help
dialog: everybody.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S BEDROOM
text: THE MOVERS cart out the last load. A forlorn Andy
text: clutches onto Buzz's “spaceship” box in one hand and his
text: cowboy hat in the other.
text: Andy scans the empty room and heaves a sad SIGH.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD SHED
text: Sid comes out of the shed carrying a bunch of materials
text: under his arm.
speaker_heading: SID (as ASTRONAUT)
dialog: Houston to Mission Control. Come
dialog: in, Control.
text: He drops the junk down beside an inanimate Buzz.
dialog: - 101 -
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Launch pad is being constructed!
dialog: Heh-heh.
text: SID'S UPSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: Scud is planted right outside Sid’s bedroom door, poised
dialog: to attack anything that exits.
scene_heading: INT. SID’'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody has created a little diagram of the house and yard
text: out of dominoes and Scrabble tiles. He points to it
text: with a pencil as he addresses the mutants.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: All right, listen up. I need Pump
dialog: Boy here -- Ducky here. Legs?
text: LEGS, the toy fishing rod with fashion doll legs, steps
text: forward from the crowd.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (continued; to
dialog: Legs)
dialog: You’re with Ducky.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: RollerBob and I don’t move till we
dialog: get the signal. Clear?
text: The mutants all give an affirmative nod.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Okay, let’s move!
text: The toys all break.
text: Legs and DUCKY, a duck head Pez dispenser with baby doll
text: torso and plunger base, rush over to a heating grate and
text: pull the face plate off the wall. They disappear into
text: the heating duct.
scene_heading: INT. HEATING DUCT - CONTINUOUS
text: Ducky and Legs come to an intersection. Ducky QUACKS
text: and they head down the right tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. SID’'S ROOM
dialog: - 10? -
text: HAND-IN-THE-BOX, the rubber hand in the Jack-in-the-box,
text: Stacks on top of several mutant toys to reach the
text: doorknob of the bedroom door.
text: Woody hops onto ROLLERBOB, a skateboard with a soldier’s
text: upper torso tied to its front.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Wind the frog!
text: WALKING CAR, a Hot Wheels car with baby arms, begins
text: winding up THE FROG, a tin wind-up frog with monster
text: truck wheels instead of legs.
scene_heading: INT. SID’S HOUSE/PORCH ATTIC
text: A bottom of wall insulation is pushed aside to reveal
text: Ducky and Legs. They make their way towards a junction
text: box sitting in the center of the floor.
text: Ducky and Legs lift the loose junction box.
scene_heading: EXT. SID’S HOUSE/FRONT PORCH - CONTINUOUS
scene_heading: THE BROKEN PORCH LIGHT
text: suddenly lifts upward and disappears into the roof.
text: Ducky extends his Pez neck out of the hole to check that
text: the coast is clear.
scene_heading: INT. SID’S ROOM
text: All the toys have manned their positions and wait
text: silently, their eyes fixed on Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Wait for the signal.
scene_heading: INT. PORCH ATTIC
text: Ducky takes the end of the line off Legs’ fishing reel,
text: hooks it onto himself, and is then lowered down through
text: the open hole.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - CONTINUOUS
text: Hanging halfway down the front door, Ducky begins to
text: swing. Eventually he swings far enough to reach his
text: destination: the doorbell.
text: Ducky presses it.
dialog: - 103 -
speaker_heading: SFX - DOORBELL
scene_heading: INT. SID'S ROOM
text: Woody throws his arm down.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Got!
text: Hand-in-the-box throws open the door and The Frog is let
dialog: loose.
text: The Frog zips through Scud’s legs and down the hallway.
text: Scud chases after it and follows it down the stairs.
speaker_heading: SFX - DOORBELL
speaker_heading: HANNAH (0.S.)
dialog: I’ll get it!
text: Woody helps the rest of the mutant toys onto the
dialog: skateboard.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Alright, let’s go.
text: Using his front arms, Rollerbob propels the skateboard
text: and crew out into the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. SID‘S HOUSE/ENTRY WAY
speaker_heading: SFX - DOORBELL
text: Hannah walks to the front door...
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I’m coming! I’m coming!
text: and opens it.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. FRONT DOORWAY - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Nobody’s there.
text: Hannah doesn’t notice Ducky stuck to the porch floor by
text: his plunger.
speaker_heading: THE FROG
text: zooms down the stairs with Scud BARKING right behind.
text: The Frog leaps off the last step, speeds through
text: Hannah's legs and out the open front door.
dialog: - 104 -
text: Hannah looks back inside at Scud. In that moment, Ducky
text: catches The Frog and is quickly reeled upwards back into
text: the roof.
text: Scud bursts through Hannah's legs, knocking her over,
text: and runs out onto the empty porch.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: SCUD!!!
text: Scud suddenly realizes he’s been duped, but before he
text: can get back inside, Hannah slams the front door shut.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Stupid dog.
text: Scud smashes into the closed door and begins BARKING
text: furiously.
text: As Hannah storms off into another room she doesn’t
text: notice Woody and the mutants zipping off the stairs and
text: round the corner, heading straight into the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN ~ CONTINUOUS
text: By now RollerBob has really picked up speed. He shoots
text: underneath the kitchen table, through the maze of chair
text: legs, straight towards...
speaker_heading: fHE PET DOOR
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Lean back!
text: The mutants all push back causing the RollerBob to do a
text: wheelie. They smash through the doggie door...
scene_heading: EXT. SID’S BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS
text: and catapult into the bushes.
text: The toys peek out from the bush to see Buzz strapped to
text: the launchpad. Sid is still in the toolshed.
dialog: - 105 -
speaker_heading: SID (O.S.; as ASTRONAUT)
dialog: Uh, Mission Control...is the
dialog: launchpad construction complete? --
dialog: (simulated
dialog: static)
dialog: Uh, Roger, rocket is now secured to
dialog: guide wire. We are currently
text: obtaining the...ignition sticks.
text: Countdown will commence momentarily.
dialog: Stand by --
dialog: (simulated
dialog: static)
text: Ducky, Legs, and The Frog shoot out into the yard from a
text: drain pipe. They exchange a thumbs-up with Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to toys in the
dialog: bush)
dialog: Let's go!
text: The mutants disperse to their designated places in the
dialog: yard.
speaker_heading: SID (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, Mom?! Where are the matches?
dialog: Oh, oh, wait, here they are.
dialog: Nevermind...
text: Woody runs towards Buzz, who spots Woody approaching.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: Woody?! Great! Help me out of this
dialog: thing!
text: Woody stops a few feet away from Buzz.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Shhhhhhh!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: It’s ok. Everything’s under
dialog: control.
text: Woody deliberately falls down limp on the grass.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Woody?! What are you doing?!
dialog: - 10@-
text: Sid emerges from the tool shed. Buzz freezes.
speaker_heading: SID (as ASTRONAUT)
dialog: Houston, all systems are go.
dialog: Requesting permission to launch --
dialog: (spotting Woody)
dialog: Hey! How'd you get out here?
text: Sid picks up Woody, examines him for a beat and then
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: sID
dialog: Oh, well, you and I can have a
dialog: cookout later. Ha-ha-ha...
text: . He sticks a match prominently in Woody’s holster and
text: tosses him onto the grill of an open barbecue.
speaker_heading: SID (as ASTRONAUT)
dialog: Houston, do we have permission to
dialog: launch? --
dialog: (simulated
dialog: static)
dialog: Uh, Roger, permission granted. You
dialog: are confirmed at T minus 10
dialog: seconds...
text: During Sid’s countdown, all the mutants scurry into
dialog: their final positions.
text: Sid lights a match.
speaker_heading: sID
dialog: (continued)
dialog: ... and counting. Ten! Nine!
dialog: Eight! Seven! Six! Five! Four!
dialog: Three! Two!... One!...
text: Sid grins menacingly as the match moves towards the
text: fuse.
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
dialog: Reach for the sky!!
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Huh?
text: Sid pulls back from lighting the fuse. He turns to look
text: at Woody still lying lifelessly atop the barbecue except
text: for the sound emitting from his voice box.
dialog: - 107 -
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
dialog: This town ain’t big enough for the
dialog: two of us!
speaker_heading: sID
dialog: What?!
text: Sid walks over to Woody and picks him up.
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
dialog: Somebody's poisoned the water
dialog: hole...
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: It’s busted.
text: He raises Woody up, about to throw him away --
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
dialog: Who are you callin’ busted, Buster?!
text: Sid stops short and looks at Woody again.
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
dialog: (continued)
dialog: That’s right. I’m talking to YOU,
dialog: Sid Phillips. We don’t like being
text: blown up, Sid, or smashed, or ripped
dialog: apart...
text: While Woody's voice box talks, Sid checks the
text: pullstring.
text: It isn’t moving. Sid GULPS.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: W-w-w-we?
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
dialog: That‘s right.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Your toys.
text: The remains of broken toys in the yard, led by the
text: bedroom mutants, begin rising from the ground in “NIGHT
text: OF THE LIVING DEAD” fashion.
text: The toys march forward, forming a circle around Sid.
text: Sid is too frightened to scream or move.
dialog: - 108 -
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
dialog: From now on, you must take good care
dialog: of your toys. Because if you don’t,
dialog: we'll find out, Sid. We toys can
dialog: see...
text: Woody’s inanimate head rotates 360 degrees.
speaker_heading: WOODY (VOICE BOX)
dialog: (continued)
dialog: everything.
text: For a split second Woody’s face comes to life.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (regular voice)
dialog: So play nice.
text: Sid drops Woody and bolts inside the house.
speaker_heading: SID
text: AAAAAAAGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!!!
text: Woody and all the toys CHEER VICTORIOUSLY.
scene_heading: INT. SID'S ENTRYWAY
text: Hannah has just come downstairs carrying a new doll when
text: Sid rushes up to her.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: The toys! The toys are alive!
text: Sid eyes Hannah‘s doll and pats it gently on the head.
speaker_heading: sID
dialog: (continued)
dialog: N-N-Nice dolly...
text: Hannah, sensing Sid’s fear, suddenly thrusts the doll in
text: Sid's face. He SCREAMS and runs upstairs. Hannah
text: chases after him, taunting.
speaker_heading: HANNAE
dialog: What‘s wrong, Sid?! Don’t you want
dialog: to play with Sally?!
scene_heading: EXT: SID’S BACKYARD
text: The toys are all congratulating one another.
dialog: - 109 -
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Nice work, fellahs. Good job.
dialog: Comin’ out of the ground -- what a
dialog: touch! That was a stroke of genius.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Woody!
text: Woody turns around and looks at Buzz, who’s still
text: affixed to Sid’s launchpad. Buzz extends his hand to
dialog: Woody.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Thanks.
text: They shake.
scene_heading: SFX: VAN HORN HONKING
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: Everybody say, “‘Bye, house.”
speaker_heading: ANDY (0.S.)
dialog: (depressed)
dialog: Bye, house.
text: Buzz and Woody look in the direction of Andy’s house.
scene_heading: ANGLE: ANDY’S DRIVEWAY - THE FAMILY VAN
text: Through the fence, Andy and his family can be seen
text: getting into the van.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Woody! The van!
text: Woody quickly hoists Buzz off the pole he was tied to.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to mutant toys)
dialog: We gotta run! Thanks, guys.
text: With the rocket still taped to Buzz, the two toys sprint
text: towards the fence.
scene_heading: SFX: VAN ENGINE STARTING
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Quick!
text: Woody easily slips through the slats in the fence, but
text: Buzz’s rocket causes him to become stuck.
dialog: - 11e -
scene_heading: EXT. ANDY’S DRIVEWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody has climbed up on to the rear bumper of the van
text: before realizing that Buzz is missing. He looks back to
text: discover Buzz stuck in the fence.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Just go! I’11 catch up!
text: Woody jumps down and runs back for Buzz.
text: The van begins pulling out of the driveway.
text: Woody tugs on a loosened slat and breaks Buzz free of
dialog: the fence.
text: The two toys run out into the street just in time to see
text: the van driving off down the street.
scene_heading: SFX: TRUCK ENGINE
text: Woody and Buzz turn around.
speaker_heading: THE MOVING VAN
text: drives right over them. Woody and Buzz SCREAM, ducking
text: just in time.
text: After the truck passes, Buzz runs after it with Woody a
text: few steps behind. .
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Come on!
scene_heading: ANGLE: SID’S FRONT PORCH
text: Scud is lying on the porch when he suddenly perks up at
text: the sight of the two tiny toys running down the street
text: after the moving truck.
text: Scud bears his teeth and GROWLS.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD STREET
text: Buzz runs up close to the truck with Woody still back a
text: few paces.
speaker_heading: A STRAP
text: dangles off the back of the truck. Buzz makes. a leap
text: for it and grabs hold. He climbs up the strap and onto
dialog: the bumper.
dialog: - 111 -
text: Woody then lunges for the strap but it stays just out of
dialog: reach.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: You can do it, Woody.
text: Woody gives a mighty leap and catches hold of the strap.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Whew, I made it!
text: Woody begins climbing up when suddenly Buzz goes pale.
text: Woody looks behind him to see...
speaker_heading: ScUD
text: The dog leaps forward and bites down on one of Woody's
dialog: legs.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (kicking Scud
dialog: with other foot}
dialog: Aaaaaahh!! Get away, you stupid
dialog: dog! Down! Down!
text: Scud tugs on Woody, pulling him down to the end of the
dialog: strap.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Hold on, Woody!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I can't do it! Take care of Andy
dialog: for me!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: NO-0-0-0-0-0-0-!1!
text: Buzz leaps off of the truck and onto Scuds snout. He
text: grabs Scud's eyelids and snaps them hard. Scud YELPS,
text: letting go of Woody. The dog bucks wildly with Buzz
text: hanging onto his face.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz!
text: The moving truck continues down the street leaving Buzz
text: and Scud behind.
text: Still hanging onto the strap, Woody scrambles up onto
text: the bumper. He unlocks the back door of the truck and
text: tries to lift up the heavy door.
dialog: - 112 -
text: Suddenly, the family van and moving truck come to a stop
text: at a traffic light..
text: Woody slams into the door, causing it to fly upward
text: taking Woody with it.
text: Hanging from the door, Woody scans the inside of the
text: truck until he spots what he’s looking for.
text: A PILE OF MOVING BOXES.
text: with the words “ANDY’S TOYS” written on them in crayon.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD STREET
text: Scud flings Buzz off his face. Buzz goes tumbling under
text: a parked car. Scud runs over to the car, but is too big
dialog: to get under it.
scene_heading: INT. BACK OF MOVING TRUCK
text: Woody rips into one of Andy’s boxes.
scene_heading: ANGLE: INSIDE OF BOX
text: All the toys wince and MOAN as they cover their eyes
text: from the sudden brightness.
speaker_heading: TOYS
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Are we there already?
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Woody?! How’d you --
text: Woody's response is to slide the box aside and begin
text: rummaging through the next box.
text: Slinky, Potato Head, Rex and the other toys GRUMBLE IN
text: CONFUSION as they poke their heads up out of the first
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Ah-hah! There you are!!
text: Woody pulls the RC Car and its remote out of the second
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Hey! What’s he doing?
dialog: - 113 -
text: Woody runs to the back of the truck and throws the RC
text: Car out onto the street. The other toys SCREAM in
dialog: horror.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: He‘s at it again!
scene_heading: INTERCUT - EXT. STREET/INT. REAR OF MOVING TRUCK
text: Woody turns on the remote and steers the RC car past
text: Scud and under the parked car where Buzz is hiding.
text: RC‘s motor WHIRRS happily at the sight of Buzz.
text: The traffic light turns green allowing the van and truck
text: to cross the intersection.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: (pointing at
dialog: Woody)
dialog: Get him!!!
text: All the toys pour out of their boxes and CHARGE on
dialog: Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Ah-h!! Ah-h! No, no!
text: Woody continues to steer the remote while trying to
text: avoid the angry mob of toys.
text: Buzz jumps on to the RC car and they zoom back towards
text: the moving truck.
text: Scud is right on their heels and is about to chomp down
dialog: on Buzz --
text: Rocky picks up Woody and spins him over his head.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, no, no! Wait!
dialog: (as Rocky spins
dialog: him)
dialog: Whoa-Whoa-Whoa... !
text: ~- The RC Car suddenly swerves from Scud’s jaws and
text: starts doing doughnuts (matching Woody’s) in the middle
dialog: of the street.
dialog: - 114 -
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (spinning)
dialog: Whoa-Whoa-Whoa... !
text: Rocky throws Woody to the floor.
text: -- RC resumes his course straight down the street with
text: Scud giving close chase.
text: Hamm leaps off a pile of boxes and onto Woody.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Pig pile!!
text: -- The RC car hops up in the air, tossing Buzz up and
text: off. Buzz manages to land back on RC, but facing
dialog: backwards.
scene_heading: ANGLE: TRAFFIC LIGHT
text: It changes red again and the wall of cross traffic
dialog: resumes.
text: Buzz and the RC Car drive straight into it.
text: Scud blindly follows them into the traffic and skids to
text: a halt just missing a car. The car swerves and CRASHES
text: into another car. Soon there is a multi-car pile up
text: that encircles Scud, entrapping the dog.
text: Buzz and the RC Car emerge from the intersection safely
dialog: cn the other side.
scene_heading: INT. BACK OF THE TRUCK
text: The mob of toys lift up Woody (still holding the remote)
text: and head for the open back.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No wait! You don’t understand!
dialog: Buzz is out there! We’ve gotta help
dialog: him! !
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Toss ‘im overboard!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, no, no, wait!
text: The toys toss him out into the road. As the truck
text: drives off the toys CHEER.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: So long Woody!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: SFX: CAR HORN
text: Woody turns around and ducks just in time as a car
text: passes over him.
text: Shaken, Woody tries to get up again when...
speaker_heading: BUZZ & RC
text: come barreling towards him.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Who-o-o-oa! Woody!
text: The RC Car sweeps up Woody and keeps driving.
text: Woody finds himself sitting in front of Buzz (still
dialog: holding the remote.)
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Well, thanks for the ride.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (pointing ahead)
dialog: Look out!!
text: The toys are about to slam into the rear tire of the car
text: that had passed over Woody earlier.
text: Woody SCREAMS and gives the steering wheel on the remote
text: a hard left, missing the tire by inches. The RC Car
text: moves up under the car.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Now let’s catch up to that truck!
speaker_heading: ANGLE: RC REMOTE
text: Woody flicks a switch from “ON” to “TURBO*’.
text: The RC Car speeds up towards the moving truck.
scene_heading: INT. BACK OF THE MOVING TRUCK
text: The toys are busy CONGRATULATING one another when Lenny,
text: the wind-up binoculars, glances out the back and spots
dialog: Buzz & Woody.
dialog: - 116 -
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Guys! Guys! Woody’s riding RC!
dialog: And Buzz is with him!
speaker_heading: TOYS
dialog: What?!!!
text: The toys rush to the edge of the open truck. Bo picks
text: up Lenny and looks through him.
scene_heading: ANGLE: BINOCULAR VIEW OF BUZZ & WOODY
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: It is Buzz! Woody was telling the
dialog: truth!
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: What have we done?!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Great. Now I have guilt.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/BACK OF THE MOVING TRUCK
text: The RC Car begins to gain on the truck.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: We're almost there.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Rocky! The ramp!
text: Rocky, the wrestler doll, rushes over to a lever on the
text: side of the back. The sign above it reads “RAMP:
text: UP/DOWN”. Rocky pushes down hard on the lever. The
text: ramp begins to lower.
text: Woody & Buzz look up to see the ramp about to come down
text: right on top of them.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Look out!!
text: The RC Car pulls back just before the heavy ramp slams
text: into the road. Sparks fly everywhere from the metal
text: scraping the pavement.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: (to other toys)
dialog: Quick! Hold on to my tail!
text: Potato Head and Rex grab on to Slinky’s tail allowing
dialog: - 117 -
text: Slinky’s front end to jump off the truck and onto the
dialog: ramp.
text: Slinky leans forward with his paw outstretched to Woody.
text: Woody hands the remote to Buzz and leans forward to grab
text: Slinky‘s hand.
scene_heading: ANGLE: WOODY & SLINKY’S HANDS
text: They grab hold of one another.
scene_heading: MR. POTATO HEAD
dialog: That a boy, Slink!!
text: All of a sudden, the RC Car begins to slow down pulling
text: Slinky’s front end off the ramp.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Woody ! !
text: His slinky middle begins to stretch and stretch...
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Woody! Speed up!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to Buzz)
dialog: Speed up!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: The batteries! They’re running out!
text: RC’s headlight eyes sag. The car slows even more.
text: As Slinky continues stretching. The RC Car begins to
text: weave side-to-side like a water skier.
speaker_heading: “SLINKY
dialog: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY VAN
text: With Mom and Andy preoccupied, baby Molly looks in her
text: sideview mirror.
scene_heading: ANGLE: PASSENGER SIDE MIRROR
text: The RC CAR (w/ Woody and Buzz) weaves into view and then
dialog: back out.
text: Molly SQUEALS with delight.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/BACK OF MOVING TRUCK
dialog: 118 -
text: With Slinky’s mid-section stretched to the limit, he
text: begins to lose his grip on Woody.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: I can’t hold on much longer!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Slink’! Hang on!
text: Slinky’s hand slips, sending his front shooting back
text: into the moving truck and knocking over all the toys.
text: The RC Car sputters to a stop.
text: Woody and Buzz watch in vain as the family van and
text: moving truck disappear.
text: Buzz tosses the remote to the ground in frustration.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Great!
speaker_heading: BEAT
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Woody! The rocket!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: The match!
text: Woody pulls out the match from his holster that Sid had
dialog: put there earlier.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Yes! Thank you, Sid!
text: Woody runs around behind Buzz, strikes the match against
text: RC’s back tire, and is about to light the fuse when...
speaker_heading: A CAR
text: whizzes right over them, blowing out the match.
text: Woody clenches the burnt match in his hands and falls
text: prostrate to the ground.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: No-o-o! No-no-no-no! No-o-o!
text: Unable to watch a cowboy cry, Buzz bows his head,
text: causing his helmet to block the sun from Woody.
text: As Buzz's shadow.passes over him, Woody stops whimpering
text: and looks at his hand.
scene_heading: A WHITE HOT DOT
text: like the one generated from Sid’s magnifying glass,
text: appears on the back of Woody’s hand.
text: Woody leaps up, grabs Buzz’s helmet and aligns it so the
text: white dot hits the tip of he fuse.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Woody?! What are you doing?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hold still, Buzz!
text: The fuse lights.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Ha-ha!!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: You did it! Next stop. Andy.
text: Woody jumps back onto the car then suddenly stops
text: smiling.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Wait a minute... I just lit a
dialog: rocket. Rockets explo --
scene_heading: SFX: ROCKET EXPLOSION
text: The RC CAR rockets forward. Speeding along the dividing
text: line in the road, it easily passes car after car until
text: the moving truck can be seen on the horizon.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF MOVING TRUCK
text: The toys are gathered around Slinky, his spring splayed
text: out on the floor.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: I shoulda held on longer.
text: Lenny looks out the back again.
dialog: ~ 120 -
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Look! Look! It's Woody and Buzz!
dialog: Comin’ up fast!
text: The toys run to the opening and CHEER.
scene_heading: ANGLE: BUZZ AND WOODY
text: The rocket is so strong that it begins to lift Buzz and
text: Woody off the RC Car. Woody manages to continue holding
dialog: onto RC -- but not for long.
text: The toys CHEERING turns to SCREAMING as they rush to get
text: out of the way of the oncoming “RC rocket’.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Take cover! !
text: Woody is forced to let go of the RC Car.
text: They separate, sending the two toys upward and RC into
text: the back of the truck.
text: RC smashes into Potato Head, sending all of his parts
dialog: flying.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - BUZZ AND WOODY
text: The rocket hurtles upward higher and higher.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Ahhh!! This is the part where we
dialog: blow up!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Not today!
text: Buzz confidently presses the button on his chest.
speaker_heading: WINGS
text: jut out of Buzz, severing the tape that holds him to
text: rocket. The toys separate from the rocket just before
text: it BLOWS UP.
text: The toys plummet.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (covering his
dialog: eyes)
dialog: Ah-h-h-h-h!!
dialog: - 121 -
text: Just then Buzz banks under some power lines and soars
text: upward again. Woody takes a peek.
text: They’re flying.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey, Buzz!! You're flying!!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: This isn’t flying. This is falling
dialog: -- with style!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Ha ha!! To Infinity and Beyond! !
text: They soar gracefully towards the moving truck, but then
text: pass over it.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Uh, Buzz?! We missed the truck!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: We‘re not aiming for the truck!
scene_heading: ANGLE: FAMILY VAN
text: Buzz & Woody fly right over the van’s sun roof and then
text: drop into the car.
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY VAN - CONTINUOUS
text: Before anyone can notice, Woody & Buzz land in an open
text: box in the back seat right next to Andy.
text: Andy turns to discover the limp Buzz and Woody lying in
dialog: the box.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Hey! Wow!
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: What? What is it?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (picking up the
dialog: toys)
dialog: Woody! Buzz!
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Oh, great, you found them. Where
dialog: were they?
dialog: - 122 -
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Here! In the car!
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: See? Now, what did I tell you?
dialog: Right where you left them.
text: Andy hugs both toys.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - WOODY AND BUZZ
text: They give each other a knowing wink.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ANDY’S NEW HOUSE - CHRISTMAS MORNING - LIVING ROOM
speaker_heading: BAY WINDOW
text: Through the gently falling snow, the Davis family can be
text: seen around the Christmas tree unwrapping presents.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Which one can I open first?
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Let‘s let Molly open one.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY'S NEW HOUSE/LIVING ROOM - CHRISTMAS TREE
text: One of the Christmas bulbs moves aside to reveal...
speaker_heading: THE SARGENT
text: The plastic green soldier spies on the Davis family with
text: his binoculars. He turns and motions back into the
dialog: tree,
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTMAS TREE
text: A baby monitor sits wedged between some branches
text: supported by several green army men. One of the
text: soldiers turns it on.
scene_heading: INT. - ANDY’S NEW BEDROOM
text: The receiving end of the monitor is atop Andy‘s night
text: stand. It CRACKLES WITH STATIC.
scene_heading: SARGENT (0.S.; over the monitor)
dialog: Frankincense this is Myrrh. Come
dialog: in, Frankincense.
dialog: ~ 123 -
text: Buzz sits on the edge of Andy’s bed while Hamm rests on
text: the nightstand alongside the monitor. They listen
text: intently.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Hey, heads up everybody! It's
dialog: showtime.
text: Woody and the rest of the toys are MINGLING together
text: like a typical office Christmas party.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Oh! It’s time!
text: The toys all stop and run towards the monitor.
text: Woody is about to follow when a crook pulls him
dialog: backwards to reveal...
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Whoooooah! Oh! Bo!
dialog: (rubbing his neck)
dialog: There’s gotta be a less painful way
dialog: to get my attention.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Merry Christmas, Sheriff.
text: She smiles and points her crook upwards to her sheep
text: perched on a shelf dangling mistletoe.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Say, isn’t that mistletoe?
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
text: Mm-hmmmmm.
text: Bo drops her crook, dips Woody and KISSES him.
text: The rest of the toys have congregated below the monitor
text: restless with “excitement” not fear.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (to Slinky)
dialog: Maybe Andy’11 get another dinosaur,
dialog: like a leaf-eater. That way, I
dialog: could play the, uh, dominant
dialog: ‘predator. Ha ha ha!
dialog: 124 -
text: Slinky LAUGHS with Rex.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Quiet everyone, quiet!.
speaker_heading: SARGENT (0.S.; over monitor)
dialog: Molly's first present i-i-is...Mrs.
text: Potato Head. Repeat. A Mrs. Potato
dialog: Head.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Way to go, Idaho!
text: All the toys CONGRATULATE Potato Head.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Gee, I better shave.
text: Potato Head whips off his moustache piece.
text: Woody climbs up onto the bed and joins Buzz. Lipstick
text: now covers Woody’s face.
speaker_heading: SARGENT (0.S.; over monitor)
dialog: Come in, Frankincense. Andy is now
dialog: opening his first present -- (STATIC)
text: Buzz bangs on the side of the monitor. Nothing.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz. Buzz Lightyear. You are not
dialog: worried, are you?
speaker_heading: SARGENT (0.S.; over monitor)
dialog: I can’t quite make out -- (STATIC)
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: Me? No, no, no, no...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Now Buzz, what could Andy possibly
dialog: get that is worse than you?!
text: We TRUCK OUT through the window to the EXT. as we
dialog: HEAR...
speaker_heading: ANDY (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, what is it? What is it?
dialog: - 125 -
speaker_heading: SFX: BARKING
speaker_heading: ANDY (0.S.)
dialog: Wow! A puppy!
text: We ZOOM BACK through the window to a CLOSE UP of Buzz
dialog: and Woody.
text: They look at one another with a half-smile, half-grimace
text: and LAUGH WEAKLY.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE_END
dialog: - 126 -
dialog: 
