scene_heading: TOM HANKS TIM ALLEN
scene_heading: TOY STORY U
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Doug Chamberlin
dialog: &
dialog: Chris Webb
speaker_heading: FIRST DRAFT
dialog: December 20, 1996
scene_heading: BEGIN TITLES OVER:
text: A futuristic city on a distant planet. A KIDNAPPED SPACE
text: PRINCESS is tied up helplessly on a giant venus fly trap. Our
text: POV hurries toward the princess, jumping barriers and swinging on
text: ropes through the sci-fi setting, until...
speaker_heading: EMPEROR ZURG
dialog: (very tinny)
dialog: Prepare to die, Buzz Lightyear!
text: EMPEROR ZURG leaps into frame, brandishing his ION BLASTER GUN.
scene_heading: WIDEN TO REVEAL
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S ROOM - MORNING
text: It’s a video game on a TV screen. The image looms above us like
text: an Imax movie, but down at the very bottom we see the small
text: silhouette of BUZZ LIGHTYEAR sitting in front of the TV, playing
text: the game. Buzz holds a huge joystick.
text: Buzz starts shooting back. Two more silhouettes shaped like REX
text: and HAMM hurry in front of the TV.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Uh-oh, that pesky Zurg character.
dialog: Use your time warp cannon!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Really? JI would use my terillium
dialog: shield.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: I’1l de-moleculize him with my
dialog: antimatter phaser.
text: Hamm tries to grab the joystick.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: No! Buzz Lightyear wouldn’t do that.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I an Buzz Lightyear!
text: Zurg starts FIRING the blaster at us. Rex shakes Buzz.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: He’s attacking. Buzz, do something!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (calls o.s.)
dialog: Woody, tell these guys I know what
dialog: I’m doing.
scene_heading: PAN OVER TO REVEAL
text: Woody stands on the shelf next to the TV. on his doodle pad,
text: Woody has drawn a makeshift calendar, with a few days left to go
text: until the day marked, "CAMP OVER - ANDY BACK!" Woody crosses off
text: another day, props the pad against a book so the room can see it.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Guys, next time I’m stranded on an
dialog: alien planet, there’s no one I’da
dialog: rather have lead the rescue party
dialog: than Buzz Lightyear...
text: As Woody speaks, he sees something through Andy’s window. For a
text: split second Mrs. Davis walks by carrying a few items, including
text: what might have been a "GARAGE SALE" sign--she’s gone before
text: Woody can tell. Woody mouths the words "GARAGE SALE?"
text: There’s a HAMMERING NOISE outside. Woody looks worried. He
text: scopes out the room; across the room is the window, and a dresser
text: in front of it. In b.g. we hear a CASIO WINNING FANFARE.
speaker_heading: REX (0.S.)
dialog: High score! You did it, Buzz!
speaker_heading: HAMM (0.S.)
dialog: Way to go, Super Buzzio!
speaker_heading: WwooDY
dialog: (to other toys o.s.)
dialog: See you later, guys. Gotta check
dialog: something out.
text: Woody hops down to the floor and starts heading for the window.
text: Slinky approaches. In b.g. other toys play rambunctiously.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Howdy, Woody! Andy coming home
dialog: today? - .
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Three more days, Slinky: Hey
dialog: Slink, checkers at four o’clock?
text: Slinky looks up nervously.
speaker_heading: . SLINKY
dialog: Where? Where?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Good one, Slink.
text: Woody walks away; Slinky continues to look around nervously.
text: Woody salutes as he approaches Sarge, who leads the ALIENS as
text: they try to march in place. The Aliens SQUEAK out of unison.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Hut, hut, hut! Let’s move it!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Lookin’ good, Sarge. The few, the
dialog: proud... the Aliens!
dialog: (he laughs at his own joke)
dialog: Hey Sarge, where’s the regular
dialog: army?
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Sir, the men are on leave, Sir!
text: Sarge motions to SEE ‘N SAY. The GREEN ARMY MEN (in hawaiian
text: shirts) are gathered around, using See ‘N Say as a roulette wheel
text: and CHEERING.
speaker_heading: wooDY
dialog: Great, Sarge. Keep that morale up.
text: Woody walks by Rex, who’s holding MIKE’s mike, reading from a
text: book to a group of LITTLE TYKES. As Rex reads, he gets more
text: carried away, shouting more passionately with every word.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: “See Dick! See Dick run!" Oh no!
dialog: “Run, Dick, run!" I can’t go any
dialog: further! The suspense is killing me!
dialog: (sees Woody)
dialog: Woody! Care to join us for a book
dialog: discussion group?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Later, Rex. I’ve got some business
dialog: to check on...
text: Rex and Woody are distracted by a loud KISSING NOISE.
speaker_heading: wooDy
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Uh oh, turn your heads, Little
dialog: Tykes. They’re at it again!
text: Woody looks toward a DOLL HOUSE. MR. and MRS. POTATO HEAD stand
text: in the side "yard," smooching like two lovebirds.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: (syrupy-sweet voice)
dialog: Aww, who's my widdle tater tot?
scene_heading: MRS. POTATO HEAD
dialog: Ooh, you’re my itty bitty wav spud.
text: Woody gets a silly grin, then continues on.
scene_heading: “HOLD ON DOLL HOUSE
text: Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head finish kissing. His lips are stuck to
text: hers. He pulls them off and reattaches them. Hamn approaches.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Hey, Spudhead, feel like catching
dialog: the Rock’em Sock’em robot fight?
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Not today, Hamm. Got to finish the
dialog: deck.
text: Mr. Potate Head puts a couple of Legos on the deck.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Oh I get it. Missis doesn’t want
dialog: you going out.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Hey, I wear the skin in the family!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Really? Howabout tomorrow then?
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Sorry. Building the wife a redwood
dialog: hot tub.
text: He points to a can of Lincoln Logs. Hamm shrugs, exits. As he
dialog: leaves...
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: (under breath)
dialog: Man, that is one whipped potatoe,
text: ANGLE ON THE TOP OF ANDY’S DRESSER
text: Woody climbs onto the top. He starts to peer out the window, but
text: BO PEEP pulls him back with her crook.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Bo? Why’d you do that?
dialog: )
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: So I could do this.
text: She leans Woody back out of frame to KISS him. As Woody's legs
text: rise up into frame, we see a thread in his pants catch on a loose
text: screw on the dresser. The thread RIPS, but Woody's too
text: distracted to notice.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: That’s for doing such a good job
text: keeping the toys happy while Andy’s
dialog: been away.
speaker_heading: wooDy
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: Howuzzah... ishkabibble...
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: If you need ne, Sheriff, you know
dialog: what to do. Just give me a ring.
text: She suggestively removes a ring from the ring toss pole, and
text: rolls it to Woody’s feet. Woody stares stupidly at the ring,
text: then snaps out his daze and turns around to look cut the window.
text: He sees Mrs. Davis hammering a sign into the ground. the sign
text: reads "GARAGE SALE."
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Great... This is the last thing
dialog: the toys need.
speaker_heading: REX (0.S.)
dialog: Hey Woody!
text: Woody turns around, sees Rex is coming. Woody panics and yanks
text: Andy’s window shade down, covering: the window. Woody stands
text: there, straining to hold the shade down, trying to look
text: nonchalant.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Could you hand me "The Pokey Little
dialog: Puppy?" The Little Tykes are
dialog: demanding something more
dialog: sophisticated.
text: Laying on the dresser is the book, "The Pokey Little Puppy."
text: Woody stretches to reach the book with his hand, while holding
text: the shade down by Placing his feet on the shade’s pullring. He
text: hands Rex the book, smiling nervously.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Woody? Are you hiding something
dialog: behind that shade?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Me? What? Never! Why, who ever
dialog: heard of anything so...
text: THWIPP-P-P! The shade pulls up, yanking Woody up with a FLAP
text: FLAP FLAP. The other toys in the room stop playing and watch as
text: Woody lands in a heap on the bed. He jumps up, composes himself.
speaker_heading: wooDy
dialog: Not a problem! I’m fine! Keep on
dialog: Playing!
text: Rex examines the window.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Why Woody, there’s nothing back
dialog: here to hide at all. I don’t see
dialog: anything except for a sign that
dialog: Says... GARAGE SALE!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Garage sale?!
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Garage sale!
text: Panic breaks out. The Little Tykes hop in the toy chest and SLAM
text: the lid. The SHEEP hide under Bo Peep’s skirt. Mrs. Potato Head
text: runs into her doll house and shuts all the windows. Woody hops
text: down to the floor.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Everyone, calm down. It’s just a
dialog: garage sale...
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Garage sale? That’s worse than
dialog: being given to the puppy!
speaker_heading: : WOODY
dialog: Come on, there’s no need to worry.
speaker_heading: REX
text: Strangers poking and prodding at my
dialog: soft underbelly=--how humiliating!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Rex! No one is going to get poked!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Sure, sell the kid’s toys when he’s
dialog: away at camp! He’ll be in therapy
dialog: for life!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: .Everyone, quiet!
dialog: (the toys settle down)
dialog: Relax. None of us are going to the
dialog: garage sale. Mom wouldn’t sell any
dialog: of us with Andy away at camp!
dialog: Besides, garage sales are only for
dialog: old toys.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Woedy’s right. We shouldn't be
dialog: worried. He should! He’s the
dialog: oldest toy around here. Woody’s
dialog: Practically an antique!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, I am pot an antique!
text: As Woody gestures to make his point, the ripped stitch Pops.
text: Woody looks down, sees some stuffing is coming out of his pants.
text: Woody tries to
dialog: pants.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Don’t worry, Woody. Just because
dialog: you’re falling apart, that doesn’t
dialog: change how much we love you.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey, I am not falling apart! I’ve
dialog: just been... heavily loved.
text: act cool as he kicks the stuffing back in his
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Hmm, fiberurethane. Now that’s
dialog: quality plush fill. course it’s
dialog: been banned since the seventies...
speaker_heading: . WOODY
dialog: Alright! Now if you'll excuse me,
dialog: I’m going out for a little rest,
dialog: relaxation...
dialog: (stuffing comes out again)
dialog: ++-and restuffing. :
text: Woody climbs onto Andy’s bed. He hops up and sits on the
text: windowsill, his feet dangling out the open window over the garage
text: roof. Woody stews as he shoves the stuffing back in.
dialog: woopy
text: (muttering as he restuffs)
dialog: Antique! We’ll see who's falling
dialog: apart. Just cause a fellah looses
dialog: a little bit of his insides... I’m
dialog: just more "mature," that’s all...
text: Woody stares out the window over the suburban landscape,
text: Everything is quiet, except the pleasant chirping of birds.
text: Woody takes a deep breath, relaxes. He hops down onto the top of
text: the garage roof.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody stands on a shingle, stretches his legs.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Ahhh. Finally a little Peace and
dialog: quiet. Nothing to bother me up
dialog: here on the...
text: As Woody shifts his weight, the Shingle he’s standing on cracks
text: and starts to slip.
speaker_heading: WwooDy
dialog: +.-Whoa... Whaaah!...
text: The shingle slips leose and Woody slides down the roof Slope as
text: if he were on a toboggan. He tries to stop the shingle with his
dialog: boot, but to no avail.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Andy's toys see Woody sliding down the roof. They stop their
text: playing and run up to the window sill, concerned.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY = CONTINUOUS
text: Woody plummets off the garage roof and WHUMP!, lands in a
text: cardboard box on a table. The box is full of junk. Woody
text: stumbles to his feet, a lampshade perched on his head.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S ROOM + CONTINUOUS
text: The toys LAUGH.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY = CONTINUOUS
text: Woedy looks up, sees the toys laughing at him in Andy’s window.
text: He throws the shade down, crosses his arms, stands there fuming.
text: Just then an ominous shadow approaches from behind. Woody goes
text: limp, falling back into the box.
text: A man’s stubby hand reaches down and grabs Woody. The MAN holds
text: Woody to his face and examines hin.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S ROOM ~ CONTINUOUS
text: The toys stop laughing. They GASP.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: The man SQUEALS with delight.
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: A Woody! A genuine 1958 Woody with
dialog: original hat!
text: He calms himself, then picks up other items and carries them to
dialog: Mrs. Davis.
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: (fake nonchalant)
dialog: I want this clock radio, these Abba
dialog: eight-tracks and er... this junky,
dialog: worthless, old, cowboy thingy.
dialog: (weasely grin)
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Woody? What’s he doing down here?
dialog: He‘s not for sale. .
text: She takes Woody out of the man’s hands.
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: Come on, it’s a garage sale, lady.
dialog: I found that thing fair and square.
dialog: It’s not for me. I want it for my
dialog: poor bedridden son, er...
text: (glances at "Philco" radio)
dialog: Phil. My son Phil.
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Sorry, that’s my boy’s favorite
dialog: toy. I couldn’t sell him.
text: The man frowns, eyes Woody menacingly. ‘ He looks around, sees
text: Andy’s old skateboard is under the table. At the end of the
text: table is a floor lamp. He furtively pushes the skateboard with
text: his foot. It rolls into the lamp, knocking it over with CLATTER.
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: Oh, what now?
dialog: 10
text: Distracted, Mrs. Davis puts Woody on a chair by the cash box and
text: walks over to pick up the lamp. The man grabs Woody and scurries
text: to his car.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S ROOM = CONTINUOUS
text: The toys are in shock.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Hey! Chubby’s stealing our Sheriff!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Come back with Woody, you, you...
dialog: toynapper!
text: Buzz grabs LENNY, looks through.
scene_heading: BUZZ’S POV THROUGH BINOCULARS
text: The man jumps into his car. As he Speeds off, Buzz focuses on
text: the license plate: "LZTYBRN."
speaker_heading: BUZZ (V.0.)
scene_heading: "L-2-T-Y-BeR-N?"
text: Buzz shakes his head, can’t figure it out. The toys stand at the
text: window sill, watching as the car drives out of sight.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Woody!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S ROOM = NIGHT
text: All the toys (except Buzz) are gathered around one of Andy‘s
text: Grawings of Woody. It’s a Woody wake.
text: The Green Army Men line up in shooting formation.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Fire!
text: They pull their triggers for a twenty-one plastic gun salute.
scene_heading: GREEN ARMY MEN
dialog: (not in unison) | -
dialog: Bang!
text: All of the toys hang their heads as ROBOT bangs out "Taps" on a
text: Playskool xylophone. The SHRINER TYKES drive by in their little
text: cars; one shriner leaves the pack, forming a "missing man"
dialog: formation.
dialog: 11
text: Bo Peep steps up to the Woody drawing.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: I think it’d be nice if we each
dialog: said a little something about what
dialog: Woody meant to us.
text: Slinky steps up.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: I’m not good at speeches. But
dialog: Woody... I/11 never play checkers
dialog: without thinkin’ how you always let
dialog: me triple jump ya.
dialog: (looks at drawing)
dialog: _I/ll miss ya, pal.
text: Mr. Potato Head steps up to the drawing.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: The man was a saint! There was
dialog: never a moment when I didn’t show
dialog: the utmost respect for him!
dialog: (tears up)
dialog: Excuse me. Must’ve put on the
dialog: wife’s eyes on this morning by
dialog: mistake!
text: Mr. Potato Head pulls off his eyes and replaces them with Mrs.
dialog: Potato Head’s.
dialog: handkerchief.
text: still in it.
text: Mrs. Potato Head tears up, blows her nose with a
text: When she pulls the handkerchief away, her nose is
text: Rex steps up to the drawing.
text: Rex is carried
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: For those who need it, I’1ll be
dialog: leading crisis counseling after the
dialog: ceremony...
dialog: (blubbers)
dialog: Woody! We never even got to say
dialog: goodbye!
text: away with emotion. He runs off hysterical.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Guess today’s crisis session is
dialog: canceled.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Buzz, any thoughts to share about
dialog: Woody?... Buzz?
text: She notices Buzz is not there.
speaker_heading: WHIP PAN TO:
text: Buzz paces back and forth in front of Etch, deep in thought.
text: Written on Etch’s screen are the giant letters: LZTYBRN. Buzz
text: stares at the screen, scratches his chin.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Try the "1-z" combination.
text: REVEAL Buzz is talking to Mr. Spell.
speaker_heading: MR. SPELL
dialog: Lazy Toy Brain... Lousy Tie,
dialog: Bernie... Lou’s Thigh Burns...
dialog: Lance To Your Brain...
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Blast! This is going in circles.
text: Buzz slumps in frustration.
speaker_heading: MR. SPELL (0.S.)
dialog: Al‘’s Tea Burned... Al‘’s Toy
dialog: Barn...
text: Buzz straightens up. His eyes go wide. He spins around at
dialog: Mister Spell.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Al’s Toy Barn!
speaker_heading: MR. SPELL
dialog: That is correct.
dialog: BACK TO WAKE
text: Buzz marches by the wake, looking ultra-determined,
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Buzz, you’re missing the service.
dialog: Where’re you going?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I’m going to bring Woody home.
speaker_heading: . SLINKY
dialog: From where?!
dialog: 
text: Buzz points to Mr. Spell. His screen still reads "Al's Toy
dialog: Barn."
speaker_heading: BUZZ
text: Al‘’s Toy Barn. The man who stole
dialog: Woody was Al!
speaker_heading: ALL TOYS
dialog: WHAT?!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Al‘’s Toy Barn? The fat guy from
dialog: ) the TV commercials?
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: (makes crazy gesture)
dialog: Someone’s been sitting too close to
dialog: the video game!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: , Woody saved my life once--and he’s
dialog: too young to be tossed into the
text: toybox just yet.
text: Buzz starts toward Andy’s window.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Me neither! Take me with ya, Buzz!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Me too! I want to rescue Woody!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Alright. We’ll begin our mission
dialog: in five minutes. With any luck
dialog: we'll be home tomorrow morning.
text: Hamm looks to Mr. Potato Head.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Up for a road trip, Spudhead?
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Me? And leave my little french
dialog: fry?
scene_heading: MRS. POTATO HEAD
dialog: You should go, sweet potato. If
dialog: | you want to make me happy... bring
dialog: f Woody back home.
speaker_heading: “~~ HAMM
dialog: Yeah, "Sweet Potato."
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Alright then.
dialog: (attaches his moustache)
dialog: A spud’s gotta do what a spud’‘s
dialog: gotta do.
scene_heading: EXT. WINDOW/GARAGE ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: The toys slip out of Andy’s window and hop down to the roof.
text: Buzz leads the toys to the top of an ivy trellis. Buzz grabs on.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP (0.S.)
dialog: Buzz, wait!
text: Bo Peep runs onto the roof, leans down and gives Buzz a kiss.
text: Buzz is stone faced.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: That’s for Woody when you see him.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I’1l pass it on... but I doubt
dialog: he’1l enjoy it coming from me.
text: Buzz looks out at the suburban landscape. Houselights twinkle.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: To Al‘s Toy Barn... and beyond!
text: Buzz leads the toys down the ivy trellis as we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
text: An imposing high-rise apartment building in a large city. The
text: “LZTYBRN" car parks in front of the high-rise. Al steps out,
text: carrying Woody. He enters an outdoor elevator.
scene_heading: INT. AL’S APARTMENT - FRONT ROOM ~ MOMENTS LATER
text: It’s a penthouse decorated with framed covers of business
text: magazines featuring Al’s picture, a collection of Pez dispensers,
text: and a wall of framed photos... all of various toys.
text: Al enters, carrying Woody. He WHISTLES and tries to act
text: nonchalant, which only makes him appear suspicious. As soon as
text: he closes the door behind hin...
speaker_heading: aL
dialog: Yes! Yes! Yessss! A genuine
dialog: first edition Woody!
text: Al does a little victory dance around the apartment.
dialog: ) ew
dialog: rn
dialog: 15
text: Al stops dancing and stares at Woody lovingly.
speaker_heading: aL
dialog: At last! The mother lode!
dialog: {ala conga)
dialog: Woody, Woody, Woo-dee!
text: Al dances into another room.
scene_heading: INT. AL‘’S APARTMENT - WORK ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody is carried across the room, rimmed with floor-to-ceiling
text: shelves full of boxes. The boxes have labels such as "Captain
text: Platypus," "Dinky Doodle’s Playhouse," and "Rococco The Ciown."
text: Woody is carried toward a workbench. Protruding from the bench
text: is a big clamp. al puts Woody on the workbench and clamps his
text: head into a fixed position.
speaker_heading: WOODY’S POV
text: Operating room style lights blare down from overhead.
text: Al stares down into Woody’s eyes. Al holds up a q-tip, then dips
text: it ina jar bearing a skull and crossbone and label: "DANGER:
dialog: CORROSIVE!"
text: Al grins and slowly lowers the dripping Q-tip right into Woody ‘s
text: eyes. The Q-tip SQUEAKS as grime is painstakingly rubbed off of
text: Woody’s eyes.
text: Next Al holds up a WHIRRING buffing wheel. Then he applies the
text: buffing wheel to Woody’s face.
text: Finally Al puts down the buffer and holds up a gleaming metal
text: dentist’s hook. He dips the hook a test tube of liquid plastic
text: bubbling over a bunsen burner. A drop of molten plastic dangles
text: from the instrument. Al applies it menacingly to Woody's
dialog: forehead.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON WOODY
text: We see that Al is repairing the burned indentation in Woody’s
text: forehead. Woody leoks brand new, shiny as a waxed apple.
text: Al stands up, admires Woody. He goes to the shelf and pulls off
text: marked "Woody’s Roundup." Al carries Woody and the box into...
dialog: 16
scene_heading: INT. AL‘S APARTMENT = DISPLAY ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Al enters, places three toys from the box--a HORSE, and old
text: PROSPECTOR DOLL, and a CACTUS--along with Woody, on cushy display
text: pillows. He exits. WIDEN to reveal this is a spartan, pristine
text: room full of polished glass displays. Woody frantically looks
text: around for an exit.
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: (whispers to Prospector)
dialog: It’s Woody! Someone introduce me.
dialog: How’s my sheen? Am I shiny enough?
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: (country club accent)
dialog: You look positively near mint!
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: {similar accent)
dialog: Hey, I am mint! You’re the one
dialog: who’s near mint!
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Pish posh! So I’ve been touched by
dialog: human hands! At least I still have
dialog: my original box!
text: Woody happens to look in their direction.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Woody, old bean!
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: Welcome to the club, sport.
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE (THE HORSE)
dialog: (down home accent)
dialog: Put ’er there, pal!
text: Bullseye holds out a hoof for Woody to shake. Woody stares at
text: them in shock.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I’m outta here.
text: Woody turns and bolts.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: (to Bullseye) :
dialog: Now you’ve done it! You’ve scared
dialog: him away with your non-mint hoof!
dialog: 17
text: Woody runs for the door, slipping around on the super-polished
text: floor. Woody tries the door; it’s shut tight.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Come on, guys, help me get outta
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: : PROSPECTOR
dialog: Get out? Whatever for?
text: Woody runs to the window, starts trying to open it. It won't
text: budge. Then Woody looks out the window and is terrified by what
text: he sees: a huge expanse of city twenty stories below. Andy’s
text: house is nowhere in sight.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: {practically crying)
dialog: Andy! Andy!
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Who’s this Andy chap?
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: Perhaps he was Woody’s former
dialog: collector.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: He’s the kid who plays with me.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Plays with? Ghastly!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: What‘s "ghastly" about it? I‘ma
dialog: toy just like you.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: A toy? Watch your language!
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: We are not "toys." We prefer to be
dialog: thought of as "Collectibles."
dialog: . wooby
dialog: Uh huh. And I prefer to think of
dialog: you as “loonies."
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: Fellans, I don’t think he knows .
dialog: he’s a collector’s item.
dialog: yr
dialog: “my
dialog: 18
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh of course! He’s been Played
dialog: with--corrupted by a kid!
text: They hop down from the display, walk over to Woody.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Now see here, Woody. This escaping
dialog: fiddle faddle has got to stop now.
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: Let’s get one thing clear. yYou’re
dialog: not going to be played with any more.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: You’re a collector’s item now.
dialog: You’ve graduated to a whole new
text: Plane of toy existence.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Right. And you've graduated from
dialog: "loony" to "total nutcase."
text: Woody starts to walk away. The Prospector grabs Woody by the
text: shoulder, turns Woody around.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Old boy, do you know how long we’ve
dialog: been waiting for you?! You’re the
text: centerpiece of the "Woody's
dialog: Roundup” collection! Look.
scene_heading: WOODY’S POV - SCANNING THE DISPLAY
text: A lunchbox with Woody’s face on it. An old lp with Woody’s face
text: on the sleeve. A board game box with Woody and Bullseye on it,
dialog: etc. .
text: Towering over the display is a massive antique poster advertising
text: a fifties TV kids show. The poster depicts Woody riding on
text: Bullseye, with the Prospector and Senorita Cactus standing
text: nearby. The poster reads "DuMont Network presents... Woody’s
dialog: Roundup." : .
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: Congratulations, boy. You’re a
dialog: star!
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: You’re not a toy anymore. You’re
dialog: one of us now.
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: wooDY
dialog: (overwhelmed gurgle)
dialog: Harrrghumph...
text: Woody faints, falls on his face.
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: He scuffed his sheen!
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Get the buffer!
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: MONTAGE TO FOLLOW - EN ROUTE TO AL‘S TOY BARN
text: Buzz leads the toys on a trek to Al’s Toy Barn. Through a series
text: of mishaps and bad decisions, one by one the toys lose faith in
text: Buzz, until at last Buzz loses faith in himself. Buzz wonders
dialog: why he ever thought a mere toy could journey across town.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AL’S APARTMENT - DISPLAY ROOM - DAY
text: Woody is lying on the floor, his arm stretched under the door. .
text: He’s tied his belt and bandanna into a lasso. He slips his arm
text: under the door, and GRUNTS as he tries to lasso the doorknob
text: overhead. With each failed attempt, Woody gets more and more
text: downhearted. Bullseye comes over, starts nonchalantly tossing
text: his horseshoe.
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: (covert code)
dialog: So... I see we have... similar
dialog: interests.
text: Woody misses with the lasso again.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Similar?! I’m not some
dialog: "collectible" who hates being a
dialog: toy. I’m nothing like you!
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: (looks around;
dialog: the coast is clear)
dialog: You’re everything like me. I liked
dialog: being a toy. I was played with.
dialog: too, back in the fifties.
dialog: Woody uses his
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: wooDy
dialog: What? You?...
dialog: (warms up)
dialog: Sorry, Put er there, pal!
text: free hand to shake with Bullseye.
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: Yep, just like you, I was. The
dialog: birdman of Al’s apartment. Fifty
text: four escape attempts at the window,
dialog: hundred and twenty seven at the air
dialog: vent, and...
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: two hundred and eighty four attempts
dialog: to lasso the doorknob like you're
dialog: doing. I’ve been here a long time,
dialog: Woody, and if there’s one thing
dialog: I’ve learned, it’s that...
text: Woody tosses the lasso up to the doorknob. cLicx. Woody
text: brightens and pulls hard on the door. It doesn’t open, and WHAM!
text: Woody yanks himself headfirst into the door.
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
text: ++.that door’s deadbolted.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: Woody, don’t be a darn fool. 1
dialog: spent years wishing I could break
dialog: out, and all I got was a broken heart.
dialog: (perks up)
dialog: Besides, life here ain’t that bad.
dialog: Al treats us well. Prospector and
dialog: Senorita Cactus... they've got
dialog: their good points...
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: What good points?!
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: (thinking hard)
dialog: Er... They’re very shiny... The
dialog: cactus isn’t that prickly... The
dialog: Prospector has good diction...
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: Well, it could be worse! I coula
text: Still be stuck in that moldy box.
dialog: f
dialog: o~
dialog: 21
text: Woody sits down, despondent. He’s staring up at something.
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: Yep, the more I tried to escape,
dialog: the more I learned that you don’t
dialog: escape from Al‘s.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Bullseye... What do you know about
dialog: that skylight up there?
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: I know... that you’ve got some
dialog: learnin’ to do. Good luck, friend.
text: Bullseye smiles at Woody, walks away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - DAY
text: Andy’s toys despondently trudge along. Buzz drags behind.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: I can’t take any more of this! I/m
dialog: allergic to failure!
speaker_heading: ‘POTATO HEAD
dialog: (quoting Hamm sarcastically)
dialog: "Up for a road trip, Spudhead?
dialog: It‘’ll be a lot of laughs..."
text: The toys come upon a wide stretch of highway. Cars WHOOSH by on
text: four lanes. It looks dangerous.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Now what do we do, Buzz?
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Don’t ask him. He got us into this
dialog: whole mess. He’s blown everything.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Quit pickin’ on Buzz. He’s doing
dialog: the best he can... I think.
speaker_heading: BUZZ -
dialog: No, Potato Head’s right. T had no
dialog: business trying this. I don’t even
dialog: know where we are. Maybe we should
dialog: turn around...
dialog: ~
dialog: 22
text: Rex looks up. Between the flow of cars he sees a shopping center
text: across the street. In the middle is Al’s Toy Barn.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Al’s Toy Barn! Woody!
text: Rex doesn’t look both ways, he just excitedly starts running
text: across the road.
dialog: Buzz
dialog: Rex, no!
text: The cars barely miss Rex as he gets to the other side.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Now don’t any of you try...
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Road’s clear!
speaker_heading: HAMM,
dialog: Let’s go for it!
text: Buzz watches Potato Head, Hamm and Slinky dash madly across the
text: road. Now Buzz is stranded on the side of the highway. He grits
text: his teeth in frustration. From the other side of the road he
dialog: hears...
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Come on over!
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: What are you waiting for?
text: Buzz starts across the road. Halfway there he looks up and sees
text: a Buick heading straight for hin.
text: Buzz freezes, not knowing what to do. As the car WHOOSHES by,
text: its curb feeler KNOCKS Buzz to the pavement.
text: Buzz staggers up, looks at his leg.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Whuh?! .
text: Buzz is mortified to see the curb feeler’s scratched a scuff mark
text: deep into his leg. He gets up to move but a line of cars whiz by
text: in both directions.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Buzz!
dialog: ) ny
dialog: 23
text: Rex runs back into the road, narrowly avoiding the traffic. He
text: grabs Buzz and drags him to the other side.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Ya made it!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Close call, there. You could’ve
dialog: been a Space Ranger pancake.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (to self)
dialog: Space Ranger? I’m just a toy!
dialog: What am I doing out here?
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (re: Toy Barn)
dialog: Buzz is right. What are we doing
dialog: out here? Woody’s in there!
text: The toys WALLAH IN CELEBRATION, and rush toward the superstore.
text: Buzz watches the toys run toward Al’s, but doesn’t feel like
text: celebrating. After a beat, he trudges toward Al’s Toy Barn, a
text: defeated toy.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. AL’S APARTMENT - DISPLAY ROOM - LATER
text: Woody has stacked a bunch of "Woody’s Roundup" paraphernalia-~
text: lunchboxes, board games, bookbags, thermi, books, etc--into a
text: very rickety stack leading to the skylight. Woody is climbing,
text: carrying a book, "Woody’s Book of Phonics."
text: Bullseye watches as Woody climbs higher and higher. The
text: Prospector and Senorita Cactus are Playing chess, their backs to
text: Woody. They don’t see the escape attempt.
text: Woody reaches the top. The skylight is right above his head.
text: Woody places the book on top. Now the stack reaches right up to
text: the skylight.
speaker_heading: : WOODY
dialog: (sotto, as he climbs)
dialog: Hah! "No one’s ever escaped Al‘’s."
dialog: That was before Al messed with me!
text: Woody hops on top of the book, pushes against the skylight. It
dialog: won’t budge.
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (panicky)
dialog: No, no... This can’t be happening.
text: Woody POUNDS on the skylight. The stack starts to quake.
text: Bullseye runs for cover as the bottom falls out. The stack
text: topples over with a CRASH, sending Woody flying.
text: The Prospector and Senorita Cactus are startled. They look up
text: from their game, see Woody staggering out of the pile in a daze.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Not another escape attempt. How
dialog: tedious.
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: ‘ll say one thing for him, he’s
dialog: got guts.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I hate guts.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Senorita, we‘ve got to find a way
dialog: to break hin.
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: Break him? He’ll be worth a lot
dialog: less if we do that.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: I mean his spirit. As long as he
dialog: pines for...
dialog: (nauseous)
dialog: “being played with," he’1l escape
text: and it’s back to the box for sure.
dialog: But I, oh prickly one, have a
dialog: devilish idea...
text: Woody sits despondently on his pile of merchandise.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Who am I fooling? This is
dialog: hopeless.
dialog: (to skylight)
dialog: So long, Andy.
text: Woody puts his head in his hands. The Prospector and Senorita
text: Cactus walk up behind him.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Woodrow, old chum, are you still
dialog: pining for those unsophisticated
dialog: baubles?
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: You mean my friends?
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Woody, old bean, those tasteless
dialog: trinkets obviously didn’t
dialog: appreciate the value of a true
dialog: antique like yourself...
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Don’t call me that!
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: What? Antique? Why, you say that
dialog: like it’s a bad thing! The Mona
text: Lisa and Ming vases are antiques.
dialog: People treasure then!
speaker_heading: WooDY
dialog: Andy treasured me.
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: How quaint. That’s what Bullseye
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Bullseye, why don’t you tell Woody
dialog: about when you were "played with?"
text: Bullseye looks away, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: I know why. He’s too ashamed! He
dialog: had a little boy, just like your
dialog: Danny fellow...
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Andy.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: «.-and you know what he did? He
dialog: threw our poor, poor Bullseye away!
dialog: One day in 1959, his dad brought
dialog: home a hula hoop. The kid got
dialog: hooked... and Bullseye...
dialog: (melodramatic)
dialog: was never played with again!
text: Bullseye hangs his head, slinks away.
scene_heading: : SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: Didn’t you say Danny, or whatever
dialog: his name is... had a... video game?
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Oh my friend, it’s already over!
dialog: Video games are the hula hoops of
dialog: the nineties! Soon he’ll discover
dialog: comic books, rock and roll, and
dialog: finally...
text: Senorita Cactus bats her eyelashes in a flirtatious way.
text: mimics a kiss.
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: You’re already history, man!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (despairing)
dialog: I don’t want to hear any more.
text: The Prospector smiles, puts his arm around Woody.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Yes, Cactus, enough of your
text: depressing drivel dravel. Woody
dialog: needs some good news!
text: The Prospector opens up a large book titled "Collectible
text: Book." He peers inside the book.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Here you go Woody, you’re up
dialog: fourteen percent this month!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: What are you talking about?
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: Nothing that concerns a mere “toy”
dialog: like yourself. We’re looking you
text: up in the price guide.
speaker_heading: : wooDY
dialog: What price guide?
scene_heading: PROSPECTOR .
text: The collectible toy price guide.
dialog: But you wouldn’t want to see how
dialog: much you’re worth. It’d be too
dialog: great a shock.
dialog: 26
dialog: She
dialog: Toy Blue
dialog: 27
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: . WOODY
dialog: (interest slightly piqued)
dialog: Let me see.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Well, if you’re sure you can handle
dialog: it, I guess so...
text: He holds the book up to Woody’s face. Woody peeks inside.
speaker_heading: wooDY
dialog: I’m worth that much?!
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Oh no, my good man, that’s without
dialog: your hat. With your hat, you’re
dialog: worth this much.
dialog: (points)
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Pull my string!
text: Woody can’t speak. His head reels, his hat falls off. The
text: Prospector and Senorita Cactus jump for the hat.
speaker_heading: ~~ PROSPECTOR
dialog: (snaps fingers)
dialog: Cactus, fluff the man’s pillows!
text: Senorita Cactus rushes over with Woody’s pillow, fluffs it.
text: Woody leans back on it, stares at his price in the price guide,
text: Woody shows a slightly bemused smile. The Prospector and Cactus
text: grin devilishly at each other.
text: Woody goes back to the merchandise on the floor, blankly stares
text: at it, looks at the skylight and SIGHS, picks up the merchandise,
text: and puts it back on the display.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AL’S TOY BARN - NIGHT
text: Rex, Potato Head, Hamm, Slinky, and finally Buzz arrive outside
text: the electric eye door ‘to Al's Toy Barn. They run from the spot
text: that activates the door to the door itself, but it closes on
dialog: then.
text: They finally leave Slinky’s back end at the activation spot. The
text: door opens, the toys slip in, and they yank Slinky quickly
text: through the closing door.
dialog: yr
dialog: 28
scene_heading: INT. AL’S TOY BARN = CONTINUOUS
text: A giant toy supermarket. The lights are dimming. They hear
text: footsteps.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Where do we hide? Where do we
dialog: nide?
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: What do you mean, "where do we
dialog: hide?" It’s a toy store!
text: They fall limp as a SECURITY GUARD passes and exits the building.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (calls)
dialog: I’m locking up. Good night, Al.
text: The guard turns the main lights off and exits. The teys scope
text: the place; there’s no one around. Al’s huge Toy Barn is a world
text: unto itself. The shelves are skyscraper size, the lights above
text: are like stars, It’s dark and creepy. Everyone looks up,
text: awestruck at the shelves of lifeless toys in boxes.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: This place is giving me the
dialog: willies.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: You think Woody’s up there? I hope
dialog: we don’t have to open all those boxes.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Al sure has a big bedroom!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: What are you talking about? This
dialog: isn’t his bedroom! That's his
dialog: bedroon!
text: Hamm points to an ajar office door that reads "President’s
text: Office." There’s a light coming from the office.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: I bet he’s in there with Woody
text: Playing cowboys and indians.
text: Rex, Potato Head, Hamm and Slinky rush toward the office door.
text: Buzz stays behind, staring awestruck up at an aisle.
dialog: yn"
dialog: 29
scene_heading: AT AL‘S OFFICE DooR
text: Rex, Potato Head, Hamm and Slinky hide behind the door and peek
text: through the crack. Inside, Al is on the phone. By the door sits
text: Al‘’s open duffel bag.
speaker_heading: aL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Of course, it’s the authentic first
dialog: edition Woody. I/11 see you at my
dialog: condo at five thirty. Bring your
dialog: checkbook,
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: He doesn’t live here! Woody's
dialog: miles away!
text: Rex grabs a plastic dart gun and some suction cup darts off the
text: nearby shelf.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Let’s kidnap Al! Give him a taste
dialog: of his own medicine!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: We can’t use that. Get rid of it.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: But it’s so pretty!
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: (sotte)
dialog: Shh, I’ve got it all figured out.
dialog: We get into that bag, and I bet
dialog: tubby brings us right home to
dialog: Woody! Any problems with hy plan,
dialog: Buzz? Buzz?
dialog: Buzz isn’t with then.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Now where'd that spaceman get to?
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BUZZ
text: Buzz is awestruck by an aisle full of Buzz Lightyears. They
text: closely resemble Buzz, except these are newer, flashier models
dialog: labeled, “Ultra Buzz Lightyear 2000."
dialog: 30
text: Buzz looks up at hundreds of identical Ultra Buzz Lightyear
text: 2000s. He sees one on display out of his box. This new Buzz is
dialog: shinier, fancier, and has even more buttons than our Buzz.
text: Curious, our Buzz climbs up onto the display and sizes up the new
text: Buzz. He’s about to press one of the new Buzz’s buttons when...
speaker_heading: i ULTRA BUZZ
dialog: Halt!
text: Ultra Buzz grabs our Buz2’s index finger.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (recoils)
speaker_heading: HO-YAAAHH!
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ
dialog: You're in direct violation of code
dialog: zero section seven dash B, stating
dialog: all space rangers are to be in
text: hypersleep until awakened by
dialog: authorized personnel.
text: Ultra Buzz points to the aisle of Buzzes in their boxes.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: oh, no...
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ
dialog: You’re breaking ranks, Ranger. You
dialog: could jeopardize the entire
dialog: mission...
text: Our Buzz rolls his eyes. He mouths along as Ultra Buzz proudly
dialog: speaks...
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ
text: Right now, poised at the edge of
dialog: the galaxy, Emperor Zurg has been
text: secretly building a weapon with the
dialog: destructive capacity to annihilate
dialog: an entire planet. I alone have
dialog: information that reveals this
dialog: weapon’s only weakness.
text: Buzz stares at this Ultra Buzz, seeing his own reflection in
text: Ultra Buzz’s helmet. Ultra Buzz has the same deluded look in his
text: eyes that our Buzz had when he first "landed" on Andy’s bed.
text: For a moment, Buzz considers whether he should say anything...
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Friend, let me share a little
dialog: Secret with you. Space Ranger,
dialog: you’re not a Space Ranger. You're
text: a toy.
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ
dialog: Akkhh! You‘’ve been brainwashed by
dialog: agents of Zurg!
dialog: Buzz
dialog: (pops open his wings)
dialog: Our wings, they’re plastic. And
dialog: our "lasers"...
text: Buzz hits his laser. Ultra Buzz recoils, doing a triple
text: handspring.
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ
dialog: Has your mind been melded?! you
dialog: could have killed me, Space
dialog: Ranger... or should I say
dialog: "traitor."
text: Ultra Buzz puts his hand to his laser and points it menacingly at
dialog: Buzz. .
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ
dialog: (into wrist communicator)
dialog: Buzz Lightyear to Star Command,
dialog: I’ve got an AWOL Space Ranger...
dialog: Why don’t they answer?
text: Buzz rolls his eyes, starts to walk away. Ultra Buzz is shocked
text: that Buzz walks away from a laser.
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ
dialog: You’re coming with me for court
dialog: marshal!
text: Ultra Buzz lunges at Buzz from the back. They roll around on the
dialog: floor.
text: They roll into the base of another display, jostling it. an
text: Emperor Zurg box falls off the display, breaking open on the
text: floor. An Emperor Zurg doll pulls itself out.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR ZURG
dialog: (cartoony villain voice)
text: Curses! Crashed landed on a
dialog: hostile planet!
dialog: 32
text: Zurg turns and sees the Ultra Buzz. His eyes light up
dialog: (literally).
speaker_heading: EMPEROR ZURG
dialog: I’ve got you now, Lightyear.
dialog: Prepare to die!
dialog: . (cheesy evil laugh)
text: Zurg pulls an "ion ball blaster" {actually an accessory filled
text: with tiny nerf balls) from his bex, attaches it to his back.
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ
dialog: (to Buzz)
dialog: Take cover! He’s got a Zurgotronic
dialog: Ion Blaster!
text: Ultra Buzz pushes Buzz behind Zurg’s box. Zurg begins shooting
text: the nerf balls at Ultra Buzz.
text: AS our Buzz watches, the Ultra Buzz leaps into an acrobatic
text: frenzy, avoiding the balls with backflips, slides and high jumps.
text: Buzz is impressed. Ultra Buzz sees our Buzz stepping out to
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ
dialog: Stay covered! You don’t believe
dialog: you're a space ranger. How can you
dialog: fight with that attitude?! :
text: Ultra Buzz fires his grappling hook onto a low shelf and swings
text: over 2urg.
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ
dialog: You're powerless to stop me, Zurg!
dialog: A Space Ranger fears nothing!
text: Buzz smiles. He’s inspired by the deluded Space Ranger‘s
dialog: confidence!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: of course!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Step aside, let a real hero handle
dialog: this! -
text: Our Buzz confidently walks directly into Zurg’s stream of nerf
text: balls. He LAUGHS as Zurg’s ion balls: bounce harmlessly off his
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ
dialog: What kind of superhuman are you?!
dialog: yo
dialog: ™~
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I’m not a human at all! i'ma toy!
dialog: A cool toy!
text: Buzz walks cooly behind Zurg’s back and pulls out his batteries.
text: Zurg’s "ion blaster" stops firing.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR ZURG
dialog: Tieeee! My ion blaster’s rendered
dialog: useless!
text: Zurg backs away cowardly. Finally, he throws the jon blaster gun
text: at Buzz, then runs off. Buzz smiles at the amazed Ultra Buzz.
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ
dialog: You’ve smitten Zurg with nothing
dialog: but the sheer will to dominate!
dialog: You are the Buzz Lightyear! you
dialog: have a greater knowledge than I can
dialog: ever comprehend.
text: Ultra Buzz and Buzz do the Secret Space Ranger palm press, It’s
text: a moment of macho male bonding.
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ
dialog: I’m going to the Desert of Neptar
dialog: to meditate. Perhaps someday I
dialog: will gain the confidence you
text: display, Space Ranger.
text: Ultra Buzz removes his accessory belt, hands it to our Buzz.
speaker_heading: ULTRA BUZZ .
dialog: I don’t know what you did with your
dialog: accessory belt, but... take mine.
dialog: You’re more deserving of this. Go
dialog: in peace.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (to self)
dialog: Time to get Woody!... in the name
dialog: of the Universe Protection Unit!
text: He bounds down the aisle, finally his old self. Behind him, we
text: see Al walk by, carrying his duffle bag.
scene_heading: ON DUFFLE BAG
text: Rex, Potato Head, Hamm and Slinky are crammed inside. They see
text: Buzz hasn’t noticed them. Rex fires one of his suction cup darts
text: at a large ball on the shelf.
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: ON BUZZ
text: The ball falls, getting Buzz’s attention. Buzz sees Al, and then
text: Rex peeking out from Al’s bag.
text: Buzz bounds toward the bag, re-energized. As Al walks through
text: the electronic door, Buzz takes a flying leap, catapults off the
text: ball, and sails through the doors as they’re closing. He lands
text: perfectly in the bag with a little THUMP. Al looks around.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Gotta get those doors fixed.
scene_heading: ANGLE INSIDE BAG
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Wow Buzz, what happened to you?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
text: (starts, then reconsiders)
dialog: You don’t want to know. Let’s go
dialog: get Woody!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AL’S APARTMENT ~ DISPLAY ROOM - MONTAGE TO MUSIC
text: A) Prospector and Cactus admire themselves in the display case’s
text: reflective surface. Woody rolls his eyes at them in disgust.
text: B) Senorita Cactus stacks Woody’s pillows to form an easy chair
text: for him. Woody considers for a moment, then sits down.
text: C) The Prospector and Cactus play golf with Woody, using Al’s
text: swizzle sticks as putters and an olive as a ball. Bullseye
text: caddies, his feedbag full of "clubs." After Woody putts, the
text: Prospector and Cactus applaud politely.
text: D) Woody walks by the same reflective surface. He notices his
text: reflection and admires himself. He notices a tiny scuff on his
text: chin and starts buffing himself.
text: E) The Prospector and Cactus are buffing themselves in the
text: reflective surface. PAN OVER to Woody, who is buffing himself
text: more intensely than the others, his face gleaming and super-
text: shiny. Woody picks up a Q-tip, starts cleaning his eyes with it.
text: F) Bullseye pushes a game of checkers over to Woody, wanting to
text: play. Woody dismisses him with a wave and turns around to play
text: chess with the Prospector. Bullseye frowns, feelings hurt.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 35
scene_heading: INT. AL’S CAR ~ LATER
text: We hear WIMPED OUT NEW AGE MUSIC playing on the radio. Al
text: pathetically tries to whistle along.
text: TIGHTEN ON: The passenger seat. Al‘s bag is there.
scene_heading: INT. AL’S BAG - CONTINUOUS
text: Rex, Potato Head, Hamm, Slinky and Buzz are cramped inside Al‘s
text: bag. It’s a real tight squeeze. Rex looks panicked. He's
text: hyperventilating, right in Buzz’s face. Buzz’s helmet is steamed
text: up from Rex’s breath.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Rex! You’re fogging up my helmet!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: I can’t help it. The walls of the
dialog: bag are closing in!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DUFFLE BAG
text: The zipper opens. Potato Head’s eye pops up, held by his hand
text: like a periscope.
scene_heading: POTATO HEAD‘’S POV THROUGH FISHEYE LENS
text: The car interior. PAN from the CD player, to the stick shift, to
text: Al’s wide-angle rear end as he squeezes out of the car door.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: What can you make out?
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
text: It’s either the side of a hill...
dialog: or Al’s pants. .
text: Al exits the car.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Alright, boys, this is it. Any
dialog: second now he’ll grab us and take
dialog: us right to Woody. No rieed to
dialog: thank me now for my brilliant plan.
text: ANGLE ON Al as he gets out of the car: He doesn’t grab the bag.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD (0.5S.) .
dialog: Man, Gid ‘ol Potato Head fool this
dialog: sucker!
text: Al closes the door. The bag is still on the seat.
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD (0.5S.)
dialog: Here we go.
text: Al walks away from the car to his high-rise building.
text: ON TOYS INSIDE BAG
text: Potato Head is still holding up his "periscope."
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Yep, any minute now.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: He’s gone, isn’t he.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: He’1ll be back!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CAR SEAT
text: The bag heaves, then zips open. The toys pop out onto the seat.
speaker_heading: TOYS’ POV
text: A huge high-rise looms above them, at least twenty stories. Al
text: enters the building’s outdoor glass elevator. The door closes.
speaker_heading: REX
text: He’s going to his apartment.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Certainly is a small place.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: You idiot, that’s the elevator!
text: The elevator races up toward the top floor.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Of course--a toynapper would have
dialog: to live on the top floor--for
dialog: protection.
text: Buzz pulls on the door handle, but it’s locked. He starts
text: running around the car, pushing buttons and pulling handles.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: yx
text: Buzz flips the
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: BUzzZ
dialog: This vehicle has a complicated
dialog: perimeter security system.
dialog: ' (hits power lock)
dialog: Ahn!
text: switch into UNLOCKED position.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Clever, Al. But not clever enough
dialog: for Buzz Lightyear.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE AL’S BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: Buzz opens the
dialog: Buzz grabs two
text: door, jumps to the curb. The other toys follow.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Blast. There’s too many people
text: using Al’s vertical transporter.
dialog: Hmm... Rex, do you still have that
dialog: suction cup dart gun?
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Sure, but do you think you can
dialog: blast Al from here? It doesn’t
dialog: have a sight.
text: suction cup darts. He scopes the building face.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Stay here while I get Woody and
dialog: don’t move ‘till I return.
text: Buzz makes a dash across the curb to the base of the high-rise.
dialog: cUT To:
scene_heading: INT. AL’S APARTMENT - DISPLAY ROOM - LATER
text: Woody and the Prospector are lounging on their pillows. Senorita
text: Cactus gives Woody a backrub as Woody tells a story. Woody has
text: adopted an "old boy" accent.
speaker_heading: . WwoODY
dialog: So then he says, "How dare you open
dialog: a spaceman’s helmet? My eyeballs
dialog: could’ve been sucked from their
dialog: sockets!"
text: Woody and the Prospector lean in toward each other and give a
text: clenched teeth LAUGH.
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: What a ninny! Are all the toys
dialog: back at your old room as positively
dialog: buffoonish?!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh dear me, yes. Frankly, it got
dialog: so that I had to walk out on the
text: roof just to escape their shenanigans.
dialog: That’s how I got here.
text: The Prospector and Senorita Cactus APPLAUD politely. Bullseye
text: walks over.
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: They sound like regular toys to me.
text: Woody condescendingly puts his arm around Bullseye.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: They’re just not like us.
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: But a few days ago you said...
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Don’t be such a pill. Honestly, |
dialog: B.E., I believe it was you who
dialog: said, "Accept it, you’re a
dialog: collectible." Well I have, and I’m
dialog: loving every minute of it!
text: They hear Al’s footsteps approaching the door.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (snaps fingers)
dialog: People! Places, places!
text: The toys jump in place. Al pushes a portable wet bar into the
text: room, followed by three chic, artsy-fartsy New York
text: sophisticates, EMERSON, QUENTIN, and THEATRICA. They all wear
text: black turtlenecks.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: So when I heard you were opening a
dialog: Museum of Fifties Objects...
speaker_heading: EMERSON
dialog: We prefer "M.O.F.0."
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: ++I said, "Finally, an institution
dialog: worthy of my time and talents!"
dialog: 39
text: Al puts his finger on wall switch.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, prepare to
dialog: have your silk socks knocked off.
text: Al flips the switch. We hear the disco version of ALSO SPRACHT
text: ZARATHUSTRA booming over the speaker system. Al flicks another
text: switch. The "Woody’s Roundup" display lights up dramatically.
text: More lights flick on, illuminating "Woody’s Roundup" posters on
text: the walls. When the Smarmy New Yorkers see Woody, they nearly
text: swoon.
speaker_heading: EMERSON
dialog: Exquisite!
speaker_heading: THEATRICA
dialog: Transplendant!
speaker_heading: QUENTIN
dialog: Mommy...
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: (self-absorbed)
text: An authentic Woody, with original
text: real-string, non injection molded
dialog: hat with hand-stitched band! If
dialog: you use a loupe, you can see how
dialog: they missed a stitch on the...
text: The New Yorkers blow past Al. When they see Woody, they fall to
dialog: their knees.
speaker_heading: QUENTIN
dialog: Pinch me! Have I died and gone to
dialog: fifties heaven?!
speaker_heading: EMERSON
dialog: Not I. At this moment, I feel more
dialog: alive than I’ve ever been!
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Wait, there’s more. Feast your
dialog: ears on this! .
text: Al pulls Woody’s string.
scene_heading: WOODY’S VOICE Box
dialog: There’s a snake in my boots!
text: The New Yorkers CHUCKLE WRYLY.
dialog: ~
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: EMERSON
dialog: Ah yes, a pithy reference to the
dialog: cultural climate of Woody’s 1950s
dialog: America.
speaker_heading: THEATRICA
dialog: The "boots" being postwar America
text: threatened from within by the "snake"
text: that was Kruschev’s red menace.
dialog: (to Al)
dialog: Al, do you agree?
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: I... don’t wear boots.
text: They look at Al oddly.
scene_heading: CUTAWAY TO: EXT. SIDE OF AL’S APARTMENT BUILDING
scene_heading: SFX: SPLOOF... SPLOOF
text: Buzz is climbing the building using suction cups. Buzz pulls out
text: each cup and SLAPS it an inch higher on the building. The WIND
text: HOWLS as Buzz looks down, sees his feet dangling above tiny cars
text: on the street.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: It’s true! They really do look
dialog: like toys from up here.
text: Suddenly, the brick facing cracks and comes loose. Buzz plummets
text: down the side of the building.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Aaaaa...
text: The ground is rushing up at Buzz. In desperation, Buzz slams
text: both suction cups onto a passing window. Buzz slides down the
text: window, clinging as the suction cups SCREECH on the pane of
text: glass. The friction slows Buzz down, and he comes to a stop.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Now I know how a real space ranger
dialog: feels. -
dialog: (to sky)
dialog: To infinity, and...
speaker_heading: PIGEON (0.S.)
dialog: (coos) |
text: CAMERA TILTS UP AWAY FROM BUZZ. We hear an 0.S. SPLAT as
text: something hits Buzz’s helmet. Buzz climbs up into frame with a
text: glop of white stuff on his helmet.
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Steady, Ranger. No matter how bad
dialog: it gets, remember poor Woody’s got
dialog: it ten times worse.
scene_heading: BACK TO: INT. AL’S APARTMENT = DISPLAY ROOM
text: Quentin fawns over Woody, stroking his head with white gloves.
text: Al is still schmoozing the New Yorkers.
speaker_heading: QUENTIN
dialog: We must have this for the nuseun!
dialog: But... how does one even begin to
dialog: put a price on this masterpiece?
speaker_heading: AL
text: One... looks in the price guide.
text: A greasy smile spreads over Al’s face. Quentin examines Woody.
speaker_heading: QUENTIN
dialog: Whatever your price, we’re willing
dialog: to pay top dollar...
dialog: (sees boot, gasps)
dialog: Graffiti! Graffiti!
dialog: (squeals)
dialog: Someone’s defaced Woody!
speaker_heading: EMERSON
dialog: The name of the demoén is... Andy.
speaker_heading: THEATRICA
dialog: When will parents teach their
dialog: children a toy is not something to
dialog: be played with?
text: The New Yorkers start to walk out. Al panics.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: I’1l knock off fifteen percent!
text: Quentin spins around, wearing a satisfied grin.
speaker_heading: . QUENTIN
dialog: You drive a hard bargain...
text: Quentin holds out his wimpy hand. Al.gives him a gusto
text: handshake, visibly hurting Quentin.
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: THEATRICA
dialog: First let’s call the airline to get
dialog: a ticket for the display. We’1l
dialog: make "Woody’s Roundup" the museum
dialog: centerpiece. It/’ll be bigger than
dialog: King Tut!
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Hope s0. I never even heard of
dialog: that toy.
text: Al and the New Yorkers exit to the front room. The Prospector,
text: Senorita Cactus start dancing. Woody looks at the word "Andy"
text: written on his boot, and tries to rub it off.
scene_heading: PROSPECTOR/SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: (chanting)
dialog: We’re going to New York...
text: TILT UP TO SKYLIGHT OVERHEAD
text: Buzz’s head peers down from the skylight.
scene_heading: EXT. AL’S APARTMENT BUILDING - ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: Buzz runs his hands around the perimeter of the skylight.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Hmm... some form of synthetic
dialog: glass.
text: Buzz looks around the roof, sees an old tin can with opened lid.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Ah.
text: Buzz grabs the can, carefully cuts a small hole in the
text: plexiglass. Buzz removes it, then pulls out his grappling hook
text: and fastens it onto the lip of the skylight. Buzz starts to
text: lower himself down into Al‘s apartment.
scene_heading: INT. AL’S APARTMENT - DISPLAY ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody and Senorita Cactus are still dancing. Woody dances to the
text: hi-fi and stops the music.
dialog: wooby
dialog: Well old sports, we’re off to Gothan
dialog: and guess who’s the reason? Moi!
dialog: (smarmy laugh)
dialog: _ Anywho... I just want you guys to
dialog: know that I love ya. And I mean
dialog: that.
dialog: The Prospector
dialog: 43
text: and Senorita Cactus APPLAUD.
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: (frustrated, under breath)
dialog: Sheeze, how collectible can you
dialog: get?!
text: As Woody blabbers on, none of the collectible toys see what’s
text: coming down from above. It’s Buzz, lowering himself from the
dialog: skylight using
text: Woody chuckles
text: there, smiling
text: They embrace,
dialog: wipe it off.
text: Bullseye’s jaw
dialog: double check.
text: his retractable string and grappling hook.
speaker_heading: WooDY
dialog: If Andy’s toys could see me now,
dialog: they wouldn’t even recognize me.
dialog: Why if Buzz were here, you know
dialog: what he’d say?
dialog: (mimics Buzz)
dialog: “Congratulations, Woody. It’s been
dialog: an honor serving you."...
text: and turns to his side. Buzz is standing right
dialog: at hin.
speaker_heading: WooDY
dialog: (to Buzz)
dialog: Isn’t that right, Buz2?...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: BUZZ!!!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Woody!
text: Woody gets some bird doo on his cheek. He doesn’t
text: drops. He stares in amazement, blinks his eyes to
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: (in shock)
dialog: He came? He actually came.
speaker_heading: WoOoDY
dialog: How did you... when did ‘you...
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Al brought me here!
dialog: woopy :
dialog: Really? You‘re a collectible too?
dialog: 44
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: (re: Buzz)
dialog: Ahem. What, pray tell, is that?!
speaker_heading: WwoOoDY
dialog: Oh right, where are my manners?! I
dialog: haven’t even introduced you to "the
dialog: family."
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Family?
speaker_heading: wooDYy
dialog: Sure, these are all part of my
dialog: roundup! That’s Bullseye, and this
dialog: is Senorita Cactus and the
dialog: Prospector.
text: Buzz holds out his hand. The Prospector looks at Buzz’s filthy
text: hand. He does not shake it.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: (condescending)
dialog: Charmed.
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: (luke-warm)
dialog: You must be Buzz Lightweight. One
dialog: of Woodrow’s friends from the
text: ‘burbs.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: How cute. A battery-operated
text: plastic robot.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I believe you mean a self-powered
dialog: poseable Space Ranger action
dialog: figure. Watch.
text: Buzz hits his voice activation button.
speaker_heading: BUZZ’S VOICEBOX
dialog: Buzz Lightyear to the Rescue!
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: Why, how... mildly amusing! So
dialog: tell me, boy, how much are you
dialog: worth?
dialog: Buzz
dialog: Worth? I don’t follow you...
dialog: ys
dialog: 45
text: The Prospector and Senorita Cactus LAUGH heartily. Woody looks
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: (under breath, to Cactus)
dialog: Check the price guide.
dialog: {to Buzz)
dialog: Stand back, boy. You’re getting
text: bird roughage on Woodrow.
text: Woody looks uncomfortable. He quickly buffs the dirty spot on
dialog: nis cheek.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Woody, I’ve come to...
text: As Buzz gestures out the window, he accidentally flings a little
text: dirt on Senorita Cactus.
speaker_heading: wooDyYy
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Buzz, you're making a spectacle.
text: Senorita Cactus looks up from the price guide.
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: He isn’t even IN the price guide!
dialog: Who is this imposter?!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I told you, I’m Woody’s best
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (nervous, backpedals)
dialog: Well actually... We just sort of
dialog: “worked together."
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Of course you’re my best friend.
dialog: We've been through so much!
dialog: Remember Pizza Planet?!
speaker_heading: : PROSPECTOR *
dialog: Pizza Planet? Sounds like a four
dialog: star establishment.
dialog: (he and Cactus laugh)
speaker_heading: BUZZ :
dialog: if I didn’t know better, I’d say
dialog: you're ridiculing me.
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: : PROSPECTOR
dialog: That’s okay, Mister Lightfinger,
dialog: I’m sure you don’t know better!
dialog: (laughs)
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: You are the strangest toys I’ve
dialog: ever seen.
dialog: (proudly to Woody)
dialog: Woody, I come to liberate you from
dialog: the clutches of...
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (condescending)
dialog: Buzz, Buzz, Buzz... you really
dialog: should’ve called first.
text: Bullseye is shocked. His head goes back and forth as he watches
dialog: the following conversation.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: What are you talking about?
dialog: woody
dialog: Look around, who would want to
dialog: leave all this?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: All this junk? Come on, let’s go
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: WwoOoDY
dialog: Iam home! I’ve grown up. I'ma
dialog: collector’s item now. I’ve
dialog: graduated to a whole new plane of
dialog: existence!
text: Buzz is speechless.
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: I can’t believe this! Buzz risked
dialog: everything and you’re turning your
dialog: back on him? Woody, what’s
dialog: happened to you? .
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: What's happened to me?. It was a
dialog: wise old horse who said,
dialog: “Concentrate on what you have and
dialog: forget the past." Well, guess
dialog: what? I’m taking your advice!
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: You've changed. I liked the old
dialog: Woody better.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Enough! Woody, I’m taking you back
text: to Andy’s.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh sure! And while you’re at it,
dialog: why not use the Hope Diamond for a
dialog: game of marbles?! Why not write
dialog: your shopping list on the Mona
dialog: Lisa?! Why not install track
text: lighting on the ceiling of the
dialog: Sistine Chapel?! I mean, think of
dialog: the thousands of people who'll miss
text: out on seeing "Woody’s Roundup"
dialog: together again! Think of the loss
dialog: to world culture! For once in your
dialog: life, Buzz, think of something
dialog: other than yourself!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: YOU... ARE... A... TOY! You’re not
dialog: a piece of art! You’re a child’s
dialog: plaything!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I am a "plush voice-activated
dialog: collectible."
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: You’re a complete lunatic! I am
dialog: rescuing you from this strange
dialog: alternate universe, and there is
dialog: not a thing you can do about it!
text: Woody pushes the "retract" button on Buzz’s grappling device ana
text: Buzz goes shooting back up toward the skylight.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Have a nice trip, spaceman.
text: Just then we hear a SQUEAL OF GLEE from the front room. Al runs
text: in, holding a check. He kisses it and pours himself a cocktail.
text: ABOVE Buzz hears a SNAP from inside his grappling hook device.
text: It's broken; Buzz panics as he falls straight for Al’s head.
text: Buzz frantically BANGS on the broken grappling device. He gives
text: up and tries to stop his fall by grabbing the rope. Buzz rope-
text: burns his hands but manages to stop the fall--an inch above Al’s
dialog: head.
dialog: -y-
dialog: 48
text: BELOW Al holds his cocktail up, gazes at Woody and raises a
dialog: toast.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: A toast! To the one who made it
dialog: all possible... Me!
text: Al tosses back his drink, then picks up Bullseye, The Prospector
dialog: and Senorita Cactus.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: {eyeing each toy)
dialog: Now which one of you shall I pack
dialog: first? My new Maserati? My condo
dialog: in the Hamptons? Or my trip to
dialog: Bora Bora?
text: Al grabs a cocktail napkin and wipes his sweaty bald pate. Buzz
text: INHALES as Al’s pudgy fingers barely miss hin.
text: Then Al grabs a packing box and packs Bullseye inside. Emerson’s
text: voice comes from the living room.
speaker_heading: EMERSON (0.S.)
dialog: Al, babe. You can finish that
dialog: later. What say we celebrate over
dialog: a bite?
text: Al heads to the door. Buzz breathes a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: EMERSON (0.S.)
dialog: I was thinking of that adorable
dialog: little sashimi place around the
dialog: corner.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Oh. Of course. I’m normally not
dialog: big on italian food, but whatevah!
text: Al exits the display room. The collectible toys spring to life.
text: Woody doesn’t notice that Buzz is still in the room.
speaker_heading: wooDY
dialog: What a goof! Guess ol’ Woody finally
dialog: got the best of ol’ Plastic Slacks.
dialog: 49
text: Woody is interrupted by the high-pitched WHIR of a spool
text: unraveling. Woody looks up.
text: WOODY’S POV LOOKING DIRECTLY OVERHEAD
text: Buzz is racing down at him, the retractor string unraveling at
text: high speed.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Aaahhhhhh!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Aaahhhhhh!
text: WHAM! Buzz crashes right down on Woody and tackles him. Woody
text: and Buzz roll around on the display pillows, each trying to pin
text: the other one down.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Sorry cowboy. Someone’s got to
dialog: save you from this weird toy cult.
text: Woody runs away. TRACK WITH WOODY as he suddenly jerks. His
text: legs are spinning, but he’s actually moving slowly backwards.
text: Woody looks behind himself in horror.
text: WIDEN TO REVEAL Buzz is holding the ring on the end of Woody’s
text: pullstring. The pullstring is maxed out. As it slowly retracts,
text: Woody is pulled backwards toward Buzz.
scene_heading: WOODY’S VOICE BOX
dialog: (slowed down)
dialog: There’s--there’s a sn-sn-snake in
dialog: my...
dialog: (record scratch)
dialog: ...favorite deputy!
text: Buzz holds onto the string with one hand, and spins Woody with
text: the other, tying Woody up by his own pullstring.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Help! Al!!
text: Buzz removes Woody’s bandanna and gags Woody with it. He drags
text: Woody to his waiting retractable string. He climbs to the
text: skylight, hauling the sguirming Woody with him. Once he’s safely
text: out of reach, the Prospector speaks up.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Cad! Don’t make me get my dander
dialog: up, or I’ll...
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Or you’ll what?
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Or I’11 have the cactus rough you
dialog: up!
scene_heading: EXT. AL‘S APARTMENT BUILDING ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: Buzz drags Woody across the roof. Woody is kicking and screaming
text: through his bandanna gag. He drags Woody to the edge where he
text: left his suction cups.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Woody, what has gotten into you?
text: He hoists Woody onto his shoulder and leans over the edge of the
text: roof. Woody sees this; his eyes go wide. He flails about and
dialog: shouts... .
speaker_heading: wooDYy
dialog: (panicking through gag)
dialog: Wuuhh mmmph uzz follywof...
dialog: Buzz
dialog: You expect me to believe that?
dialog: What could you possibly see in
dialog: those demented toys?
text: Buzz steps out onto the suction cup, holding Woody on his back.
text: Woody sees the tiny cars on the street below, panics more.
speaker_heading: wooDy
dialog: (hysterical)
dialog: Frakcen uulp thwoopa fumff!
speaker_heading: BUZZ .
dialog: I don’t buy it! Those collectibles
dialog: don't care about you! As soon as
dialog: your blue book value drops, they’11l
dialog: @rop you.
text: Buzz puts his other foot on the other suction cup. The cup comes
text: loose and falls off the side of the building. Buzz scrambles
text: back onto the roof. He and Woody stand face to face on the roof.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Blast! Al wouldn’t have a suction
dialog: cup collection in there, would he?
text: Woody is silent. Buzz undoes Weody’s gag.
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: . wooDY
dialog: Help!!!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I‘ll take that as a "no." That‘s
dialog: alright, we’ll find another way to
dialog: get home to Andy.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Andy? So he can toss me out, like
dialog: Bullseye’s kid? Collectibles never
dialog: get thrown away!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: That’s enough! You see this?
text: Buzz grabs Woody’s boot and shows him the name “Andy.”
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: This is a badge of honor! That
dialog: name on your boot means a kid loves
dialog: you. That’s not something you can
dialog: erase.
text: Woody leoks at his boot with guilt. "Andy" is faint but still
dialog: there.
text: Just then the Prospector and Senorita Cactus emerge from the
text: skylight, huffing and puffing up Buzz’s string.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: See here, you battery-operated
dialog: bourgeois bauble, that’s my
dialog: property!
text: Woody incredulously mouths the word "property?"
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: Untie him, you ruffian. Al‘s
text: coming home soon.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: (to Woody)
dialog: Is that what you want?
dialog: (Woody says nothing)
dialog: Very well, I’m terminating this
dialog: conversation. Go, be valuable.
text: Buzz unties Woody. Woody hesitates. He doesn‘t know what to do.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Ta ta, Flash Gordon.
dialog: 52
text: Woody starts to slink toward the skylight. As Woody scratches
text: his head in confusion, his hat falls off. The wind picks it up,
text: swirling it around in the air.
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: (shrieks)
dialog: Your mint condition hand-laced hat!
dialog: Catch it!
text: Woody leaps for the hat, but it flies over the side of the
text: building and lands precariously on the tip of a horizontal
text: flagpole. The hat is dangling twenty stories above the street.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh great!
dialog: (smiles at Buzz insincerely)
dialog: Buzz, we both know I can’t risk
dialog: scuffing myself. Be a chum and
dialog: fetch my hat.
speaker_heading: BUZZ .
dialog: A Space Ranger doesn’t "fetch." If
dialog: being a museum piece is so
dialog: important, ask one of your friends
dialog: to help you.
text: Woody turns to the Prospector.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Surely you jest. I’d ruin ny
dialog: finish. Woody, how could you be so
dialog: sel fi sh? 1
text: Woody considers, then climbs out on the rickety flagpole. He
text: inches his way toward the hat, hanging high above the street.
text: Just as Woody is about to grab it, the hat blows off. Woody
text: lunges for it but misses, and loses his balance.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Noooo!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The hat!
text: Woody grabs the end of the flagpole with one hand and is left
text: hanging over the street. He doesn’t have the hat.
speaker_heading: WwoOoDY
dialog: Help...
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Risk scuffing my sheen for a nere
dialog: . *Hatless Woody’?! Well, I never!
dialog: 53
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: Might as well just let go! You’re
dialog: worthless now. Worthless!
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Never liked you anyway. You have
dialog: an attitude problem!
text: Woody looks at them in shock. His hand slips off the pole.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz! Buzzzzz!!!
text: Woody falls. Buzz springs into action, jumping out onto the
text: flagpole and flipping like he did in Al’s Toy Barn. He leaps out
text: to the end of the pole, grabs Woody and brings him safely to the
dialog: roof.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Hmph. Shouldn’t have bothered.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, really?
text: As Woody steps up to the roof, we see the hat is caught on one of
text: his spurs. Woody triumphantly puts the hat back on. Woody
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: (suddenly friendly)
dialog: Woodrow, old bean, thank heaven
dialog: you’re okay!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Out of my way, you dusty old
dialog: relics. You’re the most worthless
dialog: valuables I’ve ever met.
speaker_heading: . PROSPECTOR
dialog: Come back here! You‘re a
dialog: collectible!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Yeah, right. What am I, Buzz?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: You are a toy!
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: How nauseating.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: ‘
dialog: .
dialog: o~
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: wooDYy
dialog: Come on, Buzz, let’s go back to
dialog: Andy’s.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: So long suckers!
dialog: (looks at skylight)
dialog: So long Bullseye!
dialog: (stops, considers)
dialog: Bullseye!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: What about Bullseye?
speaker_heading: wooDYy
dialog: We can’t leave yet, Buzz. There’s
dialog: something I have to do first.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AL’S APARTMENT BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: Potato Head, Hamm, Rex and Slinky are still hiding in the hedge.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: I wonder how Buzz is doing.
text: Just then Buzz‘’s suction cup comes plummeting down. It lands on
text: Potato’s Head.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: My official guess: not good.
text: DING. The elevator opens, we see Al and the New Yorkers walk out
dialog: of the elevator. :
speaker_heading: aL
dialog: Of course I can deliver the display
dialog: tonight, Theatrica. I’m a "can do"
dialog: guy!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: it’s the toynapper! And his
dialog: henchmen! .
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: How do you know they’re henchmen?
speaker_heading: RAMM
text: Obvious. Black turtlenecks.
text: Al and the New Yorkers exit.
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: That’s it. We’ll have to take that
dialog: elevator. It’s the only way we can
dialog: save Buzz. .
text: The toys see no one is around. They make a mad dash into the
text: elevator. They stand inside, waiting for something to happen.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: I think it’s broken.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Maybe the batteries ran out.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: You gotta push a button!
text: The toys stack on top of each other. Rex ends up on top, but
dialog: can’t quite reach.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: I need a hand.
text: Mr. Potato Head removes his left arm and hands it up the stack to
text: Rex. Now Rex has an arm extension. Using Potato Head’s arm, Rex
text: pushes all the buttons, and the elevator starts rising.
speaker_heading: ANDY‘S TOYS
dialog: Yay!
text: The toys topple over.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AL’S APARTMENT - DISPLAY ROOM - LATER
text: Buzz is lowering Woody on his grappling hook string into Al’s
text: dark display roon. . .
text: Woody runs past Al‘s cocktail cart to Bullseye’s packing box and
text: opens the foam packing. Bullseye’s surprised to see hin.
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: W-Woody! What the heck you doin’?
speaker_heading: wooDy
dialog: Escape number four hundred and
dialog: twenty one! Come on, Bulls.
text: Woody takes Bullseye over to Buzz’s waiting rope and attaches
text: Bullseye securely to the hook. Woody motions for Buzz to pull
text: them both up, quick.
dialog: —_— — aoe
dialog: 56
text: We hear Al‘’s KEY UNLOCKING the front room door.
text: Buzz starts to haul them up. Woody breathes a SIGH of relief.
text: Suddenly the display room’s heating grate SHAKES, BENDS, then
scene_heading: FALLS OFF.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: (echoing through air vent)
dialog: What’s going on up there? I can’t
dialog: see in the dark...
text: Suddenly Hamm, Rex, Slinky, then Potato Head, spill out of the
text: air duct onto the floor.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Guys! Guys!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How did you...
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
text: Found an open heating vent in the
dialog: hallway. Clever, huh?
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: We're here to rescue you!
speaker_heading: WOODY .
dialog: You came all the way here for ME?!
text: We hear the front room door SLAM. Al/’s footsteps approach.
dialog: woopy
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: Great! Now let’s go! Move it
dialog: people! Don’t have all day...
text: Woody motions them over to the grappling hook.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: What’s the matter? Ain’t you happy
dialog: to see us?
speaker_heading: . WOODY
dialog: (frenzied)
dialog: Can’t explain! Gotta go! Climb on
dialog: this line! of
text: We hear a key UNLOCKING the display room’s deadbolt.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Woody! For Pete’s sake, show some
dialog: gratitude!
dialog: N\
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: Get on the linet
text: The toys grab the line. Above them, Buzz STRAINS with all his
text: might to haul Hamm, Rex, Potato Head, Slinky, Woody and Bullseye
text: up to the skylight. Buzz can barely move it.
text: Just then the Prospector and Cactus jump down from the skylight,
text: landing on their pillows. The Prospector and Cactus grab onto
text: Woody’s boots, trying to pull the group down.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: No! That’s our horsey! We
dialog: brainwah... er, befriended him fair
dialog: and square!
text: Woody looks up and sees all this weight is too much for poor Buzz
text: to bear. The rope is slipping down.
text: The knob to the display room door begins to turn.
text: Thinking fast, Woody reaches to Al’s cocktail cart and grabs a
text: plastic drink sword with a maraschino cherry on it. He swings at
text: the Prospector. The Prospector grabs a drink sword with an olive
text: stuck on it, and the two duel.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: I can’t hold it much longer!
text: Buzz is losing his grip. The toys are sliding back down. Woody
text: furrows his brow, lets go of the rope, and falls on his pillow.
speaker_heading: WwooDY
dialog: (falling)
dialog: Goodbye Bullilis!
text: Bullseye looks down, touched by Woody’s show of sacrifice.
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: I’m not leaving without you, Woody.
text: Bullseye lets go, falls. The display room door opens, Al’s hand
text: reaches in, fumbling for the light switch. Bullseye returns to
text: his box as the Prospector and Cactus jump and resume positions.
text: Buzz’s load is suddenly lighter. In one fell swoop, Buzz pulls
text: andy’s toys up through the skylight and onto the roof, where they
text: land in a heap.
text: Al enters, ambles to the display, dyspeptic stomach RUMBLING.
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Raw fish indeed! We’ll see how
text: that maitre ‘d reacts when he hears
dialog: from my lawyer!
dialog: (sees collectibles, brightens)
dialog: Ah! Time to go to New York, my
text: little golden nuggets.
text: Al begins packing the collectibles in their boxes.
scene_heading: EXT. AL’S APARTMENT BUILDING ~ ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: Buzz and the others watch Al through the skylight.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Blast! He’s taking them to those
dialog: museum people. We have to get back
text: down to his car... somehow.
text: Buzz looks across the roof, gets an idea.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Follow me.
text: They follow Buzz to the building’s ledge. They look down, see
text: the sheer drop and the glass elevator several stories below.
text: Directly below them is a swimming pool.
dialog: Buzz
dialog: There’s no other choice. Well
dialog: have to jump for it--
scene_heading: ALL OTHER TOYS
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Did someone cut off the oxygen in
dialog: that helmet?
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Buzz, you know I’m afraid of
dialog: heights! And this is ten times
dialog: higher than andy’s bed!
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: No way, Lightyear! I jump off of
dialog: that and I’11 be one mashed potato!
speaker_heading: BUzz
dialog: (authoritarian)
dialog: I know what I’m doing! We jump on
dialog: the count of three!
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: SLINKY
text: The 01’ Space Ranger’s back.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: One.. two...
text: Buzz pushes Rex off the side of the ledge. Buzz, Slinky, Hann
text: and Potato Head follow.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Aaaaa!
text: After a brief fall, the toys land. Rex opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Hey! That wasn’t so bad.
text: Rex opens his eyes, sees that instead of being on the ground,
text: they’re still several stories up.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Aaaaa!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Shh!
text: Buzz covers Rex’s mouth. Buz2 points downward. The toys have
text: jumped down to the top of the glass elevator, just as Al is
text: getting in. Al holds his packed up display boxes, listening to
text: the HERB ALPERT MUZAK.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Heh heh. Knew it all the time.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE AL’S BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: The elevator stops and Al gets out. Al waddles to his car,
text: starts putting the display boxes in the trunk.
text: Buzz and the other toys hop from the top of the elevator into a
text: hedge. A moment later they peer out from the bottom of the
dialog: hedge. : .
text: Al gets in his car, starts the engine. As Al’s car revs up,
text: Andy’s toys dash for it. Buzz jumps on the bumper and pulis the
text: others up one by one. Rex is the last one; he chases the car as
text: it pulls away. Rex holds out his puny arms.
dialog: Buzz
dialog: Extend your arms!
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: These are my arms!
text: Buzz pulls Rex onto the bumper as Al’s car slowly taxis out of
text: the driveway. Rex looks down, sees the pavement is moving
dialog: faster.
text: The toys BANG on the trunk.
scene_heading: INT. AL‘S CAR - TRUNK ~- CONTINUOUS
text: Woody’s box jostles, bounces. Woody hears the BANGING.
text: A hand bursts out of Woody’s box, starts undoing the wrapping.
scene_heading: EXT. AL’S CAR - REAR BUMPER - CONTINUOUS
text: The trunk pops open, revealing Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I had a feeling it was you. c’mon!
text: He motions for the toys to climb into the trunk. They do.
scene_heading: INT. AL’S CAR - TRUNK - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Come to see us off at the airport?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: We won't let you get there. We're
dialog: going to stop this car.
text: Woody takes off his hat to scratch his head.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: How can a toy stop a two ton car?
text: Woody looks at hat, gets inspired.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Buzz, grab my feet.
text: Buzz doesn’t understand, but holds Woody’s feet and lowers Woody,
text: head first, down to the tailpipe. .
scene_heading: ANDY’S TOY:
dialog: (ad lib) a
dialog: What’s he doing? He’s got a death
dialog: wish. Etc...
dialog: to,
dialog: ~
dialog: 61
text: Woody’s head is just a few inches above the rushing concrete. He
text: tries to shove his hat into Al’s tailpipe. aAs the car swerves,
text: Woody swings back and forth, missing the tailpipe a few times.
text: The car hits a bump. Buzz drops Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Whoocoaa!
text: Woody falls, grabs onto the tailpipe. His feet are dangling less
text: than an inch above the speeding concrete.
scene_heading: WOODY‘S POV - LOOKING AHEAD FROM UNDER CAR
text: An old muffler on the road approaches rapidly. Woody pulls his
text: legs up just as WHOOSH! the muffler flies by underneath.
text: Woody holds on to the tailpipe with one hand. With the other, he
text: removes his hat.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Collect this, Al!
text: Woody crams his hat into the tailpipe.
scene_heading: INT. AL‘'S CAR = CONTINUOUS
text: Al is driving. Suddenly, the car’s engine begins to sputter.
speaker_heading: aL
dialog: Oh no, not now. Not today!
scene_heading: EXT. DINOCO GAS STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: Al’s car lurches into the gas station. Al gets out, closes the
text: door. He hurries to the front and checks under the hood.
text: Meanwhile, Woody hops down from the tailpipe. He removes his
text: charred, blackened hat from the pipe, puts it back on. He hops
text: back up to the trunk. When he gets there, he’s surprised to see
text: Andy’s toys are gone.
scene_heading: INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: The armrest on Al’s back seat is slowly slid out, opening a hole
text: from the trunk to the back seat. Buzz, Rex, Potato Head, Hann,
text: and Slinky slip quietly into the interior of Al’s car.
scene_heading: EXT. DINOCO GAS STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: Al finishes futzing under the hood. He shrugs his shoulders and
text: SLAMS the hood angrily.
dialog: 62
text: Al hurries to his door. As he reaches out to pull the handle, we
text: hear a CLINK of the electronic door lock. Al pulls the handle.
text: It’s locked. al tugs frantically on the door. He can’t see
text: what’s inside because of the tinted windows.
scene_heading: INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Andy’s toys see Al yanking in vain on the door handle. They
speaker_heading: CHEER.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Let’s hear it for Al’s peripheral
dialog: security system!
text: Just then Al reaches down below the car door. He emerges holding
text: a hide-a-key box. He opens the box and removes a spare key.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: This guy’s got everything!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Alright everybody, listen up. Rex,
dialog: get up on the dashboard, Hann, go
dialog: into the wheel well, Slinky, you
dialog: stay on the seat...
text: The toys move into position as...
scene_heading: EXT, DINOCO GAS STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: Al is about to shove the spare key into the lock. The engine
text: STARTS UP. Al scratches his head in bewilderment.
text: The car JERKS forward, then stops. Then it JERKS again.
speaker_heading: aL
dialog: Wha...?
scene_heading: INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Buzz stands on the front seat. Hamm is down by the pedals,
text: leaning against the accelerator.
speaker_heading: . HAMM
dialog: How do you work this?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: It's like the video game. Fire
dialog: thrusters! Full throttle!
text: Hamm belly flops on the accelerator pedal.
dialog: ~
dialog: 63
scene_heading: EXT. DINOCO GAS STATION ~ CONTINUOUS
text: Al approaches the car again. Suddenly the car PEELS OUT. Smoke
text: shoots from the tires.
text: Al SQUEALS in horror.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: My car! My collection!
text: He throws a tantrun, stamping his feet on the pavement.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: No, no, no!
scene_heading: INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Total panic as the toys attempt to drive Al’s car. Hamm leans on
text: the accelerator pedal, Rex stands on the dashboard, fumbling with
text: a@ road map. Buzz holds the left side of the steering wheel while
text: Slinky holds the right. Potato Head is running around the car,
text: pushing buttons wily nily. The CAR ALARM is going off. The
text: wipers are on full blast. The left turn signal is flashing.
text: Through the windshield, we see the car is swerving back and forth
text: as it races down the street. .
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Make a right! No, a... I mean, go
dialog: that way!
dialog: (points left)
text: Buzz pulls the left side of the steering wheel. Slinky’s front
text: end is stretched out to the top of the wheel.
text: The car swerves to the left. Hamm is rolling around in the wheel
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: I can’t control it!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Of course you can. It’s just like
dialog: driving RC!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Then where’s the remote control?!
scene_heading: CAR COMPUTER VOICE .
dialog: Your lights are on!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Aahhh! It’s on to us!
dialog: 64
scene_heading: EXT. DINOCO GAS STATION ~ CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Car thieves! Car thieves!
text: Al looxs around the station, sees a Pizza Planet truck refueling.
text: Al rushes over to the Pizza Planet truck, jumps in and PEELS the
text: truck out.
scene_heading: INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: The car is swerving through traffic. Horns HONK.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Good job, everyone! Maintain your
dialog: positions! Hanm, stay with the
text: thrusters. Slinky, steady course.
dialog: Rex, mind that navigation...
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Hey, what am I, chopped home fries?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Potato Head, you find a good radio
dialog: station.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Hey, how come I get all the hard
dialog: jobs?!
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: Does anybody know where we're
dialog: going?
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: (reads map)
dialog: We should be approaching a big
text: arrow with a giant N above it.
speaker_heading: HAMM
dialog: You idiot, that’s the thing that
dialog: tells you which way is north.
dialog: Where are we now?
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: I can’t tell if we’re in the yellow
dialog: county or the pink county!
dialog: (looks out window)
dialog: It all looks dark to ne!
dialog: 65
scene_heading: INT. AL‘S CAR = TRUNK - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody opens the car trunk an inch, peers out. He sees the Pizza
text: Planet truck approaching. A closer look reveals that Al is at
text: the wheel.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Al! Aww, now what!
text: Woody looks around the trunk, then smiles as he gets an idea. He
text: rips open the "Woody’s Roundup" paraphernalia box.
scene_heading: INT. PIZZA PLANET TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Al is driving frantically. He looks down, sees a pizza box,
text: grabs a slice,
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Common car thieves... People who
dialog: steal stuff should be strung up
dialog: and... What, no cokes?!
text: Al zooms up right behind his car. Suddenly the trunk opens and a
text: "Woody's Roundup" board game box flies out. al SCREAMS as the
text: box breaks open and game pieces, cards and dice fly @irectly into
text: his windshield, scattering in every direction with a CRASH.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Noooo! Not the limited edition
dialog: Woody’s Roundup Board Game!
text: Next, a rack with paint tubes flies out of the trunk. It SMASHES
text: onte Al’s windshield, smearing streaks of paint.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Aagghh! The mint condition
text: "Woody's Roundup" paint set with
dialog: original box! .
text: Finally a vinyl LP rolls out of the open trunk, flipping in the
text: wind and SHATTERING on Al’s windshield.
speaker_heading: AL
text: (whimpers) .
dialog: No! Not "The Four Woodys Sing Cha
dialog: Chai"
scene_heading: INT. AL‘S CAR - TRUNK - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody LAUGHS as he sees the Pizza Planet truck falling far
dialog: behind.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: . WOODY
dialog: Sorry Al! You can’t have me, but
dialog: you can still have your Woody pez
dialog: dispensers!
text: Woody tosses some Woody-shaped pez dispensers out of the trunk.
text: He‘s not watching the Prospector’s and Senorita Cactus’ boxes
text: behind hin.
text: Senorita Cactus rips a hole in her box, struggles wearily to get
text: out. She punches a hole in the Prospector’s box, and he squeezes
text: out of his box. He's panting, out of breath.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: What a workout. I’m simply
dialog: exhausted!
text: Prospector wipes pats beads of sweat off his forehead. Then he
text: sees Woody throwing the merchandise out the trunk.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: You!! What on earth are you doing?
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Giving Al his junk back.
text: (gestures to Pizza truck,
text: then he stops and thinks)
dialog: Wait a minute... If Al is back
dialog: there... then who’s driving the...
speaker_heading: BUZZ (0.S.)
dialog: (from car interior)
dialog: To infinity and beyond!
speaker_heading: wooDy
dialog: Oh--this I gotta see!
text: Woody, the Prospector and Senorita Cactus rush through the
text: armrest hole into the car interior.
scene_heading: INT. AL’S CAR = CONTINUOUS
text: Woody, Prospector and Senorita Cactus climb into the front seat.
text: Woody is shocked to see Andy's toys maneuvering the car.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Wow! Guys, I know you’re going
dialog: stir crazy, but isn’t this a little
dialog: extreme? :
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Why you... upstarts! You curs!
dialog: 67
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: T/1l get ‘en.
text: The Cactus raids the glove compartment and emerges brandishing a
text: metal tire pressure gauge. She starts after Andy’s toys
text: menacingly. Potato Head grabs a Barry Manilow CD from Al’s
text: collection and holds it up like a shield.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Think again, Senorita Stinkweed.
text: WHACK! WHACK! She swings the tire pressure gauge at Potato
text: Head, bashing his “shield.
speaker_heading: POTATO HEAD
dialog: Hah! Missed me, you jojoba-stuffed
dialog: pincushion!
text: Senorita Cactus swings from the other direction, clipping Potato
text: Head on the nose. His nose goes flying, lands in the car
text: ashtray. His nose sneezes, Sending ashes flying.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Crawl back to your boxes, you've
dialog: already lost. You want to know
dialog: why? Because...
text: Woody puts on his hat. It’s a charred mess.
speaker_heading: wooDy
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: I am worthless!
text: andy’s toys APPLAUD. The Prospector and Cactus GASP.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: You... you...
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: ++-etoy? That’s right.
dialog: Just then...
speaker_heading: : REX
dialog: Toll booth!
text: All the toys look up. The car is racing towards a toll booth.
text: Beyond the toll booth is a large bridge.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: What do we do now?!
dialog: ~
dialog: 68
scene_heading: EXT. TOLLBOOTH - MOMENTS LATER
text: From the TOLL TAKER’S viewpoint we see the car coast up. The
text: window rolls down. The toll taker looks in; there are no humans
text: in the car, just lifeless toys. But the dinosaur is leaning out
text: the window with a dollar bill between its teeth. The toll taker
text: grabs the dollar, and the window rolls up. The car drives away.
scene_heading: INT. AL‘S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: The toys spring back to life as the car pulls out onto a large,
text: overhead-girder bridge.
speaker_heading: wooDy
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Pretty good. That gives hin
dialog: something to tell his grandkids.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Woody, look out!
text: Woody turns around, sees the Prospector approaching Woody,
text: holding the car’s Cigarette lighter. It SIZZLES red hot.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Care for a light? In your face?!
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: When we‘re done, all of you will
dialog: look like your hat! No kid/1l ever
dialog: Play with you again!
text: Buzz pulls the steering wheel hard. The car swerves violently,
text: SCRAPING the bridge railing. All the toys are thrown to one side
text: of the car. Woody gets up first, runs away from the Prospector
text: and Cactus.
text: Woody grabs a hold of the fuzzy dice hanging from Al‘s rear view
text: mirror and climbs them to the mirror. He looks back, sees the
text: Prospector and Cactus hot on his trail. He hoists himself up to
text: the open moonroof.
scene_heading: EXT. AL’S CAR ~ ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody crawls up from the moonroof and looks around for a moment.
text: Wind is rushing by. The bridge girders whip overhead.
text: The Prospector and Cactus Pop up and crawl after Woody, still
text: holding the cigarette lighter.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Foolish Woodrow. You had it all,
dialog: but you threw it away!
dialog: yx
dialog: 69
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: Your stupid spaceman had to show up
dialog: and ruin everything!
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Cactus, brand this cowboy!
text: They look at the cigarette lighter. It’s cold. Senorita Cactus
text: rolls the lighter at Woody, knocking him off his knees. Before
text: Woody can right himself, the Prospector and Cactus charge at hin.
text: They grab Woody by the boots, and all three toys wrestle around
text: on the roof of the car.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: This will undoubtedly scuff me, but
dialog: it'll be worth it!
text: The Prospector headbutts Woody. The Prospector and Cactus grab
text: Woody by all fours.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: {to Cactus)
text: Toss him off the bridge.
text: Just then from behind...
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE (0.S.)
dialog: Hold it fellahs. can’t 1 play too?
text: They turn around, see Bullseye Clumsily climbing up from the
text: trunk. In b.g. we see the bridge ending; they're back on land
text: again. In the distance, the Pizza Planet truck appears, gaining
text: on them fast.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Bullseye, get back in your box!
scene_heading: SRTA. CACTUS
dialog: Yeah, what are you doing up here?!
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: Something I should have done a long
dialog: time ago!
text: Bullseye wheels around, lifts his haunches, and with a WHINNY
text: buck-kicks the Prospector and Cactus right off of the car. They
dialog: go flying through the air. -
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR/CACTUS
dialog: Teeee!
speaker_heading: rN
dialog: >
dialog: 70
scene_heading: EXT. PIZZA PLANET TRUCK ~ CONTINUOUS
text: Al is racing in the Pizza Planet truck, gaining on his car.
text: Suddenly he sees two objects fly through the air, then bounce
text: around in the road ahead. al squints his eyes.
speaker_heading: 200M IN
text: It’s his beloved Prospector and Cactus dolls.
dialog: Oooaaagh!
text: Al slams on the brakes. The truck SKIDS to a stop just inches
text: short of the collectible toys. Al jumps out of the truck.
text: Before he gets there, two BOYS on bicycles ride up and pick up
dialog: the toys.
speaker_heading: BOY #1
dialog: Whoa! Look at these lame toys.
speaker_heading: BOY #2
dialog: This one’s got a horseshoe-shaped
text: mark on its butt,
text: Al waddles up, dripping with sweat. He grabs the toys out of
dialog: their hands. :
speaker_heading: aL
dialog: Give me that! Those are MY toys!
speaker_heading: BOY #1
dialog: Finders keepers, fatso!
text: The boys grab the toys back and a tug of war ensues.
dialog: AL :
dialog: Those are mine! Mine! Mine!
text: The kids wrestle the toys out of Al’s hands. They hurry to their
text: bikes as Al throws a TEMPER TANTRUM.
dialog: : AL
dialog: My toys! My toys!
speaker_heading: BOY #2 77
dialog: Sheeze, what kinda old goober still
dialog: Plays with toys?!
text: They ride off on their bikes while Al continues his hissy fit.
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Toynappers! Toynappers!
dialog: {to sky)
dialog: I HATE KIDS!
scene_heading: EXT. AL‘S CAR - ROOF = CONTINUOUS
text: Woody and Bullseye watch Al’s tantrum from the roof of the car.
speaker_heading: WooDY
dialog: Way to go, Bullsie!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: We finally busted out, partner!
text: Woody looks ahead, sees they’re careening down a familiar street.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Andy’s street! Way to go, guys!
scene_heading: INT. AL‘S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody jumps down through the moonroof onto the front Seat,
text: followed by Bullseye. Woody sees Buzz at the wheel.
speaker_heading: woODY :
dialog: Alright, Buzz! Pull over by Andy’s
text: house on the right.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Woody, I know what I’m doing.
text: Andy’s house is on the left.
speaker_heading: wooDy
dialog: Right!
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Left!
text: Buzz and Woody tug on the wheel, swerving the car around in the
text: Street. They let go of the wheel and get into a slap fight,
text: although they’re smiling, delighted to be competitive friends
dialog: once again. .
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Guys, which one is it?
speaker_heading: BUZZ/wooDY
dialog: (beth point to house
dialog: they’re currently passing)
dialog: This one!!!
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: How do we stop this thing?!
text: Rex looks at the gearshift, reads out loud.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Pe-pass. D--depart N--nothing.
dialog: R--return!
text: Rex throws it into reverse.
scene_heading: EXT. ANDY’S STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: CRUNCH! The reverse kicks in big time, trashing the car. The
text: transmission flies out, clanging in the street. All four tires
text: blow out. The side door bends open. The car screeches down the
text: street, spinning around and fishtailing.
scene_heading: INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: All the toys are spun around on the car seat.
speaker_heading: ALL TOYS
dialog: Aaaahh!
scene_heading: EXT. ANDY’S STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: The car skids to a stop against the curb in front of Andy‘s
text: house. The car alarm is going off. Steam shoots from the hood
text: of the trashed car.
scene_heading: INT. AL’S CAR = CONTINUOUS
scene_heading: CAR COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: Your door is ajar.
text: The toys land in a heap in the back seat. They sheepishly look
dialog: around,
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Perfect landing.
text: Woody looks out of the window, sees Andy’s house.
speaker_heading: woOoDY
dialog: Andy’s!
scene_heading: EXT. ANDY’S STREET = CONTINUOUS
text: Woody and Buzz help the toys out of the smoldering car. The toys
text: make a run for Andy’s. Woody and Bullseye lag behind, looking at
dialog: Andy’s house. ~
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hello, you beautiful house!
dialog: Bullseye, you’re gonna love it
dialog: here...
text: Slinky looks up to see Mrs. Davis’ minivan approaching from way
text: down the street.
speaker_heading: SLINKY
dialog: Woody, Andy’s coming hone!
text: Woody looks up, sees the minivan coming closer.
dialog: woopy
dialog: Andy?!
dialog: (excited)
dialog: C’mon Bulis!
speaker_heading: BULLSEYE
dialog: Need a ride, sheriff?
text: Woody’s delighted, hops on Bullseye’s back. Bullseye heels up on
text: his hind legs triumphantly and WHINNIES,
speaker_heading: wooDy
dialog: Uh-um... Hi-yo Bullseye!
text: They ride across the driveway toward the ivy trellis along the
text: side of the garage.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: Sarge is at Andy’s window, looking through binoculars.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Red alert! Red alert! Incoming
dialog: toys! It’s Woody!
text: Bo Peep, Mrs. Potato Head, Rocky, and the other toys WALLAH
text: EXCITEMENT as they climb to Andy’s window. Sarge climbs on the
text: garage roof.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Operation rescue bucket! Code red!
dialog: Move it!
text: Squads of GREEN ARMY MEN march out of “Andy’s window carrying a
text: jumprope tied to their bucket. They lower the jumprope-bucket
text: over the trellis. Woody and Bullseye rendezvous with the other
text: toys at the base of the trellis. They all jump in the bucket.
text: Woody looks up, see Sarge on the roof above.
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Welcome home, SIR!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Sarge?
dialog: (brightens)
dialog: Sarge! Great idea!
text: The minivan pulls in the driveway. Andy gets out, walks toward
text: the front door.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: +-.and we made smores and sang
dialog: songs. Can I go back next week?
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS
dialog: We'll see, sweetie.
text: Andy runs to the front of the house.
text: The toys are being raised in the bucket. on the roof, the entire
text: bucket of Green army Men is Pulling on the jumprope. Sarge turns
text: to the toys gathered at Andy’s window and signals.
speaker_heading: SARGE
text: Mother bird’s returning to the
dialog: nest!
text: The toys in Andy’s window cheer.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Andy excitedly starts up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: Woody, Bullseye, Buzz step on the roof and begin running to the
text: window. Bo Peep and the rest of the toys are waiting with the
text: window open.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Andy's POV as he reaches the second floor and runs to his room.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The toys climb in the window. Bo Peep greets Woody.
speaker_heading: BO PEEP
dialog: Did Buzz give you my message,
dialog: sheriff?
speaker_heading: dA
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: What message?
text: Bo Peep gives Woody a kiss.
dialog: woopy
dialog: (delirious)
dialog: Thank you, Buzz!
text: The toys hear ANDY’S FOOTSTEPS and resume their positions.
text: WHAM! The door opens. Andy bounds in, sees the toys just as he
dialog: left then.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Woody! Buzz!
text: He runs over and picks them up, examines them a moment. He runs
text: his fingers over Buzz‘s scuff mark. Then he checks out Woody ’s
text: @amaged hat, ‘a quizzical look on his face. It’s tense, until...
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I missed you guys.
text: (he hugs them to his chest)
dialog: While you guys were lying around
dialog: all summer, I was at adventure
dialog: camp! JI made a wallet!
text: Andy proudly produces a home-made wallet. then he stops, sees
text: Bullseye laying on the bed. He picks Bullseye up.
text: ANDY .
dialog: Cool! "o
dialog: (calls downstairs)
dialog: Thanks mom!
speaker_heading: MRS. DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: (clueless) .
dialog: You bet, Andy.
text: Andy seats Woody on Bullseye’s back. Woody fits perfectly. Andy
text: pretends to have them ride around on the bed, then walks Buzz up
dialog: to Woody.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (as Woody)
dialog: Hey Buzz, want to go on an
dialog: adventure?
text: Andy presses Buzz’s voice button.
dialog: eo
dialog: 76
scene_heading: - BUZZ VOICE BOX
dialog: There’s a secret mission in
dialog: uncharted space. Let’s go.
text: Andy spreads Buzz’s legs apart and hops him on Bullseye behind
text: Woody. Andy pulls Woody’s string.
scene_heading: WOODY VOICE BOX
dialog: (as if to Buzz)
dialog: Yee-haa! You’re my favorite
dialog: deputy!
text: Andy puts them down and admires his wallet. For a split second,
text: Woody, Buzz and Bullseye give each other a knowing wink and
dialog: smile, as we:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
