dialog: 
speaker_heading: "TRAFFIC"
dialog: By
dialog: Stephen Gaghan
dialog: Based on the miniseries "Traffik"
dialog: By
dialog: Simon Moore
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBUS, OHIO - DAY
text: The state capital of Ohio. It's an impressive building for
dialog: a city this size.
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: COLUMBUS, OHIO - STATE CAPITAL
scene_heading: INT. OHIO STATE SUPREME COURT - DAY
text: In chambers striving for august, JUSTICES listen to a lawyer
text: MR. RODMAN, argue his case before the highest court in Ohio.
text: Mr. Rodman enjoys the sound of his own voice.
speaker_heading: MR. RODMAN
text: This informant, paid by the police,
dialog: using taxpayers dollars to continue
dialog: his felony drug habit, was the link
dialog: which allowed police to raid a private
text: farm. A working farm. A farm where
dialog: honest Americans make their living.
text: One particular justice, ROBERT WAKEFIELD, younger than the
text: others, is clearly bemused by this performance.
speaker_heading: MR. RODMAN
text: The government, in its haste, has
dialog: employed an army of criminals whose
dialog: allegiance to the truth is, at
dialog: best, questionable --
dialog: Judge Wakefield interrupts --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Mr. Rodman...it's too bad your client
dialog: didn't show as much sense in choosing
dialog: what he planted as he did in choosing
dialog: his attorney...
text: A polite chuckle from the justices --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Lately the only variation I'm hearing
dialog: in your argument is the name of the
dialog: client. And you can sit there all
dialog: day arguing the ins and outs of
dialog: Illinois v. Gates, but you aren't
dialog: going to convince me that this country
dialog: has not sanctioned the use of
text: anonymous informants.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Furthermore, there is no sacred
dialog: protection of property rights in the
dialog: United Sates. When you make the
dialog: decision to have marijuana on your
dialog: farm, whether it's one joint or an
dialog: acre of plants, your property can be
dialog: seized and your property can be sold.
speaker_heading: MR. RODMAN
dialog: I'm sorry the court finds my argument
dialog: repetitious.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Mr. Rodman, may I offer a piece of
dialog: advice? The next time you argue
dialog: this point before this court,
dialog: regardless of my whereabouts, I
dialog: recommend you have something up your
dialog: sleeve other than your arm.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT'S CHAMBERS - DAY
text: The office is marble and dark wood. A young CLERK, black,
text: 29, enters carrying an oddly-shaped gift. They both look at
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: What do you think it is?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Depends who it's from.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (reading the card)
dialog: Your friends at Warren, Putnam and
dialog: Hudson.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You can learn a lot about somebody
dialog: from this stuff. Three categories:
dialog: you like me, you hate me, you want
dialog: something from me.
dialog: (re: the elaborate
dialog: box)
dialog: Definitely third category.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: What would a law firm want from the
dialog: new drug Czar?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Depends on the state.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (checks)
dialog: Arizona.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Medicinal marijuana initiative.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Or am I being cynical?
text: They both laugh. Robert reaches up and pulls a bottle of
text: Scotch from a shelf. He pours a couple of fingers in two
dialog: glasses.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Maybe there's a book in it.
text: The clerk takes one of the glasses.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Not by me.
text: They toast and drink.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: Robert exits, trailed by a small group of reporters. He
text: gets into a car being driven by two security TYPES.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - DAY
text: Robert sits in a business class window seat.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: An expensive hotel. Robert Wakefield stands at the window,
text: looking at the view of our nation's capital.
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: WASHINGTON D.C.
speaker_heading: ON THE TABLE
text: The remnants of a meal. It was a steak and a small caesar
text: salad. The wine glass is half-empty.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ON ROBERT
text: In front of the mirror now, trying on a dark, tasteful jacket.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: On Robert in the same position, only now we are in HIS HOME.
text: It's daytime, and his wife BARBARA is helping him into this
text: same jacket. As her hands dust the lint off his shoulders
scene_heading: WE MATCH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: In the hotel rooms, making the same motions. Satisfied, he
text: straightens, then turns to look at himself.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ROBERT
text: Back at the hotel room window now. Reaches to the table and
text: lifts the wine glass.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DIRT ROAD - DAY
text: This is the middle of nowhere. Scrub cactus and dust and a
text: heartless sun.
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: MEXICO - TWENTY MILES SOUTHWEST OF TIJUANA.
text: A broken down-looking Police Sedan is parked on the side of
text: the road. It seems abandoned except there are TWO MEN inside.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE SEDAN - DAY
text: Two Mexican men, State Police officers, JAVIER RODRIGUEZ,
text: 30's, and MANUEL "MANOLO" SANCHEZ, 20's, wearing jeans, knock-
text: off Polo shirts, and cowboy boots, wait patiently in the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: I had that dream again.
text: A long pause.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: Which one?
text: Another long pause.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Where my mother's suffocating.
text: They continue to wait until there is the sound of a JET
text: ENGINE. It grows LOUDER as it approaches.
scene_heading: EXT. THE POLICE SEDAN - DAY
text: The shadow of a large plane crosses the desert floor. Then,
text: an old DC-3 flies fifty feet above the Police Sedan.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE SEDAN - DAY
text: They watch the plane disappear over a small rise in the
text: desert. They look at each other and wait some more.
scene_heading: EXT. MEXICAN DESERT - LATER
text: From the direction of the landing strip, a moving van lumbers
text: down the road, two TEENAGERS in the cab.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE SEDAN - DAY
text: Javi and Manolo watch the moving van approach. Javi reaches
text: under the seat and picks up a bubble flasher. He rolls down
text: the window and plants it on the roof. He flips the switch.
text: Nothing happens. He jiggles the wire and the siren BURPS
text: and the light flashes. Manolo and Javi step from the car,
text: smiling.
scene_heading: EXT. MEXICAN DESERT - DAY
text: The moving van slows to a stop. Javi approaches. The DRIVER
text: unhurriedly rolls down the window.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Is there a problem?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: No. There's no problem.
text: The driver hesitates a confused beat then reaches for his
dialog: wallet.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Okay. I see. How much do you want?
text: The driver pulls a wad of bills. Javi shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You want more than this?
text: Javi shakes his head. The driver exchanges a look with his
dialog: partner.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You want something else?
text: Javi smiles. The driver gets out and walks to the back of
text: the truck. He opens the rear door. There are neatly-stacked
text: crates marked with a SCORPION logo and "911." He reaches
text: into one of them and pulls out a tightly-sealed package also
text: with the scorpion stamped on it. He turns to see Javi with
text: his gun drawn.
text: Manolo, at the passenger side, has also drawn his gun and is
text: motioning the partner to move to the back of the truck.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Drop the package. Put your hands
dialog: behind your head. You're under
dialog: arrest.
text: The driver hesitates. He starts to comply then looks at
dialog: Javi and Manolo.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: I don't understand. I think there
dialog: must be some mistake.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: No, there's no mistake.
text: Javi motions to Manolo who cuffs both teenagers. The driver
text: begins spewing OBSCENITIES under his breath. Javi puts the
text: driver in the front of the Shadow. Manolo follows in the
text: moving van.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. DIRT ROAD - MEXICO - LATER
text: The truck follows the Shadow down a desert road.
text: Suddenly, from behind, four armored SUV's with tinted windows
text: appear, closing fast.
text: The SUV's force both vehicles off the road where they pull
text: to a stop. A long beat as hot wind blows desert detritus
text: past the truck.
text: Finally, the SUV doors open and FEDERAL POLICE OFFICERS
text: surround them like a SWAT team.
text: The passenger door of the lead SUV opens and GENERAL ARTURO
text: SALAZAR, 50's, a squat, powerful presence in a perfectly
text: pressed uniform gets out and approaches Javi.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: (to Javier)
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Javier Rodriguez.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: Well, Javier Rodriguez, you've done
dialog: a very good job, but we'll take care
dialog: of it from here.
text: Javier stares into the implacable reflection of his
text: sunglasses. In the distance, the DC-3 takes off and ROARS
text: over their heads.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: We've been following these Narco-
dialog: trafficantes for some time but had
dialog: not been able to bring them to
dialog: justice.
dialog: (to his men)
text: Put the prisoners in the car.
text: Impound the truck.
text: The men follow Salazar's orders.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: (to Javi)
dialog: One question. How did you find about
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
text: An informant.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: What is the name of your informant?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: (beat)
text: It was an anonymous tip.
text: Salazar looks at Javi a beat.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: For a State Police officer, you're
dialog: very well informed. Let's go.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Javi and Manolo watch the convoy of
text: vehicles drive away.
text: Javier lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: Wasn't that General Salazar?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: What's he doing up here?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: I don't know. Something.
text: They start for their car.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. DEL MAR SELF-STORAGE - DAY
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: SAN DIEGO
text: Two men, RAY CASTRO, 30's, proud, ambitious, and MONTEL
text: GORDON, 40's, suspicious of everyone including himself and
dialog: always, always the smartest guy in the room, walk from a
text: Lincoln Towncar toward a dumpy office. Castro is talking
dialog: under his breath --
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: No telltales. Nothing to read.
dialog: Not touching my face. Not even
text: blinking. No giveaways.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How're you feeling?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (keyed up)
dialog: I feel good.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: No more pissant basin league bullshit
dialog: for us, hunh?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Nope.
text: Castro stretches his arms, swings them around.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: Limbering up, gonna stay loose, keep
dialog: it all together. Take this
dialog: motherfucker down.
text: They reach the door to the office. Gordon looks at Castro,
text: then turns the handle.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: Showtime.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, DEL MAR SELF-STORAGE - DAY
text: It's a cluttered, rundown working office unusual only in the
text: extent of its ordinariness. A SECRETARY goes about her
text: business like a somnambulist. CLERKS shuffle and file.
dialog: Castro switches into Spanish --
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Good afternoon, ladies, gentlemen.
dialog: We're looking for Eduardo Ruiz. We
dialog: have a two o'clock appointment.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, DEL MAR SELF-STORAGE - LATER
text: In a back alcove, Castro and Gordon sit across a cheap table
text: from EDUARDO RUIZ, 40's, an entrepreneur in an expensive
text: suit and bad hairpiece. They are waiting.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: You ever buy a quarter ton? Not
dialog: many people have.
text: Another "businessman" enters from another door and whispers
text: in Ruiz's ear, then leaves again.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: So, it's worth the wait, right?
dialog: What can I do? Rent a Huey? Have
dialog: an airlift? It's not like you can
dialog: put it in a condom up some mule's
dialog: asshole, right? How many peasants
dialog: would that take? A line stretching
dialog: from here to Mexico City --
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Nobody said shit, Eduardo --
text: One of Ruiz's hands dips under the desk where we see a handgun
text: is holstered on the underside.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: Relax. We're waiting, that's it.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: Hey, you want to hear a joke? I got
dialog: a joke. Why do women wear makeup
dialog: and perfume?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Chill out --
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: It's a funny fuckin' joke and it's
dialog: quick. Why do women wear makeup and
dialog: perfume?
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: 'Cause they're ugly and they stink.
text: Castro laughs uproariously.
scene_heading: INT. DEA SURVEILLANCE SPACE - DAY
text: ON FUZZY SURVEILLANCE VIDEO: Castro laughing. Ruiz politely
text: smiling, one of his hands hidden by the table.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Man, you never been close enough to
text: a woman to know how she smells.
speaker_heading: DEA AGENT (V.O.)
dialog: What's his hand doing? Watch his
dialog: hand. Anybody? I don't like the
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: IN THE OFFICE
text: The room is filled with crappy surveillance equipment. DEA
text: AGENTS, in DEA logo'd outerwear, jiggle a monitor fuzzily
text: displaying the view from another hidden camera: Gordon and
text: Ruiz around the cheap table.
speaker_heading: DEA AGENT
dialog: This is ridiculous this fucking thing.
dialog: (taps monitor)
dialog: Look at this shit -- the first
dialog: television transmission. I had better
dialog: shit when I was the AV guy at junior
dialog: high, swear-to-God.
scene_heading: ANOTHER DEA AGENT
dialog: Come on, Castro, pay attention.
dialog: Watch his damn hands.
speaker_heading: ON THE MONITOR
text: Another "businessman" enters the office and whispers in Ruiz's
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: RUIZ (ON MONITOR)
dialog: Soon.
text: Another AGENT peers out a window through binoculars.
text: HIS POV: THE EXTERIOR OF THE OFFICE WHERE CASTRO, GORDON,
text: AND RUIZ TALK.
scene_heading: EXT. DEL MAR SELF-STORAGE, SAN DIEGO - DAY
text: A BLUE VAN makes a slow turn into the parking lot.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - DAY
text: TWO FBI AGENTS, in jackets reading "FBI," hide on an opposing
text: roof. They look through high-powered binoculars. Binocular
text: POV: THE BLUE VAN TURNING INTO THE PLAZA.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
dialog: All right, here we go. The blue
dialog: van.
scene_heading: HIS BINOCULAR POV DETECTS THREE UNMARKED CARS DISCREETLY
text: FOLLOWING THE VAN.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
text: Three unmarked vehicles.
dialog: (picks up walkie)
text: Three unmarked vehicles accompanying.
text: The unmarked cars split up and one turns into the parking
text: lot of a fast-food restaurant. The other circles around the
text: back of a building.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
dialog: It's local. Local or Customs. Oh,
dialog: man, I don't know. Looks like the
dialog: cavalry.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: This is our show. Ah, man. I don't
dialog: want to share this one.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, DEL MAR SELF-STORAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: Through the window Ruiz, Gordon and Castro watch the van
text: disappear into the bay of a storage unit. A man is pulling
text: down the door behind it when three unmarked squad cars ROAR
text: into the lot, surrounding the unit, officers exit the cars
text: with their guns drawn -- Gordon and Castro stare in disbelief.
text: Ruiz FIRES the gun under the desk which hits Gordon full in
text: the chest, knocking him backwards.
text: Ruiz's men run into the room pulling guns.
text: Castro dives and pulls his weapon, firing at Ruiz's men,
text: hitting both of them. Ruiz bolts through another door.
text: Castro pursues, talking into his shirt collar --
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: Agent down. Repeat, agent down.
text: Gordon gets slowly to his feet, shaking off the blast to his
text: Kevlar, and runs after them.
scene_heading: EXT. DEL MAR SELF-STORAGE - DAY
text: The DEA are shooting at the men inside the storage unit who
text: are shooting back.
text: From all over the stake-out location, DEA AGENTS emerge firing
text: their weapons. An equal number of FBI AGENTS emerge firing
text: in return. Nobody was aware of the other's presence.
text: It's CHAOS, a clusterfuck of law-enforcement zeal with three
text: competing sets of good guys shouting through BULL-HORNS,
text: GUNSHOTS and SCREAMING.
text: Ruiz breaks through the corner of the lot, cutting between
text: two buildings. Castro emerges and chases him.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Ruiz runs out the back of the storage company. He cuts
text: between parked cars, heading for The Fun Zone, a kiddie
dialog: restaurant.
scene_heading: INT. THE FUN ZONE - DAY
text: Castro enters The Fun Zone. There's a cardboard cutout of
text: SPASTIC JACK, a beloved comedy figure who looks like a rabbit
text: version of Jar Jar Binks, promoting the "Special Edition"
text: glass: "Collect All Four." There's an enclosure filled with
text: colored plastic balls.
text: The restaurant is empty except for a CLOWN filling out a
text: time card. The clown stands.
speaker_heading: CLOWN
dialog: Hey dudes, we're not open yet.
text: Castro makes a motion for him to be quiet and keeps moving
text: toward the room of colored balls.
text: Gordon enters the restaurant and follows him. An ANIMATRONIC
text: BAND starts to play a SONG.
text: Gordon sees a half-hidden foot buried underneath the plastic
text: balls at the far end of the room.
text: He takes careful aim and FIRES.
text: Ruiz SCREAMS and sits up. Castro pounces on him, disarming
text: him, and roughing him up.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FUN ZONE - DAY
text: Castro and Gordon shove Ruiz into the sunlight. They wait
text: while their eyes adjust.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: Take me to the hospital. I'm bleeding
dialog: to death.
text: Castro shoves him forward.
text: ACROSS THE PARKING LOT
text: DEA has opened the back of the van where a quarter-ton of
text: cocaine is spilling out onto the pavement.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: A bong hit is expelled into the air. In the living room of
text: a comfortable, preppy guest house, private school TEENAGERS
text: party and hang-out: cigarettes in ashtrays, beer and bong on
text: the coffee table, loud MUSIC.
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: CINCINNATI, OHIO
text: The TV is on with the sound off. The curtains are closed.
text: The four boys wear school blazers with their ties pulled
text: askew, the three girls' clothing are also identical. Some
text: sit on couches, some on the floor. They are stoned.
text: One intense-looking boy, SETH ABRAHAMS, 17, wild curly hair
text: and the attitude of a young Coleridge, and a girl, CAROLINE
text: WAKEFIELD, 16, really sixteen which means she looks about
text: 12, pretty and flirtatiously irreverent, sit at a desk in
text: front of a Powerbook G-3 playing an on-line trivia game.
text: Seth speaks rapidly and precisely.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Father of Greek tragedy? Anyone?
dialog: Okay, Aeschylus it is.
dialog: (hits keys)
dialog: His trilogy? The Oresteia. I mean
dialog: this is beautiful, can anyone stop
dialog: the Seth Machine?
dialog: (hits keys)
dialog: Score. Thank you. Madmax from Omaha
dialog: we own you. And Tragedy is closed
dialog: out.
text: Seth leans over and snorts a line of coke from a mirror. He
text: hands it to Caroline who effortlessly does one.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Entertainment. The Susan Lucci
dialog: section or Banal Love Songs of the
dialog: Nineties?
text: Seth looks at her. He has a crush.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Banal Love Songs it is.
dialog: (hits keys)
dialog: Hey, you wanna try something?
text: She nods. They both take a swig of beer. He takes her hand
text: pulling her past the stoned people on the couch --
scene_heading: IN THE KITCHEN
text: Seth takes out a box of baking soda. He tears off a square
text: of aluminum foil. He takes out a spoon. Caroline watches
text: as he dumps a small amount of cocaine into the spoon. He
text: adds a pinch of baking soda. He puts in a few drops of water.
text: Stirs it around with the heel of a lighter. Then holds the
text: flame under the spoon.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: (concentrating)
dialog: Just watch.
text: He watches the substance in the spoon as it swirls and
text: bubbles, then separates... He pours the most viscous part
text: onto the aluminum foil, making four separate little puddles.
text: He quickly dismantles a ballpoint pen, making a straw. He
text: hands it to Caroline.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Inhale the smoke and hold it.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What is this, like freebase?
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Not like. It is.
text: He lights the flame under the aluminum foil. The puddle
text: crackles and pops, then starts to smoke --
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Go... Go!
text: There's a rush of thick grey smoke. Caroline catches most
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Hold it.
text: She pulls it in deeper and holds... Suddenly her expression
text: changes... Her eyes lose their focus, her face slackens, an
text: almost sexual response. Seth is watching her intensely.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: See... Now, you see.
text: Caroline slumps back against the counter. Seth moves against
text: her, kissing her, running his hands over her breasts and
text: body. She stares over his shoulder, holding it as long as
dialog: she can.
text: Finally she exhales --
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: More.
text: The cloud of grey smoke from her lungs fills the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE OFFICE - DAY
text: The White House CHIEF OF STAFF meets with Robert Wakefield.
dialog: The Chief of Staff has the floor; he always has the floor.
dialog: This is a man you do not want to disappoint.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF STAFF
dialog: Until you officially take over the
dialog: office of National Drug Control
dialog: Policy, under no circumstances should
dialog: you speak to the press unprotected,
dialog: without going through this office or
text: having someone in the room. There
dialog: are a lot of interests in this town
dialog: and, right now, they're all scared
dialog: of you. The reason they're scared
dialog: of you...technically, you have veto
dialog: power over their budgets. So think
dialog: about that: FBI, CIA, DEA, CUSTOMS,
scene_heading: TREASURY, ATF, DEFENSE, IRS, Radio
dialog: Shack and the DMV, they're all gonna
dialog: want to speak to you. And that's
dialog: the good news... You'll also be
dialog: meeting Senators and Congressman,
text: each with a specially prepared
dialog: question. Their question is designed
dialog: for one thing: to make them look
dialog: smart. If you lecture them, they
dialog: won't think you respect them. If
dialog: you respond with utter humility,
dialog: they will. Remember, this is about
dialog: your respect for them, and the
dialog: President's respect for them.
dialog: Speaking of which, as soon as he
dialog: gets back from Russia and China,
dialog: we'll get you in there for some face-
dialog: time, let the two of you catch up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It'd probably be a good idea for you
dialog: to meet your predecessor. I'll have
dialog: Jeff Sheridan take you over.
dialog: Also, four weeks from today you will
dialog: give your first official press
dialog: conference. In it you will outline
dialog: the President's strategy for winning
dialog: the war on drugs.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Okay, anything else?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'll be sure to let you know.
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTIVE BUILDING, WASHINGTON, D.C. - DAY
text: Robert makes his way through a warren of hallways in the
text: endless corridors of the Old Executive Building alongside
text: JEFF SHERIDAN, 35, an enthusiastic government employee who
text: has found his place.
speaker_heading: SHERIDAN
dialog: I just want to be clear about one
dialog: thing. I used to work for him, but
dialog: now I work for you. I'm not a
dialog: partisan person, I'm an issue person.
dialog: In the next few weeks, if you allow
dialog: me, we'll get you well-versed on an
dialog: incredible array of issues. The
dialog: most important of which, in my
dialog: opinion, being Mexico. I know
dialog: everybody that you're gonna meet.
dialog: It's important that they like you.
dialog: It's not important that they like
dialog: me. That's why I can help protect
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Like you protected Landry?
speaker_heading: SHERIDAN
dialog: I see where you're going with that,
dialog: but if I could just say something,
dialog: which is basically that a guy like
text: Landry is so autocratic he doesn't
dialog: know how to let himself be helped;
dialog: it's a point of pride to take every
dialog: bullet, no matter who fired it, or
dialog: whether it was even aimed at him,
dialog: which personally I think it very
dialog: self-defeating. Now, don't get me
dialog: wrong, he's a man of enormous
dialog: integrity, but there's a political
dialog: component to this job that the General
dialog: just didn't have any patience for.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL POLICY - DAY
text: Robert and Sheridan enter the office of outgoing Drug Czar,
text: GENERAL RALPH LANDRY, 60's, buzz-cut, professional soldier
text: with a sense of humor.
text: Landry is putting some personal items in a box.
speaker_heading: GENERAL LANDRY
dialog: Jeff, you want to excuse us for a
dialog: minute?
text: Sheridan nods and leaves.
speaker_heading: GENERAL LANDRY
dialog: (bemused, off
dialog: Sheridan's exit)
dialog: Functionaries. Nice people, the
dialog: Schedule C's. About twelve graduate
dialog: degrees apiece, but it seems sometimes
text: all they do is start rumors.
text: Robert and Landry shake hands.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You've done a fine job here, Sir.
dialog: The Office of National Drug Control
dialog: Policy is in better shape than when
dialog: you found it.
text: Landry tries to determine whether Robert believes this. He
text: looks around the office as if the policy is hiding somewhere.
speaker_heading: GENERAL LANDRY
dialog: I'm not sure I made the slightest
dialog: difference.
dialog: (wistful)
dialog: I tried... I really did.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: There are a lot of encouraging
dialog: statistics. The work's just started,
dialog: but I intend to see it through.
dialog: You've got my word on that.
speaker_heading: GENERAL LANDRY
dialog: You're here for two years, three
dialog: maximum. What'd they promise you?
dialog: Court appointment? What? District?
dialog: Appeals?
dialog: (checks Robert's
dialog: reaction)
dialog: Not Supreme... Supreme?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I've come in to do a tough job and
dialog: that's what I'm going to focus on.
dialog: General Landry SIGHS.
speaker_heading: GENERAL LANDRY
dialog: When Kruschev was forced out, he sat
dialog: down and wrote two letters and handed
dialog: them to his successor. He said "When
dialog: you get into a situation you can't
dialog: get out of, open the first letter
dialog: and you'll be saved. And when you
dialog: get into another situation you can't
dialog: get out of, open the second." Soon
dialog: enough this guy found himself in a
dialog: tight place. So he opened the first
dialog: letter. It said, "Blame everything
dialog: on me." So he blamed the old guy
dialog: and it worked like a charm.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He got into another situation he
dialog: couldn't get out of, so he opened
dialog: the second letter, which read, "Sit
dialog: down and write two letters."
text: They stare at each other a beat. Then Landry smiles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MANOLO'S STREET, MEXICO - DAY
text: A cinderblock house. Kids and dogs in the street. A face
text: we recognize as Manolo's peers out of a curtain into the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: INT. MANOLO'S KITCHEN - DAY
text: The ceiling is stained, the floor sags. A cheap radio plays.
text: Manolo is at the door. Javi sits at a dinette table.
text: He talks to Manolo but watches Manolo's wife, ANNA, 20's, a
text: nice-looking, ostensibly demure young woman, as she moves
text: around the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Relax. If they were going to kill
dialog: us they would have done it in the
dialog: desert.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: They wouldn't do it in front of all
dialog: these people. They'd send someone
dialog: later, when we're alone.
text: Manolo tenses, and throws open the window.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: (yelling out the window)
dialog: Away from the car. Now!
text: MANOLO'S POV out the window as KIDS play in the car, sitting
text: behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Even if that were true, they're not
dialog: going to come to your house where
dialog: you're waiting for them.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: He's right. They'll do it when you're
dialog: walking somewhere, make it look like
dialog: street crime.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: Shut your fucking mouth. Nobody's
dialog: talking to you.
text: Anna sets a cup of coffee in front of Javi and stares at
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE SEDAN - DAY
text: Javi and Manolo cruise through the streets of Tijuana.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: If you want her to stay out of it,
dialog: then stop telling her everything.
dialog: You should learn how to keep a secret.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
text: She's nosy. She hears me on the
dialog: telephone.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Anyway, I don't think we'll ever see
dialog: them again. Everything's back to
dialog: normal.
scene_heading: EXT. TIJUANA STREET - DAY
text: Tourist hell. A cacophony of street venders, panhandlers,
text: and vehicular traffic. Javier and Manolo are speaking with
text: a flustered young American TOURIST COUPLE.
speaker_heading: TOURIST WOMAN
dialog: You're a police officer. Aren't you
dialog: going to take a report or something?
dialog: Don't you want to know what kind of
dialog: car it is?
speaker_heading: TOURIST MAN
dialog: It's a Brown Ford Explorer --
speaker_heading: TOURIST WOMAN
dialog: It was right here. It's been stolen.
dialog: I want to file a report.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: Please. Filing a report will not
dialog: help you find your car.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: The police won't find your car.
speaker_heading: TOURIST WOMAN
dialog: But you're the police.
text: Javier pulls out a note pad and scribbles a number.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Call this man, he'll find your car
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: TOURIST MAN
dialog: I don't get it --
speaker_heading: TOURIST WOMAN
dialog: How will this guy know who has our
dialog: car?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: The police will tell him.
text: There's a beat of confusion.
speaker_heading: TOURIST MAN
dialog: Why will they tell him but they won't
dialog: tell us?
speaker_heading: TOURIST WOMAN
dialog: (getting it)
dialog: Because we pay him, stupid.
dialog: (to Javier)
dialog: Right? And he pays the police.
text: And then our car appears.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Yes. Better than filling out forms,
dialog: right?
text: The man reaches in his wallet and offers Javier a twenty.
text: Javi waves him off.
text: Javier and Manolo walk back to their squad car when two SUV's
text: come to a stop in front of them.
text: Javier and Manolo exchange a look. The doors SLAM and
text: FOOTSTEPS approach.
speaker_heading: OFFICER (O.S.)
dialog: Javier Rodriguez.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LA JOLLA GOLF AND TENNIS CLUB - DAY
text: A ladies luncheon in the Nancy Reagan Dining Room overlooking
text: a putting green. The bejewelled WIVES of successful men
text: yammer at one another around tables with rich flower
text: centerpieces.
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: LA JOLLA, CALIFORNIA, JUST OUTSIDE SAN DIEGO
text: One wife, HELENA AYALA, 32, ex-model, with a sweetness and
text: intelligence that almost contradicts her beauty, stares out
text: the window at a small BOY, 5, using a putter as tall as he
text: is. Helena is six months pregnant and radiant.
text: A waiter brings Helena's starter course. Her friends, NAN
text: DOBBS, early 40's, post Junior League, a little tipsy,
dialog: STEWIE and ALEX, same League, watch her --
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Duck salad?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Mmm.
dialog: Nan can't believe it.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Helena, you never order duck salad.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Well, that's true. I don't.
dialog: (re: her belly)
dialog: I think someone else is asking for
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Well, he's got good taste. Isn't it
dialog: the most wonderful thing you ever
dialog: tasted? I mean ever.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: It's delicious --
speaker_heading: STEWIE
dialog: They're the most marvelous little
dialog: creatures. Canard. They fly, swim,
dialog: walk. And so cute with their babies
text: marching along behind.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Looking for a nice sauce ala orange.
text: Everyone laughs. Helena is by far the youngest in her crowd.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It's a very fatty bird. All that
dialog: winter insulation. Just like me.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: You mean all breast, just like you.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You're bad --
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (singsong)
dialog: Jealous, that's all --
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I've heard... I can't remember
dialog: where... That it's full of that good
dialog: kind of fat, the kind you're
dialog: supposed to eat --
speaker_heading: STEWIE
dialog: Unsaturated fat --
scene_heading: TWO WOMEN IN UNISON
dialog: Polyunsaturated.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: And now there's a good cholesterol
dialog: and bad cholesterol. Everything
dialog: they tell you completely changes
dialog: every other week. I don't know why
dialog: they think we should listen at all.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: What I know is ducks, as cute as
dialog: they are, were designed by God to be
dialog: eaten.
text: Nan reaches for a taste and the other women lean forward
text: also, a sea of inanity swirling around Helena's salad.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY CLUB PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Helena buckles her little boy, DAVID, 5, into the front seat
text: of her Mercedes. He won't let go of his putter.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I'll put this in the back.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No --
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: All the professionals keep them in
text: the trunk.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Not Tiger Woods.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Especially Tiger Woods.
dialog: (sharing a secret)
dialog: ...Actually, he keeps his on the
dialog: back seat.
text: She pulls the putter away from the reluctant boy and sets it
text: on the back seat.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - DAY
text: A modern high-rise on the waterfront playground of San Diego.
text: Helena passes the hotel in her car.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: A standard room looking out at the water which is dotted
text: with sailboats and cruise ships. The bed is covered with hi-
text: tech surveillance equipment.
text: The equipment salesman, LONNIE, 40's, who makes a fetish of
text: gadgetry, explains the finer points of operation to FRANCISCO
text: "FRANKIE" FLORES, 30's, sallow, watery-eyed, in expensive
dialog: clothes.
speaker_heading: LONNIE
dialog: Gates, Myrhvold, Bezos. I sell to
dialog: all those guys. Why? Because the
dialog: technology to intrude has reached
dialog: the masses. Your competitor, your
dialog: ex-spouse, adversaries, stalkers,
dialog: they're at the local electronics
dialog: store right now, and they're gonna
dialog: be intruding on you not only through
dialog: your telephone, but your fax, cell
dialog: phone, pager, cable TV, Musak,
dialog: windows, walls, air conditioning
dialog: ventilation, modem, and internet
dialog: connection.
text: He walks over to the bed and the sexy equipment --
speaker_heading: LONNIE
dialog: Nobody has these babies, no way, not
dialog: the shiznit.
text: Frederico picks up a piece of equipment.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: I want to intercept cell phone calls,
dialog: digital and analog. And locate the
dialog: source of the call. I need databasing
dialog: capability, to cross-reference calls
dialog: and numbers.
text: Lonnie lovingly picks up a laptop computer with a sleek device
dialog: attached to it --
speaker_heading: LONNIE
dialog: Your Cellular Secretary, friend across
dialog: all the digital wireless spread
dialog: spectrum.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, Francisco, what do you do? You
dialog: a PI? Private security?
text: Francisco looks at Lonnie coldly.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: Assassin.
speaker_heading: LONNIE
dialog: (not missing a beat)
dialog: Assassin, okay. Let's get you started
dialog: in surveillance.
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGETOWN BROWNSTONE - NIGHT
text: The house takes up most of one of the nicest blocks. PEOPLE
text: enter and party VOICES drift out.
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: GEORGETOWN, WASHINGTON, D.C.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGETOWN BROWNSTONE - NIGHT
text: A power cocktail party in full swing. This is where most of
dialog: the business in Washington gets done.
text: Robert, scotch in hand, listens to a smug PHARMACEUTICAL
text: LOBBYIST explain the world.
scene_heading: PHARMACEUTICAL LOBBYIST
dialog: We in the legal drug business, and I
dialog: mean Merck, Pfizer, the rest of my
dialog: very powerful clients, realize this
dialog: isn't a war with a traditional winner
dialog: and loser, but an organism at war
dialog: with itself, whose weapons of mass
text: destruction happen to be intoxicants.
dialog: And if you want a body count look no
dialog: further than alcohol which racks up
dialog: 80,000 kills a year. Cocaine manages
dialog: a measly 2,000. Same for Heroin.
dialog: But, the big daddy is Big Tobacco
dialog: which kills 380,000 each year, which,
dialog: by the way, is more people than have
dialog: been killed by all the illegal drugs
dialog: in the last century.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (faking it)
dialog: That's very interesting.
text: The lobbyist smiles. Robert sips his drink.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ON ROBERT
text: In another room. Listening to STAN, overweight advocate for
dialog: the United States Council of Chambers of Commerce.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: It's time, Robert, to choke some
dialog: honesty out of these rural
dialog: legislators; get'em to fess up that
dialog: it's pretty much Prisons or Casinos
dialog: in terms of their choices for economic
dialog: growth.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ON ROBERT
text: listening to ETHAN, earnest advocate of harm reduction.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: What's the difference between Prozac
dialog: and Ecstacy, you ask? One's a
text: mattress and the other's a trampoline.
dialog: Molecules don't have morality.
dialog: Really, think about it: some molecule
text: changes the way a serotonin re-uptake
dialog: inhibitor works, it's not suddenly a
dialog: bad molecule; it's just a molecule.
dialog: My theory: America has a real fear
text: of short, intense experiences.
dialog: Robert turns away --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Like you.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ROOM
text: Robert at the bar getting another
text: scotch. A secretive man, TIM, 40's,
text: nerdy, sidles up beside him and
text: whispers furtively in his ear.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Chemicals? Some say problems, others
dialog: say solution. Imagine a cloud that
dialog: when it rains prohibits the growth
dialog: of poppies or takes the THC out of
dialog: marijuana. Imagine a pill that
dialog: eliminates any psychological craving,
dialog: from Dilaudid to Dove Bars. Law
dialog: enforcement hasn't let science sit
text: on the sidelines. Addiction is no
dialog: more relevant than polio or the Black
dialog: Plague.
text: Tim slips away into the crowd. Robert moves away from the
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ROOM
text: An argument is breaking out between an ECONOMIST and an
text: UNDERSECRETARY OF DEFENSE with Robert as the audience.
speaker_heading: ECONOMIST
dialog: (to the undersecretary)
dialog: You're not battling traffickers or
dialog: dealers, but a market, and the market
dialog: contains a paradox: if you arrest
dialog: traffickers, you raise prices, and
dialog: you also raise profits, which brings
dialog: more traffickers into the business.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: (to the Economist)
dialog: Back in the real world, we're talking
dialog: about Mexico and not John Maynard
dialog: Keynes. We will spend 18 billion
dialog: dollars this year on this "war," and
dialog: the question on the table every year
dialog: is do we certify Mexico as an ally
dialog: or not?
text: Another man, RUSH PHILLIPS, a middle-aged powerbroker,
text: overhears, then joins and Robert is encircled.
speaker_heading: RUSH PHILLIPS
dialog: You want to make a difference, hit
dialog: the users. You don't jeopardize our
dialog: financial markets by some hypocritical
dialog: stance on drug consumption. We're
dialog: snorting it, why penalize Mexico for
dialog: supplying it?
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: Mexico, don't talk to me about
dialog: Mexico --
speaker_heading: ECONOMIST
dialog: It's the stick of law enforcement
text: that creates the carrot of huge
dialog: profits... That's economic truth --
speaker_heading: RUSH PHILLIPS
dialog: Addicts don't vote; they don't have
dialog: PACs; they don't spend soft money,
dialog: that's political truth --
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: We're locking them up and
dialog: consumption is falling --
speaker_heading: ECONOMIST
dialog: The price of coke and heroin has
dialog: dropped and purity has increased.
dialog: All this law enforcement has achieved
dialog: is kids can get better stuff, cheaper.
dialog: In economic terms, you can forget
dialog: it; this is not a winnable war.
speaker_heading: RUSH PHILLIPS
dialog: Christ, you want to decertify
dialog: somebody, take Pakistan or Columbia.
dialog: We don't need them for anything.
speaker_heading: ECONOMIST
dialog: If you manage to seize an
dialog: inconceivable 50 percent of all drugs
dialog: coming into this country, you'll
dialog: still raise the price of coke and
dialog: heroin less than 3 percent which
dialog: won't affect drug use at all.
speaker_heading: RUSH PHILLIPS
dialog: Why are we calling this a war at
dialog: all? You don't declare war on your
dialog: own people. Addiction is a little
text: worm that gnaws a house apart from
dialog: the inside.
text: MICHAEL ADLER, about Robert's age, and as successful, but in
text: a different way, approaches, catching Robert's eye through
text: the arguing demagogues.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: We need Mexico for these reasons:
dialog: number one -- Defense; two -- Trade;
dialog: three -- Tourism; then, way on down
dialog: the line, comes Drugs. The President
dialog: knows this. Why's he holding
dialog: everybody's feet to the fire?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (solemn)
dialog: Mr. Wakefield, there's a situation
dialog: that needs your attention right away.
text: Robert looks at Michael, squints, looks closer, then follows.
speaker_heading: RUSH PHILLIPS
dialog: (oblivious)
dialog: One in sixteen Americans is of Mexican
dialog: descent. Mexico our third largest
dialog: trading partner...
text: ANGLE ON ROBERT AND MICHAEL ON THE BACK PORCH.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You're looking pretty good for an
dialog: old guy.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: My work keeps me young.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Which part, getting terrorists loose
dialog: on bail or freeing convicted murderers
dialog: on technicalities?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The worst serial killer in history -
dialog: who? Gacy - right? Killed forty
dialog: two people. Our government killed
dialog: fifty thousand in Vietnam and lied
dialog: about it every day.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Michael, you represent drug dealers,
dialog: not civil libertarians.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We kidnapped Noriega out of Panama.
dialog: Is that covered in your Constitution?
dialog: Because it isn't in mine.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Noriega is a criminal.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Noriega was head of a sovereign nation
dialog: who made the mistake of doing business
dialog: with the U.S. Government. So, no,
dialog: I don't have a problem waking up
dialog: every day and fighting our government,
dialog: fighting people like you, trying to
dialog: keep this system a little bit honest.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Last I read your clients were chopping
text: people up with chainsaws and
dialog: delivering illegal narcotics into
dialog: this country.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I hope when you were on the bench,
dialog: Judge Wakefield, you didn't handle
dialog: the presumption of innocence in the
dialog: same fashion.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: If I ever return to the bench,
dialog: Counselor Adler, I hope I have the
dialog: pleasure of hearing your arguments.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL EMERGENCY ROOM, SAN DIEGO - DAY
text: Eduardo Ruiz lies in a hospital bed, handcuffed to the
text: railing. His bandaged foot is held aloft by a sling and a
text: tube drains the wound. He is tugging on the handcuffs as
text: Castro and Gordon enter the room.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You planning on going somewhere,
dialog: Eduardo? You don't like it here?
dialog: This is the best situation you're
text: going to have for a long, long time.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: I am a legitimate business. Fishing
dialog: boats. Tuna. Check it out. Tax
dialog: records, everything --
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Listen you motherfucker, you tried
dialog: to kill me with a fucking cannon.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: You can't visit me here. I want my
dialog: lawyer.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: The amount of coke we got on you
dialog: means capital punishment in some
dialog: states.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: Move 'em to Texas, fry 'em up.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: We got you on tape making the deal.
dialog: We got you bragging about the quality.
dialog: We got you bragging about your
dialog: business. We got you.
text: A NURSE appears in the doorway. Gordon goes to the door and
text: shuts it in her face.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: One chance here, Eduardo. Make us
dialog: believe you got a boss. No boss,
dialog: it's all on you.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: It's a death sentence. I'll never
dialog: make it to the trial.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: We can protect you.
text: Ruiz looks at them in disbelief.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: Who do you work for?
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: This is coercion.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: That's a big word for a fisherman.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: Who do you work for?
text: Gordon and Ruiz stare at each other.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: I know another word... Immunity.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AYALA HOME - LA JOLLA - DAY
text: A starter castle high in the hills near Mount Soledad, an
text: exclusive neighborhood with views of the ocean. Joggers jog
text: to the SOUNDS of tennis and Jacuzzis gurgling, and lawn care
dialog: equipment operated by Mexicans.
text: Behind the Ayala gate we see David playing with his golf
text: club on the lush lawn.
text: Workers set-up the party under the direction of a professional
dialog: party planner.
text: A BMW 740il with tinted windows pulls into the driveway.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Daddy!
text: The window lowers and we see CARL AYALA, 40's, handsome,
dialog: charismatic, second generation American, in expensive,
text: conservative clothes, covering his cell phone as he greets
dialog: his kids.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Hello. Hello.
text: He goes back to his phone call, pulling around to the garage.
text: David goes back to his game.
scene_heading: INT. AYALA DINING ROOM - DAY
text: There are MAIDS in the house and a COOK in the kitchen. The
text: large rooms are filled with fine art.
text: Helena Ayala sits at the dining room table with plans, bills
text: and receipts spread before her. Carl enters and paces around
text: the room, continuing his cell phone conversation.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I'm sorry, Jonas. I don't care if
dialog: that is the price you have gotten in
dialog: order countries.
text: Helena watches her husband pace as he talks. He can't help
dialog: it, but a portion of this call is theatrical, for an
dialog: audience's benefit, which in this instance happens to be his
text: wife. Helena's expression of annoyance resets itself into
dialog: love.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: This is America, a different country.
dialog: I am Carl, a different man. So you
dialog: see, everything about our situation
dialog: is different and I believe the pricing
dialog: will be different, too.
dialog: (beat, listens)
dialog: You're a reasonable man... So take
dialog: the weekend to think about it.
text: Carl clicks off the phone, turns to Helena.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Every day with this guy is like
text: starting all over again.
text: Carl winds down and finally becomes present in the room with
text: his wife. He looks at her. She looks back.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Just watching you.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I got that. How was your day?
text: She pushes the topiary away from her. Suddenly, she seems
text: tired. Carl comes over and puts his hand on her pregnant
dialog: belly.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I keep feeling like I'm forgetting
dialog: something.
text: Her husband watches her, then wraps his arms around her.
scene_heading: EXT. AYALA HOME - DAY
text: Carl and Helena step out on the front porch of their home
text: and watch David play with his golf putter.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THEIR GATE
text: An unmarked police car rolls up and stops behind the wall.
text: Another arrives and another and another. OFFICERS in DEA
text: jackets exit the cars.
text: There is MURMURING, then SILENCE.
text: Helena slowly turns to look at her husband. He doesn't look
text: at her.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: David, come inside --
text: Suddenly, POLICE and DEA enter the front yard. Gordon and
text: Castro enter the yard and move quickly up the drive to Carl.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: What is this? What is going on?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Mr. Ayala?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You're under arrest for violation of
dialog: Federal Narcotics laws.
text: Gordon and Castro spin him, cuff him, and without emotion
text: begin pulling him from his yard. David is trying to get to
text: his father. In a kind of shock. Helena trails after him.
text: Castro drags Carl into the street toward the open door of
text: the cruiser. He pushes him down into the backseat.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: We have a warrant to search your
text: home, Mrs. Ayala.
text: Gordon hits the side of the cruiser and it pulls away. Carl
text: looks at his wife through the window.
text: Gordon and Castro head up the driveway toward her house.
text: Helena is left standing in the street. NEIGHBORS, who have
text: appeared in front yards and at the ends of driveways, stare
text: at her with suspicion. David approaches and holds onto her
dialog: leg.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. SALAZAR'S HEADQUARTERS - ANTEROOM - DAY
text: Javi and Manolo wait in Salazar's anteroom. A ceiling fan
text: swirls the air. After a moment the door opens and an AIDE
text: motions to them. They stand.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: (to Manolo)
dialog: Not you. You.
text: Javi goes into the room.
scene_heading: INT. SALAZAR'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The office is Spartan and military. Salazar and Javi sit
text: facing each other. Salazar looks at a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: Javier Rodriguez. Twenty-nine years-
dialog: old. Graduated from Montessori
dialog: school. Five years as a beat cop in
dialog: TJ. Three years with the State
dialog: Police. Parents died four years ago
dialog: in their apartment from carbon
dialog: monoxide poisoning because they could
dialog: not afford to fix their gas heater.
dialog: Your sister works in a Maquiladora
text: in Juarez, making designer blue-jeans.
dialog: On the police force three years, you
dialog: currently make 316 dollars a month.
text: Salazar crumples the piece of paper and tosses it in the
dialog: trash.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: That's your past. I want to talk
dialog: about your future. Would you be
dialog: willing to do something for me?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: If I can.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: I'm trying to bust the Tijuana Cartel.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: What is it you want me to do?
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: A small thing. Nothing really.
text: Javier thinks about this.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Does this offer include my partner?
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: Only if he can be trusted.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: He'll do what I say.
text: Salazar slides a folder across the desk. Javier opens it
text: and sees a black and white surveillance photo of the
dialog: informant.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: His name is Francisco Flores. He is
dialog: a killer and gun smuggler for the
dialog: Tijuana cartel. I need to speak
dialog: with him. I need you to find him
dialog: and bring him to me so that I can
dialog: speak with him.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE SEDAN - DAY
text: Manolo faces Javier.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: This is fucking crazy. Instead of
dialog: killing us, he sends us on a suicide
dialog: mission. Do you know who Frankie
dialog: Flowers is? He's a psycho-cokehead-
text: hitman. A faggot. He's killed
dialog: fucking who knows how many people.
dialog: You'd need half the force to get
dialog: close to him. And you can't get
dialog: their help because he lives in fucking
dialog: San Diego.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Then I guess I'm going by myself.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - DAY
text: Robert Wakefield sits in business class. He twists the cap
text: off a mini-bottle of bourbon and pours it over a cup of ice.
text: He empties a second bottle into the cup, then swirls it around
text: on the ice. He takes a sip.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT GATE - DAY
text: Robert exits with his briefcase and hanging bag, two SECURITY
text: MEN trailing him. He sees Barbara and Caroline, his wife
text: and daughter, waiting by the their station wagon. They wave.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: On the way home from the airport. Caroline drives carefully
text: with Barbara in the front seat and Robert in back.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: What's it like?
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Imagine you're being accosted by a
text: swarm of beggars in the heart of
dialog: Calcutta, except the beggars are
dialog: wearing $1500 suits and they don't
dialog: say "please" or "thank you."
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What about legalizing everything?
dialog: Has anybody talked about that?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Fine -- legalization. Okay,
dialog: forgetting all of our international
dialog: trade agreements, legalize everything
dialog: today. The Government inserts itself
dialog: into all drug transactions. The
dialog: U.S. becomes a giant pharmacy. Our
text: borders are mobbed, lines of people
dialog: from here to Europe wanting to smoke,
text: snort and shoot themselves into
text: oblivion.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (lightly)
text: Like a Grateful Dead Concert.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: Drugs begin pouring out of America
dialog: into every other country in the world.
text: Canada is completely overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What if every country legalized at
dialog: the same time?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Somehow, I don't see that happening.
scene_heading: INT. WAKEFIELD DINING ROOM - EVENING
text: From the hallway we see Robert and Barbara and Caroline having
text: dinner. A family tableau. We hear Barbara talking, the
dialog: murmur of the days events.
text: In the room, Barbara continues her dinner table thoughts.
text: Robert has a good deal of reading material stacked on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: So you know we put the case before
dialog: the arbitration panel, none of whom
dialog: had any expertise. Superfund is
dialog: just one of those words. People
dialog: stop paying attention.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: That's frustrating.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: It's so frustrating.
text: There is wine on the table and Caroline is allowed a glass.
text: Her parents watch her take a responsible sip.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (to Robert)
dialog: Did you meet the President?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Honey, your father knows the
dialog: President.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: As it happens, the President of the
dialog: United States, my new boss, the leader
dialog: of the free world, has me penciled
dialog: in for some "face time".
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Will we get invited to the White
dialog: House?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: How long's the job?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: It's a presidential appointment so...
dialog: until I quit or get fired.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Czar for life, just like a real czar.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: That makes mom the Czarina. I'm a
dialog: Czarette. Like Anastasia.
text: Caroline thinks about this.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: None of my friends can fucking believe
dialog: my dad is the actual Drug Czar.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Caroline --
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Sorry, but I mean, come on.
text: Robert doesn't know if she's putting him down.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: It's great, daddy. It's just amazing,
dialog: that's all.
text: They all look at each other. Caroline sips her wine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SAN DIEGO JAIL - DAY
text: In the intake area of a busy San Diego precinct, Helena sits
text: on a bench and regroups. Detectives move past her.
text: Handcuffed criminals are separated, bagged and tagged.
text: beautifully dressed man, ARNIE METZGER, 30's, super- lawyer,
dialog: knows everyone from the top of the system to the bottom,
text: slick but likable, smart and ruthless, too, separates himself
text: from a DETECTIVE he's gladhanding and approaches Helena.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Helena, I'm so sorry --
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Arnie, thank God.
text: Metzger sits, giving her a hug.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Can you please tell me what on earth
dialog: is going on?
text: Arnie looks at her as if to say, "do you really not know?"
text: Then, he speaks quietly with his hand in front of his mouth.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: I understand. You're upset. You
dialog: want to know what's going on. That's
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Why are you talking like that?
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Listen to me carefully. First of
dialog: all, Carl isn't here. DEA's got him
dialog: and they'll hang on to him until
dialog: arraignment, which will probably be
dialog: tomorrow. So here you're wasting
dialog: your time. Are you with me?
text: He checks to see if this is registering.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Good. From now on I want you to
dialog: expect that every word you utter
dialog: will be tape-recorded, that the
dialog: movement of your lips is being read.
dialog: Got it?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Arnie, this is crazy.
text: He makes eye contact with her.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Got it?
dialog: (she slowly nods)
dialog: Good. Do not discuss anything over
dialog: the telephone. Do not talk to the
dialog: neighbors. Stay out of your yard.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: What is he being charged with?
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: I don't know, but under no
dialog: circumstances would I talk about it
dialog: here. I want you to go home and
dialog: relax the best you can. Continue
dialog: your life as if nothing has happened.
dialog: That is very important.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Arnie, I feel like Alice stepping
text: through the looking glass.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: That's a very apt analogy, Helena.
dialog: Now, go home and be with your
dialog: children.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Helena exits. Her expression is set as she drives. She
text: turns a corner in the shopping district, passing JAVIER AND
text: MANOLO who are walking down the street. Tourists, drunk
text: Marines and the homeless piss away another day.
text: We follow them into a bar with blackened windows and a
text: discrete sign.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - DAY
dialog: This is a place where men come to meet men. And it's already
text: lively even at this early hour. Javier and Manolo find a
dialog: seat and wait.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Javi is working on his second beer
text: when he seems to recognize somebody.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE ROOM
text: Francisco "Frankie" Flowers has entered the bar. Javi watches
text: him circulate through the room then settle at the bar. Javier
text: finishes his beer, rises, and takes the empty seat next to
text: Francisco. Manolo watches.
text: Very quickly Javi strikes up a conversation. We don't hear
dialog: what they're saying but it doesn't matter because Francisco
dialog: clearly likes Javi.
text: Off Francisco's anticipatory smile --
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE - MEXICO - DAY
text: The back of a blue van opens and a blindfolded Francisco
text: falls onto the ground.
text: Surrounding him are Javi and Salazar, who watch as two of
text: Salazar's MEN drag Francisco away toward an abandoned mission-
dialog: style building.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: (clearly pleased with
dialog: Javi)
dialog: I'm curious how you did this with
dialog: such economy.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Everybody has a weakness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SOMEBODY'S PARENTS' MANSION, CINCINNATI - NIGHT
text: With its old-growth trees and manipulated shrubbery, the
text: large house is shrouded in the mystery of well-heeled
text: suburbia. It is very late.
scene_heading: INT. SOMEBODY'S PARENTS' MANSION - NIGHT
text: Somebody's parents are out of town and the house feels empty.
text: Big empty rooms with expensive furniture nobody sits on.
text: Faint MUSIC echoes through the house.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: High ceilings of a 1930's kitchen. Vodka bottles and
text: cranberry juice and limes are spilled across a counter. ON
text: THE RHODES AGAIN by Morcheeba plays from a jam-box on a
dialog: counter.
text: Maybe ten TEENAGERS are partying hard in this kitchen. It's
text: weird and disassociated, people wandering in and out, playing
text: with kitchen utensils, heavily fucked up.
text: There are drugs on a mirror on the eat-in table. Caroline
text: and Seth and two friends sit around this table. VANESSA,
text: 16, almost pretty, is hitting a freebase pipe and holds the
text: hit. FUCKED-UP BOWMAN, 17, super-preppy with a wan, Baby
text: Huey face, takes a slug of vodka.
text: They are jittery, sweaty, tweaked, fucked-up --
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: All I'm saying, what I'm saying, is
dialog: it never seems like anybody ever
dialog: says anything that matters to them,
text: like we all look at each other and
dialog: nod with responses we've been trained
dialog: to make, not real responses, just
dialog: social conventions, phony, fake
dialog: smiles, surface bullshit... I mean,
dialog: we're all smart and do we have any
dialog: idea what each other are like, really
dialog: like? Do I know what Seth's afraid
dialog: of, or Vanessa, or fucked-up Bowman?
text: Everyone looks at Fucked-up Bowman who grinds his jaw
dialog: appreciatively --
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: ...Probably, but do I ever say this
dialog: stuff, just say, "hey, I'm
dialog: uncomfortable in this crowd, I don't
dialog: know what the fuck I'm doing, either?
dialog: I know you're afraid and it's okay--
dialog: "
text: Seth's words come quickly, they're riffing, totally in sync,
dialog: totally wired --
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: We act like we have all the answers
dialog: and we're totally invincible like
dialog: our parents seem and their parents
dialog: before them and it's fucking bullshit --
text: Fucked-up Bowman takes another slug of vodka and almost pukes.
scene_heading: FUCKED-UP BOWMAN
dialog: For instance --
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: For instance I know you jack-off
dialog: thinking about Caroline even though
dialog: you're supposedly "in love" with
dialog: Vanessa. Whatever the fuck that
dialog: means?
dialog: (a digression)
dialog: I mean, what is that convention,
dialog: anyway? We're all these random
dialog: collections of self-interest, and
dialog: then we just decide that now we're
dialog: two people walking along --
text: Caroline expels a hit of rock cocaine --
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: And Vanessa doesn't think she's pretty
dialog: so she does all these weird fucking
dialog: diets which is totally about self-
dialog: esteem. And she's beautiful.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And that's not even fair. Because
dialog: listen to me. I'm fucking lying
dialog: right now. This is exactly what I'm
dialog: talking about... I'm supposedly
dialog: talking about you, making some big
dialog: point about you, and it's really
dialog: about me. So I should talk about
dialog: me, not you, not even the universal
dialog: "you..."
dialog: (takes a beat)
dialog: Okay. Okay, I'm worried I'm not
dialog: really smart or that I'm not nearly
dialog: as smart as people think I am, or
dialog: that my parents' expectations have
dialog: been way too high since I was five,
dialog: I mean who knows they're going to
dialog: Harvard when they're five, not that
dialog: I'm blaming them for anything because
dialog: everything's great, and I may not
dialog: even get in, but we all feel this
dialog: shit and we never acknowledge it and
dialog: if we can't acknowledge it to the
dialog: people we care the most about then
dialog: who will we ever say it too and what
dialog: kind of life will that be?
text: They all look at each other with love. This is an adventure
dialog: and they're having a connection --
scene_heading: FUCKED-UP BOWMAN
text: I jack-off thinking about Seth.
dialog: Everybody I know does.
text: Bowman does another huge hit of freebase.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: Ach, that's what I'm talking about.
dialog: Sarcasm. Always fucking sarcasm.
dialog: You're afraid and you think if you
dialog: admit it people will think you're
dialog: weak or won't like you --
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: We live our lives by these unspoken
dialog: rules that are handed to us.
text: They all look at each other, vibrating with the moment --
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Let's be different --
scene_heading: FUCKED-UP BOWMAN
dialog: I can't feel my hands.
text: Bowman looks around, squinting, confused. He's chalk white.
scene_heading: FUCKED-UP BOWMAN
dialog: I'm serious --
text: Suddenly, he clutches his chest and begins to twitch. Puke
text: and foam come from his mouth. He seizes and falls from the
text: chair. Vanessa SCREAMS.
text: Seth and Caroline push the table aside to get a better look.
text: Other people in the kitchen slowly take notice.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
text: He's blue. He isn't breathing --
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Is he breathing?
text: Bowman's eyes have rolled back in his head.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: What do we do? Okay. Fucked-up
dialog: Bowman's turning blue. Doctor. We
dialog: need a doctor.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Your dad's a doctor. Call him --
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: He's a research doctor. You're
dialog: dad's a doctor, too --
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: What kind of research?
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Mapping the fucking pig genome.
dialog: We'll call your dad, he's a
dialog: neurosurgeon --
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: It's three a.m. I'm not supposed
dialog: to be here. I snuck out --
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Are you kidding... I'm staying
dialog: with you --
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: He's gonna fucking die right here
dialog: on the kitchen floor --
speaker_heading: ANOTHER KID
dialog: He can't. My parents are in
dialog: Barbados --
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN HOSPITAL EMERGENCY ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: The Taurus wagon races up to the emergency room of Suburban
text: Hospital. The back door opens and Bowman tumbles out onto
text: the wheelchair ramp under the fluorescent lights.
text: The car screeches around the circle --
text: ACROSS THE PARKING LOT
text: TWO OFFICERS in a police car see the body tumble out of the
dialog: car.
text: The cop car wheels around and cuts off the egress of the
dialog: Taurus wagon --
scene_heading: INT. FORD TAURUS WAGON - NIGHT
text: Seth is behind the wheel. Caroline and Vanessa are in the
text: back. They stare out at the cops getting out of the cruiser.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Nobody has anything on them, right?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. TORTURE ROOM - BARRACKS - DAY
text: Francisco is strapped naked into a chair. Duct tape covers
text: his mouth. His face is bruised and swollen. A cruel TORTURER
text: talks to him calmly while dumping chili powder into a
text: container of soda water.
speaker_heading: TORTURER
dialog: We know Tijuana Cartel gunmen killed
dialog: our chief of intelligence, Francisco.
dialog: We know you killed police commanders
dialog: in Tijuana and Mexico City. Why do
dialog: you resist?
text: He approaches Francisco and begins shaking up the soda water.
text: He rips the tape off his mouth.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: My father is rich. He'll pay you.
speaker_heading: TORTURER
dialog: Not the correct answer, my friend.
text: The torturer puts another strip of duct tape across
text: Francisco's mouth.
speaker_heading: TORTURER
dialog: We know that you went after the
dialog: neighbor of General Salazar, a simple
dialog: alfalfa farmer. His grand-daughter
dialog: was shot. This is stupid behavior,
dialog: Francisco.
text: Francisco starts to squirm and whimper. The torturer closes
text: one of Francisco's nostrils and sprays the pepper-laced water
text: into the other nostril.
text: It's like a bomb went off in Francisco's brain. He SCREAMS
text: and passes out. Blood and mucous oozes out of his nose.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - MEXICAN MILITARY BASE - DAY
text: Javier stands guard outside a door, listening to the
text: strangulated SCREAMS of Francisco. He's sickened.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE COURTYARD
text: Manolo ignores Francisco's CRIES, while shooting the shit
text: with several of Salazar's MEN, who laugh appreciatively at
dialog: something he's said.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AYALA HOME, SAN DIEGO - NIGHT
text: Valet parkers in uniform work the driveway. The party is
text: ablaze and there are lights in the trees. A Lester Lanin-
text: like band plays a STANDARD that drifts across the grounds.
scene_heading: EXT. AYALA HOME - NIGHT
text: A conservative monied crowd mingles. Helena is talking with
text: a GROUP of rich people who include her friends, Nan, Stewie
text: and Alex, from the country-club, and their HUSBANDS.
speaker_heading: STEWIE
dialog: This is fabulous, Helena. What a
dialog: turnout.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Thank you so much, but I had a lot
dialog: of help.
text: Helena circles away. As Helena leaves, the women speak their
dialog: minds --
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: It's a turnout because it's a
dialog: spectacle. Can you imagine?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I've met her husband, as nice as
dialog: they come.
speaker_heading: STEWIE
dialog: It teaches me a valuable lesson...
dialog: (re: the nice house)
dialog: Apparently crime pays.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Silly, you knew that already.
speaker_heading: ON THE STAGE
text: The band stops playing and steps aside as a man in a tuxedo
text: takes the microphone. Behind the band is a huge "A.L.A. -
dialog: Adult Literacy Advocates" Banner.
speaker_heading: TUXEDO
dialog: Hello. Thank you. Thank you all. I
dialog: have the results of the silent
dialog: auction...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JUVENILE DETENTION, CINCINNATI - HOLDING CELL - MORNING
text: Caroline Wakefield lies on a bench in a grey-walled holding
text: cell. She wears paper slippers and her belt has been removed.
text: Even youth can't disguise her hangover.
scene_heading: INT. SOCIAL WORKER OFFICE - MORNING
text: Caroline is perched on the edge of her chair. Across the
text: desk from her is a tired SOCIAL WORKER, 40's, who has been
text: assigned Caroline's case and is giving her the "exit"
dialog: interview.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: ...How old are you?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Sixteen
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: Live with your parents?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: Parents still together?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: Do you work?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I volunteer. I read to blind people.
dialog: One day a week for two hours.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: In school?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Cincinnati Country Day.
text: The Social worker looks up from her questionnaire and sees
text: Caroline for the first time.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: Private?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: How are your grades?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I'm third in my class.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: What's that mean?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I get A's. All A's.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: You do? What else you do?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (her college resume)
dialog: I'm a National Merit Finalist. I'm
text: on the Hi-Q team and the Math team.
dialog: I'm in the Spanish Club. I'm a
dialog: Thespian. I'm Vice-President of my
dialog: class. I'm on the volleyball team.
text: The social worker pushes the forms she's filling out away
text: and looks again at Caroline --
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: You wanna tell me what you're doing
dialog: here, Caroline?
scene_heading: INT. JUVENILE DETENTION - MORNING
text: A cold institutional lobby with hard plastic chairs and bad
text: lighting. Government workers move behind thick glass windows
text: with tiny mesh screens cut into them for talking.
text: Barbara Wakefield sits on one of the uncomfortable chairs.
text: She's alone and has been crying. There's the sound of heavily
text: locked doors OPENING and Caroline appears.
text: Barbara stands and wraps Caroline in her arms.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Oh, honey. Are you all right?
text: Caroline begins to cry into her mother's chest.
scene_heading: EXT. JUVI JAIL - MORNING
text: It's an early morning as Barbara Wakefield escorts her
text: daughter from the bland government building.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Did you tell Dad?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Are you going to?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Is this bad for him?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: What do you think?
text: The streets are deserted. Their Saab wagon sits forlornly
text: under grey skies in an uncovered public parking lot.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DAVID'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Helena slips into David's room and quietly watches him sleep.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - LATER
text: Still wearing her evening gown, Helena collapses into a chair,
text: exhausted. A TAP at the door startles her.
text: It's Arnie Metzger, who goes to the bar and pours himself a
text: strong one. They sit opposite each other and neither speaks
dialog: for a while.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I am on the board of my son's school.
dialog: I had a fundraiser for A.L.V. in my
dialog: front yard. I have a right to know
dialog: if my husband is a legitimate
dialog: businessman.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Of course he is. I've known him for
dialog: twenty years and he doesn't jaywalk...
text: Helena is relieved, but she's not looking at Arnie and when
text: she does she sees him shaking his head in a very definitive,
dialog: "No."
text: Arnie stands and continues talking as he walks to the windows
text: and shuts the blinds one by one.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: ...Carl is a very important member
dialog: of this community and when we're
dialog: through suing the police and the
dialog: district attorney and the DEA, they'll
dialog: have to rename the public parks for
dialog: your husband.
text: The blinds are closed. Arnie crosses to Helena and talks
text: very softly in her ear. She's a beautiful woman and Arnie
dialog: manages to make this act seem both practical and
dialog: inappropriate.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Your husband is very good at his
dialog: job...
text: Helena leans back and looks at Arnie. He whispers more --
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Which is smuggling illegal drugs
dialog: into this country.
scene_heading: EXT. AYALA HOME - NIGHT
text: Workers break down the party under the watchful eye of the
text: party planner. The neighborhood is quiet. There is a
text: telephone repair van parked up the street.
scene_heading: INT. VAN - NIGHT
text: Castro and Gordon have visual and audio equipment trained on
text: the Ayala home. They both wear headsets.
text: GORDON'S POV: the blinds covering Helena's study glowing
text: peacefully.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
text: They're whispering. I can't hear
dialog: them, but I know it. I smell
dialog: conspiracy. I feel the lie vibrating
text: out of the home.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: She ain't in on it.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: I have dreams about this, actual
dialog: dreams about busting the top people,
dialog: the rich people, the white people.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I'm telling you, she doesn't know
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
text: She knows Arnie Metzger.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: So does half of San Diego.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: You want to make a wager on this?
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - NIGHT
text: The music is still playing. Helena looks numb. She motions
text: Arnie to her. He leans in.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: If all our assets are frozen and our
dialog: "sales force" has scattered... How
dialog: am I supposed to survive? I'm giving
dialog: birth in three months. How do I get
dialog: through this?
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: You're gonna get through it, but the
dialog: first thing we do is get Michael
dialog: Adler to represent Carl. We get
dialog: Adler and we beat this thing.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: How much do I pay him?
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: I suspect he'll accept his payment
dialog: in publicity.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WAKEFIELD HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A large, well-maintained Colonial on Mockingbird Valley Road,
text: an upper-middle class neighborhood in the wealthy East End
text: of Cincinnati. Leaves fall on the Saab wagon in the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT'S STUDY - NIGHT
text: Robert is looking at Caroline and he's not happy. Barbara
text: is there, at a neutral distance from both of them.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Caroline? How well did you know
dialog: this boy who overdosed?
text: She looks up beseechingly.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: He didn't hang around us. He's like
dialog: one of those hippie kids. I'm not
dialog: part of that group. It was a party
text: in all these rooms. His girlfriend
dialog: who I barely know was completely
text: hysterical... He's blue, he's
dialog: puking... We didn't want to get in
dialog: trouble, but what were we supposed
dialog: to do?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I mean, what would you have done if
dialog: you had been us?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: How well do you know this boy, Seth,
dialog: who was driving? You know the police
dialog: have charged him with a DUI and
dialog: possession of marijuana.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: He's a friend. He's also like the
dialog: only one who was dealing with the
dialog: situation. He'd definitely had a
dialog: few beers, but it's not like he wanted
dialog: to drive. We didn't know what else
dialog: to do.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It wasn't my pot.
text: She searches her parents' faces. It has been a convincing
dialog: performance and she expects victory.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Okay, honey. We understand. You're
dialog: mother and I have to talk.
text: Caroline is confused by this reaction.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Honey, we'd like to talk alone.
text: Caroline stands abruptly --
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Like always.
text: Caroline leaves the study and shuts the door harder than
dialog: necessary.
text: Robert and Barbara look at each other, raising their eyebrows
dialog: and breathing deeply --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I think she's lying.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Me, too.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (reaching a decision)
dialog: We'll ground her, clip her wings a
dialog: bit. School and scheduled activities
dialog: and that's it until further notice.
dialog: This has to be handled delicately.
dialog: Dan Kelly, in the District Attorney's
dialog: office, will probably help us out,
dialog: quietly. Christ, this could be
dialog: embarrassing.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Honey, this is difficult, but we've
dialog: all had our moments. I tried --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Stop. You experimented in college.
dialog: I don't want to hear about that.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Should we take the quotes off
dialog: experiment and call it what it is?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: This is different.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: To begin with, she's only sixteen
dialog: years-old.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I think she has to find out for
dialog: herself, on her own. We have to
dialog: allow her space --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Space for what? To O.D. like that
dialog: other kid? I will not send the
dialog: message that this type of behavior
dialog: is okay with her parents. Because
dialog: it isn't. Correct?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: We don't want to push her away.
dialog: These are growing experiences.
text: Robert looks at his wife, then it dawns on him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: How long have you known about this?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: How long have you known?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Six months. I found some marijuana,
dialog: that's all. And a little pipe about
dialog: two inches long. I talked with her.
dialog: She said her friends smoked pot and
dialog: drank --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Explain to me how you could think
dialog: that I shouldn't know about this.
dialog: Explain to me how this wouldn't be
dialog: relevant to me. As a parent.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: She asked me not to.
text: He leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Robert is in the hallway, at Caroline's door. He opens it
text: and we get BLASTED WITH MUSIC.
text: Caroline is sitting in a rocking chair with headphones on.
text: She faces the window and moves back and forth, back and forth.
text: Robert calls her name, but the SOUNDTRACK is drowning him
dialog: out.
text: He calls again, this time apparently loud enough for her to
text: hear. She takes the headphones off - the MUSIC stops - and
text: turns to look at him. Or rather, she looks right through
text: him, as though he didn't exist. Robert is so taken aback by
text: the coldness of her gaze that he doesn't speak.
text: She turns away from him and puts the headphones back on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE - MEXICO - DAY
text: Javier and Salazar walk across the base. Salazar is feeling
text: ebullient and it shows.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: You watch and learn. I earn his
dialog: trust. Then more pain. Then I appear
dialog: with kindness. Within a week he
dialog: will follow me around like a dog.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: But will he be house-trained?
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: When he loves me like a father, he
dialog: will never tell anyone he was here.
dialog: He will freely give the names of his
dialog: superiors. Then we get them and
dialog: they too will give us names. And
dialog: eventually somebody will get us to
dialog: Juan Obregon and the cartel will
dialog: fall.
text: They enter the barracks.
scene_heading: INT. CELL - MEXICAN MILITARY BASE - DAY
text: It's pitch black in the cell. There's a human in here, but
dialog: we can't see him.
text: Suddenly the door is thrown open and light floods in,
text: illuminating a very broken Francisco Flores.
text: The figure of Commander Salazar fills the doorway.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
text: This is shameful. A disgrace.
dialog: Francisco Flores --
text: Francisco cowers in the corners --
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: It's all right, son. It's all right.
dialog: Salazar is here. You're among
dialog: gentlemen, now. This shameful
dialog: treatment will stop immediately.
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Guard!
text: A GUARD appears in the doorway. Francisco is spooked.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: I want to know who is responsible
dialog: for this treatment.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Yes, sir!
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: We aren't barbarians.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Yes, sir!
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: Bring this man a change of good
dialog: clothes. Has he eaten?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I don't know, sir.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: (to Francisco)
dialog: You will dine with me from now on.
text: Francisco moves closer to Salazar already feeling safe in
dialog: his presence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE, SAN DIEGO - DAY
text: A packed courthouse. Carl is at the defense table. He
text: doesn't look at Helena who sits in the gallery next to Arnie
dialog: Metzger.
text: The PROSECUTOR is finishing his argument --
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
text: This is a man who heads a large
dialog: criminal organization with
dialog: international contacts we can only
dialog: begin to understand. Our case against
dialog: him is very strong. He is not a
text: flight risk. His flight is assured.
dialog: The people ask that your honor denies
dialog: bail.
text: The prosecutor sits. Carl's defense lawyer, MICHAEL ADLER,
text: from the Georgetown party, stands and speaks.
speaker_heading: ADLER
dialog: My client is no more a flight risk
dialog: than your Honor or the able
dialog: prosecutor. He is a pillar of his
text: community, a family man with a wife
dialog: and child in La Jolla, the community
dialog: where he has made his home for over
dialog: twenty years. As our defense will
dialog: quickly show, my client is guilty of
dialog: nothing more than being a handy target
dialog: for an admitted criminal. Therefore
dialog: we ask that you release Carl Ayala
text: on his own recognizance.
text: Adler sits. The JUDGE makes a quick decision.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I'm gonna deny bail.
text: The judge SLAMS his gavel. The crowd is on its feet. Carl
text: tries to get a glimpse of Helena. They make eye contact.
text: Reporters from the press gallery are yelling for Helena.
text: Arnie ushers her away.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: Adler, Arnie, and Helena push through a crowd toward her
dialog: car.
text: There are several reporters there who ask questions --
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Mrs. Ayala, were you aware your
dialog: husband is the largest cocaine
dialog: smuggler in America?
speaker_heading: ADLER
dialog: Alleged, people, alleged.
text: Helena gets into her car and slams the door. Adler faces
dialog: the reporters.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Mrs. Ayala is it true your husband
dialog: has ordered a hit on Eduardo Ruiz?
text: Adler is in a role he relishes. Helena drives away. We
text: move up to Gordon, who is watching from the hotel window
text: across the street. He speaks into a walkie-talkie, and a
text: car down below pulls out to follow Helena.
speaker_heading: ADLER
text: Carl Ayala sits on the board of the
text: Children's Hospital. He is heavily
dialog: involved with Adult Literacy. He
text: has a small boy and another child on
dialog: the way. If you spread this kind of
dialog: innuendo, you can expect legal
dialog: recourse. Are we clear on this point?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNMENT BUILDING - EARLY MORNING
text: The marble government corridors are empty. No one is in
dialog: yet.
text: One office has lights on.
scene_heading: INT. A.D.A. KELLY'S OFFICE - EARLY MORNING
text: Robert Wakefield talks with an Assistant District Attorney,
scene_heading: DAN KELLY, 40's.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I appreciate you coming in so early.
scene_heading: A.D.A. KELLY
dialog: Judge Wakefield, it's an honor to
dialog: handle it for you. Consider it gone
dialog: away. She's a minor; it probably
dialog: would've expunged on her 18th birthday
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Still, this was a sensitive issue
dialog: for me and I wanted to thank you
dialog: personally.
scene_heading: A.D.A. KELLY
dialog: Like I said, open container, P.I.,
dialog: Misdemeanor possession. Easy to
dialog: make it disappear. For you, poof,
text: it's gone.
text: A.D.A. Kelly thinks a moment, then tries for tact.
scene_heading: A.D.A. KELLY
dialog: One thing bothers me... That kid
dialog: they dropped off had coke and heroin
dialog: in him. Serious amounts. He's lucky
dialog: he lived. So I gotta ask: what's
dialog: your daughter on?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I don't know what you mean.
scene_heading: A.D.A. KELLY
dialog: I mean, did you ask her? What kind
dialog: of drugs has she tried?
text: Robert is silent for a beat.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I... I don't really know.
scene_heading: A.D.A. KELLY
dialog: Is she in any kind of therapy...
dialog: professional help?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: No, of course not. She's one of the
dialog: top students at her school.
scene_heading: A.D.A. KELLY
dialog: Well, I hope it stays that way.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT'S CAR - EARLY MORNING
text: Robert in his car, thinking. The streets are empty. He
text: picks up the cell phone.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: It's Robert. Wipe your schedule
dialog: clean for the next three days. I'm
dialog: tired of talking to experts who never
text: set foot outside the beltway. It's
text: time to see the front lines.
scene_heading: INT. CAROLINE WAKEFIELD'S BATHROOM - MORNING
text: Caroline sits on the toilet in her private bathroom. She's
text: not going to the bathroom, it's a seat and she's wearing her
text: pajamas. She's reading a magazine. The exhaust fan is on.
text: There are pictures of her and her friends on the walls: goofy
text: pictures from camp, from school, a collage she's made with
text: cutouts from magazine pictures and copy.
text: On the sink next to her is a little square of well-charred
text: aluminum foil; she's done many hits. She leans over and
text: picks up a small piece of crack cocaine from a small pile in
text: her soap dish. She drops it on a clean place on the foil.
text: She picks up a lighter and the tube of a ball point pen she's
text: turned into a straw.
text: She heats the bottom of the foil. The crack "crackles."
text: She chases the smoke across the foil. A huge hit. She leans
text: her head back, her eyes roll back, she tries to focus on the
text: magazine, on anything, she stares up at the ceiling.
text: She holds it as long as she can then blows it toward the
dialog: exhaust fan.
text: Caroline looks at her watch. It's 7:20. She stands suddenly,
text: unsteadily. She looks at herself in the mirror.
text: She's really high and indecisive. She looks around wildly.
text: She sees the shower. She turns it on. She drops her pajamas.
text: She goes back to the foil and hits another piece of the rock,
text: taking another really big hit. She crushes the foil and
text: flushes it down the toilet. She hops in the shower.
speaker_heading: IN THE SHOWER
text: The water streams over her face. After a long beat she
text: finally exhales the smoke of the hit through the water and
text: steam. She's in ecstacy.
text: It's almost time to leave for school.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LA JOLLA PLAYGROUND - DAY
text: Helena reads a book, Madame Bovary by Gustave Flaubert, and
text: keeps an eye on David, who is playing on the monkey bars.
text: ACROSS THE ROAD at a careful distance is the ubiquitous
text: telephone repair van. On the roof a parabolic mike swivels
dialog: around.
scene_heading: INT. TELEPHONE REPAIR VAN - DAY
text: Castro and Gordon watch Helena via a small surveillance
dialog: monitor.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You should see little Montel play.
text: Little Montel is the next Maradona.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: Maradona is a cokehead. Hand of
dialog: God, my ass. We're wasting our time
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: He won. He was a winner. That
dialog: bothers you.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: Winners don't do coke. Or haven't
dialog: you been reading the bumper stickers?
text: Gordon looks at the monitor --
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: What do we have here?
scene_heading: ON THE MONITOR:
text: David kicking a soccer ball with an
dialog: older strange man, TIGRILLO, Latino,
text: 40's, fit and tough looking.
text: The man is very good. He juggles the ball and bounces it
text: off his head and David follows him away from the center of
dialog: the playground.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYGROUND - CONTINUOUS
text: Helena notices David moving away while playing with the man.
text: She follows, then begins to jog after them.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: David, come back here this minute.
dialog: David!
text: As she closes distance the man stops juggling the ball and
text: abruptly picks up David and begins swinging him around by
text: his arms. David is having fun as Helena approaches.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: David --
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We're playing!
text: The strange man swings David up so that he's under his arm.
speaker_heading: STRANGE MAN
dialog: Yeah, this is fun.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Please put down my son.
text: The man holds David.
speaker_heading: STRANGE MAN
dialog: Shouldn't let your kid wander off
dialog: with strangers.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Thank you. That's a valuable lesson.
dialog: David, come on.
text: The strange man holds David tighter so that he's no longer
text: having fun. He begins to wriggle --
speaker_heading: STRANGE MAN
dialog: Mrs. Ayala --
dialog: This gets her attention --
speaker_heading: STRANGE MAN
dialog: Your husband owes a lot of money.
dialog: Enough that snapping this kid's neck
dialog: wouldn't nearly cover it.
text: David begins to cry. Helena looks around wildly for help.
speaker_heading: STRANGE MAN
dialog: You better come up with it in a hurry
dialog: or your kid is going to disappear,
dialog: and he won't turn up until the evening
dialog: news.
text: He drops David who runs to his mother.
speaker_heading: STRANGE MAN
dialog: You get exactly one warning.
text: The strange man moves away across the field.
speaker_heading: STRANGE MAN
dialog: The first payment is three million
dialog: dollars.
text: He continues walking away.
scene_heading: INT. TELEPHONE REPAIR VAN - DAY
text: Gordon and Castro stare with rapt attention.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Are you getting this on tape?
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: I love my job. I love it. The next
dialog: time I'm having a bad day you gotta
dialog: remind me of right now and I'll get
text: over it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: Javier and Manolo stand guard outside the front door of the
text: dining hall. Javi smokes a cigarette.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: A group of us are going out tonight.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: Guzman, Tomas, Esteban --
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Your new friends.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: Yeah. It should be fun. You wanna
dialog: come?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Not this time.
scene_heading: INT. DINING HALL - BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: Francisco and Salazar eat at a beautifully set table. They
text: are waited on by military officers who serve perfect flan at
text: the end of the meal.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: In my home I have B&amp;W speakers. I
dialog: recently purchased a compact disc
dialog: burner. I can make my own cd's,
dialog: with whatever music I like, as if I
dialog: bought them at the store, only I
dialog: don't have to pay these crazy prices.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: We have much in common. We both
dialog: attended school in the United States,
dialog: and both of our fathers are engineers.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: I got into stereo equipment when I
dialog: was a kid. Some people don't notice
dialog: the difference but it is very
dialog: important to me.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: Of course it is. Have some more
dialog: wine.
text: A soldier pours another glass of red for Francisco.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: Now, Francisco, my friend... I must
dialog: know where these men are who killed
dialog: my captains. Not where they were
dialog: last week, but where they are today,
dialog: and better still, tomorrow.
dialog: You are clever. You can predict
dialog: where they will be, can't you?
text: Francisco begins to weep.
text: Salazar slides a pad of paper toward Francisco who slowly
text: begins writing.
scene_heading: EXT. TIJUANA NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: Manolo and Javier pound on the front door of an apartment.
text: A MAN opens the door and they grab him.
scene_heading: EXT. TIJUANA STREETS - DAY
text: A MAN walks down the street. Two SUV's pull up in front of
text: him. He starts to run. Salazar's men jump out and chase
dialog: him.
text: Francisco is in the backseat of one of the SUV's, watching.
scene_heading: EXT. TIJUANA - DAY
text: An SUV pulls up to a curb.
scene_heading: INT. SUV - DAY
text: Javier and Manolo and Francisco sit in the SUV. Francisco
text: is weeping.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: I can't go home. I don't want to
dialog: go. Please don't make me.
text: He looks beseechingly at them.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: It's not our decision.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: I'll be killed.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Stop complaining. Nobody knows what
dialog: you've been up to.
text: They push him out of the SUV.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SAN DIEGO JAIL - DAY
text: Castro and Gordon sit with Eduardo Ruiz in a conference room.
text: They are recording his statements.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: Carlos, I mean Carl, started out in
dialog: the family connection business: real
dialog: estate in Tijuana, fishing boats out
text: of Ensenada, hydroponic raspberries.
dialog: He met up with the Obregon brothers
dialog: of the Tijuana Cartel who were
dialog: interested in two things: entering
dialog: society and using his fishing boats.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: So you pay off our customs officials?
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: In Mexico law enforcement is an
dialog: entrepreneurial activity, this is
dialog: not so true for the USA.
dialog: (condescending)
dialog: Using regression analysis we made a
dialog: study of the customs lanes at the
dialog: border and calculated the odds of a
dialog: search. The odds are not high, and
dialog: we found variables that reduce the
dialog: odds. We hire drivers with nothing
dialog: to lose. Then we throw a lot of
dialog: product at the problem. Some get
dialog: stopped. Enough get through. It's
dialog: not difficult.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: You'd think he wasn't sitting here
dialog: facing life in prison.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: This has worked for years and it
dialog: will continue to work for years.
dialog: NAFTA makes everything more difficult
dialog: for you. The border is disappearing.
dialog: (pointing at them)
dialog: You people are like those Japanese
text: soldiers left behind on deserted
dialog: islands who think that World War II
text: is still going on.
dialog: (with total disdain)
dialog: Let me be the first to tell you,
dialog: your government surrendered this war
dialog: a long time ago.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (to Castro)
dialog: This attitude's not gonna help him
dialog: any, is it?
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: I got greedy. I decided to bring a
dialog: little in on my own and somebody
dialog: tipped you off. That was my mistake.
dialog: Carl would never be so stupid.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: He hired you. That was a mistake.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: Carl and I were friends from
dialog: childhood. He was loyal, that's not
dialog: a mistake.
scene_heading: EXT. TIJUANA - SAN DIEGO BORDER CROSSING - DAY
text: Car after car, an unending multi-lane stream of vehicles
text: moving into the U.S. Any of these cars could be carrying
dialog: drugs.
scene_heading: INT. CUSTOMS CONTROL BOOTH - DAY
text: On an elevated walkway, this booth commands a view of
text: everything. Robert and Sheridan listen to an OFFICIAL give
dialog: the spiel.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: The busiest land border crossing in
dialog: the world. Over forty-one thousand
dialog: vehicles per day, twenty-two thousand
dialog: pedestrians on foot. I think we do
dialog: a pretty good job but we know a lot
text: of drugs are still getting through.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Any idea how much?
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: I've read official estimates but I
dialog: wouldn't bet my house on them. I've
dialog: heard the entire cocaine supply for
dialog: the United States can fit into four
text: tractor-trailers.
dialog: (gestures to the
dialog: traffic)
dialog: At least a half-dozen of those cars
dialog: right out there are carrying a load
dialog: of dope, with drivers employed by
dialog: people who don't give a damn if
dialog: they're caught or not.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: What do you look for?
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: We ask questions and measure the
text: answers. When something doesn't
dialog: ring true, a fact that doesn't make
text: sense, a slight hesitation, then
text: it's off to secondary for a closer
dialog: look. Before NAFTA we had about 1.9
dialog: million trucks a year. Now it's
dialog: almost double. Pretty soon there'll
dialog: be Mexican truck companies that will
dialog: have as much freedom in crossing the
dialog: border as American truck companies.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Any way we can do it better?
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Sure. More money in intelligence on
dialog: their side of the border. So we
dialog: have a better idea who we're looking
dialog: for. More dogs. More people.
dialog: Supposed to be getting some giant x-
dialog: ray machines to run the trucks
dialog: through. Outside of martial law
dialog: that's about the best you're gonna
dialog: do.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But, I should tell you, there are
dialog: two things that really have us on
dialog: edge right now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In the last six months seizures have
dialog: tripled, even though we're pulling
text: over the same number of cars. What
dialog: does that tell you?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: That triple the amount of stuff is
dialog: going through.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Right. But, that's not the biggest
dialog: problem. One of our Intel officers
dialog: picked up information from DEA that
dialog: traffickers have come up with a
dialog: process, a chemical process, to turn
text: coke into something else. It doesn't
text: smell like coke. It doesn't look
dialog: like coke. And what's worse, it
dialog: doesn't react to field test. It
dialog: could be anything. Maybe it's already
dialog: happening. I mean, how would we
dialog: know?
text: Robert looks out at the border activity. It's anarchy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AYALA STUDY - AFTERNOON
text: Helena is on the floor surrounded by papers. She's made
dialog: piles of certain things: articles of incorporation,
dialog: shipping/transfer documentation, bank statements, credit
text: card statements. She holds a telephone to her ear --
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Yes, hi Jenny, account number 4168
dialog: 2245 3173... I need a cash advance.
text: Helena walks into her kitchen. It's serene in the afternoon
text: light. She fixes ice-cold lemonade and fills two plastic
dialog: cups.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: What's the largest amount I can get?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Okay, I guess that'll have to do.
text: Helena hangs up the phone. She takes the two cups of lemonade
text: to the front door and steps outside.
scene_heading: EXT. AYALA HOME - AFTERNOON
text: Helena carries the cups down the driveway. She presses a
text: button and the gates swing open.
scene_heading: INT. TELEPHONE REPAIR VAN - AFTERNOON
text: Gordon and Castro listen to their headsets. Suddenly --
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: (over their headsets)
dialog: Okay. She's coming out. She's
dialog: leaving her property. Okay, she
text: seems to be heading for the van!
text: She is approaching the van!
text: Castro and Gordon looks at each other.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: What do we do?
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: I don't know.
text: There's a KNOCKING at the door of the van.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: What do you think she wants?
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: She's your girlfriend. Open it,
dialog: talk about your kids.
text: Gordon opens the door. Helena is standing there with the
dialog: lemonade.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I so hope I didn't startle you. I
dialog: thought you might like some cold
dialog: lemonade.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Uh... Thank you.
text: She hands the cups to him. Helena gathers herself.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I know this is a difficult situation
dialog: and you're only doing your jobs. I
dialog: don't bear you any ill-will, but I
dialog: do have a small favor to ask.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: You want to ask us a favor?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: A man threatened my children.
dialog: These charges have attracted a lot
dialog: of attention and it seems to be
dialog: bringing all the nut-jobs out of the
dialog: nut jar.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Would you keep an eye out for anything
dialog: out of the ordinary. I don't know
dialog: what else to do.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Of course, we will.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Thank you.
text: They shut the door to the van and sit for a moment.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: It's probably poisoned.
text: Gordon takes a big sip of his.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: It's good. Not too sweet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. TIJUANA STREET - MORNING
text: This is a questionable neighborhood pushed up against the
dialog: edge of poverty.
text: Anna hurries across the street.
scene_heading: EXT. JAVI'S APARTMENT BUILDING - MORNING
text: Anna walks up the stairs of a rundown building. She passes
text: two PROSTITUTES loitering in the stairwell.
text: She knocks on a door and Javi, half-dressed for work, answers.
text: He's surprised to see her.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Anna. What's wrong? What do you
dialog: want?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I can't find Manolo.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: He's not here.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: He never came home last night. Was
dialog: he with you?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: No.
text: He lets her into the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. JAVI'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: A small, clean room with a partition for the sleeping area.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I'm worried. Last time he was out
dialog: late, I went through his clothes
text: while he was asleep.
text: She pulls out a plastic packet with the scorpion insignia
text: and 911 stamped on it.
text: Javier thinks a beat.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: I'll find him.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - TIJUANA - DAY
text: Javi slams Manolo against the side of building.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
dialog: You're supposed to be at work.
dialog: Look at you.
text: Manolo is sweaty and crazy-eyed.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: It's no problem. I was just with
dialog: everybody we work with.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Oh, really. General Salazar was
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: No, but a lot of other people. You
dialog: should come. You should come out
dialog: with us.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Go home. Get cleaned up. Get to
text: work. Salazar is heading down to
dialog: Mexico City next week and I'm not
dialog: getting left behind. Don't fuck
dialog: this up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COFFEE KIOSK - TIJUANA - DAY
text: Javi buys a cup of coffee. He turns. Two men, who will
text: come to be known as AGENT HUGHES and AGENT JOHNSON, are
text: standing close. Agent Hughes speaks without looking at him.
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: The word going around is you're not
dialog: that happy in your work.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Maybe we can help.
text: Hughes sticks a business card in Javi's pocket. Javi watches
text: them walk away. It's all done so smoothly and quickly, it's
text: over before Javi even knows what happened.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST END - CINCINNATI - DAY
dialog: It's the bad part of urban Cincinnati in the daylight:
text: projects and blighted row houses. Seth and Caroline walk
text: with a slouched, alert air. In their mind's eye they are
text: prep-school gangsters following a familiar route.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: You know my dad takes eight red cold
dialog: pills every day? He and my mom have
dialog: cocktail hour every night, from six
dialog: to seven, set your clock, two bourbons --
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Maybe we could show up and smoke a
dialog: little rock with them to unwind --
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Yeah, then some dope to take the
text: edge off at the end of a long day.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Have you done your homework, honey?
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Yes, mom --
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Then here's a little bump.
text: They turn down a street with a lot of activity on it.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Drugs weren't even a problem until a
dialog: hundred years ago when the white men
dialog: in power declared them a problem.
dialog: Opiates. But, who was using 'em?
dialog: Chinese immigrants. Slave labor.
dialog: And the darkies up in the inner cities
dialog: dancing to them evil rhythms of ju-
text: ju music. People on the fringe.
dialog: Artists. Decadent rich people. And
dialog: who got scared? White men in power.
dialog: Who's scared today? White men in
dialog: power. If J.P. Morgan and John D.
dialog: Rockefeller ever admitted using,
dialog: it'd be a whole different story.
text: TWO YOUNG STREET DEALERS fall in step with them. One talks
dialog: without moving his lips --
speaker_heading: STREET DEALER
dialog: What you want?
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: 911, and the come down.
text: One dealer hurries ahead toward the doorway of a falling-
dialog: down building.
speaker_heading: STREET DEALER
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Two hundred of C, hundred of the
dialog: other.
text: The dealer looks them over. He looks behind them down the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Come on... We've been here before.
speaker_heading: STREET DEALER
dialog: Then, let's see your money.
text: Seth and Caroline are suspicious. They carefully show money
text: they both have in their front right pockets. The dealer
text: feints like he might grab it.
speaker_heading: STREET DEALER
dialog: Up the steps. You the experts. You
dialog: know what to do.
text: They hurry up the steps into the dingy brownstone.
scene_heading: INT. ROW HOUSE - DAY
text: They step into the narrow foyer between the outer door and
text: the inner door. There are three other PEOPLE waiting
text: nervously. An older JUNKIE shoots them a crazy look --
speaker_heading: JUNKIE
dialog: What are you two, about twelve?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Fuck off.
text: They wait. Finally, the first dealer appears in the inner
text: door and lets them through.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST FLOOR CORRIDOR - DAY
text: They wait in a line in the narrow, poorly lit corridor. At
text: the end of the hall a hatch in a door slides back and the
text: drugstore is open. People buy and leave.
text: Seth and Caroline approach. In the hatch is a hardened
text: dealer, 20's, named SKETCH, which is tattooed on his forearm.
text: He checks out Caroline's body.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Caroline, give me your money.
text: She hands over her money to Seth who pays and gets the drugs:
text: gram baggies of rock stamped with a scorpion and "911," and
text: wax-paper bindles of heroin, also labeled, "911."
text: Caroline has been watching the transaction. Sketch makes
text: slow eye contact with Caroline. After a beat --
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: Goodbye... Caroline.
text: Seth and Caroline make their way out of the building.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Yeah, right.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - DAY
text: Seth and Caroline hold hands as they hurry down the steps.
text: The lookout speaks without moving his lips.
speaker_heading: STREET DEALER
dialog: Now, get the fuck out of here.
text: Caroline stops suddenly. She pulls Seth to her and kisses
text: him hard. There's no better moment than the one right after
dialog: scoring before you start using.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA ELAINE - DAY
text: A flophouse of the seediest variety: wino in the doorway,
text: prostitute taking care of business, everyone fresh out of
dialog: institutions and graveyards.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA ELAINE - DAY
text: They approach the front desk which is behind six inches of
dialog: glass.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: We'd like room 205.
speaker_heading: DESKMAN
dialog: Then you hand me twenty-eight dollars.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 205 - VILLA ELAINE - DAY
text: They enter and the light bulb goes out. Seth fumbles his
text: way to the mini-fridge, which he opens, throwing feeble light
text: across the floor.
text: They check out the decrepit room: the sloping mattress, the
text: black and white television bolted to the bureau. The mini-
text: fridge. Caroline bounces on the bed. They are teenagers.
text: Seth prepares the drugs by the light of the mini-fridge.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: I love this place.
text: Seth dumps the drugs on the bedside table. From other pockets
text: he extracts aluminum foil, lighter, tube. She trails away
text: watching him fix the first hit.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Did Courtney Love play Nancy in Syd
dialog: and Nancy?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I think so. If she didn't she should
dialog: have.
dialog: (checks her watch)
dialog: I've only got maybe an hour. Then
dialog: volleyball practice is over and I
dialog: have to be home.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Why? Nobody's there.
text: He prepares the first hit. She does it and lies back. He
dialog: does one.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (blowing out the hit)
dialog: The maid... They ask her what time I
text: get back. She spies for them.
text: Seth starts kissing her. They try to get into it, but both
text: of them are thinking about the drugs.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I wish we could stay here. Just be
dialog: here forever and ever. Make it a
dialog: little home.
text: She leans over to snort a tiny line of heroin.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: I want to have sex and do a hit right
dialog: as we're coming.
text: Caroline's distracted by the line she's snorting. After a
dialog: while...
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Okay.
text: Seth begins undoing her jeans.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EPIC BUNKER LOBBY - DAY
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: EL PASO, TEXAS
text: Robert and Sheridan listen to the official tour of the EPIC
scene_heading: center delivered by the SPECIAL-AGENT-IN-CHARGE, 40, a sincere
text: weight-lifter with a sincere crew-cut.
scene_heading: SPECIAL-AGENT-IN-CHARGE
text: ...Over 200 DEA field agents, a budget
dialog: of almost 100 million dollars and
dialog: state of the art communications
dialog: equipment make the El Paso Information
dialog: Center the Drug Enforcement
dialog: Administration's flagship for the
dialog: 21st century.
scene_heading: INT. EPIC BUNKER CAFETERIA - DAY
text: A huge lunchroom. Long plastic institutional tables and
dialog: agents minding their own business,
text: Robert, Sheridan, and their Epic Guide walk through. They
text: pass a wall of black and white head shots --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Who are these guys?
scene_heading: SPECIAL-AGENT-IN-CHARGE
text: Agents who died in the field.
scene_heading: EXT. BINOCULAR POV - DAY
text: of large mansion with manicured grounds. The back lawn is
text: filled with children, balloons, a merry-go-round, and pony
text: rides. It's a sumptuous children's birthday party.
scene_heading: SPECIAL-AGENT-IN-CHARGE
dialog: That house, that you see from the
dialog: DEA headquarters, belonged to Porfirio
dialog: Madrigal -- the Lord of the Skies,
dialog: largest trafficker in Mexico.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ROBERT
text: looking through the binoculars.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: He died in a liposuction surgery,
dialog: right?
scene_heading: SPECIAL-AGENT-IN-CHARGE
dialog: Right. Now it's used by somebody
dialog: from the Juarez Cartel, one of his
dialog: lieutenants... Who knows?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Every damn day there's birthday party.
dialog: At first I thought they must have
dialog: three hundred children, then I
dialog: realized they're taunting us. Three
dialog: miles away and we can't touch them.
dialog: Ha, ha, ha.
text: BINOCULAR POV: a child running in circles holding a clutch
text: of colored balloons.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Who do we interface with on their
dialog: side?
scene_heading: SPECIAL-AGENT-IN-CHARGE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I mean, who runs interdiction on the
dialog: Mexico side?
scene_heading: SPECIAL-AGENT-IN-CHARGE
dialog: I don't know. I don't think there's
dialog: any one person.
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: See the problem is the Juarez cartel
dialog: owns everything and everybody, all
dialog: the property on the Mexican side,
dialog: sometimes all the property on both
dialog: sides. Warehouses, transportation,
dialog: even tunnels. It's very organized.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAMAC - DAY
text: Robert, walking with purpose, leads his group to their plane.
scene_heading: INT. MILITARY JET - DAY
text: Robert and Sheridan and several DEA, Law Enforcement, and
dialog: Military Officials. It's a nice plane, used for important
dialog: people and Robert has the best seat.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I want everyone thinking out the box
dialog: for a second. What are we gonna do
dialog: about Mexico?
dialog: (silence)
dialog: Come on, guys. Out of the box.
text: The men on the plane just stare at him. Finally the REP
text: FROM DEA leans forward.
speaker_heading: REP FROM DEA
dialog: Unlimited funds?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Unlimited.
speaker_heading: REP FROM DEA
dialog: From a DEA standpoint we need a vetted
dialog: task force and matching funds. And
dialog: cut the red tape on getting them
dialog: equipment and training.
text: Robert turns to the others.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Come on. I want to hear from
dialog: everyone: FBI. Customs. Treatment.
dialog: Is there anyone from treatment on
dialog: this plane?
dialog: (no one answers)
dialog: Then I want an answer for why there
dialog: isn't anyone from treatment.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, we know we have to bust one of
dialog: these cartels, Juarez or Tijuana,
dialog: not just as a symbol, but hell yes,
dialog: also as a symbol - they are symbols -
dialog: and there's nothing wrong with sending
dialog: a message. That's why when Carlos
dialog: Ayala hired Michael Adler lead
dialog: defense, I flew Ben Williams to San
dialog: Diego to prosecute. Because he's
dialog: the best we have, he's our symbol
dialog: that we're serious about putting the
dialog: top people away.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, as of right now, this flight
dialog: only, consider the dam on new ideas
text: thrown open.
text: Still, no one else says anything. They watch Robert
text: impassively.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: If I'm not mistaken, we got DEA,
dialog: Pentagon, U.S. Attorneys office,
dialog: about a billion dollars of budget
dialog: right here. So what are you people
dialog: waiting for?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. SAN DIEGO OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: Establishing shot of a tall glass building in the downtown
text: skyline of San Diego.
scene_heading: INT. ARNIE METZGER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Helena and Arnie enter his office. The furniture is sleek
text: mid-century modern, and the view of the harbor is
dialog: extraordinary.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: On a clear day you can see Mexico
dialog: City.
text: Arnie stands very close to Helena and looks at her profile.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: This place is swept twice a day. I
dialog: learned that in Miami in '85. Then
dialog: the U.S. shut down the whole
dialog: Caribbean, but it's a big game of
dialog: wack-a-mole. Knock it down in Miami,
dialog: it pops up here. And San Diego is
dialog: so much more relaxing.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Arnie, I need money. Somebody
dialog: threatened my children. They want a
dialog: first payment of three million
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Helena, if I had it I would give it
dialog: to you, but I don't have that kind
dialog: of money.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Arnie, help me. Doesn't anyone owe
dialog: us money?
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Yes, I told you before, there are
dialog: people who owe you money but they're
dialog: not paying. There's too much heat
dialog: on Carl.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Please. Tell me who Carl sells to.
dialog: Arnie thinks.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Even if I knew I wouldn't tell you.
dialog: You do not want to come into contact
dialog: with these people. Only Carl knows
dialog: who they are. That's his real asset.
dialog: Ruiz doesn't know them. They don't
dialog: know Ruiz. Church and State.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: What about legitimate businesses?
dialog: We own a construction concern, real
dialog: estate --
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Laundromats for the washing of money.
dialog: Unfortunately, Carl had only one
dialog: successful business.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Don't you have some good news? Isn't
dialog: there something positive you could
dialog: say.
text: There isn't. Helena looks Arnie in the eyes.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (vulnerable)
dialog: Sometimes I wonder what I'll do if
dialog: Carl doesn't get out. I'm not very
dialog: adept at being on my own. I've always
dialog: had a man in my life. Always.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: I remember when I first met you:
dialog: little Helen Watts from the wrong
dialog: side of somewhere. I had a feeling
dialog: even then that your survival instincts
dialog: were pretty well honed.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I'm glad you think so, but I'm
text: picturing a debt-ridden, thirty-two
text: year-old mother whose ex-husband is
dialog: being compared to Pablo Escobar.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I'm wondering who would want to
dialog: be with someone like that?
text: It takes a great effort for Arnie not to answer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. ARMORED SUV - MEXICO - DAY
text: Javier and Manolo ride through a nice neighborhood in Mexico
text: City. Javi isn't familiar with the roads and drives
dialog: cautiously.
text: A young lady, ROSARIO, early 20's, sexy and vulnerable, rides
text: in the back of the SUV.
speaker_heading: ROSARIO
dialog: You two don't like me, do you?
text: Manolo laughs and looks her up and down. Javi watches her
text: in the rearview mirror.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: We don't have an opinion on you.
speaker_heading: ROSARIO
dialog: (to Javi)
dialog: Maybe it's because I'm getting an
dialog: apartment nicer than anything you'll
dialog: ever see in your life?
text: Javi says nothing.
speaker_heading: ROSARIO
dialog: (re: the neighborhood)
dialog: I can't believe the old man kept his
dialog: promise.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: The General is a man of his word.
speaker_heading: ROSARIO
dialog: They will say anything to get what
dialog: they want, but then you remind them,
dialog: it's always tomorrow, tomorrow,
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Occupational hazard, I guess.
text: Javi just looks at her in the rearview mirror.
speaker_heading: ROSARIO
dialog: His friend is giving us the apartment
dialog: so it's not like he paid. It's more
dialog: like a favor.
text: Javier pulls the SUV to the curb in front of a beautiful
text: colonial-style apartment complex in the verdant neighborhood.
scene_heading: EXT. VERDANT NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: Birds are chirping. Javi waits in the car as Manolo takes
text: the young lady's bags from the vehicle and carries them up
text: the walkway to the arched doorway. He knocks on the heavy
text: wooden door.
speaker_heading: ROSARIO
dialog: You don't have the keys. Oh that's
dialog: perfect. Are you an idiot?
text: Manolo knocks again. They wait a long beat.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: There's supposed to be someone here
dialog: to let you in.
text: Finally, the door swings open and a BODYGUARD is standing
text: there. Rosario SQUEALS and sweeps past him into the vast
text: space. The bodyguard motions for Manolo to put the bags
text: inside the door.
text: Manolo sets the bags down and sees another MAN standing a
text: few feet away. The man wears sunglasses. His complexion is
text: strange and his neck is bandaged.
text: The body guard escorts Manolo back outside where he hears
text: Rosario's happy LAUGHTER drifting down from an upstairs
dialog: window.
scene_heading: INT. SUV - DAY
text: Manolo gets into the truck. He's shaken by what he's just
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
text: Madrigal's alive.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: Porfirio Madrigal is not dead. I
dialog: just saw him.
text: A long beat as Javier considers this.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: This is why Salazar is so interested
dialog: in cleaning up Tijuana. Madrigal,
text: who's supposed to be dead, owns him.
text: And Madrigal is making a move on
dialog: Juan Obregon.
text: Javier calmly drives away.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: Javi! Come on. Don't pull this you
dialog: don't care bullshit. This is
dialog: incredible information. It must be.
dialog: Javi --
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: We keep our mouths shut.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Barbara drives Robert home from the airport. There's a sense
dialog: they've been silent for a while.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I think we may have found our Mexican
dialog: Drug Czar. It's this General,
dialog: Salazar. At least I'll have somebody
dialog: on the other side I can talk to.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Does this mean you're going to be
dialog: gone more?
text: A long silence.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Possibly.
dialog: Another silence.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: You might want to pencil in a little
dialog: face-time with your daughter.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Barbara --
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Because I'm at the edge of my
dialog: capabilities, Robert.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: The first thing we have to do is
text: present a unified front.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: If you start in on the war metaphors
dialog: I'm going to drive this car into a
dialog: fucking telephone pole.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Look, I'm as worried as you are --
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: No, I don't think so. Leave me alone,
dialog: give me money. That's what I get
dialog: from our daughter. She has a way of
dialog: shutting me out that seems very
dialog: familiar.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Yeah, well, she has a way of self-
dialog: medicating that probably seems
text: familiar, too.
text: She looks at him, stung.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I'm not the one who has to have three
text: scotches just to walk in the door
dialog: and say hello.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I have a drink before dinner to take
dialog: the edge off my day. That's
dialog: different.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Oh, it is?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Yeah, because the alternative is to
dialog: be bored to death.
scene_heading: EXT. WAKEFIELD HOUSE - NIGHT
text: He car pulls into the driveway. Robert gets out. Barbara
text: doesn't. He looks back at her.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Why don't you go in and tell your
dialog: daughter how bored you are.
text: She puts the car in reverse and drives away. He stands for
text: a moment, steaming.
scene_heading: INT. WAKEFIELD HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Robert Wakefield steps inside his home. It's very QUIET.
text: He checks the mail on the hall table.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Robert walks down the hallway. He steps into Caroline's
dialog: bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. CAROLINE WAKEFIELD'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Robert stands outside her closed bathroom door.
text: There is nothing, then from the other side of the door, the
text: faint sound of a lighter CLICKING. AGAIN and AGAIN, then a
speaker_heading: COUGH.
scene_heading: INT. CAROLINE WAKEFIELD'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Caroline sits on the toilet. Glamour Magazine on her lap.
text: She's wild-eyed and paranoid. The exhaust fan is running.
text: The aluminum foil is on the sink. The last little bit of
text: heroin in a wax-paper bundle sits beside it.
text: She's listening hard for any SOUND in the house. What she's
text: wondering is if someone is outside the door listening.
text: She puts a piece of crack on the foil and listens hard once
text: more before lighting it. She does the hit.
dialog: And seems to feel better.
text: Suddenly there's a POUNDING on the door. The VOICE of her
text: father muffled through the solid wood.
speaker_heading: ROBERT (V.O.)
dialog: (muffled by the door)
dialog: Caroline. Open this door immediately.
text: Caroline is up like a shot. She looks around. The POUNDING
text: on the door gets stronger.
text: She crumples the foil and drops it in the toilet.
text: The bathroom door SOUNDS like it's about to cave inward.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (faking the best she
dialog: can)
dialog: Who is it? I'm going to the bathroom.
text: She's coping now, full parallel process mode: she dumps the
text: last heroin on the back of her hand and snorts it, checking
text: her nose in the mirror as she reaches for a can of air
text: freshener which she sprays into the air.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
text: One minute.
text: She takes the remaining crack, lighters, tubes, little smudgy
text: druggy bits of paraphernalia and carefully places it all in
text: a hiding place above the bathroom cabinet.
text: She pauses a beat, then opens the door, and tries to brush
text: by her father while avoiding his eyes.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Excuse me --
text: Robert grabs her by the arms. He pushes her against the
text: wall and looks at her pupils. He looks at her fingernails.
text: The blister on her thumb from working the lighter is red and
dialog: irritated.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You're not going anywhere, young
dialog: lady.
text: She stands there; she's very high.
text: Robert sniffs the air. He throws open cabinets, searching
text: for drugs. He sees the smudge mark on the counter left by
text: the charred aluminum foil.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Where is it? Where are the drugs?
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Where are they?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Fuck you. I wasn't doing anything.
dialog: You're like the Gestapo.
text: Robert KICKS the cabinets.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Fuck me? Oh, okay. Fuck me. Fuck
dialog: you.
text: Robert is losing it. He throws stuff around the bathroom
text: and then, for the first time, looks up. He sees the long
text: light in the box atop the medicine cabinet and it dawns on
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm going to ask you one time to
dialog: tell me the truth so that I can help
dialog: you.
text: She just stares.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Okay, young lady, that's it.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Like I give a fuck.
text: Robert reaches above the medicine cabinet and pulls out a
text: charred spoon. It confuses him. He throws it into the sink.
text: He pulls out another spoon. He pulls out crumpled bindles,
text: rolled up, encrusted dollar bills, exhausted lighters, a
text: pill bottle, an empty pint of vodka.
text: The detritus of drug addiction keeps on coming, filling up
text: the sink. Robert stares at it, the amount and complexity
text: has him momentarily baffled.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: What is wrong with you? What?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're going away. You're getting
dialog: help somewhere.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You can't make me.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Oh, yes I can.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. - SAN DIEGO - DAY
text: Javier drinks toward downtown. He's sipping a Burger King
text: soft-drink. On the seat next to him is a shopping bag from
text: Target. He takes an exit. Javier pulls into the underground
text: parking lot of a fancy office tower.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE SEDAN - DAY
text: Javi drives down to the third floor underground. He pulls
text: into a parking spot next to a white sedan. He slides open
text: the cargo door of his van.
text: The cargo door of the sedan opens. Javi quickly gets into
dialog: the sedan.
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN - DAY
text: Special Agents Hughes and Johnson welcome Javi.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Where are we going?
text: Hughes sticks out his hand.
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: Special Agent Hughes, Drug Enforcement
dialog: Administration of the United States.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: (ignoring the niceties)
dialog: Where are you taking me?
text: The agents exchange a look.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: Somewhere safe.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: A place we have, that we know is
dialog: protected.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: It's really safe.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Not for me.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: Okay. Where would you like to go?
scene_heading: EXT. SWIMMING POOL - HOTEL - DAY
text: Javi and Agents Johnson and Hughes stand in the middle of
text: the shallow end of a large swimming pool. KIDS in waterwings
text: splash nearby.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: It's important that we work together.
dialog: Mexico. America. One hand washing
dialog: the other.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: We agree.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: So... maybe you tell me about your
dialog: informants in our operations.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: (confused by this)
dialog: We thought maybe you'd have that
dialog: kind of information for us.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: (feigning surprise)
dialog: This is a very different proposition.
text: Johnson and Hughes exchange a glance.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: We pay for that kind of information.
text: A fat kid in an inner-tube floats behind them.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: Is that what you're talking about,
dialog: Javier?
text: Javi makes eye contact with one agent, then the other.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Ten years ago Tijuana had no drug
dialog: problem. Now it is epidemic.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Ten years ago America takes a hammer
dialog: to Pablo Escobar, a hammer to the
dialog: Miami drug trade, and you allowed
dialog: everything to move to my country.
dialog: You dumped the problem at our feet.
dialog: Now, drug use is epidemic. Now, the
dialog: treatment centers are full and get
dialog: no state money. They survive on
dialog: donations and what they get for
dialog: building doghouses to sell to the
dialog: U.S.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We need lights for the parks so kids
dialog: can play at night. So they can play
dialog: baseball. So it's safe. Everybody
dialog: likes parks. Everybody likes
dialog: baseball.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What I'm talking about is I would
dialog: like to see somebody take an interest
dialog: in Tijuana. That's what I'm talking
dialog: about.
text: Javi starts to get out of the pool.
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: Javi, You want to come see us again,
dialog: you're going on the box. No more of
dialog: this water-wing bullshit.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - DAY
text: Javier gets out of the DEA sedan and back into his. He drives
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN - DAY
text: Agents Hughes turns to Agent Johnson.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: You wanna tell me what the hell that
dialog: was all about?
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: He's got something. We just have to
dialog: be patient.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAIL VISITATION ROOM - DAY
text: Helena and Carl each hold a telephone receiver as they stare
text: at each other through a thick pane of meshed glass. Helena
text: is barely holding it together. It's hard for Carl to see
dialog: her like this. After a beat --
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: How's David?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: How's David? How's David? He's
dialog: terrific, Carl.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Helena --
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: We watched his father get dragged
dialog: away by federal agents. I don't
dialog: even know how to begin to tell him
dialog: where you are or when you're coming
dialog: back... Or if you're coming back.
text: She can't even look at him.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We'll get through this, I promise.
dialog: I'll make it up to you --
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: How? Supportive letters from prison
dialog: while I'm being kicked out of our
dialog: home?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you have any idea what is happening
dialog: out here? Our credit cards are maxed.
dialog: The people at the bank, you should
text: see their faces when I walk in there.
dialog: I have a letter from the government
dialog: telling me that anything I sell from
dialog: our house will be taken against an
dialog: income tax lien. Our friends are
text: behaving like the crowd at a public
dialog: hanging. Nobody will help us. Nobody
dialog: will take us in. Nobody wants
dialog: anything to do with us. So tell me,
dialog: Carl, how you're gonna make it up to
dialog: me.
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: Tell me again how we'll get through
dialog: this, and maybe while you're at it
dialog: you can put your hand up against the
dialog: glass so we can have a tender moment
dialog: of connection.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Helena --
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Tell me what to do, Carl. I need
dialog: guidance, not a fucking platitude.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm not bringing a child into the
dialog: kind of life I grew up with. I won't
dialog: do it. I want our life back.
text: Carl looks at his wife as if he is trying to weigh her. He
text: thinks, then leans forward --
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: I built our house and I don't want
dialog: to lose it. Every stone, every brick,
dialog: every board.
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: My business... That would take a lot
dialog: of private study...
dialog: (he blinks)
dialog: That you don't have time for. I
dialog: suggest you look into the Coronel...
dialog: (he blinks again)
dialog: Into selling it. If you can stomach
dialog: it, you should look into it.
dialog: That painting is very valuable.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Look into the Coronel; otherwise,
dialog: there is nothing to do.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SERENITY OAKS - DAY
text: A peaceful wooded campus with a unobtrusive sign reading,
dialog: "Serenity Oaks Treatment Facility."
scene_heading: INT. MEETING ROOM - SERENITY OAKS - DAY
text: There are sayings on the wall: "Easy Does It;" "Let Go and
text: Let God;" "Turn it over;" "One Day at a Time..." "H.A.L.T. --
dialog: Hungry? Angry? Lonely? Tired?"
text: Caroline, wearing a thick, woolly sweater, and the other
text: PATIENTS sit around on beat-up couches and chairs in a loose
text: circle. It's a mixed BUNCH: trucker meth-head, rocker dope-
text: fiend, yuppie crack-head, fat, thin, rich, middle-class, and
text: all white. Caroline is the youngest.
text: MARTY, 40's, an overweight alcoholic, finishes his "share."
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: So it was my birthday an my ex-wife
dialog: was getting remarried and I was in
text: some church basement telling a bunch
dialog: of strangers how it was a good day
dialog: because I didn't have to eat out of
dialog: a dumpster. That was enough to send
dialog: me out on big one.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I've been thinking a lot about the
dialog: first step: that I came to believe I
dialog: was powerless over alcohol and that
dialog: my life had become unmanageable.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: See my disease tells me I don't have
dialog: a disease. That I'm fine. That
dialog: it's my birthday and I can have one
dialog: little drink, then one little line,
dialog: then one little Valium, then two
dialog: more fat lines, then two more 10 mil
dialog: Valium... Six months later I wake up
text: in a sober living house in Philly.
dialog: And I'm from Dallas, people.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's a disease -- an allergy of the
text: body and an obsession of the mind.
dialog: I know that now. So my name's Marty
dialog: and today I'm a grateful recovering
dialog: alcoholic who didn't eat out of a
dialog: dumpster. Thanks.
text: And Marty looks to Caroline who didn't relate to one word he
dialog: said.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (slowly, very nervous)
dialog: Hi. I'm Caroline. I'm not sure I'm
text: an alcoholic.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I mean I don't really like to drink.
dialog: For someone my age it's so much easier
dialog: to get drugs than beer. I don't
dialog: know, this is really weird and I'm
dialog: really nervous...
text: People in the room nod encouragingly.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I guess I'm angry. I mean I think
dialog: I'm really angry about a lot of stuff,
dialog: but I don't know what exactly.
text: She blushes, and stares out the window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AYALA LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Helena follows an ART APPRAISER through her formal living
text: room as he inspects paintings and makes notations. He is
text: very excited and moves quickly from one to the next.
speaker_heading: ART APPRAISER
dialog: Tamayo. Carrington. A simply
dialog: wonderful collection of Mexican
dialog: Modern. Give me three months. I
dialog: know several collectors in South
dialog: America, very discreet.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I don't have three months.
speaker_heading: ART APPRAISER
dialog: It takes time to find the proper
dialog: collection.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: How much will you give me in cash?
dialog: Today.
text: The appraiser taps out some numbers on a calculator and shows
text: the figure to Helena.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You must be joking. That's a fraction
dialog: of their value.
speaker_heading: ART APPRAISER
dialog: I'm sorry, but that is the figure I
dialog: can get today.
text: Helena turns her back. She walks to a window and looks out,
text: then surveys the contents of her beautiful home.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: Get out. Get out of my house.
text: Helena turns and sees David in the doorway. She goes to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: It's all right. We're have a
dialog: disagreement, that's all.
text: The art appraiser passes them on his way out.
scene_heading: INT. AYALA MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Helena wakes up in the middle of the night with a start.
text: Her eyes are wide open. She has had a thought --
text: She climbs out of bed and quickly puts on a robe.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Helena walks quickly and quietly down the hallway. She passes
text: David's room. She opens a door at the end of the hall --
scene_heading: INT. CARL'S PRIVATE STUDY - CONTINUOUS
text: Helena enters the room. She hits a desk lamp and we're in a
text: very comfortable and masculine upstairs study: bookshelves
text: holding hundreds of art books; comfortable chairs; MacIntosh
text: stereo; discreet flatscreen HD TV.
text: Helena stares at a painting on one of the bookshelves. It
text: is "Boy with a Hoop," a small portrait by Rafael Colonel.
text: She goes to it and looks from different angles. She reaches
text: out and jiggles the oil. Nothing happens. She looks behind
text: the painting at the backing.
text: She notices that one corner is not glued down. She picks up
text: a letter opener and pries the paper back. An envelope slips
dialog: out.
text: Inside the envelope: neat, thin strips of paper dense with
text: information in a miniscule type and a magnetic key card.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: Robert and Sheridan ride in the back of the chopper. Each
text: looks out his own window.
text: A newspaper on the seat between them shows a front page photo
text: of General Salazar, exultant, and the headline reads in
dialog: Spanish, "Salazar Named Chief of Anti-Narcotics Operations."
scene_heading: EXT. MEXICO CITY - DAY
text: Establishing shot of a military helicopter landing on the
text: roof of an office building in downtown Mexico City.
scene_heading: INT. HEADQUARTERS, FEADS, - MEXICO CITY - DAY
text: Robert Wakefield and General Salazar stroll through the new
text: headquarters where boxes are still being unpacked. Javier
text: and Sheridan trail along behind them.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: I recruited the best men in Mexico
dialog: for my task force and put them through
dialog: a rigorous screening process. Not
text: only physical, but also psychological.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'd like to bring you up to
dialog: Washington, walk you around our side
dialog: of things, and share some of the
dialog: information we've been able to develop
dialog: on your cartels.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: That would be very helpful to me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Also, I received the offer from DEA
dialog: and the FBI to train some of my men
dialog: at Quantico. I think this will be
dialog: extremely useful, a good way for us
dialog: to absorb some of your methods.
scene_heading: INT. SALAZAR'S I.N.C.D. OFFICE - DAY
text: The office hasn't been decorated yet.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: I've been too busy to completely
dialog: settle in.
text: Salazar proffers a chair and they sit next to each other
text: like Brezhnev and Nixon. PHOTOGRAPHERS begin SNAPPING
text: pictures. After a few moments, Salazar waves them away, and
text: they lower their cameras and leave.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You've been making very good progress
dialog: against the Tijuana cartel.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: Yes, I am confident that Juan Obregon
dialog: will be taken into custody before
dialog: the end of the year. But, you must
dialog: understand that it is very difficult
dialog: because of corruption in the police
dialog: force. We get a tip that he is one
dialog: place, then we get there and he is
text: already gone, having been warned by
dialog: someone on our side.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Hopefully the exchange of training
dialog: methods and information between our
dialog: countries will help with this problem.
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: Yes, I hope so as well.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Let me ask you a related question.
dialog: We've talked about the supply side,
dialog: but what about demand? What is your
dialog: policy for treating addiction?
speaker_heading: SALAZAR
dialog: Addicts treat themselves... they
dialog: overdose and then there's one less
dialog: to worry about.
text: Robert cannot respond.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SERENITY OAKS - WALKWAY - DAY
text: Caroline ambles alone down a walkway at the treatment
dialog: facility.
text: She looks through the trees that surround facility and notices
text: cars going by.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOW-RENT HOTEL - DAY
text: Gordon and another DEA AGENT escort Ruiz up the stairs of a
text: large, older hotel.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: This is ridiculous. Why is there no
dialog: elevator?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: When the DEA gets into the narcotics
dialog: business, then we'll stay at the
dialog: Four Seasons.
text: They walk down a hotel hallway. Two more AGENTS stand outside
text: Room 407. Gordon opens the door and they enter.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE OF CHEAP HOTEL ROOMS - DAY
text: There are more AGENTS inside and old food and coffee
text: containers. Gordon gives Ruiz a tour. There are several
text: rooms. A bored Castro sits at a table staring at a Scrabble
dialog: board.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: Eddie, how you like your new home?
dialog: I hope you hate it as much as I do.
text: Ruiz looks around with disgust. He's accustomed to finer
text: places. He goes to a window and looks out.
text: RUIZ'S POV: of the Federal Court building not far away.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: This is not what my lawyers
dialog: negotiated.
text: Gordon pours himself a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Fuck your lawyers. You aren't getting
dialog: any cappuccino or Biscotti either.
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: A packed, tense courtroom listens to testimony from a
text: government witness, FRANK, 50's, very matter-of-fact and
dialog: truthful.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He first came to me in January.
dialog: That would've been nineteen eighty-
dialog: seven. He wanted to rent warehouse
dialog: space along the harbor. I didn't
dialog: ask too many questions; I'm a
dialog: businessman also.
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: Another witness, MRS. BERRY, 40's, pedantic on the stand --
scene_heading: MRS. BERRY
dialog: I told Mr. Ayala there were
dialog: irregularities in his tax return.
dialog: And I couldn't represent him unless
dialog: we could explain this...
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: SHEILA, 38, a mousy secretary, is on the stand. Carlos sits
text: at the defendant's table listening raptly. Gordon and Castro
text: sit in the back watching Helena who pays close attention to
dialog: the witness --
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: I was the company secretary from
dialog: 1991 to 1994. I supposedly worked
dialog: for all six companies. But... they
dialog: weren't... I mean, it was just one
text: empty office with a desk and a
dialog: telephone. We never sold anything
dialog: the whole time I was there. Sometimes
dialog: people came and got paid. I don't
dialog: really know what we did.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Did Mr. Ayala say where the money
dialog: came from?
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: No, and I didn't ask.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Where do you think it came from?
text: Carl's lawyer, Adler, is on his feet --
speaker_heading: KAUFMAN
dialog: This speculation --
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: I'll rephrase. Did you feel like
dialog: you were engaged in a legal
dialog: enterprise?
text: Sheila is reluctant to answer.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: No, not really.
text: Helena catches Carl's eye and they share a grim moment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. CARL'S UPSTAIRS STUDY - DAY
text: Helena sits at Carl's office desk. On the desk in front of
text: her are the lists she found and an encrypted cell phone.
text: Helena picks up the phone. Her hands are shaking. She is
text: crying as she dials. A voice on the other end answers.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO (V.O.)
dialog: Who is this?
text: Helena gathers her courage, then...
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: A friend... of Carlos Ayala.
text: There is a long pause.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO (V.O.)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I'm on a special phone, may I speak
dialog: freely?
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO (V.O.)
dialog: You may speak.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I have a job for you and I don't
dialog: have much time.
scene_heading: EXT. BOTANICAL GARDEN - DAY
text: Helena watches David look at the wide variety of plants and
text: flowers. All around them a GROUP of 3rd graders, in identical
text: T-shirts, enjoy a field trip.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO (V.O.)
dialog: I love this place. Don't turn around.
text: Behind her Francisco Flores takes a photo with an instant
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: You were followed by the police, but
dialog: they won't hear us over the children.
dialog: I want to use a bomb.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You're kidding. Can't you shoot him
dialog: or something?
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: I don't really like guns. You shoot
text: someone in the head three times and
dialog: some doctor will keep them alive.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: When will you do it?
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: I don't know. Eduardo Ruiz is the
dialog: only real witness against Carl. The
dialog: security is very tight. There may
dialog: not be a way.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: There's always a way. If people get
dialog: to the Pope or the President, you
dialog: can get to him.
text: Francisco laughs.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: Careful... You're sounding like your
dialog: husband, Mrs. Ayala.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. JAVI'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Anna sits in the living room, staring. She appears too upset
text: to speak. The apartment is cleaner. There have been other
text: changes. There's a new rug.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: What? What is it?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: It's very hard for me to come and
dialog: tell you this.
text: Javier just watches her.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: It's Manolo. He's going to do
dialog: something stupid. I'm worried that
dialog: he'll get himself killed.
text: He keeps watching.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: He's saying he's going to talk to
dialog: the Americans. Become an informer.
dialog: He says they pay a lot of money.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Why does he need money?
speaker_heading: ANNA
text: He has debts. He has gambling debts.
dialog: He owes a lot of money.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Nine thousand dollars.
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: What is he planning on telling them?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Well, you know, he's going to say
dialog: about Madrigal... and Salazar.
text: Javier just looks at her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE IN WASHINGTON - DAY
text: Robert is on the telephone, listening. He is not happy.
text: Sheridan watches him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Nobody saw her leave?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes... I understand.
text: He hangs up. He stands and reaches for his jacket.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I have to go. I have to go home.
scene_heading: INT. WAKEFIELD KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Robert and Barbara sit at the kitchen table.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Should we bring the police into this?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: No, not yet.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST END STREETS - DAY
text: Robert drives through the streets in his Cadillac DeVille.
scene_heading: INT. DEVILLE - DAY
text: Robert rides in glum silence. He looks at passersby who are
text: almost all black and almost all stare back at the white man
text: in his Cadillac.
text: A group of young men stare threateningly as he rolls past.
text: On the street, in the lee of a Brownstone staircase, a deal
text: is going down.
scene_heading: ROBERT AND SETH ABRAHMS - DAY
text: sit in a coffee shop.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: (genuinely surprised)
dialog: She's not at that place you sent
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: She snuck away. And we haven't seen
text: her. She hasn't come home.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Oh, man --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: She hasn't called you?
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: I tried to talk to her when she was
dialog: up there, but they wouldn't put me
dialog: through.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm surprised she hasn't called.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ON ROBERT IN THE CAR - DAY
text: He turns a corner and is suddenly in a drive-thru drug market.
text: Dealers, HUSTLERS, run at the windows from both sides,
dialog: signaling.
speaker_heading: HUSTLERS
dialog: What you want? Rock? Rock? Hey,
dialog: what you want?
scene_heading: ROBERT AND SETH - DAY
text: in the coffee shop.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Can you tell me anything? Do you
dialog: have any ideas?
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: I don't know what to say.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm not the police. I don't care
dialog: about experimentation. She's a kid.
dialog: I'm worried to death.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: You won't say anything to my parents?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I don't give a fuck about your parents --
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: We sometimes went downtown to score.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: The West End. We buy it off the
dialog: streets.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can stop, you know, and she can't.
dialog: Two people, really similar, we can
dialog: talk about anything, but for me it's
dialog: like a weekend thing, then I get my
dialog: shit together, and for her it's
dialog: different --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You don't know what the hell you're
dialog: talking about. You're a cocky
dialog: seventeen year-old and you don't
dialog: have a clue what the stakes are.
dialog: You don't know the value of the life
dialog: you've yet to throw away. And neither
dialog: does she.
scene_heading: ROBERT IN HIS CAR - DAY
text: It is surrounded. Robert stares. A face presses up against
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: FACE
dialog: (through the window)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (through the window)
dialog: What do you mean, what do I want?
speaker_heading: FACE
dialog: Rock or dope, man?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I don't want anything.
speaker_heading: ROBERT AND SETH
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Hey man, I'm sorry. I'm just trying
dialog: to help.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You want to help? Stay the fuck
text: away from her.
scene_heading: ROBERT IN HIS CAR
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm looking for my daughter.
text: The dealer looks at him with disgust, turns his back, and
text: waves everyone else away.
text: Robert slams his fist against the steering wheel. He slams
text: it again and again. He stops and pulls away, just as
scene_heading: AT THE INTERSECTION
text: behind Robert's car, Caroline crosses the street toward
dialog: Sketch's house.
scene_heading: INT. SKETCH'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: A single candle lights the room. Caroline is underneath
text: Sketch the drug dealer. He is pounding away. As she clutches
text: his back and holds on, her expression is both surprised and
text: druggy, and SOUNDS escape her mouth that she wouldn't believe
dialog: she could make.
text: There's a KNOCK on the door. Sketch continues his business.
text: The KNOCKING is more insistent. Finally, he stops and gets
text: up and goes to the door. Caroline lies back. She's in a
text: bed with black sheets in a room with nothing else in it but
text: a dresser and some duffle bags.
text: Sketch opens the door --
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: What the fuck do you want?
text: SOMEBODY outside says something. Sketch walks over to a
text: duffle bag and extracts some product. Caroline's eyes are
text: glued to it as Sketch hands it through the door. Sketch
text: sees her staring at the drugs.
text: He comes back to bed.
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: You want some of that?
text: Caroline nods.
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: What you gonna do to get some of
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Please --
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: What you gonna do?
text: She turns her back to him, pouting. He laughs.
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: Maybe a taste.
text: He reaches over beside the bed where there is a small tray.
text: On the tray is a rig, spoon, several powders, and an eye
text: dropper. He pulls the candle over and rapidly fixes a
text: speedball. He pulls the fluid into the neck of the syringe
text: and holds it up the light. It has Caroline transfixed.
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: Feed this to you like a little bird.
text: He squirts the tiniest amount of fluid into the air. It
text: arcs in the candlelight.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Don't --
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: You want this?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: This is the Express train. Baby
dialog: turnin' pro and getting down in a
dialog: big, big hole.
text: Her concentration is entirely, hypnotically focused on the
dialog: syringe.
text: Sketch moves the syringe toward her lips.
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: Kiss it. Kiss your new mommy hello.
text: Caroline moves her mouth toward the side of the syringe, her
text: lips part.
text: Sketch pulls the sheet back, exposing her legs. He grips
text: one powerful hand around her ankle and squeezes... Veins
text: stand out on her foot.
text: He slides the needle into the largest vein and slowly
text: depresses the plunger.
text: Caroline watches, then her head tilts back, then forward,
text: she GROANS, sexually and slumps against the pillows, her
text: eyes half-open, her lips twitching.
text: Sketch puts the rig back on the tray, then admires Caroline's
text: beauty for a second before starting to fuck her again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - DAY
text: Gordon and Castro and two other AGENTS escort Ruiz out of
text: the hotel and usher him into a waiting cruiser.
text: They pull out in a caravan and move through the streets toward
dialog: the courthouse.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE PARKING LOT - DAY
text: The cruiser pulls into a fenced and gated parking lot.
text: Gordon, Castro and Ruiz, walking with a limp, cross to the
text: building entrance.
text: As they push inside, Francisco Flores, in a conservative
text: grey suit passes them going outside.
text: The parking lot is empty of people. The guards at the gate
text: talk about something distracting.
text: Francisco passes by the cruiser and drops his keys. Kneeling
text: down he extracts a small, powerful, magnetized bomb from his
text: jacket. He attaches it to the underside of the vehicle,
text: stands and walks toward the guard gate.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: The court is filled to capacity. Helena and Metzger watch
text: from the gallery.
text: The JUDGE bangs his gavel. Adler is on his feet.
speaker_heading: ADLER
dialog: Your honor, it has come to our
dialog: attention that your honor, while in
dialog: private practice, previously
dialog: represented the town of Seal Beach
dialog: in their stop-work suit against the
dialog: Police Department of Seal Beach. We
dialog: believe this disqualifies you from
dialog: hearing this case and we therefore
dialog: move for a temporary suspension while
dialog: this is investigated.
text: The judge is surprised to hear this.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Adler, this is a most unusual
dialog: motion.
speaker_heading: ADLER
dialog: Nonetheless, your honor, we feel
dialog: that our client deserves every
dialog: fairness afforded under the law.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: If this is in any way designed to
dialog: delay the testimony of Eduardo Ruiz...
dialog: The judge considers.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: We'll recess until 9:00 am Monday
dialog: morning. And I'll see counsel in
dialog: chambers.
text: He slams the gavel down again.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: Gordon, Castro, other AGENTS and Ruiz come down the rear
text: steps of the courthouse and walk across the street toward
text: the parking lot.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: Remember when we sat on that mob
dialog: guy, that chef, for like six months?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Oh, man, I've never eaten so good in
dialog: my life.
dialog: (to Ruiz)
dialog: Why don't you develop a useful skill?
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: Yeah, like turning into a beautiful
dialog: woman.
text: They reach the car.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: Would you mind if today we walked?
dialog: It's one block. I could use the
text: fresh air.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. FRANCISCO'S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Across the street, Francisco, encrypted cell phone to his
text: ear, watches from his own car as Gordon, Castro, and Ruiz
text: stand by their car without getting in, then walk away from
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: (into phone)
text: They're not getting into the car.
dialog: What are they doing? They're walking
dialog: right at me.
text: The men start across the street toward Francisco.
scene_heading: INT. HELENA'S CAR - DAY
text: Helena drives her car through downtown San Diego.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You've got a gun. Get out of the
text: car and shoot him in the head.
scene_heading: INT. FRANCISCO'S CAR - DAY
text: Francisco watches Ruiz and the agents walk up the street
text: toward him.
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: They're going to walk right past me.
speaker_heading: HELENA (V.O.)
dialog: What are you? A mouse? Get out of
dialog: the car and do it. This is your
dialog: chance.
text: Francisco watches the three men walk past his car. He makes
text: a decision and opens his door.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Francisco steps from the car and mingles in with OTHER PEOPLE
text: walking along the sidewalk. He follows them for few yards,
text: picking his moment.
text: He closes the distance to Gordon, Castro and Ruiz, pulling a
text: pistol from inside his jacket. He takes careful aim from
text: twelve feet away and is about to shoot Ruiz when a bullet
text: hole appears in his chest. He staggers, trying to squeeze
text: the trigger, Francisco fires the gun once, wildly --
dialog: A tourist screams --
dialog: Gordon and Castro and Ruiz turn --
text: Francisco is looking down at the widening red splotch in the
text: center of his shirt, uncertain of what has happened --
text: Gordon shoves Ruiz down into a doorway and fires three quick
dialog: shots --
text: Francisco spins around and drops on his face in the street.
text: Citizens run in all directions fearing a psychopath with an
dialog: NRA card coming off a bad week of day-trading --
text: Gordon and Castro with Ruiz beneath them scan the streets.
speaker_heading: CASTRO
dialog: Stay here. I'll get the car.
text: Castro runs down the street for the court parking lot. Other
text: AGENTS are running toward Gordon and Ruiz.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING WINDOW - CONTINUOUS
text: The STRANGE MAN who threatened Helena's children packs a
text: high-caliber rifle and scope into a briefcase.
text: He snaps the case shut and quickly exits the room. We notice
text: a man on the floor with a bullet hole in his head next to
text: the open door.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Agents surround Ruiz.
text: Gordon walks to the body of Francisco lying face down in the
text: gutter. He turns him over with his shoe and sees his face.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (to the other agents)
dialog: I saw this guy at the courthouse.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The car --
text: Gordon takes off running, yelling for Castro.
scene_heading: EXT. COURT PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Castro has reached the car and gets in.
text: Gordon appears at the gate of the lot --
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: No --
scene_heading: INT. CRUISER - DAY
text: Castro turns the ignition exactly at the moment he sees Gordon
text: yelling and waving his arms --
scene_heading: EXT. COURT PARKING LOT - DAY
text: The cruiser EXPLODES.
text: Gordon hits the pavement. Parts of the car begin raining
text: down around him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. SIDEWALK CAFE - SAN DIEGO - DAY
text: A fire truck and paramedic unit WHIZZES by. Manolo sits at
text: an outdoor cafe table, waiting. He can't help looking around
text: at the attractive people, but he's also nervous.
text: Suddenly two MEN, recognizable as Salazar's OFFICERS from
text: the desert drug bust, sitting at a nearby table, rise and
text: move to Manolo's table.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: Manolo, how are you?
text: They take seats uncomfortably close to Manolo.
speaker_heading: MAN #2
dialog: Manolo, have we interrupted?
dialog: You're looking around like you're expecting someone.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: No. I'm looking for the waiter. I
dialog: want to order.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: What are you gonna have?
speaker_heading: MANOLO
text: A steak.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: Well, if you like steak, we know a
dialog: much better place. We'll take you
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: That's okay, really.
text: They each take Manolo by an arm.
speaker_heading: MAN #2
dialog: Manolo, we should really be going
dialog: now, before it gets too crowded.
scene_heading: INT. SUV - DAY
text: We're looking through the windshield as we approach the
text: Mexican border. As the car slows, we pan to follow the border
text: official as he looks in briefly and waves us through. We
text: continue to pan to reveal Manolo in the backseat sitting
text: beside Man #2.
scene_heading: INT. SUV - DAY
text: We're in the desert. There's nothing in any directions.
text: Javi is implacable. Manolo understands what is happening.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: I was going to feed them wrong
dialog: information. Feed them lies to...
dialog: it was for...
text: The men say nothing. After a beat --
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: Don't tell Anna I died like this.
dialog: Tell her it was something else.
dialog: Tell her it was official business.
dialog: Tell her that I died doing something
dialog: honorable. Please, tell her that
dialog: for me...
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: Javi and Manolo stand next to two freshly dug graves.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: Turn around.
text: Javi hesitates before turning. We're on Javi as we hear the
text: GUNSHOT. Javi doesn't flinch. Manolo's body falls into the
dialog: grave.
text: Javi stands there, waiting.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: You got anything you want to say?
text: Javi shakes his head. Finally, another GUNSHOT. After a
text: beat, a hand reaches out of Javi's shoulder.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: Sorry about that... we had to be
dialog: sure.
text: They walk back to the SUV.
speaker_heading: SOMEBODY ELSE
dialog: Are you sure you don't have anything
dialog: to tell us?
text: Javi says nothing, doesn't even acknowledge them. We hear a
speaker_heading: GUNSHOT.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AYALA HOME - DAY
text: Arnie Metzger is in Helena's living room. The stereo is
text: loudly playing MOZART.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: That was a stupid thing you did.
dialog: Incredibly stupid.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I tried, Arnie. And, I will continue
dialog: to try.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Have you gone crazy? You are not
dialog: Carl. You aren't as good as Carl.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They are moving the trial to a high
dialog: security location. The press has
dialog: gone berserk. The jury will be
dialog: influenced. Stay out of things.
dialog: Let us try to win the case.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: That is going to be rather difficult
dialog: when all the evidence is against us.
text: Helena steps closer to Arnie, close enough that her breasts
text: are almost touching his chest.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Helena, please. This is out of your
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I know I made things worse. I know
dialog: that and I'm sorry, but Arnie I need
dialog: something from you. Something only
dialog: you can help me with.
text: Helena looks searchingly into his eyes.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Helena --
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I need an introduction to the Obregon
dialog: Brothers.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: I can't do that.
text: Helena leans closer to him.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I figured out what Carl was up to
dialog: and I need your help. Will you help
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LABORATORY RESEARCH FACILITIES - DAY
text: An establishing shot of a hi-tech company within shooting
dialog: distance of the Salk Institute.
scene_heading: INT. LAB FACILITY - DAY
text: This is a professional chemical lab that can be rented by
text: the month. Long tables of lab and computer equipment. Nobody
text: has been here in a while. There are toys - plastic dolls,
text: frisbees, hula hoops - on many of the tables.
text: Helena lets herself into the room. She scans ledgers. She
text: looks over the equipment.
text: She picks up a twelve-inch high plastic Spastic Jack action
text: figure and a can labeled "solvent" and hurries from the lab.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WEST END - CINCINNATI - NIGHT
text: Robert drives through the streets, searching for Caroline.
text: He doesn't find her.
scene_heading: INT. WAKEFIELD HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Barbara is waiting in the living room. Robert enters. He
text: shakes his head then stands silently for a beat.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: About the other night, I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Me, too.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: God, I don't get it. Are we supposed
dialog: to say to ourselves, be prepared to
dialog: lose her, be prepared to lose our
dialog: child?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why does this happen to someone?
dialog: How does it happen?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I don't know.
scene_heading: INT. CAROLINE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Robert is standing in the middle of her room. He's not sure
text: what he's looking for. Everywhere he looks: her personal
text: things, beloved objects from more innocent times, pictures.
text: Within moments a legitimate desire to connect with his
text: daughter has escalated into a search for clues. He opens
text: her drawers, dumps little boxes, pulls things off of shelves.
text: He becomes increasingly unhinged, flinging things around her
text: room. He tosses a stack of magazines. A fashion magazine,
text: airborne, discharges some contents: a lighter, a plastic
text: tube and a piece of folded aluminum foil fluttering to the
dialog: ground.
text: Robert stares at the foil on the carpet. It's charred on
text: the outside. He picks it up. And unfolds it. There's a
text: dried milky white substance.
text: He picks up the tube and lighter and stares at them. Then,
text: somewhat tentatively, he puts the tube in his mouth. He
text: holds the lighter under the foil, then heats the milky
text: substance which turns translucent and disappears in a cloud
text: of smoke. Robert sucks all of it in.
text: He waits a long time then exhales. His eyes shut. The tube
text: drops from his mouth. He staggers and, overwhelmed by the
text: sensations, sits on the bed. The lighter and foil fall from
text: his hands.
text: A moment later he opens his eyes and doesn't seem to know
text: where he is. He looks at the room, confused. He stumbles
text: to the door and shuts it firmly behind him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MANOLO'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Anna is weeping. Javier sits next to her. He puts his arm
text: around her and she leans her head against his shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. JAVIER'S SUV - DAY
text: Javi drives through the streets of Tijuana. He brakes for a
text: stop sign and watches, trance-like, the pedestrians crossing
text: in front of him. As the intersection clears he remains still.
text: A HONK from behind brings him back and he pulls forward
text: passing Helena Ayala who crosses going the opposite direction.
dialog: We stay with her.
scene_heading: EXT. TIJUANA - DAY
text: Helena walks down a nightlife street that is tawdry and stale
text: in the midday sun.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. CLUB PLATINUM - DAY
text: A shrewd Obregon Lieutenant, JUAN MARQUEZ, 40, sits at a
text: table opposite Helena. The Strange Man who both threatened
text: Helena's child and executed Francisco sits in another chair.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: Mrs. Ayala. Thank you for coming.
dialog: I am Juan Marquez, I work for Mr.
dialog: Obregon. I believe you know my
dialog: associate, "Tigrillo," the Little
dialog: Tiger.
text: Helena nods to Tigrillo --
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Yes, he threatened to kill my five
text: year-old son.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was under the impression I would
dialog: be meeting Juan Obregon.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: No, this is not possible. And I
dialog: thank you for coming down here, though
dialog: I suspect it's been a pointless
dialog: journey.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Why do you say that, Mr. Marquez?
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: I hear these stories. Your husband
text: in jail. His business in chaos.
dialog: Various people fighting over the
dialog: scraps.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: My husband is the victim of an
dialog: informer in your organization, not
dialog: ours.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: That is not true, Mrs. Ayala. Your
dialog: route is compromised. Perhaps it is
dialog: time for me to deal with other
dialog: distributors in California.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I don't think you're going to do
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: You don't? Listen to this woman in
text: a man's world, a very violent world.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: There are plenty of other suppliers
dialog: in Mexico.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: But not in whose interest it is to
dialog: help you out of debt.
text: Helena reaches into her bag and pulls out the Spastic Jack
text: action figure. She puts it on the desk.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: My husband had been working on
dialog: something he called, The Project for
dialog: the Children. Are you aware of this?
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: I don't know. Perhaps I remember
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: We have the ability to change the
dialog: color, odor, and physical property
dialog: of cocaine.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: You want to smuggle narcotics in Mr.
dialog: Espastico Jacobo. That's nothing
dialog: new.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Not in...
text: Juan Marquez is confused.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: This doll is cocaine.
text: Juan picks up Spastic Jack and looks at him. He bangs it on
dialog: the desk.
speaker_heading: HELENA
text: Every part, from his ears to his
dialog: accessory belt, is high-impact,
text: pressure-molded cocaine. Odorless.
dialog: Undetectable by dogs. Undetectable
dialog: by anyone.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: I don't believe you.
text: She takes out the "solvent" and puts it on his desk.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Get a bowl.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB PLATINUM - OFFICE - LATER
text: Spastic Jack is slowly dissolving in a bowl of solvent.
text: Only his shoulders, head, and ridiculous ears remain above
text: the quicksand of milky glop.
text: Helena holds a mirror under the desk lamp. She is drying
text: the paste. She puts the mirror on the desk. A white
text: substance has coagulated there.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Try it.
text: Juan takes out a razor blade and chops the dried substance
text: into two white powder lines. He hands a silver straw to
dialog: Helena.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: You first.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I'm six months pregnant. I won't do
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: Fine, then we don't have deal.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Fine, then we don't have a deal.
text: She stands. He watches her a beat, then smiles.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: Okay, okay.
text: He leans down and quickly snorts a line. After a beat.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: That's good coke.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: It should be... It's yours.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want our debt forgiven. I want to
dialog: be the exclusive distributor of
dialog: Obregon Brothers Cocaine for the
dialog: United States. And I want the
dialog: principle witness against my husband,
dialog: Eduardo Ruiz, killed.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: Perhaps... Perhaps... I'm afraid I
dialog: must first ask you to pass a test.
dialog: I asked the same of your husband and
text: he succeeded with flying colors.
text: Helena waits. Juan Marquez reaches in his desk and pulls
text: out a quarter kilo of cocaine. He pushes it across the desk.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: Take this back with you. Deliver it
dialog: safely to Tigrillo in San Diego and
dialog: we have a deal.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: That's crazy. My husband is on trial
dialog: for smuggling.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: Exactly, and this is how I know I'm
dialog: not getting into business with the
dialog: U.S. Government.
text: She puts the quarter key in her bag and stands.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You will help me with my other
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: Deliver that safely to Tigrillo in
dialog: San Diego. And we have a deal.
text: Tigrillo escorts her out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB PLATINUM - DAY
text: Helena follows Tigrillo. As they pass the restrooms she
text: signals that she has to stop.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB PLATINUM - LADIES' ROOM - DAY
text: Helena goes into a stall. She extracts the cocaine from her
text: handbag.
text: She looks at it, trying to figure out where it goes. She
text: hikes up her skirt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Javier is hooked up to a polygraph machine watched closely
text: by a POLYGRAPH OPERATOR. Hughes and Johnson watch as Javi
text: talks into a tape recorder on the table.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: ...And I have the electronic serial
dialog: numbers for their cellular phones.
dialog: They change them every twenty-four
dialog: hours but I have a contact at MexTel
dialog: who can get me the new ESNs within
dialog: twelve.
text: Javi finishes talking and sits back. Agent Hughes shuts off
text: the tape recorder and looks at the polygraph operator who
text: nods approval. Hughes and Johnson exchange a look. They
dialog: are dumbstruck.
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: That's good shit.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Now that you have what you want,
dialog: let's talk about how I get what I
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: Oh, don't worry, Javier, you're not
dialog: gonna have any problems there.
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: I want to take a minute and talk
dialog: about what type of precautions you're
dialog: taking to protect yourself. When
text: Salazar and Madrigal go down, they
dialog: might send someone to see you.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: You worry about getting me the things
dialog: that I want. I'll worry about myself.
text: There's a beat. Javier seems discomfited. The two agents
dialog: notice this and exchange looks.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: You should feel good about this.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: I feel like a traitor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. BORDER CROSSING AUTOMOBILE CHECKPOINT - DAY
text: Javi goes into Mexico. Pan over to Helena's Mercedes.
scene_heading: INT. HELENA'S CAR - DAY
text: She inches the car forward towards the officer who selects
text: vehicles for inspection. The car ahead of her passes through
text: and speeds away. The OFFICER flags Helena and directs her
text: into the search facility.
scene_heading: EXT. CUSTOMS SEARCH BAY - DAY
text: Helena pulls into a search bay.
text: A CUSTOMS OFFICER watches Helena lower her window.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMS OFFICER
dialog: Please step from the car, Ma'am.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I'm in a hurry --
speaker_heading: CUSTOMS OFFICER
dialog: Step from the car, Ma'am. This won't
dialog: take long from your day.
text: Helena gets out of her car.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - CUSTOMS CHECKPOINT - DAY
text: There is a bank of video monitors showing the scenes all
text: over the facility.
text: ON THE MONITOR: Helena's car is on a lift three feet off the
text: ground. Officers pour over the inside and undercarriage of
dialog: the Mercedes.
text: Nearby, A GERMAN SHEPHERD sniffs at the items that have been
text: removed from the car: bags, spare tire, cd boxes.
scene_heading: EXT. CUSTOMS SEARCH BAY - DAY
dialog: Customs OFFICERS approach Helena --
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Ma'am, we have to ask you to come
dialog: with us.
text: She follows them toward the Customs building.
scene_heading: INT. STRIP SEARCH ROOM - DAY
text: A FEMALE CUSTOMS INSPECTOR accompanied by a female SUPERVISORY
text: INSPECTOR leads Helena into a sterile room where there is no
dialog: place to hide anything.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMS MATRON
dialog: Ma'am, we have reason to believe you
dialog: may have illegal drugs hidden beneath
dialog: your clothing. I need to conduct a
dialog: pat down search. Supervisory
dialog: Inspector Haig will witness the
dialog: search.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You've got to be kidding me. I'm
dialog: pregnant. What if I refuse?
speaker_heading: CUSTOMS MATRON
dialog: This pamphlet explains the law and
dialog: your rights under it. You're welcome
dialog: to read it first. It says we have
dialog: the authority to conduct this search.
dialog: Would you like to read it first or
dialog: shall we proceed?
scene_heading: EXT. FUNERAL SERVICE - DAY
text: Hundreds of DEA AGENTS, spouses, others stand around a grave
text: in a leafy cemetery in working class San Diego.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: The funeral is over and people are filing back to the cars.
text: Gordon walks away from the service when he is approached by
text: a mourning LUCINDA CASTRO, the mother of the deceased.
scene_heading: MRS. CASTRO
dialog: Montel... Oh, Montel.
text: Gordon hugs her.
scene_heading: MRS. CASTRO
dialog: You know how much he cared about
dialog: you. You do, don't you?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: MRS. CASTRO
dialog: I know if he could have it back
dialog: somehow, he wouldn't do it differently
dialog: or have it any other way. He
dialog: wouldn't. He loved his job.
text: Another AGENT hustles toward him from the other direction,
text: the direction of the cars.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Excuse me, Agent Gordon. Mrs.
dialog: Castro.
dialog: (to Gordon)
dialog: Helena Ayala left Club Platinum in
text: Tijuana. The Obregon Brothers' place.
dialog: They stopped her at the border but
dialog: she was clean. She's in San Diego
dialog: now.
text: Gordon runs for his car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARNIE METZGER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Arnie sits in his office, spacing out, admiring his view
text: when an ASSISTANT shows Helena in. As soon as the door shuts --
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Did you get it?
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: What are you thinking, calling me at
dialog: home with a message like that? You've
dialog: compromised me and our relationship --
text: Helena sits confidently on his couch.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (making fun of Arnie)
dialog: The place is swept twice a day. I
dialog: learned that down in Miami in '85...
dialog: (hard)
dialog: Arnie. I'm the housewife. I belong
dialog: to the most exclusive country club
dialog: in La Jolla that accepts Latinos.
dialog: Until recently, I believed my husband
dialog: imported hydroponic strawberries,
dialog: which I donated at the school fair.
text: Arnie reaches into a desk drawer and pulls out a quarter-
text: kilo baggy identical to the one Juan Obregon gave her in
dialog: Tijuana.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: It's the same stuff? From the rainy
dialog: day stash?
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: It's the same. What happened to
dialog: what they gave you?
text: Helena puts the bag in her purse.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I'm desperate, but I'm not stupid.
dialog: I flushed it in the bathroom of their godawful nightclub.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT AND BARBARA'S BEDROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: Robert sleeps in his clothes on top of the covers. Barbara
text: is asleep beside him. The phone rings. Robert answers.
text: Barbara watches.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: SHERIDAN (V.O.)
dialog: I'm sorry... Did I wake you?
text: Robert looks at Barbara and shakes his head. She gets up.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: No, it's all right.
text: There's a beat.
speaker_heading: SHERIDAN (V.O.)
dialog: Salazar's been taken down. He was
dialog: working for Porfirio Madrigal.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: What? I thought Madrigal was dead.
dialog: I thought it was verified.
speaker_heading: SHERIDAN (V.O.)
dialog: Apparently not. Look, it's a shit
dialog: storm here right now. When are you
dialog: coming back?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't know what to tell people any
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'll get there as soon as I can.
speaker_heading: SHERIDAN (V.O.)
dialog: If we're moving the press conference,
dialog: we need to do it now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: BARBARA (V.O.)
dialog: Robert.
text: The tone in Barbara's voice causes him to look up. She holds
text: an empty jewelry box.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (to Sheridan)
dialog: I have to call you back.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: The drawers and cabinets are open. Barbara and Robert assess
dialog: what is missing.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
text: The silver wedding cup.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: Robert looks at their home entertainment center. Barbara
text: enters this room.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: My Leica's gone.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: So's the video camera.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
text: At least she's alive.
text: Robert turns for the door.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: She'll be at a pawn shop in an hour.
dialog: Ten minutes after that she'll be at her dealer's. If I find
dialog: him, maybe I find her.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - CINCINNATI COUNTRY DAY - DAY
text: The bored children of privilege, wearing their blazers or
text: uniform grey skirts, stare at a TEACHER behind a desk.
text: The door opens and Robert enters. He finds Seth Abrahms in
text: the back of the class and walks straight to him. Robert
text: grabs a fistful of shirt and tie.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Hey man, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: TEACHER (O.S.)
dialog: Excuse me? Excuse me?
text: Robert yanks Seth out of his seat. The teacher is
text: approaching.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: Seth has to be excused. He's going
text: on a field trip.
scene_heading: INT. THE FUN ZONE - DAY
text: Helena watches David play a video game. They have finished
text: their lunch, a mess of pizza rinds.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Come on. Time to go.
text: The CLOWN tries to catch their attention with some mime, but
text: they ignore him.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FUN ZONE - DAY
text: Helena and David are pushing out the door. The man walking
text: the other way past them is Tigrillo from the Tijuana cartel.
dialog: As they pass --
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (under her breath)
text: Women's room, stall two.
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Should we stop for ice-cream?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah!
text: Tigrillo disappears into the restaurant.
text: As Helena pulls out of the Fun Zone parking lot, an unmarked
text: DEA cruiser falls in behind her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT'S CAR - DAY
text: Robert and Seth are parked across the street from Sketch's
text: building. They watch people, mostly white people, get what
dialog: they need.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: I don't know, maybe we missed her.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I can't believe you used to bring my
dialog: daughter here, to this place.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Hey man, back the fuck up. To this
dialog: place. What's that shit? Right
dialog: now, all over this country, a hundred
dialog: thousand white people from the suburbs
dialog: are driving around downtown asking
dialog: every black person they see, You got
dialog: any drugs? You know where I can get
dialog: drugs? What kind of effect you think
text: this has on the psyche of a black
dialog: person, on their possibilities? If
dialog: you sent a hundred thousand black
dialog: people into your neighborhood, Indian
dialog: Hills, and they asked every white
dialog: person they saw, hey, you got any
dialog: drugs?, within a day, your friends
dialog: and their kids would be selling.
dialog: It's market forces, man. The
dialog: product's marked up three hundred
dialog: percent. You can go out on the street
dialog: and make five hundred bucks in two
dialog: hours and then do whatever you want
dialog: for the rest of the day. You think
dialog: white people would still be going to
dialog: law school?
text: There's a beat.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You're starting to piss me off. Get
text: out of the car.
text: Robert and Seth get our of the car and walk across the street.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Robert and Seth stand in the dim, dingy hallway. A JUNKIE
dialog: leaves.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: You're gonna get me killed.
text: Robert shoves Seth toward the door. Seth knocks. The door
text: opens a crack and Sketch's face appears.
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: What do you want?
text: Robert moves around Seth.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm looking for my daughter, Caroline.
dialog: She comes here.
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: This is a business. Get the fuck
dialog: outta here.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I need to find my daughter. I'll
dialog: pay you.
text: Sketch pulls a gun and shoves it against Robert's cheek.
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: Who the fuck do you think you are?
dialog: Where the fuck do you think you are?
dialog: Why the fuck do you think I shouldn't
dialog: just put you in a dumpster?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I have money --
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: I got money.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'll pay you a thousand dollars. I
dialog: have it in my wallet.
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: I want your money, I'll take your
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Just tell me where she is.
text: Sketch pushes Robert back into the hall. Sketch sees Seth
text: lurking there.
speaker_heading: SKETCH
dialog: (to Seth)
dialog: Don't do that shit again.
text: Sketch slams the door in their face.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Great. What a good idea.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Seth and Robert walk to the car.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Man, I'm telling you. Don't do this
dialog: vigilante thing. Either the cops
dialog: find her or she'll call you. I
dialog: promise.
text: Robert looks at him, carefully.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MANOLO'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Javier KNOCKS on the front door. There is no answer. The
text: shades are drawn. The house is darkened.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Anna. Anna, please. Let me in.
text: He KNOCKS again.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Come on. You can't stay locked in
dialog: your house all day.
text: Finally, the door cracks open. Anna has clearly not been
dialog: out of the house since the last time we saw her.
scene_heading: INT. MANOLO'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Javier sits opposite Anna.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: I know this is a tragedy, but you
dialog: have to realize that good has come
text: out of it.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: If Manolo hadn't gone and told them
dialog: what he did then Salazar and Madrigal
dialog: would never have been brought to
dialog: justice. He did a great thing for
dialog: Tijuana. He did a great thing for
dialog: Mexico.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I want to believe you. I really do.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: You will believe me, because it's
dialog: true.
scene_heading: EXT. SKETCH'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Seth walks up the steps and into the building. A beat later
text: he reappears and continues down the street.
text: Robert emerges from across the street and follows at a guarded
dialog: distance.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - DAY
text: Seth walks along the seedy neighborhood street. He approaches
text: the Villa Elaine. He turns up the steps and disappears
dialog: inside.
text: Robert follows him.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA ELAINE HALLWAY - DAY
text: Robert ascends the stairs. As he enters the hallway he sees
text: Seth pounding on one of the doors.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Open the door. Open the fucking
dialog: door, man.
text: A MAN'S VOICE comes from the other side of the door.
speaker_heading: MUFFLED VOICE
dialog: Go away!
text: Robert closes the distance. Seth pounds harder.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: I know she's in there. Let me talk
dialog: to her.
speaker_heading: MUFFLED VOICE
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about. Go away!
text: Robert reaches the door. Seth sees him.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: I know she's in there.
text: Robert kicks the door in.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Robert sees a middle-aged JOHN in his underwear and a dress
dialog: shirt.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey, I haven't touched her --
text: Caroline is passed out on the bed. Robert goes to her as
text: the John scrambles for his clothes.
text: She stirs and sees him --
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (really out of it)
dialog: Hi, Daddy.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT'S CAR - DAY
text: Caroline rides in the passenger seat. She's come out of her
text: stupor and is now filled with ebullience.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: It's gonna be great... I mean, I'm
dialog: okay and all, because, see, I met a
dialog: guy, he's in this pretty famous band
dialog: and...
dialog: (gets up confessional
dialog: courage)
dialog: They've invited me to write lyrics
dialog: for them, I'm gonna be able to do
dialog: that and maybe sing, too... not at
dialog: first, but later.
text: Caroline gets lost in her grandiose vision. Robert looks
text: over at her as she drifts off into a nod. A moment later
text: she's awake and rambling again.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (sounding completely
dialog: crazy)
dialog: I've been doing research for the
dialog: school paper, that's what I've been
dialog: doing, like on assignment kind-of,
dialog: I've seen some stuff you wouldn't
dialog: believe, but I'm gonna write it all
dialog: down into lyrics. They think I'm
dialog: really good, everybody says so, what
dialog: do you think?
text: Robert fights back tears. He reaches over and takes his
text: daughter's hand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. CLUB PLATINUM OFFICE - DAY
text: Juan Marquez sits across the desk from Javi. Tigrillo and
text: PABLO, 30's, are also in the meeting.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
text: Salazar and Madrigal are no longer
dialog: with us.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A feat none of these people could
dialog: get accomplished.
text: Juan nods toward Pablo and Tigrillo.
speaker_heading: MARQUEZ
dialog: You're going to be made the Special
dialog: Assistant to the new drug Czar, which
dialog: makes you a very valuable law
dialog: enforcement officer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I hope you like to travel because we
dialog: have plans for Juarez and El Paso,
dialog: Nogales, Sinaloa, Jalisco,
dialog: Michoacan...
text: Javi just stares at him for a long moment, then looks off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE IN WASHINGTON - DAY
text: Robert on the telephone.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: How was she?
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA'S OFFICE - DAY
text: A cramped, messy office at the Environmental Protection
text: Agency. Barbara is on the phone.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I'm really not sure. She seemed to
dialog: recognize it wasn't Serenity Oaks.
dialog: It's a pretty hard-core facility,
dialog: but at least we know where she is.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Maybe it's what she needs now.
text: INTERCUT ROBERT IN HIS OFFICE
text: He holds the phone and doesn't say anything.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: The court is searched carefully by a phalanx of OFFICERS.
text: Metal Detectors are checked. Bomb sniffing German Shepherds
text: are led through the space.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE - MORNING
text: The agents are unkempt and everyone is tired. Ruiz moves
text: through a cluttered room in a bathrobe with a cup of coffee.
text: An agent shows him a morning paper --
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Big day.
dialog: (shows picture in
dialog: paper)
dialog: You're a star.
text: Ruiz walks over and sits across from Gordon, switching off
text: the radio show he's listening to. Gordon looks up from his
dialog: paper.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Go shower. You smell.
text: There is a KNOCK on the front door. An AGENT goes to answer --
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: SOMEBODY (V.O.)
dialog: (through the door)
dialog: The Mafia. I've got his breakfast.
text: The agent opens the door and is handed a breakfast tray. He
text: puts the food in front of Ruiz who uncovers the sausage and
dialog: eggs.
text: An agent walking by tries to take a bite of sausage. Ruiz
text: stabs it with a fork --
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: Fuck off.
dialog: Gordon watches the interchange --
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Where's the love gone, Eddie?
dialog: You'll be testifying for at least ten days. What if we stop
dialog: feeding you?
text: Ruiz begins to eat hungrily.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: You expect me to be grateful for
dialog: spending the rest of my life looking
text: over my shoulder.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: That thought makes me feel awful.
text: Ruiz pushes eggs into a piece of toast.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: Can't you for a second imagine none
dialog: of this had happened? That my drugs
dialog: had gone through. What would have
dialog: been the harm? A few people get
dialog: high who are getting high anyway.
dialog: Your partner is still alive. We
dialog: avoid having breakfast together.
dialog: Don't you see this means nothing?
dialog: That your whole life is pointless?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You're breaking my heart.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: The worst thing about you, Monty, is
dialog: you realize the futility of what
dialog: you're doing and you do it anyway.
dialog: I wish you could see how transparent
dialog: you are.
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: This food tastes like shit.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: So go shower already.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: You only got to me because you were
text: tipped off by the Juarez Cartel,
text: who's trying to break into Tijuana.
dialog: You're helping them.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You work for a drug dealer too, Monty.
text: Ruiz stands and heads for the bathroom.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (yelling after him)
dialog: And shave. You better look nice and
dialog: believable for the jury.
text: Ruiz disappears into the bathroom and slams the door behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (to another agent)
dialog: It's like having another wife.
text: The agent laughs. There's another KNOCK on the door.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: SOMEBODY ELSE (V.O.)
dialog: (though the door)
dialog: Breakfast.
text: Gordon and the agent look at each other.
speaker_heading: SOMEBODY ELSE
dialog: Hurry up. It's getting cold.
text: Gordon moves to the side of the door and pulls his gun. The
text: other agent opens the door.
text: A MAN with a breakfast tray enters. Gordon puts the gun to
text: the side of his head.
scene_heading: MAN WITH TRAY
dialog: I'm on your side. God, you're jumpy.
text: Gordon is momentarily confused, then goes for the bathroom
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Call an ambulance. Hurry.
text: Gordon tries the bathroom door. It's stuck. He gets it
text: open a crack. There's a body against the other side. He
text: shoves.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Ruiz is on the floor in convulsions.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Call the ambulance.
dialog: (to Ruiz)
dialog: Don't die on me. You will not die
dialog: on me. Do you hear me? Don't you
dialog: die on me.
text: Ruiz's convulsions get worse, his claw-like fingers scratch
text: across the tile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - SAN DIEGO - DAY
text: The court is packed. Helena and Arnie watch from the gallery.
text: The judge is at the bench.
dialog: The prosecutor rises --
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Your honor, ladies and gentlemen of
dialog: the jury... Because of the sudden
dialog: death of Eduardo Ruiz, the people
dialog: have decided that at this point we
dialog: cannot continue our case against
dialog: Carl Ayala.
text: The court ERUPTS. Reporters scatter. Helena cheers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE OFFICE - DAY
text: Robert Wakefield enters the office of the Chief of Staff,
text: who looks up from what he's doing, which is reading Robert's
text: report, and is already mid-sentence.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF STAFF
dialog: Yeah, hi --
dialog: (waves Robert to a
dialog: chair)
dialog: So I've got a copy of your speech
dialog: here...
text: (glances down, still
dialog: reading)
dialog: It's fantastic... So, Robert, my
dialog: genuine thanks. You're my choice
dialog: and you're gonna be great. The
dialog: President is sorry he hasn't been
dialog: able to spend more time with you.
dialog: After the press conference he wants
dialog: to really sit down.
dialog: (an afterthought)
dialog: Oh, I got to the Post, too. Don't
dialog: worry about that thing with your
dialog: daughter, it's not news; they're
dialog: willing to treat it as a family
dialog: matter, a personal matter.
dialog: (off Robert's stare)
dialog: Look, even if it came out, we'd turn
dialog: it into a qualification, I've been
dialog: in the trenches of this Drug War, I
dialog: have seen the face of the enemy,
dialog: etcetera.
text: Robert just stares at him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAIL CELL - DAY
text: General Salazar sits in the same grimy cell that housed
text: Francisco Flores. He is sweating and his breathing is
text: labored. A DOCTOR enters and gives him an injection,
text: explaining that it will calm him down.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT OUTSIDE TIJUANA - DAY
text: It's a reprise of the earlier desert bust... a landing strip
text: in the middle of nowhere, a plane landing, SUV's approaching.
text: This time Javi is at the wheel of one of them. News crews
text: are trailing behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT AIRSTRIP - LATER
text: Javi and Special Agent Hughes stand next to a giant mound of
text: seized cocaine, the same cocaine, in fact, Javi held briefly
text: at the beginning. The same teenagers from the pickup truck
text: have been arrested. The news crews get everything.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: (to the press)
dialog: This seizure is one of the largest
dialog: seizures in Mexican history... It
dialog: represents the first bilateral effort
dialog: of the American DEA and the Mexican
speaker_heading: I.N.C.D.
scene_heading: INT. JAIL CELL - DAY
text: General Salazar lies on his side, eyes and mouth open. He
text: is dead. Javier looks at him through the doorway.
speaker_heading: JAVIER (V.O. CONT'D)
dialog: Today I'm very proud to announce
dialog: that Mexico, with the help of our
text: American partners, is finally winning
dialog: the war against narcotics trafficking.
text: The PRESS begins shouting questions --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. HEADQUARTERS, I.N.C.D. - MEXICO - DAY
text: Robert and Javi walk through the headquarters, a nondescript
dialog: government building.
text: Robert extracts photographs of the bust from a manila
text: envelope. The crates of cocaine are clearly marked "911."
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: The cocaine brand, 911, is an East
dialog: Coast brand, a Juarez Cartel brand,
dialog: and you must know it usually comes
dialog: through into El Paso?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: I'm aware of that.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: So what's it doing in Tijuana?
text: Javi looks Robert Wakefield squarely in the eye. He shrugs.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Let me ask you a hypothetical
dialog: question: if Salazar worked for
dialog: Madrigal and the Juaraz cartel, and
dialog: he went out of power, would it mean
dialog: the Juarez Cartel is losing influence?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: It could mean that, yes.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: That would probably mean the Tijuana
dialog: Cartel is gaining power?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: It's possible.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Is it possible to have a Drug Czar
dialog: in Mexico who isn't connected in
dialog: some war to one of the cartels?
text: Javi thinks along time before answering.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Yeah, it's possible... if you're
text: prepared to die.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AYALA FRONT YARD - AFTERNOON
text: An outdoor party is going on. Children and adults arrive
text: and mingle. Caterers work the barbecue grill. Waiters serve
text: food and drink on the rolling lawn.
text: Helena circles through the crowd greeting friends. She looks
text: past her tree line and up the street where a telephone repair
text: van is parked. She turns back toward her guests. Somebody
text: has raised a cup and everyone is CHEERING.
text: Helena drinks with her guests, then walks inside her house.
scene_heading: AT THE FRONT GATE
text: Montel Gordon walks through the gate and up the drive. He
text: grabs a drink off the tray of a passing waiter. He appears
dialog: drunk.
text: Montel follows Helena into the house.
scene_heading: INT. CARL'S PRIVATE STUDY - AFTERNOON
text: Carl hears the CHEERING outside and the sound of LAUGHTER.
text: He makes a cellular telephone call.
scene_heading: INT. ARNIE METZGER'S OFFICE - AFTERNOON
text: Arnie is in his office and answers the cell phone --
speaker_heading: CARLOS (V.O.)
dialog: It's Saturday, Arnie. You work too
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Carl, I'm running late. I'm coming
dialog: right now --
text: Behind Arnie in the office there is a movement of SHADOW.
scene_heading: INT. CARL'S PRIVATE STUDY - AFTERNOON
text: Carl stands at the window looking at his guests while he
dialog: talks on the phone --
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Don't bother.
speaker_heading: ARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: So Arnie, when were you going to
dialog: tell me about the 3 million dollars
dialog: we got in from San Francisco two
dialog: days after I got arrested?
speaker_heading: ARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I was just waiting for the right
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: And you didn't feel like you could
dialog: trust my wife with this news?
speaker_heading: ARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I just didn't want to take a chance.
dialog: I didn't want to risk it. It could
dialog: have been frozen along with everything
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: You had it all figured out. You
dialog: move into my house. You raise my
dialog: kids. You sleep with my wife. It
dialog: was a good plan, Arnie.
speaker_heading: ARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Carl, that's insane.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: So my wife is lying?
speaker_heading: ARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Carl, think about it, if I was trying
dialog: to rip you off, I would have left
dialog: town after Ruiz was killed. I
dialog: wouldn't sit next to you in court
text: listening to the dismissal.
text: On the front lawn CHILDREN are lined up for the ice-cream
text: sundae bar that is being tended by a WAITER.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Arnie, do think there's a difference
dialog: between a reason and an excuse,
dialog: because I don't think there is.
speaker_heading: ARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Carl --
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Goodbye Arnie.
scene_heading: INT. ARNIE METZGER'S OFFICE - AFTERNOON
text: Arnie turns around and there are TWO MEN in his office.
scene_heading: INT. CARL'S PRIVATE STUDY - AFTERNOON
text: Carl hears MUFFLED GUNSHOTS over the phone. He hangs up and
text: turns from the window. Helena is standing there.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Who was that?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Arnie. He's not going to be able to
dialog: make the barbecue.
text: Carl and Helena share an embrace and a kiss.
speaker_heading: HELENA
text: Come downstairs. Everyone is waiting.
text: Carl and Helena turn to leave the room and Montel Gordon is
text: standing in the doorway with his glass of champagne.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Hello, Helena. What a great party.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Nobody. I'm a nobody who arrested
dialog: you, but your wife is a murderer.
text: Gordon takes a sip of his drink. Two SECURITY OFFICERS appear
text: in the doorway behind him.
speaker_heading: SECURITY OFFICER
dialog: Hey, you can't be in here.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I'm a cop.
speaker_heading: SECURITY OFFICER
dialog: I don't care.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (to the guards)
dialog: Throw him out of here.
text: The security officers grab Gordon. There is a scuffle.
text: Gordon falls to the floor by the window. They are wrestling.
text: As they wrestle, Gordon reaches out and, unnoticed, affixes
text: TINY LISTENING DEVICE underneath the desk.
text: He continues to struggle with the guards. Helena and Carlos
text: start from the room.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: You didn't win, Helena. You lost
dialog: everything. Tell your children a
dialog: nice bedtime story... How you killed
dialog: my partner.
scene_heading: EXT. AYALA FRONT YARD - AFTERNOON
text: The guests watch as the guards eject Gordon from the premises.
text: Near the gate David has stopped playing to watch the action.
text: Then he goes back to playing with his toy: a Spastic Jack
dialog: figure.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VERDANT NEIGHBORHOOD - MEXICO CITY - DAY
text: Javi and his convoy of armored SUV's pull up in front of the
text: beautiful house where earlier he deposited Rosario, Salazar's
dialog: former mistress.
text: Javier opens the front door and Rosario greets him by throwing
text: her arms around his neck. They disappear inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE PRESS ROOM - DAY
text: The PRESS SECRETARY stands at the familiar podium addressing
dialog: the White House Press Corps.
text: Robert Wakefield stands to one side with Chief of Staff, his
dialog: lawyers, Sheridan and General Landry.
speaker_heading: PRESS SECRETARY
dialog: ...a sterling reputation and close
dialog: friend of the President, recently
dialog: confirmed into The Office of National
dialog: Drug Control Policy... our new Drug
dialog: Czar, Robert Hudson Wakefield.
text: Applause from the assembled PRESS. The Press Secretary
text: signals and Robert walks to the podium. He looks back to
text: the Chief of Staff; he stares out at the expectant faces and
text: television lights and camera flashes.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (reading his prepared
dialog: speech)
dialog: The War on Drugs is a war on our
dialog: nation's most precious resource...
dialog: our children. Sixty-eight million
dialog: children have been targeted by those
dialog: who perpetrate this war and protecting
dialog: those children must be priority number
dialog: one.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There has been progress and there
dialog: have been failures, but where we
dialog: have fallen short I see not a problem
dialog: but an opportunity.
text: Robert is becoming increasingly uneasy. He glances at the
text: Chief of Staff who bores into him. He looks again at his
text: speech. With great effort he continues.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: An opportunity to correct the mistakes
dialog: of the past while laying a solid
dialog: foundation for the future.
dialog: (a long, uncomfortable
dialog: beat)
dialog: This takes not only new ideas, but
dialog: perseverance. This takes not only
dialog: resources, but courage. This takes
dialog: not only government, but families.
text: Robert stops again as though the words are choking him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I've... I've outlined a ten-point
dialog: plan, representing a new bilateral
dialog: effort...
text: He can't finish. Everyone stares at Robert. The crowd of
text: reporters senses something is wrong.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I can't do this.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If there is a War on Drugs then our
dialog: own families have become the enemy.
dialog: How can you wage war on your own
dialog: family?
text: He walks out of the room. The crowd waits, expecting him to
dialog: return.
text: Robert walks down a corridor and out of the White House.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - DAY
text: A beautiful spring morning. He walks down to Pennsylvania
text: Avenue. He hails a cab and gets in. The cab pulls away.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH BASEMENT - DAY
text: A twelve step meeting is in progress. Caroline shares from
dialog: her seat.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: On the good days I feel like I get
dialog: it, like it all makes sense. I can
dialog: stay in the moment. I don't have to
dialog: control everything in the future.
dialog: And I believe everything is going to
dialog: work out fine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: On the bad days, I just want to grab
text: the phone and start dialing numbers.
dialog: I want to pull my hair and run through
text: the streets screaming.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But, thanks to the people I've met
dialog: in these rooms, people like Margaret
dialog: and Jim and Sarah, people who've
dialog: taught me how to listen, I'm pretty
dialog: sure I'll make it through today.
text: Caroline is finished sharing.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Would you like to share?
text: We pan over to reveal Robert and Barbara sitting next to
dialog: Caroline.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: My name is Robert. This is my wife,
dialog: Barbara. We're Caroline's parents.
dialog: We're just hear to listen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMIT.
scene_heading: EXT. AYALA HOME - NIGHT
text: The house is dark and silent. The van is parked up the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: INT. VAN - NIGHT
text: Gordon listens through a headset, his expression set.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (V.O.)
dialog: (over a listening
dialog: device)
text: We're back up and running.
text: Completely untouchable. Completely.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL FIELD - TIJUANA - DAY
text: A bank of lights CRANKS on. Then ANOTHER and ANOTHER.
text: In a wider shot we see an illuminated baseball field where a
text: children's pickup game is in progress.
text: In the crowd, Javi serenely watches the game.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
