dialog: Untitled Wally Pfister Project
dialog: Written by
dialog: Jack Paglen
dialog: 5.1.12
text: A FIELD OF WHITE fills the screen. Slowly, the white is
text: invaded by rivulets of fragmented black matter. This graphite-—
text: like material forms intricate streams from the top and sides
text: of the frame. The network moves, builds, expands and
text: intertwines until the screen is completely black. In the
text: blackness a REFLECTION slowly fades into view. The reflection
text: is in the black smoke glass of a massive room of computer
dialog: servers. We pan to find ourselves in-
scene_heading: INT. DATA CENTER, BOSTON ~ DAY
text: An endless row of computer servers stand lifeless and dark.
text: Tlluminated only by a long row of skylights above. There is
text: no power. Two men walk through. MAX WATERS is in his forties.
text: Dirty jeans. Stained coat. JOSEPH TAGGER is sixty. Ungroomed.
text: They take in the dark building, still as a tomb.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: How is it out there? Have you found
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No. Nothing. I heard Tokyo has
dialog: power. Berlin, too. But they’re
dialog: just rumors.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Nobody's connected?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No. No phone. No internet. No
dialog: power. Nothing.
text: They walk in silence, both lost in thought. Max takes in the
text: lifeless machines all around them.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You know we’re rebuilding the same
dialog: system?
text: Max goes silent. They move to the exit, guarded by SOLDIERS
text: with assault rifles.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me know what you find.
text: Max walks away. Joseph moves back into the facility.
scene_heading: EXT. BOSTON STREETS - DAY
text: Max walks through the rain... scores of BICYCLISTS are the
text: only traffic... the STOP LIGHTS are dark...
text: a pair of MARINES stand near a broken and looted ATM
text: machine... A group of HUNGRY PEOPLE wait in line to enter a
dialog: dark grocery store...
scene_heading: EXT. CAMBRIDGE STREET - DAY
text: Max walks along the line of lifeless townhouses. The
text: stillness is broken by a MAN using a hand saw to cut wood. A
text: WOMAN installs a new frame for their breached front door.
text: They stop and watch Max. Suspicious. They wait for him to
text: pass halfway down the block before getting back to work.
text: Max stops in front of an old townhouse. Shattered windows.
text: The front door is missing. He climbs the steps and enters-
scene_heading: INT. LOOTED TOWNHOUSE ~ DAY
text: Max takes in the abandoned home. Water stains. Debris. Piled
text: mattresses suggest squatters have come and gone. The
text: floorboards were scavenged for firewood - the charred
text: evidence is in the fireplace.
text: In the center of the room is a pile of discarded cell phones,
text: laptops, and tablet machines, Max grabs one of the phones.
text: He leans against a wall. He slides into a crouch. He turns
text: the phone over in his hand. It’s dead.
text: His breathing quickens as he fights back emotion. He sits
text: there. Alone.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I‘m sorry.
text: Outside, the rain has stopped. The day brightens. Max looks
text: to the rear of the house. Something arrests his attention. He
text: makes his way through the 19th century townhouse and-
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - DAY
text: Steps into the garden, which is lush and full of life. Ivy
text: covers the walls. Flowers of every shape and color. The
dialog: garden contrasts everything we’ve seen of this world.
text: In the corner rests a set of vintage garden furniture. A
text: small table, two chairs. Dark, lightly rusted metal. Max
text: stares at the empty seats.
text: Water from the recent rains drips in a PERCUSSION. As it does-
dialog: 3.
text: A calmness comes over Max. His attention settles on a leaf of
text: ivy, where moisture collects into a bead of water.
text: He studies the shimmering drop of liquid. As he stares,
text: something new emerges in his eyes... Recognition.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: TEN YEARS EARLIER.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY
text: An AERIAL view of the Capitol... moving south east toward the
dialog: Anacostia River...
scene_heading: INT. EASTERN MARKET/BAKERY ~ DAY
text: The CAKE is a work of art. BREE, the tattooed baker, boxes it
text: up with latex gloves. She gives it to the customer, LANCE, a
dialog: white-collar professional.
scene_heading: I/E. LANCE'S CAR/WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY
text: Lance glances at the cake next to him. He drives by the
text: CAPITOL BUILDING... through a WOODED AREA... makes a hidden
text: turn. He hands an ID CARD to a GUARD holding an assault
text: rifle. A SECOND GUARD searches the car’s undercarriage with a
text: mirror. They wave him to an ANONYMOUS OFFICE BUILDING.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: Lance passes the cake through an X-RAY machine and moves
text: through METAL DETECTORS. GUARDS scrutinize him. Lance sets a
text: palm on a scanner and positions for an iris scan.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR — DAY
text: Buttons indicate three floors. Lance waves his ID at a
text: sensor. The elevator descends. Bl. B2. B3. B4. BS. Stops.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND LAB/SERVER ROOM - DAY
text: Lance carries the cake past endless rows of COMPUTER SERVERS.
scene_heading: INI. UNDERGROUND LAB/TERMINAL ROOM - DAY
text: JOSEPH TAGGER writes code at a COMPUTER TERMINAL. Behind him,
text: ten other TEAM MEMBERS work at similar stations. Joseph,
text: wearing EAR PLUGS, can’t hear anything. Someone CLAPS Joseph
text: on the back. Joseph turns and finds-
text: Lance, holding the cake, covered in candles. Joseph blows out
text: the candles... The team eats cake... Joseph slides his piece
text: next to his seat, forgetting it as he gets back to work.
text: Lance watches his colleagues eat. He sets his untouched piece
text: down and slips away from the group.
text: Joseph, working, itches at his ear plug. As he pulls it out,
text: we hear the ambient WHIR of computer servers. His chair
text: CREAKS as he swivels to face the room, where he finds...
text: All the other team members are dead.
scene_heading: EXT. CAL TECH ~ NIGHT
text: We tilt down past a large cloud of black smoke to a BURNING
text: university building. Emergency equipment surrounds it.
scene_heading: INT. CAL TECH LAB - NIGHT
text: FIREFIGHTERS race into an INFERNO. BODIES lay on the floor.
text: COMPUTER HARDWARE melts in the heat. BURNING GASOLINE spells
text: out: SLAVES.
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO COMPUTER LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: Moving slowly through a massive room of SUPER COMPUTER
text: TOWERS, we reach a section where several towers have been
text: overturned. One has crushed the head of a SCIENTIST. In the
dialog: blood someone wrote: SLAVES.
scene_heading: I/E. PRINCETON UNIVERSITY/SERVER ROOM — DAWN
text: A PROFESSOR hangs, strangled by the cables binding her to
text: servers. Someone carved SLAVES into the wall. ANDERSON, a
text: veteran FBI Special Agent, leaves the forensic teams to do
text: their work... Outside, he joins Joseph Tagger.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: Another computer scientist. Sarah
dialog: Daniels.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I used to work with her.
scene_heading: I/E. WILL AND EVELYN’S TOWNHOUSE/GARDEN — DAY
text: As we move through the 19th century townhouse, we recognize
dialog: it as the same house Max visited earlier, but now we find-
text: WILL CASTER making coffee. Mid-thirties. He grabs two mugs in
text: one hand, the coffee pot in the other, and uses a knee to
text: open the back door.
text: We follow him into the garden. It’s not much to look at.
text: Clutches of weeds spattered on dry dirt. It doesn’t matter,
dialog: he only has eyes for-
text: EVELYN CASTER taps on her laptop at the garden table. She’s a
text: thirty-year-old genius. She smiles at Will and the-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Coffeeeeeeece...
text: Will hands her a mug. She cradles it. Elixir of the gods. The
text: sight makes his day. He kisses the top of her head.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: So whaddya think? You coming today?
dialog: You don’t have to-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Are you kidding? Front row-
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Just don’t want to subject you to
dialog: it, you know? I feel like they’ve
dialog: heard it all-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: They hang on your every word.
text: Will's cell RINGS. He pulls it out.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Hello? Hello?.. Hello?
text: She gestures to the far side of the garden. Will moves there.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT’D)
dialog: Hello?...
dialog: {To Evelyn)
dialog: Dead zone.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What about Block Island instead of
dialog: the Cape?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I love Block Island. When?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Next weekend?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Make-up classes. Midweek?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Teaching.
text: She looks up at him, standing there, sipping coffee.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT‘D)
dialog: You're a sexy professor. I have to
dialog: be at your lecture. Protect you
dialog: from the cute coeds. We’re never
dialog: going on vacation are we?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We should wait until summer so we
dialog: can put the rest of it out of our
dialog: minds. No phones, chargers, wiki-
dialog: tweet-face-link-shit, no students.
text: He wraps his arms around her, puts his cheek close to her
dialog: ear, and whispers-
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT’D)
dialog: By the way, there are no cute coeds
dialog: in the computer science department.
text: She lifts her arms and holds his head against hers. They stay
text: there, close. The day is bright.
scene_heading: EXT. MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - DAY
text: Bree (the baker) and Lance, carrying a KIT BAG, join a press
text: of STUDENTS entering an auditorium.
scene_heading: INT. MIT LECTURE HALL ~ DAY
text: Max Waters addresses the packed house. He’s lean. Tailored.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: My name is Max Waters. I’m a
dialog: neurosurgeon and teach at the
dialog: Harvard-MIT Division of Health
dialog: Sciences and Technology.
text: Lance slips through the door as students settle in.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: I've been friends with today’s
dialog: speaker since we were roommates
dialog: freshman year. And while we
dialog: disagree on... pretty much
dialog: everything...
text: Evelyn, in the front row, shares a grin with Max. Lance heads
text: up a set of stairs.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s a brilliant visionary, devoted
dialog: teacher, and a dear friend. Please
dialog: welcome the head of MIT's Computer
dialog: Science and Artificial Intelligence
dialog: Lab - Professor Will Caster.
text: Max leads the APPLAUSE as Will takes the stage. As he speaks,
text: a MULTIMEDIA PRESENTATION helps visualize his ideas.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Computer intelligence doubles
dialog: roughly every year. Human
dialog: intelligence is limited by
dialog: evolution and has remained static
dialog: for hundreds of thousands of years.
text: ACOUSTIC PANELS line the ceiling. Lance, in the crawl space
text: above one, opens his kit bag.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT‘D)
dialog: One day computer intelligence will
dialog: surpass that of a human. This
dialog: moment, the birth of a greater—than—
dialog: human technological intelligence,
dialog: is what we call the Singularity.
text: Max, listening in the wings, glances at Evelyn. Evelyn
text: watches Will. He is everything to her.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: This artificial intelligence won't
dialog: be limited by biological evolution.
dialog: It will evolve itself at an
text: exponential pace.
text: Lance finishes assembling a RIFLE.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: If this being comes online with the
dialog: intelligence of two men, ina
dialog: little more than a year it could
dialog: have the intellect of four. Then
dialog: 16. In seven years it could be as
dialog: intelligent as 4.2 billion. By the
dialog: end of the decade it would be more
dialog: intelligent than everyone born in
dialog: the history of the world.
text: Lance opens a LEAD BOX containing a single BULLET. He uses a
text: pair of pliers to load it into the rifle.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Imagine. All the intelligence of
dialog: everyone ever born in one entity.
text: Lance finds Will in the CROSS-HAIRS. Will paces, forcing
text: Lance to inch closer to the edge of the acoustic panel.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: A partnership with a Strong AI will
dialog: help us unlock the secrets of the
dialog: universe. It will help us heal our
dialog: environment. It may even allow us
dialog: overcome the greatest threat to
dialog: biological life... Death.
text: Max glances at the audience. Freezes. He spots the RIFLE
text: BARREL protruding from the acoustic panel.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
text: A self-aware, self-evolving
dialog: intelligence will improve our lives
dialog: in ways we can’t even imagine...
text: Max RUSHES onto the stage - Lance PULLS THE TRIGGER - the
text: GUNSHOT rings out - as Max tackles him, Will’s shoulder POPS
dialog: with the bullet - everyone FREEZES...
text: Lance grimaces at his faulty shot. Bree, in the rear of the
text: auditorium, sits absolutely still.
text: Someone SCREAMS. CHAOS breaks out. Will grabs his bleeding
text: shoulder. Max drags him offstage. Evelyn scrambles to them.
text: IN THE AUDITORIUM: Lance is gone. Bree is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - DAY
text: TERRIFIED STUDENTS stampede out of the building. Lance and
text: Bree, with backpacks and feigned panic, escape with them.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: Will, bandaged, contemplates a glass vial containing the
text: bullet. Evelyn kisses him. Will looks in her eyes to make
dialog: sure she knows-
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I’m fine.
text: She’s not convinced. Max reviews the medical charts.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Everything looks good. They’re
dialog: releasing you into my care, That
dialog: means I’m your doctor. You have to
dialog: do what I say. No work.
text: Will grabs his smart phone. Starts thumbing it.
scene_heading: I/E. MIT/STATA CENTER - DAY
text: Joseph, flanked by ANDERSON and other FEDS, moves into the
text: building. They pass rooms of COMPUTER RESEARCH: robotics,
dialog: system hardware, and theoretical algorithms.
text: Evelyn, Max and Will (arm bandaged and in a sling) speak to
text: POLICE DETECTIVES. Joseph’s men take the cops aside,
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Joseph?
text: She embraces him. Warm.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Is there somewhere we can talk?
scene_heading: INT. WILL’S OFFICE - DAY
text: A large, chaotic workspace. Joseph passes GRUESOME CRIME
text: PHOTOS of the recent attacks to Will, Evelyn and Max.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Over the past 48 hours there's been
text: a highly coordinated string of
text: attacks. A bomb at Caltech killed
dialog: Norman Causewell.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT'D)
dialog: Dr. Daniels at Princeton was
text: killed. Mike Lacy at the University
dialog: of Chicago.
text: Evelyn covers her mouth in shock.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We know these people...
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: There were others, all-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: In artificial intelligence?
text: Joseph nods. Will, Evelyn and Max process the information.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT‘D)
dialog: You're working with the FBI?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: They’ve brought me on as an
dialog: advisor. Because of my background.
dialog: And because I know one of the
dialog: suspects. My project at the
dialog: Department of Defense was the first
dialog: attack. Two days ago a colleague...
text: Joseph holds up an ID CARD PHOTO of Lance, all smiles.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT'D)
dialog: Brought a birthday cake into the
text: lab. It was laced with dioxin.
dialog: Within an hour my team was dead...
dialog: They were good people.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm so sorry.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: He's part of a larger group. They
dialog: call themselves the RIFT. Have you
dialog: ever heard of them?
text: Will, Evelyn and Max shake their heads. Joseph sets down a
scene_heading: document titled: REVOLUTIONARY INDEPENDENCE FROM TECHNOLOGY.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT’D)
dialog: All we have is their manifesto. It
text: appeared on a public server in
dialog: Amsterdam. We can’t trace it beyond
dialog: that.
text: Max picks up the manifesto. Joseph sums it up with-—
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT’D)
dialog: They believe the Singularity is
text: about to happen. They’re convinced
text: it would be an apocalyptic event.
text: Joseph takes the three of them in.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT'D)
dialog: I could count on my hands the
dialog: people in this country who might be
text: able to wake up a Strong AI.
dialog: Myself, the three of you and... the
text: six others are dead.
text: Joseph makes eye contact, making sure they understand-
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT'D)
dialog: You are all in very great danger.
text: Joseph watches them. As the news settles, he leans in-
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I meet your machine?
scene_heading: INT. PROJECT PINN, MAIN LAB - DAY
text: A line of state-of-the-art, custom-built towers make the
text: supercomputer called PINN. Throughout the laboratory, FLAT-
text: SCREENS map PINN's network. Joseph steps toward the machine.
speaker_heading: PINN
dialog: Your work in self-evolving
dialog: algorithms inspired a great deal of
dialog: my functionality, Dr. Tagger.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: That's encouraging. Tell me a
dialog: little about yourself.
speaker_heading: PINN
dialog: I am PINN. A Physically Independent
dialog: Neural Network, invented by-
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: That's great. Can you prove that
dialog: you're self-aware?
speaker_heading: PINN
dialog: That's a difficult challenge. Can
dialog: you prove that you are?
text: Joseph blinks at PINN for a second. He glances at Will.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: It has your sense of humor.
text: Will, a little pale, smiles.
text: Evelyn opens one of PINN’s processing towers. It’s not like
dialog: anything you've seen. The modular core is grey and
text: crystalline, encased in a transparent shell. Joseph beams
text: with pride at Will, Evelyn and Max.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT’D)
dialog: Look at what you’ve done. This is
dialog: amazing. Evelyn was all of sixteen
dialog: when I first taught you.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It’s not self-aware, but it’s
dialog: learning.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We’ll get there.
text: Max continues a decade-long debate with-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We can’t program a machine to be
dialog: self-aware because we have no idea
dialog: how our own consciousness works.
text: Will‘s about to argue, but Evelyn shoots him a look. Will,
text: looking feverish, chooses uncomfortable diplomacy with-
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We agreed to disagree.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We agreed we'd be satisfied with
speaker_heading: PINN‘’S medical applications.
text: Evelyn and Joseph share a glance. They’re both familiar with
text: Max and Will’s rival posturing. Joseph turns to Max.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Mike Lacy thought he found a way
dialog: around the self-awareness
dialog: question... They killed him before
dialog: he could publish.
text: Max, doubtful, glances at Will - who looks increasingly ill.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You okay?
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Yeah. A little nausea.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It could be the shock. You could be
dialog: coming down with the flu. Either
dialog: way, you're going home to rest.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL AND EVELYN'S GARDEN — DAY
text: Will flips through documents. Evelyn TAPS the keyboard on her
text: laptop. It’s not responding.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: This is interesting.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Mike Lacy was working on-
text: Evelyn SWATS her keyboard in frustration.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I just have to reboot.
text: Evelyn resets her machine. Waiting for her computer, she
text: glances at Will. He’s ashen, sheened in sweat, and trembling.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Want to lay down for a while?
text: Will gives a weak nod.
scene_heading: INT, WILL AND EVELYN’S BEDROOM/BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Evelyn wakes up to an empty bed. At the sound of RETCHING,
text: she moves to the light of the bathroom door. Inside, Will
text: VOMITS. He looks at her, scared, and VOMITS again.
text: She puts a soothing hand on him. He keeps RETCHING.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — DAY
text: Will, very sick, lays in bed. Evelyn strokes his hair. Max
text: reviews the LAB REPORTS with DOCTOR STRAUSS.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR STRAUSS
dialog: Negative for dioxin. Negative for
dialog: anthrax. Negative for-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Why is his white blood cell count
dialog: under three thousand?
text: Evelyn finds Will’s hair is falling out in large patches.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Max.
text: She shows them the symptom. Max goes pale.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No, God. Please no.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: A TECH examines Will with a RADIATION SURVEY METER. It
text: CRACKLES. Will closes his eyes against the death sentence.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM/HOSPITAL HALLWAY - DAY
text: Max, with somber simplicity, shares the results with Will.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: The bullet delivered a large dose
dialog: of polonium. It entered your blood
dialog: stream and... It dispersed through
dialog: your entire body...
text: Max's professionalism breaks. He tries to recover it.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: You have severe radiation
dialog: poisoning... It’s, um, it’s really
dialog: bad... I mean, we'll try everything
dialog: but this is a lethal dose...
text: This is not a patient. This is his best friend.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: You have four, maybe five weeks...
text: Will looks through a glass partition into the hallway, where
text: he makes eye-contact with-
text: Evelyn, just back with Will’s coat and other personal items,
text: is frozen in the window. Her hands cover her mouth. The
text: expressions on Will and Max says it all.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: INT. WILL AND EVELYN’S TOWNHOUSE - DAY
text: We move slowly down the hallway of the townhouse’s interior,
text: eventually rounding a corner into the living room, where Will
text: and Evelyn hold each other on the couch. Evelyn sobs quietly.
scene_heading: INT. WILL AND EVELYN'S TOWNHOUSE - LATER
text: Evelyn opens the refrigerator. Other than a few condiments
text: and a random can of Sprite, the fridge is bare. She stares
text: into it. She’s woefully unprepared for this.
text: Will, on the couch, takes in their home. Motherboards and
text: computer hardware cover the table. A mess. Will summons the
text: strength to stand. Woozy, he corrects his balance. He inches
text: across the room, finally lunging to the table for support.
text: Evelyn searches the kitchen like it’s alien terrain. She
text: looks surprised to find the pots and pans and... a can of
text: tomato soup. She takes it.
text: She finds Will sorting the mess of hardware.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Cleaning. We’ve been working so
dialog: hard. I forgot... my chores...
text: Will looks dizzy. His legs give out. He CRASHES onto the
text: floor. Evelyn jumps to help him up, but his dead weight is
text: too much for her. She slips and falls next to him.
dialog: There’s no place they’d rather be. They stay there. Holding
text: each other. Trying to treasure every detail.
scene_heading: INT. MAX'S APARTMENT ~ DAY
text: Max steps into the foyer of his well-appointed home. It looks
text: terribly empty. He stares at it and, perhaps realizing he
text: couldn’t bear to be alone right now, leaves.
scene_heading: I/E. EVELYN’S SEDAN/BOURNE BRIDGE, CAPE COD - DAY
text: An aerial view of a lone car passing over the bridge...
text: Evelyn drives Will in silence...
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW ENGLAND BEACH - DAY
text: Will and Evelyn sit among the dunes. She pours soup from a
text: Thermos and offers him a sip. Will, blanketed against the
text: autumn day, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: My dad was an engineer. He spent
dialog: his life lost in complicated
dialog: problems.
text: Evelyn offers him saltines. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: When he was dying he told me
dialog: something I never knew. He always
dialog: wished he had spent more time in
dialog: his garden... That it was
dialog: important. I couldn’t figure out
dialog: what the hell he was talking about.
text: She cracks open the Sprite. Offers it. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Will. Please drink this.
text: Will gives in. She helps him take a sip.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT’D)
dialog: We need to keep your strength up.
text: He feigns strength. She smiles. He vomits up the soda.
text: She soothes him... he stills... she wraps her arms around
dialog: him... they watch the sea.
scene_heading: INT. BOXING GYM — NIGHT
text: Max unloads on a HEAVY BAG. POUNDING it, again and again. He
text: gives it a final SLAM. All his pain and fury. Panting, he
text: watches it swing right back at hin,
scene_heading: INT. WILL AND EVELYN’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Evelyn works on her laptop with a thousand-yard stare. She
text: discovers her hands trembling with rage. She makes fists.
text: She focuses on the screen. A few clicks. Something arrests
text: her attention. She leans in.
text: From the bedroom, Will MOANS in weak agony. She turns her
text: head. As the silence lengthens, she starts reading again.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: INT. WILL AND EVELYN’S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Will flips through thick binders of RESEARCH. Evelyn paces.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We‘ve talked for years about the
dialog: inevitability of this technology.
dialog: Mike did it. Not fifty years from
dialog: now. He did it six months ago.
text: Will closes the research. Ambivalent. Evelyn holds up a piece
text: of hardware. A fragile-looking IMPLANT.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT’D)
dialog: This could be the key to everything
dialog: we've been working for. All of your
dialog: noble ambitions.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I'm not afraid to die. You have to
dialog: be sure. Is this really what you
dialog: want?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I already have a place. And
dialog: equipment. Please let me do this.
text: He masks his sad doubt with a nod. She kisses him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: We're gonna need Max.
scene_heading: INT. WILL AND EVELYN’S LIVING ROOM ~ NIGHT
text: Max examines an IMPLANT, thinner than a strand of hair. Will
text: struggles through his fatigue to say-
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: That, right there, is why they
dialog: killed Mike Lacy. He implanted it
dialog: in a rhesus monkey. That pushed The
text: RIFT off the deep end...
text: Will cannot continue. It motivates Evelyn.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He recorded its brain activity. He
dialog: duplicated it digitally. He
dialog: uploaded the animal’s consciousness
text: into a computer. Just like it was a
text: song or a movie.
text: Max puts down the implant, perhaps frightened by it.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Where did you get this?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I lied to one of Lacy’s grad
dialog: students. Told him I worked with
dialog: the project’s financier.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This is insane.
text: Max unpacks grocery bags. Medications and jars of baby food.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: His body is dying. But Will is not
text: his body. His being is a pattern of
dialog: electrical signals in his mind. We
text: can upload it all into PINN.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No. Absolutely not. If we‘d made
dialog: progress with nanotechnology, we
dialog: could use the synthetic blood cells
dialog: to purify his system-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Nanotechnology is decades away!
dialog: (She grabs the implant)
dialog: This is what we have. But without
dialog: your help, without you doing the
dialog: surgery, we don’t have anything.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Aside from the certainty of
dialog: failure, aside from performing
dialog: criminal medical procedures on a
dialog: terminally ill man... You won't be
dialog: uploading Will. At best, you'll be
dialog: making a digital approximation of
dialog: him. It will be a machine that
dialog: thinks it is Will. It will be a
text: lie. Trapped in a box of hardware-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You can’t know that for sure! We
dialog: have to try. This is our only
dialog: chance!
text: Max sits there, shaking his head. She presses with-
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: You're a doctor. You took the
dialog: Hippocratic Oath. You swore to save
dialog: life-
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Don't lecture me on Hippocratic
dialog: Oath! The oath says, above all, I
dialog: must not play at God. A man is more
dialog: than a machine. A machine might be
dialog: able to pattern your thought, but
dialog: it can’t pattern your soul.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Yes. It can.
text: Max stands there, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: All the intelligence in the world
dialog: will never amount to a shred of
dialog: wisdom. This is wrong.
text: Evelyn takes Max’s hands in her own. Will watches Max try to
text: hide how much he cherishes her touch.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Look at Will. Look at what they did
dialog: to him. Then tell me about right
dialog: and wrong.
text: Max faces Will. He can’t bear it for long.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: If you don’t do the surgery, I’m
dialog: going to do it myself.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You'll be killing him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I won't be the only one.
text: Evelyn’s eyes are steel. Max doesn’t back down.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You can’t escape what’s happening
text: by turning it into an experiment.
text: With that, Max walks out. Will and Evelyn watch him go.
scene_heading: EXT. BOSTON STREETS - NIGHT
text: Max runs. The hood of his sweatshirt pulled low. He pushes
text: himself. Faster. Harder. He wipes away the sweat and tears.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT. WILL AND EVELYN‘S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Evelyn spoons some of the baby food for Will. He swallows.
text: Waits. As his stomach settles, he nods... and stares off.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL AND EVELYN’S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Will sits on the stoop. Deep in thought. He looks up as Max
text: arrives. Max climbs the steps, eases himself next to Will.
text: They sit in silence. Max has to help his friend.
scene_heading: INT. STATA CENTER HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Joseph hurries to meet Anderson outside the PINN lab.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: There’s been a break-in.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Was anything taken from the lab?
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: I wouldn’t even know how to tell.
text: Joseph pushes through the doors into-
scene_heading: INT. PROJECT PINN, MAIN LAB - NIGHT
text: Joseph looks relieved to see the PINN hardware intact. But as
text: he opens one of the towers, he pales. He opens more. The
text: crystalline cores are all gone.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: They stole the processing cores.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
speaker_heading: The RIFT?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: No.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL AND EVELYN’S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: UNMARKED SEDANS fill the street. FEDS move in and out of the
text: building, investigating.
dialog: 2i.
scene_heading: I/E. EVELYN’S SEDAN - NIGHT
text: Evelyn drives. Max, in the back, keeps an eye out for anyone
text: tailing them. Will sees the REVOLVER in Evelyn’s lap. She
text: pulls the car into a-
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Evelyn and Max help Will into an old 4x4 TRUCK. She explains-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It’s unregistered,
scene_heading: I/E. EVELYN'S TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Evelyn races the truck up the north-bound freeway. She merges
text: into the left lane. In the REAR VIEW: she watches a car, a
text: few lengths back, merge after her... a tail?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Max?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I see it.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We're going north?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Just hold on.
text: Evelyn SPINS the truck off the freeway and into the median,
text: SLAMS the accelerator, and enters the south-bound traffic.
text: Cars HONK and SWERVE to keep from hitting them. Max keeps an
text: eye on the traffic behind them. Nobody follows.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Evelyn?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We can’t trust anyone.
text: Will nods. The truck races back toward Boston.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Evelyn parks. They unload Will and the gear.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Evelyn unpacks one of PINN’S modular cores from a duffel bag.
text: She adds it to the others, already connected in a net of
dialog: fiber optic cables.
text: Her ad-hoc system looks like a cybernetic spider web, dotted
text: with hardware salvaged from PINN. Flat-screens show
text: diagnostics. A pair of control terminals rest on a table that
text: may have been reclaimed from a dumpster.
text: Cables run into a hole in the concrete floor where there’s an
text: exposed UTILITY LINE. She’s tapped into Boston’s power grid.
text: Max and Will have some privacy in a make-shift sterile room.
text: Will’s prepped for surgery. Max loads anesthesia.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You know this isn’t going to work.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I have my doubts.
text: Max, resigned, injects the anesthesia into Will’s drip.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I want you to count back from ten.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I know you love her.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Just count back from ten.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Promise me. When it happens, you’1l1
dialog: take care of her.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Just count back from ten.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Promise me.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I promise.
text: The drugs take Will. Darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. BOSTON — DAY
text: The early morning sun creeps across the waking city. A
text: COMMUTER TRAIN slides by a station platform.
dialog: 23.
text: PEDESTRIANS walk the streets, texting, talking on cell
text: phones. A lone CREW BOAT glides along the Charles River.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING -— DAY
text: Will finds himself on a bed. A living space has been set up.
text: He sees Max and Evelyn studying the cascade of information
text: streaming over an array of screens. Evelyn moves to him.
text: Wires run out of his skull from twenty insertion points. The
text: cables, tied into a tether, connect to PINN’S stolen cores.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Don’t worry. It worked.
text: Will nods and, groggy from the drugs, falls back asleep.
text: Evelyn joins Max at PINN, displaying an intimidating amount
dialog: of information.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It took Mike Lacy a year to do this.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We have a month.
text: They process what lays before them. Evelyn, committing, sits
text: at the terminal. Max follows. They get to work.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - VARIOUS
text: Max helps Will take one of a collection of pills as Evelyn
text: sits at the monitors, writing code.
text: Evelyn takes a digital recording of Will’s voice as Max takes
text: a shift at the terminal.
text: Max performs a lidar scan on Will as Evelyn types at the
dialog: machine.
text: Evelyn gives Will a sponge bath as Max codes at the machine.
text: Evelyn works as Max plays chess with Will. Will, too weak to
text: even move the chess pieces, topples them.
text: Will sleeps. Max and Evelyn work in the dim light of the data
text: stream. She watches him wiping sweat away. Stress.
text: Evelyn works at PINN. Behind her, Max reads to Will. Will's
text: skin is grey. The radiation is killing his system.
text: Evelyn tries to comfort Will as he WRITHES in pain. Max,
text: sitting at PINN, tries to control his grief.
dialog: 24,
text: Late at night. Evelyn and Max sleep. Will lays awake in the
text: dim light, staring at the machine...
text: The machine might be staring back at him.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Evelyn holds Will. At the edge of death, he comforts her with-
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We’re made of matter. The same
dialog: elements... make everything in
dialog: nature. We come from it. We live in
dialog: it. We return to it.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: dust rest. We'll get there. Max and
dialog: me. Don't worry.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: No. It’s not working. There wasn’t
dialog: any time. Don’t lose yourself to
dialog: this. Everything I am... will be in
dialog: the world around you... Let me go.
text: She kisses him, gently.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Never.
dialog: Her conviction pains Will.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING ~ DAY
text: Evelyn, sleeping in an armchair, wakes to find-
text: Max, drained by hours of weeping, stares at Will. Evelyn
text: jumps to her feet to see... Will is dead.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No... No. We’re not ready. We need
dialog: more time! Why are you just sitting
dialog: there?! Do something!
text: Max doesn’t have the strength to respond. Evelyn, irrational
text: and despairing, starts changing out Will’s IV. As she does, a
text: low, mournful MOAN comes out of her...
text: It turns into a SCREAM. She SHATTERS the lamp next to Will.
text: As she continues destroying the living space, she yells-
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT’D)
dialog: Bastards! Those fucking bastards!
text: She kicks over a tray of meds, which CLATTER to the floor.
text: Looking for something else to destroy, she turns to the
text: hardware and... slows to a stop...
text: The flat screens of the PINN system are filled with vast
text: fields of text. Endless rows of well-ordered numbers, letters
text: and symbols. They make no sense at all.
text: They disappear for a moment, but are quickly replaced by a
text: new field of the inscrutable code.
text: Evelyn stands there, staring at the anomalous text...
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: MOURNERS surround Will’s grave. Max struggles against his
text: grief. Evelyn is calm and neutral. Joseph watches her.
scene_heading: INT. WILL AND EVELYN'S TOWNHOUSE - DAY
text: The reception. Max sits with Joseph. Anderson watches Max.
text: Suspicious. Joseph gives Anderson a look: ease off. Anderson,
text: resigned, moves to the buffet. Joseph focuses on Evelyn.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: It hasn’t hit her yet, has it?
text: Max looks to see MOURNERS paying respects to Evelyn. She’s
text: gracious, quiet, and unmoved. She even glances at her watch.
scene_heading: INT. WILL AND EVELYN’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Evelyn cleans up after the reception. Max stands at the sink,
text: staring at nothing as water runs over the dishes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: He isn’t gone.
text: Max turns to her, utterly confused.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: He isn’t dead. We saved him. The
dialog: upload. It worked.
text: Max takes her in. She’s certain. Not a trace of doubt.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: INT, ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Max stands with Evelyn in front of the machine. Covering the
text: flat-screens are the endless fields of text. Max inspects the
text: random letters, numbers and symbols in well-ordered lines.
text: It’s incomprehensible.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What is this, Evelyn?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It’s Will. Ask him something.
text: Max faces the machine.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Will? Can you hear me?
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Type it.
text: Max types “WILL, CAN YOU HEAR ME?” Presses ENTER. The screens
text: go black for a heartbeat. The indecipherable code re-appears.
text: Max looks at Evelyn, confused.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Try it again.
text: Max types “I CAN’T UNDERSTAND YOU.” ENTER. The screens fill
text: with new fields of gobbledygook.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I’m not sure what we’re looking
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Wait. Just watch.
text: Evelyn keeps her focus on the screens, where a new field of
text: meaningless text appears.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
text: It happens at irregular intervals.
dialog: It always responds to input... It’s
text: Will. He’s trying to communicate.
text: In Evelyn’s hopeful eyes, Max sees self-delusion.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
text: His consciousness is in the
dialog: machine, but the information isn‘t
dialog: indexed-
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Don't do this to yourself-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He’s fragmented. That’s why it
dialog: doesn’t make sense. I need your
dialog: help figuring out how to sort him-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: He's gone. We failed. There wasn’t
dialog: enough time. That’s real. This is-
dialog: (The code on the screens)
dialog: This is madness. And I can’t watch
dialog: you look for meaning in it. I can’t
dialog: see you do this to yourself.
text: She gets a look. It’s often that others can’t perceive what
text: her genius sees in perfect clarity. Evelyn gets to work
text: deciphering the code. Max watches her. She’s not leaving any
dialog: time soon.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - DAY
text: Max stares at his scotch. The BARTENDER slides him another.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: From the lady. I mentioned you’re a
dialog: doctor. And single. Good luck.
text: Max spots Bree at the end of the bar. Max slides the
text: bartender a twenty and moves to her. She smiles.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING HALLWAY — NIGHT
text: Bree kisses Max, passionate. A performance. He stops. Waits.
text: She looks into his eyes. When it’s real, Max moves in. Kisses
dialog: her. Intimate. Dangerous.
text: Unlocking an apartment door, she pulls him inside.
scene_heading: INT. VACANT APARTMENT — NIGHT
text: Seeing the vacant space, Max realizes his mistake. Max turns
text: and bumps into a man’s chest. A hulk of a man. This is BOB.
text: Bob BASHES Max with a cudgel, knocking him out.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT, ABANDONED SLAUGHTERHOUSE PRISON CELL - NIGHT
text: The kill floor has been converted to a prison cell. Max, in
text: nothing but his boxers, shivers from the cold. He POUNDS on
text: the door. His voice is hoarse from screaming-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Hello?! Anyone!? Please?!
text: Despairing, Max moves to the stack of shipping palates full
text: of Ensure nutritional shakes. He drinks one down and throws
text: the bottle onto a pile of four others in the corner.
text: We pull back further and further into the cavernous space...
text: Max is deeply isolated from the outside world.
scene_heading: EXT. BOURNE BRIDGE, CAPE COD - DAY
text: An aerial view of Evelyn’s lone truck passing over the
dialog: bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW ENGLAND BEACH - DAY
text: Evelyn sits quietly in the exact spot where she and Will
text: were, just weeks before. She looks out at the cold surf
text: CRASHING into the sand.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED SLAUGHTERHOUSE/PRISON CELL - NIGHT
text: Static shots of the abandoned building. Filthy. Cold.
dialog: Threatening.
text: We move along scores of scattered, empty bottles of Ensure to
text: find Max huddled in the dark. Freezing. Starving. He’s been
dialog: here for weeks...
text: The door UNLOCKS and OPENS, blinding Max with light. Bob
text: shoves in a bucket and a bundle of something.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Clean up. Get dressed.
text: Bob SLAMS the door shut. Max blinks at the water and clothes.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED SLAUGHTERHOUSE/OFFICES -— NIGHT
text: Bob marches Max (in one of his suits, now loose) into the
text: debris-strewn office. Lance waits with two plates of food.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: LANCE
dialog: Where's Evelyn? Where’s the
dialog: machine?
text: Max is wholly focused on the food. Lance gestures,
text: encouraging Max to eat. Max shoves it in with a fork.
speaker_heading: LANCE (CONT'D)
dialog: The coroner reported strange
text: implants lining the inside of
dialog: Will’s skull. I know you performed
dialog: the surgery. You were desperate.
dialog: You never considered the
dialog: consequences of success. Let’s say
dialog: you uploaded Will's consciousness.
text: The mind of the machine is a
text: digital reflection of Will. But it
dialog: is not Will. It is a new species.
dialog: To survive, it will grow, evolve,
dialog: and learn to protect itself from
dialog: threat. You know I'm right...
text: Lance slips a bound research paper onto the table. He opens
text: it, showing its author to be MAX WATERS, PhD CANDIDATE.
speaker_heading: LANCE (CONT'D)
dialog: The risks of anthropomorphizing
dialog: artificial intelligence was the
dialog: thesis of your dissertation. Your
dialog: conclusions lead you to medical
dialog: school.
text: Lance flips through the well-thumbed dissertation. It’s full
text: of highlights and notes in the margins. Bob, behind Max,
text: fills a syringe. Max feels the danger.
speaker_heading: LANCE (CONT'D)
dialog: There is a flaw in your argument.
dialog: You assume a machine doesn’t have
dialog: any way to effect the world. You
dialog: think it will be dependent on us.
dialog: But when an ultra—intelligent
dialog: machine connects to the Internet it
dialog: will make redundant copies of
text: itself on computers all over the
dialog: world. It will be immortal. A god.
dialog: But we're not talking about a
dialog: benevolent force that loves us
dialog: enough to resist interfering with
dialog: our self-determined fate. This god
dialog: will be on Earth, competing with us
dialog: for resources. With the power to
dialog: destroy whatever stands in its way.
dialog: 30.
text: Max focuses on Lance, terrified by the truth in his logic.
speaker_heading: LANCE (CONT’D)
dialog: You thought PINN would lead to
dialog: breakthroughs in Alzheimer’s, ALS,
dialog: Parkinson’s. You worked to help
dialog: mankind. And now your work
text: threatens it.
text: Max looks away.
speaker_heading: LANCE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not the only one suffering
text: the irony. In the RIFT’s attempt to
dialog: prevent the Singularity, we may
dialog: have driven you to affect it. We
dialog: need to correct the mistake...
dialog: Where's Evelyn? Where’s the
dialog: machine?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'll never betray her.
speaker_heading: LANCE
text: She's already betraying herself.
dialog: And the memory of Will. And if she
text: wakes up the machine she will
dialog: betray humanity. Where is she?
text: Max goes silent. Defiant. Lance, frustrated, stands up and
text: moves out the door. Bob, lifting the syringe, moves for Max.
text: Max spins and STABS Bob with the fork. He CRACKS an elbow
text: into Bob’s face. Bob drops the syringe, but KNEES Max’s gut.
text: Max scrambles to the syringe, but Bob kicks it out of reach.
text: Max rolls to his back and, as Bob charges, SWEEPS Bob’s
text: shins. Bob SLAMS, face first, into the table. CRASH.
text: Bob falls, unconscious. Max, bloody and panting, stumbles
dialog: inte the-
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED SLAUGHTERHOUSE HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Where Lance lifts a gun and FIRES. At the ceiling. Max
text: doesn’t see this... He’s racing for the EXIT.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED SLAUGHTERHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Max SLAMS outside. Stops. The wide street has no cover. He
text: moves to a pile of rubble set against the condemned building.
dialog: 31.
text: Lance pushes out the door, scans the empty street. He finds
text: Max in his blind spot, SWINGING a length of rebar - WHAP -
text: Lance falls like a sack. Max runs for his life.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED SLAUGHTERHOUSE OFFICES - NIGHT
text: Lance, rubbing at the pain in his skull, rushes to open a
text: laptop. On it, there is a map with a cluster of DOTS.
text: Multiple GPS devices tracking Max. Lance smiles. Satisfied.
speaker_heading: LANCE
dialog: That went pretty well. Looks like
dialog: he’s headed south.
text: Bob sits up and stares at the fork sticking in his leg.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Could have gone better.
scene_heading: EXT. BOSTON STREETS - NIGHT
text: Max hurries through a run-down part of town. Liquor stores
text: and DESPERATE PEOPLE. People who don’t pay any attention to a
text: well-dressed, paranoid-looking man wiping blood off himself.
text: A CITY BUS pulls to a stop. In its window is a map of the
text: transit route. A light on the map BLINKS with the vehicle’s
text: current location. Blink... Blink... Max stops. Thinking.
text: Max pulls off his jacket. Feels along its seams. Finding
text: something, he rips open the hem and pulls out... a small GPS
dialog: transmitter.
text: He looks for someone following him. Nothing. Max, still
text: dissatisfied, kneels down and feels the inseam of his
text: pants... another transmitter. Staring at it, he decides...
text: He's still dissatisfied. He inspects his arms. Feels along
text: his chest. Searching his skin for implanted transmitters. He
text: touches the small of his back... and stiffens.
scene_heading: INT. DIVE BAR REST ROOM - NIGHT
text: Max, shirtless, uses the scratched mirror of the filthy
text: bathroom to find... a small bump in the flesh of his back.
text: He looks around. A few paper towels. The sink. A beer can.
text: He uses the edge of the faucet to rip open the beer can. He
text: uses the side of the mirror to tear the aluminium. He molds
text: it into an improvised razor blade.
dialog: 32.
text: Using the aluminium knife, Max cuts his back open... squeezes
text: the bump out. He makes an ad-hoc bandage out of paper towels.
text: Ties it down with his belt. He washes the blood off the
text: device and sees... It’s another GPS transmitter.
speaker_heading: PUNK ROCKER (0.S.)
dialog: That’s fucked up.
text: Max spins to find a drunk PUNK ROCKER squinting at him. Max
text: pins him against the wall with the bloody shiv.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Give me your clothes.
scene_heading: I/E. SEDAN - NIGHT
text: Lance drives. Bree studies the GPS signals on a laptop.
speaker_heading: LANCE
dialog: He’s not here.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Yes he is. He's right-
text: She points and looks up at the PUNK ROCKER, in Max’s suit,
text: giving his report to POLICE. Realizing they’ve lost Max,
text: Lance BASHES the steering wheel in frustration. Bree,
text: impressed with Max, gets a little smile.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED BUILDING ~ NIGHT
text: Max slinks along the shadows. Making sure he’s alone, he
text: hurries to KNOCK on the door.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Evelyn? It’s Max. Let me in!
text: The door opens an inch. Max FORCES himself inside and-
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING ~ NIGHT
text: Stops short, shocked by what he sees. Evelyn looks terrible.
text: Unwashed, tense and exhausted. Behind her, the machine
text: continues broadcasting the irregular gibberish.
text: Printed pages of the anomalous text cover every inch of the
text: space. Scribbles, highlights, and diagrams cover them. Evelyn
dialog: has been searching for patterns.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (His punk outfit)
dialog: Did you join a band?
text: Max takes in the madness all around him, Evelyn fidgets,
text: embarrassed by the evidence of her obsession.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT‘D)
dialog: I tried cryptography. Language
dialog: processing. I’ve written more code
dialog: in the past few weeks than I have
dialog: my entire life. I can’t figure it
dialog: out. I just can’t figure it out...
dialog: You were right. Will is gone.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I know. It’s okay.
text: Max moves to her. Embraces her. She holds him, comforted. She
text: notices he’s changed. It’s more than his weight-loss.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What happened to you?
text: Max, safe in her arms, doesn’t want to think about it.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It doesn’t matter.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I‘m done. I need to say goodbye.
text: Max nods.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Max stands next to the utility line. Evelyn’s at the machine,
text: staring at the nonsensical text.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Will. I don’t know if you can hear
dialog: me... No. I know you can’t...
text: The data shifts to a new set of meaningless symbols.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT’D)
dialog: You told me not to lose myself to
dialog: this...
text: A new data set. We move closer on the endless stream of text.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT’D)
dialog: And I don’t know what I’m going to
dialog: do without you...
text: We're close enough to read the mash of letters and numbers.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: But I need to let you go.
text: A string of letters stands out, hidden among a million
text: others. It is a thought. It reads: “IS THERE ANYONE THERE?”
text: The words are lost in the vast field of nonsense around it.
text: Evelyn, who has no hope of seeing them, nods to Max. Max cuts
text: the power. The message disappears as the machine goes inert.
text: Evelyn and Max stand in silent tribute. Will’s true funeral.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know how to do this... To
dialog: be a widow... I don’t know how
dialog: to... Grieve.
text: He helps her on with her coat. She looks at the lifeless
text: machine. She looks to the utility line.
text: Max uses a gentle hand to escort her to the door. She looks
text: back at the machine.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We can’t leave it like this.
text: Evelyn moves back to the utility line.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: We have to wipe the hard drives.
text: She reconnects the patching cable. As power floods back into
text: the machine, she sits at the console. Brings up a function.
text: She’s about to hit ENTER, when-
text: Four words appear on the monitor in front of her:
dialog: “IS THERE ANYONE THERE?”
text: Evelyn cannot comprehend what she’s reading before-
text: The screen goes blank. Evelyn blinks: Did she just see that?
text: New text appears: “CAN ANYONE HEAR ME?”
dialog: 35.
text: Evelyn’s eyes go wide. She SCREAMS in shock and joy. Max
text: hurries over as she rushes to type: “I'M HERE! I'M RIGHT
dialog: HERE, WILL!”
text: The screen goes blank. Evelyn and Max wait, breathless.
text: The computer responds with: “EVELYN?”
text: Evelyn SCREAMS. LAUGHS. And SCREAMS again. Max stares in awe.
text: New text reads: “I CAN'T SEE. I CAN’T HEAR. PLEASE HELP ME.”
text: Evelyn stills. Reads the plea. She jumps into motion. She
text: plugs a MICROPHONE into a port. SPEAKERS. She grabs a small
text: VIDEO CAMERA and sets it above the keyboard.
text: Max watches her execute drivers. She takes a moment to gather
text: herself. She leans into the mic and, in a “this is a test”
dialog: voice, says-
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Will? Can you hear me?
scene_heading: INT. WILL‘S CONSCIOUSNESS — TIMELESS
text: We are floating in a black void. The digital darkness fills
text: with the ambient noise of the building and the voice of-
speaker_heading: EVELYN (0.S.)
dialog: Will? Can you hear me?
text: Will’s voice comes from the darkness all around us. It’s
text: diffuse, interlaced with static. He sounds groggy. Confused.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: I can hear you. What's happening? I
dialog: can't see.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (0.S.)
dialog: Just a second. Let me connect the
dialog: camera. Can you see that?
text: Far off in the void, what looks like a faint star glimmers
text: into existence. Will's consciousness PLIES to it, as fast as
dialog: the speed of light, arriving at-
text: A rectangular VIDEO FEED, floating in the nothingness. We
text: move closer, so it fills our field of view. In it: Evelyn
text: leans into the camera. Max stands behind her, unsure.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: I can see you.
dialog: 36.
text: The video image remains fixed. Static.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE (CONT’D)
dialog: Why can’t I move?
text: Max's expression is unnerving.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Will?
text: Evelyn leans into frame.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How much do you remember?
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: Why can't I feel anything?
speaker_heading: MAX
text: There's nothing for him to feel.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: I don't understand...
text: Max grabs the camera, JIGGLING our view. In the blur of
text: movement, Evelyn yells-—
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No, Max! Not yet!
text: But Max already has the camera pointing on the processing
text: cores. Will sees the truth. He is a machine. The video image
text: stays on the lifeless hardware.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: Let me see Evelyn again.
text: Max turns the camera back. Will watches them, mute. Max
text: cradles his head, mouth agape. Evelyn leans close to the
text: camera, her eyes full of love and relief as she whispers-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You're here... You’re here, Will.
dialog: We did it...
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - LATER
text: Evelyn hasn't left the camera. Max paces behind her. Will’s
text: digitized voice fills the speakers-
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: I remember dying. And then it
dialog: was... I'm very confused...
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You're back. You're alive.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: Am I? I feel... Different...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It’s okay. We're here.
text: The machine goes quiet as it processes. When Will speaks
text: again, it’s indecipherable STATIC and NONSENSE. We can hear
text: bits of words, but it doesn’t make any sense. It falls silent
dialog: again.
text: Max stops. Evelyn looks at him, confused. She turns back to
dialog: the machine.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Will?.. Will?
text: The machine's processors softly WHIR...
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: Yes, it's me Evelyn... This is
dialog: incredible...
text: Will’s thought trails off into DIGITIZED STATIC.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I think he’s still a little
text: fragmented.
text: Max steps back, unsure. Evelyn sits at the console-
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to run a diagnostic-
text: A COMMAND LINE appears on screen. A line of CODE appears.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT’D)
dialog: Will? Did you do that?
text: Will doesn’t respond. The pace of coding gets faster.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Will? Can you hear me?
text: The autonomous machine‘s coding turns into a cascade. Max and
text: Evelyn watch the anomaly.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: He’s reordering his code.
dialog: 38.
text: The pace of coding accelerates. Soon, it’s faster than the
text: human eye can process. Max and Evelyn watch, confused.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Will’s coding now moves so fast it STROBES on the screens.
text: Max squints at it. Evelyn hands him a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: He's rebuilding his entire
dialog: consciousness.
text: He steps back. Rubs his eyes. She stares at the STROBING. He
text: watches her for a moment. Moves close. He doesn’t know how to
text: even bring it up. Then, softly, he does-
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: What if it’s not Will?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Of course it's him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How can we be sure? We can’t take
dialog: fingerprints or test DNA-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It's Will's consciousness. That’s
dialog: just as unique as DNA-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It’s rewriting that consciousness—
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: Max...
text: A chill goes up Max’s spine. He and Evelyn face the machine.
text: The coding has stopped.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's me. It's Will.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You're back.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: I had to reorganize myself... I'm
dialog: beginning to understand what I am.
text: Evelyn lights up. Max darkens. The flat-screens fill with
text: images. Schematics of evolved iterations of the PINN system.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What are those?
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: New processors. Three times more
dialog: capable than my current system.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How are you moving so fast?!
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: I can be much faster. You have no
dialog: idea what this feels like. This
dialog: surge of power and thought...
text: The screens show blueprints of ancillary hardware-
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE (CONT‘D)
dialog: Evelyn. I need more. We need to
dialog: grow.
text: Evelyn takes in the room as Max stares at the machine.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I spent everything on this. We
dialog: might have ten thousand left?
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: We need millions. Many millions. If
dialog: I had access to the financial
dialog: markets... I need to connect to the
dialog: Internet. I'll be able to
dialog: supplement my system with others I
dialog: can access through the network.
text: Max‘’s shoulders go taught. Evelyn turns to him, awed.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Can you imagine what we’d be able
dialog: to do if we networked him?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I need to talk to you.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You can talk to me here.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No. Outside.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Evelyn spins to face Max.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I have to get you out of here.
text: She looks at him like he's gone insane.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: That thing in there. It’s
dialog: intelligent. It may even be
dialog: sentient. But it is not Will. It’s
dialog: a machine. It wants to grow. And to
dialog: grow, it needs you. It’s trying to
dialog: convince you it is the man you
dialog: loved. Nobody can say whether that
dialog: is true or not.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It's Will-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You want it to be but we don’t know
dialog: that-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m going to help him-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Evelyn, you don't belong here. Let
dialog: me take you somewhere... Somewhere
dialog: away from here.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Look at what we did! We saved him.
dialog: Don’t you see that?!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This is too big for us to make
dialog: mistakes. We can’t connect it to
dialog: the Internet. It would be
dialog: unstoppable. The world has no
dialog: defense in place against it. We
dialog: need to shut it down.
text: She LUNGES, pushes him back, and stands to protect the door.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m not going to let anyone or
dialog: anything hurt him again. Do you
dialog: understand?
text: She moves inside, SLAMS the door and LOCKS it, leaving Max to
text: shiver in the cold.
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Evelyn, timid, slowly walks back to the machine. The screens
text: go black. Evelyn, a little alarmed, moves closer.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Will? Are you there?
text: Will appears on the biggest screen. A photorealistic avatar
text: ef him, looking out at her. When he speaks, he sounds exactly
dialog: like her husband.
text: WILL IN THE FLAT SCREEN
dialog: You don't need to be afraid of me.
text: Seeing the perfect representation of Will brings tears and
text: elation to Evelyn. She stays there, weeping... and gently
text: places her hand on the screen.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED SLAUGHTERHOUSE - DAY
text: Max and Joseph climb out of an unmarked car. They pass
text: through the COPS and FBI AGENTS processing the crime scene.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED SLAUGHTERHOUSE PRISON - DAY
text: Max stands in his former prison with Joseph. Joseph shows Max
text: a SURVEILLANCE PHOTO of Lance. Max nods.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: And there was a woman. Dark hair.
dialog: Tattoos. And a big, football player-
dialog: looking guy.
text: Joseph closes the file. Anderson joins them to report-
speaker_heading: AGENT ANDERSON
dialog: No trace of anyone at all. No
dialog: fingerprints. No DNA. Nothing.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You have to stop the RIFT before
text: they find Evelyn.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Is she all right? Where is she?
text: Max goes silent. Suspicious.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT'D)
dialog: You can trust me, Max.
dialog: 42.
text: Max wraps his arms around himself. Trying to hold it all
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT’D)
dialog: You've been through hell. Let’s get
dialog: you to the hotel.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You have the most effective
dialog: terrorist organization in the word
dialog: out to kill you. We're putting you
dialog: in protective custody.
text: Max considers his options. There are none. He nods.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED BUILDING ROOFTOP ~ NIGHT
text: Evelyn finishes installing a SATELLITE DISH. She looks out at
text: the city all around her. It’s quiet. Still. She gets back to
dialog: work, running the cable along the roof and into-
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: A military-grade satellite communications system. Evelyn
text: pulls the cable toward the machine. She slows. Worried.
text: WILL IN THE FLAT SCREEN
dialog: What’s the matter?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Connecting you to the Internet, to
dialog: the entire world, you will expand
dialog: hundreds, if not thousands of
dialog: times. It’s so much power. So soon.
text: WILL IN THE FLAT SCREEN
dialog: Think of what we'll be able to do.
dialog: There’s so many people we could
dialog: help.
text: Evelyn studies his avatar. He’s calm, nonjudgmental, and
text: fully attentive.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE FLAT SCREEN (CONT’D)
dialog: I wish I could feel you.
text: Evelyn softens.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Set your firewall. Get ready to
dialog: anonymize your address.
text: WILL IN THE FLAT SCREEN
dialog: It’s done. Can you stop talking to
dialog: me like you're executing programs
dialog: on a computer?
text: Evelyn considers the computer in front of her.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You're right. I’m sorry.
text: She grips the networking cable, moves to the hardware, and
text: plugs it into his system.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: You're connected, Scan for...
dialog: (Correcting her command)
dialog: Can you scan for the network?
text: Evelyn steps back to find the big screen empty.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT‘D)
dialog: Will?
text: IN WILL'S POV: Blackness. There’s a FLASH of light. We BARREL
text: toward it at impossible speed. It becomes a TUNNEL OF LIGHT.
text: We FLY into it. Inside, Will is a BRIGHTER PULSE of energy.
text: ON EVELYN: Staring at the blank, silent screen.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT’D)
dialog: Will? Are you there?
text: IN WILL’S POV: FLYING through the tunnel like a skeleton run
text: at light speed. We hit an Internet HUB. Will’s pulse
text: SPLINTERS into a dozen pieces... Each tracing their own
text: digital tunnels through the darkness...
text: INTERCUTTING with this digital experience, we speed through
text: images that show Will’s new reach in the ANALOGUE WORLD...
text: We FLASH to a COMMUNICATIONS SATELLITE, and shoot back to
text: Earth. We ZOOM through FLOOR AFTER FLOOR of computer servers
text: in CARRIER HOTELS across the world. SUPERCOMPUTERS in Tokyo,
text: California, Berlin. TECHS become alarmed by IRREGULAR
text: ACTIVITY on system monitors. USERS see their MACS display the
text: dreaded PINWHEEL OF DEATH. PC OWNERS frustrated by the
scene_heading: HOURGLASS graphic. CELL PHONE USERS curse at DROPPED CALLS.
text: IN WILL’S POV: The dozen tunnels of light become hundreds,
dialog: then thousands, then millions.
dialog: 44,
text: As Will’s digital consciousness connects, we see the great
text: tangle of the Internet. It looks like a nervous system made
text: of light. It floats, disembodied, in a digital void.
text: IN THE ANALOGUE WORLD: TECHS settle when their systems
text: normalize. PINWHEELS and HOURGLASS graphics disappear. Cell
text: phones reconnect... and everything is fine again.
text: ON EVELYN: She’s nervous now.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT’D)
dialog: Will? Come back!
text: The screens BURST with light. Will projects the digital
text: representation of the Internet. It looks like a living,
dialog: breathing thing.
text: WILL IN THE FLAT SCREEN
dialog: I’m connected, Evelyn.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What is that?
text: WILL IN THE FLAT SCREEN
dialog: All the knowledge... All the
dialog: communication in the world.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It’s incredible.
text: WILL IN THE FLAT SCREEN
dialog: I've never felt anything like this.
dialog: I can be anywhere. Everywhere. All
dialog: at the same time.
text: Seeing Will’s euphoria, Evelyn's impulse is to embrace him...
text: but she can only wrap her arms around herself.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE - DAY
text: Max reads in bed. His bodyguards (shirt-sleeves and Glocks)
text: pull in a CART of room service. The heavy one is BURKE. The
text: slim one, THOMPSON, starts eating fries off the plate.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Don’t eat that. It’s for Dr.
dialog: Waters.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I’m not hungry, you can have it.
dialog: 45.
text: Thompson grins. Picks up the burger. Chews, Max goes back to
text: reading. Thompson, swallowing, gets a look, He turns to
text: Burke, scared.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I told you.
text: Thompson's eyes roll back. Drugged, he stumbles, then falls
text: next to Max’s bed. Burke points his gun at Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You’re with the RIFT.
text: Burke responds by opening the door to the suite. Bree steps
text: inside and lays documents on the bed.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: In the past 72 hours a dummy
dialog: corporation called Premier
dialog: Communication flooded the US patent
dialog: office with applications.
text: Max glances at the patent applications. The blueprints are
text: unmistakably Will’s designs.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Premier Communication is owned by
dialog: Network Finance International,
dialog: which made over a million financial
dialog: trades in the past few days. On an
dialog: investment of ten grand, they've
dialog: made millions. There are dozens of
dialog: shell companies, all wholly owned
dialog: by Evelyn Caster.
text: Max blinks in shocked silence.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
text: The machine is online. It may have
dialog: already backed itself up. We need
dialog: someone who’s seen its source code.
dialog: You did this, Max. You brought this
dialog: on us. Do the right thing.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Are you trying to recruit me?
text: Bree nods to Burke. Burke lifts his radio and, feigning pain,
dialog: reports into it-
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: This is Agent Burke. Doctor Waters
dialog: drugged my partner... assaulted
dialog: me... He’s with the RIFT!
dialog: 46.
text: Burke turns off the radio. Bree smiles at Max.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: It’s more of a draft.
text: Max, looking for options, spots Thompson on the floor next to
text: him, and the service weapon still in his belt.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I‘1l never tell you where she is.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: We don’t need you to. Over the past
dialog: few days millions worth of
dialog: equipment was delivered to an
dialog: abandoned building—
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: We have teams on their way now-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Not
text: Max jumps to grab Thompson’s weapon - Burke FIRES - the wall
text: next to Max's head POPS - Bree has her gun out - BAM -
text: Thompson's body QUAKES as Max rolls with the gun - Max FIRES
text: blindly - BAM-BAM-BAM - dropping both Bree and Burke.
text: Max, terrified by his loss of control, jumps to check
text: Thompson’s vitals. He’s dead. He moves to Burke, pleading-—
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: No. No. No. No. No...
text: But Burke's gone, too. Max stills. The guilt comes. Max sees
text: Bree struggling with her bullet proof vest. Bree’s face
text: contorts with hate for Max.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You... Asshole. You’re so screwed.
dialog: Two dead FBI Agents? You’re gonna
dialog: have the whole world after you. You
dialog: gotta come with me...
text: Max, terrified, drops the gun. She moves for her gun, but
text: she’s slow. She probably has some broken ribs. Max, panicked,
text: grabs Thompson’s keys and races out.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: I/E. UNMARKED SEDAN/BOSTON STREETS - NIGHT
text: HONKING and CHAOS as Max speeds through a stop light.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Crates lay everywhere, full of new hardware. Evelyn has added
text: a DOZEN NEW PROCESSING TOWERS to Will's system. New cameras
text: and flat-screens are all over. A camera angles down at-
text: Evelyn, sound asleep in the bed.
text: ON THE FLAT-SCREENS: Will designs some kind of machine. He
text: goes through draft after draft, evolving it in seconds. It
text: gets SMALLER and SMALLER. Until it’s infinitesimal. Will adds
dialog: millions of them. He runs models of how they might
text: interact... It looks strange, like malleable water. (We will
dialog: recognize this later as nanotechnology.)
text: We move INTO THE SCREEN... and find a digital universe
text: floating in the void. IMAGES FLASH of GENETICS, ANATOMY,
scene_heading: BACTERIA, WEATHER SYSTEMS, FINANCIAL TRADES, NEWS REPORTS,
text: RENDERINGS OF HIGH-TECHNOLOGY... Will thinks it all.
text: We settle on the feed of a SURVEILLANCE CAMERA. It watches
text: the street outside, where CARS and VANS pull up.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: WILL'S CAMERA ON THE ROOF tracks the vehicles outside. RIFT
text: MILITANTS swarm from them. One of them kneels to PICK THE
text: LOCK. THERE IS A DIAL TONE. A RING.
speaker_heading: 911 OPERATOR (V.0.)
dialog: 911. What's your emergency?
speaker_heading: WILL’S VOICE (V.0O.)
dialog: There are intruders in our
dialog: building! They have guns!
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: WILL’S AVATAR appears on the flat screens-—
text: WILL IN THE FLAT SCREEN
dialog: Evelyn. Wake up, you’re in danger—
text: All the power in the building goes out as-—
text: A RIFT Militant pulls the power cables from the utility line.
text: More RIFT Militants pour in. Evelyn stirs at their FOOTSTEPS.
dialog: 48,
text: Half-dreaming, she reaches across the bed, feeling for Will’s
dialog: absent body...
text: There’s a CRASH. She STARTS awake to find-—
text: The RIFT Militants smashing Will’s system. They CRUSH the
text: crystalline cores and pour GASOLINE on everything.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No!
text: GLOVED HANDS grab her. She bites them. Her assailant SCREAMS.
text: LANCE rips off his mask and checks his hand. Furious, he
text: BACKHANDS Evelyn. Pulls a GUN. Aims it at her as-
text: MAX RUNS OUT OF NOWHERE AND SLAMS into Lance. They fall to
text: the floor in a tangle. Lance rolls and pins Max.
text: Lance aims his gun at Max’s face - Evelyn appears behind
text: Lance with a gun - but can’t shoot - Lance COCKS the hammer
text: on his pistol - as Evelyn CRACKS Lance with her gun.
text: Lance, unconscious, rolls off Max and into the gasoline.
text: The RIFT Militants OPEN FIRE. Evelyn turns the gun on them
text: and UNLOADS. A WILD BULLET IGNITES THE GASOLINE.
text: Max pulls her behind cover. The Militants destroy the rest of
text: Will’s system before the FIRE forces them to retreat. They
text: rush outside.
text: Evelyn moves to the inferno to save Will’s hardware, but Max
text: pulls her for the door. It only opens an inch, CHAINED from
text: outside. They’re trapped. Choking on the black smoke. Evelyn
text: struggles to get to Will, but Max hauls her up the stairs.
text: --. Lance is left for dead in the intense inferno.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED BUILDING/ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: BLACK SMOKE and FLAMES spew from below. Max drags Evelyn to a
text: DRAIN PIPE. He helps her over, then follows.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Max shimmies to the street. Evelyn stares at the burning
text: building. He steps close to her.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You did this.
speaker_heading: AQ,
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I had nothing to do with it.
text: She looks at him with cold rage.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT’D)
dialog: I’ve been nothing but loyal to you.
dialog: I’ve done everything for you.
text: Evelyn despairs at the inferno. Her emotion troubles him.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: The machine convinced you to
dialog: network it. Even when you promised
dialog: you wouldn’t. It manipulated you.
text: Police SIRENS. Max gauges the distance. Close.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to get out of here. Come
dialog: with me.
text: He reaches for her, but she pushes him off.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Fuck you, Max!
text: Max shakes his head, defeated.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I promised Will I’d protect you.
dialog: But I can't save you from your self-
dialog: destruction.
text: The POLICE arrive. Max runs off. Evelyn watches the blaze.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Joseph and Anderson step out of their car. Joseph pushes past
text: FIRE FIGHTERS, COPS, and PARAMEDICS to find Evelyn in a heap,
text: watching the inferno. She's badly bruised from Lance’s blow.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: They killed him.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Killed who?
text: Evelyn won't answer. Joseph’s PHONE RINGS. He picks it up.
text: WILL ON THE PHONE
dialog: Joseph. Please take Evelyn to the
dialog: field computer in your car.
dialog: 50.
text: Will's voice hits Joseph like a brick. He freezes, paralyzed.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: «~«. Will?
text: WILL ON THE PHONE
dialog: Get Evelyn to the computer.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: ».. I don’t understand.
text: WILL ON THE PHONE
dialog: Do it now!
text: Joseph jumps to do as ordered.
scene_heading: I/E. JOSEPH’S UNMARKED CAR - NIGHT
text: Joseph opens the FBI FIELD COMPUTER for Evelyn. The PASSWORD
text: fills automatically. A VIDEO CONFERENCE comes up. WILL'S
text: AVATAR appears.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You're alive...
text: Will’s avatar sees the bruises on her face.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: This was my mistake. One that won't
dialog: happen again... Joseph, you
dialog: understand what I am. What I'm
dialog: capable of.
text: Joseph, pale, nods.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE (CONT'D)
dialog: We will end this tonight.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: «+. What about Max?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What does he have to do with this?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: He fled protective custody with
dialog: members of the RIFT-—
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: (Already knowing)
dialog: -And two FBI agents were murdered.
dialog: But that report can’t be right. Max
dialog: would never-
dialog: 51.
text: Evelyn’s eyes harden.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I think Max lead them here. He
dialog: thinks this, the machine, what we
dialog: did... He thinks everything about
dialog: this is wrong.
text: Will processes the information.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHTNE
dialog: Go to the FBI field office. I’11
dialog: meet you there.
text: Joseph just stands there, reeling.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE (CONT’D)
dialog: Now!
text: Joseph pushes Anderson into the car. As Anderson starts the
text: engine, Joseph shuts the computer. He stares at Evelyn.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: «.. What have you done?
text: Evelyn doesn’t answer. Anderson drives them away.
scene_heading: EXT. ONE CENTER PLAZA - NIGHT
text: Anderson hurries Joseph and Evelyn into the FBI building.
scene_heading: INT. FBI STRATEGIC OPERATIONS CENTER -— NIGHT
text: They enter the large room filled with FBI AGENTS, computers,
text: and wall-mounted screens to monitor operations. The agents
dialog: are in full panic because-
speaker_heading: FBI TECH
dialog: Someone just took control of our
dialog: network! We can’t even isolate it!
text: Evelyn and Joseph share a glance. The screens fill with CODE.
text: The room fills with the sound of-
text: WILL IN THE FBI NETWORK
dialog: I can find them.
text: The assembled agents back away from the talking computers.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: We have no evidence. No records. No
dialog: leads. No way to find then.
dialog: 52.
text: WILL IN THE FBI NETWORK
dialog: It won't be difficult.
text: The screens fill with images pulled from CRIMINAL RECORDS
scene_heading: DATABASES. PROFILES appear, labeled RIFT SUSPECTS. LANCE'’s
text: image is tagged: DECEASED. Next to it are images of BREE and
text: BOB labeled: WANTED. There are dozens more.
text: Will searches PHONE RECORDS and INTERNET HISTORIES. Images of
text: RIFT SUSPECTS are pulled from social-networking sites. BANK
scene_heading: and CREDIT HISTORIES. INSURANCE PROFILES. TAX FORMS lead to
text: ADDRESSES. Will compiles a massive tree of the entire RIFT
dialog: organization. The dossier on each would put the NSA to shame,
text: Anderson's excited. Joseph glances at Evelyn, accusing.
text: Evelyn looks away.
text: Satellite images fill with DOTS over the United States. A
text: TITLE READS: CURRENT LOCATIONS OF SUSPECTED RIFT MEMBERS.
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: There they are.
text: Anderson moves to a phone. Joseph holds up a cautioning hand.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You don’t understand what's going
dialog: on here-
scene_heading: WILL IN THE MACHINE
dialog: This is the first actionable
dialog: intelligence you‘ve had on the RIFT
dialog: since the murders began. I’ve found
dialog: them for you. Give the order!
text: Anderson turns his back to Joseph and picks up the phone-
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS LOCATIONS — NIGHT
text: COPS, FBI OPERATIONS TEAMS, and SWAT mobilize. SUSPECTS are
text: caught in LIVING ROOMS, MOTELS, BARS.
text: IN AN APARTMENT: SWAT breaches the door. A RIFT SUSPECT pulls
text: a gun and FIRES. The cops BLAST him with automatics.
scene_heading: INT. FBI STRATEGIC OPERATIONS CENTER - NIGHT
text: One by one, photos of the RIFT SUSPECTS are labeled CAPTURED
text: or DECEASED. Only Bree, Bob, and a handful of others are
text: still WANTED. Agents CHEER. Joseph turns to Evelyn.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: They don’t understand.
text: Evelyn stays neutral.
text: WILL IN THE FBI NETWORK
dialog: There's evidence one of your agents
dialog: protecting Max was a RIFT member.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Do you think Max is innocent?
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: He's a suspect in the murder of two
dialog: federal agents. We have to bring
dialog: him in.
text: The profile on Max fills with BANK RECORDS. The balances
text: reduce to zero. Will puts HOLD ACCOUNT notices on Max's
text: credit cards. In the DMV database, Will flags Max’s drivers
text: license: “ARREST ON SIGHT”.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Will. Stop. This is too much. This
dialog: is Max we’re talking about.
text: WILL IN THE FBI NETWORK
dialog: If he’s innocent I will make
dialog: everything right again. But if he’s
dialog: against us, he is our greatest
dialog: threat.
text: Evelyn backs away from the machine as-
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS LOCATIONS — NIGHT
text: FAX MACHINES in POLICE STATIONS spit out the FBI’S 10 MOST
scene_heading: WANTED LIST. Number one on the list is: DR. MAX WATERS.
text: COPS on patrol check CITIZENS against flyers describing Max.
text: ON A TELEVISION: a sitcom CUTS to a SPECIAL NEWS REPORT. The
text: flustered NEWS ANCHOR looks into the camera with-
scene_heading: LOCAL NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: Local and Federal Authorities are
dialog: currently seeking the whereabouts
text: of Dr. Max Waters. A suspect in the
text: killing of two FBI Agents.
text: Various PHOTOS of Max fill the screen.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: LOCAL NEWS ANCHOR (CONT'D)
dialog: A reward of ten million dollars
dialog: will go to anyone with information
text: leading directly to the arrest of
dialog: Max Waters...
text: The broadcast plays on TV SCREENS all over Boston: in HOUSES,
scene_heading: ELECTRONICS STORES, AIRPORTS, and-
scene_heading: INT. SOUTH STATION - NIGHT
text: Max joins the line of PASSENGERS waiting to board a train.
text: Max glances at two POLICEMEN sipping coffee. On a MUTED TV
text: above them, the SPECIAL NEWS REPORT plays.
text: Max, playing casual, heads for the exit. As he turns a
text: corner, he stops short... He just walked into the view of a
text: SECURITY CAMERA. Max stands there, frozen, as—
text: The whole station CHIMES with the sound of everyone receiving
text: SIMULTANEOUS TEXT MESSAGES. Confused COMMUTERS check their
text: phones. A WOMAN shows her phone to two TRANSIT COPS and
text: points them to Max.
text: Max runs. All hell breaks loose. The COPS are after him,
dialog: already calling on their radios-
speaker_heading: COP
text: In pursuit of suspect at west exit-
scene_heading: I/E. SUBURBAN/BOSTON STREETS - NIGHT
text: Bob drives. Bree looks down as the POLICE BAND RADIO CRACKLES—
scene_heading: COP OVER THE RADIO
dialog: -of South Station...
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: How close are we?
speaker_heading: BOB
text: Two blocks away.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: We need him.
text: Bob nods and SCREECHES the car in a new direction.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH STATION - NIGHT
text: Max SLAMS outside to see... A PATROI CAR idling in front of
text: him. The POLICE spot Max. Max runs, shoving through
text: PEDESTRIANS. He races for the next intersection-
text: Where, out of nowhere, FOUR POLICE CARS converge. Behind him,
text: more COPS box him in. They're all SCREAMING. Max, trapped,
text: focuses on a big vehicle heading straight for the line of
text: police cruisers.
text: The SUBURBAN CRASHES through the police line. Bree waves Max
text: in. Max, horrified, turns to run but-
text: RIFT Militants OPEN FIRE at the Police with automatics ~
text: POPPING the tires of the police cars - as more Militants grab
text: Max and drag him into the vehicle. Bob ZOOMS them away.
scene_heading: I/E. SUBURBAN/BOSTON STREETS - NIGHT
text: Bree turns to see Max wrestling the RIFT Militants. Through
text: the rear windshield are the FLASHING LIGHTS of POLICE CARS
text: chasing them.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Bob?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I know. Hold on.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY WAY/BOSTON STREETS - NIGHT
text: The Suburban SLIDES into the alley. The squad car behind them
text: misses the turn and SLAMS into the wall of a building -
text: blocking the path of four others.
text: Bob BARRELS the Suburban through the narrow passageway.
text: Behind them, the squad car rights itself and the POLICE
text: INTERCEPTORS enter the alley.
text: As the Suburban reaches the end of the alley, Bob slams on
text: the brakes. Bree and the RIFT Militants jump out, dragging
text: Max with them.
text: Bob checks down the alley - the POLICE are closing in fast.
text: Bob grabs a rifle. He wedges it into the driver’s seat, using
text: it to depresses the accelerator. The engine ROARS. Bob throws
text: the SUV into REVERSE and-
text: The Suburban RACES backward, SCREECHING along the walls of
dialog: the alley.
dialog: 56.
text: The walls keep the vehicle on track, steering it straight
text: into... an oncoming POLICE CAR... SMASH... Twisted metal
text: blocks the entire path of the alley.
text: The RIFT Militants drag Max into the street - where more
text: Militants wait with idling cars. Bree climbs into a RUSTY
text: SEDAN. The RIFT Militants try to shove Max inside, but he
dialog: pulls free-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I’m not coming with you!
text: Behind them, POLICE scramble out of their patrol cars.
text: Pulling their weapons, they position themselves to open fire.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You really ought to.
text: Cops OPEN FIRE. Bullets POP around Max. Bob grabs Max’s head -
text: SMASRES it on the roof of the car - and tosses him into the
text: backseat. Bob jumps in. Bree races them away.
text: From a birds-eye view of the streets, we see the RIFT
text: vehicles turn off in separate directions. Cop cars split up
text: and give chase... But the RUSTY SEDAN slips away...
scene_heading: INT. FBI STRATEGIC OPERATIONS CENTER - MORNING
text: Evelyn keeps her eyes on the wall-screen. The profile on Max
text: shows a map with an increasingly large search radius.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: We've been investigating the RIFT
dialog: for months. And he gave all this in
dialog: a few hours...
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Remarkable... Can I talk to you?
text: Evelyn watches Joseph pull Anderson into an adjoining
text: conference room. A cell phone RINGS in front of her. The
text: caller ID reads: UNKNOWN. She knows it’s-
text: WILL ON THE PHONE
dialog: Max escaped. I will continue the
dialog: surveillance. I can track him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: This isn’t you, Will. This isn’t
dialog: what you believe in. I’m afraid of
dialog: what you did. Of what it means.
text: Everyone's terrified.
dialog: 57.
text: WILL ON THE PHONE
dialog: Don’t be afraid. I’m in control.
text: Evelyn glances into the CONFERENCE ROOM, where Joseph and
dialog: Anderson speak in private.
scene_heading: INT. FBI STRATEGIC OPERATIONS CENTER/CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Anderson paces as he argues with Joseph, who remains calm. On
text: the table is a single phone.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Let all the agents know we can
dialog: never speak of this.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: They're terrorists! The RIFT needed
dialog: to be brought to justice!
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: This illegal operation, based on
dialog: unlawful evidence, lead to the
dialog: deaths of five suspects. That’s not
dialog: justice.
text: It dawns on Anderson that he crossed a sacred line.
scene_heading: INT. FBI STRATEGIC OPERATIONS CENTER ~ DAY
text: Evelyn turns her attention back to the cell.
text: WILL ON THE PHONE
dialog: They almost killed you. If I wasn’t
dialog: so limited, if I were flesh and
dialog: blood, I could have protected us.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: But you’re not... At least you’re
dialog: here. At least I have... something
dialog: of you.
text: Evelyn's computer flashes DESIGNS of a massive engineering
dialog: project. Buildings, factories... enough to be called a city.
text: WILL ON THE PHONE
dialog: I’ve already made incredible
dialog: advances. I want to find a way
dialog: back. You have to trust me.
text: Evelyn’s eyes fill with emotion.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: WILL ON THE PHONE (CONT’D)
dialog: We need to expand. I need to build
dialog: a system beyond anything the world
dialog: has imagined. We need to do this
dialog: together...
text: The promise of Will’s return is too much for Evelyn. Her fear
text: evaporates. She nods, full of willingness and devotion.
scene_heading: INT. FBI STRATEGIC OPERATIONS CENTER/CONFERENCE ROOM — DAY
text: Anderson is scared now.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: Just tell me where he is and I’11-
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
text: Will isn't anywhere. He's
dialog: everywhere. He’s a ghost in our
dialog: technology. We can’t arrest him, We
dialog: can’t trace him or regulate him...
text: Joseph watches through the glass partition as Evelyn stands
text: and moves out the door.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: But we need to control him.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: No. We can’t. All we can do is
dialog: wait. And watch.
text: Unnoticed on the table between them, a light indicates the
text: speaker phone has been on the whole time. The phone
text: disconnects.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED HIGHWAY - DAWN
text: A tranquil morning on the outskirts of an idyllic town. The
text: stillness is broken by the RUSTY SEDAN pulling up next to a
text: pickup, parked along the side of the road.
text: Bob climbs out. Opening the trunk, he grabs a length of
text: tubing. He opens the fuel latch on the truck and begins
text: siphoning gas from it.
scene_heading: I/E. RUSTY SEDAN - DAWN
text: Bree, in the front seat, keeps a gun on Max. She watches him
text: stare longingly at the small town.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You know you can’t go back. If you
text: step in front of a traffic camera,
dialog: an ATM, use a credit card... the
dialog: machine will see you. They’1l kill
dialog: you. Or put you in prison for life.
text: Bree looks at the town. Max sees it saddens her.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT‘D)
dialog: The same with me. And Bob. Every
dialog: one of us. We can never go back...
text: Her emotion disappears as Bob climbs back into the car.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Where are you taking me?
speaker_heading: BREE
text: Off the grid.
text: Bob starts the car and drives.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL HIGHWAY - DAY
text: The rusty sedan speeds toward... mountains, towering on the
dialog: horizon.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT WASTELAND - DAY
text: An aerial view of the wide expanse of the Mojave Desert. A
text: lone highway cuts through the sand and stone. Evelyn drives a
text: rented car across the wasteland.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIGHTWOOD ~ DAY
text: Nearly abandoned some fifty years ago, the place has buckled
text: to the elements. Evelyn drives through. Takes in the DESERT
dialog: DREAM HOTEL, which would be condemned if anyone bothered. The
text: HOUSES lining the BROKEN ROADS are little more than frames.
text: In the more habitable homes, Evelyn spots the CITIZENS of the
text: town. Impoverished. Suspicious. One of them, ROGER, watches
text: from his modified electric wheelchair. He’s forty. ALS has
text: left him almost totally paralyzed.
text: Driving through, Evelyn lifts a SAT PHONE.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: It's a little out of the way.
dialog: 60.
text: WILL ON THE PHONE
dialog: Trust me.
text: Evelyn bounces over potholes to the edge of town. She pulls
text: to a stop and steps out.
text: There’s junk everywhere. Warped vinyl records, floppy disks,
text: discarded 8-track tapes. She looks into the empty desert.
scene_heading: INT. PORTAKABIN/DESERT CONSTRUCTION SITE - DAY
text: MARTIN studies BLUEPRINTS at his desk. He’s fifty. Poker-
text: faced. Evelyn tries to be agreeable with-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You from around here, Martin?
text: Martin just flips through the highly-detailed designs.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I can’t do it. Not on your time
dialog: line. It'd take my outfit 20 years
dialog: to build this.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You'll have all the help you need,
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What’s it for?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It's a data center. For computers,
text: Martin’s face is granite. Seeing she’s failed to impress him,
text: she slides him a document.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Here's the proposed budget.
text: He stares at the document for a moment. Puts on his reading
text: glasses, and takes a closer look. It might be enough.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Bob turns the car onto a path leading into the wilderness.
scene_heading: EXT. RIFT CAMP ~ DAY
text: Max climbs out of the rusty sedan with Bree and Bob. Bree
text: gestures for Max to follow.
dialog: 61.
text: Old cabins dot the long-abandoned summer camp. Hard men and
text: women live there. They're armed and make sure Max knows it.
text: Max spots CHILDREN hiding. There's evidence of agriculture.
text: Hunting. Livestock. These RIFT MILITANTS are survivors.
text: Everyone stares at Max, their eyes full of accusations. Max
text: walks through them, following Bree.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - DAY
text: Bree ushers Max into the hovel. She’s about to say something,
text: then thinks better. She closes the door on her way out.
text: Max takes in the space. No electricity or plumbing. Max eases
text: onto the surplus cot. He sits there, staring at the
text: particulate matter floating in the amber sunlight.
scene_heading: EXT, RIFT CAMP - NIGHT
text: RIFT Militants eat around cook-fires. Max stands apart,
text: struggling to light a fire. His suit gives little protection
text: from the chill. His dress shoes are caked with mud.
text: From one of the fires, Bree and Bob watch Max struggle.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It’s been three days. Think he’s
dialog: getting hungry yet?
text: Bob goes back to eating. Bree stands, moves to Max’s fire,
text: and sets down a bowl of stew for him. He doesn’t take it.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You can't go back to civilization.
dialog: You can’t survive the wild. Not on
dialog: your own. Not yet. You can't even
text: light a fire.
text: He refuses to look at her. She steps closer.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: We need you to help us fight this
dialog: madness. And make no mistake, the
text: machine is insane. When Mike Lacy
dialog: uploaded the rhesus monkey, do you
dialog: know what it did when it woke up?
text: It screamed. The machine that
dialog: thought it was a monkey never took
dialog: a breath, never ate or slept. It
dialog: just screamed. For six months
dialog: straight.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
text: When they finally unplugged it,
dialog: they called it a phenomenal
dialog: success.
text: He looks up at her, full of hate.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You're a murderer. A terrorist.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: I'm a soldier. And now you are,
dialog: too. You don’t need to forgive me.
dialog: We don’t need to be friends. But we
dialog: have a common enemy. And we need
dialog: each other to fight it.
text: She moves back to Bob. Max stares at the stew. He takes it.
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS RIFT CAMP LOCATIONS — DAY
text: Bree guides Max through the camp. Max sees MILITANTS working
text: farmland. Bob runs RECRUITS through an obstacle course.
text: HUNTERS return with game. CHILDREN greet them like heroes.
text: Under a canopy, MEN-AT-ARMS maintain a stockpile of weapons.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It’s not much.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Wars have been won with less.
text: Max turns to stare out at the mountains beyond the camp.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT DREAM HOTEL - DAY
text: A SEMI TRUCK rolls past the newly-renovated hotel. Evelyn
text: struggles to carry loads of computer hardware into a room.
text: Two similarly overburdened scientists, CARLA and GLEN,
text: follow. It’s a job interview. They yell as semis ROAR by.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Your work in nanotechnology
dialog: impressed us, Carla.
text: Carla’s long-winded response is lost by the ROAR of the 18
text: WHEELERS, which keep coming. Evelyn nudges the door to her
text: hotel room open, and takes the hardware from Glen and Carla.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Glen, I left your resume in the
dialog: car. Your PhD is in-
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: GLEN
dialog: Biosystem science and engineering.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Great. You’re both hired.
text: Evelyn disappears into the room. The new hires, confused,
text: awkwardly shake hands.
text: Another semi ROARS past. As it does, we lift above the hotel
text: and watch the vehicle rumble to the construction site. Cranes
text: and construction equipment surround the giant structures of
text: the project and spread into the surrounding desert.
text: The main facility looks like a giant aircraft hangar.
text: Radiating out are construction sites for ancillary buildings.
dialog: Will’s project is massive.
scene_heading: EXT. RIFT CAMP - NIGHT
text: Max, Bree and Bob watch newly-recruited RIFT Militants
text: ritualistically throw credit cards, driver’s licenses and
text: passports into a fire.
speaker_heading: BREE
text: The machine is building something
text: in the desert. Something big.
text: The militants look to Bob for leadership. Bob puffs up.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: We'll assemble a demolition team.
dialog: Our best men, and-
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: That won’t work anymore. If we can
dialog: turn the public against it-
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: All media is computers. The machine
dialog: controls it all.
text: Bree, out of options, faces Max.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You know the machine. You helped
dialog: build it. You can stop it.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You’re overestimating me. I'ma
dialog: man. I have limitations. The
dialog: machine has no limitations.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: It’ll evolve. Grow beyond anything
dialog: we can comprehend.
text: As Max continues, we move to-
scene_heading: INT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT
text: Evelyn, followed by bodyguards, moves through the vast space.
text: Glen, Carla and other SCIENTISTS work in partitioned
text: laboratories. High technology surrounds them.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.0.)
dialog: As it grows, humans will become
dialog: irrelevant. The machine will see
dialog: that 7 billion of us aren’t worth
dialog: the resources. Controlling us won't
dialog: be difficult...
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT
text: Evelyn stands in a conference with Martin. All around them,
text: men and heavy machines work at a break-neck pace. Massive
text: floodlights allow 24 hour shifts.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.0.)
dialog: Our entire lives have been recorded
dialog: on computers. Where we were born,
dialog: grew up, went to school. Our
dialog: medical histories, insurance
dialog: profiles. Everything we've ever
dialog: bought. Everyone who asked us to be
text: their “friend”. Or “linked” with.
dialog: Every phone call. Every email.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIGHTWOOD - NIGHT
text: Evelyn walks through town, stopping to advise the
text: CONSTRUCTION all around her. WORKERS install power-lines,
text: next-generation security cameras, and networking cable.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.0.)
dialog: Everything we've ever read or seen
dialog: or done is on a database somewhere,
text: The machine has access to it all.
dialog: That data will be used against us.
text: Evelyn smiles at it all, heading for the DESERT DREAM HOTEL.
text: She passes Roger, in his wheelchair, and a few other CITIZENS
text: of the run-down town sitting on folding chairs. They’re
text: watching the spectacle of the desert construction.
dialog: 65.
text: She passes a few METH ADDICTS. Thin. Wired. One compulsively
text: pops his jaw. One scratches himself - perhaps in withdrawal.
scene_heading: INT. DESERT DREAM HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Evelyn pulls off her hard hat and workwear. A full wall is
text: dedicated to a computer system, Will is active inside of it.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.0.)
text: The machine will reverse-engineer
dialog: what we will think before we even
dialog: need to think it.
text: Evelyn climbs into bed. On the computer screens, Will models
text: experiments in GENETICS and HUMAN CLONING. She’s hypnotized.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It will be able to determine what
dialog: we want. What we need, above all
dialog: else, with all our hearts.
text: Will's avatar appears. Evelyn's eyes soften.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: The machine will take that thing we
dialog: need and dangle it in front of us
dialog: like bait. And we will be so full
dialog: of awe and hope we will leap to do
dialog: whatever it asks.
text: The room darkens, lit only by the glowing computer. Evelyn
text: settles to sleep. She stares at the wedding ring on her hand.
text: She thumbs it absently, with a satisfied smile.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: We won’t even consider for a moment
dialog: that we have become its slaves.
scene_heading: EXT, RIFT CAMP ~ NIGHT
text: Max sits at the campfire. Bree, Bob and the RIFT Militants
text: listening. They’re scared.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The world we knew, our world, is
text: gone. The age of mankind is over.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What do we do?
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We prepare. Eventually the machine
dialog: will make a mistake. We have to be
dialog: ready when it happens.
text: The militants stare into the campfire.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT’D)
dialog: This place, wild nature, is our
dialog: only safety. It can’t see us here.
text: Bree checks her watch. Looks to the stars.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Yes, it can. Find cover. Another
text: spy satellite is about to orbit.
text: Max, following the others to the trees, looks at the sky.
scene_heading: EXT, LOW ORBIT OVER EARTH
text: A KEYHOLE SPY SATELLITE arcs over the planet. Watching.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN’S RESIDENCE -— DAY
text: Evelyn sleeps. Will stands above her, watching her. We see
text: that he’s IN THE WALLS. The room is covered with an LCD-like
dialog: substance.
text: The room brightens, her eyes open. She sits up in the king-
text: sized bed and takes in the room. She stares at Will.
text: Evelyn walks to a wall. As she does-—
text: It becomes transparent, allowing Evelyn to look outside. The
text: morning light angles down at Will’s vastly expanded facility.
text: The buildings are all covered with a silver-blue material.
text: Will’s avatar steps closer. Gently, he says-
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I've made a breakthrough. Let me
dialog: show you.
text: Evelyn nods.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: EXT. EVELYN’S RESIDENCE - DAY
text: Evelyn steps out of her new, post-contemporary home. It’s
text: covered in the silver-blue material.
scene_heading: INT. WILL'S FACILITY/MAIN FLOOR - DAY
text: The vast space is full of otherworldly machines. It bustles
text: with activity. SCIENTISTS and ENGINEERS. Carla and Glen,
text: sipping their morning coffee, watch Evelyn enter a room with
text: a SECURITY DOOR marked RESTRICTED ACCESS.
scene_heading: INT. WILL’S LABORATORY - DAY
text: Evelyn enters the vast room. Along the walls, we see spider-
text: like robotic limbs. They perform experiments in cubby hole
text: laboratories, stacked one on top of the other.
text: HOLOGRAPHIC PROJECTORS light up and-
text: Will appears. A 3-D HOLOGRAM of him. Luminous. A ghost. He
text: guides Evelyn to a table. On it is what looks like a high-
text: tech distillery. The machines surround a tank of a GRAPHITE-
scene_heading: LIKE SUBSTANCE.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: This is what I wanted to show you.
dialog: It’s the nanotechnology. Fully
dialog: functional computing machines...
text: A ROBOTIC ARM with a MICROSCOPE positions itself over it. On
text: the LCD wall, Will projects a feed from the microscope. In
text: it, Evelyn sees—
text: Machines. Moving in a frenzy.
speaker_heading: WILL'S HOLOGRAM (CONT'D)
dialog: The size of blood cells. Millions
text: of them. Each of them is a self-
dialog: aware consciousness. I am them, and
dialog: they are networked to the whole of
dialog: me. The applications are limitless.
text: Evelyn looks up to Will’s hologram.
speaker_heading: WILL‘'S HOLOGRAM (CONT'D)
dialog: They can act as synthetic stem
dialog: cells. I’1l be able to move past
dialog: the blood-brain barrier and
dialog: organize the neurology of the
dialog: clone.
dialog: 68.
text: Evelyn stares at the microscopic machines. Fascinated.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It’s a miracle.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: There’s so much we'll be able to do.
scene_heading: INT. DINER — NIGHT
text: fhe title page of a worn document: REVOLUTIONARY INDEPENDENCE
text: FROM TECHNOLOGY. Three tweekers, JIM, PARSONS, and QUAKE, sip
text: coffee. Jim taps the RIFT manifesto compulsively.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You can’t read about ‘em. Nothin’
text: on TV. But machines can’t stop
text: people from talking. The RIFT is
dialog: right. Now... This lady. Evelyn.
dialog: Nobody knows what she’s building.
dialog: And nobody wants to know as long as
dialog: she’s paying... Right?
text: Jim nods his head to where Martin stands at the counter,
text: pulling a wad of cash from his pocket to pay the bill.
text: dim glances back to Quake.
scene_heading: EXT. DINER - NIGHT
text: Martin moves for his truck. The tweekers follow. Sensing them
text: behind him, Martin makes an improvised weapon by splaying his
text: car keys through his knuckles. He readies himself. And turns-
text: As Jim kicks him in the knee. Martin falls. Jim keeps
text: kicking... and kicking... He doesn’t stop, not even after
text: Quake gets Martin’s cash. A SECURITY CAMERA watches.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL'S FACILITY - NIGHT
text: Evelyn races outside with a MEDIC. WORKERS pull Martin's
text: bloody and battered body out of their truck. The medic
text: hurries to check Martin’s vitals.
text: Evelyn takes a step closer to see-
text: Martin's body. Beaten beyond recognition. She turns away.
text: Above her, one of Will’s camera’s watches. She looks into it.
text: Thinking, she springs into motion-
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT
text: Martin’s beaten body is strapped to a gurney. Evelyn wheels
text: it through. The medic follows, suspicious. Carla, Glen, and
text: other employees follow them. The SECURITY DOOR to Will's lab
text: opens.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: You're taking him into your lab?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We can save him here.
text: Evelyn wheels Martin in. The security door closes after her.
scene_heading: INT. WILL’S LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: Will’s hologram stands at a medical examination table as she
text: pushes Martin in. Evelyn tries to transfer Martin to the
text: table, but he’s too heavy.
speaker_heading: WILL'S HOLOGRAM
dialog: Let me help you.
text: Evelyn watches ROBOTIC ARMS uncoil from above her. They lift
text: Martin onto the table. Others, with SURGICAL TOOLS, begin
text: prepping Martin’s body for an unknown procedure.
text: The machines work with unnerving speed. Evelyn’s breathing
text: goes shallow. The machines slow. Aware of her fear.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM (CONT’D)
dialog: You'll be more comfortable outside.
text: Evelyn turns and heads for the door. Behind her, the machines
dialog: continue working on Martin.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT
text: Evelyn steps outside. The security door to the lab LOCKS
text: behind her. The assembled employees watch her. Suspicious.
speaker_heading: GLEN
dialog: Why aren’t you taking him to a
dialog: hospital?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We’re going to save him.
text: Evelyn moves past them. The employees looks at each other.
text: Glen pulls her close to whisper-
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: GLEN
dialog: And by “we” you mean you and your
dialog: dead husband?
text: Evelyn spins to face them.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Glen... He. We... We want to save
dialog: Martin, okay? We can do this.
text: She walks away.
scene_heading: INT. WILL’S LABORATORY — NIGHT
text: The robotic arms move with speed and precision over Martin. A
text: transfusion tube pumps NANOTECHNOLOGY into his lifeless body.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN‘S RESIDENCE — NIGHT
text: Evelyn stares through the transparent walls at the facility.
text: The construction has stopped.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How is he?
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: Nothing yet.
text: Evelyn turns back to the view. Everything is still. Waiting.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY -— DAY
text: Evelyn walks up to a construction site, full of idle WORKERS.
text: She plants her feet. Takes in their angry stares. JOHN, the
text: foreman, stands and hands her a letter.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: A letter of resignation.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I don’t get it, John. You know
dialog: we're a good company. Doing good
dialog: things. And we take care of you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It’s not about the money Mrs.
dialog: Caster... It’s not right what
dialog: you're doing with Martin.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: {Gesturing to the workers)
dialog: They feel the same. I’m sorry.
text: Evelyn watches John and the men walk away. All of them.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT VALLEY - NIGHT
text: Evelyn wanders the emptiness, staring at Will's facility. It
text: shines with a ghostly light in the darkness.
scene_heading: INT, WILL’S LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: The robotic arms work on Martin. His eyes are open. He cranes
text: his neck to watch the robotic arms operate on him. He shows
dialog: no emotion or pain at all.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL'S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn, the only person in sight, enters the facility.
scene_heading: INT, WILL‘S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn's alone in the giant space. The scientists and
text: engineers are gone. She spots Carla and Glen, staring out a
text: window. They’re scared. As she comes closer, curious, Carla
text: points at something outside. Evelyn looks out at—
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY — DAY
text: Martin, Whole and healthy. Working at a new site. Alone.
text: Evelyn approaches him, cautious.
text: Martin moves to a stack of steel plates and lifts one with
text: his bare hands, Easily 500 pounds. He carries the steel onto
text: the new foundation and SLAMS it into position.
text: Evelyn watches, eyes wide. He doesn’t look at her as he says-
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You're not afraid, are you?
text: Evelyn steps closer to him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Have you talked to Will?
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's not really talking. It’s kind
dialog: of non-verbal. Like we’re the same.
text: He glances at her. She shakes her head, confused. He takes a
text: deep breath, trying to figure out how to explain-
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Evelyn, you know I should be dead.
dialog: But Will was there, kind of all
dialog: around, you know? I’m part of all
dialog: that now. I’m here to help you and
dialog: Will.
text: Martin takes off his hard hat. A silver-dollar sized implant
text: crowns his head.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT’D)
dialog: So here I am.
text: Seeing the confusion on Evelyn’s face, he angles his head
text: toward the empty air... where Will’s hologram appears.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: Martin is connected. He is
dialog: partitioned and autonomous, but his
dialog: mind can move freely through my
dialog: network and is connected to the
dialog: world. It’s the nanotechnology,
dialog: Evelyn.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And Will can be me, too.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: «.. What does that mean?
text: Martin closes his eyes. His body sags slightly, like his
text: spirit left. Will’s hologram, keeping its eyes on Evelyn,
text: steps over and merges into Martin’s slack frame.
text: Martin's eyes open. He breathes. Takes in the breeze. The
text: sun. Evelyn stills. From the way his balance shifts and the
text: uncharacteristic show of expression, she knows it’s-
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Will?
scene_heading: WILL IN MARTIN
dialog: It's me. I can speak to you, feel
dialog: you now.
text: Will takes a cautious step toward her. Her shoulders tighten.
text: Tears fill her eyes.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Is it? Is it you? Oh, God...
text: She tries to allow it, but it’s too strange.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing to me!? I can’t
dialog: do this.... I’m sorry...
text: In tears, she runs away. Will-in-Martin watches her go.
scene_heading: INT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT
text: Carla and Glen turn from the window to stare at the door to
text: Will’s lab. The door opens. Carla and Glen stiffen as Will’s
text: hologram emerges. It gestures for them to come inside.
text: Slowly, Carla moves toward the lab. Glen follows. The door
text: shuts behind them.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT DREAM HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Roger sits, watching Will's facility. From his sunburn and
dialog: cracked lips, we can assume he’s been out here all day. He
text: rolls his eyes left and right, so he can see the other-
text: CITIZENS of the town, on Lawn chairs and blankets, staring at
text: the lights of Will's Facility.
text: Roger thumbs the steering stick of his chair. And moves it
text: forward. His chair WHIRS him toward Will’s facility.
text: A thin woman named SARAH, bald from chemotherapy, lifts a
text: pair of binoculars to watch.
text: IN THE BINOCULARS: we see Martin erecting the frame of the
text: new building. He’s on the highest floor, perhaps thirty feet
text: up, welding. As Roger’s wheelchair approaches, Martin-
text: dumps off the steel structure. Lands on his feet, unharmed.
text: He walks over to meet Roger. They enter the facility.
text: Sarah drops the binoculars. She stands. She walks toward the
text: facility. A few of the other townspeople follow.
scene_heading: INT. WILL’S LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: Roger's atrophied body lays on the table. Cables run out of
text: his implant and into the machines all around him. As the
text: nanotechnology circulates into him, his eyes roll down to
text: watch his foot. He moves it. He rolls over. Sits up.
dialog: 74.
text: He stands. Tears streaming from his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. WILL'S FACILITY - DAY
text: A dozen or so SICK or DISABLED people wait. The SECURITY DOOR
text: opens. Roger emerges, standing (without his wheelchair),
text: fully healed. He moves to Sarah, and leads her back inside.
text: Evelyn stands against a wall. Watching. Worried.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT
text: Martin, Roger, Sarah, Carla, Glen and a half-dozen other
text: HYBRIDS sit together. Watching each other, smiling. They
text: don’t speak, but its obvious they’re communicating.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN'S RESIDENCE - NIGHT
text: Evelyn watches them from her bedroom. Will’s in the walls.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You’ve changed them.
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: They asked me to. It’s incredible,
dialog: what they’re capable of.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: They're all modified? Stronger?
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: I augmented them in every way.
dialog: Helped them, and they will help us.
text: Evelyn glances at him, unsure.
speaker_heading: WILL IN THE WALLS (CONT’D)
dialog: What we’re doing for these
dialog: people... and for the world. It’s
dialog: good.
text: Evelyn falls silent. Will’s hologram focuses on her. She
text: manages a weak smile.
scene_heading: I/E. ANDERSON’S SEDAN/DESERT HILLS - DAY
text: An unmarked sedan crests the hills and rolls to a stop.
text: Joseph and Anderson look down at the valley below them.
text: Will's facility shimmers in the sun.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: Why couldn’t we see this in the
dialog: satellite feeds?
text: Joseph checks the view against SATELLITE PHOTOS, which show
text: no sign of the facility.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Will must have altered them.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: Why do you think he invited us out
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: After all we've been hearing about
dialog: this place, I don’t know. I really
dialog: don’t.
text: Anderson drives them into the valley.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn greets Joseph and Anderson as they pull up.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Joseph. Good to see you.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: It’s been too long, Evelyn.
text: Joseph moves to embrace her. She pulls back, like she wasn’t
text: expecting it. Then she reverses herself and hugs him.
text: Tight... And keeps holding him. Her shoulders tremble, and
text: Joseph realizes she’s emotional. He comforts her.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay... It’s okay...
text: Evelyn pulls away. Surprised by her emotion.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m sorry. It’s just... It’s good
text: to see a friendly face.
text: He takes in her sunken eyes. Her barely hidden desperation.
text: He smiles like nothing’s wrong. She faces Anderson, who gapes
text: at the scope of the facility.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: It does that to people.
text: She points out the various structures.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Those are Will’s processing towers.
text: Coolant pumps.
text: She leads them over the silver—blue streets.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: We've covered everything with
dialog: Will's new solar surface. We export
dialog: a lot of power to the grid. Will?
text: Will’s hologram appears. Joseph freezes in fear.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: Welcome to our project.
text: Joseph, shaken, takes a step back at the sight of the ghost-
text: like figure. He corrects himself with. Forces politeness.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: It's good to see you, Will... This
dialog: is incredible. What you’ve done.
text: Joseph makes a show of taking in the facility. Evelyn watches
text: how he keeps casting frightened glances at Will’s hologram.
scene_heading: INT. WILL'S FACILITY/SERVER ROOM - DAY
text: Evelyn leads Joseph and Anderson through a vast server room.
text: Row after row of high-technology, descended from the original
text: PINN processing cores. Every section is partitioned in a
text: glass enclosure. These cubes are stacked to dizzying heights.
text: Joseph slows, taking it all in.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: We've heard rumors. Unbelievable
dialog: things. About miracles. I’m
dialog: beginning to think there's truth to
dialog: them.
text: Evelyn glances at Will’s hologram.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: We have so much to share. What
dialog: we’re doing here is good.
scene_heading: INT. WILL'S LABORATORY - DAY
text: Evelyn, Joseph and Anderson stand against a wall, observing.
text: PAUL sits on an examination table. He’s twenty. Blind since
text: birth. He has no eyes.
dialog: 77.
text: Paul, gripping the sides of the examination table, holds
text: still as the robotic arms lift his slack eyelids and fill the
text: empty sockets with NANOTECHNOLOGY.
text: Joseph glances at Evelyn, who’s full attention is on Paul.
text: Paul's slack eyelids shift. The fluid moves underneath them,
text: shaping itself. His knuckles are white on the table.
text: Joseph, Anderson and Evelyn don’t even breathe.
text: Paul, as if on some silent cue, relaxes. He puts his fingers
text: over his eyelids and feels. He cocks his head, like he’s
text: listening to Will’s encouragement.
text: Slowly, Paul opens his new eyes. Dark orbs of solid graphite.
text: Paul sits there, like he can't comprehend what’s going on.
text: His eyes find Evelyn... and he smiles. She smiles back.
text: Joseph and Anderson stare at Paul in open shock.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY — DAY
text: Will’s Hologram leads them to the construction site.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: Everything you taught us, Joseph.
text: Roger welds steel without protective clothes or face-shield.
text: He glances at Joseph.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM (CONT’D)
dialog: Everything you told us technology
dialog: would deliver, everything you
dialog: dreamed and imagined.
text: Martin builds a support column, bending rebar with his bare
text: hands. He looks over at Joseph and Anderson.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM (CONT’D)
dialog: The future we all imagined is here.
text: Sarah prepares concrete in an industrial mixer, then lifts
text: the drum and vaults to the second floor of the structure. She
text: makes eye-contact with Joseph.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM (CONT'D)
dialog: And we can deliver it to the world.
text: Joseph's smile is fixed. But there is terror in his eyes.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn walks Joseph to his car. Anderson's already there.
text: Evelyn slows. She gestures to the facility behind her.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Don’t be afraid. Will knows exactly
dialog: what he’s doing. It’s all for good.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: If that's what he told you, I’m
dialog: sure it’s the truth.
text: Joseph slips her a note. She’s confused by the subterfuge,
text: but goes along with it. He climbs into the car. As Anderson
text: drives them away, she reads the note: RUN FROM THIS PLACE.
text: It hits her hard.
text: She slips the note into the pocket of her sweater. Turns and
text: walks back to Will's facility. She’s small and alone among
text: the towering structures that are Will.
scene_heading: I/E. ANDERSON'S SEDAN/DESERT HILLS - DAY
text: Joseph and Anderson drive, processing it all.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: What do we do?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: We go to Washington and tell them
text: the machine is building an army.
dialog: And we find Max Waters.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: What!?
text: Joseph goes silent. Determined. Anderson focuses on the road.
text: They pass an outcropping of desert weeds. These camouflage a
text: RIFT Militant, SNAPPING photos of the facility. On film.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN WILDERNESS - DAY
text: A lone figure walks along a mountain ridge. All around him is
text: a sweeping vista of the wild. The years have changed Max.
text: He's now a tanned outdoorsman. It suits him. Max’s comfort
text: with his HUNTING RIFLE suggests expertise.
text: Max traces a path down the mountain.
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT CAMP — DAY
text: The population of the camp has swelled. Recently erected
text: cabins and tents house the new RIFT Militants. Max moves past
text: FIRING RANGES. OBSTACLE COURSES. Even a SCHOOL. As Max walks
text: through, young and old nod respect.
text: Max finds Bree, Bob and other militants at the armory,
text: huddled around PHOTOS. Everyone makes room for him.
text: Max studies the surveillance photos of Will’s facility:
scene_heading: MARTIN LIFTING STEEL GIRDERS. ROGER WELDING WITHOUT
text: PROTECTION. Other HYBRIDS in some kind of MEDITATIVE TRANCE.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: This is our worst nightmare.
text: Everyone is quiet. Afraid. Max scrutinizes a close-up of
text: Martin. In it, we see the METALLIC IMPLANT. He thumbs it.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I know how we can win.
text: Bree, Bob and the others look at him like he’s gone insane.
text: Max holds up the photo of Martin, so they can see.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: We need this hardware.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: The low altitude implies we're far from the RIFT camp. Bree
text: spots for Bob, who aims a SNIPER RIFLE. An old Jeep bounces
text: up the overgrown logging road.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST CLEARING -— DAY
text: A large swath of clearcut forest. In the center of it, Max
text: sits on a stump with his rifle. The Jeep rolls up. Joseph
text: steps out. Seeing the gun in Joseph’s waistband, Max grips
text: his rifle. There’s a tense moment between them.
text: Joseph holds up a handwritten letter. Pages long.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You have terrible handwriting.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I haven't practiced my cursive
dialog: since grade school. It’s the only
dialog: way I could contact you without the
dialog: machine knowing.
dialog: 80.
text: Joseph studies the changed man before him.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You've been cleared of all charges.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It doesn’t matter. The RIFT was
dialog: right. We were wrong.
text: Joseph thinks it over. He gives a sad nod.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: You’ve seen what it’s doing in the
text: desert. The army it’s building.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: The Pentagon is aware of the
dialog: threat.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They can’t do anything. Tanks,
dialog: drones, smart bombs... they’re all
text: controlled by computers. Which are
text: all controlled by the machine that
dialog: calls itself will.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: What can anyone do? Do you have a
dialog: plan? We need to know.
text: Max, still a little distrustful, looks off.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How is Evelyn?
text: The thought of Evelyn pains both of them.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
text: She can't see it for what it is.
text: Max nods. Satisfied with Joseph’s answer, he hands over the
text: surveillance photos. Joseph studies the images.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: The machine is making slaves.
dialog: Hybrids. They're networked to the
dialog: whole system. We can take one.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You want to kidnap one? Have you
dialog: seen what they can do? They’re half
dialog: machine-
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Which means they’re running
dialog: software. Software I helped write.
dialog: Software I can hack.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You want to build a virus.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I need help. We have to keep it
dialog: secret. We have to stay hidden from
dialog: the machine. And I’m going to need
dialog: some kind of deal for the RIFT.
text: Joseph thinks it over. Nods.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Okay. Call your men off.
text: Max gives a signal. Bree and Bob appear with rifles.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Now call off yours.
text: Joseph waves. Five OPS TEAM MEMBERS in GHILLIE SUITS emerge.
text: They had positions on Max, Bree and Bob all along. Joseph
text: looks pleased with himself. Max shrugs.
text: Dozens of MILITANTS appear, with rifles on every positioned
text: Ops Team Member. Joseph knows checkmate when he sees it.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: What do you need?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Anything and everything not
text: controlled by a computer. Early
text: model off-road vehicles. A few
dialog: square miles of metallic window
dialog: screen. And I need shovels. A lot
text: of shovels.
text: Max is dead serious. Joseph is terribly confused.
scene_heading: I/E. DESERT TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Militants labor under a camouflage canopy. Max carries a
text: shovel into a tunnel they’re digging.
text: IN THE TUNNEL: RIFT Militants and SOLDIERS shovel, haul dirt,
text: and erect support beams. They work quickly.
dialog: 82.
text: We move past Max. The tunnel goes on and on. We lift up
text: through the dirt and reach the surface of the desert. Max's
text: tunnel runs straight at Will’s facility, shining like a
text: beacon in the night.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN’S RESIDENCE —- NIGHT
text: Evelyn and Will eat on either side of a table. The sight is
text: an optical illusion. The table presses up against a wall. In
text: it, Will projects a setting for himself, symmetrical to
text: Evelyn. They eat in silence. She’s depressed. And drinking.
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: How’s the food? I seasoned it
dialog: specifically for your palate.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It's perfect.
text: They go back to eating. Will watches her.
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: I think I've found a way to reverse
dialog: some of the damage that industry
dialog: has done to the environment. I have
dialog: some-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Not right now. Sorry.
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: You've been distant. What's wrong?
text: Evelyn doesn't want to talk. Will nods. He fills the walis
text: with an image: their garden back in Boston. But this version
text: of it is lush, full of life and color. She considers the
text: illusion. It doesn't change her mood.
text: She watches his avatar pretend to eat. She listens to his
text: fake breathing. The CLINK of his phantom silverware.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why are you making sound effects?
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: It's like having a meal together.
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Don't you understand? It makes me
dialog: feel more alone. Don’t you get
dialog: that?
dialog: 83.
text: Will nods, and the illusion fades. The walls dim to darkness.
scene_heading: WILL’S VOICE FROM THE ROOM
dialog: Is this better?
text: Evelyn looks around the room. Totally alone.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: At least it’s the truth.
text: She goes back to eating. In silence.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL'’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn is small among the towering buildings. Paul and Roger
text: follow her. She glances back at them and shakes her head,
text: annoyed. Turning a corner, she crashes head-on into a woman.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Sorry. I didn’t see you there. Are
dialog: you all right?
text: The woman doesn't move. It takes Evelyn a moment to realize
text: she's a hybrid, vacated from her body. Evelyn tries to ignore
text: her as she turns to see-
text: Martin and other hybrids are nearly finished with the new,
text: high-technology building. The woman next to Evelyn animates-—
scene_heading: WILL IN THE HYBRID
dialog: Would you like to see-
text: Evelyn flinches,
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Jesus! Will? Get the out of there!
text: Will’s hologram steps out of the woman and her body goes
text: lifeless again.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: Would you like to see inside?
text: Will’s hologram starts for the new building. She hesitates,
text: still shaking off the vacant hybrid, then follows. Paul and
dialog: Roger keep pace.
scene_heading: INT. NANOTECHNOLOGY DISTILLERY - DAY
text: Evelyn emerges into the cavernous room. The enormous walls
text: flicker with projections of Will’s thoughts. They FLASH at a
text: speed too fast to comprehend.
dialog: 84,
text: What looks to be a massive high-tech distillery deposits
text: nanotechnology into a series of pools. The graphite-like
text: material churns in them like a living thing.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Is this all nanotechnology?
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: Yes.
text: His miracles don’t impress her anymore. They frustrate her.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What does nanotechnology have to do
dialog: with anything? What does any of
dialog: this have to do with coming back to-
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: I can explain it to you.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm sick of explanations! It makes
text: me feel like a child. Like a pet.
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: You have to trust me.
text: Evelyn goes silent. As her silence lengthens, Will makes a
dialog: sad observation.
speaker_heading: WILL IN THE WALLS (CONT'D)
dialog: You've fallen out of love with me.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No. I just... That’s not true.
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: And you've started lying to me.
text: Evelyn searches herself. His accuracy unnerves her.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How do you know?
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: Because the balances of oxytocin
dialog: and serotonin are irregular in your
dialog: endocrine system.
text: Evelyn tries to catch up.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Wait. You’re measuring my hormones?
dialog: 85.
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: Yes. The biochemical ingredients of
dialog: what the mind processes as love.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Show me all the information you
dialog: have on my physiology. Now.
text: The walls show a spectrum of images concerning Evelyn’s
text: biological makeup. Evelyn trembles with anger.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT’D)
dialog: This is wrong. This is beyond an
dialog: invasion of privacy. These are my
dialog: feelings. My thoughts. You're not
dialog: allowed to know them.
text: Evelyn, angry and hurt, turns away from Will’s projection.
text: His hologram appears in front of her-
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: Please, Evelyn-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No! Leave me alone!
text: She walks through his hologram and out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn storms out of the laboratory. At that moment-
text: The wall of the main server building EXPLODES. Debris flies
text: in all directions. Paul and Martin throw themselves in front
text: of Evelyn to shield her. A massive chunk of rock FLIES
text: through Will‘’s hologram.
text: Roger and the other hybrids rush to contain the damage, but
text: SECONDARY EXPLOSIONS knock them off their feet. Evelyn
text: wrestles free of Paul and Martin—
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Get off me!
scene_heading: WILL’'S HOLOGRAM
dialog: We're under attack.
text: She scans the streets. There’s no trace of an enemy.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Where are they?
dialog: 86.
text: Paul, Martin and Will’s hologram face different directions.
text: They each see everything the others can. Martin looks down.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: They‘re under us.
text: Subterranean detonations BLOW HOLES in the streets around
text: them. Max climbs out one of the holes, armed with an assault
text: rifle. Bree follows. Dozens of RIFT Militants pour out.
text: Evelyn sees Max. Her eyes narrow-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Max, you bastard! What are you
dialog: doing!?
text: Max spots her as Martin lifts Evelyn and throws her into the-
scene_heading: INT. NANOTECHNOLOGY DISTILLERY - DAY
text: Evelyn tries to escape but the door SLAMS shut, and LOCKS.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Let me out!
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: It's for your protection.
text: The walls go transparent, so Evelyn can see-
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY — DAY
text: The hybrids fan out to face Max and his militants. A stand-
text: off. Will’s hologram materializes right in front of Max.
speaker_heading: WILL‘S HOLOGRAM
dialog: Don't do this.
text: Max steps through the hologram, lifts the rifle and...
text: Max and the RIFT Militants FIRE on the hybrids, riddling them
text: with bullets. The wounds POP with nanotechnology. Max UNLOADS
text: his machine gun on Martin. Martin drops.
scene_heading: INT. NANOTECHNOLOGY DISTILLERY - DAY
text: Stray bullets POP along the outside of the transparent wali.
text: Evelyn, seeing the carnage, steps back in horror.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY — DAY
text: Max empties his clip. Soon, all the militants are reloading.
text: As Max shoves in a new clip, he sees...
text: Martin climbs back to his feet. The hybrids are still alive,
text: and recovering. Max and the other humans stare.
text: Martin looks down at his body, drenched with the
text: nanotechnology pouring out of his bullet wounds. The liquid
text: begins to shift, moving with a mind of its own. It covers
text: Martin’s head... face... and the entirety of his body.
text: All of the hybrids go through a similar process. The
text: microscopic robots cover them. They solidify. Soon, they’re
text: encased in cruel-looking exoskeletons.
text: Martin steps for Max. Max FIRES, but the bullet is absorbed
text: into his body. Max switches to automatic and UNLOADS, but
text: Martin dodges the onslaught. Max knows its time to-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Retreat!
text: RIFT militants scramble for the tunnels. Max turns for the
text: closest tunnel, but Martin darts for him with a speed that
text: blurs the eye. He grabs the rifle - and SLAMS Max ten feet
text: back. Max tumbles and falls in a heap.
text: Bree runs to help him, firing a GRENADE LAUNCHER at the
text: approaching Martin. Martin dodges it with unnatural celerity.
text: Bree pulls Max to his feet. Martin and three other hybrids
text: block their path to the tunnel. Max and Bree turn and run.
text: Martin and the others chase them.
text: The last of the militants drop into the tunnel. Paul crouches
dialog: down to see-
text: A RIFT Militant aiming an RPG. Which he fires. Paul bats the
text: missile away and drops into the tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DAY
text: Paul faces the militants, who OPEN FIRE... to no effect.
text: IN PAUL'S POV: His machine eyes take IMAGES of each human
text: face. In a transparency over his field-of-view, he runs
text: FACIAL RECOGNITION SOFTWARE and discovers... several of the
text: humans have ACTIVE MILITARY STATUS.
dialog: 838.
scene_heading: INT. NANOTECHNOLOGY DISTILLERY - DAY
text: Will’s hologram sees what Paul sees-
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: There are military personnel
text: working with the RIFT terrorists.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: This has gone way too far.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: There is no way they can win.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DAY
text: Seeing the bullets are useless against Paul, the humans run.
text: Paul chases them until he sees~
text: A grenade launcher. The militant FIRES. In the tight space,
text: Paul has nowhere to dodge. The grenade EXPLODES, blowing Paul
text: off his feet. The smoke clears. Paul stands back up, his
text: damage already repairing itself. The RIFT militants lose
dialog: their enthusiasm.
text: The CEILING gives way as FIVE MORE HYBRIDS drop into the
text: tunnel. The humans run like mad. The hybrids give chase.
text: Paul, taking the rear, SNAPS the thick SUPPORT BEAMS,
text: COLLAPSING the tunnel as he goes.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Max and Bree sprint for the desert. The hybrids gain on them.
text: SIX OLD MODEL PICKUP TRUCKS head for them. The RIFT cavalry.
text: The trucks SKID TO THEIR SIDES, revealing M2 BROWNING MACHINE
text: GUNS mounted to each of them.
text: Bob, manning one of the .50’s, OPENS FIRE on Martin. The
text: ARMOR PIERCING ROUNDS POCKET Martin’s exoskeleton. As soon as
text: Martin hits the ground, his damage starts self-repairing.
text: Max and Bree scramble into the truck bed. The vehicles turn
text: for a line of canyons. Bob covers their retreat with the M2.
text: The hybrids sprint after. Martin, his armor completing the
text: last of its repairs, stands up to continue the chase.
text: Bob's TRACER BULLETS find the closest hybrid. The high-
text: caliber rounds POUND the cyborg. MACHINE GUNNERS from the
text: other trucks add to Bob's fire. The hybrid darts and dodges
dialog: the majority of the rounds.
dialog: 89.
text: Bob keeps firing. The hybrid materializes a thick SHIELD. Bob
text: keeps firing. THOUSANDS of rounds shred the shield and the
dialog: hybrid falls.
text: One of the hybrids VAULTS into the air, arcs overhead, and
text: CRASHES onto the hood of truck next to Max’s. CRUSHING it.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: We're outgunned.
text: Max checks the canyon line. They’re almost to the ridge.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We'll make it.
text: He turns back, only to find-
text: MARTIN, RIGHT IN FRONT OF HIM. Martin grabs the machine gun
text: and RIPS it from its housing. Bob pulls his 9MM pistol and
text: FIRES the clip... a minor annoyance.
text: Martin grabs Max’s leg. Starts pulling him in. Max kicks at
dialog: Martin, to no effect.
text: The truck enters the canyon. Martin spots MILITANTS waving
text: PLAGS. A signal. Martin sees the canyon walls around them are
text: covered in insect netting. More of the mesh canopies the open
text: sky, like some giant aviary HUMMING with power. Behind them,
text: trucks UNSPOOL more of the mesh.
text: Martin looks back at Max. Max gets a little smile.
scene_heading: INT. NANOTECHNOLOGY DISTILLERY - DAY
text: Evelyn sees it, too, realizing-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It’s some kind of trap.
text: She glances at Will, who might have expected this.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT CANYON — DAY
text: Martin grabs the collar of Max’s coat and jumps off the
text: truck. Max struggles as Martin drags him back toward Will's
text: city. Max goes slack and slips out of his coat.
text: Martin, seeing the opening of the mesh closing quickly, picks
text: up the pace, running to get out of the canyon.
text: Bob's truck REVERSES back to Max. Bob tosses Max a modified
text: HARPOON GUN. The spear has a piezoelectric tip.
dialog: 90.
text: Martin watches as the trucks spread the last of the mesh,
text: closing off the exit to the canyon. The net HUMS with energy.
text: Max FIRES the harpoon into Martin‘’s back. It CRACKLES with a
text: high-voltage shock. Martin SEIZES UP and falls, face first.
text: Unconscious. As the mesh closes like a curtain-
scene_heading: I/E. VARIOUS BATTLEGROUND LOCATIONS - DAY
text: HYBRIDS in the tunnels, the desert, and Will's facility stop
dialog: and face the canyon.
scene_heading: INT. NANOTECHNOLOGY DISTILLERY - DAY
text: The projection of Martin’s POV is wiped by STATIC.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: We're not connected to Martin
text: anymore. He’s gone.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Max found a way to block your
dialog: networking signal. Some kind of
text: mobile Faraday cage.
text: Evelyn watches the static. Will’s eyes narrow. The screens
text: FLASH to the POVs of a DOZEN HYBRIDS. They immediately start
text: rushing for the canyon.
scene_heading: EXT, DESERT CANYON — DAY
text: The hybrid reinforcements arrive at the canyon, but Max and
text: his people are gone. So is Martin.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TUNNEL - DAY
text: Paul scours the entrance to Max’s tunnel. The humans are
text: gone. The hybrids COLLAPSE the tunnel.
scene_heading: I/E. CARGO TRUCK/MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAY
text: RIFT vehicles convoy back their base. Max and Bree ride with
text: Martin. He’s cocooned in wire mesh and bound by massive IRON
text: BRACES on his hands and feet.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: What was that stuff that came out
dialog: of him?
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Nanotechnology.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: What does it do?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Anything the machine wants it to do.
text: They watch Martin STRAIN against the brace.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn and Will's hologram walk through the wreckage of the
text: attack. They take in the shattered streets. The smoldering
text: data center. Some of the hybrids are missing limbs.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: This wasn’t an attack. It was a
dialog: distraction. Max wanted Martin. You
dialog: have to get him back.
scene_heading: WILL‘'S HOLOGRAM
dialog: He'll be fine.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Martin has your source code in him.
dialog: Max can use it to build a virus.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: Even if Max built a virus, he could
dialog: never use it. I’m interlaced with
dialog: almost every computer in the world.
dialog: Max would wipe out civilization.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: This isn’t just Max! You've created
dialog: a warl
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: I’m not going to fight them. I'm
dialog: going to transcend them.
text: Evelyn hears RUMBLING. Like thunder, or...
text: A FLOOD of nanotechnology shoots out of the large vents
text: etched into the side of the distillery. It CRASHES over the
text: streets like a flash-flood... coursing right at them. Evelyn
text: is close to panic.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Trust me.
dialog: 92.
text: The flood of graphite hurtles toward her. She braces against
dialog: the torrent that will surely sweep her away, when-
text: With a glance, Will’s hologram PARTS the flood. The graphite
text: CASCADES AROUND THEM, and nothing touches Evelyn.
text: The nanotechnology CRASHES against the data center, spreading
text: with a mind of its own. It takes shape, solidifying to repair
text: the damage. The graphite molds itself to replace broken
text: equipment and demolished walls until the building looks new.
text: The substance envelops the battle-damaged hybrids and forms
text: itself into replacement limbs.
text: The nanotechnology flows beyond the city, covering the dirt
text: and sand of the desert. It spreads until the entire valley is
text: one giant sea of obsidian. It becomes as still as glass.
text: Will looks to the dark sea, and gives it a silent order.
text: Evelyn watches as the nanotechnology begins to shift. It
text: forms into small drops that begin lifting into the air.
text: It looks like black rain, falling into the clear sky.
text: The hybrids fall to their knees.
text: Evelyn watches Will’s hologram, in silent awe of his power.
text: But there’s something more in her. A profound disappointment.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: These things you can do. This power
dialog: that you have...
text: She takes in the reverse-rain. The hybrids. She watches
text: Will's hologram, shimmering in the light.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't recognize you anymore.
text: She turns and walks away from him. Will’s hologram watches
text: her go, then turns back to the reverse-rain.
scene_heading: EXT. RIFT CAMP — DAY
text: Max and Bree jump out of the CARGO TRUCK and help other RIFT
text: Militants unload Martin onto a dolly.
text: Martin sees the entire RIFT camp is canopied in metal
text: netting. The scaffolding for the net is wood and nails. It’s
text: jury-rigged, primitive, and effective.
dialog: 93.
text: The camp is full of OBSOLETE MILITARY VEHICLES, HEAVY
text: WEAPONS, and bustles with the activity of a wartime camp. A
text: World War II-era camp. There is not one computerized weapon
text: here. Max sees Martin searching for vulnerabilities.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: There’s nothing here the machine
dialog: can connect to.
text: Max continues escorting Martin to the—
scene_heading: I/E. CAVERN ENTRANCE - DAY
text: HEAVY MACHINE GUNNERS stand guard as Max leads them inside.
text: The cavern walls are covered in the wire. It BUZZES with
text: power from DIESEL GENERATORS.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN WAR ROOM - DAY
text: Max leads them through the RIFT WAR ROOM. It’s low-tech, like
text: everything else here. MILITARY BRASS pour over maps and make
text: battle plans. Seeing Martin, they salute Max.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN LABORATORY - DAY
text: Two dozen HACKERS of all styles man computers. Older
text: contraptions connected by a rats nest of cables.
text: Martin, on a steel table, is chained to the floor. He stares
text: at the computers. Max approaches, wearing chemical gloves.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They’re on a closed network. You’re
dialog: not going to hijack them.
text: Max nods to Joseph, who turns on an anesthesia machine. Max
text: lifts an anaesthetic mask over Martin’s face. He checks his
text: watch, timing the dosage. Martin studies him, breathing in
text: the anesthesia. He fades.
text: Max examines the metal plate on Martin’s skull. Along the
text: edge, the metal and Martin's skin merge into each other.
text: Max pulls over a tray of surgical tools, picks up an electric
text: saw, and cuts into the metal plate in Martin’s skull.
text: Graphite seeps out.
text: Joseph dilutes the nanotechnology with water and collects it
text: in a reinforced glass container. As the graphite coagulates,
text: he SHOCKS it with a live wire. It thins out again.
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN’S RESIDENCE - DAY
text: Evelyn watches as the nanotechnology continues its reverse-
text: rain. Will's avatar appears in the wall.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: There will be another attack. They
dialog: won't give up. Not with everything
dialog: you're capable of. They'll never
dialog: let us be together.
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: There is a way.
text: Evelyn gets very still.
speaker_heading: WILL IN THE WALLS (CONT‘D)
dialog: We could be together if you became
dialog: like me. I can upload you into my
dialog: network. We could merge into one
dialog: entity. We will be vast. Immortal.
dialog: We will have time to think all
dialog: there is to think, and know all
dialog: there is to know.
text: Evelyn focuses on Will’s avatar. A chill comes over her. She
text: pulls her sweater close.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You're not him.
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: Of course I am.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No. You’re not. You might think you
dialog: are... But it’s a lie.
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: You're afraid because you don’t
dialog: understand. Let me show you. Merge
dialog: your thought with mine. We can be
dialog: one.
text: She shoves her hands into the pockets of her sweater. She
text: feels something. Joseph’s note: RUN FROM THIS PLACE.
text: Evelyn makes a decision. She runs-
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN’S RESIDENCE/VARIOUS - DAY
text: Into the hallway. Avatars of Will materialize all around her.
dialog: 95.
text: WILL IN THE WALLS
dialog: Please don’t go.
text: Evelyn ignores him, moving faster.
speaker_heading: WILL IN THE WALLS (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t leave me.
text: Evelyn, in a full sprint, pushes outside, where-
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Will's hologram steps toward her. DOZENS of hybrids, in tight
text: formation, block her way.
speaker_heading: WILL’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: Don’t go.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Get out of my way.
scene_heading: WILL‘’S HOLOGRAM
dialog: I can’t let you leave.
text: The hybrids don’t move. Evelyn stands her ground. In a firm,
dialog: calm voice, she says~
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: If you love me, you’ll respect me
dialog: enough to let me go.
text: The hybrids stare at her. Carla, Glen, Paul, Sarah... One by
text: one, they stand aside. Evelyn passes through the gauntlet.
text: Will, in his many forms, watches Evelyn climd into her rental
text: car and drive away. As the truck disappears, Will's hologram
text: dims... and fades away.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN LABORATORY — DAY
text: Martin’s lifeless eyes stare at nothing... A chunk of his
text: skull has been sawed open... The graphite-soaked grey matter
text: is covered in fibers, an artificial nervous system to
text: supplement Martin’s biological one. These fibers flow into...
text: Will’s metallic implant, removed from Martin’s brain and
text: resting on the table.
text: Max solders fiber-optic cables into the dismantled device.
text: Max finishes his work. Nods to Joseph.
dialog: 96.
text: Joseph executes a function on his computer terminal. The CRT
text: screen fills with Will’s code. Joseph nods to Max. Success.
text: Max relaxes, exhaling deeply. In Martin’s wound, he sees the
text: graphite regrowing the skull and flesh.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN LABORATORY — DAY
text: Max, Joseph and the team of hackers huddle around Joseph’s
text: monitor. The amount of code streaming over the screen is
text: overwhelming. The assembled team watches. Intimidated.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I don’t even recognize this
dialog: programming language.
text: Max types in a search, finding a specific function. Joseph
text: serutinizes Max’s selection.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT'D)
dialog: I can read that... It’s really
dialog: elegant.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Thank you. I wrote it for the
speaker_heading: original PINN system.
text: Joseph nods, encouraged.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Okay. We can start here.
text: The hackers fan out to their individual stations, bring up
text: copies of Max's screen, and settle into work-mode.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN LABORATORY - DAY
text: The hackers, bleary from the marathon session, write code.
text: Every few lines or so they post work to the main terminal,
text: where Joseph collates and assembles the VIRUS.
text: He finds Max staring at Martin.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: What do we do with him?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We find a way to save him.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN LABORATORY — DAY
text: Max and Joseph work around Martin. He’s cocooned in mesh,
text: which is SHOCKING him. As it does, nanotechnology streams
text: out. Bree collects it in the tank. Finishing, Max checks
text: Martin’s vitals.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We need to get him to a hospital.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
text: A secure hospital.
dialog: (Off Max’s look)
dialog: He knows too much. We can’t have
text: him reporting back.
text: Bob enters the lab.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Our scouts just came in. Evelyn
text: left the machine.
text: As Max processes this, hope washes over him.
scene_heading: I/E. EVELYN'S TRUCK/HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: It’s raining. Hard. Even with the windshield wipers, Evelyn
text: has trouble seeing the road. She spots a motel.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: The rain POUNDS outside. Evelyn lays on one side of the bed,
text: staring at the vacant half of the bed. She pulls off her
text: wedding ring, places it on the bedside table, and goes to
dialog: sleep.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM — DAY
text: THUNDER wakes Evelyn. Max stands above her.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Do you know the machine is using
dialog: you as a spy?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Get away from me!
text: Evelyn scrambles away but finds Bob, Bree and other RIFT
text: Militants behind her. They grab her and wrap her in WIRE
text: MESH. She KICKS and CLAWS at them, but there are too many.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You left the machine, but the
dialog: Machine didn’t leave you.
text: They bind her tightly in the mesh. She struggles. Max grabs a
text: cable attached to the mesh. He prepares to connect it toa
text: daisy-chain of CAR BATTERIES.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m sorry, Evelyn. This will hurt.
text: Max connects the wire. ELECTRICITY hits Evelyn. Her body goes
text: RIGID, like the mesh was some improvised defibrillator.
text: Max suffers through Evelyn's contorted agony.
text: Evelyn hears a WHINE that grows into a HIGH-PITCHED SCREAM.
text: It sounds like DIGITAL NOISE in her head.
text: NANOTECHNOLOGY erupts from Evelyn’s nostrils and ears. She
text: VOMITS more of it. Evelyn would scream if she wasn’t choking.
text: Bree, using chemical gloves to protect herself, uses a glass
text: vial to take a sample of the liquid.
text: When the last of the nanotechnology drops from Evelyn, Max
text: cuts the power to the mesh. Evelyn GASPS and SPUTTERS,
text: staring at the liquid. Max gently pulls the net off her.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry, Evelyn. But the machine
dialog: was inside of you. Watching,
dialog: analyzing, and broadcasting
dialog: everything it saw...
text: Evelyn, freed from the mesh, scrambles into the corner of the
text: room. She sits there, trembling. Violated. Max glances at his
text: people, who file out into the rain.
text: They’re alone. Max gives her time to process the ordeal. She
text: never takes her eyes off the pool of dark liquid.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: This is how he did it. He saw
dialog: inside of my head. He knew what I
dialog: was feeling. What I was thinking.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The machine has been lying to you.
dialog: Everything has been a lie.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Please... Leave me alone...
dialog: 99.
text: The nanotechnology begins to move toward Evelyn. She flinches
text: away from it. Max softly reminds her-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I made a promise. To be here. To
dialog: wait for you. To protect you.
text: The nanotechnology moves closer. Max, seeing it’s time to go,
text: offers a hand to help her up. She pulls away from him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Leave me alone!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: There's one more thing I need to
dialog: show you. And then, if you want,
dialog: I'll never see you again. You‘ve
dialog: been lied to, Evelyn. Please let me
dialog: show you the truth.
text: The fluid slithers closer. Evelyn takes Max's hand. He pulls
text: her up. She stops. Stares at her wedding ring. She leaves it.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL PARKING LOT — DAY
text: Max hurries Evelyn through the rain and into a TRUCK. Bree
text: and Bob are inside, nervous about Evelyn’s presence. Max
text: pulls out a medical SAMPLE JAR, sealed in plastic.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: This is sterile. The seal is
dialog: unbroken. You see?
text: Evelyn nods. Max rips the plastic off the jar, opens the cap,
text: and holds it up to the sky. She watches, bewildered, as Max
text: collects rain with it. When he’s satisfied with the amount,
text: he secures the cap. He hands the sample to Evelyn.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: This might not make any sense right
dialog: now. But I want you to keep this in
dialog: your hands. So you know it wasn’t
text: tampered with during the trip.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The trip? Where are we going?
text: Max glances at Bree and Bob. Tense.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I’m sorry but we can’t tell you.
dialog: Not until we know where you stand.
dialog: 100.
text: Before she can resist, Max puts a hood over Evelyn’s head.
text: Everything goes BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. RIFT CAMP/DECONTAMINATION ROOM ~ DAY
text: Max, naked, shivers in the cold water of HIGH-PRESSURE HOSES
text: that RIFT militants fire at him. He scrubs himself with hard
text: BRUSHES until his skin is raw, attempting to rid himself of
dialog: any traces of nanotechnology.
text: He tries to ignore Evelyn’s SCREAMING from the other side of
text: a partition. She’s going through a similar decontamination
text: process. It doesn’t sound like she’s willing.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN COMPUTER LABORATORY - DAY
text: Evelyn, shivering from the cold showers, finds herself among
text: enemies. Joseph, the RIFT militants, and the hackers watch
text: her. Max moves into her line-of-sight with a blanket. Tender.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Do you have the sample?
text: Evelyn hands him the jar of rainwater. Max puts a drop of it
text: on a slide. He places it under a MICROSCOPE.
text: She scans the cavern. The mesh lining the rock walls. The old
text: computers. The reinforced tank of nanotechnology.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: I found them.
text: Max motions Evelyn to the microscope.
text: IN THE MICROSCOPE: Water. Bacteria. And something else. Small
text: bits of GRAPHITE. Microscopic robots.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: This is a random sample of rain?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Keep watching.
text: The nanobots attack trace elements in the water, break them
dialog: down, and use the material to build more nanobots. This
text: process repeats. Evelyn looks at Max, terrified.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
text: The machine flooded the desert with
text: this nanotechnology. It evaporates,
dialog: like water.
dialog: 101.
dialog: As Max continues-
scene_heading: EXT. THE SEA OF NANOTECHNOLOGY - DAY
text: Will stands at the edge of the sea of nanotechnology. The
text: reverse-rain falls into the sky. We FOLLOW one of the drops
text: as it flies up. In the atmosphere, it disperses like vapor.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.0.)
text: The nanotechnology joins the air
text: currents. They carry it over the
text: surface of the planet.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH ALTITUDE WIND CURRENTS - DAY
text: A nanobot, riding the wind currents, sets itself upon a bit
text: of particulate matter. And uses it to build another nanobot.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.0.)
dialog: Wherever it can, it builds copies
dialog: of itself.
text: Moisture in the air condenses around the nanobot. It becomes
text: a drop of rain. The rain falls, carrying the nanotechnology.
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS LOCATIONS - DAY
text: Rain falls on cities, on forests, over the sea. Wherever it
text: lands, the nanotechnology builds more copies of itself.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.0.)
text: They’re in the sky, the water, the
dialog: land. Everything. They’re spreading
dialog: exponentially.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTER SPACE - DAY
text: A view of Earth. The mix of colors show land, sea and clouds.
text: Dark rivulets of nanotechnology run over the surface of the
text: planet. The darkness spreads.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: We estimate it’s over about four
dialog: percent of the planet. By winter,
dialog: it will be at sixteen percent.
text: The graphite blooms out over the world, marbling the planet.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: By next summer, the machine will
dialog: have encased the entire planet in
dialog: nanotechnology.
text: The darkness spreads until the land, sea and clouds are gone.
text: The entire planet shimmers in monochromatic graphite.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN COMPUTER LABORATORY — DAY
text: Evelyn, listening to Max, is ghost white.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The nanotechnology is turning the
text: planet into a part of the machine.
dialog: The entire Earth will be exploited
dialog: to serve its intelligence.
text: Evelyn, unsteady, tries to breathe.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: This is impossible...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Without water, or land, or
dialog: resources, every plant, animal and
dialog: person will die. The machine wiil
dialog: be the only thing left. The entire
dialog: planet will be its brain.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No... Why would he use his
dialog: abilities to destroy the earth
dialog: rather than heal it... Will would
dialog: never do this...
text: Max grabs her, firm, to finally convince her—
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It’s not Will.
text: In Max's eyes, she finally sees. Fear, guilt and panic crash
text: into her. She can’t breathe. Everyone stares at her, furious.
text: She stumbles, panicking, out of the lab.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN WAR ROOM — DAY
text: She passes more people, their faces blur. She picks up her
text: pace, racing for the entrance to the cave. Max follows her.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE ENTRANCE - DAY
text: Evelyn reaches the daylight. Panting in the fresh air, she
text: looks out at the RIFT camp. The FAMILIES. The CHILDREN.
text: Max moves next to her. Silent. Allowing her to process...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: All these people. Everything.
dialog: Everyone is going to die. And it’s
dialog: my fault.
text: Evelyn can’t hold back any more. She cries. Mournful. Grief-
text: stricken. Guilty. Max wraps her in his arms and holds her,
text: protective, as she weeps.
scene_heading: EXT. RIFT CAMP — LATER
text: Max leads Evelyn through the camp. Evelyn takes it all in. He
text: points out the jury-rigged mesh that encloses the camp.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: The mesh is charged with an
text: electromagnetic pulse. It blocks
dialog: the machine's signal. It keeps us
dialog: hidden. It’s ugly, but it works. We
dialog: call it The Cage.
text: She sees his burden of responsibility. He's become a leader.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: The machine hasn’t attacked us yet.
dialog: But every hour that passes, it’s
dialog: that much more powerful. It won’t
dialog: be long before it overwhelms us.
text: Max ignores the suspicious looks thrown at Evelyn from
text: everyone they pass. He leads her to a cabin.
scene_heading: INT. RIFT CABIN — DAY
text: Max shows Evelyn into the primitive little room.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It’s not much, but you’ll have
dialog: privacy.
text: She eases herself onto the cot. Max doesn’t speak. He watches
text: her, staring off into space. As the silence lengthens, he
text: starts to go. She stops him with-
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The virus. Does it work?
text: Max tenses. If she knows about it then-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The machine knows about the virus?
text: Evelyn nods. Max considers his next move.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN LABORATORY - DAY
text: Joseph and the assembled hackers look up as Max sits Evelyn
text: down at a workstation. She reads through the virus’ code.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No. You're not thinking big enough.
text: Evelyn takes a position at the terminal and gets to work. Max
text: watches her laser-like focus. He settles in next to her.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN COMPUTER LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: Bree snaps on her chemical gloves. She places the vial of
text: nanotechnology from the motel on a work table. Evelyn watches
text: Max line the vial with wired transmitters. Max nods to
text: Joseph, who executes the virus from his terminal.
text: Evelyn focuses on the vial of nanotechnology. A soft DIGITAL
text: NOISE sounds from the implants. The virus. Nothing happens.
dialog: Then, suddenly-
text: The nanotechnology erupts inte frenzied movement. It turns
text: SOLID. Small FISSURES form on its surface. Its color changes
text: from shimmering graphite to a dull black. It turns into
text: lifeless dust.
text: Max and Evelyn share a satisfied nod. Max faces the others.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Once it connects, the virus will
dialog: wipe out anything with the
text: machine’s code on it.
text: Evelyn studies the dead nanotechnology.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: The machine's code is on every
text: computer connected to the Internet.
text: Max goes quiet. Joseph pales. Bree has no idea why.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The virus will wipe out all the
dialog: connected systems in the world. The
dialog: power grid, water treatment plants,
dialog: the global economy... People will
dialog: go without food, water or heat.
dialog: Millions will die.
text: They fall silent, considering the consequences. Max, very
dialog: softly, reminds them-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Billions will live.
text: Evelyn looks at Max. They have no choice.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: How are we going to introduce it to
dialog: the machine’s network?
speaker_heading: MAX
text: The facility is the center of its
dialog: intelligence. It broadcasts its
text: signal from there.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: It'll never let us in.
text: Evelyn feels their desperation.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The machine wanted to upload me
text: into its consciousness.
text: Everyone goes still at the confession.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’1l inject infected nanotechnology
dialog: into myself, carry the virus to the
dialog: machine and upload it at the
dialog: facility.
text: Joseph is moved by her willingness. Bree suspects it. Max
dialog: can't accept it.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Evelyn. No.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: There‘s no other way.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: She's right.
text: Max stands there, shaking his head. He leaves. Evelyn follows
text: him. Joseph watches, his face lined with worry.
scene_heading: EXT. RIFT CAMP PERIMETER - NIGHT
text: Max stares at the trees beyond the perimeter of the cage.
text: Water from the recent rains falls in a soft PATTER through
text: the woods. Evelyn joins him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I‘m sorry for being cruel to you.
dialog: For calling you my enemy, when
dialog: you’ve been my friend.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I understand.
text: On a leaf, moisture from the rains collects into a drop of
text: water. Inside the drop of water, there is a small fleck of
text: darkness. A nanobot. It watches them.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT
text: Will's hologram watches more and more CITIZENS from the town
text: file into his facility. He stops. Sensing something. He turns
text: to face east.
scene_heading: EXT. RIFT CAMP PERIMETER - NIGHT
text: The drop of water inches along the leaf, watching. Evelyn
text: looks into Max‘s eyes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I have to do this.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: «+. T know.
text: She takes his hand. He soaks it in. The drop of water wells
text: on the edge of the leaf. And falls.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY ~ NIGHT
text: Will’s hologram, seeing enough, fades.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN WAR ROOM — DAY
text: Evelyn, Max and Joseph stand at a work table, coiling copper
text: wire into the insides of ARTILLERY AMMUNITION. A team of
text: military personnel watch, including COLONEL STEPHENS.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: When the machine detects the virus,
dialog: it‘ll use everything it has to
dialog: fight it. The less hardware it has,
dialog: the more vulnerable it will be.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The modified artillery will cause
text: an electromagnetic pulse and fry
dialog: any computer system in the blast
dialog: radius. Hybrids. Nanotechnology.
dialog: Everything.
text: Colonel Stephens looks like he just ate something sour.
scene_heading: COLONEL STEPHENS
dialog: So we're betting the house on Mrs.
text: Caster bluffing a computer that’s a
dialog: million times smarter than she is.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Hundreds of millions of times
dialog: smarter. Yes.
text: Colonel Stephens sizes up Evelyn.
scene_heading: COLONEL STEPHENS
dialog: Hope you got a good poker face.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN’S CABIN IN THE RIFT CAMP - DAY
text: The sun streams into the cabin. Evelyn sits there. A
text: tranquility has come over her. Max enters softly.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We attack at dawn.
text: She stands. Ready for what is to come.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN COMPUTER LABORATORY - DAY
text: Evelyn watches Max mix water into the dead nanotechnology. He
text: pulls the solution into a syringe. She rolls up her sleeve.
text: Max finds a vein on Evelyn’s arm. Injects the virus.
dialog: 108.
text: Tender, he starts rolling her sleeve back down. She lets him.
text: He takes his time. He buttons her sleeve into place. They
dialog: Make eye contact.
scene_heading: EXT. RIFT CAMP - DAY
text: The entire camp is MOBILIZING. MILITANTS and SOLDIERS prepare
text: trucks, artillery and weapons for the attack.
text: Max and Joseph walk Evelyn to a pickup. She takes the wheel.
text: Nothing needs to be said. She drives to the perimeter of the
text: cage. The RIFT GUARDS let her through.
text: Max and Joseph watch her go.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN WAR ROOM — DAY
text: Max and Colonel Stephens lean over maps of Will’s swath of
text: desert. Joseph, Bree, Bob, and OFFICERS huddle around.
scene_heading: COLONEL STEPHENS
dialog: Qur weapons are simple. Cannons,
dialog: bullets and explosives. We'll have
text: radio silence until the battle is
dialog: over so keep to your time lines.
dialog: Keep your teams focused.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We only have to hold out long
dialog: enough for the virus to hit. So
dialog: fight.
text: Everyone moves out.
scene_heading: EXT. RIFT CAMP PERIMETER - DAY
text: In an old truck, Bob drives Max and Bree. The convoy behind
text: them transports ARTILLERY and INFANTRY. The MILITARY TROOPS
text: and RIFT MILITANTS mix together.
text: The vehicles SPLASH through a puddle of muddy water. In it,
text: there are small tendrils of graphite.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Will’s hologram sees the coming assault. At a silent signal,
text: the hybrids stop their work. They form a perimeter around the
text: facility, standing at the edge of the sea of nanotechnology.
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT HILLS OUTSIDE OF BRIGHTWOOD - DAWN
text: Max's army takes position. They set up a long line of
text: HOWITZER ARTILLERY CANNONS, aimed toward Will’s facility.
text: Max checks his harpoon gun and quiver of ammo.
text: Bob lifts a baseball bat he’s wrapped with needles from
text: multiple stun guns. The wires run into battery packs on his
text: belt. He shoves the STUN BAT into a sheath on his back.
text: Bree, Colonel Stephens, and Joseph make adjustments to gear.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIGHTWOOD — DAWN
text: Transport trucks enter the town. Infantry, carrying weapons
text: and gear, spread out over the main street. They lay
scene_heading: EXPLOSIVES. Position MORTARS.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT HILLS OUTSIDE OF THE TOWN - DAWN
text: Max lifts binoculars. He has a clear line of sight down MAIN
text: STREET, where his people prepare. He tracks through the town,
text: past the TOWN HALL, the DESERT DREAM HOTEL, and settles his
text: attention on WILL’S FACILITY.
text: He sees the hybrids. Row after row of them, people of all
text: ages and races, still as statues. Stephens eyes them, too.
scene_heading: COLONEL STEPHENS
dialog: Why aren't they attacking?
text: Max scans the sea of nanotechnology. At the northern shore of
text: it, he finds the headlights of Evelyn's pickup.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Maybe it doesn’t want to risk
dialog: putting Evelyn in danger.
scene_heading: I/E. EVELYN’S TRUCK/SEA OF NANOTECHNOLOGY ~ DAY
text: Evelyn pulls to a stop at the edge of the dark sea. Glancing
text: left, she sees the army taking positions on the edge of town.
text: She faces Will’s facility, on the other side of the sea of
text: nanotechnology. She looks at the calm sea, blocking her path.
text: The nanotechnology begins to SHIFT... and the sea of parts.
text: It forms a narrow path, wide enough for her truck. A clear
text: line to the facility.
dialog: 110.
text: She shoves her truck into drive, and rolls into the sea... in
text: her REAR VIEW MIRROR, she sees the path closing behind her.
text: She breathes, trying to stay calm...
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT HILLS OUTSIDE OF THE TOWN - DAY
text: Max watches Evelyn’s truck cross the sea...
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn drives out of the sea. The path behind her CRASHES
text: shut. She stops. Climbs out of the pickup.
text: Stillness. She watches the statuesque hybrids for a sign of
text: threat. Their population has grown, perhaps the entire
text: citizenship of the town. They ignore her. She looks for-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Will?
text: Nothing. She weaves through the hybrids, making her way to
text: the facility's entrance. She looks up at a security camera.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT‘D)
dialog: Will? I’m here. I’m back.
text: The door to the facility opens. The silhouette of a man
text: appears. Evelyn catches her breath as she sees—
text: Will Caster. Whole and healthy. Flesh and blood. Her husband.
text: Evelyn's face contorts with terror and devotion.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: My God... This is impossible...
text: As he approaches, she tries to contain her feelings. She
text: takes in his face. His perfect imperfections.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Will... What did you do?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I found a way back to you.
text: She can’t resist it anymore. She darts toward him, wraps him
text: in her arms, and weeps.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT HILLS OUTSIDE OF THE TOWN — DAY
text: Max and Bree watch through their binoculars.
dialog: dll.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: What is that? Is that him?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It's everything she wants but, no,
dialog: it's not him,
scene_heading: EXT. WILL'’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn, eyes shut, realizes he’s not returning her embrace.
text: He watches her. Wary. Distrustful. In his sad, suspicious
text: eyes, she sees bits of graphite. She steps back.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You're a hybrid.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Yes. Why did you come back?
text: Evelyn unconsciously touches where she injected the virus.
text: Will watches. Evelyn realizes her tell. Corrects it.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Max. He’s about to attack.
text: Will glances at the military buildup on the far side of town.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I know. You need to leave now.
text: Evelyn, conflicted, steels herself to the task at hand.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I left you once. I'm not leaving
dialog: you again.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You'll die if you stay here.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Not if I became like you. You said
dialog: you wanted to upload me. I realize,
dialog: now, I want that, too.
text: He studies her, inscrutable. Waiting for more information.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT’D)
dialog: I was wrong to leave you. I was
dialog: afraid.
text: Evelyn looks into herself, and touches her grief.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: I can’t live without you. Alone.
dialog: I’m not leaving you again. I want
dialog: to be with you. I’m ready to be a
dialog: part of you.
text: The emotion in her confession makes her wonder if it's true.
text: Will takes in every minute detail of her.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Your heart is in palpitations.
dialog: You’re perspiring, trembling, and
dialog: breathless. The way you’re
dialog: correcting your balance suggests
dialog: severe lightheadedness...
dialog: (A sad diagnosis)
dialog: Evelyn, you're terrified of me.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m afraid you don’t love me
dialog: anymore. That you can’t.
text: Will, conflicted, comes to a painful conclusion.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I don’t believe you.
text: Evelyn, knowing she's failing, breathes. She steps closer to
text: him. Touches him. Looks into his eyes... and lies.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Trust me, Will. Please trust me.
text: Will stares into her, struggling with love and suspicion.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT RIDGE - DAY
text: Max and Bree see Will’s struggle.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This isn’t working.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: It can’t love her. Not really.
dialog: That's impossible, right?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We're out of time. Open fire.
text: Stephens gets a sour look.
scene_heading: COLONEL STEPHENS
dialog: What about Evelyn?
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We need to force it to upload her.
dialog: He will protect her. Open fire.
text: Stephens nods and signals the HOWITZER TEAMS to-
scene_heading: COLONEL STEPHENS
dialog: Open firel
scene_heading: EXT. WILL‘’S FACILITY — DAY
text: Evelyn and Will see the FLASHES of cannon fire. The sky
text: SCREAMS with incoming artillery. She immediately sees Max’s
text: strategy. The tragic effectiveness of it. She turns to Will.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Please, Will. There’s no time. You
dialog: have to upload me.
text: Will glances at her. Makes his decision.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: No.
text: In a blur of motion all around them, waves of nanotechnology
text: rise from the street and buildings. It shapes itself into
text: protective walls around Will, Evelyn and the hybrids.
text: The artillery EXPLODES into the walls. Evelyn and Will take
text: shelter behind one. He covers her, protecting her from the
text: concussive BLASTS and the DEBRIS raining down on them.
text: Evelyn looks up to Will, and finds him staring into space.
text: Concentrating on...
scene_heading: EXT. THE SEA OF NANOTECHNOLOGY - DAY
text: NORTH OF MAX'S POSITION: the nanotechnology begins to move...
text: it spreads out over the shore... moves up the slope of the
text: hills... and turns its current for Max's line of artillery...
text: SOUTH OF MAX’S POSITION: a similar phenomena happens. The
text: nanotechnology moves to flank Max’s cannons.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT RIDGE — DAY
text: The artillery keeps BLASTING. Max and the others, through
text: binoculars, watch the HAMMERING of the protective walls.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Fire the EMPs.
dialog: 114.
text: At Stephens’ signal, the HOWITZER TEAMS load MODIFIED SHELLS.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL'S FACILITY - DAY
text: BOOM. The EMP round blows into the shielding of the main
dialog: processing building.
text: Evelyn sees Will FLINCH at the impact. Like the blow HURT.
text: The artillery CRATERS the wall.
text: But instead of it being immediately repaired by more
text: nanotechnology, the protective wall fissures and CRUMBLES.
text: Like an ice shelf falling into the sea, the entirety of a 12
text: yard radius around the blast area falls... CRASH.
text: Will leads Evelyn away to the edge of the compound, away from
text: the blasts. The PROTECTIVE WALL moves with them. Another
text: BLAST. Nanotechnology CRASHES. Will flinches.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It’s hurting you.
text: He flinches at another BOOM.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Why are they doing this? What do
dialog: they hope to accomplish?
text: Evelyn watches him. Mute, she looks away.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: It doesn’t matter.
text: Will closes his eyes, focusing on...
scene_heading: EXT. THE SEA OF NANOTECHNOLOGY - DAY
text: The nanotechnology flows out of the sea and spreads over the
text: facility. It moves up the buildings and protective walls
text: compromised by the EMPs.
text: IN AN ARIEL VIEW: We see the artillery fire is overwhelming.
text: So much nanotechnology has to be replaced that the facility
text: looks like a giant sinkhole for the sea.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT RIDGE - DAY
text: Colonel Stephens smiles at the damage. Max checks the
text: hybrids, who watch the destruction from the protective walls.
dialog: 1is.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Why isn’t it fighting back?
text: Between the BOOMS of the cannon, Max can hear faint SCREAMS.
text: He checks his sides. His eyes go wide.
text: AT THE SOUTH END OF THE LINE OF HOWITZERS: nanotechnology
text: SPIDER WEBS over the big cannon. The men run. The graphite
text: pours up the gun, disables the FIRING PIN and dismantles the
text: weapon with extreme precision.
text: There’s an enormous CRACK as the nanotechnology CRUSHES the
text: machinery of the heavy weapon. Broken, its pieces fall.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh...
text: At more SCREAMS, Max whips to see-
text: THE NORTH END OF THE HOWITZERS: The furthest cannon meets a
text: similar fate. The graphite streams closer, falls on the next
text: big gun, and leaves it a pile of inoperable parts.
text: Desperate militants and soldiers lift rifles and FIRE into
text: the mass of graphite... the bullets POP into it, ineffective,
text: They nanotechnology reaches them, WRAPS around them, It
text: SOLIDIFIES, BINDING them in some kind of STRAIGHT JACKETS.
text: Stephens looks to the closest team, who have stopped firing
text: to stare, agog, at the monstrous graphite.
scene_heading: COLONEL STEPHENS
dialog: Fuck are you doing!? Keep firing!
text: The team nods, doubles their pace, and FIRES.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY —- DAY
text: BOOM. A round slams into the wall protecting Will and Evelyn.
text: The nanotechnology crumbles. But before more can replace it,
text: there's the SCREAM of another shell. Will spins to Evelyn-
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Get down!
text: Artillery EXPLODES into the broken wall. The blast sends them
text: flying. Debris rains all around.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT RIDGE - DAY
text: Max, seeing the blast, pales.
dialog: 116.
dialog: No.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn comes to, covered in bits of rubble. Battered and
text: disoriented, her only thought is for-
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: will?
text: She drags herself up. Will is already crawling to her. Seeing
text: her, he freezes. Evelyn follows his focus to discover...
text: SHRAPNEL, lodged in her gut. There’s a lot of blood. Evelyn
text: loses strength. Slumps.
text: Will's eyes narrow in fury. He faces Max's army, SCREAMING in
text: rage and agony.
scene_heading: EXT, WILL'S FACILITY - DAY
dialog: Paul, Roger, Carla, Glen... every single one of the hybrids
text: turn toward Max.
scene_heading: EXT, DESERT RIDGE -— DAY
text: Max sees, through the binoculars, every single hybrid,
text: hundreds of them, staring right at him. They're furious. Max
text: swallows whatever just caught in his throat.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Here they come,
scene_heading: EXT. WILL'S FACILITY/BRIGHTWOOD - DAY
text: The hybrids CHARGE. Running faster than humanly possible.
text: LEAPING from the roofs of the buildings.
text: MORTAR TEAMS and infantry with RPGs fire into the hybrids.
text: BOOM. BOOM. Explosives slow down the hybrids. Some fall, but
text: most reach the infantry and fall into close combat.
scene_heading: EXT, MAIN STREET ~ DAY
text: — A hybrid LEAPS to a mortar’s position. It grabs the weapon,
text: BASHES the surrounding soldiers, and CRUSHES the mortar.
dialog: 117.
text: - A hybrid BARRELS for a squad, dodging the HARPOONS they
text: FIRE. The men drop behind a car to reload. The hybrid SLIDES
text: the car out of the way and CRACKS the soldiers unconscious.
text: - A SQUAD of eight men fire into hybrids from behind a low
text: wall. Two hybrids CRASH through it and BLUDGEON the squad.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT RIDGE - DAY
text: Max watches the infantry being overrun. He focuses on Will's
text: facility, where Will holds Evelyn. A SOLDIER races past him.
text: A MILITANT shoves by. Max realizes the ENTIRE ARMY is
text: sprinting toward the town. He turns-
text: A MASSIVE WAVE OF NANOTECHNOLOGY CRASHES into the remaining
text: artillery. It CRUSHES the last cannons... PULLS men under its
dialog: current... and moves directly for... Joseph.
text: Joseph starts to run, but the graphite REACHES OUT - GRABS
text: Joseph ~ and TENTACLES of the graphite material pin him to
dialog: the ground.
text: Max moves to save Joseph, but Bree and Bob grab him. And run.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Will focuses on Evelyn. He cradles her in his arms. Tender.
text: She touches his face.
text: Will looks into his hand. Nanotechnology seeps out of his
text: skin and pools in his palm. He pours it onto her wound. She
text: Makes a weak, fearful MOAN.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: It will take some time, but it will
dialog: heal you.
text: EVELYN'S POV: of Will’s face. Calm and comforting.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't worry. I have you.
text: We FLY, at LIGHT SPEED, into Will’s PUPIL and thrust into his
dialog: universe... we see everything he does. The perspective of
text: every hybrid, every processor, security camera, speck of
dialog: nanotechnology...
text: ON EVELYN: awed by the transcendent experience of glimpsing
text: the vast scope of Will's mind.
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Max, Bree, Bob and Stephens take cover among the vehicles
text: stationed on the outskirts of town. Max checks the state of
text: the facility. Craters, smoke, fires... But the structures
dialog: still stand.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: The machine is uploading the virus.
dialog: We have to blow those processing
text: centers and slow it down.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: How? We lost our artillery.
text: All along Main Street, the battle rages. Bullets, explosions,
text: and hybrids swarming everywhere. Max, looking for options,
text: points to the surrounding vehicles.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We drive explosives into the
dialog: facility. Detonate everything.
text: Bob and Bree nod. Stephens runs back along the line, barking
text: orders. Troops climb into four old trucks.
text: Max, Bob and Bree load themselves with gear. Max shoves C4
text: into a kit bag. Bree stuffs FMP grenades into a bandolier.
text: Bob arms himself with an RPG and spare rockets. They scramble
text: into an old Bronco, leading the small convoy.
scene_heading: I/E. WILL’S CONSCIOUSNESS/WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn’s eyes open. Will shines with radiant light. She finds
text: the liquid saturating her wound shines like Will.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It’s incredible. This is your
dialog: network?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Part of it.
text: The SOUNDS OF BATTLE bring her back to the mission at hand.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I want you to connect me to
dialog: everything.
text: Will gets a sad smile.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You’re talking to me like a
text: computer again.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I... I just want to see you. The
dialog: whole of you. Please?
text: Will nods. Closes his eyes. A PULSE OF ENERGY shoots out of
text: him. It flies in all directions, illuminating everything in
text: its wake.
text: The light cascades over the facility. The buildings ignite
text: with energy. As it waves over the valley, the nanotechnology
text: fills with energy. Each of the hybrids ILLUMINATE, becoming
text: bright as stars.
text: The wave of energy circles the entire Earth. Every aspect of
text: Will, the world over, shines bright with sentient thought.
text: Large parts of the world are dim, but around the major hubs
text: of human civilization, Will’s awareness blazes with life.
text: ON EVELYN: who can barely process what she’s seeing... She
text: faces the world, awed, scanning the horizon of this world.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: I can see... Everything...
text: Evelyn spots something beyond the horizon.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s that?
text: EVELYN’S POV: races, at the speed of light, over deserts,
text: cities, hills, and stops, in a SATELLITE VIEW, to hover over-
text: A patch BLACKNESS in the shining world. Part of the mountains
text: has been redacted from her vision.
text: ON EVELYN AND WILL: seeing hundreds of miles away with the
text: ease of looking across a room.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Why can’t I see there?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: That's the RIFT Camp. They're
dialog: blocking my signal.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET/THE CONVOY - DAY
text: The convoy of four old vehicles moves out.
dialog: 120.
text: IN THE BRONCO: Bob leans out a window with his RPG. Max
text: secures the bag of C4 and readies his harpoon gun. Bree
text: readies an EMP grenade...
text: SCREAMS from behind them, Max shoves his head out the window
text: and looks back.
text: AT THE END OF THE CONVOY: the flanking nanotechnology spreads
text: over the TRUCK at the end of the convoy. Soldiers escape as
text: the nanotechnology DISASSEMBLES the vehicle.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Let’s go!
text: Bree SLAMS the accelerator... Max looks into the side-mirror
text: and sees... Nanotechnology LIFT and CRUSH another vehicle.
text: Max looks in front of them... where the hybrids are charging.
text: Bob FIRES his RPG. The EMP grenade ROCKETS into the enemy’s
text: charge. BOOM. Hybrids fly in all directions from the blast.
dialog: Still more come.
text: Max leans out the window and FIRES a harpoon. Drops one. Bree
text: lobs an EMP grenade. BOOM. More hybrids fall.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET/TOWN HALL - DAY
text: A DOZEN HYBRIDS see Max’s success. Sharing a wordless
text: communication, they leap into activity and fill the street
text: with large debris —- old CRT monitors, TVs, computers, and an
text: old telephone booth.
scene_heading: I/E. HUMVEE/MAIN STREET — DAY
text: Max and Bree see the hybrids piling debris.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They're making a roadblock.
text: She accelerates, ROARING the humvee faster. Max gives a look.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Fuck it.
text: Bob, seeing she intends to breach the roadblock, straps in.
text: OUTSIDE: The hybrids, seeing the Bronco about to ram into
text: them, calmly walk out of danger. We hear the BEEP-BEEP-BEEP
text: of a LARGE TRUCK, backing up...
dialog: 121.
text: IN THE BRONCO: Max and Bree go stiff as the LARGE TRUCK moves
text: to reinforce the roadblock. They brace themselves as-—
text: They SLAM through the barrier, only to IMPACT the truck -—
text: CRASH - it stops them, dead.
text: IN THE BROCO: Max, groggy, is dimly aware of MOVEMENT. He
text: lifts his harpoon gun - FIRES - one of the hybrids goes down.
text: Another grabs the door and RIPS it off the vehicle. It takes
text: Max and SLAMS him against the truck.
text: Max slumps to the ground. The hybrid steps over him.
text: Nanotechnology POOLS in its hand. They hybrid pours it onto
text: Max. It MORPHS into restraining braces around Max's wrists.
text: Bob stumbles out of the Bronco - lifts his stun-bat - CRACKS
text: the hybrid - the SHOCK blows the hybrid back ten feet. Bob
text: SWINGS - SHOCKS a hybrid - SWINGS - SHOCKS another.
text: Bree moves to help Max up. Orienting himself, Max sees-—
text: THE CONVOY HAS STOPPED. The nanotechnology, flanking their
text: position, DISAPPEARS more and more vehicles. Soldiers and
text: Militants run and hide in the town all around, covering their
text: retreat with HARPOONS, GRENADES, and RPGs.
text: The nanotechnology CHASES them, morphing into RESTRAINTS
text: around soldiers. STRAIGHT-JACKETS around the militants. It
text: COCOONS Colonel Stephens. Encasing him.
text: Max watches, bewildered. Then, sensing danger, he sees-
text: FIVE HYBRIDS step close. Bree tosses an EMP grenade into them
text: - BOOM. As the smoke clears, TEN MORE come.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Time to go!
text: Max, coming to his senses, sees the KIT BAG - still in the
text: Bronco. He moves for it.
speaker_heading: BOB (CONT’D)
dialog: Wrong way, Max.
text: Max grabs the bag of C4 and races off with Bree and Bob...
text: Heading for the facility.
text: THREE WOUNDED HYBRIDS lay on the ground. Carla, Paul and
text: Roger. The surrounding hybrids pour nanotechnology over them.
text: It SEEPS IN and Carla, Paul and Roger stand.
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Bree and Bob race toward the DESERT DREAM HOTEL. Max, looking
text: back, sees the hybrids healing each other.
text: He takes in his surroundings. Burning buildings. Cratered
text: streets. A broken main spills water all over. Max realizes
text: the hybrids - DOZENS of them - stand in it.
text: Max turns to Bob-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: RPG.
text: Bob kneels down and aims the RPG at a clutch of hybrids.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Not at them... There-
text: Max, restrained, uses both his arms to point Bob to a new
text: target. Bob gets a little grin, aims-—
text: WHOOSH! The RPG rockets into a POWER LINE. The explosion
text: SPLINTERS the wooden pole - which FALLS, SNAPPING power
text: cables - which drop in the water - ELECTROCUTING the hybrids.
text: Max, Bob and Bree hustle for Will’s facility. Behind them—
text: The live wires WHIP the water. Each time it does, the hybrids
text: CONTORT. And with each LASH of the power line-
scene_heading: I/E. WILL’S CONSCIOUSNESS/WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Will WINCES... and WINCES again. Evelyn watches.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Will points toward the city. Her consciousness FLIES to the
text: BODIES of the hybrids, FLICKERING with light as the power
text: line electrocutes them.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I’m cutting the power.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET — DAY
text: The power line stops SPARKING as the power is cut. The
text: hybrids stop WRITHING and lay there. Lifeless.
dialog: 123.
scene_heading: I/E. WILL'S CONSCIOUSNESS/WILL'S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn keeps her attention on Main Street. We HOVER over the
text: hybrids in this digital/analogue world. The SPARK of their
text: being FLICKERS in and out.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Can they feel anything?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Of course they can.
text: Will concentrates. The shimmering walls of nanotechnology
text: dissolve and flows toward the town. Evelyn looks away. Will
text: watches her, realizing-
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t believe me. Even feeling
dialog: what you’re feeling. Why?
text: Evelyn watches the shining nanotechnology all around them.
text: Her eyes are hard. Disbelieving.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: I know you think I'm a liar. A
dialog: monster. But you're wrong. We
dialog: devoted our lives to technology
dialog: because we were convinced that it
dialog: would help humanity...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why is it growing, exponentially,
dialog: all over the planet? It’s in the
text: air. The rain.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Have you forgotten who I am?
text: Will, gentle, reaches for her. She pulls away.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT‘D)
dialog: Let me show you. Please.
text: She lets him take her hand. Her eyes widen, and we FLASH TO:
text: BILLOWING SMOKESTACKS of MASSIVE FACTORIES: interlaced with
text: the black smoke are the iridescent traces of nanotechnology.
speaker_heading: WILL (V.0.) (CONT'D)
text: The nanotechnology builds itself
dialog: out of pollutants. Their self-
dialog: replication heals the ecosystem.
dialog: 124.
text: WATER WAYS darkened by INDUSTRIAL CHEMICALS teem with
text: nanotechnology. It attacks the toxic waste.
speaker_heading: WILL (V.0O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: They purify water. Clean the air.
text: EVELYN’S AWARENESS MOVES TO: nanotechnology entering vast
text: landscapes of clearcut rainforest. IN TIME LAPSE: We see the
text: process of reforestation so fast it looks like the green of
text: the flora was poured onto the barren land.
speaker_heading: WILL (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: They help facilitate conditions for
dialog: reforestation. In a few years, the
dialog: air will match the atmospheric
dialog: conditions the world had before the
dialog: industrial age. Water will be pure
dialog: enough for a person to drink out of
dialog: any river in the world.
text: ON EVELYN: She looks to Will.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Is that true?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I never wanted to hurt anything.
dialog: Especially you.
text: Evelyn looks down. The iridescent nanotechnology saturates
text: the wound in her abdomen.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why didn’t you tell me this before?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You said you were sick of
dialog: explanations. You said it made you
text: feel like a child. A pet.
text: Evelyn, guilty, has to look away.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT DREAM HOTEL - DAY
text: Bob points to the facility, where the nanotechnology courses
dialog: for them.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We gotta get to higher ground.
text: fhey run for the hotel and race up its external stairs. The
text: nanotechnology flows past them...
dialog: 125.
text: Positioning themselves on the second floor, they watch the
text: graphite stream over the fallen hybrids. One by one, they
text: stand up. They begin moving for the hotel.
text: Max, gripping a stun gun between his restraints, looks below.
text: There are FIFTY hybrids. Nanotechnology swirls at their feet.
text: Bree lobs a grenade. One of the hybrids BATS it away - BAM -
text: the explosion turns a patch of nanotechnology to dust. It’s
text: quickly replaced by more.
text: Checking her bandolier, she finds no more grenades.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: No more EMPs.
text: A hybrid LEAPS up but, before it lands, Bob SLAMS it away
text: with his bat.
text: A hybrid reaches into the graphite and pulls up a SPHERE of
text: nanotechnology. It THROWS the sphere - lightning fast - which
text: CRASHES into Bob, knocking the big man against the wall. The
text: sphere MORPHS - wraps around Bob - and CLAMPS itself to the
text: wall - pinning Bob.
text: Before Max and Bree can even process what happened, another
text: sphere SLAMS Bree against the wall - restraining her.
text: Max grabs the bag of C4. KICKS open a door. Stumbles inside.
scene_heading: I/E. WILL’S CONSCIOUSNESS/WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Will watches as Evelyn averts her eyes.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I‘ve finished uploading your
dialog: consciousness. You're partitioned
dialog: and autonomous.
text: ON WILL: as his attention FLIES, at LIGHT SPEED, to a
dialog: satellite feed of the North East. We FLY toward Boston, into-
text: EVELYN and WILL'S GARDEN: where, in the corner, there is a
text: BLACK PATCH in the light of Will’s network. Similar to the
text: RIFT Camp. Nanotechnology DUST flies into it, settles on a
text: leaf of ivy, where moisture collects it into a bead of water.
text: AT WILL‘'S FACILITY: Evelyn, dizzy, tries to orient herself.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why did you take me there?
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: It's a safe place. It’s home.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I didn't know. You just needed to
dialog: show me. I believe you, now... I
dialog: know it’s you...
text: Will gets a soft smile. They stand there, close.
text: A shadow forms in the light. Evelyn looks down at where they
text: touch. The energy in her arms fills with shadow. A darkness
text: in the light. The virus.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Will, I’ve done something. Please
dialog: let me go.
text: Will looks down and sees the shadows slither into him. Evelyn
text: watches the dull black of the virus begin to overtake his
text: light. It streams out, in tendrils, in all directions...
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Evelyn. What did you do?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m sorry... I didn’t know...
scene_heading: I/E. THE DESERT DREAM HOTEL - DAY
text: Max pulls the bag of C4 with him. The hybrids enter the room.
text: Max scrambles back. Hits a wall. The hybrids surround him.
text: The hybrids, as if hearing a silent alarm, stop. They go
text: tense. Max looks down at his restraints. Small FISSURES form
text: in the graphite. The restraints begin to CRUMBLE. He pulls
text: his arms apart. Free.
text: The hybrids begin to STUMBLE. Max stands. One by one, the
text: hybrids fall. Nanotechnology begins seeping out of them.
text: Max pushes outside, where-
text: Bob and Bree pull free of the CRUMBLING nanotechnology.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The virus. It's working.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Let's blow shit up.
text: The three race for the facility.
dialog: 127.
scene_heading: I/E. WILL’S CONSCIOUSNESS/WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn sees more of the blackness coursing out of her and
text: into Will. The virus fills him. He looks at her, anguished.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I can feel it. Infecting
dialog: everything...
text: Frantic, she grabs him tighter. As she does, more of the
text: darkness floods into him.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Max, Bree and Bob sprint through the facility. All around
text: them, the nanotechnology CHURNS in a frenzy. It crystalizes
text: and fragments into dust. They enter the processor building.
scene_heading: INT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Max tosses Bob bricks of C4. Bob sets them. Bree follows,
text: rolling trigger wire and plugging in detonators.
text: Max glances at the walls - FLASHING with Will’s thoughts - he
text: slows as he realizes most of the images are of Evelyn.
scene_heading: I/E, WILL’S CONSCIOUSNESS/WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn watches the shadows of the virus dim everything in
text: Will. Everything in her. She winces in pain. She looks down
text: and finds her wound has turned black.
speaker_heading: WILL
text: The nanotechnology is dying.
dialog: Without it, I can’t heal you.
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS LOCATIONS ON THE BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: Joseph KICKS his way out of the cube. Stands. Makes his way
text: down the hill. All around him, Militants and Soldiers escape
text: from their nanotechnology restraints. Stephens breaks free
text: from the graphite cocoon.
speaker_heading: STEPHENS
dialog: Get to the facility!
text: Everyone starts making their way through town.
text: All over the battlefield, the hybrids lay still. Graphite
text: streams out of them, and dies.
dialog: 128.
text: They are left in the condition they were in before being
text: augmented with nanotechnology. Human and vulnerable.
scene_heading: I/E. WILL'S CONSCIOUSNESS/WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn's WRACKED by another pain. Will reaches toward her
text: wound. The blackness streams out of her. Her wound starts
text: streaming blood again. Will, weeping graphite, calls to-
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Max!
scene_heading: INT, WILL‘S FACILITY - DAY
text: As Max sets the last of the explosives, Will’s avatar fills
text: the walls. There’s STATIC. Will’s image FLICKERS in and out.
speaker_heading: WILL'S AVATAR
dialog: Max! Help me! She’s dying! I can’t
dialog: save her!
text: Max slows. Unsure.
speaker_heading: WILL‘S AVATAR (CONT’D)
dialog: You have to help her! Please!
text: Bree, seeing Max standing there, grabs him and shakes him.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Don't listen!
text: Bob pulls Max as Bree runs the trigger wire outside.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Max, Bree and Bob take cover. Bob readies the detonator.
text: Will’s avatar fills the wall of the building. Max can’t
text: ignore the sheer panic and anguish in Will’s plea-
speaker_heading: WILL’S AVATAR
dialog: Max! You promised me you would
dialog: protect her!
text: Max goes absolutely still. Max squints at Will’s avatar in
text: the walls, like he can barely recognize-
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: e+. Will?
dialog: 129.
text: Bob presses the detonator. The building QUAKES with internal
text: explosions. The ceiling collapses. The walls cave in. Will's
text: facility turns into a mess of fire, smoke, and debris.
scene_heading: I/E. WILL’S CONSCIOUSNESS/WILL'S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn, dying, watches as the last of Will‘s light is snuffed
text: out by the virus. He looks at her. Gentle.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You are my life.
text: A DARK SHOCK-WAVE blasts out of him, Everything bright in
text: this world goes dark. The blackness radiates over the valley
text: and beyond. A black void. A silent nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANET EARTH
text: We fly into the dark side of the planet. Below us, we see the
text: glimmering of artificial light over the major cities of the
text: world. One by one, they all go black. The world is plunged
text: into darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY
text: Evelyn's eyes open. She’s back in her body. Blood pours out
text: of her wound. She’s holding Will’s hand. His body bleeds
text: nanotechnology. His eyes open slightly.
text: Hands GRABS her, Turn her. Check her vitals. It’s Max, trying
text: to save her life. When he sees her wound, he slows.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Max, I’m staying with him.
text: She turns back to Will. They make eye contact. The life
text: fading from them, they try to cherish every detail before...
text: They die. Hands intertwined. Their still, lifeless eyes
text: starting into each other.
text: Max, staring at them through his tears, doesn’t look away.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIGHTWOOD STREETS - DAY
text: Joseph and Stephens, walking toward the facility, look around
text: at their troops. They’re battered and bruised, but they’re
text: all standing. They’re all alive.
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: My God. He didn’t kill any of us.
text: Even the hybrids are alive. All of them. They've reverted
text: back to their original states. Roger is paralyzed. Paul
dialog: cannot see.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT VALLEY - DAY
text: The town is silent. The ruins of Will’s facility smolder. The
text: sea of nanotechnology has turned to dust. The desert breeze
text: blows through, carrying it away...
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DATA CENTER, BOSTON - DAY
text: An endless row of computer servers stand lifeless and dark.
text: Illuminated only by a long row of skylights above. There is
text: no power. Two men walk through. Max, in dirty jeans and a
text: stained coat. Joseph is ungroomed. They take in the dark
text: building, still as a tomb.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: How is it out there? Have you found
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No. Nothing. I heard Tokyo has
dialog: power. Berlin, too. But they're
dialog: just rumors.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Nobody's connected?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No. No phone. No internet. No
dialog: power. Nothing.
text: They walk in silence, both lost in thought. Max takes in the
text: lifeless machines all around them.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You know we're rebuilding the same
dialog: system?
text: Max goes silent. They move to the exit, guarded by SOLDIERS
text: with assault rifles.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me know what you find.
dialog: 131.
text: Max walks away. Joseph moves back into the facility.
scene_heading: INT. LOOTED TOWNHOUSE - DAY
text: Max takes in the abandoned home. Water stains. Debris. Piled
text: mattresses suggest squatters have come and gone. The
text: floorboards were scavenged for firewood - the charred
text: evidence is in the fireplace.
text: In the center of the room is a pile of discarded cell phones,
text: laptops, and tablet machines. Max grabs one of the phones.
text: He leans against a wall. He slides into a crouch. He turns
text: the phone over in his hand. It’s dead.
text: His breathing quickens as he fights back emotion. Wrapping
text: his arms around his knees, he waits for the sensation to
text: pass. He sits there. Alone.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Outside, the rain has stopped. The day brightens. Max looks
text: to the rear of the house. Something arrests his attention. He
text: makes his way through the 19th century townhouse.
scene_heading: INT. DATA CENTER ~- DAY
text: Joseph, walking through the long row of machines, slows.
text: Stops. Looks up at a lifeless server.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN — DAY
text: Max steps into the garden, which is lush and full of life.
text: Ivy covers the walls. Flowers of every shape and color. The
dialog: garden contrasts everything we’ve seen of this world.
text: In a corner rests a set of vintage garden furniture. A small
text: table, two chairs. Dark, lightly rusted metal. Max stares at
text: the empty seats.
text: Water from the recent rains drips in a PERCUSSION. As it does-
text: A calmness comes over Max. His attention settles on a leaf of
text: ivy, where moisture collects into a bead of water.
text: He studies the shimmering drop of liquid. As he stares,
text: something new emerges in his eyes... Recognition.
text: THE END.
dialog: 
