dialog: 
dialog: S. S. Wilson & Brent Maddock's "Tremors"
scene_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL USE ONLY
scene_heading: BENEATH PERFECTION
dialog: Written by
dialog: S. S. Wilson & Brent Maddock
speaker_heading: WD6
speaker_heading: 6/21/88
scene_heading: 1 EXT. DESERT VALLEY - DAY 1
text: The high desert -- absolutely silent -- a vast, hard land-
text: scape stretching away to distant mountains. The silence is
text: broken by hoof-beats.
scene_heading: 2 EXT. EDGAR'S PLACE - DAY 2
text: It's a simple cabin dwarfed by a big, ramshackle barn. EDGAR
text: DEEMS (60s), a weathered desert rat of a hermit, is walking
text: his donkey around in circles.
text: Now, rattling toward them down an endless dirt road, comes an
text: old, sun-bleached Buick. It stops and out leans OLD FRED
text: (70s) wearing a sweat-stained fedora. The two friends nod.
speaker_heading: OLD FRED
dialog: How's she doing?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: She wants to lay down. I'm a
dialog: little worried.
text: Old Fred climbs out with a bushel basket of carrots.
speaker_heading: OLD FRED
dialog: Well, I brung her something I know
dialog: she likes.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Damn, Fred, you can't give away all
dialog: those.
speaker_heading: OLD FRED
dialog: Forget it. I got vegetables coming
dialog: out my ears. Usually the varmints
dialog: eat up half my crop, but lately I
dialog: ain't so much as seen a gopher or a
dialog: jack-rabbit nowheres.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: If that ain't the truth. And I
dialog: count on them for a little bit of
dialog: stew meat...Thank you, Fred.
text: Edgar takes the carrots and feeds one to the donkey.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (cont'd)
dialog: Here you go, Justine. Look what
dialog: Fred brought you.
speaker_heading: OLD FRED
dialog: We playing cards tonight?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I think I'm gonna be sitting up
dialog: with her.
speaker_heading: OLD FRED
dialog: I'd do the same. Well, catch you
dialog: Thursday.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: You bet.
text: The men nod, and Old Fred drives off.
text: CLOSE-UP of the donkey's hooves thumping along as Edgar leads
text: her to the barn.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (cont'd)
dialog: Let's get you out of the sun for a
dialog: spell.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (cont'd)
dialog: I'll get you some fresh water.
text: But, suddenly, we hear the donkey restlessly stomping its
text: hooves and braying. Edgar turns, concerned. Now we hear an
text: odd sound. Distant thunder? The wind? The donkey gets more
text: and more frantic.
text: The barn shudders violently. Frightened birds explode from
text: the eaves. Dust puffs from every old seam. Roof shingles
text: rain down. Edgar stares in amazement.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (cont'd)
dialog: ...some kind of earthquake!?
text: Then another sound -- the donkey starts screeching in wild
dialog: panic.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (cont'd)
dialog: Justine, hang on! I'm coming!
text: Edgar races back to the barn and flings open the doors.
scene_heading: 3 INT. EDGAR'S BARN - DAY 3
text: Dust swirls through the air. But -- the barn in empty. No
text: donkey. Now Edgar is hit by a ghastly stench. He staggers
text: back, and covers his nose with a handkerchief. Then he sees,
text: splattered across the walls -- blood!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: What in the name of Jehovah...?
text: He raises his arms above the door frame. When he lowers them
text: he's holding a 12 gauge shotgun. He races outside, ready to
text: shoot, but there's nothing -- as far as the eye can see.
scene_heading: 4 EXT. CLIFFS - DAWN 4
text: The sun lights up spectacular sheer cliffs which plunge 1000
text: feet from a ruggedly beautiful high-desert plateau. At the
text: top of the cliffs, silhouetted against the dawn, a lone cow-
text: boy seems to gaze in deep contemplation at the sunrise. As
text: we MOVE IN, we realize he's actually peeing over the cliff.
text: This is VALENTINE MCKEE (25). Smart and good looking, Val
dialog: has nevertheless managed to underachieve brilliantly. He
text: coasts through life, following the path of least resistance
dialog: -- which has brought him to this dubious rustic existence on
dialog: the edge of civilization. But lately he's beginning to
dialog: wonder why he hasn't accomplished more in his 25 years.
text: As a few sleepy cows gaze at him, sleepy Val shuffles over to
text: his battered old pickup truck. A hand-painted sign on the
text: door reads: "V & E -- All Type's of Job's." Indeed, the
text: pick-up bed is jumbled with tools and supplies for every
text: conceivable odd job -- and the noisily snoring form of his
text: partner huddled in a dirty sleeping bag. Val raps on the
text: side of the truck.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Bassett, this is
dialog: your wake-up call. Please move
dialog: your fat ass.
text: No response from the sleeping bag. Val stares at the cows
text: chewing their cud -- and perks up as he gets an idea. He
text: gently steps onto the truck's running board, then suddenly
text: starts jumping up and down as hard as he can, rocking the
text: truck violently.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
text: STAMPEDE! EARL, GET OUT OF THE
dialog: WAY!
text: The sleeping bag tries to get up and run for it. It tumbles
text: out of the back of the pickup. While Val laughs uproar-
text: iously, EARL BASSET (43) claws his way out of the bag, looks
text: around wildly, and finds himself staring at three motionless
dialog: cows.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You dumb shit.
dialog: Earl is a good-ol' boy who has lived his life just like Val,
text: drifting from job to job. He knows why he hasn't accom-
dialog: plished anything, and often tries to impart his hard-won
dialog: wisdom to Val, but the last thing the younger man wants is
dialog: advice.
text: Earl stretches. The men begin a silent ritual: Earl gropes
text: through his pockets for a cigarette, but only finds a
text: lighter. Meanwhile, Val digs in his pockets, coming up with
text: cigarettes, but no lighter. Typical of these two, each guy
dialog: always has half of what he needs. Eventually they sort it
text: out, trading the necessary implements.
text: Earl reaches for a coffee-pot on a battered Coleman stove on
text: the tailgate. But it's cold.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You didn't cook breakfast?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Did it yesterday. Franks and
dialog: beans.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (tries to recall)
dialog: No...it was eggs. I did eggs.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Hell you did. Your turn.
text: Earl raises his fist. This is The Challenge, and it instantly
text: triggers the partners' conflict-resolution technique. They
dialog: solve all disputes using the children's game of "scissors,
text: rock, paper." Earl raises his fist in response. The game is
text: played swiftly and silently -- one, two, three. On three,
text: Val mimes "paper" (open hand. Earl mimes "scissors" (two
text: extended fingers). Scissors cuts paper. Val has lost. He
text: shrugs and starts pumping up the stove fuel tank.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: Well, when I'm your age I'll
dialog: probably forget what I eat, too.
scene_heading: 4A EXT. DESERT VALLEY - FENCE - DAY 4A
text: Val and Earl are restringing a dilapidated, and seemingly
text: endless, barbed wire fence. A few bored cows watch them.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: How many cows does it take to make
dialog: a stampede? Is it like three or
dialog: more? Is there a minimum speed?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I was in one. A bolt of lightning
text: blew up cottonwood tree. Three
dialog: hundred head going hell-bent for
dialog: the horizon. Wasn't so damn funny,
dialog: I can tell you.
text: Earl's hand slips and the fence snags him right through his
text: thick glove.
speaker_heading: EARL (cont'd)
dialog: Ow! God damn! Is this a job for
dialog: intelligent men?!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: If there was one nearby I'd
dialog: probably ask him.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I keep thinking, if we were but
dialog: half serious about money, we should
dialog: quit being hired hands and...
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (mock serious)
dialog: Handymen, Earl. We're handymen.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Whatever the hell we are, we should
dialog: quit and go get ourselves some real
dialog: employment.
text: Val gestures to the vastness around them.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: What, and give up all this personal
dialog: freedom?
scene_heading: 5 EXT. JEEP TRAIL - DAY 5
text: Val guides the truck down a tortuous, rocky, almost impas-
text: sable trail. It takes full concentration as he fights the
text: steering wheel, shifts, rides the brake and leans out trying
text: to pick a decent route. Earl braces his feet on the dash and
text: munches breakfast, a raw hot dog right out of the package.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Goddamn jeep trail gets worse every
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Has a lot of rain.
text: Earl pulls a box of Hershey bars from under the seat. There's
text: only one bar left. He sets the box down between them. Val
text: glances at it -- and raises his fist: The Challenge. One,
dialog: two, three. Val mimes "paper;" Earl mimes "rock." Earl
text: loses. Val takes the bar.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (pointing ahead)
dialog: You're gonna get us hung up.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Do not talk to the driver.
text: THWONK! The truck lurches to a stop, its frame caught on a
text: big rock. Val glares at Earl.
scene_heading: 6 EXT. DESERT INTERSECTION - PICK-UP TRUCK - DAY 6
text: The pick-up turns from a dirt road onto an old paved road.
speaker_heading: VAL (V.O.)
dialog: What do we have next?
scene_heading: 7 INT. PICK-UP - MOVING - DAY 7
text: Earl consults a crumpled list pulled from inside his hat.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Uh...Digging that waterhole for
dialog: Nestor.
speaker_heading: VAL
text: Burt and Heather's place is closer.
dialog: Let's do their kitchen today. Do
text: Nestor tomorrow.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Nestor's out of town tomorrow. We
dialog: don't dig today. We don't get paid
dialog: today. Damn it, Valentine, you
dialog: never plan ahead. You never take
dialog: the long view. Hell, here it is
dialog: Monday and I'm already working on
dialog: Wednesday.
text: (squints dubiously at
dialog: his schedule)
dialog: It is Monday, right?
text: But Val is peering at the desert up ahead. Off the road a
text: ways is a small Toyota pick-up truck and, beside it, a lone
text: figure trying to flag them down.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Who the hell's that? That's not
dialog: what's his name...the grad student?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Nah, it's September. Must be the
dialog: new one.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: The new one! That's supposed to be
dialog: a girl!
text: Earl braces himself, knowing what Val will do. Val swerves
text: the truck wildly off the road, barreling across the desert.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: (almost praying)
dialog: You will have long blonde hair, big
text: green eyes, nice full breasts that
dialog: stand up and say hello, ass that
dialog: won't quit. And legs, legs that go
dialog: all the way up!
text: Earl shakes his head, mildly bemused as they slide to a stop
text: in a cloud of dust.
scene_heading: 8 EXT. DESERT - RHONDA'S TRUCK - DAY 8
text: Val looks out hopefully. The dust clears. He sees her --
text: RHONDA LeBECK, (25). Val's eyes do an expert vertical scan:
text: short brown hair, small brown eyes, so-so chest, legs hidden
text: in baggy dungarees.
text: Laden with a portable computer, notebooks, and some
text: seismograph printouts, she stares at him through tilted
text: glasses. Her little pick-up truck is loaded with geology
text: field equipment. She shakes Val's hand firmly.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Hi, I'm Rhonda. Rhonda LeBeck.
dialog: I'm up here for the semester...
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Yeah, geography.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Right, geology. And you have to be
dialog: Val and Earl. I've heard all about
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: We deny everything.
text: Rhonda smiles.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Listen, got a question for you. Do
dialog: you know if anybody is doing any
dialog: blasting or drilling or anything
dialog: like that?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Around here? Why would they?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Well, I'm supposed monitor these
dialog: seismographs. You know, they
dialog: measure vibrations...
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Yeah, vibrations in the ground.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Yeah, well, I'm getting what I
dialog: refer to scientifically as "weird
dialog: vibes." every sensor I've got is
dialog: giving me strange readings. I
dialog: mean, the school has had these
dialog: machines up here three years and
dialog: they've never recorded anything
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Well, we'll ask around. Let you
dialog: know if we hear of anything.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Thanks. God, I hope they're not
dialog: screwed up. I might have to bag
dialog: the whole semester. Anyway, sorry
dialog: to bother you.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: No problem. Nice meeting you.
dialog: Hope you get it sorted out.
text: Rhonda unhappily turns back to her equipment as Val and Earl
dialog: drive off.
scene_heading: 9 INT. PICK-UP TRUCK - MOVING - DAY 9
text: Earl glances over at Val with a gleam in his eye.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You know, if you wanted, we could
dialog: take a look at those seismographs
dialog: for her.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: What the hell do we know about
dialog: seismographs?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Nothing. But it sure might be a
dialog: nice way of getting to know her.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Goddamnit, Valentine, you won't go
dialog: for any gal unless she fits that
dialog: damn list of yours A to Z...
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Well, sure.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: ...And is dumber than my hind end.
dialog: Like that Bobby Lynn Dexter...
text: Val flips down the truck's sunvisor. Tapes to it are snap-
text: shots of nearly identical blonde bimbos. Val points to one.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: Tammy Lynn Baxter.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Don't matter. They're all the
dialog: same: dead weight. Can't make a
dialog: decision, can't walk because of
dialog: their shoes, can't work because of
dialog: their fingernails. Make my skin
dialog: crawl!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Well, I'm a victim of circumstance.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I thought you called it your
dialog: pecker. Look, don't make the
dialog: mistake I made. Twenty years of
dialog: looking for a woman exactly like
dialog: Miss October 1968, and where'd it
dialog: get me? Here with you.
text: Val rolls his eyes -- "Give me a break."
scene_heading: 10 EXT. PERFECTION - ESTABLISH - DAY 10
text: The pick-up rattles toward a tiny, utterly isolated high
text: desert hamlet -- a few dozen houses and mobile homes fighting
text: for shade in the vast landscape. Its most prominent feature
text: is an aging wood-frame water tower, perhaps 25 feet high,
text: near the center of town. A sign PANS into view --
scene_heading: "PERFECTION -- Pop. 14."
scene_heading: 11 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 11
text: Val and Earl head past the water tower for Pham Van's General
text: Store, Perfection's main gossip stop and only business. The
text: store's sign, in English and Vietnamese, reads: "Groceries,
dialog: Haircuts, Post Office, Town Hall, VIDEOS!" Val and Earl park
text: next to a camouflage-painted, large-tired Blazer.
text: Just then they spot MELVIN, the town's surly teen-aged pain-
text: in-the-ass, coming toward them, mindlessly bouncing a
text: basketball off the hoods of parked cars. As he nears their
dialog: truck:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Melvin, touch that truck and die.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Oh, man, I'm really shaking.
text: But he steers clear of their truck.
scene_heading: 12 INT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 12
text: Inside, the energetic Vietnamese owner, PHAM VAN, presides
dialog: over his all-purpose establishment: part general store, part
dialog: barber shop, part saloon.
text: At the bar are BURT GUMMER and his wife HEATHER, two no-
text: nonsense survivalists who have settled in Perfection to await
text: the coming apocalypse -- a nice enough couple, but there's a
text: hint of paranoia around the edges. Burt is shoving a box of
text: cartridges across to Pham.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: No, Pham, they're not hollow
dialog: points. I ordered hollow points
dialog: and that's what I want.
text: When Val and Earl enter, Pham automatically pops the tops on
text: two cold beers and has them in place before the cowboys reach
text: the bar. Everyone exchanged nods.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Hi, guys, what you been up to?
speaker_heading: VAL
text: Ran into the new college student,
dialog: Rona.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Rhonda. Rhonda LeBeck. She's
dialog: getting some kind of strange
text: readings on her things.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Damn, you know, those kids turn up
dialog: oil or uranium or something out
dialog: there...next thing the Feds will be
dialog: at our door. "Sorry, time to move.
dialog: Eminent domain."
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Down, honey, down.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Yeah, Burt. The way you worry,
dialog: you're gonna have a heart attack
dialog: before you get to survive World War
dialog: III.
text: Heather and Pham laugh. Burt smiles patiently. Just then
text: the compressor in Pham's ice cream freezer comes on. It's a
text: loud chug-chug-chug sound mixed with a high-pitched squeal.
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: Hey Val, listen. Bearing going
dialog: out, you think?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Could be.
text: He starts toward the compressor, but Earl heads him off.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Catch it later, Pham. Gotta get
text: over to Nestor's.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Right. We plan ahead. That way we
dialog: don't do anything right now. Earl
dialog: explained it to me.
text: As they turn to go, Val does a take, amazed, as he spots a
text: decorative bleached-out cattle skull displayed on the counter
dialog: -- with a $29.95 price tag.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: Hey, Pham Van, what the hell is
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: A beauty, isn't it? We bought three
dialog: of them for the rec room.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (whispers to Pham Van)
dialog: We sell 'em to you for three bucks
dialog: a piece!
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: And I appreciate it.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (playfully)
dialog: You don't get it, Pham. The idea
dialog: was: we were ripping you off.
text: Suddenly a car alarm blares from outside. Burt's out the
text: door in a flash. The others follow.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 13
text: Burt races out and shouts at Melvin who back guiltily away
text: from Burt's camouflage Blazer.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Melvin, you little pain-in-the-ass!
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: It wasn't me, man! Your truck's
dialog: just screwed up, that's all.
text: Burt angrily switches off the alarm. Val and Earl laugh as
text: they climb into their truck.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Why don't his parents ever take him
dialog: to Vegas with them?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You gotta ask that?
scene_heading: 14 EXT. PIT - DAY 14
text: At one end of town, Earl maneuvers a huge bulldozer with a
text: scoop-loader blade through a choking cloud of dust, scouring
text: out a shallow pit to serve as a watering hole. Val sights
text: down a row of stakes which mark one end of the pit. The job
text: is done. He signals Earl to cut the engine. Both men have
text: kerchiefs covering their faces and are totally encrusted with
dialog: dust.
scene_heading: 15 ANGLE - TRUCK TRAILER - DAY 15
text: Nearby is an old battered truck trailer -- the massive, solid
text: steel kind used for heavy rock hauling. Tires flat, mired in
dialog: dried mud and weeds, it hasn't been used in years. Now it
text: provides welcome shade as the men sit sipping some coffee.
text: NESTOR CUNNINGHAM drives up, surveying the pit with approval.
speaker_heading: NESTOR
dialog: It came out great, boys. Should
dialog: fill up just fine come the next
dialog: rain. Lemme have your bill.
text: Earl and Val start fishing in their pockets for pen and
text: paper. Earl comes up with various pieces of paper, Val with
text: three or four pens. It's a moment before they realize each
text: has the other needed implement. Earl writes out the bill
dialog: during:
speaker_heading: NESTOR (cont'd)
dialog: I'll have to send it to you the
dialog: first of the month, boys.
text: Val and Earl exchange pained looks.
speaker_heading: NESTOR (cont'd)
dialog: Now, you know I'm good for it.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Yeah, Nestor, we know. Don't worry
dialog: about it. Catch us when you can.
text: They amble over to their truck. Earl takes the driver's side
text: -- and starts fishing in his pockets for the key.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: Are we too easy-going?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: No, we're not too easy-going. This
dialog: area is economically depressed.
text: Val realizes he has the key and hands it over.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: So what if we just did it...today.
dialog: Pack up. Drive straight down to
dialog: Bixby. Get serious.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: We could. We could. But we'd have
dialog: to get really serious. It's gonna
dialog: cost twice as much to rent a place.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: So? That car wash pays good, and
dialog: they're always looking.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Car wash?! That's got no future.
dialog: If we're gonna take the plunge we
dialog: oughta have a better plan than
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Yeah, sure. Go ahead and plan
dialog: it...for a year or two.
scene_heading: 16 EXT. VIOLA'S PLACE - DAY 16
text: CLOSE ON a stencilled sign: PHAM VAN'S U-RENT -- CESSPOOL,
text: SEPTIC TANKS. PULL OUT to see Val and Earl have rented a
text: portable septic pump (perhaps trailer mounted). The aged
text: machine reeks of and drips with its ignoble cargo. The
text: intake hose has been repaired so often it looks to be more
text: tape than hose. Grimacing Val threads the slimy hose down
text: through the open top of Viola's cesspool.
text: Beside them is Viola's well-kept mobile home on a low hill
text: not far from Pham Van's store. Well-kept flower gardens
text: surround the place. VIOLA, a sweet little old lady, watches
text: the men work while straining to hold the leash of her tiny
text: but ferocious dog. The dog yaps continuously, lunging at
dialog: Val and Earl.
speaker_heading: VIOLA
dialog: Stop it! Stop it, you horrid
dialog: animal!
dialog: (to Val and Earl)
dialog: I'm going to give her back to my
dialog: son. I swear it.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Hey, Viola, you've got my
dialog: permission.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: God almighty, my mama sure didn't
dialog: raise me for this.
text: Val gets up and starts the pump's gas engine.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Well, you're the one won't work in
dialog: the car wash. You're the one's
dialog: gotta have a plan.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Damn it, Val! Not having a plan is
dialog: what keeps us doing jobs like this!
text: Earl angrily throws the pump valve and starts the pump
text: mechanism. He and Val on stand either side of the intake
text: hose as it gurgles happily.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: What keeps us doing jobs like this
dialog: is you dragging your feet. I was
dialog: up for going to Bixby. I was
text: getting excited.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: In the past year I must've said a
dialog: hundred times "We gotta get out of
dialog: Perfection. We gotta better
dialog: ourselves." You gonna stand there
dialog: in broad daylight and tell me you
dialog: think I'm the reason we're still
dialog: here? You want to know how close I
dialog: am to going to Bixby right now?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: I'll call that little bluff. How
dialog: close?
text: POW! GOOOOSH! The gurgling intake hose ruptures, showering
dialog: them with -- well you know. They react as if they'd been
text: shot; gagging, staggering, screaming obscenities.
scene_heading: 17 EXT. VAL AND EARL'S TRAILER - DAY 17
text: Val and Earl's beat-up mobile home is just down the street
text: from Pham Van's store. Val and Earl, now in cleaner clothes,
text: march out resolutely. Val has a portable TV in one hand and
text: a framed COORS beer sign in the other. Earl unhooks the
text: clothes line and dumps it, clothes and all, into the back of
text: their truck, on top of the rest of their belongings.
text: They stare at each other for a moment. This is it. No going
text: back. They leap into the truck. As they drive off, Val leans
text: out and yanks their wooden nameplate ("E. Basset -- V. McKee")
text: off the mailbox.
scene_heading: 18 EXT. NANCY'S HOUSE - DAY 18
text: They haven't gone fifty yards when they spot NANCY STERNGOOD
text: (40s) working in front of her house. The guys pull their
text: hats low over their faces. Earl swerves to the far side of
dialog: the street.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Uh oh, it's Nancy. She wants
text: another load of firewood.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Forget it, man. It's not worth it.
text: Nancy spots them and beckons excitedly.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: She's got us. Now, listen, the
dialog: plan is: we have done our last job
dialog: in Perfection.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: That's the plan.
text: They stop beside Nancy. While they talk, Nancy's daughter,
text: MINDY (9), comes bouncing along on her pogo-stick, listening
text: to her Walkman and slowly circling the truck.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Mindy, honey, don't pogo in the
dialog: street. Hey, guys, I've got a job
dialog: for you...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Sorry, Nancy. We ain't doing odd
dialog: jobs anymore. We're headed for
dialog: Bixby permanent.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: Oh, sure...
dialog: (sees stuff in back of
dialog: truck)
dialog: ...My God, you really are!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Yep, we're relocating to an area
dialog: with a greater economic base.
dialog: (to Mindy, over her music)
dialog: Hey, Mindy, what's the count?
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Six hundred three, six hundred
dialog: four, six hundred five...
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Go for it!
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Gee, guys. I made the big
dialog: decision. I'm putting in that
dialog: satellite dish. I was going to
dialog: offer you five hundred dollars.
text: Val and Earl glance at each other -- five hundred dollars!
scene_heading: 19 EXT. DESERT ROAD - PICK-UP TRUCK - DAY 19
text: The truck roars toward the "Leaving Perfection" sign. Val
text: and Earl are elated, downright giddy.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: We did it! We faced temptation and
dialog: we did not bend!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Damn straight! Now there's nothing
dialog: between us and Bixby but nothing!
text: They zoom past the sign.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: Last time we'll see that sign!
text: They laugh, then are thrown half out of their seats as Earl
text: accidentally hits a big pothole.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Last time we hit that goddamn
dialog: pothole!
scene_heading: 20 EXT. DESERT - WIDE - DAY 20
text: As the truck streaks across the landscape. Val and Earl
text: merrily continue their good-byes to whatever is visible.
speaker_heading: VAL (V.O.)
dialog: So long, cactus!
speaker_heading: EARL (V.O.)
dialog: Adios, bridge!
scene_heading: 21 EXT. CANYON ROAD - DAY 21
text: On its way down from the high desert, the lonely road now
text: winds through a twisting, narrow canyon. A county highway
text: maintenance truck is parked to one side and two road workers,
text: CARMINE and HOWARD, repair a slide-damaged section of the
text: road, Carmine breaking up asphalt with a jackhammer. Val and
text: Earl pull up, hand them each a beer, and speed away, shouting:
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Last time down this damn twisty
dialog: road!
scene_heading: 22 EXT. SHACK - DAY 22
text: The pick-up speeds past a small shack. Val and Earl
text: automatically roll up their windows. In a moment we see why:
text: a monster, ferocious dog comes galloping out to chase their
text: truck. Earl gives the dog the finger.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Last chance, asshole. Run, run...!
scene_heading: 23 EXT. OLD FRED'S PLACE - DAY 23
text: Old Fred latches the gate on his corral filled with sheep.
text: He looks up as Val and Earl's truck speeds past. Val and Earl
text: honk their horn and wave happily. Old Fred waves back.
scene_heading: 24 EXT. ROAD - ELECTRICAL TOWERS - DAY 24
text: The pick-up zooms along, the road now paralleling a line of
text: tall high-tension electrical towers.
scene_heading: 25 INT./EXT. PICK-UP TRUCK - MOVING - DAY 25
text: The guys have calmed down, but each is still dreaming of a
dialog: new life.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Okay, here's the plan. We bust our
text: tails in the car wash six months...
dialog: well, maybe nine...and we don't
dialog: spend a dime, you know? And then
dialog: we go for it...down payment on a
dialog: tow-truck or a back-hoe or
dialog: something, right? Start a real
dialog: business. We can start looking for
dialog: something today, tonight!
text: Val points up ahead -- a man is sitting near the top of a
text: distant electrical tower.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Jeez, look at that guy.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: One job I'd never take is working
dialog: around electricity.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Especially when it's two hundred
text: feet off the ground.
text: But as the pass the tower:
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: Hey, hold up...That's Edgar Deems!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You're full of shit.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: He's only got one damn jacket.
dialog: That's him, I'm telling you.
scene_heading: 26 EXT. ELECTRICAL TOWER - DAY 26
text: Earl pulls over. They climb out and peer up at the tower.
text: Edgar is hard to see through the criss-crossing girders.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Man, oh, man. He must've really
dialog: been drunk this time.
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Edgar! What the hell you doing?
dialog: Get on down from there!
text: Edgar doesn't move. Val and Earl shift about uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Well, shit, we can't leave him up
dialog: there.
text: They stare at each other. Someone's got to climb up. Val
text: raises his fist in The Challenge. Their fingers fly. Rock
text: breaks scissors. Val loses.
text: Valentine unhappily climbs the tall tower while Earl watches
dialog: from below.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: Hey, Edgar, don't you move. I'm
dialog: coming to get you...You damn fool,
dialog: you owe me on this one...
text: Higher and higher Val climbs. He tries not to look down.
text: He's approaching Edgar from below and behind. As he gets
text: nearer he begins to notice forboding details: one of Edgar's
text: shoes is missing, half the trouser led is torn off.. Edgar is
text: strapped to a girder by his belt, his shotgun gripped in his
text: hands. A swarm of flies buzzes away.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: What the hell...
text: He edges around to where he can see Edgar's face -- the
text: eyes are wide open, staring. He's dead.
scene_heading: 27 EXT. OLD FRED'S PLACE - DAY 27
text: Old Fred is now hoeing his garden. He glances up as Val and
text: Earl's pick-up roars back toward Perfection.
scene_heading: 28 EXT. JIM AND MEGAN'S HOUSE - DAY 28
text: A big station wagon is parked between a small mobile home and
text: a half-finished house being built by JIM and MEGAN WALLACE,
text: an out-going, energetic older couple. Lumber, cinder blocks,
text: and tools are scattered around the yard.
text: Jim examines Edgar's body in the bed of Val and Earl's pick-
text: up truck. Val, Earl and Megan talk in subdued tones.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Real sorry to bother you, Megan,
dialog: but we figured since Jim's a doctor...
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: No, it's fine. You did the right
dialog: thing. When Jim is done we'll call
text: the Coroner's office in Bixby.
dialog: We'll take care of it.
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: Poor Edgar.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (tries to break the mood)
dialog: Well, I see you got all the
text: wallboard up.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: That was easy. You two did the
dialog: hard part. Sure sorry you're
dialog: leaving.
text: Jim climbs out of the pick-up.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Was is a heart attack?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (shaking his head)
text: He died of dehydration. Thirst.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: But that doesn't make sense. That
dialog: takes a couple of days, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Three or four even.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You mean he sat up there three or
dialog: four days? Just sat there till he
dialog: died of thirst?
text: Jim shrugs. Everyone is mystified.
scene_heading: 29 EXT. OLD FRED'S PLACE - DAY 29
text: Fred is still hoeing. In the nearby pen his sheep start
text: acting restless. He eyes them. What's up? We hear a
text: strange muffled sound. Unseen, behind him, at the far end of
text: the garden, his scarecrow mysteriously tilts.
text: Old Fred keeps hoeing. He stops, his foot is caught in the
text: dirt. Suddenly he is yanked knee-deep into the ground!
scene_heading: 30 EXT. CANYON ROAD - DAY 30
text: Val and Earl's truck, again headed for Bixby, and going way
text: too fast, zooms past the two workers still repairing the
text: road. The workers glance up, annoyed.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. SHACK - DAY 31
text: Val and Earl, sobered and deep in thought, drive past the
text: shack where the ferocious dog lives. They automatically roll
dialog: up their windows during:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Reckon he hated Perfection more
dialog: than us? You suppose he wanted to
dialog: kill himself?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: If he did, why didn't he use his
dialog: damn shotgun?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Maybe he just couldn't pull the
dialog: trigger...
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Oh sure, he figured it was easier
dialog: to die of thirst? Come on,
dialog: sombody must've chased him up
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Oh, you mean somebody who ain't
text: scared of a twelve gauge shotgun.
dialog: And then what did they do? Camp
dialog: out down below and just wait for
dialog: him to die?
text: Val has no answer. It's too weird.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Well, whatever the hell happened
dialog: it's just one more goddamn good
dialog: reason to haul ass out of this
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You got that right.
text: They are passing the shack. Earl suddenly realizes:
speaker_heading: EARL (cont'd)
dialog: Hey, where the hell's that asshole
dialog: dog?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (looking around)
text: Probably up a pole starving itself
dialog: to death.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Okay, the plan is: pedal to the
dialog: metal the whole way. We don't stop
dialog: till we hit the carwash, not even
dialog: to pee.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: I'll go with that plan.
scene_heading: 32 EXT. OLD FRED'S PLACE - DAY 32
text: CLOSE ON the pick-up's tires skidding to a stop. PULL OUT to
dialog: see we're back at Old Fred's.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Earl is staring wide-eyed. Val follows Earl's gaze and is
text: aghast when he sees --
text: The sheep pen -- it's a ghastly, bloody mess. Scattered on
text: the churned up ground a few dismembered sheep legs and heads
text: are all that remain of the flock.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: What the hell...?
text: Val and Earl leap out of the truck to investigate.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Hey, Old Fred! Fred! Where are
dialog: you?!
text: Earl dashes into Fred's house. Val checks around outside.
text: Earl comes back out.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Not here.
text: Then they spot something lying in the middle of the garden --
text: Old Fred's hat.
text: Still looking all around, Val squats distractedly to pick up
text: the hat. He and Earl stumble backward in shock.
text: OLD FRED IS STILL WEARING HIS HAT!! His mangled face stares
text: up at them, eyes and mouth frozen open in a death grimace.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Oh, Jesus!!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: What the hell is going on? I mean
text: WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?!!
scene_heading: 33 EXT. CANYON ROAD - DAY 33
text: Carmine and Howard continue repairing the road, Carmine still
text: using the noisy jackhammer. Val and Earl drive up.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You guys better get the hell outta
dialog: here! We got a killer on the loose!
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: What?
text: Carmine stops jackhammering to listen.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: A murderer, man! A real psycho.
dialog: He's cutting people's heads off!
dialog: I'm serious! I'd high-tail for
dialog: town if I was you!
text: Val and Earl speed away.
speaker_heading: CARMINE
text: They're drunk.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Yeah...
text: But he edges over to the truck and takes out a heavy steel
dialog: pry-bar to keep within easy reach.
text: Carmine goes back to work, pounding the asphalt with the
text: jackhammer. Suddenly the blade strikes something beneath the
text: road, something soft. We hear a strange, unearthly shriek
text: from underground. A weird orange goo gushes up around the
text: blade. Then the jackhammer takes off by itself like a
text: harpoon stuck in a whale! Carmine gets tangled in the jack-
text: hammer's air-hose and is dragged along, shouting for help.
text: Howard chases him down the embankment and into the scrub-
text: brush. He hears Carmine screaming.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Carmine! What the hell is it?!
dialog: Where are you?
text: But now there is only silence. Howard crashes through the
text: brush. All he finds is the torn end of the air-hose -- which
text: suddenly sucks down into the ground. He's momentarily
text: staggered by an awful smell, but forces himself to keep
text: looking. He lets the pry-bar drag on the ground. Then
text: something -- it looks like a mouth or a horrid beak -- shoots
text: out of the ground and grips the pry-bar with uncanny
text: strength! Howard drops his weapon and scrambles madly away.
text: He clambers back onto the road. But almost immediately
text: cracks form in the pavement around him. More beak-things
text: break through the asphalt between him and his truck.
text: He dashes across the road, scrambling up the embankment. He
text: clings precariously to a tree root, looking down -- where'd
text: they go? Suddenly the dirt around him begins to "bubble."
text: Several hungry beaks break through and grab him, yanking him
text: head first into the embankment. Then the embankment gives
text: way, crashing down onto the road, taking with it a nearby
text: telephone pole and snapping the lines.
scene_heading: 34 INT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 34
text: Pham Van is talking to MIGUEL, a local rancher. They both
text: jump as the doors burst open. Val and Earl race in, trailed
text: by Nestor and Melvin. Val heads for the payphone during:
speaker_heading: NESTOR
dialog: His head? You mean just his head?
text: Val grabs the phone and digs in his pocket for change.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Yeah, really sick, man. Sweet Old
dialog: Fred.
text: Earl comes up with change and hands it to Val, who dials.
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: Something happen to Fred?
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: (ignoring Pham)
dialog: Are you serious, man? They killed
dialog: him just to take his sheep?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: He didn't have nothing else to
dialog: steal. Neither did Edgar.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: What happened to Edgar?
text: Val stares at the phone.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: I don't believe this. The phone is
dialog: out! Pham, your phone is out!
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: I didn't do it! What's going on?
text: Val and Earl rush out.
scene_heading: 35 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 35
text: Trailed by the others Val and Earl march out and leap into
text: their truck , Val driving now. He searches for the key.
speaker_heading: NESTOR
dialog: We've gotta get the police up here.
dialog: You guys gotta step on it to Bixby.
text: Earl hands Val the key.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Consider it stepped on.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. CANYON ROAD - DAY 36
text: Again the pick-up barrels through the canyon.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Brother, we decided to leave this
dialog: place just one day too late, you
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Well, there's sure as hell nothing
dialog: to stop us now. Everybody we know
dialog: between here and Bixby is already
dialog: dead.
text: Earl points ahead and screams:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: LOOK OUT!!
text: Val brings the truck to a squealing stop. Ahead: the
text: collapsed embankment completely blocks the road. It's
text: totally impassable. The cowboys are dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Is some higher force at work, here?
dialog: Are we asking too much of life?
text: But Val is in no mood for philosophy. He leaps out and peers
text: into the highway maintenance truck which sits undisturbed,
text: emergency lights still flashing. There's nobody in it. He
text: starts looking around.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Those assholes are supposed to be
dialog: fixing the goddamn road!
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Hey! Where are you guys? People
dialog: gotta use this road, you know!
dialog: You on a booze break or what?!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (whispers; urgently pointing)
dialog: Val! Val!
text: Val looks where he's pointing -- Howard's bloodstained
text: hardhat lies at the edge of the landslide. Val gets the
text: point. Looking around for the unknown assailant, he eases
text: back into the truck. Earl already has a pistol in his lap
text: and is digging through the glove compartment.
speaker_heading: EARL (cont'd)
dialog: Where are the bullets? Don't we
dialog: have any goddamn bullets?
text: Val quickly jockeys the truck to turn it around on the narrow
text: road. But as he backs into the hillside, we hear a strange
text: grating clunk from underneath. When he tries to pull
text: forward, the truck won't move. The engine stalls.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Jesus! I don't believe this!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You're hung up again.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: I am not!
text: They both lean out. The rear tires are clear. Val restarts
text: the truck and tries to pull forward, rocking the truck
text: against some unseen pull. Smoke wells up from the clutch.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You're hung up I tell you. You're
dialog: gonna burn the clutch.
text: Val slams the truck into low-range four-wheel-drive and revs
text: it. The tires dig in, fighting for traction -- and suddenly
text: the truck lurches free. We hear an eerie shriek mingled with
text: gear and engine noise as Val angrily roars away.
speaker_heading: EARL (cont'd)
dialog: Jesus, you can break an axle like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Fuck you!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Hey, I don't want spend the night
dialog: out here!
scene_heading: 37 EXT. PHAN VAM'S STORE - DAY 37
text: The word has spread. Everybody in town is gathered at Pham
text: Van's. They rush out to meet Val and Earl as they drive up.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What the hell you doing back
dialog: already?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: You're never going to believe this,
dialog: but the canyon road...we were on it
dialog: not two hours ago...well, it's
dialog: completely...
text: But he stops because they're all staring wide-eyed at the
text: rear of the truck.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: My God...!
text: Val and Earl jump out and look where everyone else is
text: looking. Their jaws drop. REVEAL: hanging from the rear
text: axle of their truck and trailing out behind like a nightmare
text: wedding decoration -- a sex foot long, grotesque, fleshy,
text: tentacle. The end gripping the axle looks like a vicious,
text: razor-sharp beak or hook. The trailing end is mutilated,
text: oozing orange goo -- as though the creature was torn in half.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Unreal! Where'd you get it?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Uh...didn't know we had it...
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: It's disgusting.
speaker_heading: VIOLA
dialog: Looks like...and eel.
speaker_heading: NESTOR
dialog: Naw...eels live in water.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: So...it's some kind of snake?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Or a big mother slug maybe?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Some kind of mutation...?
text: Burt, more daring than the others, pries the thing off the
text: axle with a shovel.
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: Don't touch, don't touch.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: It's dead all right. Tore the damn
dialog: thing in half.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: It must've grabbed us. That's why
text: the truck stalled-out.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (suddenly indignant)
dialog: Yeah! Next time I tell you I'm not
dialog: hung up...!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Stalled out your truck? Have to be
dialog: one strong son of a bitch.
text: Pham Van leaps over them.
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: I give you boys five dollars for
dialog: it.
text: Val and Earl square their shoulders. This time they're ready
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Twenty.
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: Okay, ten dollars.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Fifteen.
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: Okay, fifteen.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Damn right fifteen.
text: Burt is deep in thought.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Just one of these couldn't eat up
text: off a whole flock of sheep.
dialog: There's gotta be more out there, a
dialog: lot more.
text: A cold chill spreads through the group. They stare out at
text: the vast, forbidding desert. They suddenly feel alone --
dialog: very alone.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. DESERT - DAY 38
text: CLOSE on Rhonda's hat lying on the ground. We think the
text: worst. Then she reaches in, picks it up and puts it on.
text: REVEAL she's in a lonely corner of the valley working with a
text: seismograph. She pounds a marking stake into the dirt.
scene_heading: 39 INSERT - CLOSE ON SEISMOGRAPH 39
text: The needle responds to each blow on the stake. We hear
text: Rhonda stop pounding. The needle stops. All is silent --
dialog: but the needle starts moving again!"
dialog: 40 BACK TO SCENE 40
text: LOW CAMERA is MOVING in Rhonda's general direction. She
text: starts to pound another stake. CAMERA REACTS so it is moving
text: straight toward her. As it passes a burrow, a rabbit
text: suddenly scouts out. CAMERA WHIP PANS to watch the rabbit
text: scamper into the distance, then TURNS BACK to move toward
text: Rhonda, who still pounding her stake.
text: CAMERA passes Rhonda's seismograph. The machine tilts
text: slightly as the ground bulges up beneath it.
text: Rhonda finishes pounding. She heads for her truck, noisily
text: tossing in her tools and slamming the tailgate. CAMERA
text: CLOSES IN on her, faster and faster. It is right on her
text: heels as she climbs into the cab!
scene_heading: 41 ANGLE - RHONDA'S TRUCK 41
text: A beak-thing thrusts out of the ground, groping where
text: Rhonda's boot just was. Rhonda drives off, unknowingly
text: running right over the thing. We hear a shriek of pain as
text: the tentacle writhes and sucks back under the ground.
scene_heading: 42 INT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - NIGHT 42
text: Mindy Sterngood poses cautiously with the bizarre hook
text: tentacle. A camera FLASHES and we REVEAL Pham Van taking
text: her photo beside a sign: "Photographs -- You and the Snake
dialog: Monster -- $2.00." Viola and Miguel, wait in line.
text: We now see the store is crowded with concerned townsfolk
text: debating what to do, and how to protect themselves. Val and
text: Earl sit on the sidelines, sipping beer, gazing in awe at
dialog: enterprising Phan Vam:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Slick as snot and I'm not lying.
speaker_heading: VAL
text: Fifteen lousy bucks.
speaker_heading: EARL
text: A man who plans ahead.
text: Dominating the discussion are Burt and Heather now armed with
text: scoped, magnum hunting rifles. Heather stands guard at a
text: window, peering out into the night.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (to group)
dialog: ...Look, we organize, we arm
dialog: ourselves. We go out, we find
dialog: those damn snake things, we make
dialog: 'em extinct.
speaker_heading: NESTOR
dialog: Come on, Burt, we don't even know
dialog: what they are.
speaker_heading: VIOLA
dialog: Might be aliens. Who knows?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Why go looking for trouble?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Miguel, the trouble's come to us.
dialog: If we're not ready...
speaker_heading: HEATHER
text: Phone's out. Road's out. We're on
dialog: our own.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: And you two just love it, don't you?
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Come on, Nancy, don't let's get
dialog: personal. We need to do something.
text: Burt steps over to a faded topographic map on the wall and
dialog: points out details during:
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Damn right. You folks gotta
dialog: analyze the situation. With that
dialog: road out we're completely cut off.
dialog: Got the cliffs to the north,
dialog: mountains east and west. That's
dialog: why Heather and me settled here in
dialog: the first place, geographic
dialog: isolation.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Well...there must be dome way to
dialog: get help.
speaker_heading: VIOLA
dialog: Yes, that's what I say.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: How, for chrissake? You gonna walk
dialog: thirty-eight miles to Bixby?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Hey, what about Pham Van's saddle
dialog: horses?
text: All heads turn toward Pham Van.
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: You're welcome to them. Does
dialog: anybody know how to ride?
text: All heads turn toward Val and Earl.
scene_heading: 43 EXT. JIM AND MEGANS'S HOUSE - ESTABLISH - NIGHT 43
text: In the vast desert night a single floodlight illuminates Jim
text: and Megan's partially finished house. Their station wagon is
text: parked out front. A country and western tune drifts to us
dialog: from it's radio.
text: As we MOVE CLOSER, we see the floodlight is powered by a
text: small, softly purring generator set maybe fifty feet away.
text: Jim and Megan, both exhausted, unload a big stack of roofing
text: shingles from their station wagon. Jim starts to lift a
text: package of shingles but gives up and sits on the tailgate.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm dead. Let's finish in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: We have to go into Bixby in the
dialog: morning.
dialog: (grins devilishly)
text: The concrete blocks are in.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The con...! Oh my God.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Just keep looking at that beautiful
dialog: sky.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: That's the sky that's going to be
dialog: over our roof every night, when
dialog: we're done.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (joking)
dialog: Ah, but consider this, if we don't
dialog: finish the roof, we can looks at
dialog: that sky all the time.
text: Just then the whirring of the generator becomes strangely
text: muffled. The floodlight flickers. Now the generator dies.
text: Darkness engulfs them. The car radio music drones on
text: incongruously.
speaker_heading: JIM (cont'd)
dialog: Damn that thing!
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: We could always buy a new
dialog: generator.
text: Jim digs out a powerful flashlight and heads over toward the
text: generator. Megan lies back, taking a welcome breather.
dialog: After a moment:
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Well, what's wrong with it?
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: It's...gone...!
speaker_heading: 44 ANGLE - JIM 44
text: Baffled, he sweeps the whole area with the flashlight. Megan
text: joins him.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: You sure this is where it was?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Am I sure?!
dialog: (points with flashlight)
dialog: It was right there. There's the
dialog: cord.
text: The severed electric cable stops at the edge of a cone-shaped
text: depression in the dirt where the generator sat. He hands her
text: the flashlight and kneels. We watch tensely as he probes the
text: loose earth with his hands.
speaker_heading: JIM (cont'd)
dialog: Maybe the ground caved in. There's
dialog: a lot of old mines and stuff around
dialog: here.
text: Megan grabs his shirt, trying to pull him back.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Well don't then! You don't want to
dialog: fall in.
text: Suddenly, about ten feet away -- WHOOMP!! The generator
text: shoots up out of the ground! Jim and Megan dive for cover as
text: it sails through the air, and crashes to earth. They stare,
text: transfixed. The generator is dented and bent almost beyond
text: recognition -- and covered with oozing slime.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What the...?
text: But Megan is all action. She yanks him back.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Come on. Get away from it!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: God, what a stink!
text: We again hear that mysterious rumbling sound. Jim stops,
text: sweeping the flashlight around them.
speaker_heading: JIM (cont'd)
dialog: Hear that?
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Never mind! Let's go! Let's just
dialog: go into town or something! Jim,
dialog: please!
text: She hustles him bodily toward the car during:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You know, I bet it's geological or
dialog: something, like natural gas, or a
dialog: geyser. They stink like that.
dialog: Remember in Yellowstone...?
text: Suddenly he drops knee-deep into ground! Megan is thrown
text: off balance and tumbles to one side. The flashlight falls,
text: lighting them at an eerie low angle.
speaker_heading: JIM (cont'd)
dialog: Something's got me!!
text: We hear sickening CRUNCHES from below the earth. He SCREAMS
text: in excruciating agony.
speaker_heading: JIM (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, God! Get me Out!! GET ME OUT!!
text: He struggles wildly, but just sinks further down! Megan
text: slides a 2X4 over to Jim. He grabs it like a drowning man,
text: trying to keep himself from being pulled down. But he's
dialog: pulled with suck power the 2X4 snaps!
text: His head is going under. Megan desperately tries to dig the
text: smothering earth away, but she's losing. Now only his arms
text: are above ground. She pulls with all her might, but he sinks
text: inexorably down, down. She's pulled flat on the ground.
text: He's gone.
text: The next instant, a vicious hook-tentacle erupts through the
text: earth, missing Megan's face by inches. She scrambles back
dialog: frantically.
scene_heading: 45 ANGLE - STATION WAGON 45
text: LOW CAMERA pursues Megan toward the car, just missing her as
text: she dives in through the open tailgate. She slams it after
text: her. The talons rake across the car, scratching the glass.
text: Megan tumbles into the front seat. Thank God the keys are in
text: the ignition. She starts the engine. But outside the "snake
text: things" attack the car in a frenzy, slashing blindly. A rear
text: tire is totally shredded just as:
text: Megan floors it. The car lurches forward but the mutilated
text: tire falls apart. The wheel rim digs into the loose earth
text: and the car is stuck. With no other recourse, Megan locks
text: the door, rolls up the windows and cowers in the middle of
text: the car, panting, sobbing. The radio is still playing a
text: happy cowboy tune. She peeks out. They gave up? She's
dialog: safe? Nothing happens for a moment, then --
text: The car starts to shake and shudder! Dust wells up around the
dialog: windows.
text: Outside we see a bizarre sight. The earth around the rear of
text: the car is "boiling," dirt flying in all directions -- and
text: the car starts to sink into the ground!!
text: Megan wildly honks the horn! The car looks just like a ship
text: going down by the stern, hood tilting up gracefully. The
text: back windows shatter, dirt pouring in! Megan smashes the
text: windshield with a small fire extinguisher and scrambles out
text: on the hood. But there's no hope. The car keeps sinking,
text: titling now almost ninety degrees, forcing her onto a
text: precarious perch on the grille -- sinking, sinking.
text: Out of her mind with terror, she keeps softly murmuring the
dialog: same hopeless phrases:
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Stop it! Stop it! Somebody stop it...!
scene_heading: 46 EXT. DESERT - JIM AND MEGAN'S HOUSE - VERY WIDE - NIGHT 46
text: The headlights are two ironic beacons sending their beams
text: skyward through the roiling dust into the night sky. The
text: sound of the radio becomes muffled. The headlights sink from
text: view -- and then Megan's scream floats across the desert.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAWN 47
text: Out front of Pham Van's, nervous Val and Earl saddle up the
text: horses while Pham loads their saddle bags with food. Every-
text: one has gathered to see them off. There's an air of tension.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (eyeing the horses)
dialog: Pham, we don't want to be stuck on
dialog: a couple of canners. They better
dialog: be fast.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Relax. A snake thing like that
dialog: couldn't move too quick.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Screw you. For all you know they
dialog: could fly.
text: Earl pulls their old Smith and Wesson revolver and battered
text: Winchester rifle out of the pick-up truck.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You want the rifle or the Smith?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (definite)
dialog: The rifle.
text: So does Earl. He raises his hand. They swiftly do a round
text: of scissors-rock-paper. Earl loses. He hands Val the rifle.
text: Just then, Burt and Heather pull up in their Blazer, climbing
text: out with their hunting rifles.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: You guys all set?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Ready as we'll ever be.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Heather and I are going to drive
dialog: around a little, see if we can find
dialog: that college girl and tell her to
dialog: get her ass back into town.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Good idea. And we'll swing by the
dialog: doctor's place. They were going to
dialog: go into Bixby but we don't know if
dialog: they left before the road was out.
text: Val and Earl mount up.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Hold on. You guys oughta take
dialog: something that packs more punch
dialog: than that thirty-thirty. Take one
dialog: of our Browning autos, or even my
dialog: model seventy...
dialog: (offers her hunting rifle)
dialog: It's three-seventy-five H and H
dialog: mag.
text: Earl takes the awesome-looking gun with a smug glance at Val.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Gee...thanks, Heather. Hope we
dialog: don't need it.
text: Heather unhooks a box of cartridges from her belt and hands
text: it to Earl. Suddenly there's a blood-curdling SCREAM! The
text: door to Pham Van's flies open. Out staggers Melvin, wrapped
text: in Pham Van's hook-tentacle, writhing in apparent agony.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
text: IT'S GOT ME! IT's GOT ME! AAAAHGH!
text: People scatter like sheep. Burt and Heather have guns
text: trained on him in an instant. Then everyone realizes it's a
text: sick joke. Melvin collapses with laughter. Burt is livid.
text: He almost shot Melvin. He charges over and yanks the kid to
text: his feet, screaming:
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: You stupid punk! You came that
dialog: close, that close!!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: One of these days, Melvin,
dialog: somebody's gonna kick your ass.
text: Pham rushes over and grabs his precious tentacle. As people
text: calm down, Val and Earl gaze nervously at the vast desert
text: before them.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Well...you fellas watch yourselves.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Come back with the Sheriff.
speaker_heading: NESTOR
dialog: Sheriff, like hell. Come back with
dialog: the National Guard.
text: They ride out to an adlib chorus: "Keep your heads down;"
dialog: "Go careful, boys;" "Keep a sharp lookout;" etc.
scene_heading: 48 EXT. DESERT - DAY 48
text: Val and Earl ride along, very tiny in the vast, lonely
text: landscape, and very on edge. Constantly looking all around.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You know, we can't possibly make
text: Bixby by nightfall.
text: Val doesn't want to hear it.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: That means we're gonna be out here,
dialog: like, in the dark.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (resentfully)
dialog: Great. Thank you.
text: Faint Country and Western radio music drifts to them.
text: They're nearing Jim and Megan's house.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. JIM AND MEGAN'S HOUSE - DAY 49
text: Val knocks on the door to the mobile home.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Hey, doctor, anybody here?
text: No answer. He opens the door and peers inside. Behind him
text: Earl steps out of the half-finished house and shrugs. Nobody
text: around. Wind rustles the plastic sheeting over the windows.
text: Strangely they can still hear the muffled radio clearly.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (spooked)
dialog: Oh, man, I hate this shit.
text: They walk briskly to their horses. Earl snatches Heather's
text: rifle from its saddle scabbard. Val pulls out the
text: Winchester. Earl tries to reassure himself.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Car's gone. We just missed them,
dialog: that's all.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Then where's the goddamn Conway
dialog: Twitty coming from?
text: They focus on the sound and walk gingerly toward it, keeping
text: constant watch in every direction. The ground here is all
text: torn up like the sheep pen -- and the music is coming from
dialog: underneath! What the hell is going on?
text: Val scrapes at the dirt with his boot -- and finds the
text: headlight of Jim and Megan's station wagon, still on, glaring
text: up at him. He drops down and wildly sweeps away more dirt,
text: revealing more of the car's grille and hood -- and blood -
text: soaked dirt which sticks to his hand. He leaps away,
text: frantically rubbing the blood off on his pants.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, man...oh, man...
scene_heading: 50 EXT. DESERT - CONCRETE DITCH - DAY 50
text: Val and Earl are riding at full gallop. They race alongside
text: a concrete-lined flood-control ditch and veer off to follow a
text: barbed wire fence which crosses the ditch.
scene_heading: 51 EXT. DESERT - BARBED WIRE FENCE - DAY 51
text: They ride along the fence during:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Here's the plan...We don't even
dialog: stop. Ride like hell. Tonight we
dialog: keep right on going. We'll walk
dialog: the horses.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: That is the plan...I mean, goddamn
dialog: it! What the hell are those
dialog: things? How could they bury an
dialog: entire Plymouth station wagon?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Why would they do it?
text: Suddenly the horses stop short. In a frenzy they wheel
text: around, rear up, refusing to go on. The cowboys fight to
dialog: control them.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: I knew it! Pham Van wouldn't know
dialog: a decent horse if...!
text: But Earl's already drawing his rifle.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Shut up! They got wind of
dialog: something they don't like!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Oh shit!
text: He draws his rifle. They look wildly in all directions at
text: once -- but there's nothing, only empty desert.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: But I don't see anything!
text: They keep staring. The horses keep pacing nervously. Then
text: -- Earl's horse rears wildly and falls! Earl goes flying.
text: Val wheels around wildly, dismounts and runs to Earl, who's
text: bruised and winded but basically unhurt. They think Earl's
text: horse just tripped.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: Hey, you okay? You okay?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Yeah...yeah.
dialog: (turning to the horse)
dialog: What about the hor...?
text: Their eyes bulge. Several "snake things" have engulfed the
text: horse's head, sucking, crushing, slurping. Val's horse goes
text: berserk and gallops for the horizon.
speaker_heading: EARL (cont'd)
dialog: What in the name...?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: That's how they get you! They're
dialog: under the goddamn ground!
text: Suddenly they realize what that means -- the thing could
text: come up under them!! The cowboys scramble frantically away.
text: But nothing pursues them. They pause, glancing back
dialog: nervously.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: What the hell are they?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Sons of bitches!
text: Val raises his rifle and takes a well-aimed shot, hitting one
text: of them. Orange goo spurts out. We hear a deafening shriek
text: as all the "snake things" instantly zip back underground.
text: Then -- A HUGE MOUND OF EARTH RISES UP UNDER VAL AND EARL!!
text: The cowboys tumble down its side, Val losing his rifle. They
text: roll over and stare dumbfounded at the mound.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: (gasps)
dialog: There must be a million of them!!
text: The mound of earth turns toward them. The ground splits open
text: and out rises -- a huge head!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (awestruck)
dialog: Nope...just one.
text: The monster is a horrendous thirty-foot long eating machine!
text: Its head is eyeless, utterly alien, covered with tough boney
text: plates which close together to form a cork-screw point.
text: The cowboys stumble back toward the fence in speechless
text: terror. The creature slides toward them, pushing through the
text: earth like a whale through water. Now it opens its mouth --
text: but it's like a grotesque flower, boney plates spreading open
text: like petals, revealing a huge, slimy, fleshy, oozing orifice!
text: And inside the mouth, a ghastly multi-tentacled tongue!
dialog: These are the "snake things," not snakes at all but actually
text: the horrid hook-tentacles that can shoot out six feet to snag
dialog: their prey!
text: The monster snorts and snuffs, throwing up plumes of dust,
text: sounding like a horrendous pig. It sinks into the earth and
text: charges! We see the hump of earth move toward them faster
text: and faster but then it disappears as the creature goes deeper.
text: Val and Earl leap sideways and run along the fence. The
text: creature goes straight and slams into a fencepost from below.
text: All we see is the fencepost knocked at a crazy angle.
text: The cowboys keep running. The creature regroups and charges
text: after them, hitting each fencepost in turn, sending weird
text: sinuous shock waves along the barbed wire, making almost
text: musical twanging sounds. Val looks back.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: It's gaining on us!!
text: And as if that weren't enough, Earl points to more trouble
dialog: ahead.
scene_heading: 52 EXT. CONCRETE DITCH - DAY 52
text: The fence runs straight to the edge of the ditch, an eight
text: foot wide gap yawning dead ahead. The creature churns like
text: a locomotive from behind. They'll have to try to jump! They
text: strain desperately for every last fraction of speed.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: We can do it, we can do it!
text: They leap and -- they don't do it!! They smack into the
text: opposite side of the ditch, clawing frantically at the lip,
text: only to tumble to its sloping bottom. A split second later
text: the charging creature slams like a wrecking ball into the
text: foot-thick concrete wall! The wall CRACKS AND BULGES OUT! A
text: hook-tentacle flops out through one of the cracks! Terrified
text: Val and Earl scramble away. But the wall holds together.
text: And the, strangely, all is quiet. The tentacle lays dead
text: still. Eventually, the cowering cowboys dare to creep back a
text: little closer, still panting, exhausted, jumpy.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Stupid son of a bitch...knocked
dialog: itself cold.
text: And now orange slime begins to ooze through the cracks in the
dialog: concrete.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Cold, my ass! It's dead! We
dialog: killed the bastard!
text: He suddenly shakes his fist at the dead beast.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: You FUCKER!!
text: They allow themselves a small wheeze of nervous laughter,
text: only to jump like rabbits as some pebbles rattle loudly down
text: the concrete wall behind them. They whirl to see Rhonda, up
text: on the opposite side of the ditch, staring down at them.
text: She's lugging a bunch of her equipment, including a small
text: folding shovel.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Hi, guys, how're you doing? Look,
dialog: can I ask you something? Did you
dialog: just notice something weird?
dialog: Vibrations? You know, some kind of
dialog: earth tremor?
text: Val and Earl look at each other, then burst out laughing.
text: Rhonda spots the cracked wall.
speaker_heading: RHONDA (cont'd)
dialog: What's that?
scene_heading: 53 EXT. CONCRETE DITCH - DAY 53
text: The shattered concrete has been pulled away to fully reveal
text: the creature's horrendous head. Start CLOSE on it: oozing
text: blood, slavering mouth plates hanging open, hook-tentacles
text: lolling out. WIDEN to see Earl and Rhonda, sweating, dusty
text: and tired, staring in awe and cringing at the stench.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Jesus Christ...think it smells like
dialog: that 'cause it's dead?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: I don't see any eyes...must be
dialog: totally subterranean...and those
dialog: tentacles...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I think they shoot right outta its
dialog: mouth, hook you, and pull you right
dialog: in. Good thing we stopped it
dialog: before it killed anybody else.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: (shudders)
dialog: Yeah, I'm lucky it didn't find me.
dialog: (overwhelmed)
dialog: This is important, you know. This
dialog: is like, well, let's say it, it's
dialog: probably the biggest zoological
dialog: discovery of the century. The
dialog: century? Forget it. History.
text: We can hear a shovel digging up above, and now Val shouts:
speaker_heading: VAL (V.O.)
dialog: I got it! Here's the other end!
dialog: Just look at what we caught here!
text: Earl and Rhonda climb up. CRANE UP with them to REVEAL the
text: whole animal! Val, digging excitedly with Rhonda's shovel,
text: is just scraping away the last loose dirt from the creature's
text: tail. The whole length of the immense thirty foot beast is
text: partially uncovered, in king-sized bas-relief.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: This is one big mother!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: So this is the guy that had your
dialog: seismos working overtime?
text: She nods, stepping down to study the creature. The body is
text: stream-lined, cigar-shaped, maybe eight feet in diameter at
text: its thickest. It's covered with hundreds of short, rear-
text: pointing, retractable spikes. Rhonda gingerly jiggles one.
text: It can be pushed in and out of its socket like a plunger.
speaker_heading: RHONDA (cont'd)
dialog: It must push itself along with
text: these. Hundreds of them pushing at
dialog: once. That's how it can move so
dialog: fast. I mean this thing was
text: tripping sensors all over the
dialog: valley. No wonder I couldn't...
text: A chilling thought stops her in mid-sentence. She springs
text: down into the drainage ditch to get her backpack, pulling out
text: her seismograph printouts. She studies them frantically
dialog: during:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Hey, Rhonda, you ever heard of
dialog: anything like this before?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (elbows Earl)
dialog: Sure, Earl, everybody knows about
dialog: them. We just didn't tell you.
dialog: Come on, nobody's ever seen one of
dialog: these! We're really in on
dialog: something here!
text: The guys looks at each other. One thought immediately springs
dialog: to their minds.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Pham Van don't get his mitts on
dialog: this for no measly fifteen bucks!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: You got that right!
text: While they bask in their fame-to-be, Rhonda continues to
text: study the print-outs, coming to a terrifying conclusion.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Here's the plan: we'll get a...a
dialog: flatbed, I guess, with a big winch,
dialog: figure a five ton anyway.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Naw, don't want to winch it. That'd
dialog: tear it all up. Want to lift it.
dialog: Some kind of crane with lifting
dialog: straps.
text: But Rhonda interrupts -- now really scared.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Hey, hey, shut up! The way I
dialog: figure it. There are five more of
dialog: these things!
text: Val and Earl shut right up. Earl edges up a fencepost. Val
text: sidles up onto a rock during:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Five more?
text: Rhonda paws through her unwieldy printouts, pointing out
text: jagged ink lines on the graphs, comparing different ones.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Yeah, darn it, look. I've got
text: seismographs all over the valley.
dialog: If you compare the different
dialog: readings, there have to be five.
dialog: Here's one at two o'clock
dialog: yesterday, but here's another one
text: three miles away at the same time.
dialog: So that's two. Now, here...
text: The men leap from their perches and hustle her in the
dialog: direction she came from.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: We'll take your word for it.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Yeah. Where's your truck?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
text: The other side of that dome.
text: She indicates what to most of us would be a hill, dotted with
text: huge boulders thrusting out of the sandy desert soil like big
text: mushrooms. The trio jogs toward the hill.
scene_heading: 54 EXT. DESERT - SEISMOGRAPH - DAY 54
text: En route to the truck, they pass near one of Rhonda's
text: seismographs. Suddenly Earl stumbles as one leg drops knee-
text: deep into the ground! He screams. Val wheels and bodily
text: yanks him up. They back away from the small hole in the
text: ground, calming a little as they realize:
speaker_heading: EARL
text: Prairie dog burrow...
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Little sons of bitches.
text: Rhonda tenses as she hears a sound she knows well -- the soft
text: scratching of the seismograph needle across its paper
text: cylinder. She whacks Val on the shoulder and points
text: speechlessly at it.
scene_heading: 55 INSERT - SEISMOGRAPH 55
dialog: The needle is going wild!!
scene_heading: 56 BACK TO SCENE 56
text: She doesn't have to explain. All three of them dash dash for:
scene_heading: 57 EXT. BOULDER FIELD - DAY 57
text: The remains of an old rail fence lay beside one of the
text: boulders. Val, Earl, and Rhonda scramble over the wood, up
text: onto the rock and stand there tensely.
text: In a moment, the creature gently rustles the earth at the
text: base of the rock. The monster's slimy hook-tentacles slither
text: out, searching the rock base. Shuddering, the humans move as
text: high as they can, well out of reach. The tentacles slip back
text: beneath the earth. Everyone breathes a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Well, at least the bastard can't
dialog: climb. Pardon my French.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Probably couldn't move too easily
text: on the surface.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: God, the live ones smell worse tan
dialog: the dead ones.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Okay, now, how far's your truck?
text: Rhonda points. They can see the roof of her truck, maybe a
text: hundred yards away through the boulders. Val and Earl think
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: I don't know. If this one's any
dialog: faster than that other one...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I think we wait right here.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 58 EXT. BOULDER FIELD - SUNSET 58
text: It's hours later. Stiff and uncomfortable, they have nothing
dialog: to do but theorize.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: There's nothing like them in the
dialog: fossil record, I'm sure...Okay, so
dialog: they predate the fossil record...
dialog: (not buying it herself)
dialog: That'd make them a couple of
dialog: billion years old...and we've just
dialog: never seen one till now. Right.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I'd vote for outer space. No way
dialog: those are local boys.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (joking)
dialog: Atomic testing. Or, no, bio-
dialog: engineering! The government built
dialog: them, a big surprise in the next
dialog: war.
text: There's a long pause. Earl stares at the dirt around the rock.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Well...haven't seen a sign for
text: hours. Maybe it's long gone.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Maybe it is. Why don't you take a
dialog: little stroll and see?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Fuck you, too. Pardon my French.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Well, we've got to do something.
text: Val gets an idea. He grabs a post from the dilapidated fence
text: and cautiously slips down near the boulder's edge.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Watch yourself! It's got a good
text: six foot reach.
text: Val nods. Dead silence as he reaches way out with the post
text: and scrapes it on the ground. Almost instantly the creature
text: roars up, grabbing the post in a flurry of flying dirt and
text: lashing tentacles, nearly hooking Val's hand. Val
text: practically falls over himself scrambling back to safety.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Son of a bitch!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Son of a goddamned bitch! Been
dialog: waiting there all this time. How
dialog: the hell's it even know we're still
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: It's been listening to us. It's
dialog: got no eyes. It sure as hell can't
dialog: smell anything underground, so I
dialog: figure...
text: Rhonda stares at Val, impressed.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Of course! It can sense the
dialog: slightest seismic vibration...hear
dialog: every move we make. Especially on
dialog: this rock. It's a perfect
dialog: conductor.
text: They all settle back, having no idea what to do next. Rhonda
text: gazes out at the desert that surrounds them like an ocean.
speaker_heading: RHONDA (cont'd)
dialog: I always wanted to be stuck on a
dialog: desert island. But somehow I
dialog: always imagined, you know, water.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 58A EXT. BOULDER FIELD - NIGHT 58A
text: Our heroes are silhouetted against a huge, spectacular,
text: desert night sky. After a very long pause:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You know, I hate to be crude, but
dialog: I'm gonna have to take care of some
dialog: business here.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (emphatic)
dialog: Me, too.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: (just as emphatic)
dialog: Same here.
text: The silhouettes shift, Val and Earl moving down one side of
text: the rock, and Rhonda down the other. We can no longer see
text: them. We just head zippers zipping down -- then soft sighs
text: of relief from Val and Earl. Then:
speaker_heading: RHONDA (V.O.)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Darn it!
speaker_heading: VAL (V.O.)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: RHONDA (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah. But I'll tell you, if you
dialog: ever wanted proof God is a man,
dialog: this is it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 59 EXT. BOULDER FIELD - DAWN 59
text: Rich orange sunlight creeps silently across the deathly still
text: desert. Earl is already awake. Val is curled up without his
text: jacket, shivering. He wakes with a start. Where the hell's
dialog: his jacket?
text: Rhonda wakes slowly. She's surprised to find herself wrapped
text: in Val's jacket. Touched by his chivalry, she embarrassedly
text: hands it to baffled Val.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Thanks.
text: Val glances at Earl, who looks away. Who, me?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (to Rhonda)
dialog: No problem. Anytime.
text: Earl gropes through his pockets, coming up with only
text: cigarettes. Val fishes in his own pockets, finding only
text: their lighter. They exchange items and light up during:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Well, folks, what's the plan?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: First let's see if Stumpy's still
dialog: out there.
text: This time he tosses a piece of wood out onto the sand. With
text: soft rustling, a bulge forms in the earth, moves over to the
text: wood, then subsides. Rhonda starts looking around during:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Don't he have a home to go to?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (grim)
dialog: Well, that's why Edgar never got
dialog: down off that tower.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: I might have an idea...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (ignoring her)
dialog: We're gonna have to come up with
dialog: some kind of plan or it's just
dialog: gonna wait us to death.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Well, I was wondering if we
dialog: could...
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Well, let's just run for it. We
dialog: outran that one yesterday, at least
text: on a sprint.
text: Rhonda gives up on them. She goes over and pulls a long
dialog: cross rail from the fence during:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Run for it? Running's not a plan.
dialog: Running is what you do when the
dialog: plan fails. You're not even trying
dialog: to come up with a plan!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Well, it's not like we've got a
dialog: hell of a lot of options...
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: You guys know how to pole vault?
text: They watch in surprise as she hefts her pole, checks the
text: balance, eyeballs the distance to the nearest boulder. Then
text: she charges between them, plants her pole and vaults smoothly
text: over to the next boulder, maybe fifteen feet away. The
text: creature surfaces where her pole touched down, but too late
text: -- a hook tentacle vainly sweeps the area, the disappears
text: into the ground. Val and Earl glance at each other,
dialog: impressed.
speaker_heading: RHONDA (cont'd)
dialog: We just stay where it can't get
dialog: us...on these residual boulders.
text: My truck's parked right next to
dialog: one.
text: Earl rushes to grab a couple more fence rails.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Stay on those residual boulders!
text: Val just stands staring across at Rhonda -- his horizons are
text: broadening. Earl stuffs a fence rail into his hands.
speaker_heading: EARL (cont'd)
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Tammy Lynn Baxter, she do a lot of
dialog: pole-vaulting?
text: Earl takes a deep breath and goes for it, vaulting across to
text: Rhonda. Val follows.
scene_heading: 60 EXT. BOULDER FIELD - WIDE SHOT - DAY 60
text: Through the shimmering heat in the distance we see the
text: strange sight of the three figures vaulting from boulder to
dialog: boulder.
scene_heading: 61 EXT. BOULDER FIELD - RHONDA'S TRUCK - DAY 61
text: Val, Earl and Rhonda pole-vault their way toward the truck.
text: Finally they're at the nearest boulder, but the truck is
text: still ten feet away.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Think it's still following us?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Let's assume that it is.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: And once we hit that truck we gotta
dialog: go fast. I say we all jump together.
text: Rhonda and Val nod. Rhonda grips her car keys in her teeth.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: (through clenched teeth)
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Yeah. One, two, three...
text: They all vault in unison, landing in the truck bed. Rhonda
text: scrambles up, slides open the cab's rear window, and begins
text: wriggling through headfirst.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Come on, girl, it ain't gonna give
dialog: us much time...
text: Dust explodes around the rear of the truck! Hook-tentacles
text: snake up on all sides, narrowly missing Val. He and Earl
text: grab whatever's handy, pounding at the tentacles with
dialog: expensive instruments.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: GO! GO! GO!
text: Rhonda's only half way through the cab window, still hanging
text: headfirst into the cab. She frantically starts the truck,
text: dives down and punches the accelerator with her fist.
text: As the truck roars away, one tentacles manages to tear off the
text: the muffler. The engine thunders like a tank. Val and Earl
text: sit back, sighing in relief, then react when they see
text: Rhonda is driving upside down and blind.
scene_heading: 62 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 62
text: Rhonda skids her noisy truck to a halt in front of Pham Van's.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: We better get everybody together.
text: Val leaps out and jumps into his pick-up truck. He searches
dialog: for the key.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You go north, I'll go south.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Right.
text: Val holds out his hand for the key. Earl tosses it to him.
text: Val drives off. We FOLLOW Rhonda and Earl as they drive the
text: other way, toward Viola's.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I'll bet you're sorry the college
dialog: ever sent you up here.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Well, I'm scared, but I'm not
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You know, Val went to that college,
dialog: too. For a whole year. Couldn't
dialog: quite sit still for it, though.
dialog: Had too much vinegar in his system.
text: But once he settles down, forgets
dialog: this cowboy stuff, he'll be one in
dialog: a million.
text: Rhonda sees straight through Earl's clumsy attempt at match-
text: making. She can't help but smile. Earl grins sheepishly.
speaker_heading: EARL (cont'd)
dialog: All right, I'm about as subtle as
dialog: a donkey's ass. Pardon my French.
dialog: I'm just saying the boy's got
dialog: potential, that's all.
text: MOVE IN on Rhonda -- her and Val?
scene_heading: 63 INT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 63
text: Nestor, Viola, Nancy, and Miguel nervously crowd around Val,
text: Earl, and Rhonda. Viola holds her yappy dog which perio-
text: dically snarls and snaps at people. Pham Van is on his CB
text: radio trying to contact Burt and Heather.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You serious, Val? You think we're
dialog: not even safe here in town?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Ask me that after you meet one. I
dialog: think we should all get the hell
dialog: out while the getting's good.
speaker_heading: NESTOR
dialog: Why not just take a Number Ten pick
dialog: axe and give it one good whack...?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Nestor, damn it, these things are
dialog: bigger than an Airstream trailer!
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: God, I've got to find Mindy.
text: Nancy rushes out.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Hey, Pham, where's Burt and Heather?
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: (hangs up CB)
dialog: Can't raise them. I guess they're
text: still out there somewhere.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: If you've got a radio, why aren't
dialog: you calling somebody in Bixby? The
dialog: police or...
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: Can't reach outside the valley.
dialog: You know, because of the mountains.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Hey, Rhonda, what's the name you
dialog: call those things, huh?
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: Where'd they come from?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Huh? I don't know.
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: You're a scientist, right?
speaker_heading: VIOLA
dialog: You should have a theory at least.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Look, these things are absolutely
dialog: unprecedented!
speaker_heading: NESTOR
dialog: Yeah, but where'd they come from?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Where'd they come from? Okay,
dialog: worms, probably in the Jurassic
dialog: period. Cosmic radiation was much
dialog: higher then...so they mutated...and
dialog: they got so big they just sank
text: right into the ground and fell
dialog: asleep... But now continental drift
dialog: has brought them to the surface,
dialog: ready to be harvested by the
dialog: ancient alien meat growers who
dialog: planted them here.
text: Everybody stares at her, then they smile, realizing she's
text: pulling their legs.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You're right, don't matter where
dialog: they come from.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Right. We need to be talking about
dialog: what we're gonna do.
speaker_heading: VIOLA
dialog: My goodness, Valentine, once they
text: see the road is out and the phone
dialog: lines are down, someone will be
dialog: along to look in on us. Don't you
dialog: think?
scene_heading: 64 EXT. CANYON ROAD - DAY 64
text: We see the utility truck still parked near the landslide
text: blocking the road. REVEAL, on the far side, a telephone
text: maintenance truck is now parked, emergency lights flashing --
text: and nearby, amid phoneworkers' climbing and repair gear, two
text: more hard hats lying on blood-soaked ground.
scene_heading: 65 INT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 65
text: The crowd is still jabbering away. Rhonda speak over them:
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: No no no, they listen! They can
dialog: sense the slightest vibration
dialog: through the ground. That's how
dialog: they see! That's how they hunt!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: So, like we don't vibrate, right?
dialog: Maybe they won't even come to here,
dialog: huh? Maybe they leave us alone.
text: Val shakes his head, and marches over to the topographic map
text: on the wall.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: They caught up with Edgar here.
dialog: They grabbed Old Fred here. They
dialog: nailed the asshole dog here. And the
dialog: doctor's place is here...
text: The spots he indicates describe a line leading along the
text: valley straight toward town.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: This valley's just one long
dialog: smorgasbord and if we don't haul
dialog: ass outta here we're the next
dialog: course.
text: We hear an a eerie SHRIEK from outside. Something shoots in
text: through the window, striking Earl in the chest!! Earl flails
text: frantically at it -- but it's only Melvin's basketball. We
text: glimpse Melvin outside, doubled over with laughter. Earl
text: grabs the ball and hurls it viciously back, but Melvin easily
text: dodges it.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You little ass wipe! You knock
dialog: that off or you're gonna be
dialog: shitting that basketball! Pardon
dialog: my French.
speaker_heading: NESTOR
dialog: (to Val)
dialog: Now, Val, let's assume they're as
dialog: dangerous as you say. Where are we
dialog: going to go that's safer than right
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Rhonda's got an idea about that.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Yes, see, they move very easily
dialog: through the Pleistocene Alluvials...
dialog: (off their blank looks)
dialog: ...the dirt...the loose soil that
text: makes up the valley floor. But
text: they can't move through solid rock.
dialog: I think we should travel west to
dialog: the mountains.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You know, up the jeep trail.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
text: The mountains are solid granite.
dialog: We'd be safe there, and we could
dialog: hike along them...all the way to
dialog: Bixby if we have to.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. EDGE OF TOWN - DAY 66
text: Nancy rushes back toward Pham Van's, still looking.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Mindy! Mindy!
scene_heading: 67 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 67
text: We're CLOSE on Melvin as he circles around the back of Pham
text: Van's, bouncing his basketball, mischief in his eyes. We can
text: hear the townsfolk inside.
speaker_heading: VIOLA (V.O.)
dialog: No, Valentine, I'm not leaving my
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: VAL (V.O.)
dialog: Well, it's gonna take us days to
dialog: get back with help.
speaker_heading: EARL (V.O.)
dialog: Doggone it, Viola, it's just plain
dialog: crazy to stay.
text: Then, to Melvin's astonishment, the steady rhythm of his
text: bouncing basketball suddenly stops. The ball just goes flup
text: and doesn't bounce back up to him. He looks down. No ball!
text: Just swirling dust at his feet.
scene_heading: 68 INT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 68
text: Everyone jumps as we once more hear an ear-shattering SHRIEK
text: from Melvin. Earl snarls and heads for the door, Val right
text: behind them.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I'm gonna kick his ass!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: I'm gonna help you.
scene_heading: 69 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 69
text: Val and Earl are well ahead of the other townsfolk as they
text: march around to the side of Pham Van's. But where's Melvin?
text: Nothing out here but the oppressive, hot desert silence.
text: Then they hear a soft shuddering whimper -- from above.
text: There's terrified Melvin, halfway up a telephone pole,
text: clinging to it desperately.
text: Val and Earl freeze in their tracks and glance at each
text: other, realizing instantly what's up. Without a word they
text: leap desperately in opposite directions. Like a breaching
text: whale, a creature roars up through the earth right where they
text: were standing, great mouth gaping open, slimy tentacles
text: lashing in all directions.
text: The townsfolk scatter, some heading for their homes,
text: including Viola and Nestor. Others scramble over each other
text: as they pile back into Pham Van's. The telephone pole
text: shudders. Melvin falls and scampers for the nearest hiding
text: place, a corrugated tin storage shed near Pham Van's.
scene_heading: 70 INT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 70
text: Val, Earl, Rhonda, Miguel, and Pham Van rush in.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Jesus Christ! Man, you gut a gun?!
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: Big as a house! What are we gonna
dialog: do...?!
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Quiet! QUIET!!
text: Miguel and Pham shut up. Then we hear something new -- the
text: building itself creaking and groaning like a ship. The
text: liquor bottles behind Pham Van's bar vibrate and clink. The
text: creature is moving beneath the building. The people freeze
text: like mannequins. Now we can hear its pig-like snorting.
text: Pham Van and Miguel react as the awful smell percolates up
text: through the floorboards. Val signals them to keep quiet.
text: Finally, the creaking stops.
text: Rhonda addresses the group in an intense whisper:
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Remember...no noise. No vibration.
text: Everyone stands stock still -- and sweats. But, then, slowly
text: we become aware of a faint, yet oddly familiar sound.
text: Squeak, squeak, squeak -- Mindy on her pogo stick! They all
text: scramble to the windows.
scene_heading: 71 EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY 71
text: There she is, alone in the vacant street, Walkman blaring in
text: her ears, merrily bouncing along to a rock 'n' roll beat.
scene_heading: 72 ANGLE - PHAM VAN'S STORE 72
text: Thoughts of personal safety vanish as the horrified people
text: lean way out the doors and windows and shout with one voice:
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: (ad lib)
speaker_heading: MINDY!
dialog: Get off your pogo stick!
dialog: Get in here, girl!
dialog: Run, Mindy!
scene_heading: 73 ANGLE - MINDY 73
text: She can't hear them over her Walkman. A tell-tale puff of
text: dust spurts up not fifty feet from her!
scene_heading: 74 ANGLE - PHAM VAN'S STORE 74
text: Val sees Mindy has only seconds left! He vaults straight out
text: the window and charges toward her! Right behind him comes
text: Earl and Rhonda.
scene_heading: 75 ANGLE - NANCY 75
text: As she rounds a corner at the opposite end of town. She
text: spots Mindy, then sees Val running. She starts running.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Mindy! Mindy!
scene_heading: 76 ANGLE - MINDY 76
text: She's lazily bouncing in circles -- squeak, squeak, squeak.
text: She goes wide-eyed as she rotates to see Val coming at her
text: like a mad bull, arms outstretched. The asphalt under her
dialog: pogo stick cracks and --
text: Val tackles her, both of them tumbling head over heels. She
text: scrambles up, rubbing her skinned elbow and yelling:
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Oww! Val, you hurt me...!
text: Val claps his hand over her mouth. She goes wide eyed as she
text: sees: her pogo stick standing straight up in the cracked
text: asphalt! Then it is sucked down like so much spaghetti!
text: Nancy rushes into frame, hugging Mindy. Val signals her to
text: be quiet. They sit uneasily. Where's the creature?
text: Suddenly the pogo stick erupts out of the earth right in
dialog: their midst!
text: Val runs one way, Nancy and Mindy the other, heading up the
text: street toward their house. Val scrambles up onto his pick-up
text: truck! The creature rams the truck, rupturing a tire. As it
text: shakes the truck violently, Val spots Rhonda and Earl, now
text: standing uncertainly halfway between him and Pham Van's.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Go back, for chrissake!
text: Rhonda and Earl hesitate.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: We gotta get him off there. It'll
dialog: suck that truck down!
text: But Earl now hears something behind them! Down the street,
text: a little wall of cinder blocks framing Viola's driveway
text: suddenly topples over.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Oh, Jesus. Rhonda, another one!
scene_heading: 77 ANGLE - LOW CAMERA - RHONDA AND EARL 77
text: CAMERA charges toward them. Earl swerves toward Pham Van's,
text: but Rhonda is cut off! She heads toward the next nearest
dialog: haven:
scene_heading: 78 EXT. STORAGE SHED - DAY 78
text: The storage shed where Melvin is hiding. It sits in a
text: vacant, weed-choked lot. Crashing through the weeds, Rhonda
text: has almost reached the shed when she is suddenly brought up
text: short and slams face down in a cloud of dust!
text: She can't get up!! Something's got her! She's caught in an
text: old rusted barbed wire fence, lying almost flat, hidden in
text: the weeds. Some strands have come loose and are curled up
text: like vicious concertina wire.
text: Barely has she taken this in when -- the ground caves in
text: under her! She rolls wildly to one side as hook-tentacles
text: snake up, missing her by inches! She keeps rolling-crawling-
text: scrambling -- anything to get away from the awful maw -- but
text: gets her legs hopelessly tangled in the barbed wire. She
text: freezes. The creature feels around where she was.
text: She calms herself, pulling gingerly at the wire, working
text: tensely to free herself but --
text: The creature's mouth slams shut on the fence. Like a spider
text: sensing something caught in its web, the monster knows it's
text: on to something. Its hook-tentacles shoot forward to snare
text: three feet of fence, then the creature lunges up and out,
text: swallowing that three feet in a big "gulp" and yanking Rhonda
text: violently toward it! She screams, pants ripped, legs slashed
text: and bleeding! GULP! She's dragged even closer.
scene_heading: 79 EXT. MAIN STREET - THE PICK-UP - DAY 79
text: The truck shakes and shimmies as Val's creature tries to pull
text: it down. Val sees that Rhonda's in trouble. He searches
text: frantically for a weapon -- and finds one -- a CHAIN SAW! He
text: leaps as far from the truck as he can and hits the ground
text: running, yanking furiously on the saw's starter cord.
scene_heading: 80 EXT. STORAGE SHED - DAY 80
text: Rhonda is in a dead panic, thrashing helplessly in the barbed
text: wire. The beast takes another gulp of fence, wrenching her
text: within inches of a probing hook-tentacle! Suddenly we hear a
text: nasty ROAR as Val's chain saw swings in, slicing the squirm-
text: ing tentacle in half, spraying gore everywhere! The creature
text: unleashes an unearthly shriek, and the other tentacles
text: recoil. The severed one writhes like a beheaded snake.
text: Val yanks off Rhonda's boots.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Come on! Outta your pants!
text: She frantically claws at her belt. But in mere seconds:
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: LOOK OUT!
text: Tentacles snake out to regain their grip on the fence. Val
text: grabs the saw and starts slashing wildly, but this time the
text: hook-tentacles snag it and wrench it from his grasp. It
text: slams to the ground, motor dying. The monster readies itself
text: for the lunge that will suck Rhonda in. Val grabs her under
text: the arms and pulls. Rhonda wriggles wildly to get out of her
text: wire enmeshed pants.
text: The creature lunges! Rhonda pulls free! She and Val tumble
text: backward. The creature gets only a mouthful of Rhonda's jeans.
text: The next instant the second creature explodes up through the
text: ground right next to fallen Val and Rhonda! They roll
text: sideways, come up running, and sprint for Pham Van's along an
text: old wooden sidewalk.
scene_heading: 81 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 81
text: Earl flings open the front door. Val and Rhonda race toward
text: the porch. Right on their heels the creature ripples the
dialog: boards like an ocean wave!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Come on! Come on! Don't look back!
dialog: Just run! Run like screaming fuck!
text: They dive through the open door of Pham Van's. The rippling
text: boards zoom on past it. Earl quickly eases the door shut.
scene_heading: 82 INT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 82
text: Earl turns to breathless Rhonda.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Pardon my French.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 83 INT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - LATER 83
text: It's a tense, edgy group. Every movement made is in slow
text: motion, every word is a whisper. They gaze grimly out the
text: windows at the silent, deserted, heat-shimmering main street.
text: Val gingerly dabs iodine onto the cuts on Rhonda's legs.
text: She doesn't even wince.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: You paying attention? This oughta
dialog: hurt like hell.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: It does.
text: She smiles at him.
speaker_heading: RHONDA (cont'd)
dialog: So, is that one of your usual jobs,
dialog: saving peoples' lives?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: First time for me.
text: She gazes at him. He looks away. Over at the bar, Pham
text: holds up a new pair of pants for Rhonda.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Oh, thank you.
text: Grateful for something to do, Val eases over to get the
text: pants. Rhonda looks after him. Then she becomes aware of
text: someone staring at her. It's Earl, giving her a big Cheshire
text: cat grin that says "What did I tell you?"
text: Pham hands the pants to Val. Then Pham and Miguel reach
dialog: simultaneously for a sods bottle and -- knock it over! It
text: rolls all the way down the bar as a flurry of desperate hands
text: try to stop it. No good. It rolls off the end and -- CRASH!
text: Everyone freezes. Sure enough the building shudders. Floor
text: boards creak and bend as searching tentacles thump and scrape
text: along under the floor. People close their eyes, not even
text: breathing. Finally the noise subsides. Everyone relaxes --
dialog: a little.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: So what are we gonna do, you know?
dialog: How long till they go away?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: They got the patience of Job. They
dialog: just sit and goddamn wait til they
dialog: hear something that sounds like
dialog: lunch. We need a plan.
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: I've got a plan. You and Val take
dialog: your truck, get to the mountains.
dialog: Hike to Bixby. Get us some help.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Those scumsuckers are my radials,
dialog: Pham!
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Well, we can take my truck then.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: No good. You need major four-
dialog: wheel-drive just to get up that
text: jeep trail.
text: They all shut up when they hear Viola's dog yapping in the
dialog: distance.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. VIOLA'S TRAILER - DAY 84
text: Up the hill across from Pham Van's, the old trailer looks
text: perfectly peaceful. Except Viola's dog keeps yapping. Then
text: we hear panicked Viola.
speaker_heading: VIOLA (V.O.)
dialog: Quiet! Quiet you hateful thing...!
scene_heading: 85 INT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 85
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Shut it up! Shut the little
dialog: bastard up!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Chuck him out the door! Like a
dialog: little hors d'oeuvre.
scene_heading: INT. VIOLA'S TRAILER - DAY
text: We hear a loud whap! The dog's bark simply changes to
dialog: piercing yelps. It would be funny except --
text: The trailer suddenly bucks upward, hit from below as though
text: by a pile driver! Again and again the unseen creatures slam
text: into the frail structure.
speaker_heading: VIOLA (V.O.)
dialog: Get away! Get away! Oh God in
dialog: heaven, help me!
text: The trailer is finally knocked right off its foundation! It
text: tips over and tumbles all the way down the hill! As the dust
text: clears, all is silent. A huge hole is torn in the trailer's
text: floor. Viola's possessions are scattered everywhere.
scene_heading: 86 INT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 86
text: Everyone stares in shock.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Son of a bitchin' lowlife, putrid,
dialog: scum...
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Gotta do something. Gotta get the
dialog: bastards!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (hopeless)
dialog: Man, what the hell can we do to
dialog: those things?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Well, we're sure as hell not going
dialog: to sit here being quiet for God
dialog: knows how long. Are we?
speaker_heading: PHAM VAN
dialog: Now wait a minute, Earl. I got
dialog: enough food here to last us for
dialog: weeks. Those damn things can't
dialog: wait around forever.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We can do it. I mean, if we have
dialog: to, right?
text: Everyone turns away from the windows, gingerly sitting down,
text: glumly pondering this possibility. There is a long silence.
text: Then suddenly -- ROAR! The silence is shattered as Pham
text: Van's big freezer compressor suddenly comes on.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Jesus! Shut it off!
text: Pham runs to the freezer. Its on/off switch is buried behind
text: stacks of soft-drink cases. He tears at them like a madman,
text: toppling them this way and that. Earl and Val join him.
text: But right behind Pham, the floor BUCKLES UP, a monster's
text: snout BURSTING THROUGH and engulfing one of his legs! The
text: creature starts to back down into the jagged hole, dragging
text: screaming Pham with it. Val, Earl, Rhonda, and Miguel grab
text: Pham's arms but are no match for the monster. It shakes and
text: spins him like some gigantic dog, effortlessly throwing them
text: off, relentlessly pulling Pham down.
text: The hole in the floor is too small for Pham to fit through!
text: As one leg goes down, the other is bent hideously backward.
text: Pham screams and screams as jagged wood tears into him, bones
text: snap, ribs crack. The others grab him again but are utterly
text: helpless. With vicious, powerful jerks the creature yanks
text: his man mangled body down. The last thing we see is his foot,
text: now folded back past his head, and he's gone.
text: Val is wild with helpless anger.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Son of a bitch! Son of a bitch!
text: The floor bulges up in another place! A second creature!
text: Then a third, coming RIGHT UP UNDER THEM! Earl sprawls onto
text: the bar. Rhonda springs onto the shelves in the middle of the
text: store, knocking groceries everywhere. Val and Miguel climb up
text: shelves which cover the rear wall of the store.
text: The whole building shakes and shudders, dust powdering down
text: from the ceiling. Flailing tentacles are everywhere,
text: slashing open food packages; clouds of flour fill the air!
text: Val spots a hatch in the ceiling.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Everybody! This way! The roof!
text: Earl leaps from the bar to the rear shelves. Val and Miguel
text: slide sideways till they're beneath the hatch, then use the
text: shelves as a ladder, climbing up to the hatch. Val pounds on
text: it frantically.
text: In the middle of the store, Rhonda leaps from shelf to shelf,
text: trying to get closer to where Val is. Soon she reaches the
text: last one, balancing precariously. But a creature tips over
text: the first one! The shelves topple like dominoes, crashing
text: toward Rhonda. She is half catapulted, half jumps right
text: through an open window, ripping through the screen.
text: Val sees what's happened. With maniacal strength he smashes
text: open the hatch and climbs out onto --
scene_heading: 87 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 87
text: Val rushes to the edge of the roof shouting:
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Rhonda! Keep moving. Don't stop!
text: He looks down where Rhonda fell. She's not there. He hears
text: a whistle and is relieved to see:
scene_heading: 88 EXT. WATER TOWER - DAY 88
text: Rhonda is perched as high as she can get on the water tower
text: near Pham Van's. It's maybe twenty-five feet tall, a simple
text: wood frame holding a big galvanized tank. The wooden legs
text: stand on big concrete anchors buried in the ground.
scene_heading: 89 EXT. STORAGE SHED - DAY 89
text: Melvin peers terrified out the shed door, up at the guys on
text: Pham Van's roof.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Hey! What's going on, man?! What
dialog: the hell you doing up there...?!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Melvin, shut the hell up!
text: It's too late. Wham! A creature strikes. The little shed
text: shudders, dust puffing from every old seam. In a split
text: second Melvin has climbed to the shed roof.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. NANCY'S HOUSE - DAY 90
text: Nancy and Mindy peer to the window, surprised to see the men
text: on Pham Van's roof.
scene_heading: 91 EXT. PERFECTION - WIDE - DAY 91
text: We hear Val's shouting to the remaining townsfolk.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Nancy! Nestor!
scene_heading: 92 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 92
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Get up on your roof! On your roof!
dialog: They can come through the floor!
text: The store shakes and shimmies. We hear the monster's
text: thunderous crashing from below.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Can't you shout a little quieter?
scene_heading: 93 EXT. BURT & HEATHER'S HOUSE - DAY 93
text: Burt and Heather's place, about a mile from town, is no-
text: nonsense, functional, ugly -- unpainted concrete walls, no
text: yard, chain-link fence. Burt and Heather drive up in their
text: big Blazer and park right beside the house. Hot and tired,
text: they climb out, each carrying a heavy, scoped hunting rifle.
text: Burt peers toward Perfection through binoculars during:
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: I can't believe it. No tracks, no
text: sign, no spoor.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Yeah, whatever they are, you'd
dialog: think after they ate all those
dialog: sheep they'd have to take a dump
dialog: someplace...
dialog: (reacts to what he sees)
dialog: What the hell's going on in town?
scene_heading: 94 EXT. PERFECTION - TELEPHOTO - BURT'S P.O.V. - DAY 94
text: The town is a very strange sight. It's as though an
dialog: invisible flood were in progress, driving people to high
text: ground. We see: Rhonda perched on the water tower; Val, Earl
text: and Miguel on the store roof; Nancy and Mindy on their roof;
text: Melvin on the storage shed; Nestor on his roof.
scene_heading: 95 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 95
text: Val, Earl and Miguel gaze out at the town, trying to concoct
text: a plan. Suddenly Earl perks up. The men speak softly.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Hey, here's the plan: Nestor's
text: Cadillac. His tires are nine
dialog: hundred sixteens. We sprint for
dialog: it, grab the spare, put it on our
dialog: truck with our spare.
text: Val stares at him, incredulous.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: How the hell long it take you to
dialog: change a tire?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Just about too damn long. Bolt
dialog: pattern's probably wrong anyway.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: We need another plan.
text: Suddenly, down in the store, Pham Van's CB radio squawks
text: loudly.
speaker_heading: BURT (V.O.)
dialog: Yo, P.V., Burt here. Come back.
text: The building shudders as the creatures again smash through
text: the floor inside, looking for the source of the noise. Val,
text: Earl and Miguel scramble to the edge of the roof.
scene_heading: 96 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 96
text: The CB radio sits on a shelf near an open window. Tentacles
text: are feeling along the wall just below it. Val appears out-
text: side the window -- upside-down. He snatches the radio and is
text: hauled straight up out of frame.
speaker_heading: BURT (V.O.)
dialog: Pham? Anybody copy?
scene_heading: 97 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 97
text: Miguel and Earl haul Val by the feet back up onto the roof.
text: Val quickly turns down the CB volume.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (whispers into mic)
dialog: Burt, now listen. We found out
dialog: what's been killing people. Over?
scene_heading: 98 INT. BURT & HEATHER'S HOUSE - BASEMENT - DAY 98
text: A peculiar cross between bomb shelter and blue-collar den,
text: Burt's wood-paneled basement has all the comforts for post-
text: Apocalypse living. Burt talks on his CB.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Negative copy on that, Pham, check
dialog: your frequency. I'm on forty-nine.
speaker_heading: VAL (V.O.)
dialog: (a little louder)
dialog: Burt, can you hear me now?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Just barely, Pham. What are you
dialog: all doing up on your roofs. What
dialog: the hell's going on? Come back.
text: A few feet away Heather works at their ammunition reloading
text: bench. She dumps a few hundred empty cartridge cases into a
text: case cleaner and switches it on. It HUMS loudly as it
text: vibrates.
scene_heading: 99 INT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - DAY 99
text: The groping tentacles swiftly suck back below the floor.
text: TILT UP to see out the window some distance away, a couple of
text: old trash cans topple over as the creature streaks past
text: beneath them, making a bee-line for Burt's.
scene_heading: 100 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 100
text: Miguel points frantically at the trash cans.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Oh man, they're going, man! I
dialog: think they're going for Burt!
text: Val talks a little louder into the mic. INTERCUT as needed.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Burt! This is Val! Get out of
dialog: your basement!! Take your radio!
dialog: You and Heather get up on your
dialog: roof! Then we'll talk, okay?!
speaker_heading: BURT (V.O.)
dialog: Val? What the hell you doing back
dialog: already?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Burt, get out! Get up on your roof
dialog: or someplace! We found out what's
dialog: been killing people! They're under
dialog: the ground!
speaker_heading: BURT (V.O.)
dialog: What's under the ground? We're not
text: getting up on the roof. Earth
dialog: shelter's the best. Known that
dialog: since I was a kid.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Listen! Listen! We know what they
dialog: are! They're big things under the
dialog: ground! Much bigger than we
dialog: thought! They're coming after you!
dialog: They're coming right now!
scene_heading: 101 INT. BURT & HEATHER'S HOUSE - BASEMENT - DAY 101
text: Hearing that warning, Burt and Heather go into a well-honed
text: drill. They grab their hunting rifles and take positions at
text: basement windows. Burt scans with the binoculars. He sees
text: nothing. He glances at Heather. She shrugs. Nobody coming.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (into CB)
dialog: We don't see anything, Val. Now
dialog: what the hell are you talking
dialog: about? Over.
dialog: Val is frantic. How do you explain these things?
speaker_heading: VAL (V.O.)
dialog: They're coming underground! They
dialog: ...they can dig like a son of a
dialog: bitch...Big monsters under the
dialog: ground, Burt! Now get the hell
dialog: out! Hurry!
text: Burt and Heather exchange looks. Has Val gone nuts? Then
text: they hear a low RUMBLE, growing louder and louder. Tools
text: hanging over the work bench start to shake; the decorative
text: cow skulls on the wall rattle; the overhead lights sway --
text: and then -- everything stops. Dead silence, except for the
text: humming of the case cleaner.
text: THEN THE WALL MOVES!! The wood paneling bulges slightly.
text: Nails pop out. The wall is pushed again; the paneling
text: cracks. A cow skull falls. Burt and Heather level their
dialog: rifles and --
text: A huge creature pushes right through the wall! Fully half
text: its bulbous, spiked body writhes into the center of the
text: room, great multi-part jaws drooling open, hook-tentacles
text: lashing out.
scene_heading: 102 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 102
text: The three men can hear the chaos over the CB.
speaker_heading: BURT (V.O.)
dialog: Jesus Chri...!
text: The CB goes dead. The men stare numbly. Then, drifting
text: across the desert, a soft popping sound. The men perk up;
text: they know what it is -- distant gunfire.
scene_heading: 103 INT. BURT & HEATHER'S HOUSE - BASEMENT - DAY 103
text: The gunfire is DEAFENING as Burt and Heather blast away.
text: Globby blood spurts from a dozen wounds, and the creature
text: pulls back a little. The couple keeps firing until magazines
text: are empty. The creature lunges forward again.
text: PAN with Burt and Heather to REVEAL a wall of the basement we
text: haven't seen until now -- a wall covered with guns -- hand
text: guns, long guns, riot guns, flare guns, antique guns,
text: military guns, elephant guns.
text: Heather grabs an HK-91 assault rifle, slams in two magazines,
text: bottoms taped end to end, and opens fire! A hook-tentacle
text: snags her boot, yanking her right off her feet. Burt pumps
text: out eight devastating blasts from a twelve-gauge riot gun,
text: severing the tentacle. Heather is on her feet in an instant.
text: She expertly flops her double magazine over, loading the full
text: one taped upside-down to it, and opens fire again. Burt
text: grabs an AR-15 semi-auto and joins her. They lay down
text: massive fire, virtually disappearing in muzzle flash and
text: smoke. Ejected shell cases clatter and clang all around the
dialog: room.
text: The guns are empty. THE CREATURE IS STILL COMING! They back
text: down the wall, desperately grabbing weapons one after
text: another: a lever-action, a magnum handgun, even a flare gun
text: which Heather fires right into the creature's mouth.
text: Shrieking in pain, the horrid thing thing KEEPS WRIGGLING
dialog: TOWARD THEM!
text: Burt and Heather scramble up over a desk to keep something
text: between them and it. Burt smashes open a fancy glass case
text: holding a huge four-gauge elephant gun. He slams in two
text: gigantic cartridges nearly an inch in diameter. He fires.
text: The concussion literally shakes the building. The recoil
text: slams Burt back against the wall.
text: The monster bullets tear monster holes in the monster. Great
text: gouts of curdles blood spew from it -- Burt hit an artery or
text: something. The beast convulses grotesquely, then collapses,
text: deflating like a beached whale. Burt and Heather stagger
text: together and hug each other fervently. They stare dumbfounded
text: at the massive dead horror. Burt suddenly shouts vehemently:
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Broke into the wrong goddamn rec
dialog: room, didn't you, you BASTARD!
scene_heading: 104 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 104
text: Val, Earl and Miguel listen to the silence hoping for some
text: sign that their friends are alive. Suddenly:
speaker_heading: BURT (V.O. filter)
dialog: We killed it! You got that? We
dialog: killed that motherfucker! Come
dialog: back!
text: It takes a moment for this to sink in, then the men CHEER --
text: as quietly as possible.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Uh...roger that, Burt. Uh,
dialog: congratulations. Uh, be advised,
dialog: however, there are four more,
text: repeat, four more motherfuckers.
dialog: Come back.
scene_heading: 105 EXT. BURT & HEATHER'S HOUSE - ROOF - DAY 105
text: Burt and Heather dash out onto the roof, laden with weapons,
text: ammo boxes and their CB radio. They hit the deck, assorted
text: rifles and the elephant gun the ready.
scene_heading: 106 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 106
dialog: Val shouts to everyone:
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: They got one! They killed one of
dialog: the sons of bitches!
scene_heading: 107 EXT. STORAGE SHED - ROOF - DAY 107
text: Melvin pumps his fist in the air.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Way to go, dudes!
scene_heading: 108 EXT. THE STERNGOOD HOUSE - ROOF - DAY 108
text: Nancy and Mindy hug each other.
scene_heading: 109 EXT. NESTOR'S HOUSE - ROOF - DAY 109
text: Perched on his Spanish tile roof, Nestor pours coffee from
text: his thermos and raises his cup in a toast.
scene_heading: 110 EXT. WATER TOWER - DAY 110
text: Rhonda lets out a WHOOP.
scene_heading: 111 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 111
text: The men sit, temporarily jubilant.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Well, I guess we don't get to make
dialog: fun of Burt's lifestyle anymore,
dialog: huh?
text: Val grabs the CB mic.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Burt, any chance you can get the
dialog: rest of them?
scene_heading: 112 EXT. BURT & HEATHER'S HOUSE - ROOF - DAY 112
text: Burt and Heather peer from their fortress-like roof. Burt
text: spots earth bulging up near the foundation of his house.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (into CB)
text: One second, Val.
text: He grabs the elephant gun and takes two well-aimed shots --
text: two deafening BOOMS which echo off the distant mountains.
text: But the bullets bury themselves harmlessly in the dirt. The
text: bulge in the dirt moves calmly away and sinks from view.
text: Heather shakes her head.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: You're not getting any penetration,
text: even with the elephant gun.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Damn!
dialog: (into CB)
dialog: Val, we can't get them. Never
dialog: figured on having to shoot through
dialog: dirt! Best goddamn bullet stop
dialog: there is. Come back.
scene_heading: 113 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 113
dialog: The men are disappointed. That's not what they wanted to
text: hear from Burt. Then Earl perks up and grab the CB mic.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (into CB)
dialog: Okay, Burt, listen. Forget
dialog: shooting them. Tell me this: can
dialog: you get to your truck?
speaker_heading: BURT (V.O.)
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Good. You've got the only truck in
dialog: the valley that can make it up that
dialog: damn jeep trail. So, here's the
dialog: plan: You and Heather go for help.
dialog: Get to the mountains...
text: But Rhonda interrupts, pointing urgently from the water
dialog: tower.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Hey, guys! They're up to
dialog: something.
text: Val, Earl and Miguel rush to the edge of the roof and look
dialog: down where she's pointing --
text: A creature is running its tentacles along the building's
dialog: foundation. It's a strange, more studied movement than we've
dialog: seen before.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (to Rhonda)
dialog: What's it doing?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Why do you all keep asking me?
text: They all stare nervously down as the tentacles feel their way
text: along the wall, moving toward a corner of the building.
text: Suddenly Miguel spots something down the next wall.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Hey, there's another one coming!
text: Another set of tentacles is feeling along the adjacent wall.
text: The two creatures meet at the corner, their tentacles touch-
text: ing rather like ants' antennae. They they submerge; tenta-
text: cles zipping into the earth. Nothing happens for a moment.
text: Then the corner of the building suddenly heaves up a couple
text: of feet. Clapboard siding splits. A warped window shatters.
dialog: (We don't see the creatures, only the effect of their shoving
text: from below). The men nearly lose their balance. Then the
text: corner sinks back down.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: What the hell was that all about?
scene_heading: 114 EXT. NANCY'S HOUSE - DAY 114
text: Nancy and Mindy are still huddled on the roof. They don't
text: make a sound. They're startled when the house suddenly
text: groans and tilts as creatures give it a tentative shove.
text: Nancy and Mindy frantically cling to the peak of the smooth
text: roof. The picture windows shatters. We hear beams POP and
text: CRACK, dishes CRASH off shelves. The front screen door
text: swings open. At last the house slowly settles back down.
scene_heading: 115 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 115
text: The men are watching Nancy's house tensely.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
text: They weren't making no noise.
dialog: Why they bothering them for?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (mind racing)
dialog: They're studying the buildings...
text: trying to figure them out.
text: Rhonda chimes in from the water tower.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Yeah, they're confused. They can
dialog: feel our vibrations, but they can't
dialog: find us.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: They're working together, too.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Yeah, like they got a plan...
speaker_heading: BURT (V.O.)
dialog: Breaker there, Earl. What do you
dialog: want us to do?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (into CB)
dialog: Hang on, Burt. The bastards are up
dialog: to something.
scene_heading: 116 EXT. NESTOR'S HOUSE - ROOF - DAY 116
text: Straddling the peak of his steeply sloping roof. Nestor
text: grabs on in panic as the creatures lift the place up slowly!
text: The roof warps, Spanish tiles shatter and rain down on the
dialog: ground.
text: This causes a flurry of activity. Tentacles snake around
text: where the tiles fell. We hear creatures crash through
text: inside, snorting and huffing. They attack the house in
text: earnest, shaking it violently, pushing the front wall out
text: till it falls flat. The roof collapses on that side! Nestor
text: can't hang on! He slides all the way down, landing across a
text: window on the flattened wall. The next instant he's grabbed
text: and pulled through the window, right into the ground. He
speaker_heading: SCREAMS!
text: DOLLY along the ground, heading toward the storage shed where
text: Melvin is. All we can see is dirt, but we can still hear
text: Nestor screaming UNDERGROUND! His screams get more and more
text: faint as DOLLY ENDS on:
scene_heading: 117 EXT. STORAGE SHED - DAY 117
text: CLOSE ON horrified Melvin as he rocks back and forth
text: autistically.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Oh, wow, man! No way! No fucking
dialog: way, man...!
scene_heading: 118 EXT. NANCY'S HOUSE - ROOF - DAY 118
text: Nancy comforts Mindy.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. WATER TOWER - DAY 119
text: Rhonda turns away.
scene_heading: 120 EXT. PHAM CAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 120
text: Val, Earl and Miguel stare in horror and disbelief. Miguel
text: crosses himself. They're in worse trouble than they thought.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: They knocked his place down on
dialog: purpose, man. They're gonna tear
dialog: this whole town out from under us!
scene_heading: 121 EXT. BURT & HEATHER'S HOUSE - DAY 121
text: Burt and Heather's truck is parked in foreground. The couple
text: is up on the roof in background. Burt prowls along the edge
text: of the roof with the elephant gun. Heather mans the C.B.
speaker_heading: VAL (V.O.)
dialog: Burt! Heather!
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Yeah, Val.
speaker_heading: VAL (V.O.)
dialog: We're in deep shit over here.
dialog: Let's change that plan.
text: A hump of dirt raises near the base of the house. Burt jerks
text: the rifle to his shoulder and squeezes off a shot. The hump
text: moves away from the house.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Knock it off, Burt!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I think I scared it!
speaker_heading: VAL (V.O.)
dialog: Forget going for help. We'll all
dialog: be dead long before you get back.
text: Still moving away, the hump of dirt passes under the side-
text: walk, rippling the flagstones gently.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: (into CB)
dialog: We're here, Val. Just tell us what
dialog: you need. Come back.
speaker_heading: VAL (V.O.)
dialog: They're tearing down the houses
dialog: here! We all gotta get outta here
dialog: together! Now!
text: The hump of dirt passes under Burt and Heather's truck,
text: rocking the vehicle slightly.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: We're with you, Val. We'll come
dialog: get everybody. Just hang on tight.
text: The truck's security alarm starts BOOPING! Burt and Heather
text: stare down helplessly as the noisy truck is furiously
text: attacked by the frenzied creatures. Dust flies as metal rips
text: and tires shred.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 122
text: Val Earl and Miguel listen in disbelief to the distant truck
text: alarm. It finally sputters and dies.
speaker_heading: HEATHER (V.O.)
dialog: Val, we're going to have to forget
dialog: about the truck...
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (into CB)
dialog: Yeah, Heather, we got you.
text: They've hit rock-bottom. They sit in helpless, desperate
dialog: silence.
text: Over on the storage shed roof, Melvin is losing it:
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Hey, you better think of something,
dialog: man! You gotta do something!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: You and Val, man!
text: Miguel nods in agreement. Val and Earl stare at him,
text: incredulous.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: What?!! Since when the hell's
dialog: every goddamn thing up to us?!
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: You guys do all the odd jobs.
text: Val just stares at her.
text: Then -- CRASH! The store shudders, creaks, and groans. The
text: creatures are back. One corner of the store lifts up, beams
text: splintering. Then another corner lifts up! The roof tilts
text: like the deck of a storm-tossed ship. From now on the
text: monsters shake and ram the building almost constantly.
text: Hanging on tight, the men peer over the edge.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: We don't have a hell of a lot of
dialog: time here.
text: Meanwhile, Rhonda tries her desperate best to be logical:
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Look, the situation hasn't changed.
dialog: We still have to get to solid rock.
dialog: There must be some way!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (shouts, angry)
dialog: Like what?! There's nothing left
dialog: that'll make it to the mountains!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Hey, Val, quiet, man!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: We need a helicopter is what we
dialog: need, or a goddamn tank...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Wait a minute...the Cat. Could we
dialog: take the Cat?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (dubious)
dialog: Jesus. It's slower than hell.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Yeah, but it weighs better than
dialog: thirty tons. No way they could
dialog: stop it.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: We can't all fit on that bulldozer.
text: But Val is warming to the idea.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: But...we could pull something! We
dialog: could, I don't know, drag a car
dialog: behind it!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: A car, huh? Like a big armored
dialog: car? Need something bigger,
dialog: tougher...our truck maybe...or,
dialog: hell, that old semi trailer!
speaker_heading: VAL
text: Its tires are flat...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Doesn't matter. The cat can pull
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Well...all right! We just roll on
dialog: out of here!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: We got a plan!
text: They squint at the bulldozer -- 'way in the distance.
speaker_heading: EARL (cont'd)
dialog: 'Course, that's one helluva long
dialog: walk.
text: They stare grimly, momentarily stuck for an idea. Then:
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Listen, they only respond to
dialog: vibration, right? Couldn't we...
dialog: distract them somehow?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Yeah, good! Something to keep them
dialog: busy. We need a decoy.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Hey, Melvin, you wanna make a buck?
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Fuck you!
text: Miguel grabs Earl and points down at little garden tractor in
text: a jumble of Pham Van's equipment and tools near the side of
dialog: the store.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Hey, how about the tractor? Start
dialog: him up. Let him go by itself. Let
dialog: those things chase it all over is
dialog: they like that noise.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Not bad.
dialog: (to Val)
dialog: What do you think?
text: The store takes a heavy hit. The front porch collapses with
text: a terrific crash.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: I think the ground's getting
dialog: closer. I think we do it. We're
dialog: gonna save our asses here!
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Wait! How are you going to know
dialog: they're all following it?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Good point.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: We got two right here.
text: Val scrambles to the highest point of the sagging roof and
text: shouts to Nancy.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: Nancy, we gotta find all four of
dialog: them. How many you got over there?
scene_heading: 123 EXT. NANCY'S HOUSE - ROOF - DAY 123
text: The house shuddering and shaking.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: There's one. I think one.
scene_heading: 124 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 124
text: Earl grabs the CB mic.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (into CB)
dialog: Burt, Heather, we got a little sort
dialog: of a plan going here, maybe. Can
dialog: you tell if you've still got any of
dialog: those things out at your place?
dialog: Come back.
scene_heading: 125 EXT. BURT & HEATHER'S HOUSE - ROOF - DAY 125
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (into CB)
dialog: Yeah, still got one poking around.
speaker_heading: EARL (V.O.)
dialog: That's four. Let us know if it
text: starts moving, Burt.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Roger that.
scene_heading: 126 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - TRACTOR - DAY 126
text: Val and Earl have lowered Miguel down to a window sill right
text: above the garden tractor. He has used his kerchief to tie
text: the steering wheel to keep the front wheels straight. He
text: jams the throttle open and signals thumbs-up to Val and Earl
dialog: above.
scene_heading: 127 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 127
text: Val and Earl stride purposefully toward the opposite end of
text: the roof. Realizing they have the same idea, each one tries
text: to edge ahead of the other.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: I'm making the run to the Cat.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Like hell you are.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Get real. I'm faster than you.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I'm best at driving the Cat.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Only if something happens to me.
speaker_heading: EARL (cont'd)
dialog: Look, you'd better listen. I'm
text: older and wiser.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Yeah, well, you're half right.
text: Earl raises a fist: The Challenge. They do scissors-rock-
dialog: paper. One, two, three. Val loses.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: Damn. Guess I have to do it.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I won. I pick who does it.
text: Val glares at him. Earl's obviously determined.
speaker_heading: EARL (cont'd)
dialog: Ready when you are, Miguel!
text: Earl positions himself, nervous as hell, ready to leap at the
dialog: right moment.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - TRACTOR - DAY 128
text: Miguel leans out precariously and pulls the tractor's starter
text: cord. Nothing. On the second try it starts. He slams it
text: into gear and sends it out toward open desert. The store
text: shakes under Miguel, almost knocking him off the window sill,
text: as two humps of dirt pursue the noisy tractor.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: There they go! They're chasing it!
scene_heading: 129 EXT. NANCY'S HOUSE - DAY 129
text: A "spout" of dust erupts near the foundation as the creature
text: beneath zooms away toward the new sound. Nancy whispers:
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: It's going...
dialog: (then shouts)
dialog: There goes this one! It's going!
scene_heading: 130 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 130
text: The CB radio squawks:
speaker_heading: BURT (V.O.)
dialog: Hey, this guy just took off like a
dialog: shot. What'd you people do?
text: Earl is poised to leap. Val steps up and slaps him on the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Watch your ass, shithead.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Don't worry about me, jerkoff.
text: Val instantly elbows Earl hard in the stomach. As Earl
text: doubles over, Val springs off the edge of the roof.
speaker_heading: EARL (cont'd)
dialog: You goddamn suicidal son of a
dialog: bitch!
text: We see Val running for all he's worth -- and there's the
text: bulldozer at the edge of town a long way away.
scene_heading: 131 EXT. DESERT - DAY 131
text: LOW CAMERA pursues the garden tractor as it bounces along.
scene_heading: 132 EXT. PERFECTION - DAY 132
text: Val charges across the vast open area that separates him from
text: the bulldozer. We can hear the tractor droning along in the
dialog: background.
scene_heading: 133 EXT. DESERT - DAY 133
text: The tractor suddenly takes a bad bounce and flips over! The
text: engine dies. Total silence.
scene_heading: 134 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 134
text: Earl, Rhonda and Miguel have seen the tractor take a header.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Oh my God!
scene_heading: 135 EXT. EDGE OF TOWN - VAL - DAY 135
text: Val's crunching boots seem incredibly loud in the sudden
text: silence. He hesitates, glancing over his shoulder. He's
text: totally out in the open, halfway to the bulldozer. Should he
text: run back or go forward? He decides to go for the bulldozer.
scene_heading: 136 EXT. DESERT - DAY 136
text: All four creatures are now heading for Val. INTERCUT four
text: slightly different LOW CAMERA ANGLES speeding over the
text: ground, racing after him. He strains to the limit, breaths
text: coming in painful rasps -- but the creatures are closing in
text: on him with chilling ease.
scene_heading: 137 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 137
text: Everyone watches in horror.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: He'll never make it! They're gonna
dialog: get him!
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: (yells)
text: VAL, STOP! THEY'RE COMING! DON'T
speaker_heading: MOVE!
scene_heading: 138 EXT. EDGE OF TOWN - VAL - DAY 138
text: Val hears her and stops dead. So do the creatures. Maybe
text: twenty feet away, their giant snouts poke up out of the
text: ground: one, two, three, four. Val stands trembling. The
text: creatures softly shuffle back and forth, searching blindly
text: for him, hook-tentacles feeling everywhere. One tentacle
text: sweeps toward Val's boot. He manages to lift his foot just
text: in time, letting the tentacle pass beneath it. He balances
text: precariously like a flamingo.
scene_heading: 139 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 139
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: It worked! They can't find him!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Okay, okay...uh...we gotta make
dialog: some noise...a lot of noise! HEY,
text: YOU SORRY SONS OF BITCHES, COME AND
dialog: GET ME...!!!!
text: He starts jumping noisily up and down. Miguel joins in,
text: cursing the monsters in Spanish.
scene_heading: 139A EXT. WATER TOWER - DAY 139A
text: Rhonda kicks and shouts. But it's obvious they need some-
text: thing louder. She spots the aging outlet pipe coming from
text: the water tank. Bracing herself, she kicks at it with both
text: feet. It finally gives way at a rusted joint. A torrent of
text: water blasts out, thundering into the dirt.
scene_heading: 140 EXT. EDGE OF TOWN - VAL - DAY 140
text: All the creatures wheel about in the dirt and zoom off toward
text: town. Val breathes a big sigh of relief and sprints to the
text: bulldozer.
scene_heading: 141 EXT. PHAM VAN'S STORE - ROOF - DAY 141
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: That did it, girl! Goddamn good
dialog: thinking!
scene_heading: 142 EXT. WATER TOWER - DAY 142
text: A mass of tentacles and snouts swirl through the big puddle
text: where the water if falling. The creatures' breathing throws
text: up spouts of muddy water. Rhonda looks down nervously. Earl
text: calls reassuringly from Pham Van's:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Don't worry. No way they can lift
dialog: that tower. I mean it's really
dialog: heavy.
scene_heading: 143 INSERT - CONCRETE FOOTING 143
text: The dirt begins to cave in around the tower's footing. The
dialog: creatures are digging the dirt away!
scene_heading: 144 BACK TO SCENE 144
text: The water tower tilts ever so slightly, creaking and
text: groaning! Rhonda frantically grabs a handhold.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: They're not trying to lift it!
scene_heading: 145 EXT. BULLDOZER - DAY 145
text: Val lands in the driver's seat and turns the engine over --
dialog: it doesn't start!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: NO FUCKING WAY!
text: The old machine starts. Val slams it into reverse and backs
text: up toward the semi trailer.
scene_heading: 146 EXT. WATER TOWER - DAY 146
text: The water tower is starting to tilt seriously. Water spills
text: over the top edge of the tank, drenching Rhonda.
scene_heading: 147 EXT. BULLDOZER - DAY 147
text: Val has used heavy chains on the back of the bulldozer to
text: jerry-rig a hitch to the semi trailer. Now he scrambles
text: back into the driver's seat. He guns the engine, wrenching
text: the old semi trailer from years of dried mud and tumbleweeds.
text: Ancient tires disintegrate. Rusted wheels screech and
text: complain -- but it moves. Val lets out a whoop and heads
text: full-tilt for town. He's suddenly shocked as he sees:
scene_heading: 148 EXT. WATER TOWER - DAY 148
text: Rhonda's in big trouble. She scrambles to the high side of
dialog: the tower platform. The tower's going to tip over at any
text: moment! It's roof slides off and crashes into the street!
text: On Pham Van's, Miguel and Earl are tearing apart the swamp
text: cooler, throwing pieces of it off the roof, trying to
text: distract the creatures, but they can't compete with the noise
text: from the water.
text: In BG the bulldozer rumbles toward the tower at top speed --
text: an excruciatingly slow eight miles per hour.
text: The tremendously heavy water tank suddenly tears loose,
text: sliding off its platform, nearly carrying Rhonda with it.
text: She ends up hanging from a cross beam as the water tank
text: splatters like an enormous egg below, sending a small tidal
text: wave down the street.
text: The remains of the tower tilt crazily nearly forty-five
text: degrees. The bulldozer grinds closer and closer. Rhonda
text: tries to climb up, but the jostling and shuddering of the
text: tower keeps her dangling precariously. Suddenly she falls!
text: And lands in the dirt. The creatures zero in on her! She
text: turns wildly and leaps for the blade of the approaching
text: bulldozer. The blade is only inches off the ground but Val
text: swiftly raises it, lifting Rhonda high into the air just
text: above the grasping tentacles!
scene_heading: 149 EXT. PERFECTION - MAIN STREET - DAY 149
text: As Rhonda climbs down into the cab, Val heads the bulldozer
text: over to Pham Van's and stops. Almost as soon as he does,
text: creatures attack, a frenzy of tentacles grabbing at all sides
text: of the massive earth-moving machine, slithering into the
text: treads. Val and Rhonda watch this nervously as Earl and
text: Miguel quickly clamber from the roof down into the protective
text: steel belly of the semi trailer.
text: Val mentally crosses his fingers and sends the bulldozer
text: roaring forward. It effortlessly tears loose from the
text: tentacles, grinding one to pulp in its treads. The creature
text: shrieks in pain. The humans cheer! At last they've got the
dialog: upper hand!
scene_heading: 150 EXT. STORAGE SHED - DAY 150
text: Melvin dances merrily, and noisily, on the metal rooftop.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Way to go! Dumb fucking worms!
dialog: Now haul ass over here, man! Me
dialog: next! Get me off of here...!
text: The flimsy shed seems almost to explode as a furious creature
text: roars up inside. The walls buckle out. The whole structure
text: sags. Melvin scrambles to peak of the roof.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Oh shit! Oh, God! Help!
text: As the unseen creature thrashes around inside the shed, the
text: walls topple outward and the roof drops to the ground like a
text: pancake. Melvin has lost all self control and just keeps
text: screaming. Val pulls along side, jumps down onto the tread,
text: and reaches out to Melvin. But just as they join hands, the
text: creature hits the roof from beneath, dragging it several
text: feet. Val is yanked off the bulldozer and lands with Nelvin
dialog: on the roof!
text: The creature slams into the roof repeatedly, but the
text: corrugated metal is both light and resilient. It bends, but
text: the frustrated monster can't get enough "bite" to tear
text: through it. Val and Melvin straddle the peak of the roof,
text: trying desperately to hang on as it heaves up, buckling like a
dialog: bronco.
text: Earl scrambles into the bulldozer driver's seat and heads
text: after them at full throttle, the big diesel roaring.
text: Melvin and Val prepare to jump onto the bulldozer, but just
text: before it reaches them the roof suddenly starts to slide like
text: some mad flying carpet, carried from beneath by a creature!
text: Val hangs on like a rodeo rider, struggling to keep fear-
text: crazed Melvin from tumbling off.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. DIRT DITCH - DAY 151
text: The roof zigs and zags, spins and twists. Melvin and Val
text: won't be shaken loose. Earl does his best to head it off,
text: but it's hard to predict which way the roof will scoot next.
text: The rood careens alongside the edge of a dirt-walled drainage
text: ditch, then suddenly skitters sideways and plunges over the
text: edge. Melvin and Val tumble to the bottom. As they jump to
dialog: their feet:
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: We got about three seconds!
text: Val sees, almost right above them, an exposed pipe which
text: spans the ditch. He shoves Melvin toward it. They leap up
text: and grab the pipe, pulling their legs up as high as they can.
text: An instant later, the creature blasts through one wall of the
text: ditch, roars past beneath them and burrows into the opposite
dialog: wall!
text: Earl brings the bulldozer to a thundering stop next to them.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Well, come on!
scene_heading: 152 EXT. NANCY'S HOUSE - DAY 152
text: Nancy and Mindy huddle together on their roof. The upraised
text: scoop blade of the bulldozer comes INTO SHOT with Val riding
text: it. He helps them step across into it.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. BURT & HEATHER'S HOUSE - ROOF - DAY 153
text: Burt is using a hacksaw to cut lengths from a heavy vertical
text: pipe to which his TV antenna was anchored. Heather works
text: with the sections Burt has already cut off. She is filling
text: them with gunpowder from reloading cannisters and hammering
text: the ends shut -- they're making bombs.
text: Then they hear rumbling. What is it, more creatures? They're
text: surprised by the odd sight of the strange contraption
text: approaching.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: God damn! Armored transport!
text: Val climbs up on the bulldozer roll cage so he's about even
text: with Heather and Burt. A creature occasionally slams into the
text: underside of the bulldozer of the semi trailer, rocking them
text: slightly, throwing up clouds of dust.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Let's go you two. We're headed for
dialog: the mountains.
speaker_heading: BURT
text: In a minute.
text: He grabs a coil of blackpowder cannon fuse. He cuts off a
text: length and stuffs it in the end of one of the pipe bombs
dialog: during:
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Come on, Burt, we can't hold still
dialog: long. They're damn smart and
text: getting smarter by the minute.
text: Burt hefts the finished bomb.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: That's fine. We've got some new
dialog: things to teach them.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Damn it! They'll sink this rig
dialog: just like a boat!
text: Just then the bulldozer starts to tilt sideways, creatures
text: digging dirt away beneath it. Earl guns it forward out of
dialog: the depression they're making.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: See that? They're doing it now!
dialog: They try it every time we hold
dialog: still.
text: Burt and Heather are impressed. They rush around the
text: rooftop, gathering food, ammo, guns, the finished bombs,
text: handing them to impatient Val who hands them down to people
dialog: in the semi trailer during:
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Jesus Christ, we're only going nine
dialog: miles. Be there in two hours, tops!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Yeah, well those things are gonna
dialog: be on our ass every foot of the
dialog: way, right?
text: He holds up to rifles to Heather, the HK91 assault rifle and
text: another elephant gun.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What do you think? Max firepower
dialog: or...?
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: I'd go for penetration. The 458
dialog: shooting solids -- less ammo to
dialog: carry anyway.
text: Burt nods. Everyone on the bulldozer and semi trailer shouts:
speaker_heading: TOWNSFOLK
speaker_heading: (adlib)
dialog: Come on!
dialog: Who cares!
dialog: Forget it!
dialog: Let's go!
text: Dust flies up. The bulldozer tilts. Earl guns it forward
text: again. Heather and Burt grab a few more things and leap down
text: into the semi trailer.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Give me a gun! I'll take one!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I wouldn't give you a gun if it was
dialog: World War Three.
text: Earl pilots the strange looking contraption out into the
text: desert. Burt and Heather watch their fortress-home recede.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Food for five years. A thousand
text: gallons of gas. Air filtration.
text: Water filtration. Geiger counter.
dialog: Bomb shelter...
dialog: (looks heavenward)
dialog: ...underground goddamn monsters?!
text: Heather puts a consoling arm around him.
scene_heading: 154 EXT. JEEP TRAIL - DAY 154
text: The bulldozer easily lumbers along the really rough road we
text: saw Val and Earl's truck struggle over the other morning.
text: As they come closer we see Burt and Heather riding "shotgun,"
text: he sitting out in the bulldozer's scoop, she on the rear of
text: the semi trailer, elephant guns at the ready. Val, Earl and
text: Rhonda are in the cab.
scene_heading: 155 EXT. CLIFFS - DAY 155
text: It's late afternoon, sun casting dramatic shadows across the
text: beautiful desert. We are WIDE on the bizarre vehicle,
text: resolutely grinding along not far from the cliffs, nearing
text: the mountains ahead.
scene_heading: 156 EXT. DESERT - BULLDOZER - DAY 156
text: As they scan the desert, the people are feeling like they may
text: get out of this after all. Earl calls back to the people in
text: the semi trailer.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Any sign of'em?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Maybe they just gave up, you know.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Yeah, the bulldozer's too much for
dialog: them, man.
text: As they top a gentle rise, Burt excitedly points ahead.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: There we go, solid rock!
text: Everyone cheers. But then Heather points up ahead to one
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: What's that?
scene_heading: 157 P.O.V. - THE GROUP - DUST CLOUD - DAY 157
text: Perhaps two hundred yards from them, a huge cloud of dust
text: wells up from behind big boulders.
scene_heading: 158 BACK TO SCENE 158
text: Everyone stares uneasily at the billowing cloud.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Is it them?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: What else could it be?
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: What're they doing?
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Maybe they're taking a dump.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: We're not going over there, right?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: No. We go straight.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Damn it. What the hell are they
dialog: doing? They're up to something.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I don't care what they're doing as
dialog: long as they're doing it way over
dialog: there.
text: Earl shoves the throttle all the way. The engine screams.
scene_heading: 159 EXT. DESERT - DUSTCLOUD - DAY 159
text: We MOVE IN through the cloud of dust. Dirt is flying by the
text: ton out of en eight foot diameter hole in the ground. A huge
text: mound of the tunneled-out dirt is already piled high. The
dialog: creatures are digging a tunnel -- but why?
scene_heading: 160 EXT. DESERT - BULLDOZER - DAY 160
text: We watch the bulldozer rumbling along. It seems unstop-
text: able. The mountains and safety are barely a mile away --
text: when the EARTH CAVES IN!! THE BULLDOZER PLUNGES NOSE FIRST
text: INTO AN UNSEEN PIT DUG JUST BENEATH THE SURFACE!
text: The machine ends up half-buried at a steep angle. The semi
text: trailer is right on the edge of the pit. Everyone is shaken,
text: bruised, bloodied. Val, Earl and Rhonda look frantically for
text: Burt, who was riding out front in the scoop. They're
text: relieved to see him clawing his way out of pit. Val hauls
text: him up and all four of them now leap into the semi trailer.
text: As they come to rest, Val slowly realizes what's happened.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: They...they dug a trap! I can't
dialog: believe this!
text: The idling bulldozer engine coughs and dies. There is a
text: moment's crushing silence.
text: Then the dreaded digging begins. Dust boils up around the
text: semi trailer -- creatures digging from below! The semi
text: trailer shakes and shudders, slowly sinking. The people
text: huddle together in sheer panic. Val and Earl grab the
text: nearest of Burt and Heather's guns and fire wildly, hope-
text: lessly, down at the dirt. Ricochets whine into the distance.
text: Burt grimly digs an overloaded knapsack for one of his
text: pipe bombs. He leaps up between Val and Earl and lights the
text: fuse, looking for a target.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Hungry?! Eat this!!
text: He tosses the bomb at some churning earth and dives back into
text: the semi trailer.
speaker_heading: BURT (cont'd)
dialog: Keep your heads down!
text: KABOOM! The explosion throws up a big plume of dust and
text: rocks. We hear a new, very strange sound of pain from the
text: creatures. The semi trailer instantly stops shaking. The
text: creatures have stopped digging. All is quiet.
text: The people peer up over the edge of the semi trailer, looking
dialog: all around. Then:
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: There they are!
scene_heading: 161 P.O.V. THE GROUP - DISTANT CREATURES 161
text: Numerous spurts of dust mark their paths as they race madly
text: away, fanning out from the semi trailer.
scene_heading: 162 BACK TO SCENE 162
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Hey, Burt...did you get one...!
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: No, there's still four of them.
dialog: See...there's like four different
text: dust trails.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Sure got their attention, though.
dialog: Nice going, Burt.
dialog: (to Earl)
dialog: Earl, what about the Cat?
text: Earl's already staring down at the bulldozer.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: No way. It's down for the count.
text: Val looks around.
scene_heading: 163 P.O.V. VAL - ROCK OUTCROP 163
text: Toward the cliffs he sees a big rock outcrop.
scene_heading: 164 BACK TO SCENE 164
text: Rhonda points in the opposite direction from where Val is
dialog: looking.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Here they come! They're coming
dialog: back!
text: Heather unexpectedly fire two deafening blasts from her
text: elephant gun at the approaching creatures, then shakes her
text: head, frustrated. They're still coming.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Come on, everybody! We gotta run
dialog: for those rocks over there!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Jesus, Val, it's pretty far.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Yeah, man! They'll get us!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: There sure as hell get us if we
dialog: stay here!
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Wait, wait, listen. Burt do you
dialog: have any more of those things?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: The bombs? Damn right I do.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Well, what is you throw one that
dialog: way, the way we want to go...
dialog: (points toward rocks)
dialog: Then, when the explosion happens...
dialog: if it drives them away again...we
dialog: all run like goddamn bastards!
dialog: (to Earl)
dialog: Pardon my French.
text: Wham! With a jolt the semi trailer begins shaking and
text: shuddering again -- sinking, smiling.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: What if it doesn't scare them?
dialog: What if they don't run?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: I don't think it does scare them!
dialog: It hurts them! They're so
dialog: sensitive to sound, they have to
dialog: run! It hurts too much!
text: Glances all around.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: She's got my vote.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Right. We're gonna run. Get
dialog: ready.
text: Val squats in front of tear-streaked Mindy.
speaker_heading: VAL (cont'd)
dialog: Mindy, you understand what we're
dialog: going to do?
dialog: (off her nod)
dialog: And don't worry, they can't get us
dialog: once we're on those rocks.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: I don't know, man. They're too
dialog: fast! You can't outrun them, no
dialog: way!
text: As Burt readies another bomb, he pauses to hand bug-eyed
text: Melvin a huge Ruger Super Redhawk 44 magnum handgun.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Here, kid. This'll make'em think
dialog: twice.
text: Melvin's eyes bug out further. Burt lights his bomb.
speaker_heading: BURT (cont'd)
dialog: Heads down!!
text: He hurls the bomb. Wait. Wait. WHOOOM! Again we hear the
text: creatures' unearthly shriek of pain. Rhonda's on her feet
text: before the rocks stop falling. She spots the creatures.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: It worked! There they go!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: LET'S DO IT!
text: Earl lets out a war wild WHOOP. It's infectious. CRANE UP
text: with them as everyone piles out of the semi trailer like
text: soldiers out of a trench -- they charge across no-man's-land.
text: Melvin runs like a demon. He tries to shoot at the first
text: thing he sees but the gun just clicks over and over -- empty.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Burt, you bastard!
text: Enraged, he doubles his speed, trying to overtake Burt.
text: Mindy can't keep up. Nancy tries to pull her along. Val and
text: Earl swoop in, grab Mindy under either arm, and carry her
dialog: between them.
scene_heading: 165 ANGLE - THE CREATURES 165
text: The ground heaves violently as the retreating monsters
text: angrily wheel about and charge back after the humans.
scene_heading: 166 EXT. DESERT - ROCK OUTCROP - DAY 166
text: Big slabs jutting this way and that -- a rock iceberg in a
text: sand ocean. The people scramble onto it amid whoops of joy
text: and relief. Melvin charges up to Burt:
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: You asshole! There's no bullets in
dialog: this gun!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Got you moving, didn't it?
text: Burt's line gets a laugh from people, but then tentacles
text: burst up on all sides of the rock, probing, feeling. The
text: effect is instantly sobering. Burt swiftly grabs out his
text: remaining bombs -- six of them -- and holds one ready. But
dialog: they're in no immediate danger.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: So...now what?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Could we make it to the mountains?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (gestures to Burt's bombs)
dialog: No way. We'd need fifty of those
dialog: things.
text: The hopelessness of the situation suddenly hits Val, Earl,
text: and Rhonda. After a moment:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Well...that's it. We're not
dialog: getting off this rock...
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Not going to pole vault anywhere.
dialog: That's for sure.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: What's the matter with you? What
dialog: are you talking about?!
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: They'll just wait out there till
dialog: we're dead. That's what they do.
text: As this sinks in, Burt loses his cool, igniting an argument.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What? Well, for chrissake, we
dialog: could have made a stand at our
dialog: place! We had food, water...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You can't fight'em that way...
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: You two jackasses hauled us way the
dialog: hell out here...!?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: BACK OFF, BURT...!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Well, who put you two in charge?
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Burt! Those animals would have
dialog: killed you!
text: Everyone stares in surprise at normally quiet Nancy.
speaker_heading: NANCY (cont'd)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You haven't seen what they can do.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (calmer)
dialog: They'd have dug your place out from
dialog: under you in half an hour!
text: There's a long, grim silence. Everyone sits glumly.
text: Finally, Burt picks up a bomb and contemplates it:
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: If it comes to starvation, I know
dialog: what I'm doing. Take one of these.
dialog: Walk right out there with the fuse
dialog: lit. Stuff it down my pants and
dialog: let 'em take me down. BOOOOM!
text: Heather puts a soothing hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Jesus, honey!
text: But now Earl brightens a little.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You know, that's not a bad idea!
text: The others react. Is Earl nuts?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: No, I mean, it gives me an idea...
dialog: going fishing like...
scene_heading: 167 EXT. DESERT - ROCK OUTCROP - LATER 167
text: In the open desert, a rock lands. Then another. Val and
text: Rhonda are throwing them from the rock outcrop.
text: Val, Earl, Rhonda, and Burt have moved away from the main
text: group to another section of the rock outcrop where
text: intervening boulders will protect everyone from an explosion.
text: Earl has tied a bomb to some nylon rope form one of Burt's
text: knapsacks. Burt places the other bombs safely out of the way
text: behind a ledge. Meanwhile, Val and Rhonda keep throwing
text: rocks. Soon, the ground shifts.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: There! Right straight out in front
dialog: of you.
text: Burt has his coil of fuse.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: How much you think?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I don't know... They're pretty
dialog: quick...fifteen seconds?
text: Burt nods, expertly eyeballing a fifteen second length and
text: snipping it off. As he stuffs it into the bomb:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: What the hell is that, anyway?
speaker_heading: BURT
text: Cannon fuse.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: What do you use it for?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: My cannon.
text: The bomb is ready -- it's moment of truth. Earl digs in his
text: pocket for the lighter -- but Val has it. Val nervously
text: leans over to light the fuse, but then frowns as he sees how
text: Earl is holding the rope.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Come on, you're not going to do
dialog: your lasso thing...?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Hey, just 'cause you're no good
dialog: with a rope...
text: Val shakes his head and lights the fuse. Earl whirls the
text: bomb on the end of its rope like a lasso, and lets it fly out
text: as far as he can. Then he starts pulling it back in along
text: the ground like a fishing lure. Rhonda stares at her watch
text: as they all sink down behind the protective boulder.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Come on...come on...
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Take it...take the bait...
text: Suddenly a snout subtly surfaces and gulps down the bomb. A
text: tense two seconds later -- KABOOOM! Bullseye! It's a
text: volcano of gory creature parts. They splatter all over! The
text: remaining creatures shriek and race away again. The people
text: cheer wildly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 168 EXT. DESERT - ROCK OUTCROP - LATER 168
text: Val, Earl, Rhonda, and Burt prepare to try again. This time
text: Val has the rope and a new bomb. Rhonda stands by him, ready
text: with the lighter. Earl lobs rocks out into the desert.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Where the hell are they? Hope they
dialog: didn't wise up.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Nope, there! That's one.
text: Rhonda shakily lights the fuse. Val heaves the bomb out and
text: starts trolling. The creature swallows it. Everyone drops
text: down behind the boulder, Val impulsively grabbing a second
text: bomb. They tense with anticipatory glee -- but the creature
text: suddenly spits its bomb back out! It sails back right over
text: their heads. It strikes the rocks above them, skittering
text: down a crevice and landing in -- BURT'S PILE OF BOMBS!
text: Val, Earl, and Rhonda scatter. Burt dives backward over a
text: rock ledge.
text: BABABAMMM!! All the bombs explode, throwing rocks every-
text: where. The creatures streak away. Val, Earl and Rhonda
text: sprawl into the dirt, half stunned.
text: When the panic is over, Val and Earl realize where they are --
text: fifty yards out in open desert! So is Rhonda, off at an
text: angle from them! Only Burt is safe on the rock outcrop.
dialog: And the creatures are coming back fast!
text: The stranded trio starts back for the outcrop, but the
text: creatures burst up ahead of them -- one blocking Rhonda's
text: path, the other two cutting Val and Earl off! The creatures
dialog: roar toward their easy prey!
text: Val and Earl freeze. The ground bulges as the creatures
text: "skid" to a halt not ten feet from them. Rhonda stands stock
text: still some fifty feet away, eyeing her own creature.
text: Over on the outcrop with the main group of people Heather
text: sizes up the situation.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Make noise. Everybody! COME ON!
text: Everyone starts hopping up and down, yelling, screaming, and
text: clapping. Burt even runs a few feet out from the rocks,
text: firing a pistol into the dirt.
speaker_heading: BURT
text: COME ON, YOU SLIMEBAGS! OVER HERE!
dialog: FRESH MEAT...!
text: The crowd keeps up the ruckus. The creatures are distracted
text: by the noise, but this time they don't automatically go after
text: it. Their big snouts turn uncertainly this way and that.
text: But they just stay where they are. Their hook-tentacles
text: slide out, feeling all around. Earl whispers:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: They're not falling for it!
text: Heather takes careful aim with her elephant gun.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: I'll make'em pay attention
dialog: goddamnit...
text: But before she can fire, the creatures mysteriously sink from
text: view. Val, Rhonda, and Earl remain frozen. What the hell is
dialog: going on? Nothing happens -- then --
text: A HUGE HUMP OF EARTH suddenly wells up near Rhonda. It sinks
text: back down as fast as it appeared. It's like the creature
text: suddenly lifted its whole body almost to the surface then
text: submerged again. Another hump rises and falls right near Val
text: and Earl. There's a pause as the men whisper:
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: They're...they're trying to make us
dialog: move!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Or just knock us over. Look, use
dialog: the bomb!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: It's out last one. We can't kill
dialog: them all.
text: The creatures try another random "barrage" of humps, some
text: coming perilously close. They know they'll eventually topple
text: their prey. One comes so close to Val and Earl that pebbles
text: roll down its sides into their boots!
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Use the fucking bomb!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: So, we get back on that rock and in
dialog: three days we're dead anyway.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (slowly; terrified)
dialog: I want to live for the three days.
text: More humps rise and fall. Val gives in. He signals Rhonda,
text: gesturing with the bomb. She understands. He'll set it off,
dialog: driving away the creatures, and they'll all run back to the
dialog: outcrop.
text: Val digs for the lighter. Doesn't have it. Earl digs for
text: it, too. But he doesn't have it either! They go dead pale.
text: How can that be? They look across fifty feet of deadly open
text: ground -- trembling Rhonda holds up the lighter!
text: Over on the outcrop, Burt shouts:
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What's wrong? Use the bomb, for
dialog: Godsake!
text: Val signals to Rhonda to throw the lighter. She nods. But
text: just before she does, A HUMP STARTS RISING DIRECTLY UNDER
text: HER! She fights to keep her balance -- struggling to keep
dialog: from taking that single step which will instantly tell the
dialog: creatures where she is.
text: But there's no hope. The hump jerks higher. Her boots slip
text: down the gravelly side! Instantly the creature twists toward
text: her, its hungry mouth erupting out of the dirt. She screams
text: and dashes for Val and Earl. They run to meet her. The
text: other creatures surface. The trio is cut off from the rock
dialog: outcrop!
text: Val and Earl link up with Rhonda and they all run madly while
text: Rhonda tries to light Val's bomb fuse. But suddenly Val
text: yanks the bomb away.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: No wait! This way!
text: He veers off in a new direction. Startled Earl and Rhonda
text: have no choice but to follow. As they desperately try to
dialog: catch up to Val:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: What the hell are you doing?!!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: I GOT A GODDAMN PLAN!!
text: Earl looks up ahead. They're headed right for --
scene_heading: 169 EXT. THE CLIFFS - DAY 169
text: The massive cliffs. Earl's eyes bug out. In seconds they'll
text: be right at the brink with nowhere to run.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: This better be one great plan!
text: As they skid to a stop at the very brink, Val breaks off the
text: bomb fuse, leaving only one inch of it. He whirls to check
text: the progress of the advancing creatures.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Get ready!
text: He holds the bomb out to Rhonda. She instantly tries to
text: light it. He grabs her wrist so hard it hurts.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Light it, man! LIGHT IT!!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Not yet, not yet...
text: The charging creatures are almost underfoot. Finally Val
text: pulls Rhonda's hand over to light the fuse. Instantly he
text: hurls the bomb as far as he can, behind the creatures.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Too far! You threw it behind them!
text: The ground opens under their feet! Tentacles snake toward
text: Val and Earl. A horrid mouth clamps onto Rhonda's boot. She
text: screams as it starts to pull her down.
text: WHOOOM!! The bomb explodes! The creatures shriek in pain,
text: instantly releasing their prey and racing away from the
text: painful shock wave in the only direction they can --
scene_heading: 170 EXT. CLIFFS - WIDE LOW ANGLE - DAY 170
text: Right out through the face of the cliffs!! The huge,
text: shrieking creatures seem to hang in mid-air for a moment,
text: their grotesque bodies undulating in pain. And then they
dialog: fall! And fall and fall -- a thousand feet!
scene_heading: 171 EXT. BOTTOM OF CLIFFS - DAY 171
text: The creatures land on massive jagged rocks, exploding like
text: immense, horrid watermelons. Multi-colored gore festoons the
dialog: whole cliff face.
text: TILT UP to see three tiny figures standing at the top of the
dialog: cliff.
scene_heading: 172 EXT. CLIFFS - DAY 172
text: Val peers down at the distant creatures for a long time. Then
text: he notices Earl and Rhonda are staring at him. Where the hell
dialog: did he get an idea like that? After a moment:
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Well, it just suddenly hit me, you
dialog: know? Stampede?
text: They turn and head back toward the others. They laugh as
text: they realize how stealthily they are walking. Val starts
text: taking big, exaggerated stomping steps. Rhonda and Earl
text: follow suit. The trio goes off arm in arm, stomping merrily.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 173 EXT. PERFECTION - MAIN STREET - DAY 173
text: Val and Earl roll two scavenged truck wheels down the street
text: toward their own truck; which is up on jacks, two wheels
dialog: missing.
text: Mindy races past excitedly.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Look!
text: A highway maintenance truck is rolling into town followed by
text: a police car. The townsfolk happily swarm around the
text: MAINTENANCE MEN and POLICE OFFICER who gape at the destroyed
dialog: town.
text: Val and Earl eagerly start bolting on one of their new wheels.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Road's in!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Road's in! Now, soon as we hit
dialog: Bixby we start making phone calls.
dialog: We could make some real money off
dialog: this whole thing, get in People
dialog: magazine...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: People? Hell, National Geographic.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Sell the movie rights. We're going
dialog: straight from blue-collar to white
dialog: -collar.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Yeah...but no ties.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: No ties.
text: Rhonda pulls up in her truck, leans out and snaps their
text: picture with a top-of-the-line Nikon.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Hi, guys. Burt loaned me his
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Howdy, Rhonda.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: You're really leaving, huh?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You bet. You gonna be staying up
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Well, yeah! There's going to be
dialog: major research up here. First
dialog: thing is to get some pictures of
dialog: that one we dug up.
text: An awkward pause. Finally she extends her hand to them. Val
text: just gives it a quick shake.
speaker_heading: RHONDA (cont'd)
dialog: Uh...well, maybe I'll see you two
dialog: sometime...
dialog: (to Val)
dialog: And thanks for everything, you
dialog: know, saving my life and stuff.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: Well...you're welcome.
text: She gazes at him, just a hint of something in her eyes. Earl
text: springs to attention. Is the boy blind? Then Rhonda snaps
text: out of it.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Well...see ya.
text: They nod. She drives off. Earl stares at Val who starts
text: putting the second wheel on the truck.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Christ, Val, maybe she's not your
dialog: type, but you could, at least, be
dialog: civil.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Civil? I'm civil.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You're not civil, you're glum. We
dialog: got the world by the tail with a
dialog: downhill pull and all of a sudden
dialog: you go glum on me.
text: Earl freezes as a bell goes off in his head.
speaker_heading: EARL (cont'd)
dialog: Oh my God. She got to you. You do
dialog: like her!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Somebody paying you to do this?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: She just practically asked you for
dialog: a date. What the hell is wrong?!
text: Val glares at Earl for a moment.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Earl, get real. What does she need
dialog: with a guy like me?
text: Earl is dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: What was that? All this time she's
dialog: not good enough for you. Now,
dialog: suddenly, you're not good enough for
dialog: her? God, my work is never done.
dialog: You don't decide is you're
dialog: worthless, she does. But you gotta
dialog: give her a chance!
text: Val lowers the jack letting the truck down.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Earl, I'm not gonna make a fool of
dialog: myself! You got that covered.
text: Earl stands there fuming, mind racing. A last ditch idea
text: hits home -- we see a devilish glint in his eye.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Fine, make the mistakes I did.
dialog: I think I'll just be playing this
dialog: hand myself.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: She likes both of us. We both
dialog: helped her out.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: You are so full of shit...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Oh yeah? Think about this: She
dialog: ain't as narrow-minded as you.
dialog: I'll lay odds she's looking for
dialog: character in a man. For my part,
dialog: I'd be proud to have her. I'd
dialog: goddamn worship her.
text: Earl hops into the truck.
speaker_heading: EARL (cont'd)
dialog: I'm going out there right now, help
dialog: her take those pictures...set up her
dialog: seismo-jiggers. Whatever she
dialog: wants. Who the hell knows what'll
dialog: happen?
text: Earl starts to drive off. Val springs into the passenger
text: seat. Through the truck's rear window we see Val raise his
text: hand in The Challenge. They do a round of scissors-rock-
text: paper -- but it's a tie. They go again. Another tie. They
text: keep playing and tying as they drive off into the distance
dialog: and we --
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
