scene_heading: "TRUE BELIEVER"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Wesley Strick
scene_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. OSSINING CORRECTIONAL FACILITY - EARLY MORNING
text: Mist shrouds the prison.
speaker_heading: C.U. - EYES
text: Closed. Then the lids fly wide open.
scene_heading: INT. CELL
text: An ASIAN MAN sits up on his cot, coming out of sleep with a
text: gasp. SHU KAI KIM is in his late 20s. With a muscled torso
text: and shaved head meant to inspire fear. And to hide it.
scene_heading: INT. CELLBLOCK - LATER
text: The electrified doors slide OPEN. Shu steps out of his cell.
text: ORTEGA -- a rugged young Chicano -- steps out of a nearby
text: cell. The two cons trade small nods.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: The CONS walk in single file. Ortega is behind Shu. Ortega
text: speaks softly, with barely perceptible lip movement.
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: Fear will kill you.
text: Shu's replies are like a ventriloquist's, as well. The two
text: men are running through some sort of arcane drill.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: I'm not afraid.
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: You know I'd stand in for you... But
dialog: then, believing you are weak, they'd
dialog: come for you anyway.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: No. I want this.
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: Good. Right after chapel... it's
text: going down in the yard.
dialog: Now Shu and Ortega file into:
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CHAPEL - MORNING
text: On the dais, the MINISTER leads a small CONVICT CHOIR.
scene_heading: REVERSE - THE CONGREGATION
text: The cons have segregated themselves into sullen groups of
text: black, white, and brown.
scene_heading: CLOSE - FOUR CONS
text: At the rear. SHU is flanked by TWO stringy CHICANOS. Ortega
text: sits behind Shu. All four stare ahead with an intense
text: blankness.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FROM THE SIDE
text: Now we see what's really happening: Shu grips two sharpened
text: spoons. The Chicanos wrap duct tape around Shu's fists -- so
text: that even if he wanted to, he couldn't let go of the knives.
scene_heading: ANGLE - A WHITE CON
text: In front. DUANE LINDEMAN is burly, with long blond locks,
text: his arms decorated with SWASTIKAS. Tattooed on one cheek are
text: three black teardrops. Lindeman is surrounded by OTHERS like
text: him. All SINGING a hymn to the Lord Jesus.
text: THROUGH THE CHAPEL DOORS
text: A disturbance out in the hall: we hear THUMPS, loud CURSING.
speaker_heading: DUANE LINDEMAN
text: and FRIENDS just keep on singing.
speaker_heading: WIDE
text: The rest of the Congregation turns around, to see what's
text: going on. The TWO CORRECTIONS OFFICERS at the rear of the
text: Chapel venture to the door and peer out, truncheons drawn.
text: TWO WHITE INMATES spring out of opposing back row aisle seats
text: and SLAM SHUT the Chapel doors on the C.O.s -- who immediately
text: start POUNDING on the doors with their STICKS.
text: ONSTAGE - A hulking WHITE member of the CHOIR discreetly
text: moves to block the fire exit offstage.
speaker_heading: SHU AND ORTEGA
text: turn back around to face what appears at first glance to be
text: a grotesque apparition:
speaker_heading: DUANE LINDEMAN
text: seems to be flying from the front of the chapel toward them,
text: blond hair flowing, arms waving, a warlock...
text: In fact, he's racing from the top of one pew-back to the
text: next -- and his HANDS are duct-taped, too, around not
text: sharpened spoons, but long, serrated blades.
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: Motherfuckers! Not in here!
text: A SIREN WAILS as Lindeman leaps at Shu -- who executes a
text: perfectly timed karate throw, sending Lindeman over his
text: shoulder to land sprawling in the aisle.
text: Lindeman's tattooed ACCOMPLICES move to help. Ortega holds
text: them off. Before Lindeman can right himself, Shu pins the
text: blond Goliath. Brings a fist to Lindeman's neck, sharpened
text: spoon pressed against the neo-Nazi's jugular.
text: Outraged, the MINISTER claws his way through the crowd of
text: rubbernecking cons.
text: Shu is breathing too hard to demand that Lindeman concede.
text: But his message is clear. Now, in gasps:
speaker_heading: LINDEMAN
dialog: Kill... me.
text: Instead, Shu lifts the sharpened spoon away from Lindeman's
text: neck. Carefully climbs off, steps back.
text: Lindeman lies there defeated. Then looses a startling banshee
text: SCREAM and springs, blades flashing, at Shu.
text: They're like two snarling cats. Wrestling so furiously, we
text: see only a blur of flesh, glint of metal. Splash of blood.
text: A RING of INMATES forms around the combatants. Some CHEER,
text: others SHOUT for the fight to stop. None dare interfere.
text: Now the BACK DOORS virtually fly off their hinges as a HALF-
text: DOZEN C.O.s in RIOT GEAR charge the Chapel.
dialog: It takes all six to drag the bloody cons apart. Shu
text: immediately goes limp; Duane Lindeman is slack, twitching.
text: Horrified, the Minister backs off, vestments soaked in gore.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JFK AIRPORT - MORNING
text: A CAB merges onto the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway.
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - MANHATTAN ISLAND
text: We PAN to the Brooklyn Bridge and PICK UP the CAB as it hits
dialog: Mannattan.
scene_heading: INT. CAB
text: In the back seat, face pressed to the glass, is ROGER BARON.
text: A 25-year-old whose persona straddles two worlds: In his
dialog: Brooks Brothers suit he'd be welcome in any boardroom. With
text: his Buddy Holly glasses and conceptually cropped hair, he's
dialog: someone you'd want in your band. Roger checks his watch.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Could I give you some extra money,
dialog: have you drop me at the Courthouse
dialog: and bring my luggage to the hotel?
text: The CABBIE turns around, at a red light. No creepier than
text: the average New York Cabbie. He is smiling.
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: No problem.
text: Roger smiles back. Big problem.
scene_heading: EXT. 100 CENTRE STREET
text: Manhattan's fortress-like Criminal Courts Building. Roger
text: climbs out of the cab, lugging a suitcase, a briefcase, a
text: duffel bag and a garment bag.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE CORRIDOR
text: To a COURT OFFICER:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I'm looking for the court where Edward
text: T. Dowd is defending a Mr. Nevins.
text: The Court Officer consults the docket sheet.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: That's the Edward Dowd.
text: The Court Officer blinks at Roger.
speaker_heading: COURT OFFICER
dialog: Part 73, Room 1113.
text: Then, deadpan:
speaker_heading: COURT OFFICER
dialog: That's the Room 1113.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM
text: An Assistant D.A. stands before the JURY, in mid-summation.
dialog: D.A.
dialog: Edward Dowd is an inventive lawyer.
dialog: I'm sure he'd like you to believe
dialog: that the pound of pure cocaine found
dialog: in his client's home was intended
dialog: for personal, recreational use.
text: Several JURORS stifle snickers.
dialog: D.A.
dialog: He may claim that the many pounds of
dialog: baby laxative were intended to help
dialog: Mr. Nevins stay regular.
text: More muted SOUNDS of amusement, from the gallery, as Roger
text: ENTERS. He quietly deposits his luggage in the empty back
text: row, then moves to the front row, behind the defense table.
text: Seated there is a slick, natty DEFENSE ATTORNEY. Next to him
text: is a wired and weird-looking DEFENDANT in a threadbare suit,
dialog: the cut decades out of date.
dialog: D.A.
dialog: What will Mr. Dowd say the defendant
dialog: weighed on his laboratory scales?
dialog: Oh, he'll think of something... But
dialog: bear in mind that you jurors control
dialog: the scales that really count -- the
dialog: scales of justice. Only you can ensure
dialog: that the defendant -- a man who sells
dialog: dangerous drugs to teenagers, for
dialog: profit...
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE DEFENDANT
text: winces. He's in his mid-40s, his face framed by a MANE of
text: HAIR that hangs to his shoulders. His vintage suit accented
text: by an embarrassingly wide and loud floral-print tie.
speaker_heading: D.A. (O.S.)
dialog: ...will pay a penalty. Be wise, be
dialog: fair, and have courage. Thank you.
text: As she crosses to the Prosecution Table:
speaker_heading: JUDGE BAUM
dialog: Thank you, Ms. Jessum. Mr. Sweeney,
dialog: may I have a word with you?
text: As Mr. Sweeney -- the Court Officer -- confers with the Judge,
text: Roger leans forward. Whispers to the Defense Attorney:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Roger Baron. Sorry I'm late.
text: The Defense Attorney looks mildly baffled. Regardless, Roger
text: extends a hand.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: This is an honor. And a thrill.
scene_heading: DEFENSE ATTORNEY
dialog: Really?
text: But what the hell: he shakes with Roger.
text: Now the DEFENDANT turns, to see what's going on. Trying to
dialog: breathe as much empathy as he can into the one syllable:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Hi.
text: The Defendant has fixed Roger with the sort of soul-piercing
dialog: stare it takes many acid trips to perfect. So, delicately:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What're you, um, accused of?
speaker_heading: DEFENDANT
dialog: All sorts of things. How 'bout you?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Me? N-no, I'm a lawyer, I'm here to
dialog: work with Mr. Dowd...
text: Nodding at the Defense Attorney. We HEAR a POUNDING gavel.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BAUM
dialog: Mr. Dowd, would you care to make
dialog: your closing argument?
text: Roger pats the Defendant's shoulder. Reassures:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You're in good hands.
text: The Defendant lifts his eyebrows, as though to say "Is that
text: so?" Turns back around. And, for some reason, he rises.
speaker_heading: DEFENDANT
dialog: I would, your Honor.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: Confused, at first -- then mortified: omigod, that's Dowd!
scene_heading: EDWARD C. DOWD
text: takes three long, crooked strides over to the Jury Box, hands
text: clasped behind his back, hair streaming.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Brian Nevins' pound of pure cocaine
dialog: was quite clearly intended for sale.
text: The JURORS look surprised. So does the D.A. So does BRIAN
speaker_heading: NEVINS.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The baby laxative -- dealers use it
dialog: to dilute their coke before selling
dialog: it. They can -- quadruple their
dialog: profits...
text: NEVINS throws a jittery glance at the jury.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: ...and of course you can't sell
text: cocaine without a laboratory scale.
text: Eddie strikes a tone of cosmic lamentation.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Cocaine is evil. Selling cocaine is
dialog: evil.
text: Nevins checks his mental Rolodex for a great appeals lawyer.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Pity this foolish merchant. Dislike
dialog: him if you must. But despise the
text: tactics the police employed to snare
dialog: Brian Nevins... Don't lose sight of
dialog: what's really on trial here -- our
dialog: basic personal freedoms, our quality
dialog: of life...
text: "Freedoms" and "life" are rendered as startling SHOUTS that
text: make the Jurors sit up straight.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Sublime concepts, such as "the right
dialog: of the people to be secure in their
dialog: persons, houses, papers, and effects,
dialog: against unreasonable searches and
dialog: seizures..."
text: Eddie's delivery suggests an unholy but hard-to-dismiss hybrid
dialog: of rabbi and diva.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: For when we condone the bugging of
dialog: our citizens' bedrooms, when we allow
dialog: the police to enter our citizens'
dialog: homes with specious warrants, when
dialog: we invade our citizens' privacy in a
text: frenzied quest for a wicked white
dialog: powder, aren't we capitulating to
dialog: the evil, aren't we surrendering to
dialog: the drug? Aren't we saying cocaine
dialog: is more potent than our Constitution?
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE - AFTERNOON - LATER
text: Roger maintains a discreet distance behind Eddie and Nevins
text: as lawyer and client stroll down the steps.
speaker_heading: NEVINS
dialog: Wow, that speech... It was beautiful.
dialog: Amazing horseshit.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (tight smile)
dialog: Amazing client.
text: Nevins isn't sure how to respond. So he gives Eddie a quick,
text: vigorous, almost hostile hug.
speaker_heading: NEVINS
dialog: Eddie Dowd... Everybody should own
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: OMIT
text: Nevins spins away, hops into his girlfriend's double-parked
text: Porsche. As the happy couple blasts off down the block, Roger
text: draws even with Eddie.
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: About the mix-up back there... I,
dialog: ah, never saw your photo, I just
dialog: read every civil liberties brief you
dialog: filed in the '60s...
text: Eddie distractedly nods. Then rotely sticks out his hand.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hey, it was nice meeting ya. Gotta
dialog: get back to the office.
text: It takes Roger a beat to realize the awful truth.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Roger Baron, Oberlin undergrad,
dialog: Michigan Law? None of this rings a
dialog: bell?
text: Exactly. Amused, now, by the absurd series of missteps:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You hired me? To clerk for you? My
dialog: letter...? Top 5 percentile, Law
dialog: Review, salary is no object...?
text: This last detail apparently jogs Eddie's memory.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That's right.
text: They start trudging to the subway station. Roger awkwardly
text: lugs his suitcase, garment bag, duffel bag and briefcase.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Here, lemme help you.
text: He grabs the briefcase.
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIDAN SQUARE - LATER
text: Several streets converge here; so do gays, yuppies, and
text: diehard bohemians. As Eddie and Roger emerge from the IRT
dialog: station, and cross 7th Avenue:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ...read your Chase Manhattan bombing
dialog: case summation in the '71 Leftist
dialog: Law anthology...
text: Eddie lives and works over a landmark cigar store and an
text: eyesore of an all-night deli. As he unlocks the downstairs
text: door, Roger takes in the seedily picturesque Square.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: So this is Greenwhich Village?
text: Eddie smiles. Somewhere between sarcastic and self-effacing:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yes Roger. You've arrived.
text: He starts up the stairs. Roger follows.
scene_heading: INT. LAW OFFICE
text: Balding rugs, macrame hanging things, birdcages, Salvation
text: Army couches. TWO leather-clad SCARECROWS pace; a teenage
text: GIRL with blue hair squats on the floor, comforting her
text: SQUALLING INFANT. Then there's the slick young COUPLE in
text: Ralph Lauren Polo ensembles, here with a furtive STRAIGHT-
text: ARROW who scans the Wall Street Journal.
text: A crew-cutted secretary (BILLY) types with one hand, grabs
text: the RINGING PHONE with the other. To judge by her typing and
dialog: telephone skills, she was hired for her capacity to manage
dialog: this menagerie.
text: Roger has struggled up the stairs, behind Eddie. Though he
text: quickly notes the office's squalor and questionable clientele,
text: what catches his eye is the trio of cracked and yellowing
text: PHOTOGRAPHS tacked on a wall in the foyer.
text: Eddie in his late-'60s glory days: On a dais, igniting an
text: anti-war rally. Hugging a pair of Black Panthers outside a
text: courtroom, his face suffused with joy. In a swarm of student
text: activists outside a Federal courthouse, held on the shoulders
text: of the crowd like a conquering hero.
text: As his gaze lingers on the photographs:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ...and re-read that summation til I
dialog: knew it verbatim. You were my age
dialog: when you defended that case.
text: Eddie edgily pushes Roger past the photos.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I was never your age.
text: The SCARECROWS clamor for Eddie, e.g., "You gotta call my
dialog: parole officer!" and "Did we get the continuance?" Eddie
text: ignores. Addresses his secretary.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Billy -- this here's Roger, the new
dialog: assistant.
text: Eddie wheels away, answers the RINGING PHONE (grunting a
text: perfunctory promise into it), then gestures for Straight-
text: Arrow and Slick Couple to come into his inner office. Roger
text: starts to follow, but Eddie shuts his inner office door behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You want to be an "assistant" or an
dialog: "associate"?
text: Roger turns to see Billy tugging on her denim jacket.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Some of them like "assistant," some
dialog: like "associate". Up to you.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- How many others are there?
text: As Billy, wearing a slight smirk, bustles out the door:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You're the current one.
text: Roger wistfully watches her go. OS, he HEARS:
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: You Eddie's new partner?
text: SCARECROW 1 is standing a tad too close for comfort. Still,
text: Roger is grateful for the attempt at friendliness.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Not exactly. Well, kind of.
text: Roger flinches, lets out an involuntary YELP as Scarecrow
text: grabs his lapels, shakes him.
speaker_heading: SCARECROW
dialog: You gotta call my parole officer!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE CORRIDOR - DAY - A FEW WEEKS LATER
text: A spruce ASSISTANT D.A. (GLENN FULTON) jauntily exits a
text: courtroom. Followed by a grim-faced Eddie, with Roger and
text: CLYDE GRUNER, a sullen, street-hardened PUNK.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (to his client)
dialog: Clyde, you wait here.
dialog: (to the D.A.)
dialog: Glenn, got a minute?
speaker_heading: FULTON
dialog: I had a minute before the Mapp hearing --
dialog: but I couldn't get you on the phone,
dialog: Eddie...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah, well I had reasonable cause to
dialog: believe the judge might've heard of
dialog: the Fourth Amendment.
text: We TRACK with Fulton, Eddie and Roger as they thread through
text: the THRONG of milling lawyers, clients, relations and cops.
speaker_heading: FULTON
dialog: Hey -- Gruner was caught with three
dialog: pounds of methedrine. The legality
dialog: of the search and seizure was the
dialog: only issue. The Judge refused to
dialog: exclude the evidence. No deal.
text: He turns a corner. So does Eddie.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No it's not the only issue. There's
dialog: another issue, for the jury. What
dialog: about entrapment?
speaker_heading: FULTON
dialog: What about entrapment?
text: Fulton veers into the Men's Room. Eddie follows.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM
text: Roger enters, behind Eddie.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Glenn, the government sent an
text: undercover cop to dangle the lure of
dialog: fantastic profits before Clyde
text: Gruner's eyes. Anyone so sorely
dialog: tempted might succumb!
text: Roger lingers at the sink as Eddie follows Fulton to the
dialog: urinals.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We don't prosecute people because in
dialog: the abstract they might be weak.
dialog: Judge Brandeis said it best:
dialog: Entrapment is a "dirty business!"
speaker_heading: FULTON
dialog: Can't I take a simple piss without --
text: Eddie's voice trembles with outrage and inspiration.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Don't you see? Planting the idea of
dialog: being a criminal is just one step
dialog: away from planting the evidence!
text: Fulton flushes. Grudgingly:
speaker_heading: FULTON
dialog: Haven't heard that one before, Ed.
dialog: (zips up, sighs)
dialog: But I guess I'll be hearing it again.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Not necessarily...
text: Roger backs out of the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Clyde is standing out here. Roger has nothing to say to Clyde.
text: He goes to the water fountain for a very long sip.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LAW OFFICE - EARLY EVENING
text: At this hour, the office is empty. As EDDIE and ROGER enter:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Nevins stopped by. It's on your desk.
text: As he lopes toward his inner office:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We pleaded out Clyde Gruner to five
dialog: years' probation.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Score another point for truth and
dialog: justice.
text: Eddie stops, shoots Billy a "fuck you too" look. Then turns
text: to Roger and staunchly reaffirms:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The last struggle for constitutional
dialog: rights is being waged over drugs...
scene_heading: INT. INNER OFFICE
text: Atop his desk is a package wrapped in newspaper. Eddie tears
text: it open, revealing small bills bundled with rubber bands. As
dialog: he counts the cash:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And we're in the ring, Roger, doing
dialog: battle with Big Brother.
text: Roger turns away from the drug money, embarrassed and ashamed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OUTER OFFICE - NIGHT - LATER
text: Now Billy is gone as well. ROGER sits in his cramped anteroom
text: of an office, mechanically making notes. OS, there's a KNOCK.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: 'S' open.
text: He doesn't bother looking up -- who cares which East Village
text: doper or Yuppie coke dealer it is? But then he hears:
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: ...Edward Dowd?
scene_heading: ANGLE - TWO ORIENTAL WOMEN
text: are in the outer office. One is college-age, assimilated.
text: The other is in her early 40s, with the aspect of an
text: immigrant. A vinyl satchel is slung over her shoulder. The
text: younger woman has come -- reluctantly, it seems -- to
dialog: translate for the older.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: Edward Dowd, please.
text: Roger gets up from his desk. Hurries into the big room.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I'm Roger Baron -- Mr. Dowd's
dialog: associate. Can I help you?
text: The Immigrant anxiously peers past Roger. She knows he's not
dialog: Edward Dowd.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
text: Mrs. Kim needs a lawyer. Her son
text: stabbed a man to death.
text: In response Mrs. Kim -- who evidently understands English --
text: makes a passionate point, in a foreign tongue.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
text: It was self-defense. In prison.
text: This clarification elicits another burst from Mrs. Kim.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Eddie...
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: (amends)
dialog: He didn't belong there in the first
dialog: place. Eight years for a murder he
dialog: didn't commit.
dialog: (adds)
dialog: I'm her neighbor's daughter.
dialog: Without turning away:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Eddie...
text: Finally Eddie comes striding in from his office. Waving away
text: a cloud of pot smoke that's followed him out. He gives the
text: women his patented reassuring smile.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'm Eddie Dowd. What's up?
text: Mrs. Kim starts in again, rapid-fire. The Translator spews:
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: Her son didn't shoot anybody. He's
dialog: the wrong guy. You meet him, you see
dialog: he wouldn't stab a guy for fun.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: He shot a man and stabbed a man?
text: Mrs. Kim violently shakes her head as she chatters.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: He didn't shoot anybody! Eight years
dialog: in jail! The wrong guy! A good boy.
dialog: From a fine home in Seoul, Korea.
dialog: Shu Kai Kim.
text: Mrs. Kim finally quiets. The Translator takes a breath. And
dialog: explains:
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: That's his name. Shu Kai Kim.
text: Eddie nods, solemnly taking all this in. Then:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'll bet he's a wonderful boy.
text: Roger watches Eddie, to see where he's going. Hides his
text: disappointment when he hears:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: But I can't help him. You see I have
dialog: a specialty. Lawyers specialize,
dialog: Mrs. Kim, and these days I do
dialog: mostly...
text: He doesn't bother explaining.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Anyway, I couldn't even go see your
text: son without looking at the files on
dialog: his case, first.
text: In response Mrs. Kim swings her satchel -- bulging with Shu's
text: files -- into Eddie's arms. It's like taking a medicine ball
text: to the chest. When he catches his breath:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: How did you find me?
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: (over Mrs. Kim)
dialog: She went to all the courthouses. She
dialog: talked to pot smokers, pill sellers...
dialog: They all speak of you, they all say
dialog: the same thing.
text: Eddie can't help but puff up a little.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What do they say?
text: Mrs. Kim answers in Korean. Translator hesitates. Then:
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: You do cases cheap.
text: Roger stifles a laugh. Eddie lowers Mrs. Kim's satchel to
text: the floor and places a hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Tell you what. Mr. Baron and I will
dialog: review your material and get back to
dialog: you as soon as possible.
text: Mrs. Kim intently peers at Eddie to gauge his sincerity. He
text: boldly meets her gaze as he steers her to the door.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Thank you for stopping by.
text: Evidently convinced, Mrs. Kim makes a parting remark.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: She thanks you in advance for saving
dialog: her son.
text: Eddie flashes one last smile, then closes the door on the
text: women. Roger shakes his head, bemused and moved.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: "She thanks you in advance for saving
dialog: her son."
text: He picks up the vinyl satchel, starts pulling out papers.
text: Eddie feels compelled to poison the moment.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Talk about hard-sell, huh?
text: He snorts, incredulous, as he crosses the room.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Show me a guy who's not somebody's
dialog: son.
text: Roger looks up at this remark. Then sets down the satchel.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S INNER OFFICE
text: Eddie has re-lit his evening joint. As he settles back to
text: enjoy it, there's Roger in the doorway.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- Hit?
text: Rather than reach for the joint, Roger mops his brow.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Whew. That was close... We almost
text: defended a guy who wasn't a dealer.
dialog: Who knows, might even be innocent.
text: Eddie chuckles, defensive. Then:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We have a full caseload, Rog.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Right, I forgot... We're pledged to
dialog: protect every mid-level drug dealer
text: in the Tri-state area.
dialog: (shivers)
dialog: It's an awesome responsibility.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I don't venerate drug dealers, Roger.
dialog: To the contrary.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Of course.
scene_heading: THE OUTER OFFICE
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: ...through use of informants,
text: eavesdropping, unreasonable search
dialog: and seizure...!
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Right. You're right.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Damn right I'm right.
text: Roger starts for the door. Stops. Turns.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: It's just... I leave behind friends,
dialog: family, a coupla good job offers in
dialog: Chicago and in three dizzying weeks
dialog: I've helped acquit a coke dealer, a
dialog: speed dealer --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I specialize, Roger...
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- an angel dust dealer --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'm not a kid anymore, I can't be
dialog: all over the map --
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- a speed manufacturer --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: So go take your job on Wall Street.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Don't tell me where to work. I moved
dialog: to New York to work for Edward Dowd.
dialog: But I can't believe that Edward Dowd
dialog: has nothing better to do these days
dialog: than invoke exalted legal issues to
dialog: get off guilty little --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hey. You plan to be a criminal defense
dialog: attorney, know this going in:
dialog: Everybody's guilty.
text: This buys Roger's silence, for two beats. Then, sadly:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You wouldn't've said that ten years
dialog: ago.
text: He grabs his briefcase. Starts for the door. As he swings it
dialog: open he HEARS:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Ten years is a long time.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (stops, turns)
dialog: Look -- I'm tired, I'll see you in
dialog: the morning, Eddie.
text: Eddie watches him walk out. Drops the joint and vengefully
text: grinds it out on the floor. To the closed door:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Long time.
text: Alone, now, he surveys his shabby domain and sighs, deeply.
text: As he exhales, Eddie seems to be trying to blow away all the
text: pot smoke that has clouded the room and shrouded his heart.
text: Then he shambles across the office and through the door that
text: leads to his living quarters. We TRACK with EDDIE past a
text: kitchenette equipped with no labor-saving devices into:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Small, and beyond spartan. Single bed in one corner, plain
text: wooden bureau opposite. The only color is provided by Eddie's
text: festive trial ties, casually strewn. Eddie's bedroom is not
text: unlike a cell we saw at the beginning of the movie.
text: Eddie stands at the window, trying to stare past the security
text: bars into the New York night. But all he can see is his
dialog: reflection.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - EARLY NEXT MORNING
text: ROGER is roused from sleep by a persistent KNOCKING. He
text: stumbles out of bed, staggers to the door.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- Yeah?
speaker_heading: EDDIE'S VOICE
dialog: (through the door)
dialog: We're late. Let's get going!
text: Roger opens up. Eddie looks alarmingly revved.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Ossining Correctional Facility. Sing
dialog: Sing. Everybody's innocent there,
dialog: man... Just ask 'em...
scene_heading: EXT. ROUTE 9 - LATER
text: Wending north along the Hudson. ANGLE Eddie's rusty old Buick
text: Riviera as it wheezes its way upstate. OVER:
speaker_heading: ROGER'S VOICE
dialog: At 16 Shu Kai Kim emigrated with his
dialog: family from Korea to New York...
scene_heading: INT. RIVIERA - MOVING
text: Roger extracts the pertinent info from the newspaper clippings
text: in Mrs. Kim's files.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: Kim got busted at 19 for burglary.
dialog: At 20 he was convicted in the shooting
dialog: death of a young Chinese gang lord...
dialog: The prosecution claimed Kim did it
dialog: to get into "the Joe Boys"?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Chinatown street gang.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Kim denied it. But he admitted the
dialog: gun was his, and he got life. Seems
dialog: to have been an okay prisoner for
dialog: eight years, til the... incident
dialog: with Duane Lindeman.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- The Nazi he knifed?
text: But Roger is staring ahead now, speechless.
text: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD
text: The turrets and watchtowers of the Ossining Correctional
dialog: Facility loom... all too real...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PRISON
text: TWO CORRECTIONS OFFICERS lead the lawyers through a security
dialog: checkpoint.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
text: The room is large and bare but for a long wooden TABLE, four
text: chairs. Leaden light leaks through one high, barred window.
text: Eddie and Roger, on one side of the table, anxiously wait.
text: Roger jumps at the CRUNCH of a deadbolt lock, turning.
text: Two hefty OFFICERS enter escorting SHU, in manacles. One
text: pulls out the chair for Shu, the other sits him down. Eddie
text: waits for them to back out of the room and re-lock the door.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'm Eddie Dowd. I'm a lawyer. This
dialog: here's Roger Baron -- also a lawyer.
text: Shu's eyes, beady and suspicious, bore into Roger.
text: Roger wants to smile. But he can't. He stares down at his
dialog: notebook.
text: Now Shu peruses Eddie's long hair, peculiar suit.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: My mother find you?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: Figures.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (undaunted)
dialog: Want to tell me what went down here?
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: (very slowly)
dialog: Racist asshole came at me.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Exactly what happened then?
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: I killed the motherfucker.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: ...Okay...
text: Roger is now furiously scribbling notes; we can almost hear
text: him whimper.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The night that kid was shot to death
dialog: in Chinatown, you were... where?
text: Shu doesn't answer. Eddie reaches into his jacket pocket,
text: pulls out a pack of cigarettes. Offers one to Shu. Shu
text: wordlessly plucks the cigarette from his fingers, careful to
text: avoid any contact. Eddie lights it.
text: Now Roger wills himself to look up from his notebook.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: At the trial, you said you were at
dialog: your apartment that night. Alone.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- Remember?
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: (stubbornly)
dialog: That's eight years ago. Long time.
text: He studies his cigarette. No -- he's staring at the shackles
text: on his wrists. Stares for one, two, three beats. Gravely:
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: Real long time.
text: Eddie's eyes flicker: He's heard that phrase, or one quite
dialog: like it, somewhere before.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The lawyers head for Eddie's Riviera, in the visitor's lot.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ...So what would we claim? He stabbed
dialog: Duane Lindeman in self-defense?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: With two knives taped to his hands?
dialog: Forget it, Rog.
text: Roger sighs. Shrugs.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I feel like I've been mugged... Guy
dialog: scared the shit out of me. You made
dialog: your point, Eddie... I'm relieved
dialog: we're not taking the case.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We're taking the other case.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What other case?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Eight years ago. The Chinatown hit.
text: Roger stares, baffled, as Eddie orates.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Some gang punk gets wasted in front
dialog: of the tourists. The mayor pressures
text: the cops. The cops pressure the rival
text: gang -- the Joe Boys. The Joes give
dialog: up Shu Kai Kim -- the schmuck kid
dialog: from Korea who's been pestering 'em
dialog: to get in.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You really think that's what happened?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I don't know but it makes one hell
text: of an opening statement.
text: As they reach the Riviera, Eddie's in his all-the-world's-a-
text: courtroom mode; i.e., he shouts, does semaphore.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We prove Shu should never have been
text: imprisoned in the first place, D.A.
dialog: 'll back off the Lindeman charge...!
text: The lawyers climb in.
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- Easy as that, huh?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Easy? No... We have to find some
dialog: piece of evidence that got buried,
text: to reopen the sucker.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ...Are you sure we want that?
text: Eddie shifts into gear. Pensive, now, as he steers out of
dialog: the prison parking lot:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: He's a victim, Roger. He deserves to
text: see the sun again, breathe the air.
dialog: He's been in prison too goddamn long.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - LATE NIGHT - A FEW DAYS LATER
text: A block of warehouses in lower Manhattan, under the shadow
text: of the West Side Highway. Out of the drizzly darkness comes
text: the RIVIERA, headlights doused. The car GROANS to a halt.
text: Eddie and Roger climb out. Furtively glance around...
text: Roger follows Eddie to the fortified ENTRANCE of one of the
text: warehouses. Eddie KNOCKS (in a pattern) on the reinforced
text: steel door. Three sets of TUMBLERS TURN. The door opens.
text: Filling the doorframe is the imposing silhouette of a MAN in
text: Nikes, chinos and windbreaker that must be standard issue
text: for plainclothes cops. In a Darth Vader voice:
speaker_heading: COP (TOMMY)
dialog: Okay. C'mon.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE
text: BLACK. Then Tommy flicks ON a row of OVERHEADS, lighting a
text: long, tall aisle of gunmetal gray LOCKERS. Aisle after aisle,
text: in shadow, to either side. Reverently, to Roger:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: ...the Exhibit Warehouse.
scene_heading: END OF THE AISLE - LATER
text: Tommy paces, checking his Timex.
text: Eddie and Roger squat on the asphalt, sifting through piles
text: of paper. Each has two large boxes to process.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Transcript... transcript...
dialog: exhibits...
text: He pauses to to contemplate a grisly photo.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE PHOTO
text: A man's face, in 3/4 profile, with gaping entrance wound
text: above the left eye. The man is young, Asian, very dead.
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: Roger hurriedly tucks the picture away. But the next item he
dialog: comes upon is:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- The murder weapon.
text: He gingerly holds a sealed plastic bag sagging with the weight
text: of a handgun.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: They found four of Shu's fingerprints
dialog: on this thing.
text: Eddie impatiently glances over.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: When did you start working for the
dialog: goddam D.A.?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Eddie... I don't know about this...
text: But Eddie has already resumed his search.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: An hour later. Roger holds a form, yellowed with age.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Eddie... What's a DD-5?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: A Complaint Follow-Up form.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- Listen: "November 5, 1980. Cecil
dialog: Stipe walked into 5th Precinct. Says
dialog: he witnessed Chin shooting, saw
dialog: suspect's picture in Post. Says Shu
dialog: Kai Kim wrong man."
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: "Cecil Stipe"? Have we seen any
dialog: affadavit with that name?
text: Roger looks at Eddie, slowly shakes his head. Time stops.
text: Roger looks back down at the memo. Reads:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: "Also says he knows who killed
dialog: Kennedy."
text: Time starts again. Roger lets the memo flutter to the floor.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Keep looking. Something'll turn up.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: EDDIE'S HANDS
text: Reaching for another sheaf of documents. Rifling through the
text: pages, running his index finger down columns of text...
scene_heading: END OF THE AISLE - DAWN
text: Piles of paper everywhere. By the lawyers' haggard looks, we
text: know something didn't turn up. Tommy surveys the mess.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Clean-up time.
text: Eddie looks up, exhausted -- but scheming, still.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: How's your brother, Tommy?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You kept him out of the slammer and
dialog: I thank you, Dowd. But if you're not
text: gone before the day shift shows up,
text: I'm back to emptying parking meters.
text: Eddie surveys all this evidence, that they've been through
text: twice. Looks over at Roger.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That DD-5.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What, the lunatic who --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: "Cecil Stipe." Find it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MACDOUGAL STREET - MORNING - TWO DAYS LATER
text: KITTY GREER strides down the West Village street. Kitty's
text: 40, once cute, now simply sexy, and not apologetic about it.
scene_heading: INT. CAFFE REGGIO
text: The hangout that time forgot. Kitty finds the table where
text: Eddie and Roger sip espresso. With studied detachment:
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: Hi Eddie.
text: Eddie stands. Pulls out Kitty's chair.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Roger Baron, Kitty Greer.
dialog: (to Kitty)
dialog: Roger's my new associate. Top of his
dialog: class at Michigan Law.
text: Kitty smiles at Roger.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: You read Eddie's Chase Manhattan
dialog: Bombing summation in the Leftist Law
dialog: anthology?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- Eddie told you?
text: Eddie clears his throat. Kitty smiles some more.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: My skip-trace turned up two Cecil
dialog: Stipes. One's in Butte, Montana.
dialog: Other's at Riverhead Veterans
dialog: Psychiatric.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I'll take odds on Cecil Number Two.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: So what'd this guy do? Snitch off a
dialog: dealer?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Murder witness.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: You're doing a murder case?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: It hasn't been that long.
text: Kitty disagrees. She starts counting the years, to herself,
text: on her fingers. Before she can run out of fingers:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Stipe was just one of four
text: eyewitnesses who came forward, Kitty.
dialog: Y'oughta start looking for the
dialog: others...
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: Eddie, I'm not working on this case.
dialog: You boys have fun.
text: She checks her watch.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: I have business back on Planet Earth.
text: She stands.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Lemme guess. Some corporate V.P.'s
text: banging his secretary over lunch and
dialog: you have to focus your camera and
dialog: plug in your little tape recorder.
speaker_heading: KITTY
text: Beats getting paid in twenties by
dialog: slimedogs selling angel dust to high
dialog: school seniors.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Kitty, where exactly do you place
dialog: the microphone to catch the most
text: incriminating moans?
text: Roger is trying to disappear behind his espresso cup.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: Just which Constitutional amendment
dialog: protects our right to peddle PCP?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Forget it. You've blown your chance
dialog: to participate in this case, Kitty.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: I'm kicking myself, Eddie... Right
dialog: out of here.
text: She briskly exits the coffeehouse.
text: Eddie turns to Roger. Wearing a little grin.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We got her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERHEAD VETERANS PSYCHIATRIC - DAY
text: A gray edifice just outside a blue-collar Long Island town.
text: As Eddie and Roger ENTER:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You have to gently pressure a guy
dialog: like this to test whether he'll keep
dialog: it together on the stand...
scene_heading: INT. DAYROOM - CLOSE ON CECIL STIPE
text: Hollow-eyed, tousle-haired, late-30s. In pajama bottoms and
text: an olive-drab t-shirt.
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: Dr. Berger said you g-guys needed to
dialog: talk to me...?
scene_heading: WIDE - THE DAYROOM
text: Depressing in proportion to the attempts to make it cheery.
text: Eddie and Roger sit at a round wooden table we last saw in
text: nursery school. As he pulls out a chair, for a wary Stipe:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: 'lo, Cecil.
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: See-cil.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: See-cil. I'm Eddie Dowd, this is
dialog: Roger Baron. We're lawyers.
text: Stipe looks at Roger. Then at Eddie. To Eddie:
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: You're a l-lawyer?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I... I haven't had my meds, or m-my
dialog: vital signs t-taken yet. I...
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: Mr. Stipe. A young man named Jimmy
dialog: Chin was shot to death eight years
dialog: ago, in Chinatown. Do you remember
dialog: talking to the police?
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: (beat, then)
dialog: That guy they arrested -- he was the
dialog: wrong g-guy.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Cecil, we want to reopen the case,
dialog: and we can't without your testimony.
dialog: I want to use what you have to say
dialog: so badly -- but I must add, my friend,
dialog: that I think you're fucking full of
dialog: shit.
dialog: Roger winces: this is "gentle pressure"?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I think what Eddie wants to say is --
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: No! They g-got the wrong guy! I saw
dialog: it! The killer wasn't Chinese.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Oh come on, Cecil.
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: Hey, Chinese people have this energy
text: field that vibrates at a particular
dialog: frequency.
text: Eddie and Roger trade glances. Then:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Uh, Cecil... What's all this about
dialog: the Kennedy assassination?
text: Stipe's voice goes hollow. He should've known.
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: You're from the Company.
text: He anxiously peers past the lawyers -- as though looking for
text: a hospital orderly, as though looking for help.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: CIA?
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: Telephone.
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: I suppose you don't know the phone
dialog: company killed Kennedy because he
dialog: was trying to b-break it up -- and
dialog: they'll never let that happen. They
dialog: control everything: what you say in
dialog: the mouthpiece is never exactly what
text: comes out the other end, and --
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: The phone company was broken up.
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: (with muted contempt)
dialog: And you b-believe that.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- Cecil.
text: (places his hand over
dialog: Stipe's)
dialog: Are you what heroes are made of?
text: Stipe looks down at Eddie's hand, touching his own. Waits
text: for a lethal bolt of electricity. But nothing happens.
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: I did two tours in 'Nam...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Good. Now we're going to take an
dialog: affadavit from you, but only
dialog: concerning the facts of the Chinatown
dialog: shooting. We honestly don't give a
dialog: shit about the Kennedy assassination.
text: Stipe considers whether Eddie and Roger might be on the level.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Are you willing to testify that the
dialog: man you saw shoot Jimmy Chin was not
dialog: the man the cops arrested?
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: They g-got the wrong g-guy.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: When the D.A. hears I filed the writ,
dialog: he'll send someone here, maybe
dialog: claiming to be a journalist. That
dialog: person will ask you lots of questions.
dialog: Just be truthful, Cecil, okay? To
dialog: all of us?
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: I always t-tell the truth.
dialog: (sad smile)
dialog: That's why I'm here.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL DISTRICT COURT - MORNING - SIX WEEKS LATER
text: No jury. CECIL STIPE on the stand. Hair freshly cut, beard
text: trimmed. In a suit no worse than Eddie's best.
text: Eddie speaks softly, so as not to excite the mental patient.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: ...You told the Desk Sergeant you
dialog: were certain Mr. Kim wasn't the
dialog: killer?
dialog: (Stipe nods)
dialog: You left your telephone number?
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: Y-yes, sir.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Did the police make any attempt to
dialog: phone you, to follow up?
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: No, s-sir.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Stipe.
text: Eddie rejoins Roger at the defense table.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Rabin? You may cross-examine.
text: Assistant D.A. DEAN RABIN, 30, jumps up -- alert and vigilant,
text: as though he were the bodyguard of Justice herself.
speaker_heading: RABIN
dialog: Mr. Stipe, for how long have you
dialog: been a patient at the Riverhead
dialog: Veterans Psychiatric Hospital?
text: Overlapping, Eddie leaps up, ROARS:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Objection, your Honor! The fact that
dialog: the witness is currently a patient
dialog: is immaterial!
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Sustained.
speaker_heading: RABIN
dialog: Alright. Mr. Stipe, how long have
dialog: you resided at the Riverhead Veterans --
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Rabin, you're out of line. The
text: question is stricken.
text: But so, unfortunately, is Stipe: his whole body twitches.
text: Now Rabin moves in for the kill.
speaker_heading: RABIN
dialog: Mr. Stipe: you're under oath to tell
text: the truth and nothing but the truth.
dialog: Who killed President Kennedy?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- Objection! Irrelevant! The witness
dialog: is not an expert in --
speaker_heading: RABIN
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Your Honor, the question relates
text: directly to the witness's bail-
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: (overlapping; tremulous)
dialog: I'd l-like to answer the question.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Mr. Rabin has no right to --
speaker_heading: CLOSE - STIPE
text: He's answering. But, given the din of the lawyers' battle,
text: he can't be heard. Until the Judge POUNDS his gavel.
speaker_heading: STIPE
dialog: Lee... H-Harvey... Oswald.
dialog: To mouth this hideous lie has taxed all Stipe's strength and
dialog: self-control.
text: In mid-argument, Eddie stops shouting. He sits.
speaker_heading: RABIN
dialog: Never mind, your Honor.
text: He's left sheepishly smiling at the Judge, who's wondering
dialog: what the hell that was about.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CELL BLOCK - THAT AFTERNOON
text: Shu is escorted along the tier by TWO C.O.s.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Enter the two C.O.s, with SHU. EDDIE and ROGER wait here.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Shu, the judge has ordered a retrial
dialog: in the Chinatown murder case.
text: Shu's lips move. No sound emerges.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: If we can prove reasonable doubt on
dialog: your imprisonment eight years ago,
dialog: we feel sure the D.A. will reduce
dialog: the charge in Lindeman's death. You
dialog: may get out of here much sooner.
text: Now Shu is standing, breathing hard.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: Do I -- have to be in the courtroom?
text: Eddie knows that Shu isn't eager to relive the last trial.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The State won't want to retry an
dialog: eight-year-old case... At the pre-
dialog: trial conference, an offer'll be
dialog: made. Odds are we'll cut some kinda
dialog: deal.
text: Roger is searching Shu's face for a ray of hope. Instead he
dialog: hears, constricted:
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: -- I can't pay you.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (gently)
dialog: That's okay, Shu. We're not billing.
text: This makes Shu even more uncomfortable. His eyes bore into
text: Eddie's, searching for an answer.
text: Finally Eddie supplies it.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You've done enough time, Shu.
text: Shu holds Eddie's gaze for a beat. Then he nods. And then,
text: without expression, he backs out of the Conference Room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE - X-RAY POSITIVE
text: As we contemplate a man's shattered skull we hear:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: According to the evidence, the bullet,
text: the wound, the powder burns, Shu's
dialog: gun -- they're a perfect match.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S INNER OFFICE
text: Eddie sits at his desk, across from Roger.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hey. The cops tell the eyewitnesses,
dialog: "Don't doubt your ID, we got 'em
dialog: dead on the gun." Meantime they tell
dialog: their ballistics expert, "Hey, it's
dialog: cool -- three people saw the guy
dialog: fire the gun." It's a game, man. And
dialog: you know what?
text: As Eddie continues, Roger queasily flips through a stack of
text: forensic exhibits. We SEE x-ray positives of Jimmy Chin's
text: skull, prints of microscopic autopsy slides...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: In the eight years since the first
dialog: trial, advances in forensic ballistics
dialog: analysis will enable us to piss on
dialog: the evidence.
text: The phone starts RINGING.
text: Now the door swings open -- it's KITTY. As she casually strips
text: off her overcoat:
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: Of the prosecution's three original
dialog: eyewitnesses, one's dead, one's moved
dialog: to Montreal and won't budge...
text: Kitty catches Roger watching her with a look of pleasant
text: surprise. With a little smile:
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: You getting this?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- Every word.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: (sits)
dialog: But they've still got Laura Gordon --
dialog: and she was the closest, about 20
text: feet from the killer.
text: Eddie appears untroubled.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Gee, maybe she saw the gun.
text: He pulls a joint from the desk drawer and lights up.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Do you have to do that?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: "Have to"? No...
text: He takes a hit. Then turns to Kitty.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Start looking into the Joe Boys --
dialog: who assigned the hits in 1980, what
dialog: rank generally did the hits...
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Your extensive law enforcement
dialog: contacts should be of some use.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: (to Roger)
dialog: I was never politically correct enough
dialog: for Comrade Dowd.
text: The phone starts RINGING again. Shouting through the wall:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Billy...
text: No result. So Eddie picks up, as Kitty and Roger continue
dialog: TALKING, in b.g.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah. Who?
text: Eddie grinds out his joint. Signals his colleagues to shut
text: up. His customary braggadocio giving way to bafflement:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Put him through.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Speaking.
dialog: (listens, then)
dialog: Sure. Fine. See you then.
text: Eddie hangs up.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That was Donald Reynard.
text: Roger has heard of Reynard. With a trace of incredulity:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: The Manhattan D.A.?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK ATHLETIC CLUB
text: On Central Park South. Where Manhattan's oligarchs go to
text: stay hungry. Several generations of WASPs stride in and out,
text: attache cases in their left hands, racquets in their right.
text: EDDIE hurriedly enters this sanctum of health and wealth,
text: too self-conscious to notice the startled WASPs noticing
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB BAR
text: With a Rare Book Room ambience. A MAITRE D' steers an edgy
text: Eddie past POWER BROKERS who stop brokering, briefly, to
text: gape at this bizarre interloper. Excepting one self-absorbed
text: MAGNATE who pontificates on the trade gap at FOUR REPORTERS.
text: Eddie is delivered to a table in the center of the room.
text: Settled here, sipping a scotch, is Manhattan D.A. DONALD
text: REYNARD: mid-40s, sharp-featured, soigne. At Reynard's elbow
text: sits Dean Rabin. Wearing a vindictive little grin.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: Mr. Reynard...?
text: Head bowed, Eddie awkwardly thrusts out a hand.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Edward T. Dowd.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: (shaking)
dialog: Don Reynard.
text: He offers Eddie a seat. Indicates the human terrier at his
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Of course you know Dean Rabin, one
dialog: of my Assistant D.A.s. Dean generally
dialog: handles nuisance cases like the...
dialog: what's the man's name?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Shu Kai Kim.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: You won't remember this, but in '72
dialog: I was one of several prosecutors
dialog: assigned to the Black Panther-Police
dialog: Shootout.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: We had a whole team, and you walked
dialog: into court by yourself and kicked
dialog: our collective butt.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So what've you been up to since then?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: This and that.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: My staff tells me it's been mostly
dialog: drug pushers... I said that can't be
dialog: the same Edward Dowd.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: It's in the area of narcotics, Mr.
dialog: Reynard, that the government tramples
dialog: on the Fourth Amendment.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Let's not drag the Constitution into
dialog: this.
text: Rabin can contain himself no longer.
speaker_heading: RABIN
dialog: Mr. Dowd, you used the testimony of
text: a paranoid schizophrenic to overturn
dialog: a murder conviction that had stood
dialog: unchallenged for eight years. Now we
dialog: don't intend to sit back and --
text: Reynard holds up a palm, silencing Rabin.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: What you did was very cynical. I'm
dialog: annoyed with you, Ed.
dialog: Clearly a supreme understatement.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'm sorry if I've ruined your day,
dialog: Mr. Reynard. But my client's had a
dialog: rough eight years behind bars and --
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Your client is guilty. Don't dick
dialog: around with me.
text: Rabin glows. He's getting revenge, albeit vicariously.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Back in the Seventies I spent years
text: putting away gangsters in a Colombian
dialog: syndicate called "the Ochoa". These
dialog: guys are very dangerous, Ed. When I
dialog: hear that a small-time dope lawyer
dialog: is conniving to spring one of these
dialog: guys, I see red.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'd have that checked, Mr. Reynard.
text: Reynard is not amused.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Now maybe you got this case reopened
dialog: because you see yourself as a thorn
dialog: in society's side, or you want to
dialog: walk into any restaurant in Chinatown
dialog: and get free dumplings...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Are you implying that my motives are
dialog: less than sincere?
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Yes, but that's not the issue. What's
dialog: on your wish list, Ed? Pleading Kim
dialog: out to first degree man on both
dialog: homicides, with an agreed sentence
dialog: of 15 to life running concurrent?
dialog: Come on... What're you looking for
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What am I looking for? You're the
dialog: one talking deal.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
text: Friday's the drop-dead date on the
dialog: offer.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Please don't bullshit me, Mr. Reynard.
dialog: You've got witness problems, you've
dialog: got proof problems...
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: You're my only problem, Ed. What
dialog: does it take to make you go away?
text: Eddie doesn't have to ponder long.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: 8-1/3 on both counts to run
dialog: concurrent, and credit for time
dialog: served.
text: Reynard pretends to do some calculations.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: I see: He'd walk out next month.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: We reconvict, your man's looking at
dialog: 25 years on two counts, served
dialog: consecutively. So what I'd like to
dialog: ask, Ed, is: Are you joking?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (rising)
dialog: I never joke about waiving a client's
dialog: Sixth Amendment right to trial.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: You're pissing me off again, Ed.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You know you're very tense, Mr.
dialog: Reynard. Y'oughta take a week off,
dialog: fly the wife and kids to Oahu.
text: Eddie turns. As he lopes away --
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Don't forget: after Friday, no deal.
scene_heading: ANGLE - A REPORTER
text: at the Trade Gap table sniffs a story.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Eddie waits for the elevator. And HEARS a confidential:
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Excuse me... Len Davis.
text: Eddie turns.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Looks like you've wriggled up
dialog: Reynard's ass... What gives?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You're not a reporter...?
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Daily News.
text: He reaches for his press card. The elevator arrives.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I can't talk to you.
text: Eddie boards. Slow enough that the Reporter has time to follow
text: him in. The door closes.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - ON THE ELEVATOR DOOR
text: as it opens; Eddie and the Reporter step out. The Reporter
text: madly scribbles notes as Eddie declaims.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: ...not saying there was a conspiracy.
text: Law enforcement is too disorganized
dialog: for that... No, I suspect sloth was
dialog: the culprit -- lassitude... My client
dialog: made a convenient patsy...
text: They stride past CAMERA, Eddie just warming up, as we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAFFE REGGIO - NEXT NIGHT
text: At this hour, the espresso has given way to red wine. KITTY,
text: EDDIE, ROGER and assorted West Village characters have taken
text: over a table in the middle of the room.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: "Edward C. Dowd, retained to defend
dialog: Mr. Kim, has disclosed that a witness
dialog: will corroborate Mr. Kim's alibi"?
text: Roger reads from the Daily News -- everyone at the table has
text: a copy. On an inner page is a file photo of Eddie under the
dialog: headline "Stunning Revelations in 'Wrong Man' Murder Case."
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I embellished.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: "Dowd also reports that his team of
dialog: private investigators..."?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I embroidered.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: "...are close to naming the man they
dialog: believe actually killed Jimmy Chin"?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I lied.
text: Roger gives Eddie a thin smile.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Shoulda told the one about Shu being
dialog: the bastard child of Mother Theresa.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (smiles back)
text: Saving it for the Sunday Times.
text: Eddie stands, stretches.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'm heading home -- get some sleep...
scene_heading: EXT. MACDOUGAL STREET - NIGHT
text: As Eddie starts north, a STREET DEALER calls from the shadows:
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: STREET DEALER
dialog: Hey Eddie... Loose joints? Buy one,
dialog: get one free.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I get 'em all free.
scene_heading: ON SHERIDAN SQUARE
text: Eddie crosses Seventh Avenue. Pulls out his keys, to let
text: himself into his building. OS, hears:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hey, Eddie.
text: A MAN stands, silhouetted, at the top of the subway stairs.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Spare a quarter?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: reaches back into his pocket. And gets RAKED across the jaw
text: with a short length of PIPE.
speaker_heading: HIS ASSAILANT
text: is a muscular PUNK in a black sleeveless t-shirt. Two black
text: teardrops tattooed on his cheek. In a WHISPER:
speaker_heading: PUNK
text: Race traitor. Gook lover.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STAIRS
text: The Punk flings a stunned Eddie halfway down the stairs, to
text: continue the beating out of plain sight. On the landing, the
text: men bob back and forth, drunken dance partners --
text: -- and then Eddie manages to grab the Punk's face, squeezing
text: it with his ebbing strength, SMUDGING the TEARDROPS.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: puzzles, for an instant, at the smeared "tattoos".
speaker_heading: THE PUNK
text: senses something's awry. In his eyes, a flicker of panic.
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: Then the Punk's eyes go cold again as he smashes Eddie's
text: head against the tile. As Eddie collapses:
speaker_heading: PUNK
dialog: Enemy of the Aryan People.
text: Punctuated with a kick of his combat boots. Eddie curls up
dialog: to protect himself.
speaker_heading: PUNK
text: Commie. Faggot. Motherfucker. Jew.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (gasps)
dialog: -- Only half.
text: For this, Eddie gets another kick. Then the ultimatum, told
dialog: as a "Confucious say" joke:
speaker_heading: PUNK
dialog: Aryan Warriors say: If the Chink
dialog: goes to trial, you die.
text: Eddie groans, his eyes roll back. FADE to BLACK. While the
text: SCREEN stays BLACK, we HEAR:
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE 1'S VOICE
dialog: In my humble opinion, Mr. Dowd, you
text: opened a Pandora's box of ugly shit.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT - LATER
text: EDDIE, in the Detective Bullpen -- ice pack pressed to his
text: bruised jaw -- leafs through a mugbook. ROGER, beside him,
text: addresses a DETECTIVE, across the desk.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Oh, Eddie deserved this. I guess
dialog: rape victims want to get laid at
text: gunpoint.
text: But Eddie could care less. Indicating the mugbook:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: These are all the known Aryan Warriors
dialog: in New York?
text: IN THE BOOK
text: Mugshots and descriptions, four to a page. Several subjects
text: sport the teardrop tattoos.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (O.S.)
dialog: Every last delightful one.
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: Eddie stops paging. Squints.
scene_heading: CLOSE - A MUGSHOT
text: of the Punk. Sure enough, no teardrops on his face. His name:
scene_heading: CHUCKIE ROEDER.
text: Eddie's HANDS enter FRAME. His fingertips still smudged with
text: black ink, from Roeder's cheeks.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Eddie studies the photo, his fingertips. Abruptly shuts the
dialog: mugbook.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Y'don't mind, I'll look some more
text: tomorrow. Starting to see double.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE HEADQUARTERS
text: As they emerge, Roger grips Eddie's upper arm, to steady
text: him. Quietly:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: His name is Chuckie Roeder. But
dialog: something's very weird.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- You found his mugshot?
text: They round the corner. In b.g. is the County Coroner's Office;
text: official AMBULANCES are double-parked in front.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The tears... they weren't real.
text: Roger gives Eddie a questioning look.
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EXPRESSWAY - LATE NIGHT
text: As we TIGHTEN on Eddie's wheezing RIVIERA we HEAR, OVER:
speaker_heading: ROGER'S VOICE
dialog: I don't believe we're going to talk
text: to a bunch of Nazis. At night.
speaker_heading: EDDIE'S VOICE
dialog: They only think they're Nazis.
scene_heading: INT. RIVIERA - MOVING
text: Roger drives. Eddie, in the passenger seat, massages his
text: swollen jaw. In his free hand are scribbled directions.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: They're just frightened, fucked-up
dialog: losers that prison fucked up worse.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (tense, snaps)
dialog: I didn't ask for a closing argument.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: There's no one else to talk to. The
dialog: tattoos were phony!
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- Yeah?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: So an upstanding member of the Aryan
dialog: Warriors wouldn't paint them on.
dialog: They take those teardrops seriously --
dialog: they're badges of courage, of honor.
dialog: Only their most vicious killer elite
dialog: get to wear them...!
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I feel much better now.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hey, Clyde Gruner sold these guys a
dialog: pound of crystal meth at cost. We're
dialog: Clyde's buddies, it's cool.
dialog: (checks the directions)
text: Next exit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROW HOUSES - LATE NIGHT
text: A desolate, sub-working-class-outpost on Staten Island.
text: Eddie KNOCKS on a door. Roger waits with trepidation. The
text: door is answered by:
speaker_heading: A BOY
text: Towheaded, in pajamas. No more than eight years old.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hi there. Is your daddy home?
scene_heading: INT. ARYAN WARRIOR HOUSE
text: The little boy GIGGLES, then leads Eddie and Roger through a
text: nightmare LIVING ROOM strewn with pizza cartons, shotgun
text: shells and dogshit. A MAC-10 submachine gun is propped in a
text: corner. In another corner, an old b&w TV. Flickering across
text: the screen: a rerun of "Love, American Style." TWO ARYAN
text: WARRIORS were slumped in front of it, swigging generic beer
text: while ogling the '60s bikini queens. Now they sit up straight
text: and reach for the guns as the lawyers pass, into:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: The little boy wraps his arms around a pair of legs. ANGLE
text: UP on a young man whose face is marred by a single teardrop
dialog: tattoo.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'm a friend of Clyde Gruner's...
text: The walls are decorated with white power posters, portraits
dialog: of Hitler and Jesus.
speaker_heading: TEARDROP
dialog: We know who you are. You're the race
text: traitor who's defending the gook.
dialog: O.S. we hear:
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: You've got balls coming here.
text: Eddie and Roger turn. Behind them another Aryan Warrior has
text: materialized. Chewing a Slim Jim.
speaker_heading: SLIM JIM
dialog: We respect balls.
text: Roger exhales.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Who's Chuckie Roeder?
speaker_heading: TEARDROP
dialog: Chuck? Rhymes with suck?
dialog: (cackles, then)
text: Chuckie Roeder is no longer a comrade
dialog: in the resurrection of our nation.
dialog: We expelled that faggot junkie last
dialog: year.
text: Eddie and Roger trade glances.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Do you know where he can be found?
speaker_heading: TEARDROP
text: Hanging with his tongue out and a
text: sign around his neck says "I Betrayed
dialog: My Race" along with the rest of
dialog: society's scum, on the Great Day of
dialog: the Rope.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Um... prior to the Great Day of the
dialog: Rope, where can Chuckie be found?
speaker_heading: TEARDROP
text: Mixing with mongrel races.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- A job? An address?
text: Teardrop doesn't answer. Hoping to help him out:
speaker_heading: SLIM JIM
dialog: Art supplies, right?
text: Teardrop shoots a look at Slim Jim. If looks could kill,
text: Slim Jim's brains would be decorating the walls.
text: Teardrop turns back to Eddie and Roger.
speaker_heading: TEARDROP
dialog: Now get the fuck out of here.
text: Instead Eddie steps forward, in Teardrop's face.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: A man jumped me tonight. He said he
dialog: was an Aryan Warrior, and you're
dialog: saying he wasn't. I have to hear it
dialog: really clear: You guys weren't behind
dialog: this.
text: Very slowly, so Eddie gets it straight:
speaker_heading: TEARDROP
dialog: If we were, you wouldn't be standing
dialog: here, asking.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RIVIERA - MOVING - EARLY MORNING
text: Route 9, North. An excited Roger drives, a little wildly, on
text: the empty road. Eddie stares out into the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OSSINING CORRECTIONAL FACILITY - DAYBREAK
text: ROGER is asleep, in the back seat of the Riviera. PAN TO:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: At the main gate, that isn't open
text: yet. Eddie stands still, head bowed,
text: hands clasped behind his back. A
text: supplicant. Waiting to get in.
scene_heading: INT. VISITORS ROOM - MORNING - LATER
text: Eddie and Shu are separated by a plexiglass pane. They talk
text: over telephones. Shu strives to remain impassive as he HEARS:
speaker_heading: EDDIE (O.S.)
dialog: Shu, the D.A.'s offered us a deal. I
dialog: can make a counter-offer I know he'd
dialog: accept. You'd be free in four years.
dialog: Shu's response:
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: Who did that to you?
text: Eddie worries his discolored jaw.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: An Aryan Warrior with black teardrops
text: painted on his face.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: "Painted"?
text: Eddie nods.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: That wasn't an Aryan Warrior.
text: Eddie nods.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: But why would a guy would do that?
text: Paint black teardrops on his face?
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: I guess he... wanted you to think he
dialog: was... somebody he wasn't.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: But why?
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: Maybe... because someone's afraid.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Afraid of what?
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: I don't know. The truth, maybe.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- About what?
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: About Chinatown. What went down.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What went down?
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: You tell me, man.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No. You tell me, Shu.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: How can I tell you what I don't know!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You can't. So tell me what you do
dialog: know -- say it!
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: I don't know shit, man! Goddammit --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well I know that you're innocent,
dialog: Shu -- even if you forgot.
text: Shu sucks in a breath. The curses are like stifled sobs.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: Shit... fucking... bitch bastard...
text: Tears are spilling down Shu's rock-hard cheeks.
text: Eddie brings his palm up against the plexiglass divider.
text: He's breathing hard too.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Shu. We take this deal, that's the
dialog: end. I don't look for the scumbag
dialog: that jumped me, don't get him on the
dialog: stand to tell the court who put him
dialog: up to it, don't go after the fuck
dialog: who put him up to it -- the fuck who
dialog: did the crime and let you do the
dialog: time... We take this deal, we walk
dialog: away without knowing what really
dialog: went down, never get a shot at nailing
dialog: some guilty bastard's balls to the
dialog: wall.
text: Shu swipes at his face, roughly wiping it dry.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: "No," what?
text: Now Shu raises his palm. Presses it against the plexiglass,
text: where Eddie's palm is. Slowly, emphatically:
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: Fuck the D.A.'s deal.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHINATOWN STREET - DUSK - VARIOUS SHOTS
text: Hungry tourists, hyper street vendors, harried locals...
text: Roasting chicken carcasses, counterfeit merchandise
text: aggressively hawked, tiny old ladies bent over bins, squeezing
text: strange fruits... The air a shivaree of piped-in flutes and
text: drums, dissonant mercantile chatter, clogged honking
dialog: traffic...
text: On Pell Street we FIND Eddie striding down the sidewalk,
dialog: nose in trial transcript. To himself:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Jimmy came east on Pell. He stopped
text: on the corner to a let a car go by.
text: Eddie stops.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: At the last instant he must've sensed
dialog: something. He turned --
text: Eddie looks up from the text, turns his head. There's:
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: About twenty feet away. He looks up from his transcript.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Laura Gordon stood here. No bus stop,
text: phone booth, stop sign in the way...
dialog: (chagrined)
text: She had a perfect view of the killer's
dialog: face.
text: Eddie adamantly shakes his head as he moves to Roger.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: But she couldn't have, could she,
dialog: because she thinks she saw Shu and
dialog: now we know she didn't see Shu...
text: Roger looks dubious. Eddie grabs his shoulders, marching him
dialog: east on Pell, the way Jimmy Chin came...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You're cruising along without a care
dialog: but now I'm stalking you, I'm right
dialog: behind you, there's rage in the air.
dialog: You feel the rage, like an electrical
dialog: charge -- you turn --
text: He yanks Roger's head around.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: I pull out a loaded gun --
text: Eddie shapes the fingers of his right hand like a gun.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- Time contracts, space explodes,
dialog: perceptions can't be trusted when I --
text: Eddie violently whips his finger-gun into Roger's face. Roger
text: flinches -- we HEAR a shattering GUNSHOT -- and we're in:
scene_heading: INT. FORENSIC BALLISTICS LAB - A FEW DAYS LATER
text: A forensic ballistics expert (GEORGE) has just test-fired
text: Shu's gun into a long wooden box. He and Roger remove their
dialog: ear-protectors. (Eddie hadn't bothered wearing one.) To Roger,
text: as he opens the box's lid:
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Some guys in the field, they'll try
dialog: to bullshit you that comparison
dialog: microscopy's an exact science.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ...Not exactly.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I'm saying, we need to finesse a
dialog: little, we'll finesse.
text: Eddie adamantly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: George -- I told ya -- ! We don't
dialog: need to finesse this one!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Jesus! Jump back...
text: He recovers the bullet with a pair of sterile forceps.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You wanna hang out, Eddie, I'll have
dialog: something preliminary in an hour.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: My associate'll wait, George. I've
dialog: got good news of my own to deliver.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CRIMINAL COURTS BUILDING - DAY - LATER
text: The D.A.'s office is on the south side of the building.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (V.O.)
dialog: Is Mr. Reynard expecting you?
scene_heading: INT. REYNARD'S RECEPTION AREA
text: Reynard's Receptionist is politely but terminally skeptical.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: This'll only take a minute.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: I'm sorry but Mr. Reynard is running
text: about an hour behind schedule.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Then just leave word: Mr. Dowd and
text: Mr. Kim plan to proceed with trial.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Grand, marbled. Eddie's footfalls ECHO as he lopes to the
text: stairs. And now he hears a deep, sepulchral:
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: ...Ed?
text: ANGLE - ROBERT REYNARD stands at the far end of the corridor,
text: shirt-sleeves rolled up, arms akimbo.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Did my girl hear your message
dialog: correctly?
text: Eddie ambles toward Reynard.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I guess so, or you wouldn't be
dialog: standing there, am I right?
text: The D.A. shakes his head, disappointed in himself.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Why did I think I could deal
text: reasonably with a man who defends
dialog: coke pushers for free?
text: The lawyers face off, salvos reverberating.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Coke pushers pay cash. That subsidizes
dialog: the pot possession cases.
text: D.A.s slip past, careful to stay out of the line of fire.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: But now you've strayed from your
dialog: area of expertise -- dope -- into
dialog: street assassins. A subject on which
dialog: you're dangerously ignorant.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: But I'm a quick study. Tell your
dialog: Deputy D.A. -- Rabin? -- that I'll
dialog: see him in court.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: No, Mr. Dowd, you'll see me in court.
dialog: I'm prosecuting this case.
text: Eddie takes a beat to absorb the news. Then:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Why am I surprised? It's consistent.
text: Reynard nods in solemn accord.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You seem to have a talent for putting
dialog: non-whites behind bars...
text: A frost settles on the District Attorney's face.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: I'll prosecute anyone who fucks up.
dialog: If that makes me look racist, it's a
dialog: trade-off I'll live with, Ed.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That's big of you, Bob.
text: He gives Reynard a farewell-for-now salute.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'll see vou in court.
text: He does a little pirouette. Reynard's words, swelling out,
text: follow him as he dances down the hall.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: I'll beat you, Ed. You can hide behind
dialog: the whole Bill of Rights...
text: Eddie hurriedly descends the stairs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WEST VILLAGE - THAT NIGHT
text: As we PAN the quaint townhouses and tenements we HEAR, OVER:
speaker_heading: EDDIE'S VOICE
dialog: You guys shoulda been there.
text: FIND a WINDOW in which THREE SILHOUETTES are seen. In the
text: context of the cityscape, there's a poignant -- even fearful --
dialog: sense of their smallness and isolation.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The fuckin' D.A. himself.
scene_heading: INT. OUTER OFFICE
text: Eddie paces, gesticulates.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Dude was quaking.
text: Finally Roger feels compelled to deliver bad news.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Uh, Eddie? The, um, ballistics guy,
dialog: George...? He called, and...
dialog: (uneasily)
text: His tests show that Shu's gun fired
dialog: the bullet that killed Jimmy Chin.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: George is a fucking burnout case. I
dialog: didn't want him on the stand anyway.
dialog: Get more names from Billy.
text: Eddie turns to Kitty.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Did you find me an expert witness on
dialog: the Joe Boys?
text: Kitty is nearly as reluctant as Roger.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: The best expert in New York is a Soc
dialog: professor at Columbia...
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Apparently doing a hit was the way
dialog: to get into the Joe Boys.
text: Eddie levels a "So what are you telling me?" look at Kitty.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: So there goes your theory about the
dialog: Joes giving up Shu to protect their
dialog: trigger man.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: But I like that theory. And since
dialog: I'm not putting Twerp Professor on
dialog: the stand, and since I don't have a
dialog: better theory, I'm sticking with
dialog: that theory. Meantime I want pictures
dialog: of the Joes. What'll you bet there
dialog: was a guy in the gang looked enough
dialog: like Shu to fool the eyewitnesses!
text: Kitty and Roger halfheartedly nod. Eddie tries a pep-talk.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Our guy is innocent. We prod in enough
dialog: places, I don't care how solid this
dialog: case against Shu looks -- there's a
dialog: weak spot somewhere and when we hit
dialog: it the whole hideous thing collapses.
dialog: Better yet, we get our hands on
dialog: Chuckie Roeder, we don't have to
text: grope in the dark. Chuckie is the
dialog: answer man!
text: Kitty snakes her head.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: I've phoned every art supply retailer
dialog: and wholesaler in the Tri-state area.
dialog: No one's heard of Chuckie Roeder.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Have you considered that Chuckie
dialog: Roeder's not calling himself Chuckie
dialog: Roeder these days? Get his mugshot
dialog: from one of the many law officers
dialog: who've got hotpants for you... then
dialog: canvass those art supplies places.
dialog: We're gonna win this one, Kitty, but
dialog: ya gotta believe...
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: Uneasy with Eddie's optimism, he stands, wanders back toward
text: the bathroom. Then notices that the door leading to Eddie's
text: living quarters is slightly a jar.
scene_heading: THROUGH THE OPEN DOOR
text: Roger sees a single bed in one corner, plain wooden bureau
text: opposite. But on the walls, something strange and beckoning.
text: As Eddie exhorts in b.g., Roger slips into:
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S BEDROOM
text: Hung on a hundred hooks and nails are as many TIES. The wide,
text: thrift-shop kind that Eddie wears to court. From a distance
text: we can't distinguish the prints; the room is lit only by a
text: blinking neon across the street. As Roger sifts through the
text: ties, we go in CLOSE on the big amoebas, the zaftig mermaids,
text: the oddball, dated patterns and paintings. It's as though
text: each tie stands for a case won or lost, but fought. As though
text: each loud, shameless tie is a piece of Eddie himself.
text: Now, as he pulls the ties from their hooks to examine them,
text: Roger exposes old PHOTOS tacked to the wall and forgotten.
speaker_heading: THE PHOTOS
text: are mostly yellow, cracked, faded. Here is EDDIE twenty-five
text: years ago, hair cropped, a Princeton undergrad. Five years
text: later he's sprouted a beard and is posed with his graduating
dialog: class at Yale Law School.
dialog: Now it's the glory days of the mid-sixties and Eddie's in
text: his prime, a longhaired defense attorney in denim and
text: leather... At a press conference, flanked by Abbie Hoffman
text: and Jerry Rubin. In Washington Square Park, igniting an anti-
dialog: war rally.
text: At a Sheep Meadow Be-in, arm around a lovely young woman,
text: toddler balanced on his shoulders, infant cradled in her
text: lap. Eddie's family on a long-ago spring day.
text: And here is Eddie, about 30, in a swarm of student activists
text: outside a Federal courthouse, clearly after winning an
text: acquittal, held high above the crowd like a conquering hero.
text: Now we BRING UP an excited BUZZ of VOICES -- as though the
text: crowd, in the photo, were somehow coming to life. OVER:
speaker_heading: JUDGE'S VOICE
dialog: Matter of People vs. Shu Kai Kim.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUPERIOR COURT - MORNING
text: We've hit the big time; it's clean, spacious, echoic. The
text: previous courtrooms were, by comparison, mere vestibules.
text: JUDGE QUEALY BANGS his GAVEL.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: This case has been tried before, but
dialog: you the jurors must make no...
text: Now the Judge notices something amiss. He squints --
text: AT THE DEFENSE TABLE
text: There's SHU. With his new bristly growth of head-hair and
text: oversized suit, he appears thin and mild-mannered, almost
text: bookish. At Shu's left sits ROGER, looking around, bemused.
text: The chair at Shu's right is empty.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: -- Where is Mr. Dowd?
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM
text: Eddie is alone in here, at the sink. He's just doused his
text: face. He examines his reflection in the dirty mirror, trying
text: hard to like what he sees. HOLD for several silent BEATS as
text: Eddie gathers his strength and courage. Then:
speaker_heading: REYNARD (V.O.)
dialog: You will hear from the detectives
dialog: who arrested Shu Kai Kim and found
text: the murder weapon in his apartment.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Eddie has now taken his seat beside Shu. Reynard is in the
text: midst of his opening statement.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
text: An eyewitness will testify that she
dialog: saw Mr. Kim shoot Jimmy Chin in cold
text: blood. An expert who examined Kim's
text: gun, and the bullet that tore through
dialog: Jimmy Chin's brain, will testify
dialog: that Shu Kai Kim was the killer.
text: He strides over to the jury box.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: But this trial is about much more
dialog: than Mr. Kim's guilt. It's a test of
dialog: our legal system -- the fairest,
dialog: most liberal in the world, in world
dialog: history... So fair and liberal that
dialog: lawyers like Mr. Dowd can manipulate
dialog: it on a whim to re-try convicted
dialog: killers. Well that's a trade-off we
dialog: can live with, provided we have the
dialog: courage to meet our civic obligations.
dialog: You twelve are all that stand between
dialog: society and every Shu Kai Kim itching
dialog: to get free. Quite a responsibility.
dialog: But one I know that each of you can
dialog: handle.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: EDDIE paces off a large circle -- a territorial act in which
text: he is claiming the courtroom as his.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Picture this. In a part of town that
dialog: thrives on its spirit of
dialog: celebration... good food, friendly
text: faces... one young man walked up to
text: another, out on the street, in front
text: of the tourists, and committed murder.
text: As Eddie pivots, we see that his hair is pulled back with a
text: bright blue ribbon. The Jurors see this, too. If he didn't
dialog: have it before, Eddie's now got their full attention.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I wonder if Chinatown's shopkeepers
dialog: and restaurant owners pleaded with
dialog: the Mayor... I wonder if the Mayor
dialog: put pressure on the Police
dialog: Commissioner...
text: Eddie jigs over to the jury box.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What do you think the Mayor said to
dialog: the Police Commissioner? I think the
dialog: Mayor said, "Arrest somebody...
text: He's trailed off; the last word is whispered. As he opens
dialog: his mouth again --
text: -- TWELVE JURORS crane forward to hear.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: ...ANYBODY!"
text: An older woman GASPS. The others merely flinch.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: The homicide detectives lead off. First up is MONTELL. Early
text: 40s, beefy, black, with a tough-but-fair persona.
text: Reynard concluding his direct.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: And so, having brought Mr. Kim in
dialog: for booking, you arranged a line-up
text: with six other Asian males.
speaker_heading: MONTELL
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: And the results of the line-up?
speaker_heading: MONTELL
text: All the eyewitnesses picked Kim.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Eddie smiles broadly at Montell, who smiles back. Then:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Isn't it a fact that the "six other
dialog: Asian men" in the line-up were all
dialog: of the classic Mongoloid type, whereas
dialog: Shu has the distinct facial bone
dialog: structure of a Korean?
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Objection. The witness is not an
dialog: expert in racial classification.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Isn't it a standard trick to pack a
text: line-up with men who resemble each
dialog: other but look different than the
dialog: suspect, so the suspect will stand
dialog: out for the eyewitnesses?
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Argumentative.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Sustained.
text: Eddie takes a beat, flashes another smile. Montell
text: reciprocates. Now Eddie shifts into his empathetic mode.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You had to use less than scrupulous
dialog: methods, true? The Mayor was pushing
dialog: you hard for an arrest, wasn't he?
text: Montell sadly shakes his head. As empathetic as Eddie:
speaker_heading: MONTELL
dialog: I don't want to disappoint you. But
dialog: the Mayor and I have never spoken.
text: A few TITTERS in the GALLERY.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I was being metaphorical, Detective
dialog: Montell.
speaker_heading: MONTELL
dialog: Is that a fancy way of being wrong?
text: The half-dozen REPORTERS can barely suppress their snickers.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - NEXT DAY
text: Next up is SKLAROFF, a coiled, rangy cop in his late 30s.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Exactly what information led you to
dialog: arrest my client just two-and-a-half
dialog: hours after the shooting took place?
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: We had a description of the suspect.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: A "description"? What, Asian male 18
dialog: to 30, black hair, brown eyes?
dialog: From the prosecution table --
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Badgering.
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: We had intelligence.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You had intelligence...?
text: Phrased to sound as likely as peace in Beirut. Sklaroff
text: struggles to contain his resentment. Carefully:
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: We had information bearing on Mr.
dialog: Kim's desire to gain admission into
text: the Joe Boys by assassinating a member
text: of a rival gang.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Didn't this "information" come from
dialog: the Joe Boys themselves -- did they
dialog: not all but hand you Shu Kai Kim, a
dialog: Korean, an outsider?
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Objection! Your Honor, this isn't
dialog: cross-examination, it's Mr. Dowd's
text: opening argument again -- and again,
dialog: it's pure fabrication.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Sustained.
text: Eddie essays another line of attack.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Isn't it unusual for a man who's
dialog: just committed a murder in plain
dialog: sight to bring the weapon back to
dialog: his apartment?
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Calls for speculation.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Sustained.
text: But Sklaroff has weathered enough abuse. Indignantly:
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: You're implying that I planted a
dialog: gun?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Not at all --
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: Kim's prints were all over it -- He
dialog: admitted it was his gun, f'r godsake!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (hastily)
dialog: Your Honor, the witness' response
dialog: was non-responsive... I ask you to
dialog: strike it from the record...!
text: As Judge Quealy does just that, OS, Eddie backs away from
text: the excitable detective.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No more questions.
text: As he drifts back to the defense table, Reynard stands.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: The People call retired Detective
dialog: Vincent Badalato.
text: Eddie sits. Wearing a confident grin for the benefit of any
text: jurors who may be watching. Only Roger and Shu can HEAR:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: ...I'm dying out there.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: (quietly reassures)
dialog: It's okay, Eddie.
text: The Bailiff escorts the last homicide detective into court.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You've got another shot.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DETECTIVE BADALATO
text: enters. In a wheelchair, pushed by his sister CONNIE. He's
text: overweight and droopy-eyed, probably on pain pills. She's
text: got the gait, physique and complexion of a spinster alcoholic.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE DEFENSE TABLE
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (sotto, to Roger)
dialog: A fucking wheelchair?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (explains)
text: A spinal injury, in the line of duty.
dialog: It was in Kitty's report...
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Reynard concluding his direct. Mellifluous and caring, a
text: pediatrician to a kid with mumps.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: And you left the murder scene...?
text: Badalato clutches his original report. His eyes rake the
text: page, find the relevant section. He adjusts his glasses. His
text: voice is a whisper thickened by painkillers.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: At, un, ten-thirty, sir.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: And then what did you do, Officer?
text: As Badalato replies we FLASH BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHINATOWN STREET - NIGHT, NOVEMBER 2, 1980
text: The scene has been secured, photos and statements taken.
text: Police tape holds back GAWKERS. Jimmy Chin's shrouded BODY
text: is loaded, on a stretcher, into the rear of the paddywagon.
text: FIND BADALATO -- young, fit -- at the driver's side door of
text: the paddywagon, discreetly conferring with the DRIVER. Now
text: the DRIVER steps out, and Badalato climbs in, in his place.
text: As he pulls the paddywagon away we HEAR, OVER:
speaker_heading: BADALATO (V.O.)
dialog: I proceeded with Decedent's body to
text: the office of the County Coroner.
speaker_heading: REYNARD (V.O.)
dialog: Thank you. No further questions.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - EDDIE
text: questions the disabled detective, careful to be cordial.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Detective Badalato. You reached the
dialog: County Coroner's and signed over the
dialog: body, when?
text: Badalato finds the relevant section of the report. Focuses.
text: Fusses with the pages. Starts to answer -- then succumbs to
text: a terrible coughing fit. COMPASSIONATE MURMURS from the JURY.
text: The Bailiff hurries over, gently pats Badalato's back, pours
text: him a cup of water. Badalato downs it with effort. Then:
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: ...Eleven-thirty.
text: Eddie opens his mouth, to continue his cross. But now his
text: eyes dart to the jury box, and what comes out is:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No more questions, your Honor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: Eddie hurries past Reynard, in the rotunda, surrounded by
text: REPORTERS. Looking well pleased with himself, the D.A. is
text: engaged in a spontaneous, genial Q & A.
text: Roger and Kitty catch up with Eddie, making for the exit.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: A fucking wheelchair?
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: I didn't put him in a wheelchair.
dialog: Reynard did. He can get around without
dialog: one -- it's all in my report.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I don't have time to read every word
dialog: in every report, I'm too busy getting
dialog: killed in court... Meantime my
dialog: crackerjack investigator can't find
text: the goddam art supplies store where
dialog: Chuckie-fucking-Roeder works!
scene_heading: EXT. 100 CENTRE STREET - AFTERNOON
text: As the trio descends the steps:
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: I'd love to chat but I'm meeting a
dialog: cop for drinks. He'll be bringing
text: the Joe Boys' mugbook, circa 1980.
text: Eddie tries not to look overly impressed.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And I need an expert on the Joes I
dialog: can put on the goddam stand!
text: Kitty pulls a BAG from her pocketbook.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: Eddie? Stick this up your ass.
text: She hops into an idling CAB.
text: Eddie pulls a length of PIPE from the bag. He and Roger trade
text: baffled looks. Then Roger notices the PRINTING on the BAG.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - BAG
text: As Roger reads.
speaker_heading: ROGER (O.S.)
dialog: "Art's Supplies."
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: Suppressing a smile, Eddie reads the rest.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: "Everything For The Plumber".
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING - LONG ISLAND CITY - EARLY EVENING
text: Light manufacturing and loft-dwelling refugees from SoHo,
text: separated from Manhattan by the East River. TIGHTEN ON:
scene_heading: "ART'S SUPPLIES"
text: as Eddie and Roger enter the warehouse.
text: INT.
text: Roger notes the PLAQUES that line the walls, from the Chamber
dialog: of Commerce, Urban League, etc., naming Arturo Esparza "Equal
text: Opportunity Employer of the Year". At the front desks are
text: three tough-looking SECRETARIES.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Is "Art" around?
text: SECRETARY 1 squints at this bizarre interloper.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY 1
dialog: He expecting you-all?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, but this won't take long.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: A coffee-colored YOUNG WOMAN gets up from her desk in the
text: far corner. She hurries over to rescue the Receptionist.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I'm Mariquilla Esparza -- Art's wife.
text: Eddie is abashed at her fine, radiant features. Roger tries
dialog: not to stare.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: "Mariquilla"? It's a lovely name.
text: Marquilla turns her face, to hide her blush.
scene_heading: MRS. ESPARZA
dialog: Thank you, Mister...
text: And then a compact, powerful-looking LATINO (bald, bearded,
text: bespectacled) charges INTO FRAME.
speaker_heading: LATINO
dialog: Art Esparza. How can I help you?
text: He nods at Mariquilla -- she makes herself scarce.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Eddie Dowd.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Roger Baron.
text: They wander past Esparza, and into:
speaker_heading: THE WAREHOUSE
text: A multi-tiered space crowded with sinks, toilets, tubs...
text: Black, white and brown MEN load skids, ride forklifts.
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: You can't come back here... Anything
dialog: happens to you I'm liable.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: I'm a lawyer. The firm is thinking
dialog: about renovating. Everything dates
dialog: back to the Sixties.
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: I noticed.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (to Roger)
dialog: Do you see a toilet here you think
dialog: is really me?
text: Roger joins in the snowing of Esparza.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: We're considering one of those high
dialog: tech designs, what do you call it, a
dialog: "lowboy"?
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: Excuse me but we're not a store and
dialog: we're not a showroom...
text: Eddie has slipped away. Hoping to distract Esparza:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Didn't I read it's healthier? To sit
dialog: lower on a toilet? Y'know, with your
text: knees up, and --
text: Esparza is suddenly -- angrily -- aware he's been had.
dialog: Sharply:
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: -- Where's your friend?
speaker_heading: ON EDDIE
text: Striding down a long AISLE bounded by tall walls of piping.
text: He ducks around a SKID stacked with industrial sinks... Runs
text: into a waist-high CONVEYOR BELT loaded with large cartons.
text: Starts to back away -- then sees, below the conveyor belt --
speaker_heading: PAIR OF BOOTS
text: The combat boots that he last saw aimed at his eye.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Freezes, for a beat -- then takes off down the length of the
text: conveyor belt... But the belt goes on and on, and so Eddie
text: drops down and scuttles under it. As he gets to the other
text: side and leaps up, he sees --
speaker_heading: CHUCKIE ROEDER
text: Who sees Eddie, lets out a startled cry and drops the carton
text: he was checking, then spins on his heels and sprints away...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: gives chase, slipping on the contents of the spilled carton...
text: scores of loose spigots... Then he finds his footing, and
text: races after Roeder down another:
speaker_heading: AISLE OF PIPES
text: This one about thirty yards long. Now from the other end,
text: moving quite fast, comes a FORKLIFT. Roeder dives out of its
text: way, climbing up the wall of pipes.
text: Eddie clambers after him as the forklift DRIVER frantically
text: downshifts -- and the point of a prong catches Eddie's
dialog: pantleg, tearing it, as --
speaker_heading: ROEDER
text: scurries over the now-collapsing wall of pipe, onto a double
text: skid of horizontally stacked HOT WATER HEATERS...
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: Eddie stumbles after him... Both men struggling to stay
text: balanced... Now, just as Eddie is about to seize him, Roeder
text: reaches a steep ladder -- he breathlessly climbs up to:
speaker_heading: A CATWALK
text: Eddie claws his way up the ladder, right behind... He takes
text: a flying leap at Roeder, grabbing hold of his belt...
text: But the catwalk sways, sickeningly, and Roeder kicks free,
text: nearly sending Eddie over the side. Now Roeder bolts to the
text: far end of the catwalk, fairly flying down the ladder there...
text: Meantime, Eddie takes a breath and drops off the catwalk...
text: twenty feet down, and just an arm's length from Roeder. But
text: as he thrusts out his hand, a HUGE MAN intercedes, hurling
text: Eddie to the concrete.
speaker_heading: ROEDER
text: dashes across a sea of TUBS, his boots CRACKING several...
text: Then OUT a BACK DOOR, disappearing into the night.
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: Eddie -- winded and disoriented -- is yanked to his feet by
text: a flushed Art Esparza.
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: You fool.
text: Muscular EMPLOYEES, brandishing pipe-wrenches, etc., have
text: formed a menacing ring around Eddie.
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: Everything's cool! Back off... take
dialog: five!
text: He starts briskly walking Eddie back to the front office.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Look, I'm a lawyer and --
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: -- I don't care who you are. You
dialog: could've been killed. Every man and
dialog: woman in here has done hard prison
dialog: time. And we look out for each other.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: "We"?
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: I did five years in Attica. Lot of
dialog: cons helped me in the joint. But I
dialog: never got help from any lawyer... I
dialog: built this business for guys like me
dialog: who couldn't get a break anywhere
dialog: else. "Art's Supplies" is for ex-
dialog: cons. Not lawyers.
dialog: They're reached:
scene_heading: THE FRONT OFFICE
dialog: Roger is waiting here.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Chuckie Roeder's a material witness
text: in a murder case, Mr. Esparza.
text: Esparza is pained to hear it.
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: Chuckie... Never learn...
text: Then remembers he's with civilians. Collects himself.
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: "Art's Supplies" is founded on trust,
dialog: Mister --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Dowd. Eddie Dowd.
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: If you'd had the sense to ask for my
dialog: help, I might've helped you. But
dialog: you've probably scared Chuckie Roeder
dialog: off for good, I have a whole bunch
dialog: of jumpy employees to handle and
dialog: you're both going to be on your way.
dialog: Now.
text: EXT.
text: As Eddie and Roger cross to the Riviera:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Goddam it... the little punk bests
dialog: me again, I get thrown down and
dialog: lectured at and where the hell were
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: 1530 Rivington Street.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- What?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Chuckie's address. I sneaked a peek
text: at the Rolodex.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You sneaked a peek at the Rolodex.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Nice.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIVINGTON STREET - EARLY EVENING
text: Eddie parks at a hydrant, the lawyers hop out. Eddie goes to
text: the trunk, forces it open, finds what he was looking for.
text: Tucks the tire iron into his pants.
text: Roger was already checking the addresses on this stretch of
text: lower East Side transient hotels and pawn shops.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ...Eddie? 1530 Rivington...
scene_heading: ANGLE - 1530 RIVINGTON
text: A hole in the ground, surrounded by a fence that's decorated
text: with a fanciful sketch of a luxury condominium that'll never
dialog: be built and some pretty words about urban renewal signed by
dialog: His Honor Edward I. Koch.
speaker_heading: ANGLE EDDIE
text: on the corner pay phone.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Kitty, when they demolish a
dialog: residential hotel, the city has to
dialog: relocate the tenants! Housing
dialog: Authority'll have records of --
dialog: (then)
dialog: You taught me that? So why'm I wasting
dialog: my breath?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Pleasant, middle-class decor. We haven't been here before.
text: We HEAR a persistent KNOCKING.
text: KITTY crosses to the door, squints through the peephole and
text: sighs. Then opens the door. ENTER:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- Find him?
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: Eddie, these things take time.
dialog: Particularly at this hour...
text: Eddie's all over the room, edgily picking up odds and ends.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: My guy at Housing's waiting at home
text: for a pass to get back in his office.
text: Meantime Eddie has found a BINDER on Kitty's coffee table.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The Joe Boys in 1980...!
speaker_heading: KITTY
text: A number of them are dead, three are
dialog: in prison, one's a waiter... Two --
dialog: you'll enjoy this -- two are actually
text: members of the Chamber of Commerce.
text: ON THE MUGBOOK
text: Like the one the cops showed Eddie. But instead of sneering
text: tattooed whites, here are sneering tattooed Asians.
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: Eddie looks up from the book.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Doesn't do me much good unless I
dialog: know what Shu looked like back th--
text: Kitty hands him a photocopy of Shu's 1980 mugshot.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (studying it)
dialog: Whoa.
speaker_heading: THE MUGSHOT
text: An ornery-looking Shu Kai Kim wearing a greasy shag haircut.
text: A far cry from Mrs. Kim's "Small, Small World" photo.
speaker_heading: SCENE
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Boy, I was right about the distinctive
dialog: facial bone structure of a Korean. I
dialog: thought I was bullshitting.
text: He's all over the room, waving Shu's photo, fulminating:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The odd man out always takes the
dialog: fall! Haven't I been saying all along
dialog: that --
text: Suddenly aware that Kitty's watching him play Edward C. Dowd,
text: Legendary Hell-For-Leather-Lawyer, he falters, embarrassed.
text: But Kitty's expression is affectionate, approving -- this is
dialog: just the spirit that drew her to Eddie years ago.
text: Sensing this, Eddie relaxes. His voice softens.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I haven't thanked you for your work,
dialog: Kitty. You're doing good work.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: I'm a professional, Eddie. Getting
dialog: paid is all the thanks I require.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: I haven't paid you.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: (little smile)
dialog: Right.
text: A beat passes between them that's both intimate and awkward.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Got any booze in the house?
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: You don't drink "booze".
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You do.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: Eddie, if I wanted to make love with
dialog: you again, I'd do it sober.
text: Eddie gently places his big hands on Kitty's slim shoulders.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: Eddie this is silly... are we supposed
dialog: to pretend nothing's happened in the
dialog: last ten years and --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Nothing has. But that's all changing.
text: Touched by Eddie's optimism, Kitty kisses him. It's meant to
text: be quick and light but he embraces her and the kiss continues.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: BLACK. A phone RINGS. It's answered. Groggily:
speaker_heading: KITTY'S VOICE
dialog: ...Yes?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Oh. Great...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DELANCEY STREET - LATE NIGHT
text: Kitty repeats Roeder's current address, in VO.
speaker_heading: KITTY'S VOICE
dialog: 913 Delancey...
text: As Eddie's Riviera pulls up to a Bowery flophouse. He goes
dialog: to his trunk, for that tire iron.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY
text: The ancient NIGHT CLERK is asleep, his head resting on the
text: Front Desk. Gimlet-eyed, Eddie peers at the NAMES taped to
text: the mailboxes behind him.
scene_heading: UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR
text: Musty, narrow, dimly lit. Muffled, debauched LAUGHTER...
text: Eddie squints at one door, then another, then: Room 2D.
text: He takes a breath, pulls out the tire iron, KNOCKS with it.
text: No answer. Eddie tries the door. It's unlocked.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: CHUCKIE ROEDER sits quietly at a plain wooden desk in the
text: darkened, unadorned room. Scattered across the floor are
text: well-thumbed copies of Guns & Ammo and Blueboy.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- Roeder?
scene_heading: CLOSER - ROEDER
text: Waxy and still -- like a Duane Hanson sculpture. Right hand
text: suspended over the left forearm.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: sharply inhales as he ventures closer.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: A SYRINGE in Roeder's right hand, needle jammed in a vein.
text: The left arm is dotted with track marks.
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: Eddie slowly backs away from the upright corpse. Gripped not
text: by horror, but the strangest sort of pity.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - MORNING
text: Chuckie Roeder is laid out in a locker drawer. On one side
text: stands a MORGUE TECH; on the other, Detective 1 (from the
text: police headquarters scene).
text: Roger is off in a corner, giving a statement to Detective 2.
text: Eddie stands nearby, moodily contemplating the demise of his
dialog: last, best hope. OS, he HEARS:
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: -- I guess you found him.
text: ART ESPARZA has entered. His face is flushed with emotion.
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: He had no family. I have to I.D.
dialog: him. I'm his family.
text: Eddie nods, not sure what to say. Esparza grimly regards
text: Roeder's corpse, then nods at Detective 1. A tear slides
text: down his cheek as the MORGUE TECH slams shut the drawer.
text: Esparza turns to Eddie. His voice thick:
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: You won't be able to use him now,
dialog: will you?
text: Roger wraps an arm around Eddie's shoulder.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: C'mon, Eddie, let's go.
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: -- That's goddam tragic, isn't it?
text: He starts for Eddie, who doesn't speak or even move to defend
text: himself. Detective 1 grabs Esparza in time, holds him back.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE 1
dialog: C'mon, get outta here, Dowd.
scene_heading: EXT. MORGUE - MORNING
text: Eddie and Roger exit with Detective 2. They're in the City
text: Hall district, not far from the Criminal Courts Building.
text: As the Detective crosses, returning to Police Headquarters,
dialog: adjacent:
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE 2
dialog: You're in over your head, Dowd...
dialog: Don't you defend pot smokers?
text: Eddie ignores. He and Roger keep walking, the other way.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: So what're we gonna do?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: ...What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Well, I mean, Roeder's gone, now...
dialog: A dead end. Believe me, I'm sorry
dialog: too, but...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: But what?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (breaks the news)
dialog: I've heard from the last ballistics
dialog: expert on the list. It's an even ten
dialog: who say Shu's gun killed Jimmy Chin!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That's why I hate experts.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Eddie... it's one thing to compare
dialog: Clyde Gruner to Jesus Christ. It's
dialog: even okay to claim that Shu Kai Kim
dialog: is just slightly holier than the
dialog: Pope... as long as you don't really
dialog: believe it!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hey -- you believe what you want.
dialog: Shu Kai Kim is innocent.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- Eddie...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You know how I know? 'Cause Reynard
text: says he's guilty, and Reynard's full
dialog: of shit! Look --
text: Intoxicated by his illogic, Eddie yanks out his battered
text: wallet. Tugs out one of his two photos of Shu -- the "Small,
dialog: Small World" snapshot from Mrs. Kim.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: It's not the face of a killer!
text: He hands it to Roger, who hands it right back.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You're carrying that around like it
dialog: was a picture of your girlfriend!
dialog: (blurts)
dialog: I don't want to see your heart broken
dialog: when this case crashes and burns!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (grim resolve)
dialog: That's not gonna happen. I'm gonna
dialog: create reasonable doubt. Buckle your
dialog: seatbelt and watch me work.
text: Eddie steps into the street, into traffic. Cars wildly swerve
text: around him, drivers HONKING in outrage. Roger looks both
text: ways, dashes out. Catching up:
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: But Roeder's dead. Ballistics says
dialog: it's Shu! We don't have one witness --
dialog: unless we put Cecil Stipe on the
dialog: stand...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'm not that desperate.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I am. Eddie -- we've got nothing.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I've got a meeting in Chinatown.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (resigned, sighs)
dialog: Let's get a cab.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- Roger -- ?
text: Indicating with a gesture that they're only blocks from
text: Chinatown. Puzzled, Roger peers back the way they came.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: That's weird -- I pictured the morgue
text: being way across town.
text: After two beats he turns around to find Eddie gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - LATE MORNING
text: Empty but for a banquet table Eddie shares with SIX PILLARS
text: (ranging in age from 30 to 80) of the Asian community. The
text: table is laden with delectable dim sum dishes. Eddie is the
text: only one not eating -- he's too busy sucking up to his hosts.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We need you in court. The jury'll be
dialog: swayed by your support. You men are
dialog: the backbone -- the conscience -- of
dialog: your community!
text: The Pillars are unmoved. Eddie lightens up.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Only people who've sat on my side of
dialog: the courtroom so far are a wino trying
dialog: to stay warm and a bail bondsman I
dialog: owe money to.
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: C'mon, guys -- the dignity of your
dialog: race is being threatened here!
text: Finally he gets a reaction.
speaker_heading: PILLAR 1
dialog: If the dignity of our race is
dialog: threatened, it is threatened by your
text: reopening of this ugly case.
speaker_heading: PILLAR 2
text: When a violent thug is taken off the
dialog: street, our quality of life -- and
dialog: commerce -- immeasurably improves.
text: The other Pillars nod. Eddie's gorge rises as they resume
text: eating, sipping tea, quietly conversing in Cantonese.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: "A violent thug"? I happen to know
dialog: that two of you were once Joe Boys.
text: This gets the table's full attention.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: But I'm not here to point the finger.
dialog: I did dumb things when I was 19 too --
dialog: we all did. Wrong time, wrong place,
dialog: everybody here could've made a perfect
dialog: fall guy instead of our lives turning
dialog: out how they did. This case is about
dialog: all of us. And you're gonna feel
dialog: like a bunch of goats when the truth
text: comes out.
dialog: Clearly, one wouldn't try to bully such a venerable bunch
text: unless one were desperate, unhinged, or a bit of both.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You'll kick yourselves for standing
text: on the sidelines while the D.A. made
dialog: you out to be fungible!
text: Now PILLAR 1 whispers to PILLAR 2, who whispers to PILLAR 3.
speaker_heading: PILLAR 3
dialog: Excuse me. But what is "fungible"?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Interchangeable. As in, "Hey, maybe
dialog: we got the wrong guy but what the
dialog: hell, one slanty-eyed sonovobitch is
dialog: the same as the next"!
text: Eddie stands.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Enjoy your dumplings, gentlemen.
text: He lopes out of the restaurant.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - A FEW DAYS LATER
text: Reynard concludes his direct examination of the Police Gang
text: Expert, a florid, 50ish Irish Detective.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: So according to your information,
dialog: Detective, the Joe Boys normally
dialog: used aspiring members -- like Shu
dialog: Kai Kim -- to do the "hits"?
speaker_heading: GANG EXPERT
dialog: That's how you got into the gang.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Thank you. Your witness, Mr. Dowd.
speaker_heading: REVERSE
text: In the GALLERY, on Eddie's side of the room, sit the SIX
text: PILLARS. Some have brought their equally dignified WIVES.
text: And several sweet-looking CHILDREN.
text: EDDIE rises INTO FRAME as he stands at the defense table,
text: newly energized. he straightens his mermaid tie and assumes
text: a look of collosal incredulity.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You're the police expert in Chinatown
dialog: gangs?
speaker_heading: GANG EXPERT
dialog: ...For ten years, now.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Do you speak Cantonese, Mandarin, or
dialog: both?
speaker_heading: GANG EXPERT
dialog: -- Me? Neither.
text: Eddie cups his ear.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Pardon... Which dialect do you speak?
speaker_heading: GANG EXPERT
dialog: Neither.
text: Eddie turns to the gallery.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Neither?
text: The hoped-for HUBBUB among the Pillars et al. SHU cranes to
text: see, heartened and slightly amazed at the support.
text: Turning back to the government witness:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You don't speak any Chinese dialects?
dialog: Then you get your intelligence from
dialog: snitches?
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Badgering.
speaker_heading: GANG EXPERT
dialog: (between gritted teeth)
dialog: They're Chinamen who speak English.
dialog: We call them informants.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (thunders)
dialog: And I call your testimony hearsay. I
dialog: have no more questions for you.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: On the wall opposite the jury hang TWO POSTERS. Apparently
text: identical photos of a spent BULLET, deformed by impact. In
text: front of them, wielding a pointer, stands Reynard's venerable
scene_heading: BALLISTICS EXPERT.
scene_heading: BALLISTICS EXPERT
dialog: Bearing in mind that every gun barrel
text: leaves a distinctive mark on the
dialog: bullet it fires, we must conclude
dialog: that the bullet that killed Jimmy
text: Chin was fired from Mr. Kim's .38.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: And the powder burns at the site of
dialog: the victim's entrance wound...?
scene_heading: BALLISTICS EXPERT
dialog: ...Can also be linked to the bullet.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Thank you. Your witness.
speaker_heading: ON EDDIE
text: as he jigs over to the wall and grabs the pointer.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: The photo on the left shows the bullet
dialog: that killed Jimmy Chin, true?
scene_heading: BALLISTICS EXPERT
dialog: True.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And the one on the right is the bullet
dialog: you test-fired from Shu's gun?
scene_heading: BALLISTICS EXPERT
dialog: Correct.
text: Eddie contemplates these apparently identical photos. And
text: manages to sound a note of outraged disbelief.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You would have the court believe
dialog: that these two bullets were fired
dialog: from the same gun?
scene_heading: BALLISTICS EXPERT
dialog: Absolutely.
text: Eddie presses the tip of the pointer to a thin smudge along
text: the lower edge of the right bullet.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I see a groove here. I don't see a
dialog: groove here.
text: Pointing, now, to the lower edge of the left bullet.
scene_heading: BALLISTICS EXPERT
dialog: It's not a significant difference.
text: Eddie's pointer finds another mark on the rear of the right
text: bullet. Or maybe it's the shadow cast by the pointer.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And what about this? I don't see
text: this on the other bullet.
text: He points to something else on one of the enlargements --
text: but so quickly, we're not even sure what he was pointing at.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Or this -- is this a significant
dialog: difference?
scene_heading: BALLISTICS EXPERT
dialog: No it is not, Mr. Dowd.
text: As though baffled by the Expert's criteria, Eddie sets down
dialog: the pointer.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: To the best of your recollection,
dialog: were you sober when you performed
dialog: the tests?
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Objection.
text: A GIGGLE from the Jury Box.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Forensic ballistics isn't an exact
dialog: science, is it?
scene_heading: BALLISTICS EXPERT
dialog: It most certainly is.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Isn't there a ten to fifteen-percent
dialog: margin of error?
scene_heading: BALLISTICS EXPERT
dialog: Absolutely not. No more than seven
dialog: percent.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: In other words, seven times out of a
dialog: hundred, you're wrong!
text: The EXPERT stews.
text: The PILLARS nod.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - NEXT DAY
text: On the stand: LAURA GORDON, the young white eyewitness.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Would you tell the court exactly
dialog: what you remember seeing on that
dialog: evening?
speaker_heading: MS. GORDON
dialog: I'll never forget it. I was walking
text: east on Pell Street...
text: As she continues, we FLASH BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PELL STREET - EVENING, NOVEMBER 2, 1980
speaker_heading: MS. GORDON (V.O.)
text: A man walked past me. I noticed him
dialog: for two reasons.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: The KILLER hurries by. ONSCREEN for only a second -- but
text: long enough for us to see he looks a lot like Shu.
speaker_heading: MS. GORDON (V.O.)
dialog: He was walking very fast and his
text: hand was shoved inside his jacket. I
text: was in front of a restaurant called
dialog: Andy Lee's... Something told me to
dialog: turn...
text: We watch the Killer's back as he races to an intersection
text: where several PEDESTRIANS wait for the Walk signal. We glimpse
text: his face again as he pulls a gun... The YOUNG MAN in front
text: of him whirls, there's a sharp CRACK and then the YOUNG MAN
text: is lying in the street, blood welling around his head.
text: The Killer takes off running.
text: BACK TO COURTROOM
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: And the man whom you saw murder Jimmy
dialog: Chin. Is he in this courtroom?
text: Ms. Gordon nods at Shu.
speaker_heading: MS. GORDON
text: That's him sitting right there.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: EDDIE stands before the witness box.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Ms. Gordon. I have studied the
dialog: diagrams and the photographs and I
dialog: have visited the murder scene and
dialog: the conclusion I keep reaching is...
dialog: and I hate to have to say this...
dialog: You weren't even close enough to see
text: the killer's gun.
text: Ms. Gordon is shocked by the rawness of Eddie's accusation.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Does Mr. Dowd have a question?
text: His eyes boring into Ms. Gordon's:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Come now. Did you see the gun?
speaker_heading: MS. GORDON
dialog: I can describe it.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (scoffs)
dialog: Oh really?
speaker_heading: MS. GORDON
text: It was silver, with a stubby barrel...
dialog: snub-nosed, I think they call it...
dialog: It wasn't automatic, it had one of
dialog: those... cylinders...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You can't remember that -- !
speaker_heading: MS. GORDON
dialog: I can see the hammer still, it was
dialog: cocked...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (as though pained)
dialog: How can you remember that?
speaker_heading: MS. GORDON
dialog: I didn't take my eyes off it!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Ah.
text: Eddie is facing the JURY -- only they can see the smile that's
text: sprouted on his face.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Thank you, Ms. Gordon.
text: A HUSH in the COURTROOM. And now Ms. Gordon realizes she's
text: been tricked. As Eddie returns to the defense table:
speaker_heading: MS. GORDON
dialog: Not the whole time, of course. I --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (sitting)
dialog: No further questions.
text: SHU turns to Eddie. The look on his face says "Hell, we're
dialog: actually holding our own."
text: As the frustrated eyewitness is led off the stand we HEAR a
dialog: calm, resonant --
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Your Honor... The People wish to
dialog: call a witness whose name does not
dialog: appear on the witness list. He --
text: Eddie's smile evaporates. He leaps up.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Your Honor, that's trial by ambush!
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: We just discovered him, your Honor!
dialog: His appearance is critical to a fair
dialog: presentation of our case! He is an
dialog: inmate at Ossining Correctional and --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- Objection, your Honor! This case
dialog: has no connection with any subsequent
dialog: act my client may be charged with!
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: The witness will substantiate Mr.
dialog: Kim's modus operandi. It's
dialog: circumstantial evidence in the case
dialog: at hand!
text: As Judge Quealy ponders, the D.A. keeps up the pressure.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: The witness is recalcitrant, your
dialog: Honor -- I had to personally make a
dialog: body attachment this morning -- it
dialog: took two Marshalls to drag him here!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The great personal sacrifices endured
dialog: by Mr. Reynard have no bearing on
dialog: the legal issues, your Honor -- !
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Your Honor, I know as much about
dialog: these gangs as anyone; I'm well aware
dialog: of the secrecy in which their
dialog: machinations are cloaked... I assure
dialog: you this witness offers the court a
dialog: rare opportunity to place the
dialog: defendant's crime --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- alleged crime --
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: -- in a context.
text: The lawyers anxiously wait as Judge Quealy considers. Now:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I will allow the witness to testify.
dialog: With the understanding that your
dialog: questions are confined to the area
text: of Mr. Kim's modus operandi.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- With objection!
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: So noted.
text: Eddie skulks back to the defense table.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
text: As their final witness, the People
dialog: call Richard Ortega.
text: The Bailiff swings open the rear door. Escorted by the a
text: forementioned MARSHALLS, enter ORTEGA, from the opening scene.
text: He looks resentful and scared.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Reynard begins his direct examination.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Mr. Ortega, you've known the defendant
dialog: at Ossining Correctional for how
dialog: long?
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: I would tend to plead the Fifth.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Invalid invocation, Mr. Ortega. What
dialog: I call "name, rank and serial number"
dialog: questions are not covered by the 5th
dialog: Amendment. You must answer counsel.
text: REYNARD looks pleased; ORTEGA, grim.
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: Five years.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Mr. Ortega... What is "La Compania"?
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: A Cubano army, basically... inside
dialog: and outside prisons.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: And its purpose?
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: Fighting the Aryan Warriors and the
dialog: Black Guerrillas, basically.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: For control of the prison drug trade?
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: I would tend to plead the Fifth.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Ortega, you've already answered
dialog: questions about La Compania. You
dialog: cannot now selectively invoke the
dialog: 5th Amendment.
text: Reynard glows with satisfaction.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Your Honor, that's not fair -- !
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (testy)
dialog: Complain to the Bar Commission.
text: Judge Quealy turns back to the witness.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Answer the question, Mr. Ortega.
dialog: Your unserved time can double...
text: The prospect of an extra day in prison fills Ortega with
dialog: despair.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Do the rival gangs compete for control
dialog: of the prison drug trade?
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: Yeah, we do some of that.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: What is your rank within La Compania?
text: Ortega hesitates. With a tight smile, Reynard reminds him:
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: "Name, rank and serial," Mr. Ortega.
dialog: Let's not hide behind the Fifth.
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: (surly)
dialog: I'm a soldado in the G-Wing Regiment.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: And what does a soldado -- a soldier --
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
text: A soldado, he runs messages and
dialog: materiel between the regiments...
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: "Materiel"? What do you mean by that?
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: Cigarettes, candy bars...
dialog: (then, concedes)
dialog: PCP, crack...
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: If a member of the Aryan Brothers
dialog: tries to cut in on your distribution?
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: ...A soldado, he takes care of it.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: By "takes care of," you mean "kills".
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: (a beat, then)
dialog: That's right.
text: At the Defense Table, Shu stiffens. So does Eddie.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Mr. Ortega, what is Shu Kai Kim's
dialog: rank within La Compania?
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: Soldado.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Isn't it unusual for an Asian to be
dialog: accepted into a Cuban prison gang?
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: Shu's the only one I know of...
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: And why was an exception made?
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: Chinatown. Sounded pretty cold...
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: You mean to say Mr. Kim told you
dialog: that he murdered Jimmy Chin?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Objection. Leading.
text: His tone is stern. But for once he doesn't stand.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Overruled.
text: Ortega looks past Reynard, at Shu. Mournfully:
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: Man, they got me all fucked up here.
text: Judge Quealy POUNDS his GAVEL.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Ortega! I warn you...
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: -- Did Mr. Kim confess to you that
dialog: he killed Jimmy Chin?
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: ...I think he mentioned it, yeah.
text: Reynard turns to face the jury.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: In other words Shu Kai Kim is, and
dialog: always has been, a killer for hire.
text: Reynard's epithet reverberates in the courtroom.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Objection.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Sustained.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
text: Withdrawn. The People rest.
text: AT THE DEFENSE TABLE
text: Shu stares down at his penny-loafers. Eddie rises. Dully:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I move that the witness's testimony
text: be stricken. He has clearly been
dialog: terrorized by the prosecution, he's --
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: The testimony will remain in the
dialog: record. Do you wish to cross-examine?
text: Before Eddie can answer, Ortega jumps up and SHOUTS, at Shu:
speaker_heading: ORTEGA
dialog: I'm sorry, man -- ! Motherfuckers...
text: The Bailiff rushes to the witness box as Judge Quealy POUNDS
text: his GAVEL. And suddenly SHU leaps to his feet.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: Take me outta here! I never wanted
dialog: this -- !
text: The Marshalls obligingly drag Shu toward the prisoners'
text: entrance, behind the bench.
text: The JURORS appear shocked and alarmed. The SPECTATORS stare,
text: transfixed.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Court is hereby adjourned until ten
dialog: a.m. tomorrow!
text: Eddie just stands there. The sky has fallen on him. Now
text: Reynard rises at his desk. He catches Eddie's eye.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: I hope you've learned something, Mr.
dialog: Dowd.
text: Then he and Rabin briskly exit the courtroom together.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE CORRIDOR - LATER
text: The spectators -- including KITTY -- emerge. The PILLARS and
text: their FAMILIES disperse quickly, silently.
text: Here comes EDDIE. What has seemed a merry jig in court now
text: looks like a limp.
text: ROGER behind Eddie. He moves to catch up, but sees that Eddie
text: is moving toward Kitty, waiting at the exit door. So Roger
text: hangs back.
text: But without even slowing down or giving a sign, Eddie moves
text: right past Kitty, and out of the building.
text: Shocked, Roger goes to Kitty. Gently touches her arm.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: It's okay. It was always like that.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Shouldn't one of us...?
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: No -- leave him be. It's better for
dialog: everyone.
text: Roger nods, resigned -- and then someone else in the departing
text: CROWD catches his eye.
speaker_heading: A WOMAN
text: Furtive and alone, hurrying away.
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: Roger turns to Kitty, an odd look on his face.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ...Would you excuse me?
dialog: Kitty shrugs: sure.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PRISON VISITORS ROOM - EVENING - LATER
text: The lawyer and his client face each other through a pane of
text: bulletproof plastic. Each has a telephone in front of him;
text: both fretfully finger their receivers. Eddie picks up first.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Quite a bit you didn't tell me.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: When I joined up I took an oath of
dialog: secrecy. I told you what you needed
dialog: to know.
text: Eddie's words hiss, like steam escaping.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I didn't need to know that a man I'm
text: defending on a gang-murder rap is a
dialog: prison soldier who kills over drugs?
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: It was self-defense.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Jimmy Chin? Was that self-defense
dialog: too?
text: In response Shu hangs up. Eddie POUNDS on the plastic, to
text: get him to pick up again. Shu does, provisionally.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'm sorry, it's just -- You'll laugh
dialog: but there was awhile when I thought,
dialog: Hey, we're two sorry assholes who
dialog: need each other. Who can help each
dialog: other.
dialog: As though he couldn't possibly have heard this right:
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: -- How could I help you?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: By trusting me. Shit, man...
text: He trails off, momentarily defeated by the magnitude of what's
dialog: been lost. Now:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I got my face kicked 'cause I trusted
dialog: you. I couldn't find an expert to
dialog: say it wasn't your gun killed Jimmy
dialog: Chin but it didn't matter... I went
dialog: up against the goddam D.A. himself
dialog: but I didn't care because I trusted
dialog: you, because I believed in you,
dialog: because I thought there was a bond
dialog: between us!
text: Like a spurned lover who can't let go, Eddie implores Shu,
dialog: through the plastic:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Didn't you feel that?
text: Shu looks at Eddie is though he were an alien life form.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: You're out there and I'm in here. My
dialog: bond -- my trust -- is with the dudes
dialog: in here that watch my ass. I took an
dialog: oath of loyalty to them. You're out
dialog: there. Who are you to me?
text: As he continues, a simmering resentment heats up his words.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: When you leave this place you're
dialog: going out to dinner or a movie or
dialog: get laid. Where's our bond? I'm going
dialog: back to my cell and wait to die. So
dialog: tell me: Where's our bond?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: For awhile we had this dream we were
dialog: innocent. That was our bond... but
dialog: then we woke up. And now I'd like to
dialog: hear everything.
text: Shu's eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: SHU
dialog: What do you mean, "everything"?
text: With exaggerated calm, to cover the rage:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Tell me about Chinatown, Shu. Tell
dialog: me the tr--
text: Shu hangs up. Rocks to his shackled feet. And shuffles out
text: of the room, to return to his cell.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ART'S SUPPLIES - EVENING - LATER
text: Through the gated window, a WOMAN and MAN -- surely Art and
text: Mariquilla Esparza -- are seen in silhouette. Business hours
text: are over; the couple is alone in the front office. Mariquilla
text: sits at her desk, Art paces the office. Now, as he passes
text: her chair, Art leans down and kisses the top of his wife's
text: head. She involuntarily stiffens.
text: Art takes umbrage. MUFFLED WORDS. Mariquilla rises, grabs
text: her raincoat. Art touches her shoulder, entreating. Mariquilla
text: shakes her head.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - ROGER
text: Watching this shadow play from the opposite curb. In b.g.,
text: the shimmering lights of the 59th Street Bridge and
text: Manhattan's skyscrapers seem worlds away from this misery.
text: BACK TO "ART'S SUPPLIES"
text: As Mariquilla exits the building.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - EVENING - WITH MARIQUILLA
text: As she hurries along, lost in her thoughts. Now Roger falls
text: into step beside her.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ...Mrs. Esparza?
text: She startles slightly, then quickly recovers her composure.
scene_heading: MRS. ESPARZA
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I'm Roger Baron. I work with Edward
dialog: Dowd.
text: Mariquilla gives no sign that this means anything to her.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What were you... Why were you at
dialog: Shu's trial this afternoon?
scene_heading: MRS. ESPARZA
dialog: -- What trial?
text: Her pace quickens.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I followed you here from court.
scene_heading: MRS. ESPARZA
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: I knew Jimmy Chin. The boy who was
dialog: shot. Okay?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (trying to make sense)
dialog: ...And you were at the trial to...
dialog: to see that justice was done?
scene_heading: MRS. ESPARZA
dialog: That's right.
text: She briskly rounds a corner. Roger stays on her.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Then it was your idea to have Chuckie
dialog: Roeder scare Eddie off the case?
scene_heading: MRS. ESPARZA
dialog: -- Why don't you ask Chuckie?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (reminds her)
dialog: Chuckie OD'd, Mrs. Esparza. He's
dialog: dead.
text: Mariquilla seems to flinch.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Art didn't tell you...?
text: Mariquilla abruptly stops and turns to him. Imploring.
scene_heading: MRS. ESPARZA
dialog: Look. Mister --
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- Roger --
scene_heading: MRS. ESPARZA
dialog: You mustn't talk to Art. You mustn't
dialog: tell Art that I was at the trial. Do
dialog: you hear me?
text: There is animal fear behind Mariquilla's eyes.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: But you lost a friend... You've got
dialog: a right to...
text: A realization forms.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Wait... Were you and Jimmy Chin...?
text: Mariquilla gazes into Roger's open, questing eyes. They're
text: the same age, but one has lived much longer than the other.
scene_heading: MRS. ESPARZA
dialog: I can't talk to you anymore. Go away,
dialog: please... Never come back.
text: With that, she crosses the street. Slipping into darkness.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: watches her disappear. And then, after two beats, he resumes
text: walking, back the way he came, toward the subway station.
speaker_heading: REVEAL
text: A figure, lurking in the shadows, lights a cigarette. As the
text: match flares we make out the face of ART ESPARZA.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - LATE NIGHT
text: A glassy-eyed Eddie KNOCKS and KNOCKS. Finally the door,
text: still chained, opens a crack. An eye peers out.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, Christ.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: ...Do you realize I haven't gotten
dialog: stoned since the trial started?
text: The door closes. Then reopens, unchained. Kitty stands there
text: in a robe she's thrown on.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: Eddie... A guilty client's not the
dialog: end of the world...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
speaker_heading: EXACTLY!
text: He slams his fist against the wall. OS, NEIGHBORS SHOUT for
dialog: him to shut up.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: It's liberating! I feel free!
text: More COMPLAINTS, OS. Shouting back at the neighbors:
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: Go fuck yourselves.
text: Kitty turns back to Eddie. Tenderly:
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: Eddie... go home. Get some sleep.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I don't need sleep!
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: I need sleep. Some of us are mere
dialog: mortals.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Screw you too, Kitty.
text: He turns, and skulks back down her hallway into:
scene_heading: EXT. KITTY'S BUILDING - EARLY MORNING
text: A converted brownstone in Chelsea. Eddie sinks down on the
text: stoop, head in hands. Presently KITTY emerges, and sits down
text: next to him. Several silent BEATS. Then Eddie speaks., looking
text: straight ahead, not at Kitty.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: For years I've defended scumbags.
dialog: Dealers. Hitters... And somehow it
dialog: seemed fine until this kid came along
dialog: who knew me as a true believer who'd
dialog: fought the good fight and... but...
dialog: he seemed so damned disappointed in
dialog: who he found... and then, out of
dialog: nowhere, here we were fighting to
text: free an innocent man -- an innocent
dialog: man, I don't see many of those in my
dialog: line anymore and I thought, Wow, the
dialog: kid brought me good luck, y'know?
dialog: For one minute I was a true believer
dialog: again. Well, my minute is up, Kitty.
dialog: I'm going back to defending
dialog: scumbags... But not just dope dealers
dialog: anymore. From now on: Child molesters.
dialog: Porno merchants. Repeat drunk drivers,
dialog: and I'm gonna get 'em all off. Hit
dialog: men... Send me every contract
dialog: killer... None of 'em does time ever
dialog: again.
text: He rises, faltering a little. Kitty stands, steadies him.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: Eddie. We can discuss this... after
dialog: you get some sleep.
text: Eddie shakes his head. As he stumbles down the steps:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I told you, Kitty -- no more sleep
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GROVE STREET - NIGHT - LATER
text: Eddie wanders up to his funky building.
text: There's a SLEEPING BUM curled up in front of the door. Eddie
text: wearily leans down, to nudge the Bum aside. But it's ROGER.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The hell're you doing here?
text: Roger awakens very fast. He jumps to his feet.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Eddie -- it's Art Esparza!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What's Art Esparza?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I think he hired Shu to kill Jimmy
dialog: Chin... It wasn't a Chinatown gang
dialog: hit -- Jimmy Chin and Art's wife
dialog: were lovers! She just about told
dialog: me...!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (baffled)
dialog: You phoned up Art Esparza's wife?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I followed her from the courthouse.
text: Eddie blinks.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Esparza's wife was at Shu's trial?
text: Roger nods.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And you spotted her in the crowd?
text: Roger nods. Eddie takes a breath.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What're you, trying to show me up
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE HEADQUARTERS - LATE NIGHT
text: DOLLY PAST the odd HOOKER and VAGRANT being led from booking
text: to the bullpen. The unnatural quiet bespeaks the late hour.
text: CAMERA PUSHES into Records, closed for the night... Pacing
text: here is TOMMY, the cop who'd opened up the Exhibit Warehouse
text: for Eddie, earlier. Tommy appears to have been dragged out
text: of bed. Under his car coat is a flannel pajama top. Between
text: tense puffs on his cigarette:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Dowd... We're even now...
text: PUSH PAST Tommy, to TWO FIGURES huddled at a desk in the
text: corner. ROGER looks on as EDDIE rifles through a DOSSIER.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Esparza's security clearance to go
text: inside the jails for parole hearings.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - PHOTO
text: A passport-type snapshot of the chubby, bald, bearded,
text: bespectacled ART ESPARZA.
speaker_heading: EDDIE'S VOICE
dialog: Wonderful work Esparza does...
scene_heading: INTERCUT EDDIE AND ESPARZA'S FILE
dialog: Pictures, warrants, complaints. We can't make out the fine
text: print, only the PHOTOS as Eddie flips through them.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Skipping back two years.
text: THE NEXT PHOTO - A grainy telephoto shot of Esparza emerging
text: from Art's Supplies. His hair was thicker, he was thinner.
text: Wore a walrus moustache.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Esparza was being watched by Narco.
text: Suspected of using his warehouse as
dialog: a drug drop... Surveillance
dialog: terminated.
text: NEXT PHOTO - A set of mugshots. Esparza is dramatically
text: thinner here. Lots more hair. Aviator glasses.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Four years ago. Esparza charged with
text: assault. Dismissed.
text: NEXT PHOTO - More mugshots. Esparza even thinner. Hair
text: thicker, longer.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Accessory to extortion. Dismissed.
text: Eddie flips, faster, through the file.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Dismissed for lack of evidence.
dialog: Dismissed, dismissed...
text: Roger looks questioningly at Eddie.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: This little prick is protected.
text: He glances, suddenly skittish, at Tommy -- who picks up on
text: Eddie's paranoia and promptly reciprocates.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: That's it -- I'm outta here. You owe
dialog: me one, Dowd.
text: Frowning, Eddie returns his attention to the file.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Dismissed...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ESPARZA'S FACE
text: As he gets younger, the moustache shrinks. Seven years back,
text: and it disappears.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: ...dismissed. Shit!
text: Eight years ago: Esparza's black hair is cut in a shag, and
text: the glasses are gone.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Shit.
text: Something new in Eddie's voice commands Roger's attention.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: -- What?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I've seen this picture before.
text: He reaches into his wallet, pulls out Shu's old mugshot.
text: Holds the two mugshots next to each other. Hushed:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: They could've been brothers. It's
dialog: why the eyewitnesses picked Shu.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Christ... Shu is innocent.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE PHOTOS
dialog: Given that they're of different races, the resemblance between
text: Art Esparza and Shu Kai Kim, in 1980, is startling.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: "The killer wasn't Chinese"... Cecil
dialog: Stipe was right. .!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Everyone else was wrong and the one
dialog: fucking lunatic was right!
text: Roger wears a tense smile.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Does this mean Kennedy was killed by
dialog: the phone company?
scene_heading: INT. HEADQUARTERS CORRIDOR
text: The two lawyers hurry out. Roger smiles at the DESK SERGEANT
text: with exaggerated amiability.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (quiet intensity)
dialog: But Shu's gun is an absolute match...!
dialog: How could that be, goddammit?
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE HEADQUARTERS - LATE NIGHT
text: The lawyers bound down the steps, dart into the street--
text: -- and are nearly run down by an AMBULANCE that whizzes past,
text: pulling into the garage of the County Coroner's Office.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ...Jesus!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Least we'd already be at the Morgue.
text: Briskly shaking off their brush with eternity, Eddie and
text: Roger proceed down the block.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Let's make a citizen's arrest of
dialog: Esparza! We'll need back-up... Who's
dialog: the meanest motherfucker you ever
dialog: got off?
text: As Roger ducks into a phone booth:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Fuck that, Rog. Esparza's nobody.
dialog: This goes higher than him...
text: Roger feeds the phone.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Gotta start somewhere. Gimme a name --
dialog: any client who owns a Magnum.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Eddie?
text: Eddie's staring at the PHONE BOOTH. It's pagoda-style, with
text: Chinese-red pent roof.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Wait a second.
text: Eddie squints down the street...
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Even at this late hour we see enough decoration and signage
text: to recognize Chinatown, not seven blocks uptown.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: How long did it take Badalato to
dialog: drive Jimmy Chin's body from Chinatown
dialog: to the morgue?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ... An hour.
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: That's why I thought the morgue was
text: on the other side of town.
text: Eddie fairly pushes Roger out of the phone booth. Thumbs
text: through the White Pages, finds the page he's looking for,
text: tears it out and stuffs it into his pocket.
text: As he races for his Riviera, parked in a towaway zone:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Roger... I may be late for court
dialog: this morning.
text: He hops in, revs the old heap.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Fill in for me, huh?
text: And Eddie peels out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STUYVESANT TOWN - LATE NIGHT
text: A mammoth '50s housing project by the East River. The
text: monolithic buildings are like giant tombstones jutting into
text: the night sky.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Dark. The front door buzzer BUZZES. We HEAR a groggy:
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: -- Who the hell...?
text: A frowzy CONNIE BADALATO snaps ON a LIGHT. Reflexively reaches
text: for the bottle of Seagrams on her night-table.
speaker_heading: AT THE DOOR
text: stands the long-haired creep from last week's murder trial.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hope I didn't wake you. I'm Edward
dialog: C. Dowd. You're Mrs. Badalato?
text: Connie waves her bottle of scotch like a weapon.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Ms. Vin's sister.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I have to talk to your brother.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: The hell you do. At this hour?
text: As he brushes past her, Connie grabs his ponytail. Eddie
text: whirls and grabs Connie's bottle -- waves it over her head.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Gimme back my bottle.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Let go of my hair.
text: Connie lets go, Eddie relinquishes her bottle. As he backs
text: up, toward Badalato's bedroom, he points a finger.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- Stay.
text: Like a good dog, Connie hangs back. Whimpering, slightly.
scene_heading: INT. BADALATO'S BEDROOM
text: Eddie gasps -- stops short.
text: Badalato lies propped up in his robe and socks. He's staring
text: at the test pattern of a TV on his bureau. He's dead.
text: No he's not... Expressionless, still staring ahead:
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: Do I know you?
text: Eddie crosses to the inert ex-cop.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'm Eddie Dowd. I cross-examined
dialog: you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But not very well.
text: Badalato's eyes are shiny as marbles. On his night-table we
text: notice a half-dozen prescription vials.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What did you do with Jimmy Chin's
dialog: body?
text: Badalato's lips part, but there's no sound. Eddie shakes
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What did you do with Jimmy Chin's
dialog: body?
text: Badalato's lids flutter.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: I brought it... to the coroner.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: An hour after you picked it up!
text: Badalato reaches for a vial, casually fishes out two pills.
text: Drowsily concedes:
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: An hour later...
text: He pops the pills.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: From Chinatown... Which is right up
dialog: the street from the morgue! Where
dialog: did you go with the body? What did
dialog: you do with it?
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: Please... I need to sleep...
text: Eddie slams Badalato up against the headboard.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: You're fishing. You don't know shit.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I know about Esparza.
text: A cloud crosses Badalato's face. OS, we HEAR:
speaker_heading: CONNIE'S VOICE
dialog: -- It wasn't Vin's idea.
text: Connie has advanced to the doorway.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Whose idea was it?
text: Badalato tries to focus on his sister.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: Connie get outta here... this is
dialog: official business...!
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You were pressured... Tell the man!
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: Dammit Connie -- go back to bed!
text: As she backs out of the room, to Eddie:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: The little guys always take the rap
dialog: for the big shots.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: (growls)
dialog: Connie!
text: Connie leaves. Eddie turns back to Badalato. Before he can
dialog: resume his inquisition:
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: Montell... one of my partners... he
dialog: said it'd work if it was a thru-and
dialog: thru.
text: Eddie inhales sharply. Lets go of the ex-cop. His voice
text: shrinking to a near-whisper:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What's a "thru-and-thru"?
text: Badalato reaches for another pill.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: I have this chronic pain...
text: He pops the pill, leans back.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: Eight years I'm waiting for some
dialog: genius to notice it took me an hour
dialog: to drive seven blocks.
text: He lets his eyes close. One, two, three beats. Then:
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: I drove Chin's body to The Firing
text: Line. Pistol range, near the Battery.
dialog: Lotta cops used to go there...
scene_heading: FLASH BACK to NOVEMBER 2, 1980:
scene_heading: BADALATO'S POV - MOVING - MIDNIGHT
text: As he pulls the paddywagon into an alley, marked by a sign
text: overhead: "THE FIRING LINE". The SHOT has the floating quality
text: and irresistible forward motion of a dream.
speaker_heading: BADALATO (V.O.)
text: Sklaroff brought Shu Kai Kim's gun.
dialog: Montell was already there...
scene_heading: INT. PADDYWAGON
text: Badalato (younger, fit) lifts his end of the stretcher bearing
text: the sheet-covered corpse. Slides it out, to Montell.
speaker_heading: BADALATO (V.O.)
dialog: He said we'd only have three hours.
text: After that, with the body cooling,
dialog: and the clotting... it wouldn't look
dialog: right to the pathologist.
scene_heading: INT. PISTOL RANGE
text: The cops squat beside the stretcher. Badalato strips the
text: bloody sheet down to the corpse's waist. Sklaroff grips Jimmy
text: Chin's shoulders and carefully hoists his torso upright.
text: Chin's head lolls, empty eyes staring.
speaker_heading: BADALATO (V.O.)
text: Chin was hit once in the forehead by
text: Esparza's .32. The bullet exited
dialog: clean.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's a thru-and-thru.
text: Badalato gingerly tugs on a hank of Chin's hair, to raise up
text: the corpse's head.
speaker_heading: BADALATO (V.O.)
dialog: All Montell had to worry about was
text: firing Kim's .38 at the same angle.
text: Montell, with gloved hand, brings Shu's gun to Jimmy Chin's
text: forehead. Tilts it, just so. And FIRES.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - BADALATO
text: The ROAR of the GUN-BLAST, no less loud as it echoes in his
text: head eight years later, has startled open Badalato's eyes.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: We recovered the bullet and that was
dialog: it -- an airtight case...
text: Eddie is trying to wrap his mind around this awful thing.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: But why? All to protect Esparza?
text: Badalato reaches, unsteadily, for another pill. His lids
text: have drooped again.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
text: Nasty little bastard. He stepped in
dialog: shit...
text: Badalato's head slumps. The impact of his chin striking his
text: chest surprises him awake again.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: ...we had to lick his boots clean.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: He was your snitch.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: (sardonic smile)
dialog: Our own Colombian Connection... For
dialog: three years... Three years of ball
dialog: breaking detective work. And we put
dialog: a lotta bad guys behind bars.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And one good guy.
text: Badalato reaches for the vial again. Eddie grabs it first.
dialog: Reads the label.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Demerol? What the fuck is your
dialog: problem, man? You wanna die?
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: I'm dead. We're both dead.
text: Eddie hurls the open vial across the room: the pills scatter.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Nobody dies till I hear the truth!
dialog: Who ordered the frame on Shu?
text: Badalato stubbornly shakes his heavy head.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: It was wrong, Vinnie -- you know
dialog: that! But we can make it right... if
dialog: you'll fucking stand up!
text: Badalato looks up at Eddie. His eyes fill with tears. Still
text: he doesn't move. Eddie grabs the ex-cop's pudgy hands.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Get up, godammit!
text: And Eddie hauls Badalato off the bed.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Eddie drags Badalato past Connie, chewing her cuticles.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Don't hurt him.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Where's the nearest hospital?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Bellevue. Straight up First --
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: Badalato is slumped in the corner. The car descends with
text: painful slowness. Eddie nudges Badalato's shoulder.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Stay awake, Badalato. Vinnie... Come
dialog: on, man, talk to me!
text: Badalato's response: A faint SNORTING sound.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Did I say snort? No, I said talk.
dialog: Please... I need you to live...
dialog: (an idea)
dialog: Hey: When was the first time you got
dialog: laid?
dialog: (no answer, then)
dialog: Okay, I sympathize, I blocked mine
dialog: out myself. She had a moustache...
text: Finally the car stops. The door creakily slides open. As
text: Eddie pulls the hulking ex-cop upright:
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: ...Where're we goin'?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That-a-boy. Hospital.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: I don' need a hospital... I feel
dialog: fine.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Too fine, Badalato. The bad news is,
dialog: you're gonna live.
text: In response Badalato GURGLES -- it sounds, disconcertingly,
text: like a death rattle.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Make y'a deal. You clean up, I clean
dialog: up. No more dope.
dialog: (amends)
dialog: No more dope for a year.
dialog: (amends)
dialog: For the rest of the year.
text: He hauls Badalato OUT of the elevator, and right into --
text: SKLAROFF AND MONTELL Montell, the burlier of the two, flings
text: Eddie against the wall. With an odd, brutal melancholy:
speaker_heading: MONTELL
dialog: Why'd you have to come here, you
dialog: hippie-dippie fuck?
text: Meantime Sklaroff helps Badalato down the access stairs as
text: he murmurs soothing assurances in the ex-cop's ear.
text: As Montell roughly pat-searches Eddie:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Montell... listen to me: Vinnie took
text: a buncha pills. He needs a hospital.
speaker_heading: MONTELL
dialog: Makes two of ya.
text: He knees Eddie in the groin, then tosses him into:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS STAIRS
text: Eddie tumbles down the short flight. Then picks himself up
text: as Montell hurtles after him. Eddie makes a break, into:
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND GARAGE
text: but ESPARZA's waiting here. He hauls off, smashing Eddie's
text: head against the concrete wall.
speaker_heading: MONTELL
dialog: Goddammit Art, get back in the car!
text: Meantime Sklaroff walks Badalato past a row of dark sedans
text: huddled like hearses... Past a mesh gate that guards the
text: building's ancient furnaces, crackling with flame, spewing
text: steam... To an UNMARKED CAR parked at the far end of the
text: garage. Softly, suppressing his unbearable tension:
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: Vin... What'd you tell the lawyer?
text: He opens the back door, maneuvers Badalato onto the seat.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: Lou...
dialog: With infinite kindness, infinite patience:
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: I'm here, Vin. So's Dave. We need to
dialog: know what you told the lawyer.
text: Badalato nods, slowly. A stoned, beatific smile forms.
speaker_heading: BADALATO
dialog: I came clean...
text: Pain stabs Sklaroff's face. He pats Badalato's knee.
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: Good, Vinnie... You wait here.
text: As he starts back to where Montell and Esparza stand over
text: Eddie, Sklaroff draws the gun from his shoulder-holster.
text: His face, in the dirty yellow flourescent light down here,
text: is a taut, shiny death mask. Quietly:
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: Vinnie told 'im everything.
text: Woozily, as he mops the blood from his brow with a sleeve:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What, "everything"? You shot a corpse.
dialog: I don't give a shit about that -- !
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: Let's snuff this lowlife!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (to Esparza)
dialog: Hey -- the fact you popped Jimmy
text: Chin in broad daylight proves it
dialog: wasn't premeditated. Jury'll
dialog: sympathize -- dude was banging your
dialog: wife, right?
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: Shut your sewer mouth!
text: He lunges at Eddie. Montell pulls him back.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Killing me in the middle of the trial
dialog: would cause quite a stink...
dialog: (to Esparza)
dialog: It won't be clean like with Chuckie.
dialog: What, y'treat him to a match-head of
dialog: pure smack...?
text: Esparza shakes Montell loose.
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: That's right -- I'm a generous guy!
text: Montell gazes with loathing at Esparza.
speaker_heading: MONTELL
dialog: -- Who'd y'waste now, Art?
text: Meantime Sklaroff levels the gun at Eddie's face.
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: Goddam you.
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: Do it. So we can go home.
text: Sklaroff's finger twitches, on the trigger.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Still letting your snitch run you?
text: Sklaroff's eyes flash. Eddie's touched a nerve.
speaker_heading: MONTELL
dialog: Lou... We have to.
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: Waste him, y'little worm!
text: Sklaroff's gaze flies from Esparza to Eddie to Montell. All
text: four men's faces are slick with sweat.
speaker_heading: ESPARZA
dialog: (draws his .32)
dialog: Okay then I'll put this filthy lawyer
dialog: freak out of his mis--
text: Abruptly Sklaroff swivels, jams his gun against Esparza's
text: ear and FIRES. As Esparza topples backward, eyes and mouth
dialog: wide:
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: Shut up, Art.
text: Eddie jumps up in horror. Montell blinks at Sklaroff.
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: Shoulda done that eight years ago.
text: Waving his gun at Esparza's ruined head, Sklaroff hoarsely
text: shouts at Eddie:
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: You see that? You wanna be like that?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No. No...
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: You fucking swear to shut up!
text: Montell registers shock at his partner's offer.
speaker_heading: MONTELL
dialog: ...We can't trust this fuck...
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: (at Eddie)
dialog: You gonna keep quiet -- ?
text: Eddie considers for a moment that feels like forever. Then:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I can't do that... Keep quiet? You
dialog: can't ask me to do that!
speaker_heading: MONTELL
dialog: (explodes)
dialog: Shoot 'im, f'r Chrissakes!
text: Desperate, Sklaroff kicks Esparza's corpse.
speaker_heading: SKLAROFF
dialog: That's the motherfucker killed Jimmy
dialog: Chin. It's justice...!
text: Eddie nods... he agrees...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: But I have a client eight years in
dialog: prison didn't do it...
text: Montell grabs the gun from Sklaroff.
speaker_heading: MONTELL
dialog: You sorry bastard.
text: Eyes fixed on the gun, Eddie takes a step back.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: My guy's gotta walk. You hear me?
text: Montell swallows hard, then raises the gun.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You hear what I'm saying? It's over --
dialog: all the bullshit. Your bullshit, my
dialog: bullshit -- all the lies -- that's
dialog: it, party's over, enough's enough...
dialog: Y'live a lie, you die inside -- don't
dialog: you know that?
dialog: (then, softly)
dialog: I have to go now. I have to be in
dialog: court.
text: Eddie turns.
speaker_heading: MONTELL'S GUN
text: Pointed at Eddie's back. His finger tightens on the trigger.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: crosses the oil-stained concrete... past the row of black
text: sedans, the clanking furnaces... barely able to breathe...
text: waiting for the bullet.
speaker_heading: MONTELL'S ARM
text: starts to shake, just slightly. He brings up his other arm,
text: to steady the gun.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: has traversed this humid half-acre of hell... he reaches the
text: unmarked car. A bleary Badalato looks up at him, Eddie holds
text: out a hand. His voice catching:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Vinnie... You coming?
text: Badalato reaches up. And takes Eddie's hand.
scene_heading: MONTELL AND SKLAROFF
text: Sklaroff places his hand on Montell's wrist. He helps his
text: partner slowly lower the gun. Party's over.
scene_heading: EDDIE AND BADALATO
text: awkwardly walk up the ramp. The sun is just rising over New
text: York City. The two men squint as they come into the light.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTOOM - NEXT MORNING
text: The Pillars have bailed out. Shu sits at the Defense Table.
text: Not happy to be here. Roger stands.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Your Honor, Mr. Dowd indicated that
dialog: he may be detained this morning...
dialog: He asked me to fill in for him...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: This doesn't amuse me, Mr. B--
text: The door opens. It's EDDIE. Tattered, bruised and tired.
text: AT THE PROSECUTION TABLE
text: Rabin nudges Reynard. It appears that the defense has been
text: on a titanic bender.
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: The Judge puts on a sarcastic smile.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Dowd. Do you think
dialog: you might be up to cross-examining
dialog: Mr. Ortega this morning?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Your Honor: I imagine that, no matter
dialog: how careful my questioning, Mr. Ortega
dialog: would, in his well-intentioned way,
dialog: dig my client's hole even deeper.
text: Judge Quealy nods. Not without a trace of compassion.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Well then, does the defense have any
dialog: witnesses?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I suppose I could find an inmate
dialog: who'd say that Shu boasted about
dialog: Chinatown just to survive in the
dialog: joint -- though he didn't really do
dialog: it...
text: AT THE DEFENSE TABLE
text: Shu looks up. Interested, again, in the proceedings.
speaker_heading: SCENE
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I guess I could find witnesses to
dialog: dispute every point made by the D.A.
dialog: But in the end, would we be any closer
dialog: to understanding what really happened
dialog: eight years ago? As Mr. Reynard has
dialog: said, these matters are cloaked in
dialog: secrecy... How can we, here in the
dialog: safety and sanctity of this court,
dialog: presume to pass judgment on Shu Kai
dialog: Kim, a refugee...
text: AT THE DEFENSE TABLE
text: Reynard trades smug looks with Rabin and starts packing his
text: briefcase.
speaker_heading: EDDIE'S VOICE
dialog: ...who has spent his young adulthood
text: like a caged animal in a prison where
dialog: kill or be killed was the code...
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: His impatience tinged with pity:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: -- Then you don't wish to call any
dialog: witnesses, Mr. Dowd?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I would like to put Shu's alleged
dialog: crime in a context, your Honor. And
dialog: we do have the foremost expert on
dialog: prison and street gangs right here
dialog: in this room... If it please the
dialog: court, I'd like to call Mr. Reynard.
text: AT THE DEFENSE TABLE
text: DEAN RABIN looks outraged. REYNARD is merely annoyed.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: I would ask opposing counsel to make
dialog: an offer of proof that this is
text: anything more than a desperate tactic.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Will you both approach the bench...?
text: Reynard strides up. As Eddie joins him:
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: -- Can't Mr. Dowd find his own expert
dialog: witness, your Honor?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'd need a continuance. Three weeks
dialog: at least.
text: Judge Quealy sighs. He doesn't have three weeks to waste.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Your questions would of course be
dialog: restricted to Mr. Reynard's area of
dialog: expertise.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: It's a last-ditch ploy, your Honor...
dialog: The Defense clearly hopes that my
dialog: presence on the stand will create
dialog: the opportunity to call for a
dialog: mistrial.
text: He flashes Eddie a grim smile.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
text: But the Defense is mistaken.
text: Reynard proceeds to the witness box. Though it's clearly a
dialog: formality, the D.A. must be sworn in.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Do you swear to tell the truth, the
dialog: whole truth and nothing but the truth,
dialog: so help you God?
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: I do.
text: Eddie ambles over to the witness box.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Let's start by establishing your
dialog: credentials as an expert witness,
dialog: Mr. Reynard. In the late '70s you
dialog: led an investigation into a Colombian
dialog: crime syndicate called "the Ochoa"?
text: As though indulging a child:
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Yes, Mr. Dowd.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Didn't this investigation, with its
dialog: attendant publicity, catapult you
dialog: into the office you now hold?
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: If I were sitting where I normally
dialog: sit, I would say "Calls for
dialog: speculation."
text: THE JURORS are charmed by Reynard's ironic bonhomie.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Did you do any hands-on work or did
dialog: you just supervise, from on high?
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Mr. Dowd, I was personally involved
dialog: with all phases -- and principals --
dialog: of the investigation.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And who were the detectives who
dialog: assisted you, Mr. Reynard?
speaker_heading: REYNARD
text: glances into Eddie's eyes, to read what's behind them.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: His expression gives away nothing.
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: Reynard, as he answers, manages to sound perfectly casual.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: Lou Sklaroff, Vin Badalato, Dave
dialog: Montell.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: The same three detectives on the
dialog: Jimmy Chin case.
text: Judge Quealy perks up considerably.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: In those days, they often worked as
dialog: a team.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And who was Arturo Esparza?
text: Reynard hesitates. Then:
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: I don't think I know that name.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- But you just said you were
dialog: personally involved with all the
dialog: principals of the investigation.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: I can't be expected to remember the
dialog: name of every informant eight years
dialog: after the fact.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I didn't say he was an informant.
dialog: But since you mentioned it, wasn't
dialog: Esparza your primary informant?
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: (bristles)
dialog: You're trespassing into the area of
dialog: witness protection, Mr. Dowd. Such
text: showboating puts lives at risk.
text: Heedless, Eddie hammers at him.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Isn't it true that without Esparza,
dialog: you had no investigation?
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: (scalding contempt)
dialog: I think you're a dangerous man, Mr.
dialog: Dowd.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I hope so, Mr. Reynard.
text: Eddie moves in closer.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: On the night of November 2, 1980,
dialog: did Art Esparza phone you at home to
dialog: say, "I just killed a man in Chinatown --
dialog: people saw me do it"?
text: The REPORTERS trade looks, then start to madly scribble.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: (ice)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No? Then what did he say?
speaker_heading: DEAN RABIN
text: has no idea what's going on. All he knows is that he must do
text: something. He stands.
speaker_heading: RABIN
text: Objection. Badgering the witness.
text: Judge Quealy's withering glance causes the Deputy D.A. to
dialog: sink back down and stay down.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You'd worked too hard to let Esparza's
dialog: crime of passion spoil everything.
dialog: You ordered your team to comb through
dialog: the mugbooks. Find a patsy. Frame
dialog: him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Protect your case.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Protect your career. Isn't that so?
text: The COURTROOM sucks in a collective breath.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: That's an outrageous accus...
text: Reynard trails off as, in the back of the courtroom:
speaker_heading: VIN BADALATO
text: is helped into the courtroom by CONNIE. Who pointedly sits
text: her brother behind the defense, with Kitty and Mrs. Kim.
speaker_heading: REYNARD
text: A cornered animal. His gaze flicks from Badalato to Eddie.
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: This time Eddie returns Reynard's gaze.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Putting away one punk enabled you to
dialog: keep your informant out of prison
text: and in place.
text: SHU has gone pale. Tears stream down MRS. KIM's face. KITTY
text: reaches an arm around her shoulders, to comfort her.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: By keeping your informant out of
dialog: prison and in place, you were able
dialog: to complete your work. Ultimately
dialog: you saved scores of lives, didn't
dialog: you?
text: No answer. Now Eddie invokes the D.A.'s pet principle:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: It was a trade-off, wasn't it?
text: Quietly, with a kind of tragic dignity:
speaker_heading: REYNARD
dialog: A trade-off, yes...
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'd do it again.
text: Eddie nods. Then returns to the defense table and sits,
text: between Roger and Shu. Eddie looks drained but exalted. He
dialog: can sleep now.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The defense rests.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CELL - MORNING
text: Shu Kai Kim sits on the edge of his cot. Listens to the ECHO
text: of FOOTSTEPS that grow LOUDER. In eight years of waiting, a
dialog: man learns patience.
text: The FOOTSTEPS STOP, tumblers TURN. Still, Shu doesn't move;
text: moving might break the spell. The cell DOOR slides OPEN.
speaker_heading: C.O.'S VOICE
dialog: C'mon, Kim. Time to go.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT
text: Shu emerges from the Main Gate, toting a sad little vinyl
text: valise. Blinking, as though he hasn't seen daylight in years.
text: He heads toward the concrete depot where a bus will take him
dialog: south, to New York City. How strange to walk without shackles,
text: handcuffs, armed guards. OS he HEARS:
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Need a lift?
text: Edward C. Dowd lounges against his Riviera.
text: Shu cocks his head, stares at the lawyer.
text: Eddie shrugs, stares down. Three beats. When he looks up --
text: Shu is standing before him. Searching for words. Failing to
text: find them. At last:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Shit, man -- let's get out of here.
text: Now ROGER steps out of the car, holds open the door for Shu.
speaker_heading: THE RIVIERA
text: Spewing clouds of pollution, Eddie's car pulls away.
text: RISE over the turrets and towers and electrified fences as
text: Eddie, Roger and Shu drive away from the prison, to freedom.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
