speaker_heading: TRUE ROMANCE
dialog: by
dialog: Quentin Tarantino
dialog: August 1992 Early Draft
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
dialog: When you're tired of relationships, try a romance.
text: “His films are a desperate cry from the
dialog: heart of a grotesque fast food culture."
dialog: -French critics on the films
dialog: of Roger Corman.
dialog: "\.. Beyond all the naivete and stupidity,
dialog: beyond the vulgarity inherent in the
dialog: amount of money involved, beyond all this,
dialog: a certain grandeur had rooted itself into
dialog: the scheme, and I could still spy a
text: reckless and artistic splendor to the way
dialog: we had carried it out."
dialog: -Clifford Irving
dialog: on the Howard Hughes
dialog: hoax.
speaker_heading: TRUE ROMANCE
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: DETROIT SKYLINE - TWILIGHT MONOTONE
text: BEGIN MAIN TITLES. Gotham city in deep winter. PERCY
text: SLEDGE hammers out, "When A Man Loves A Woman." Dark,
text: overcast, snow-filled skies shroud big black monoliths
text: set in wastelands of a post holocaust city -- occasional
text: car headlights dissect the blackness.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Ansel Adams type city scapes, the CAMERA MOVES INTO the
text: darkness of the vertical monoliths TO FIND occasional
text: human creatures comforting themselves around open fires.
text: Glimpsed, cracked lips and frightened eyes assault the
text: CAMERA THROUGH a haze of cold breath.
text: A dark planet resembling the pupil of an eye reflects an
text: open fire. Red veins dissect the gray, white void around
text: the planet. It blinks -- it is an eye.
text: END OF TITLES.
scene_heading: SCREEN TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. CADILLAC BAR - TWILIGHT
text: Gotham city rises up in the b.g.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: A smoky cocktail bar in downtown Detroit.
text: CLARENCE WORLEY, a young hipster, hepcat, is trying to
text: pick up on an older lady named LUCY. She isn't bothered
dialog: by him, in fact, she's a little charmed. But, you can
text: tell that she isn't going to leave her barstool.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: In Jailhouse Rock, he's everything
dialog: rockabilly's about. I mean, he is
dialog: rockabilly: mean, surly, nasty,
dialog: rude. In that movie he couldn't
dialog: give a fuck about anything except
dialog: rockin' and rollin', livin' fast,
dialog: dyin' young, and leaving a good
dialog: lookin' corpse.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: CLARENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I love that scene where after
dialog: he's made it big he's throwing
text: a big cocktail party, and all
dialog: these highborws are there, and
dialog: he's singing, 'Baby You're So
dialog: Square... Baby, I Don't Care.'
dialog: Now, they got him dressed like a
dialog: dick. He's wearing these stupid
dialog: lookin' pants, this horrible
dialog: sweater. Elvis ain't no sweater
dialog: boy. I even think they got him
dialog: wearin' penny loafers. Despite
dialog: all that shit, all the highbrows
dialog: at the party, big house, stupid
dialog: clothes, he's still a rude lookin'
dialog: motherfucker. I'd watch that
dialog: hillbilly and I'd want to be him
dialog: so bad. Elvis looked good. I'm
dialog: no fag, but Elvis was good
dialog: lookin'. He was fuckin' prettier
dialog: than most women. I always said
dialog: if I ever had to fuck a guy...
dialog: I mean had to cuz my life depended
dialog: on it... I'd fuck Elvis.
text: Lucy takes a drag from her cigarette.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I'd fuck Elvis.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: When he was alive. I wouldn't
dialog: fuck him now.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I don't blame you.
dialog: (they laugh)
dialog: So, we'd both fuck Elvis. It's
dialog: nice to meet people with common
dialog: interests, isn't it?
text: Lucy laughs.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well, enough about the king, how
dialog: ‘bout you?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: How 'bout me what?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: How ‘bout you go to the movies
dialog: with me tonight?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What are we gonna go see?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
text: A Sonny Chiba triple feature.
dialog: The Streetfighter, Return of the
dialog: Streetfighter, and Sister
dialog: Streetfighter.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Who's Sonny Chiba?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: He is, bar none, the greatest
dialog: actor working in martial arts
dialog: movies ever.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (not believing this)
dialog: You wanna take me to a Kung Fu
dialog: movie?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (holding up three
dialog: fingers)
dialog: Three Kung Fu movies.
text: Lucy takes a drag from her cigarette.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I don't think so. Not my cup of
dialog: tea.
scene_heading: INT. DINGY HOTEL ROOM - DAY
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: "MOTORCITY"
text: The SOUNDS of the CITY flow in through an open window:
text: CAR HORNS, GUN SHOTS and VOICES. Paint is peeling off
text: the walls and the once green carpet is stained black.
text: On the bed nearby is a huge open suitcase filled with
text: clear plastic bags of cocaine. Shotguns and pistols have
text: been dropped carelessly around the suitcase. On the far
text: end of the room, against the wall, is a TV, "Bewitched"
text: is playing.
text: On the opposite end of the room, by the front door, is a
text: table. DREXL SPIVEY and FLOYD DIXON sit around it.
text: Cocaine is on the table as well as little plastic bags and
dialog: a weigher. Floyd is black, Drexl is a white boy, but you
dialog: wouldn't know it to listen to him.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Nigger, get outta my face with
dialog: that bullshit.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Naw man, I don't be eatin' that
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: That's bullshit.
text: BIG DON WATTS, a stout, mean-looking black man who's older
text: than Drexl and Floyd, walks through the door carrying
text: hamburgers and french fries in two greasy brown paper
dialog: bags.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Naw man, that's some serious shit.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Nigger, you lie like a big dog.
speaker_heading: BIG D
dialog: What the fuck are you talkin'
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Floyd say he don't be eatin'
text: pussy.
speaker_heading: BIG D
dialog: Shit, any nigger say he don't eat
text: pussy is lyin' his ass off.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: I heard that.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Hold on a second, Big D. You
dialog: sayin' you eat pussy?
speaker_heading: BIG D
dialog: Nigger, I eat everything. I eat
dialog: the pussy. I eat the butt. I eat
dialog: every motherfuckin' thang.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Preach on, Big D.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Looky here. If I ever did eat
dialog: some pussy -- I would never eat
dialog: any pussy -- but, if I did eat
dialog: some pussy, I sure as hell
dialog: wouldn't tell no goddamn body.
dialog: I'd be ashamed as a motherfucker.
speaker_heading: BIG D
dialog: Shit! Nigger you smoke enough
dialog: sherm your dumb ass'1l do a lot
dialog: a crazy ass things.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Drexl and
dialog: Drexl and
speaker_heading: BIG D (CONT'D)
dialog: So you won't eat pussy?
dialog: Motherfucker, you'll be up there
dialog: suckin' niggers' dicks.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Heard that.
text: Big D bump fists.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Yeah, that's right, laugh. It's
dialog: so funny, oh it's so funny.
dialog: (he takes a hit off
dialog: of a joint)
dialog: There used to be a time when
dialog: sisters didn't know shit about
dialog: gettin' their pussy licked. Then
dialog: the sixties came an' they started
dialog: fuckin' around with white boys.
dialog: And white boys are freaks for that
dialog: shit --
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: -- Because it's good!
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Then after a while sisters get
dialog: used to gettin' their little pussy
dialog: eat. And because you white boys
dialog: had to make pigs of yourselves,
dialog: you fucked it up for every nigger
dialog: in the world everywhere.
speaker_heading: BIG D
dialog: (solemly)
dialog: Drexl. On behalf of me and all
dialog: the brothers who aren't here. I'd
dialog: like to express our gratitude --
dialog: Big D bust up.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Go on, pussy eaters... laugh. You
dialog: look like you be eatin' pussy.
dialog: You got pussy-eatin' mugs. Now if
dialog: a nigger wants to get his dick
dialog: sucked he's got to do a bunch of
dialog: fucked up shit.
speaker_heading: BIG D
dialog: So you do eat pussy!
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Naw, naw!
speaker_heading: BIG D
dialog: You don't like it but you eat that
dialog: shit.
dialog: (to Drexl)
text: He eats it.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Damn skippy. He like it too.
speaker_heading: BIG D
dialog: (mock English accent)
dialog: Me thinketh he doth protest too
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Well fuck you guys then! You guys
dialog: are fucked up!
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Why you trippin'? We jus' fuckin'
dialog: with ya. But I wanna ask a
dialog: question. You with some fine
dialog: bitch, I mean a brick shithouse
dialog: bitch -- You're with Jayne
dialog: Kennedy. You're with Jayne
dialog: Kennedy and you say; ‘Bitch, suck
dialog: my dick!' And then Jayne Kennedy
dialog: says; ‘First things first, nigger,
dialog: I ain't suckin’ shit till you
dialog: bring your ass over here an' lick
dialog: my bush!' Now, what do you say?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: I tell Jayne Kennedy ‘suck my dick
dialog: or I'll beat your ass!'
speaker_heading: BIG D
dialog: Nigger, get real. You touch Jayne
dialog: Kennedy she'll have you ass in
dialog: Wayne County so fast --
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Nigger back off, you ain't beatin'
dialog: shit. Now what would you do?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: I'd say fuck it!
text: Drexl and Big D get up from the table, disgusted and walk
text: away leaving Floyd sitting all alone.
text: Big D sits on the bed, his back turned to Floyd, watching
dialog: "Bewitched."
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: (yelling after them)
dialog: Ain't no man have to eat pussy!
speaker_heading: BIG D
dialog: (not even looking)
dialog: Take that shit somewhere else.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: (marching back)
dialog: You tell Jayne Kennedy to fuck it?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: If it came down to who eats who,
dialog: damn Skippy.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: With that terrible mug of yours if
dialog: Jayne Kennedy told you to eat her
dialog: pussy, kiss her ass, lick her feet,
dialog: chow on her shit, and suck her dogs
dialog: dick, nigger, you'd aim to please.
speaker_heading: BIG D
dialog: (glued to TV)
dialog: I'm hip.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: In fact, I'm gonna show you what
dialog: I mean with a little demonstration.
dialog: Big D, toss me that shotgun.
text: Without turning away from "Bewitched" he picks up the
text: shotgun and tosses it to Drexl.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: (to Floyd)
dialog: Allright, check this out.
dialog: (referring to shotgun)
dialog: Now, pretend this is Jayne
dialog: Kennedy. And you're you.
text: Then, in a blink, he points the shotgun at Floyd and
text: BLOWS him away.
text: Big D leaps off the bed and spins toward Drexl.
text: Drexl, waiting for him FIRES from across the room.
text: The blast hits the big man in the right arm and shoulder,
text: spinning him around.
text: Drexl makes a bee-line toward his victim and FIRES again.
text: Big D is hit with a blast, full in the back. He slams
text: into the wall and drops.
text: Drexl collects the suitcase full of cocaine and leaves.
text: As he gets to the front door he surveys the carnage,
text: spits, and walks out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LYRIC THEATER - NIGHT
text: Sonny Chiba, as "Streetfighter" Terry Surki, dives into a
text: group of guys, fists and feet flying and whips ass on the
text: silver screen.
text: Clarence sits, legs over the back of the chair in front of
text: him, nibbling on popcorn, eyes big as saucers, and a big
text: smile on his face.
scene_heading: EXT. LYRIC THEATER - NIGHT
text: A cab pulls up to the outside of the Lyric. The marquee
dialog: carries the names of the triple feature: The Street-
dialog: fighter, Return of the Streetfighter, and Sister
text: Streetfighter. ALABAMA steps out of the taxi cab and
text: walks up to the box office.
text: A BOX OFFICE GIRL reading an Iron Man comic looks at her.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: One, please.
speaker_heading: BOX OFFICE GIRL
dialog: Ninety-nine cents.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Which one is on now?
speaker_heading: BOX OFFICE GIRL
dialog: Return of the Streetfighter. It's
text: been on about forty-five minutes.
scene_heading: INT. LYRIC THEATER - LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Alabama walks into the lobby and goes over to the con-
text: cession stand. A young Usher takes care of her.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Can I have a medium popcorn? A
text: super large Mr. Pibb, and a box
dialog: of Goobers.
scene_heading: INT. LYRIC THEATER
text: It's still assholes and elbows on the screen with Sonny
text: Chiba taking on all comers.
text: Alabama walks through the doors with her bounty of food.
text: She makes a quick scan of the theater. Not many people
text: are there. She makes a bee-line for the front which just
text: so happens to be Clarence's area of choice. She picks
text: the row of seats just behind Clarence and starts making
dialog: her way down it.
dialog: 9.
text: Clarence turns and sees this beautiful girl all alone
text: moving towards him. He turns his attention back to the
text: screen, trying not to be so obvious.
text: When Alabama gets right behind Clarence, her foot thunks
text: a discarded wine bottle, causing her to trip and spill
text: her popcorn all over Clarence.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Oh, look what happened. Oh God,
dialog: I'm so sorry. Are you okay?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Yeah, I'm fine. It didn't hurt.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I'm the clumsiest person in the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (picking popcorn out
dialog: of his hair)
dialog: It's okay. Don't worry about it.
text: Accidents happen.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (picking popcorn out
dialog: of his hair)
dialog: What a wonderful philosophy. Thanks
dialog: for being such a sweetheart. You
dialog: could have been a real dick.
text: Alabama sits back in her seat to watch the movie.
text: Clarence tries to wipe her out of his mind, which isn't
dialog: easy, and get back into the movie.
text: They both watch the screen for a moment. Then, Alabama
text: leans forward and taps Clarence on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Excuse me. I hate to bother you
dialog: again. Would you mind too terribly
dialog: on filling me in on what I missed?
text: Jumping at this opportunity.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Not at all. Okay, this guy here,
dialog: he's Sonny Chiba.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: The Oriental.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: The Oriental in black. He's an
dialog: assassin.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, at the beginning he was hired
dialog: to kill this guy the cops had. So
text: he got himself arrested. They take
text: him into the police station. And
dialog: he starts kickin' all the cops asses.
text: Now, while keeping them at bay, he
text: finds the guy he was supposed to kill.
dialog: Does a number on him. Kicks the cops'
text: asses some more. Kicks the bars out
text: of the window. And jumps out into a
text: get away car that was waiting for him.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Want some Goobers?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Thanks a lot.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I thought Sonny was the good guy.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: He ain't so much a good guy as he is
dialog: just a bad motherfucker. Sonny don't
dialog: be bullshittin'. He fucks dudes up
text: for life. Hold on, a fight scene's
dialog: comin' up.
text: They both watch, eyes wide, as Sonny Chiba kicks ass.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
speaker_heading: THEATER - LATER
text: On the screen, Sonny Chiba's all jacked up. Dead bodies
text: lay all around him. "THE END" (in Japanese) flashes on
text: the screen.
text: The theater lights go up. Alabama's now sitting in the
text: seat next to Clarence. They're both applauding.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Great movie. Action packed!
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Does Sonny kick ass or does Sonny
dialog: kick ass?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
text: Sonny kicks ass.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You shouldda saw the first original
text: uncut version of The Streetfigher.
dialog: It was the only movie up to that
dialog: time rated X for violence. But we
dialog: just saw the R.
dialog: She shows
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: If that was the R, I'd love to
dialog: see the X.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: My name is Clarence, and what
dialog: is yours?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Alabama Whitman. Pleased to
dialog: meet ya.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Is that your real name? Really?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: That's my real name, really. I
dialog: got proof. See.
dialog: Clarence her driver's license.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well, cut my legs off and call me
dialog: shorty. There's a pretty original
dialog: moniker there, Alabama. Sounds like
dialog: a Pam Grier movie.
dialog: (announcer voice)
dialog: She's a sixteen calibre kitten,
dialog: equally equiped for killin' an
text: lovin'. She carried a sawed-off
text: shotgun in her purse, a black belt
text: around her waist, and the white
text: hot fire of hate in her eyes. Pam
dialog: Grier is Alabama Whitman. Pray
dialog: for Forgiveness. Rated R... for
dialog: Ruthless Revenge.
scene_heading: EXT. LYRIC THEATRE
text: Clarence and Alabama are outside the theatre. With the
text: marquee lit up in the b.g. they both perform unskilled
text: martial arts moves. Clarence and Alabama break up
text: laughing.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Where's your car? I'll walk you
dialog: to it.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I took a cab.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You took a cab to see three Kung
dialog: Fu movies?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Sure. Why not?
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Nothing. It's just you're a girl
dialog: after my own heart.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: ‘Bout twelve.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I suppose you gotta get up
dialog: early, huh?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: No. Not particularly.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Well, it's just when I see a really
dialog: good movie I really like to go out
dialog: and get some pie, and talk about it.
dialog: It's sort of a tradition. Do you
dialog: like to eat pie after you've seen
dialog: a good movie?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I love to get pie after a movie.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Would you like to get some pie?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I'd love some pie.
scene_heading: INT. DENNY'S RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Clarence and Alabama are sitting in a booth at an all
text: night Denny's. It's about 12:30 AM. Clarence is having
text: a piece of chocolate cream pie and a Coke. Alabama's
text: nibbling on a piece of heated apple pie and sipping a
text: large Tab.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well, enough about the king.
dialog: How about you?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: How 'bout me what?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Tell me about yourself.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: There's nothing to tell.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: C'mon. What're ya tryin’ to be?
dialog: The phantom lady?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: What do you want to know?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well, for starters, what do you do?
dialog: Where're ya from? What's your
dialog: favorite color? Who's your favorite
dialog: movie star? What kinda music do you
dialog: like? What are your turn-ons and
dialog: turn-offs? Do you have a fella?
dialog: What's the story behind you takin'
dialog: a cab to the most dangerous part
dialog: of town alone? And, in a theatre
dialog: full of empty seats, why did you
dialog: sit by me?
text: Alabama takes a bite of pie, puts down her fork, and
text: looks at Clarence.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Ask me them again. One by one.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I don't remember.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Where are you from?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I might be from Tallahassee. But
dialog: I'm not sure yet.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What's you favorite color?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I don't remember. But off the top
dialog: of my head, I'd say black.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Who's you favorite movie star?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Burt Reynolds.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Would you like a bite of my pie?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Yes, I would.
dialog: 14.
text: Clarence scoops up a piece on his fork and Alabama bites
dialog: it off.
dialog: She looks
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Like it?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Very much. Now, where were we?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What kinda music do you like?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Phil Spector. Girl group stuff.
dialog: You know, like 'He's a Rebel.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What are your turn-ons?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Mickey Rourke, somebody who can
dialog: appreciate the finer things in life,
dialog: like Elvis' voice, good Kung Fu,
text: and a tasty piece of pie.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Turn-offs?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I'm sure there must be something,
dialog: but I don't really remember. The
dialog: only thing that comes to mind are
dialog: Persians.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Do you have a fellah?
text: at Clarence and smiles.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I'm not sure yet. Ask me again
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What's the story behind you takin'
dialog: a cab to the most dangerous part
dialog: of town alone?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Apparently, I was hit on the head
text: with something really heavy, giving
dialog: me a form of amnesia. When I came
dialog: to, I didn't know who I was, where
dialog: I was, or where I came from.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Luckily, I had my driver's license
dialog: or I wouldn't even know my name.
dialog: I hoped it would tell me where I
dialog: lived, but it had a Tallahassee
dialog: address on it, and I stopped someone
dialog: on the street and they told me I was
dialog: in Detroit. So that was no help.
dialog: But I did have some money on me, so
dialog: I hopped in a cab until I saw somethin'
dialog: that looked familiar. For some reason,
dialog: and don't ask me why, that theater
dialog: looked familiar. So I told him to
dialog: stop and I got out.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
text: And in a theater full of empty
dialog: seats, why did you sit by me?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Because you looked like a nice
dialog: guy, and I was a little scared.
dialog: And I sure couldda used a nice
dialog: guy about that time, so I spilled
dialog: my popcorn on you.
text: Clarence looks at her closely. He picks up his soda and
text: sucks on the straw until it makes that slurping sound. He
text: puts it aside and stares into her soul.
text: A smile cracks on her face and develops into a big wide grin.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Aren't you just dazzled by my
dialog: imagination, lover boy?
dialog: (eats her last piece
dialog: of pie)
dialog: Where to next?
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE - NIGHT
text: It's about 1:30 AM. Clarence has taken Alabama to where
text: he works. It's a comic book store called "Heros For Sale."
dialog: Alabama thinks this place is super cool.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Wow. Whatta swell place to work.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Yeah, I got the key, so I come
dialog: here at night, hang out, read
text: comic books, play music.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: How long have you worked here?
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Almost four years.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: That's a long time.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I'm hip. But you know, I'm
dialog: comfortable here. It's easy work.
dialog: I know what I'm doing. Everybody
dialog: who works here is my buddy. I'm
text: friendly with most of the customers.
dialog: I just hang around and talk about
dialog: comic books all day.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Do you get paid a lot?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: That's where the trouble comes
text: into paradise. But the boss lets
dialog: you borrow money if you need it.
dialog: Wanna see what Spiderman number
dialog: one looks like?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: You bet. How much is that worth?
text: Clarence gets a box off the shelf.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Four hundred bucks.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I didn't even know they had stores
dialog: that just sold comic books.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well, we see other things too.
dialog: Cool stuff. Man From U.N.C.L.E.
dialog: lunch boxes. Green Hornet board
dialog: games. Shit like that. But
dialog: comic books are our main business.
dialog: There's a lot of collectors around
dialog: here.
text: She holds up a little G.I. Joe-size action figure of a
dialog: black policeman.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: That's a Rookies doll. George
dialog: Stanford Brown. We gotta lotta
dialog: dolls. They're real cool.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you know they came out with
dialog: dolls for all the actors in
dialog: The Black Hole? I always found it
dialog: funny that somewhere there's a kid
dialog: playin' with a little figure of
dialog: Ernest Borgnine.
text: He pulls out a plastic-encased Spiderman comic from
dialog: the box.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Spiderman, number one. The one
dialog: that started it all.
text: Clarence shows the comic book to Alabama.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: God, Spiderman looks different.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: He was just born, remember? This
dialog: is the first one. You know that
dialog: guy, Dr. Gene Scott? He said that
dialog: the story of Spiderman is the
text: story of Christ, just disguised.
dialog: Well, I thought about that even
dialog: before I heard him say it. Hold
dialog: on, let me show you my favorite
dialog: comic book cover of all time.
dialog: (pulls out another comic)
text: Sgt. Fury and his Howling Commandoes.
dialog: One of the coolest series known to
dialog: man. They're completely worthless.
dialog: You can get number one for about
dialog: four bucks. But that's one of
dialog: the cool things about them, they're
dialog: so cheap.
dialog: (opens one up)
dialog: Just look at that artwork, will ya.
dialog: Great stories. Great characters.
dialog: Look at this one.
text: We see the Sgt. Fury panels.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Nick's gotten a ring for his
dialog: sweetheart and he wears it around
dialog: his neck on a chain. Okay, later
text: in the story he gets into a fight
text: with a Nazi bastard on a ship. He
text: knocks the guy overboard, but the
text: kraut grabs a hold of his chain and
text: the ring goes overboard too. So,
text: Nick dives into the ocean to get
dialog: it. Isn't that cool?
dialog: 18.
text: She's looking into Clarence's eyes. He turns and
text: meets her gaze.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Alabama, I'd like you to have this.
text: Clarence hands her the Sgt. Fury and His Howling Commadoes
dialog: comic book, he loves so much.
scene_heading: INT. CLARENCE'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT (LATER)
text: Clarence and Alabama make love in his bed. However,
text: while they're not missing a beat during intercourse,
text: Clarence can't shut up. The following dialogue sounds
text: exactly like what it is, a man and woman in the throes
text: of passion trying to carry on a conversation.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You know when you sat behind me?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: At the movies?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Uh-huh. I was tryin' to think of
dialog: somethin' to say to you, then I
dialog: thought 'She doesn't want me
dialog: bothering her.'
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: What would make you think that?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I dunno. I guess I'm just stupid.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: You're not stupid. Just wrong.
text: Their lips envelop each other.
scene_heading: INT. CLARENCE'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT (LATER)
text: Clarence's bedroom is a pop culture explosion. Movie
dialog: posters, pictures of Elvis, anything you can imagine.
text: The sweaty lovebirds are soaking in a post-passion hot
text: bath. By the look of the comfort they share, it would
dialog: be hard to imagine that they met not five hours ago.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I love Janis.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You know a lot of people have
dialog: misconceptions of how she died.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: She OD'd, didn't she?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Yeah, she OD'd. But she wasn't on
dialog: her last legs or anything. She
dialog: didn't take too much. It shouldn't
dialog: have killed her. There was something
dialog: wrong with what she took.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: You mean she got a bad batch?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: That's what happened. In fact, when
dialog: she died, it was considered to be
dialog: the happiest time of her life. She'd
dialog: been fucked over so much by men, she
dialog: didn't trust them. She's having
dialog: this relationship with this guy and
dialog: he asked her to marry him. Now,
dialog: other people had asked to marry
dialog: her before, but she couldn't be
dialog: sure whether they really loved her
dialog: or were just after her money. So
dialog: she said no. And the guy says,
dialog: ‘Look I really love you and I wanna
dialog: prove it. So have your lawyers
dialog: draw up a paper that says no matter
dialog: what happens, I can never get any
dialog: of your money, and I'll sign it.'
dialog: So she did, and he did and he asked
dialog: her and she said yes. And once
dialog: they were engaged, he told her a
dialog: secret about himself that she
dialog: never knew; he was a millionaire.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: So he really loved her?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Uh-huh.
scene_heading: INT. CLARENCE'S LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: It's the next day. Clarence wakes up in his bed alone.
text: He looks around and no Alabama, but the skylight to the
text: roof is open.
text: The stairs are down. Clarence pulls on a large ratty
text: fur coat salvaged from a thrift shop and heads for the
dialog: roof.
dialog: 20. ***
scene_heading: EXT. CLARENCE'S APARTMENT (DOWNTOWN DETROIT) - ROOF
speaker_heading: DAWN
text: It is early, a time when even Detroit looks beautiful.
text: Clarence's run-down Victorian apartment building is
text: dwarfed between Gotham City high rises and 70's glass
dialog: behemoths.
text: On the roof is an enormous Marlboro billboard -- Monument
text: Valley frames the All American cowboy. On the catwalk,
text: in a strange green underlight, which illuminates the
text: billboard, is Alabama. She is sitting on a yellow plastic
text: collapsible beach chair, swathed in a large overcoat and
text: blanket. This is Clarence's terrace where he often
text: surveys the city. He approaches Alabama along the cat-
text: walk. She tries to compose herself.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What's wrong, sweetheart? Did I
dialog: do something? What did I do?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: You didn't do nothin’.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Did you hurt yourself?
dialog: (he takes her foot)
dialog: What'd ya do? Step on thumbtack.
text: Clarenc unfolds a second beach chair and sits next to
dialog: Alabama.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Clarence, I've got something to
dialog: tell you. I didn't just happen
dialog: to be at that theater. I was paid
dialog: to be there.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What are you, a theater checker?
dialog: You check up on the box office
dialog: girls? Make sure they're not
text: ripping the place off.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I'm not a theater checker. I'ma
dialog: call girl.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You're a whore?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I'm a call girl, there is a
dialog: difference, you know.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 21. ***
speaker_heading: ALABAMA (CONT'D)
dialog: (she takes a deep
dialog: breath, between sobs)
dialog: I don't know, maybe there's not.
dialog: That place you took me to last
dialog: night, that comic book place.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Heros For Sale?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Here goes: you got a boss, right?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Yeah... I got a boss. I work at
dialog: ‘Heroes For Sale.' It's a comic
dialog: book store. It's great because
dialog: most of the customers only come
dialog: in to browse. So I can pretty
dialog: much do...
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: What's his name?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: My boss... my boss is called
dialog: Lance.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: That's him. He called where I
dialog: work and ordered a girl for you.
dialog: He told them that you didn't get
dialog: out much and he wanted you to get
dialog: laid... Seein' it was your
dialog: birthday and all. But he didn't
dialog: want me just to show up. He
dialog: wanted me to act like I picked you
dialog: up. The plan was for me to bump
dialog: into you, pick you up, spend the
dialog: night and skip out after you fell
dialog: asleep. I was gonna write you a
dialog: note and say that this was my
dialog: last day in America. That I was
dialog: leavin' on a plane this morning
dialog: to the Ukraine to marry a rich
dialog: millionaire, and thank you for
dialog: making my last day in America my
dialog: best day.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: That dazzling imagination.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: It's on your TV. Shine reading
dialog: it. All it says is: ‘Dear
dialog: Clarence.'
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA (CONT'D)
dialog: I couldn't write anymore. I didn't
dialog: want to ever see you again. In
dialog: fact, it's stupid not to ever see
dialog: you again. Last night... I don't
dialog: know... I felt... I hadn't had that
dialog: much fun since Girl Scouts. So I
dialog: just said, ‘Alabama, come clean.
dialog: Let him know, what's what, and if
dialog: he tells you to go fuck yourself
dialog: then go back to Drexl and fuck
dialog: yourself.'
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Who and what is a Drexl?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: My pimp.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You have a pimp?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: A real live pimp?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Is he black?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: He thinks he is. He says his
dialog: mother was Apache, but I suspect
text: he's lying.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Is he nice?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Well, I wouldn't go so far as to
dialog: call him nice, but he's treated
dialog: me pretty decent. But I've only
dialog: been there about four days. He
dialog: got a little rough with Arlene the
dialog: other day.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What did he do to Arlene?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
text: Slapped her around a little.
text: Punched her in the stomach. It
dialog: was pretty scary.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: This motherfucker sounds charming!
text: Clarence is on his feet, furious.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: God damn it, Alabama, you gotta
dialog: get the fuck outta there! How
dialog: much longer before he's slappin'
dialog: you around? Punchin' you in the
dialog: stomach? How the fuck did you
text: get hooked up with a douche bag
dialog: like this in the first place?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: At the bus station. He said I'd
dialog: be a perfect call girl. And that
dialog: he knew an agency in California
dialog: that, on his recommendation, would
dialog: handle me. They have a very
dialog: exclusive clientele: movie stars,
dialog: big business men, total white
dialog: collar. And all the girls in the
dialog: agency get a grand a night. At
dialog: least five hundred. They drive
dialog: Porsches, live in condos, have
dialog: stockbrokers, carry beepers, you
dialog: know, like Nancy Allen in Dressed
dialog: To Kill. And when I was ready he'd
dialog: call ‘em, give me a plane ticket,
dialog: and send me on my way. He says
dialog: he makes a nice finder's fee for
dialog: finding them hot prospects. But
dialog: no one's gonna pay a grand a night
dialog: for a girl who doesn't know
dialog: whether to shit or wind her watch.
dialog: So what I'm doin' for Drexl now is
dialog: just sorta learnin' the ropes. It
dialog: seemed like a lotta fun, but I
dialog: don't really like it much, till
dialog: last night. You were only my
dialog: third trick, but you didn't feel
dialog: like a trick. Since it was a
dialog: secret, I just pretended I was
dialog: on a date. And, um, I guess I
dialog: want a second date.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Thank you. I wanna see you again
dialog: too. And again, and again, and
dialog: again. Bama, I know we haven't
dialog: known each other long, but my
dialog: parents went together all through
dialog: high school, and they still got a
dialog: divorce. So fuck it, you wanna
dialog: marry me?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Will you be my wife?
text: When Alabama gives her answer, her voice cracks.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: ( a little surprised)
dialog: You will?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: You better not be fuckin' teasin'
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You better not be fuckin' teasin'
dialog: me.
text: They seal it with a kiss.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - ALABAMA'S WEDDING RING - LATER THAT NIGHT
dialog: 24.
text: PULL BACK to reveal the newlyweds are both snuggling up
text: together on the couch watching TV. The movie they're
dialog: watching is "The Incredible One Armed Boxer vs. the
text: Master of the Flying Guillotine." Alabama watches the
text: screen, but every so often she looks down to admire
text: the ring on her hand.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Did ya ever see The Chinese
dialog: Professionals?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I don't believe so.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well, that's the one that explains
dialog: how Jimmy Wang Yu became the
dialog: Incredible One-Armed Boxer.
dialog: We hear, O.S., the TV ANNOUNCER say:
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: We'll return to Jimmy Wang Yu in...
dialog: The Incredible One-Armed Boxer vs.
dialog: The Master of the Flying Guillotine,
text: tonight's eight o'clock movie, after
dialog: these important messages...
text: Clarence looks at the TV.
dialog: 25. ***
text: He feels the warmth of Alabama's hand holding his.
text: We see commercials playing.
text: He turns in her direction.
text: She's absent-mindedly looking at her wedding ring.
text: He smiles and turns back to the TV.
dialog: More commercials.
text: DOLLY CLOSE ON Clarence's face.
speaker_heading: FLASH ON
dialog: Alabama, right after he proposed.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: You better not be fuckin' teasin'
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: FLASH ON
text: In a cute, all-night wedding chapel. Clarence dressed in
text: a rented tuxedo and Alabama in a rented white wedding
dialog: gown.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: FLASH ON
text: Clarence and Alabama, dressed in tux and gown, doing a
text: lover's waltz on a ballroom dance floor.
speaker_heading: FLASH ON
text: Clarence and Alabama in a taxi cab.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Hello, Mrs. Worley.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: How do you do, Mr. Worley?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Top-o-the morning to you, Mrs.
dialog: Worley.
dialog: 26. ***
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
text: Bottom of the ninth, Mr. Worley.
dialog: Oh, by the by, Mr. Worley, have
dialog: you seen your lovely wife today?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Oh, you're speaking of my charming
dialog: wife, Mrs. Alabama Worley.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Of course. Are there others, Mr.
dialog: Worley?
text: Moving on top of her.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Not for me.
text: He starts kissing her and moving her down on the seat.
text: She resists.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (playfully)
dialog: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no...
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (playfully)
dialog: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,
dialog: yes...
scene_heading: EXT. TATTOO PARLOR - DAY
text: Seedy hole in the wall tattoo parlor framed between a
text: Chinese take-away and a laundromat. Clarence's car sits
text: with two wheels up on the curb.
scene_heading: INT. TATTOO PARLOR - CLOSE ON NEEDLE - DAY
text: colorizing a red banner. The banner reads: CLARENCE.
text: little airborne cherub sports the banner. Alabama is
text: down on a table sweating, gripping Clarence's hands.
text: is sporting a mirror tattoo on his upper arm but this
text: the banner reads: ALABAMA and the cherub is releasing
text: arrow from his bow.
text: An aging English punk rocker wearing baggy shorts, an
text: assortment of strange body tattoos and Doc Martins,
text: performs the surgery on Alabama's butt. BILLY IDOL'S
text: “White Wedding" booms through the small sweaty space.
text: As Alabama goes through the painful tattoo, she fills
dialog: Clarence in on her history.
dialog: A
dialog: face
dialog: He
dialog: time
dialog: an
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: ... I want you to know for instance
dialog: I wasn't the school whore. I had
dialog: a boyfriend in Junior high, David,
dialog: he played basketball. Then he
dialog: moved away and I didn't have a
dialog: boyfriend again for a year. Then
dialog: at the end of my junior year I got
text: another boyfriend, Glenn.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What was he?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Chinese. Anyway, we went together
dialog: for a little while then broke up.
dialog: I'm telling you all this so you'll
dialog: understand I'm not what we call
dialog: in Florida, white trash. I'ma
dialog: very nice person. And when it
dialog: comes to relationships I'm totally
dialog: one hundred percent 'managama' --
dialog: ‘manamama.'
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You stay with one guy.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Exactly. If I'm with you, I'm
dialog: with you. I don't want anybody
dialog: else. Everything I just said is
dialog: the truth so maybe you won't hold
dialog: any lies I said last night against
dialog: me too much.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Baby doll, last night was one of
dialog: the greatest nights of my life.
dialog: So stop apologizing for making my
dialog: dreams come true.
speaker_heading: FLASH ON
text: A big mean-looking black man in PIMP clothes.
speaker_heading: PIMP
dialog: Bitch, you better git yo ass back
dialog: on the street an' git me my money!
speaker_heading: FLASH ON
text: Pimp on street corner with his arm around Alabama, giving
text: a sales pitch to a potential customer.
dialog: 28. ***
speaker_heading: PIMP
dialog: I'm tellin' you, my man, this
dialog: bitch is fine. This girl's a
dialog: freak! You can fucker in the ass,
dialog: fucker in the mouth. Rough stuff
dialog: too. She's a freak for it. Jus'
dialog: try not to fucker up for life.
speaker_heading: FLASH ON
text: Pimp beating Alabama.
speaker_heading: PIMP
dialog: You holdin' out on me, girl? Bitch,
dialog: you never learn!
speaker_heading: FLASH ON
text: Alabama passionately kissing the uninterested pimp.
text: . PIMP .
dialog: Hang it up, momma. I got no time
dialog: for this bullshit.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: TV WITH KUNG FU ON IT
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
speaker_heading: CLARENCE'S FACE
text: There's definitely something different about his eyes.
text: Clarence springs off the couch and goes into his bedroom.
text: Alabama's startled by his sudden movement.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (yelling after him)
dialog: Where you goin', honey?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE (0.S.)
dialog: I just gotta get somethin’.
scene_heading: INT. CLARENCE'S APARTMENT - BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Clarence splashes water on his face trying to wash away
text: the images that keep polluting his mind. Then, he hears
text: a familiar voice.
speaker_heading: ELVIS PRESLEY (0.S.)
dialog: Well? Can you live with it?
text: Clarence turns and sees that the voice belongs to ELVIS
text: PRESLEY. Clarence isn't surprised to see him.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: Can you live with it?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Live with what?
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: With that sonofabitch walkin'
text: around breathin' the same air as
dialog: you? And gettin' away with it
dialog: every day. Are you haunted?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: You wanna get unhaunted?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: Then shoot ‘em. Shoot ‘em in
dialog: the face. And feed that boy to
dialog: the dogs.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I can't believe what the fuck
dialog: you're telling me.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: I ain't tellin' ya nothin’. I'm
dialog: just sayin' what I'd do.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You'd really do that?
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: He don't got no right to live.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Look, Elvis, he is haunting me.
dialog: He doesn't deserve to live. And
dialog: I do not want to kill him. But I
dialog: don't want ta go to jail for the
dialog: rest of my life.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: I don't blame you.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: If I thought I could get away
dialog: with it --
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: Killin' 'em's the hard part.
dialog: Gettin' away with it is the
dialog: easy part. Whaddya think the
dialog: cops do when a pimp's killed?
dialog: Burn the midnight oil tryin' to
dialog: find who done it? They couldn't
dialog: give a flyin' fuck if all the
dialog: pimps in the whole wide world
dialog: took two in the back of the
dialog: fuckin' head. If you don't get
text: caught at the scene with the
dialog: smokin' gun in your hand, you
dialog: got away with it.
text: Clarence looks at Elvis.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: Clarence, I like ya. Always
dialog: have, always will.
scene_heading: INT. CLARENCE'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - CLOSE ON SNUBNOSEED
speaker_heading: -38 - NIGHT
text: which Clarence loads and sticks in a heavy athletic
text: sock he's wearing.
scene_heading: INT. CLARENCE'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Clarence returns.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Sweetheart, write down your
dialog: former address.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Write down Drexl's address.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: So I can go over there and pick up
dialog: your things.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (really scared)
dialog: No, Clarence. Just forget it,
dialog: babe. I jus' wanna disappear
dialog: from there.
text: He kneels down before her and holds her hand.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Look, sweetheart, he scares you
dialog: but I'm not scared of that
dialog: motherfucker. He can't touch you
dialog: now. You're completely out of
dialog: his reach. He poses absolutely
dialog: no threat to us. So if he doesn't
dialog: matter, which he doesn't it would
dialog: be stupid to lose your things now,
dialog: wouldn't it?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: You don't know him --
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You don't know me. Not when it
dialog: comes to shit like this. I have
dialog: to do this. I need for you to
dialog: know you can count on me to
dialog: protect you. Now write down his
dialog: address.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT/EXT. RED MUSTANG - DOWNTOWN DETROIT STREETS - TWILIGHT
dialog: Image what Bel Air would be like if the crime rate got so
dialog: bad that people just said "fuck it" and left. The dealers,
text: pimps, and filth of the world have taken over. They just
text: moved right into the large Victorian mansions that at one
dialog: time were nice. That time is gone for sure, all the houses
text: that still stand are in an accelerated state of decay.
text: Between the houses, in what was once spacious grounds,
dialog: there now exists only no-man's lands where all of the
text: deals take place. The living dead of the drug world
dialog: wander about.
text: Clarence drives through all of this until he gets to
text: the address written on the TV Guide.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN DETROIT STREET - TWILIGHT
text: It's pretty late at night. Clarence steps out of his
text: red Mustang. He's right smack dab in the middle of a
dialog: bad place to be in the daytime.
text: He checks his pulse on his neck, it's beating like a
text: race horse. To pump himself up, he does a quick Elvis
text: Presley gyration.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (in Elvis' voice)
dialog: Yeah... yeah...
text: He starts walking into the large open field.
dialog: 32.***
scene_heading: EXT. NO-MAN'S LAND FIELD - TWILIGHT
text: Clarence has a beat to his stride that says "confidence."
text: But with each step into the dimly lit expanse, thoughts of
text: “what the hell am I doing" begin creeping into his mind.
text: In the b.g., against the dilapidated mansions, Clarence
text: can see the eerie glow that at one time may have been
dialog: fireflies... today it's crack pipes.
text: Clarence approaches JUPITER, a diseased-looking dealer/
text: junkie who thinks Clarence is there to score.
speaker_heading: JUPITER
dialog: My man, let me show you to the
dialog: white lady.
dialog: This stops Clarence cold.
speaker_heading: JUPITER
dialog: I got crack, crank, smack, dope...
dialog: man, I sell hope. Send you to the
text: moon and back. Then some.
text: Clarence walks past him like a man on a mission.
speaker_heading: JUPITER
dialog: Chill, man, life ain't that bad.
text: And Jupiter walks off to confront another customer.
text: Clarence makes his way, more confident than ever,
text: toward the door of a large, dark Victorian mansion.
scene_heading: EXT. DARK VICTORIAN - TWILIGHT
text: Clarence steps up to the massive door of the house.
text: His heart's really racing now. He has the TV Guide
text: that Alabama wrote the address on in his hand.
text: He KNOCKS on the door using the HUGE KNOCKERS.
text: Marty answers the door.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: You want somethin'?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Drex1?
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Nah, man. I'm Marty. Whatcha
dialog: want?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I gotta talk to Drexl.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Well, what the fuck you wanna
dialog: tell him?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: It's about Alabama.
text: A figure appears in the doorway, wearing a yellow Farrah
text: Fawcett T-shirt. It's our friend, Drexl.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Where the fuck is that bitch?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: She's with me.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Who the fuck are you?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I'm her husband.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Well, that makes us practically
dialog: related. Bring your ass on in.
scene_heading: INT. DREXL'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Drexl and Marty about-face and walk into the room
text: continuing a conversation they were having and leaving
text: Clarence standing in the doorway.
dialog: This is not the confrontation Clarence expected. He
text: trails in behind Drexl and Marty.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: (to Marty)
dialog: What was I sayin'?
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Rock whores.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: You ain't seen nothin' like these
dialog: rock whores. They ass be young,
dialog: man. They got that fine young
dialog: pussy. Bitches want the rock they
dialog: be freak for you. They give you
text: hips, lips and the fingertips.
text: Drexl looks over his shoulder at Clarence.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: (to Clarence)
dialog: You know what I'm talking about?
dialog: 34.
text: Drexl gestures to one of the three stoned hookers
text: lounging about on couches in the large living room that
text: has been transformed from something dignified to a
dialog: cesspool.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: (to Marty)
dialog: These bitches over here ain't shit.
dialog: You stomp them bitches to death to
dialog: get the kinda pussy I'm talking
dialog: about.
text: Drexl sits down on the couch with a card table in
text: front of it scattered with take-out boxes of Chinese
text: food. The black exploitation movie The Mack with
text: Max Julian is playing on the TV. This is not how
text: Clarence expected to confront Drexl, but this is
dialog: exactly what he expected Drexl to be like.
text: He positions himself in front of the food table,
text: demanding Drexl's attention.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: (eating with chopsticks;
dialog: to Clarence)
dialog: Grab a seat there, boy. Want some
dialog: dinner? Grab yourself an eggroll.
dialog: We got everything here from a
dialog: diddle-eyed joe to a damned-if-I-know.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: No thanks.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: No thanks? What does that mean?
dialog: Means you ate before you came on
dialog: down here? All full? Is that it?
dialog: Nah, I don't think so. I think
dialog: you're too scared to be eatin'.
dialog: Now, see, we're sitting down
dialog: here ready to negotiate, and
dialog: you've already given up your shit.
dialog: I'm still a mystery to you. But,
dialog: I know exactly where your ass is
dialog: comin' from. See, if I asked
dialog: you if you wanted some dinner and
dialog: you grabbed an eggroll and started
dialog: to chow down, I'd say to myself
dialog: ‘This motherfucker's carryin' on
dialog: like he ain't got a care in the
dialog: world. Who knows, maybe he don't.
dialog: Maybe this fool's such a bad
dialog: motherfucker, he don't got to
dialog: worry about nothin'. He jus' sit
dialog: down, eat my Chinese, watch my TV.
dialog: See? You ain't even sat down yet.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: DREXL (CONT'D)
dialog: On that TV there, since you been in
text: the room, is a woman with her titties
dialog: hangin' out, and you ain't even
dialog: bothered to look. You jus' been
dialog: starin' at me. Now, I know I'm
dialog: pretty, but I ain't as pretty as
text: a couple a titties.
text: Clarence takes out an envelope and throws it on the table.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I'm not eatin' ‘cause I'm not
dialog: hungry. I'm not sittin' ‘cause
dialog: I'm not stayin’. I'm not lookin'
dialog: at the movie 'cause I saw it seven
dialog: years ago. It's The Mack with Max
dialog: Julian, Carol Speed and Richard
dialog: Pryor, written by Bobby Poole,
text: directed by Michael Campus, and
dialog: released by Cinema Releasing
dialog: Company in nineteen-seventy-four.
dialog: I'm not scared of you. I just
dialog: don't like you. In that envelope
dialog: is some payoff money. Alabama's
text: moving on to some greener pastures.
dialog: We're not negotiating. I don't
dialog: like to barter. I don't like to
dialog: dicker. I never have fun in
dialog: Tijuana. That price is non-
dialog: negotiable. What's in that
dialog: envelope is for my peace of mind.
dialog: My peace of mind is worth that
dialog: much. Not one penny more, not
dialog: one penny more.
text: You could hear a pin drop in the room. Once Clarence
text: started talking, Marty went on full alert. Drexl
text: stopped eating and the whores stopped breathing. All
text: eyes are on Drexl. Drexl drops his chopsticks and
text: opens the envelope. It's empty.
speaker_heading: DREXL
text: It's empty.
text: Clarence flashes a wide Cheshire cat grin that says
dialog: "That's right, asshole." Silence.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Oooo00000 eeeeeeee! This child is
dialog: terrible. Marty, you know what we
dialog: got here? Motherfuckin' Charlie
dialog: Bronson. Is that who you supposed
dialog: to be, Mr. Majestyk ? Looky, here,
dialog: Charlie, none of this shit is
dialog: necessary. I ain't got no hold on
dialog: Alabama. I jus' tryin' to lend
text: the girl a helpin' hand.
dialog: 36.
text: Before Drexl finishes the sentence, he picks up the card
text: table and throws it at Clarence, catching him off guard.
text: Marty comes up behind Clarence and throws his arm around
text: his neck, putting him in a tight choke hold.
text: Clarence, with his free arm, hits Marty hard with his
dialog: elbow in the solar plexus. We'll never know whether that
dialog: blow had any effect because just at that moment Drexl
text: takes a flying leap and tackles the two guys.
text: All of them go crashing into the stereo unit and a couple
text: of shelves that hold records, all of which collapse to
text: the floor in a shower of LP's.
text: Marty, who's on the bottom of the pile hasn't let go of
dialog: Clarence.
text: Since Drexl's on top he starts slamming his fists into
text: Clarence's face.
text: Clarence, who's sandwiched between these two guys, can't
dialog: do a whole lot about it.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Ya wanna fuck wit' me?
dialog: (hits Clarence)
dialog: Ya wanna fuck wit' me?
dialog: (hits Clarence)
dialog: I'll show ya who you're fuckin' wit'!
text: He hits Clarence hard in the face with both fists.
text: Clarence, who has no leverage whatsoever, grabs hold of
text: Drexl's face and digs his nails in. He sticks his thumb in
text: Drexl's mouth, grabs a piece of cheek and starts twisting.
text: Marty, who's in even worse of a position, can't do any-
text: thing but tighten his grip around Clarence's neck until
text: Clarence feels like his eyes are going to pop out of
text: his head.
text: Drexl's face is getting torn up but he's also biting
text: down hard on Clarence's thumb.
text: Clarence raises his head and brings it down hard,
text: crunching Marty's face and busting his nose.
text: Marty loosens his grip on Clarence's neck.
text: Clance wriggles free and gets up onto his knees.
text: Drexl and Clarence are now on even footing, but awkward
text: footing it is. The two are going at each other like a
text: pair of alley cats, not aiming their punches, just keep-
text: ing them coming fast and furious. They're not doing much
text: damage to each other because their positions, almost like
text: a hockey fight.
dialog: 37.
text: Marty sneaks up behind Clarence and smashes him in the
text: head with a stack of LP's. This disorients Clarence.
text: Marty grabs him from behind and pulls him to his feet.
text: Drexl socks him in the face. One, two, three! Then he
text: kicks him hard in the balls.
text: Marty lets go and Clarence hits the floor like a sack of
text: potatoes. He curls up into a fetal position and holds
text: his balls, tears coming out of his eyes.
text: Drexl's face is torn up from Clarence's nails.
text: Marty has blood streaming down his face from his nose
text: and onto his shirt.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: (to Marty)
dialog: You okay? That stupid dumb-ass
dialog: didn't break your nose, did he?
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Nah. It don't feel so good but
dialog: it's all right.
text: Drexl kicks Clarence, who's still on the ground, hurting.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: (to Clarence)
dialog: You see what you get when you fuck
dialog: wit' me, white boy? You're gonna
dialog: walk in my goddamn house, my house!
dialog: Gonna come in here and tell me!
dialog: Takin' that smack in front of my
dialog: employees. Shit! Your ass mus'
dialog: be crazy.
dialog: (to Marty)
dialog: I don't think this white boy's got
dialog: good sense. Hey, Marty.
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: He must o' thought it was white
dialog: boy day. It ain't white boy day,
dialog: is it?
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Nah, man, it ain't white boy day.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: (to Clarence)
dialog: Shit, man, you don't fucked up
dialog: again. Next time you Bogart your
text: way into a nigger's crib and get
dialog: all in his face, make sure you do
dialog: it on white boy day.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (hurting)
dialog: Wannabee Nigger...
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Fuck you! My mother was Apache!
text: Drexl kicks him again. Clarence curls up.
text: Drexl bends down and looks for Clarence's wallet in
text: his jacket.
text: Clarence still can't do much. The kick to his balls
text: still has him down.
text: Drexl finds the wallet and pulls it out. He flips it
text: open to the driver's license.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Well, well, well, looky what we
dialog: got here. Clarence Worley. Sounds
text: almost like a nigger name.
dialog: (to Clarence)
dialog: Hey, dummy.
text: He puts his foot on Clarence's chest.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE'S POV
text: as he looks up.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Before you brought your dumb ass
dialog: through the door, I didn't know
dialog: shit. I just chalked it up to
dialog: au revoir, Alabama. But because
dialog: you think you're some macho
dialog: motherfucker, I know who she's
dialog: with. You. I know who you are,
dialog: Clarence Worley. And I know where
dialog: you live, 4900 116th Street,
dialog: apartment 48. And I'll make a
dialog: million dollar bet Alabama's at
dialog: the same address. Marty, take the
dialog: car and go get ‘er. Bring her
dialog: dumb ass back here.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: He hands Marty the driver's license. Marty goes to get
text: the car keys and a jacket.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: (to Marty)
dialog: I'll keep lover boy here entertained.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: DREXL (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Clarence)
dialog: You know the first thing I think
dialog: I'll do when she gets here? I
dialog: think I'll make her suck my dick
dialog: and I'll come all in her face.
dialog: I mean it ain't nuttin' new. She's
dialog: done it before. But I want you as
text: an audience.
dialog: (hollering to Marty)
dialog: Marty, what the fuck are you
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: MARTY (0.S.)
text: I'm trying to find my jacket.
speaker_heading: DREXL
dialog: Look in the hamper. Linda's been
dialog: dumpin' everybody's stray clothes
dialog: there lately.
text: While Drexl has his attention turned to Marty,
text: Clarence reaches into his sock and pulls out the .38.
text: He sticks the barrel between Drexl's legs.
text: Drexl, who's standing over Clarence, looks down just in
text: time to see Clarence pull the trigger and BLOW his balls
text: to bits. Tiny spots of blood speckle Clarence's face.
text: Drexl shrieks in horror and pain and falls to the ground.
speaker_heading: MARTY (0.S.)
dialog: What's happening?
text: Marty steps into the room.
text: Clarence doesn't hesitate. He SHOOTS Marty four times in
text: the chest.
text: Two of the three hookers run out of the front door scream-
text: ing. The other hooker is curled up in the corner. She's
text: too stoned to run, but stoned enough to be terrified.
text: Drexl, still alive, is lying on the ground, howling,
text: holding what's left of his balls and dick.
text: Clarence points the gun at the remaining hooker.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Get a bag and put Alabama's things
dialog: in it!
text: She doesn't move.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You wanna get shot? I ain't got
dialog: all fuckin' day, so move it!
dialog: 40.
text: The hooker, tears of fear running her mascara, grabs a
text: suitcase from under the bed, and on her hands and knees,
text: pushes it along the floor to Clarence.
text: Clarence takes it by the handle and wobbles over to Drexl,
text: who's curled up like a pillbug.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - CLARENCE'S FORGOTTEN DRIVER'S LICENSE
text: in Marty's bloody hand.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Clarence puts his foot on Drexl's chest.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (to Drexl)
dialog: Open your eyes, laughing boy.
text: He doesn't. Clarence gives him a kick.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Open your eyes!
dialog: He does. It's now...
speaker_heading: DREXL'S POV
text: from the floor.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You thought it was pretty funny,
dialog: didn't you?
dialog: He FIRES.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: The bullet comes out of the gun and heads RIGHT TOWARDS us.
text: When it REACHES us, the screen goes AWASH IN RED.
scene_heading: INT. CLARENCE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The front door swings open and Clarence walks in. Alabama
text: jumps off the couch and runs toward Clarence, before she
text: reaches him he blurts out.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I killed him.
text: She stops short.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I've got some food in the car,
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: Clarence leaves. Except for the TV PLAYING, the room
text: is quiet. Alabama sits on the couch.
text: Clarance walks back into the room with a whole bounty of
text: take-out food. He heaps it onto the coffee table and
text: starts to chow down.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Help yourself. I got enough.
dialog: I am fuckin' starvin'. I think
dialog: I ordered one of everything.
text: He stops and looks at her.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I am so hungry.
text: He starts eating french fries and hamburgers.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (in a daze)
dialog: Was it him or you?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Yeah. But to be honest, I put
dialog: myself in that position. When I
dialog: drove up there I said to myself,
dialog: ‘If I can kill ‘em and get away with
dialog: it, I'll do it.' I could. So
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Is this a joke?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: No joke. This is probably the
dialog: best hamburger I've ever had. I'm
dialog: serious, I've never had a
dialog: hamburger taste this good.
text: Alabama starts to cry. Clarence continues eating, ignoring
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Come on, Bama, eat something.
dialog: You'll feel better.
text: She continues crying. He continues eating and ignoring her.
text: Finally, he spins on her yellling:
speaker_heading: CLEARANCE
dialog: Why are you crying? He's not worth
dialog: one of your tears.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you rather it been me? Do
dialog: you love him?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Do you love him?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Do you love him?
text: She looks at Clarence, having a hard time getting a
dialog: word out.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I think what you did was...
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I think what you did...
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I think what you did...
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: ++. waS so romantic.
text: Clarence is completely taken aback. They meet in a long
text: passionate lovers' kiss. Their kiss breaks and slowly the
text: world comes back to normal.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I gotta get outta these clothes.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I have your things right here.
text: He picks up the suitcase and drops it on the table in
text: front of them.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (comically)
dialog: Clean clothes. There is a God.
text: Clarence flips open the suitcase. Alabama and her
text: husband's jaws drop.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Clarence. Those aren't my clothes.
dialog: cut TO:
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF'S CAR - MOVING - MORNING
text: A big white Chevy Nova is driving down the road with a
text: sunrise sky as a backdrop. The song "Little Bitty Tear"
text: is heard acappella.
scene_heading: INT. CLIFF'S CAR - MOVING - MORNING
text: CLIFFORD WORLEY is driving his car home from work, singing
text: this song gently to the sunrise. He's a forty-five year
text: old ex-cop, present security guard. In between singing
text: he takes sips from a cup of take-out coffee. He's dressed
text: in a security guard uniform.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER PARK - MORNING
text: Cliff's Nova pulls in as he keeps crooning. He pulls up to
text: his trailer to see something that stops him short.
scene_heading: CLIFF'S POV (THROUGH WINDSHIELD) - TRAILER PARK
text: Clarence and Alabama are waiting for him in front of his
dialog: trailer.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ON CLIFF
text: Upon seeing Clarence, a little bitty tear rolls down
text: Cliff's cheek.
speaker_heading: BACK TO POV
text: Clarence and Alabama walk over to the car. Clarence
text: sticks his face through the driver's side window.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Good morning, Daddy, long time no see.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER HOME - MORNING
text: All three enter the trailer home.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Excuse the place, I haven't been
dialog: entertaining company as of late.
dialog: Sorry if I'm acting a little
dialog: dense, but you're the last person
dialog: in the world I expected to see
dialog: this morning.
text: Clarence and Alabama walk into the living room.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Yeah, well, that's okay, Daddy.
dialog: I tend to have that effect on
dialog: people. I'm dyin' of thirst,
dialog: you got anything to drink?
text: He moves past Cliff and heads straight for the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: I think there's a Seven-Up in
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (rummaging around
dialog: the fridge)
dialog: Anything stronger?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Oh, probaby not. Beer? You
dialog: can drink beer, can't you?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: I can, but I don't.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (closing the fridge)
dialog: That's about all I ever eat.
text: Cliff looks at the girl. She smiles sweetly at him.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: (to girl)
dialog: I'm sorry... I'm his father.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (sticks her hand out)
dialog: That's okay, I'm his wife.
text: (shaking his hand
dialog: vigorously)
dialog: Alabama Worley, please to meetcha.
text: She is really pumping his arm, just like a used car
dialog: salesman, however that's where the similarities end,
dialog: because she's totally sincere.
text: Clarence steps back into the living room, holding a bunch
text: of little ceramic fruit magnets in his hand. He throws
text: his other arm around Alabama.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Oh yeah, we got married.
dialog: (referring to magnets)
dialog: You still have these!
dialog: (to Alabama)
dialog: This isn't a complete set, when
dialog: I was five I swallowed the
dialog: pomegranate one. I never shit it
dialog: out, so I guess it's still there.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Loverdoll, why don't you be a sport
dialog: and go get us some beer. I want
dialog: some beer.
dialog: (to Cliff)
dialog: Do you want some beer? Well, if
dialog: you want some it's here.
text: He hands her some money and his car keys.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Go to the liquor store --
dialog: (to Cliff)
dialog: Where is there a liquor store
dialog: around here?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Uh, yeah.. there's a party store
dialog: down 54th.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (to Alabama)
dialog: Get a six-pack of something
dialog: imported. It's hard to tell you
dialog: what to get ‘cause different places
dialog: have different things. If they got
dialog: Fosters, get that, if not ask the
dialog: guy at the thing what the strongest
dialog: imported beer he has is. Look,
dialog: since you're making a beer run,
dialog: would you mind too terribly if you
dialog: did a food run as well. I'm
dialog: fuckin' starvin' to death. Are
dialog: you hungry too?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I'm pretty hungry. When I went
dialog: to the store I was gonna get
dialog: some Ding-Dongs.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well, fuck that shit, we'll get
dialog: some real food. What would
dialog: taste good?
dialog: (to Cliff)
dialog: What do you think would taste
dialog: good?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: I'm really not very --
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You know what would taste good?
dialog: Chicken. I haven't had chicken
dialog: in a while. Chicken would really
text: hit the spot about now.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Chicken and beer, definitely,
dialog: absolutely, without a doubt.
dialog: (to Cliff)
dialog: Where's a good chicken place
dialog: around here?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: I really don't know.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You don't know the chicken
dialog: places around where you live?
dialog: (to Alabama)
dialog: Ask the guy at the place where
text: a chicken place is.
text: He gives her some more money.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: This should cover it, Auggie-
dialog: Doggie.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Okee-dokee, Doggie-Daddy.
text: She opens the door and starts out. Clarence turns to his
text: dad as the door shuts.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Isn't she the sweetest God damned
dialog: girl you ever saw in your whole
dialog: life? Is she a four alarm fire,
dialog: or what?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: She seems very nice.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Daddy. Nice isn't the word.
dialog: Nice is an insult. She's a
dialog: peach. That's the only word
dialog: for it, she's a peach. You
dialog: can tell I'm in love with her?
dialog: You can tell by my face, can't
dialog: ya? It's a dead giveaway.
text: It's written all over it.
dialog: Ya know what? She loves me
dialog: back. Take a seat, Pop, I
dialog: gotta talk --
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Clarence, just shut up, you're
dialog: giving me a headache! I can't
dialog: believe how much like your mother
dialog: you are.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CLIFF (CONT'D)
dialog: You're your fucking mother through
dialog: and through. I haven't heard from
dialog: ya in three years. Then ya show
text: up all of a sudden at eight o'clock
dialog: in the morning. You walk in like a
dialog: Goddamn bulldozer... don't get me
dialog: wrong, I'm happy to see you...
dialog: just slow it down. Now, when did
dialog: you get married?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Daddy, I'm in big fuckin' trouble
dialog: and I really need your help.
scene_heading: INSERT - BLACK TITLE CARD - "HOLLYWOOD"
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE OF CASTING DIRECTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
text: FOUR YOUNG ACTORS are sitting on a couch with sides in
text: their hands silently mouthing their lines. One of the
text: actors is DICK RITCHIE. The casting director, MARY LOUISE
text: RAVENCROFT, steps into the waiting room, clipboard in hand.
speaker_heading: RAVENCROFT
dialog: Dick Ritchie?
text: Dick pops up from the pack.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I'm me... I mean that's me.
speaker_heading: RAVENCROFT
dialog: Step inside.
scene_heading: INT. CASTING DIRECTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
text: She sits behind a large desk. Her nameplate rests on
text: the desktop. Several posters advertising "The Return of
text: T.J. Hooker" hang on the wall.
text: Dick sits in a chair, holding his sides in his hands.
speaker_heading: RAVENCROFT
dialog: Well, the part you're reading for
dialog: is one of the bad guys. There's
dialog: Brian and Marty. Peter Breck's
text: already been cast as Brian.
dialog: And you're reading for the part of
dialog: Marty. Now in this scene you're
text: both in a car and Bill Shatner's
text: hanging on the hood. And what
dialog: you're trying to do is get him off.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: RAVENCROFT (CONT'D)
dialog: (picks up copy of
dialog: script)
dialog: Whenever you're ready.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: (reading and pantomiming
dialog: he's driving)
dialog: Where'd he come from?
speaker_heading: RAVENCROFT
dialog: (reading from the
dialog: script lifelessly)
dialog: I don't know. He just appeared
dialog: like magic.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: (reading from script)
dialog: Well, don't just sit there.
dialog: Shoot him.
text: She puts her script down, and smiles at him.
speaker_heading: RAVENCROFT
dialog: That was very good.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: RAVENCROFT
dialog: If we decided on making hima
dialog: New York type, could you do that?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Sure. No problem.
speaker_heading: RAVENCROFT
dialog: Could we try it now?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Absolutely.
text: Dick picks up the script and begins, but this time with
text: a Brooklyn accent.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Where'd he come from?
speaker_heading: RAVENCROFT
dialog: (monotone as before)
dialog: I don't know. He just appeared
dialog: like magic.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Well, don't just sit there,
dialog: shoot him.
text: Ravnecroft puts her script down.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: RAVENCROFT
dialog: Well, Mr. Ritchie, I'm impressed.
dialog: You're a very fine actor.
text: Dick smiles.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER HOME - DAY
text: Cliff's completely aghast. He just stares, unable to
text: come to grips with what Clarence has told him.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Look, I know this is pretty heavy
dialog: duty, so if you wanna explode,
dialog: feel free.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: You're always makin' jokes. That's
dialog: what you do, isn't it? Make jokes.
dialog: Makin' jokes is the one good thing
dialog: you're good at, isn't it? But
dialog: if you make a joke about this --
dialog: (raising his voice)
dialog: -- I'm gonna go completely out
dialog: of my fucking head!
text: Cliff pauses and collects himself.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: What do you want from me?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Stop acting like an infant. You're
dialog: here because you want me to help
dialog: you in some way. What do you
dialog: need from me? You need money?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Do you still have friends on
dialog: the force?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Yes, I still have friends on the
dialog: force.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Could you find out if they know
dialog: anything? I don't think they know
dialog: shit about us. But I don't wanna
dialog: ‘think,' I wanna 'know.' You could
dialog: find out for sure what's goin' on.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Daddy?
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: What makes you think I could
dialog: do that?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You were a cop.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: What makes you think I would
dialog: do that?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I'm your son.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: You've got it all worked out,
dialog: don't you?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Look, Goddamnit, I never asked you
dialog: for a Goddamn thing! I've tried
dialog: to make your parental obligation
dialog: as easy as possible. After Mom
dialog: divorced you did I ever ask you
dialog: for anything? When I wouldn't
dialog: see ya for six months to a year
dialog: at a time, did I ever get in your
dialog: shit about it? No! It was always:
dialog: ‘Okay,' 'No problem,' ‘You're a busy
dialog: guy, I understand.’ The whole time
dialog: you were a drunk, did I ever point
dialog: my finger at you and talk shit?
dialog: No! Everybody else did. I never
dialog: did. you see, I know that you're
dialog: just a bad parent. You're not
dialog: really very good at it. But I
dialog: know you love me. I'm basically
dialog: a pretty resourceful guy. If I
dialog: didn't really need it I wouldn't
dialog: ask. And if you say no, don't
dialog: worry about it. I'm gone. No
dialog: problem.
text: Alabama walks in through the door carrying a shopping bag.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
text: The forager's back.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Thank God. I could eat a horse
dialog: if you slap enough catsup on it.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I didn't get any chicken.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: How come?
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
text: It's nine o'clock in the morning.
dialog: Nothing's open.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER HOME - DAY
text: Clarence and Cliff stand by Clarence's 1965 red Mustang.
text: Alabama is amusing herself by doing cartwheels and
text: handstands in the background.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: They have nothing. In fact,
dialog: they think it's drug related.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Do tell. Why drug related?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Apparently Drexl had his big toe
dialog: stuck in shit like that.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: No shit?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Yeah, Drexl had an association with
dialog: a fella named Blue Lou Boyle. Name
dialog: mean anything to you?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: If you don't hang around his circle,
dialog: no reason it should.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Gangster. Drug dealer. Somebody
dialog: you don't want on your ass. Look,
dialog: Clarence, the more I hear about
dialog: this Drexl fucker, the more I
dialog: think you did the right thing. That
dialog: guy wasn't just some wild flake.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: That's what I've been tellin’ ya.
dialog: The guy was like a mad dog. So
dialog: the cops aren't looking for me?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Nah, until they hear something
dialog: better they'll assume Drexl and Blue
dialog: Lou had a falling out. So once you
dialog: leave town I wouldn't worry about it.
dialog: 52.
text: Clarence sticks his hand out to shake. Cliff takes it.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Thanks a lot, Daddy. You really
dialog: came through for me.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: I got some money I can give you --
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Keep it.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Well, son, I want you to know I
dialog: hope everything works out with you
dialog: and Alabama. I like her. I think
dialog: you make a cute couple.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: We do make a cute couple, don't we?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Yeah, well, just stay outta trouble.
dialog: Remember, you gotta wife to think
dialog: about now. Quit fuckin' around.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I love you, son.
text: They hug each other.
text: Clarence takes a piece of paper out and puts it into
text: Cliff's hand.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: This is Dick's number in Hollywood.
dialog: We don't know where we'll be, but
dialog: you can get a hold of me through him.
text: Clarence turns toward Alabama's direction and yells to her.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Bama, we're outta here. Kiss
text: pops goodbye.
text: Alabama runs across from where she was and throws her
text: arms around Cliff and gives him a big smackeroo on the
text: lips. Cliff's a little startled. Alabama's babbling
text: like a Fresca.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: ‘Bye, Daddy! Hope to see you
dialog: again real soon.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (mock anger)
dialog: What kind of daughterly smackeroo
dialog: was that?
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Oh, hush up.
text: The two get into the Mustang.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (to Cliff)
dialog: We'll send you a postcard as soon
dialog: as we get to Hollywood.
text: Clarence STARTS the ENGINE. The convertible roof opens
text: as they talk.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Bama, you take care of that one
dialog: for me. Keep him out of trouble.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Don't worry, Daddy, I'm keepin'
text: this fella on a short leash.
text: Clarence, slowly, starts driving away.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (to Cliff)
text: As the sun sets slowly in the
dialog: west we bid a fond farewell to all
dialog: the friends we've made... and with
dialog: a touch of melancholy we look
dialog: foreward to the time when we will
dialog: all be together again.
text: Clarence PEELS OUT, shooting a shower of gravel up in
dialog: the air.
text: As the Mustang disappears, Cliff runs his tongue over
text: his lips.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: The son of a bitch was right...
text: she does tase like a peach.
scene_heading: INT. DICK'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Dick's apartment is standard issue for a young actor.
text: Things are pretty neat and clean. A nice stereo unit
text: sits on the shelf. A framed picture of a ballet
text: dancer's feet hangs on the wall.
text: The PHONE RINGS. Dick answers.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Hi, Dick here.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE (LAS VEGAS) - SUNSET
text: Top floor, Las Vegas, Nevada hotel room with a huge
text: picture window overlooking the neon filled strip and the
text: flaiming red and orange sunset sky.
text: Clarence paces up and down with the telephone in his hand.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (big bopper voice)
dialog: Heeellllloooo0o baaaabbbbbbyyyyy!
text: INTERCUT both sides of the conversation.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: (unsure)
dialog: Clarence?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You got it.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: It's great to hear from you.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well, you're gonna be seein' me
dialog: shortly.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You comin' to L.A.? When?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: What's up? Why're ya leavin'
dialog: Detroit?
text: Clarence sits down on the hotel room bed. Alabama,
text: wearing only a long T-shirt that has a big picture of
text: Bullwinkle, crawls up behind him.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well, there's a story behind all
dialog: that. I'11l tell you when I see
dialog: you. By the way, I won't be
dialog: alone. I'm bringin' my wife
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Get the fuck outta here!
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I'm a married man.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Get the fuck outta here!
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Believe it or not, I actually
text: tricked a girl into falling in
dialog: love with me. I'm not quite sure
dialog: how I did it. I'd hate to have
dialog: to do it again. But I did it.
dialog: Wanna say hi to my better half?
text: Before Dick can respond, Clarence puts Alabama on the phone.
dialog: He starts
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Hi, Dick. I'm Alabama Worley.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Hello, Alabama.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I can't wait to meet you.
dialog: Clarence told me all about you.
dialog: He said you were his best friend.
dialog: So, I guess that makes you my
dialog: best friend too.
text: dictating to her what to say.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Tell him we gotta go.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Clarence says we gotta be
dialog: hittin' it.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Tell him we'll be hittin' his
dialog: area some time tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: He said don't go nowhere. We'll
dialog: be there sometime tomorrow.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Wait a minute --
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Tell him not to eat anything.
dialog: We're gonna scarf when we get
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Don't eat anything.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Alabama, could you tell Clar --
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Ask him if he got the letter.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Did you get the letter?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: What letter?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (to Clarence)
dialog: What letter?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: The letter I sent.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (to Dick)
dialog: The letter he sent.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Clarence sent a letter?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Has he gotten his mail today?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Gotten your mail yet?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Yeah, my roommate leaves it on
dialog: the TV.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (to Clarence)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Has he looked through it yet?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (to Dick)
dialog: Ya looked through it?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (to Clarence)
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Tell him to look through it.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (to Dick)
dialog: Get it.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Let me speak to Clarence.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (to Clarence)
dialog: He wants to speak with you.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: No time. Gotta go. Just tell him
dialog: to read the letter, the letter
dialog: explains all. Tell him I love
dialog: him. And tell him as of tomorrow,
text: all his money problems are over.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (to Dick)
dialog: He can't. We gotta go, but he
dialog: wants you to read the letter.
dialog: The letter explains all. He wants
dialog: you to know he loves you. And he
dialog: wants you to know that as of
dialog: tomorrow, all of your money
text: problems are over.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Money problems?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Now tell him good-bye.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: ‘Bye, ‘bye.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Now hang up.
text: She hangs up the phone.
scene_heading: INT. DICK'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Dick hears the CLICK on the other end.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Hello, hello. Clarence?
dialog: Clarence's wife?... I mean Alabama
dialog: --- hello?
text: Extremely confused, Dick hangs up the phone. He goes over
text: to the TV and picks up the day's mail. He goes through it.
speaker_heading: INSERT - BILLS
dialog: Southern California Gas Company.
dialog: Group W.
dialog: Fossenkemp Photography.
dialog: Columbia Record and Tape Club.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON LETTER
text: It's obviously from Clarence. Addressed to Dick.
text: Dick opens it.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER PARK - DAY
text: A lower, middle-class trailer park named "Astro World"
text: which has a neon sign in front of it in the shape of a
dialog: planet.
text: A big, white Chevy Nova pulls into the park. It parks by
text: a trailer that's slightly less kept up than the others.
text: Cliff gets out of the Chevy. He's drinking out of a fast
text: food soda cup as he opens the door to his trailer.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER - DAY
text: He steps inside his doorway and then, before he knows
text: it, a gun is pressed to his temple and a big hand grabs
text: his shoulder.
speaker_heading: GUN CARRIER
dialog: Welcome home, alchy. We're havin'
dialog: a party.
text: Cliff is roughly shoved into his living room. Waiting
text: for him are four standing men: FRANKIE (young wise
text: guy), LENNY (an old wise guy), TOOTH-PICK VIC (a fire-
dialog: plug pitbull type) and VIRGIL (the quiet one).
text: Sitting in Cliff's reclining chair is VINCENZO COCCOTTI,
dialog: the Frank Nitti to Detroit mob leader Blue Lou Boyle.
text: Cliff is knocked to his knees. He looks up and sees the
text: sitting Coccotti. Frankie and Lenny pick him up and
text: roughly drop him in a chair.
speaker_heading: CcoccoTrTi
dialog: (to Frankie)
dialog: Tell Tooth-Pic Vic to go outside
dialog: and do you-know-what.
text: Frankie tells Tooth-Pick Vic in Italian what Coccotti
text: said. He nods and exits.
text: Cliff's chair is moved closer to Coccotti's. Virgil
text: stands on one side of Cliff. Frankie and Lenny ransack
text: the trailer. Virgil has a bottle of Chivas Regal in
text: his hand, but he has yet to touch a drop.
speaker_heading: CoccoTtrTi
dialog: Do you know who I am, Mr. Worley?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: I give up. Who are you?
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CcoccoTtrTi
dialog: I'm the Anti-Christ. You get me
dialog: in a vendetta kind of mood, you
dialog: will tell the angels in Heaven
dialog: that you had never seen pure evil
dialog: so singularly personified as you
text: did in the face of the man who
dialog: killed you. My name is Vincenzo
dialog: Coccotti. I work as council for
dialog: Mr. Blue Lou Boyle, the man who
dialog: your son stole from. I hear you
dialog: were once a cop so I can assume
dialog: you've heard of us before. Am
dialog: I correct?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: I've heard of ‘Blue Lou Boyle.'
speaker_heading: CoccoTtrTi
dialog: I'm glad. Hopefully that will
dialog: clear up the how-full-of-shit-I-am
dialog: question you've been asking yourself.
dialog: Now, we're gonna have a little Q and A,
dialog: and at the risk of sounding redundant,
dialog: please make your answers genuine.
dialog: (taking out a pack
dialog: of Chesterfields)
dialog: Want a Chesterfield?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CcoccoTtrTi
dialog: (as he lights one up)
dialog: I have a son of my own. About your
dialog: boy's age. I can imagine how
dialog: painful this must be for you. But
dialog: Clarence and that bitch whore girl
dialog: friend of his brought this all on
dialog: themselves. And I implore you not
dialog: to go down the road with 'em. You
dialog: can always take comfort in the
dialog: fact that you never had a choice.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Look, I'd help ya if I could, but
dialog: I haven't seen Clarence --
text: Before Cliff can finish his sentence, Coccotti slams him
text: hard in the nose with his fist.
speaker_heading: coccoTtrTi
dialog: Smarts, don't it? Gettin' slammed
dialog: in the nose fucks you all up.
dialog: You got that pain shootin' through
dialog: your brain. Your eyes fill up
dialog: with water. It ain't any kind of fun.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: COCCOTTI (CONT'D)
dialog: But what I have to offer you,
dialog: that's as good as it's ever gonna
dialog: get, and it won't ever get that
dialog: good again. We talked to your
text: neighbors, they saw a Mustang,
text: a red Mustang, parked in front of
dialog: your trailer yesterday. Mr. Worley,
dialog: have you seen your son?
text: Cliff's defeated.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: I've seen him.
speaker_heading: CoccoTtrTi
dialog: Now I can't be sure of how much
dialog: of what he told you. So in the
dialog: chance you're in the dark about
dialog: some of this, let me shed some
dialog: light. That whore your boy hangs
text: around with, her pimp is an
dialog: associate of mine, and I don't
dialog: just mean pimpin', in other
dialog: affairs he works for me in a
dialog: courier capacity. Well, apparently,
dialog: that dirty little whore found out
dialog: when we were gonna do some
dialog: business, ‘cause your son, the
dialog: cowboy and his flame, came in the
dialog: room blastin' and didn't stop
dialog: ‘til they were pretty sure
dialog: everybody was dead.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: What are you talkin' about?
speaker_heading: CoccoTtrTi
dialog: I'm talkin' about a massacre.
dialog: They snatched my narcotics and
dialog: high-tailed it outta there. Wouldda
dialog: gotten away with it, but your son,
text: fuckhead that he is, left his driver's
text: license in a dead guy's hand. A
text: whore hiding in the commode filled
text: in all the blanks.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: I don't believe you.
speaker_heading: CcoccoTtrTi
dialog: That's of minor importance. But
dialog: what's of major fucking importance
dialog: is that I believe you. Where did
dialog: they go?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: On their honeymoon.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: coccoTrTi
dialog: I'm gettin' angry askin' the same
dialog: question a second time. Where did
dialog: they go?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: They didn't tell me.
text: Coccotti looks at him.,
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Now, wait a minute and listen. I
dialog: haven't seen Clarence in three
dialog: years, yesterday he shows up here
dialog: with a girl, sayin' he got married.
dialog: He told me he needed some quick
dialog: cash for a honeymoon, so he
dialog: asked if he could borrow five
dialog: hundred dollars. I wanted to
dialog: help him out so I wrote out a
dialog: check. We went to breakfast
dialog: and that's the last I saw of him.
dialog: So help me God. They never thought
dialog: to tell me where they were goin'.
dialog: And I never thought to ask.
text: Coccotti looks at him for a long moment. He then gives
text: Virgil a look. Virgil, quick as greased lightning, grabs
text: Cliff's hands and turns it palm up. He then whips out a
text: butterfly knife and slices Cliff's palm open and pours
text: Chivas Regal on the wound. Cliff screams.
text: Coccotti puffs on a Chesterfield.
text: Tooth-pick Vic returns to the trailer, and reports in
text: Italian that there's nothing in the car.
text: Virgil walks into the kitchen and gets a dishtowel. Cliff
text: holds his bleeding palm in agony. Virgil hands him the
text: dishtowel. Cliff uses it to wrap up his hand.
speaker_heading: coccoTrTi
dialog: Sicilians are great liars. The
dialog: best in the world. I'ma
dialog: Sicilian. And my old man was
dialog: the world heavyweight champion of
dialog: Sicilian liars. And from growin'
dialog: up with him I learned the pantomime.
dialog: Now there are seventeen different
dialog: things a guy can do when he lies to
text: give him away. A guy has seventeen
text: pantomimes. A woman's got twenty,
dialog: but a guy's got seventeen. And if
dialog: ya know ‘em like ya know your
dialog: own face, they beat lie detectors
dialog: all to hell. What we got here is
text: a little game of show and tell.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: COCCOTTI (CONT'D)
dialog: You don't wanna show me nothin’.
dialog: But you're tellin’ me everything.
dialog: Now I know you know where they
dialog: are. So tell me, before I do
dialog: some damage you won't walk away
dialog: from.
text: The awful pain in Cliff's hand is being replaced by the
text: awful pain in his heart. He looks deep into Coccotti's
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Could I have one of those
dialog: Chesterfields now?
speaker_heading: CoccoTtrTi
dialog: Sure.
text: Coccotti leans over and hands him a smoke.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Gotta match?
text: Cliff reaches into his pocket and pulls out a lighter.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Oh, don't bother. I got one.
dialog: (he lights the
dialog: cigarette)
dialog: So you're a Sicilian, huh?
speaker_heading: CoccoTtrTi
dialog: (intensely)
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: You know I read a lot. Especially
dialog: things that have to do with history.
dialog: I find that shit fascinating. In
dialog: fact, I don't know if you know
dialog: this or not, Sicilian's were spawned
dialog: by niggers.
text: All the men stop what they are doing and look at Cliff,
text: except for Tooth-pick Vic who doesn't speak English and
dialog: so, isn't insulted.
text: Coccotti can't believe what he's hearing.
speaker_heading: CoccoTtrTi
dialog: Come again?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: It's a fact. Sicilians have
text: nigger blood pumping through their
dialog: hearts.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CLIFF (CONT'D)
dialog: If you don't believe me look it
dialog: up. You see, hundreds and
dialog: hundreds of years ago the Moors
dialog: conquered Sicily. And Moors are
dialog: niggers. Way back then, Sicilians
dialog: were like the Wops in northern
text: Italy. Blond hair, blue eyes.
dialog: But, once the Moors moved in there,
dialog: they changed the whole country.
dialog: They did so much fuckin' with
dialog: the Sicilian women, they changed
dialog: the bloodline forever, from blond
dialog: hair and blue eyes to black hair
dialog: and dark skin. I find it
dialog: absolutely amazing to think that
dialog: to this day hundreds of years
dialog: later, Sicilians still carry that
dialog: nigger gene. I'm just quotin'
dialog: history. It's a fact. It's
dialog: written. Your ancestors were
dialog: niggers. Your great, great, great,
dialog: great grandmother was fucked by
dialog: a nigger, and had a half nigger
dialog: kid. That is a fact. Now tell
dialog: me, am I lyin'?
text: Coccotti looks at him for a moment then jumps up, whips
text: out an AUTOMATIC, grabs hold of Cliff's hair, puts the
text: barrel to his temple, and PUMPS three bullets through
text: Cliff's head.
text: He pushes the body violently aside.
text: Coccotti pauses. Unable to express his feelings and
text: frustrated by the blood on his hands, he simply drops his
text: weapon and turns to his men.
speaker_heading: CoccoTtrTi
dialog: I haven't killed anybody since
dialog: 1974. Goddamn his soul to burn
dialog: for eternity in fucking hell for
dialog: making me spill blood on my hands!
dialog: Go to this comedian's son's
dialog: apartment and come back with
dialog: something that tells me where that
dialog: asshole went so I can wipe this
dialog: egg off of my face and fix this
dialog: fucked up family for good.
text: Tooth-pick Vic taps Frankie's shoulder and, in Italian, asks
dialog: him "what was that all about?"
text: Lenny, who has been going through Cliff's refrigerator has
dialog: found a beer.
dialog: 64.
text: When he closes the refrigerator door he finds a note
text: being held on be a ceramic banana fruit magnet that says:
dialog: "Clarence in LA: Dick Ritchie (Number and address).
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Boss, get ready to get happy.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: "CLARENCE AND ALABAMA HIT L.A."
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: The red Mustang enters Los Angeles.
scene_heading: INT. DICK'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Dick's asleep in a reclining chair. He's wearing his
text: clothes from the night before. His roommate FLOYD is
text: lying on the sofa watching TV.
text: The sound of four hands KNOCKING on his door wakes Dick
text: up. He shakes the bats out of his belfry, and opens the
text: door, and finds the cutest couple in Los Angeles standing
text: in his doorway.
dialog: Clarence and Alabama immediately start singing "Hello My
dialog: Baby" like the frog in the old Chuck Jones cartoon.
scene_heading: CLARENCE AND ALABAMA
dialog: ‘Hello my baby,
dialog: Hello my honey,
dialog: Hello my ragtime gal --'
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Hi, guys.
text: Alabama throws her arms around Dick, and gives hima
text: quick kiss. After she breaks, Clarence does the same.
text: Clarence and Alabama walk right past Dick and into
dialog: his apartment.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Wow. Neat place. Let's get some
dialog: breakfast. Oh, Dick, this is
dialog: Alabama, Alabama, this is Dick.
scene_heading: INT. PINK'S HOT DOG STAND - DAY
text: The Pink's employees work like skilled Benihana chefs as
text: they assemble the ultimate masterpiece hot dog.
scene_heading: EXT. PINK'S HOT DOG STAND - PATIO - DAY
text: Clarence, Alabama, and Dick are sitting at an outdoor
text: table chowing down on chili dogs.
dialog: 65. ***
text: Alabama is in the middle of a story.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: «+. when my mom went into labor,
dialog: my dad panicked. He never had a
dialog: kid before, and crashed the car.
dialog: Now, picture this: their car's
text: demolished, a crowd is starting
dialog: to gather, my mom is yelling,
dialog: going into contractions, and
dialog: my dad, who was losing it before,
text: is now completely screaming yellow
text: zonkers. Then, out of nowhere, as
dialog: if from thin air, this big giant
text: bus appears, and the bus driver
dialog: said, 'Get her in here.' He
dialog: forgot all about his route and
dialog: just drove straight to the
dialog: hospital. So, because he was
dialog: such a nice guy, they wanted to
dialog: name the baby after him, as a
dialog: sign of gratitude. Well, his
dialog: name was Waldo, and no matter
dialog: how grateful they were, even if
dialog: I'da been a boy, they wouldn't
dialog: call me Waldo. So, they asked
dialog: Waldo where he was from. And,
dialog: so there you go.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: And here we are.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: That's a pretty amazing story.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well, she's a pretty amazing
dialog: girl. What are women like
dialog: out here?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Just like in Detroit, only
dialog: skinnier. Oh, guess what? I had
dialog: a really good reading for 'T.J.
dialog: Hooker' the other day.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: You're gonna be on 'T.J. Hooker'?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Knock wood.
text: He knocks the table and then looks at it.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: --. Formica. I did real well.
dialog: I think she liked me.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Did you meet Captain Kirk?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You don't meet him in the
dialog: audition. That comes later.
dialog: Hope, hope.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (finishing her
dialog: hot dog)
dialog: 66. ***
dialog: That was so good I'm gonna have
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You can't have just one.
text: Alabama leaves to get another hot dog.
text: takes his eyes off her.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Clarence never
dialog: How much of that letter was on
dialog: the up and up?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Every word of it.
text: Dick sees where Clarence's attention is.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You're really in love, aren't
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: you?
dialog: For the very first time in my life.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Do you know what that's like?
text: Clarence is so intense Dick doesn't know how to answer.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: (regretfully)
dialog: No I don't.
dialog: (looks at Alabama)
dialog: How'd you two meet?
text: Clarence leans back thoughtfully and takes a sip from his
dialog: Hebrew cream soda.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Do you remember the lyric?
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD HOLIDAY INN - DAY
text: We see the Hollywood Holiday Inn sign.
text: parking lot where Clarence's empty red
speaker_heading: PAN TO the
text: Mustang is parked.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD HOLIDAY INN - CLARENCE'S ROOM - CLOSEUP -
speaker_heading: DICK'S JAW - DAY
text: drops. His hand reaches 0.S.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - SUITCASE
dialog: The reason for all the jaw dropping... the suitcase is
text: full of cocaine! Dick's hand ENTERS FRAME and fondles a
dialog: bag.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Clarence smiles, holding a bottle of wine.
text: Alabama's watching the cable TV.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Holy Mary mother of God.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: This is great, we got cable.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (to Alabama)
dialog: Bama, you got your blade?
text: Keeping her eyes on the TV, she pulls out a Swiss Army
text: knife with a tiny dinosaur on it from her purse, and
text: tosses it to Clarence. Clarence takes off the corkscrew
text: and opens the wine.
text: In a couple of hotel plastic cups he pours some wine, a
text: big glass for Dick, a little one for himself. He hands
text: it to Dick. Dick takes it and drinks.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: This shit can't be real.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: It'll getcha high.
text: He tosses Dick the knife.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Do you want some wine, sweetheart?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Nope. I'm not really a wine gal.
text: Using the knife, Dick snorts some of the cocaine. He
text: jumps back.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: It's fuckin' real!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: DICK (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Clarence)
dialog: It's fuckin' real!
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I certainly hope so.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You've got a helluva lot of coke
dialog: there, man!
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Do you have any idea how much
dialog: fuckin' coke you got?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I don't know! A fuckin' lot!
text: He downs his wine. Clarence fills his glass.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: This is Drexl's coke!?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
text: Drexl's dead. This is Clarence's
dialog: coke and Clarence can do whatever
dialog: he wants with it. And what
dialog: Clarence wants to do is sell it.
dialog: Then me and Bama are gonna leave
text: on a jet plane and spend the rest
dialog: of our lives spendin'. So, you
dialog: got my letter, have you lined up
dialog: any buyers?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Look, Clarence, I'm not Joe
dialog: Cocaine.
text: Dick gulps half of his wine. Clarence fills it up.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: But you're an actor. I hear these
dialog: Hollywood guys have it delivered
text: to the set.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Yeah, they do. And maybe when I
dialog: start being a successful actor
dialog: I'll know those guys. But most
dialog: of the people I know are like me.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: DICK (CONT'D)
dialog: They ain't got a pot to piss in or
dialog: a window to throw it out of. Now,
dialog: if you want to sell a little bit
dialog: at at time --
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: No way! The whole enchilada in
dialog: one shot.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Do you have any idea how difficult
dialog: that's gonna be?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I'm offering a half a million
dialog: dollars worth of white for two
dialog: hundred thousand. How difficult
dialog: can that be?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: It's difficult because you're
dialog: sellin' it to a particular group.
dialog: Big shots. Fat cats. Guys who
dialog: can use that kind of quantity.
dialog: Guys that can afford two hundred
dialog: thousand. Basically, guys I don't
dialog: know. You don't know. And more
dialog: important, they don't know you.
dialog: I did talk with one guy who
dialog: could possibly help you.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Is he big league?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: He's nothing. He's in my acting
dialog: class. But he works as an
dialog: assistant to a very powerful movie
dialog: producer named Lee Donowitz. I
dialog: thought Donowitz could be
dialog: interested in a deal like this.
dialog: He could use it. He could afford
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What'dya tell ‘em?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Hardly anything. I wasn't sure
dialog: from your letter what was bullshit,
dialog: and what wasn't.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What's this acting class guy's
dialog: name?
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Elliot.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Elliot what?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Elliot Blitzer.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Okay, call ‘em up and arrange a
dialog: meeting, so we can get through
dialog: all the getting to know you stuff.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (to Alabama)
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: The zoo.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (to Dick)
dialog: The zoo.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What are you waiting for?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Would you just shut up a minute
dialog: and let me think?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What's to think about?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Shut up! First you come waltzing
dialog: into my life after two years.
dialog: You're married. You killed a guy.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Two guys.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Two guys. Now you want me to
dialog: help you with some big drug deal.
dialog: Fuck, Clarence, you killed
dialog: somebody and you're blowin' it
dialog: off like it don't mean shit.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Don't expect me to be all broken
text: up over poor Drexl.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 71. eee
speaker_heading: CLARENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I think he was a fuckin',
dialog: freeloadin', parasitic scumbag,
dialog: and he got exactly what he
dialog: deserved. I got no pity for a mad
dialog: dog like that. I think I should
dialog: get a merit badge or somethin’.
text: Dick rests his head in his hands.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Look, buddy, I realize I'm layin'
dialog: some pretty heavy shit on ya, but
dialog: I need you to rise to the occasion.
dialog: So, drink some more wine. Get
dialog: used to the idea, and get your
text: friend on the phone.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES ZOO - CLOSEUP - PANTHER - DAY
text: A black panther, the four-legged kind, paces back and
text: forth. PULL BACK. Dick, and ELLIOT BLITZER are walking
text: through the zoo. One look at Elliot and you can see
text: what type of actor he is, a real GQ, blow-dry boy. As
text: they walk and talk, Clarence is eating a box of animal
text: crackers and Alabama is blowing soap bubbles.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: So you guys got five hundred
dialog: thousand dollars worth of cola
dialog: that you're unloading --
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Want an animal cracker?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Yeah, okay.
text: He takes one.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Leave the gorillas.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: -- that you're unloading for two
dialog: hundred thousand dollars --
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Unloading? That's a helluva way
dialog: to describe the bargain of a
dialog: lifetime.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: (trying to chill
dialog: him out)
dialog: Clarence...
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Where did you get it?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I grow it on my windowsill. The
dialog: light's really great there and
dialog: I'm up high enough so you can't
text: see it from the street.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: (forcing a laugh)
dialog: Ha ha ha. No really, where does
dialog: it come from?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Coco leaves. You see, they take
text: the leaves and mash it down until
dialog: it's kind of a paste --
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: (turning to Dick)
dialog: Look, Dick, I don't --
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: No problem, Elliot. I'm just
dialog: fuckin' wit' ya, that's all.
dialog: Actually, I'1l tell you but you
dialog: gotta keep it quiet. Understand,
dialog: if Dick didn't insure me you're
dialog: good people, I'd just tell ya,
dialog: none of your fuckin' business.
dialog: But, as a sign of good faith,
dialog: here it goes. I gotta friend in
dialog: the department.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What department?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What do you think, eightball?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: The police department?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Duh. What else would I be talking
dialog: about? Now stop asking stupid
dialog: doorknob questions. Well, a year
dialog: and a half ago, this friend of
dialog: mine got access to the evidence
dialog: room for an hour. He snagged this
dialog: coke. But, he's a good cop with
text: a wife and a kid, so he sat on it
dialog: for a year and a half until he
dialog: found a guy he could trust.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: He trusts you?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: We were in 4-H together. We've
dialog: known each other since childhood.
dialog: So I'm handling the sales part.
dialog: He's my silent partner and he
dialog: knows, if I get fucked up, I won't
dialog: drop dime on him. He's kinda
dialog: paranoid. Now, no farther you
dialog: understand. I didn't tell you
dialog: nothin' and you didn't hear
dialog: nothin'.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Sure. I didn't hear anything.
text: Elliot is more than satisfied. Clarence makes a comical
text: face at Dick when Elliot's not looking. Dick is wearing
dialog: an "I don't believe this guy" expression. Alabama is
text: forever blowing bubbles.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES ZOO - SNACK BAR - DAY
dialog: We're in the snack bar area of the zoo. Alabama, Dick
text: and Elliot are sitting around a plastic outdoor table.
text: Clarence is pacing around the table as he talks.
text: Alabama is still blowing bubbles.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (to Elliot)
dialog: Do I look like a beautiful blonde
dialog: with big tits and an ass that
dialog: tastes like French vanilla ice
dialog: cream?
text: Elliot hasn't the faintest idea what this is supposed
dialog: to mean.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Do I look like a beautiful blonde
dialog: with big tits and an ass that
dialog: tastes like French vanilla ice
dialog: cream?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: (with conviction)
dialog: No. No, you don't.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Then why are you telling me all
dialog: this bullshit? Just so you can
dialog: fuck me?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: (trying to calm
dialog: him down)
dialog: Clarence...!
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (to Dick)
dialog: Let me handle this.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Get it straight. Lee isn't into
text: taking risks. He deals with a
dialog: couple of guys and he's been
dialog: dealing with them for years.
dialog: They're reliable. They're
dialog: dependable. And they're safe.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Riddle me this, Batman. If
dialog: you're all so much in love with
dialog: each other, what the fuck are you
dialog: doing here? I'm sure you got
dialog: better things to do with your time
dialog: than walk around in circles
dialog: staring up a panther's ass. Your
dialog: guy's interested because with
dialog: that much shit at his fingertips
dialog: he can play Joe fuckin' Hollywood
text: till the wheels come off. He can
dialog: sell it, he can snort it, he can
dialog: play Santa Claus with it. At the
dialog: price he's paying, he'll have the
dialog: freedom to be able to just throw
dialog: it around. He'll be everybody's
dialog: best friend. I'm not puttin’ him
dialog: down. Hey, let him run wild.
dialog: Have a ball, it's his money. But
dialog: don't expect me to hang around
dialog: forever waiting for you guys to
dialog: grow some guts.
text: Elliot has been silenced. He nods his head in agreement.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE (MULHOLLAND DRIVE) - MOVING - DAY
text: Movie producer, LEE DONOWITZ, is driving his Porsche
text: through the winding Hollywood Hills, just enjoying being
text: rich and powerful. His cellular car PHONE RINGS, he
dialog: answers.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hello.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Elliot, it's Sunday. Why am I
dialog: talking to you on Sunday? I don't
dialog: see enough of you during the week,
dialog: I gotta talk to you on Sunday?
dialog: Why is it, you always --
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES ZOO - SNACK BAR - DAY
text: Elliot is on the zoo pay phone. Clarence is next to
text: him. Dick is next to Clarence. Alabama is next to
text: Dick, blowing bubbles.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: I'm with that party you wanted
dialog: me to get together with. Do you
dialog: know what I'm talking about, Lee?
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - MOVING - DAY
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Why the hell are you calling my
dialog: phone to talk about that?
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES ZOO - SNACK BAR - DAY
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Well, he's here right now and he
dialog: insists on talking to you.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE (IN TUNNEL) - MOVING - DAY
text: In the tunnel Lee's VOICE ECHOES.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Are you out of your fucking mind?
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES ZOO - SNACK BAR - DAY
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: He said if I didn't get you on
dialog: the --
text: Clarence takes the receiver out of Elliot's hand.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello, Lee, it's Clarence. At
dialog: last we meet.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: EXT. DICK'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Virgil's knocking on Dick's door. FLOYD, Dick's
text: roommate, answers.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Hello, is Dick Ritchie here?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Naw, he ain't home right now.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Do you live here?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Yeah, I live here.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Sorta roommates?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Exactly roommates.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Maybe you can help me. Actually,
dialog: who I'm looking for is a friend
dialog: of ours from Detroit. Clarence
dialog: Worley? I heard he was in town.
dialog: Might be traveling with a pretty
dialog: girl named Alabama. Have you
dialog: seen him? Are they stayin' here?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Naw, they ain't staying here. But
dialog: I know who you're talking about.
dialog: They're staying at the Hollywood
dialog: Holiday Inn.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: How do you know? You been there?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: No, I ain't been there but I heard
text: him say it. Hollywood Holiday Inn.
dialog: Kinda easy to remember.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: You're right. It is.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES ZOO - SNACK BAR - DAY
text: Clarence is still on the phone with Lee.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Lee, the reason I'm talking with
dialog: you is I want to open Dr. Zhivago
dialog: in L.A. And I want you to
dialog: distribute it.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - MOVING - DAY
text: stopped in traffic on Sunset Boulevard.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I don't know, Clarence. Dr.
dialog: Zhivago's a pretty big movie.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES ZOO - SNACK BAR - DAY
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: The biggest. The biggest movie
dialog: you've ever dealt with, Lee.
dialog: We're talkin' a lot of film. A
dialog: man'd have ta be an idiot not to
dialog: be a little cautious about a
dialog: movie like that. And, Lee,
dialog: you're no idiot...
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - MOVING - DAY
text: Still stuck on Sunset Boulevard, traffic's moving
dialog: better now.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I'm not saying I'm not interested.
dialog: But being a distributor's not
dialog: what I'm all about. I'ma film
dialog: producer. I'm on this world to
dialog: make good movies. Nothing more.
dialog: Now, having my big toe dipped into
dialog: the distribution end helps me on
dialog: Many levels.
text: Traffic breaks and Lee speeds along. The b.g. whizzes
text: past him.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: But the bottom line is -- I'm not
dialog: Paramount. I have a select group
dialog: of distributors I deal with. I
dialog: buy their little movies.
dialog: Accomplish what I wanna accomplish.
dialog: End of story. Easy, businesslike,
dialog: very little risk.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES ZOO - SNACK BAR - DAY
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Now that's bullshit, Lee. Every
dialog: time you buy one of those little
dialog: movies, it's a risk. I'm not
dialog: selling you somethin' that's gonna
dialog: play two weeks, six weeks, then
dialog: go straight to cable. This is
dialog: Doctor Zhivago. This'll be
dialog: packin' ‘em in for a year and a
dialog: half. Two years! That's two
dialog: years you don't have to work
dialog: with anybody's movie but mine.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - MOVING - DAY
text: Porsche is now speeding down a beachside road.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Well then, what's the hurry? Is
dialog: it that the rights to Doctor
dialog: Zhivago are in arbitration?
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES ZOO - SNACK BAR - DAY
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I wanna be able to announce this
dialog: deal at Cannes. If I had time
dialog: for a courtship, Lee, I would.
dialog: I'd take ya out, I'd hold ya
dialog: hand, I'd kiss ya on the cheek at
dialog: the door. But I'm not in that
dialog: position. I need to know if we're
dialog: in bed together or not. If you
dialog: want my movie, Lee, you're just
dialog: gonna have to come to terms with
dialog: your fear and desire.
text: Pause. Clarence hands the phone to Elliot.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (to Elliot)
dialog: He wants to talk to you.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Mister Donowitz?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I told you, through Dick.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: He's in my acting class.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: About a year.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yeah, he's good.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (CONT'D)
dialog: (pause)
dialog: They grew up together.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Sure thing.
text: Elliot hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: He says Wednesday at three o'clock
dialog: at the Beverly Wilshire. He wants
dialog: everybody there.
dialog: (pointing at
dialog: Clarence)
dialog: He'll talk to you. If after
dialog: talkin' to you he's convinced
dialog: you're okay, he'll do business.
dialog: If not, he'll say, ‘Fuck it' and
text: walk out the door. He also wants
text: a sample bag.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: No problem on counts.
text: He offers Elliot the animal crackers.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Have a cookie.
text: Elliot takes one.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Thanks.
text: He puts it in his mouth.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: That wasn't a gorilla, was it?
scene_heading: EXT. HOLIDAY INN - DAY
text: The red Mustang with Clarence and Alabama pulls up to the
text: hotel. Alabama hops out, Clarence stays in.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: You did it, Quickdraw, I'm so
dialog: proud of you. You were like a
dialog: ninja. Did I do my part okay?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Babalouey, you were perfect, I
dialog: could hardly keep from busting
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I felt so stupid just blowing
dialog: those bubbles.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You were chillin', kind of creepy
dialog: even. You totally fucked with
dialog: his head. I'm gonna go grab
dialog: dinner.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I'm gonna hop in the tub and get
text: all wet, and slippery, and soapy.
dialog: Then I'm gonna lie in the waterbed,
dialog: not even bother to dry off, and
dialog: watch X-rated movies ‘til you get
dialog: your ass back to my lovin' arms.
text: They kiss.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: We now return you to Bullitt
text: already in progress.
text: He slams the MUSTANG in reverse and PEELS OUT of the
text: hotel. Alabama walks her little walk from the parking
text: lot to the pool area. Somebody WHISTLES at her, she
text: turns to them.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Thank you.
text: She gets to her door, takes out the key, and opens her
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD HOLIDAY INN - CLARENCE'S ROOM - DAY
text: She steps in only to find Virgil sitting in a chair
text: placed in front of the door with a sawed-off shotgun
text: aimed right at her.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: (calmly)
text: Step inside and shut the door.
text: She doesn't move, she's frozen. Virgil leans forward.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Lady, I'm gonna shoot you in the
dialog: face.
text: She does exactly as he says. Virgil rises, still aiming
text: the sawed-off.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
text: Step away from the door, more
text: into the room.
text: She does. He puts the shotgun down on the chair, then
text: steps closer to her.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Okay, Alabama, where's our coke,
dialog: where's Clarence, and when's he
text: coming back.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I think you got the wrong room,
dialog: my name is Sadie. I don't have
dialog: any Coke, but there's a Pepsi
dialog: machine downstairs. I don't know
dialog: any Clarence, but maybe my husband
dialog: does. You might have heard of him,
text: he plays football. Al Lylezado.
dialog: He'll be home any minute, you can
dialog: ask him.
text: Virgil can't help but smile.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: You're cute.
text: Virgil jumps up and does a mid-air kung fu kick which
text: catches Alabama square in the face lifting her off of
text: the ground and dropping her flat on her back.
scene_heading: INT. RED MUSTANG - MOVING - DAY
text: Clarence, in his car, driving to get something to eat,
text: singing to himself.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: ‘Land of stardust, land of glamour,
dialog: Vistavision and Cinerama,
dialog: everything about it is a must,
dialog: to get to Hollywood, or bust...’
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD HOLIDAY INN - CLARENCE'S ROOM - DAY
text: Alabama's lying flat. She actually blacked out for a
text: moment, but the salty taste of the blood in her mouth
text: woke her up. She opens her eyes and sees Virgil standing
text: there, smiling. She closes them, hoping it's a dream.
text: They open again to the same sight. She has never felt
text: more helpless in her life.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Hurts, don't it. You ain't hurt
dialog: that bad. Get on our feet,
dialog: Fruitloop.
text: Alabama wobbily complies.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Where's our coke? Where's
dialog: Clarence? And when's he comin'
dialog: back?
text: Alabama looks in Virgil's eyes and realizes that without
dialog: a doubt she's going to die, because this man is going to
dialog: kill her.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Go take a flying fuck at a rolling
dialog: donut.
text: Virgil doesn't waste a second. He gives her a side kick
text: straight to the stomach. The air is sucked out of her
text: lungs. She falls to her knees. She's on all fours
text: gasping for air that's just not there.
text: Virgil whips out a pack of Lucky Strikes. He lights one
text: up with a Zippo lighter. He takes a long, deep drag.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Whatsamatta? Can't breathe? Get
dialog: used to it.
scene_heading: INT. HAMBURGER STAND - DAY
text: Clarence walks through the door of some mom and pop
dialog: fast food restaurant.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Woah! Smells like hamburgers in
dialog: here! What's the biggest, fatest
dialog: hamburger you guys got?
text: The IRANIAN GUY at the counter says:
speaker_heading: IRANIAN GUY
dialog: That would be Steve's double
dialog: chili cheeseburger.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well I want two of them bad boys.
text: Two large orders of chili fries.
text: Two large diet Cokes.
dialog: (looking at menu
dialog: on wall)
dialog: And I'1l tell you what, why don't
dialog: you give me a combination burrito
dialog: as well.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD HOLIDAY INN - CLARENCE'S ROOM - DAY
text: Alabama is violently thrown into a corner of the room.
text: She braces herself against the walls. She is very
text: punchy. Virgil steps in front of her.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: You think your boyfriend would go
dialog: through this kind of shit for you?
dialog: Dream on, cunt. You're nothin'
dialog: but a fuckin' fool. And your
dialog: pretty face is gonna turn awful
dialog: goddamn ugly in about two seconds.
dialog: Now where's my fuckin' coke?!
text: She doesn't answer. He delivers a spinning roundhouse
text: kick, to the head. Her head slams into the left side
text: of the wall.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Where's Clarence?!
text: Nothing. He gives her another kick to the head. This
text: time from the other side. Her legs start to give way.
text: He catches her and throws her back. He slaps her
text: lightly in the face to revive her, she looks at him.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: When's Clarence getting back?
text: She can barely raise her arm, but she somehow manages,
text: and she gives him the middle finger. Virgil can't help
dialog: but smile.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: You gotta lot of heart, kid.
text: He gives her a spinning roundhouse kick to the head that
text: sends her to the floor.
scene_heading: INT. HAMBURGER STAND - CLOSEUP - BURGERS - DAY
text: SIZZLING on a GRIDDLE. Chili and cheese are put on
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Clarence is waiting for his order. He notices a CUSTOMER
text: reading a copy of Newsweek with Elvis on the cover.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: That's a great issue.
text: The Customer lowers his magazine a little bit.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Yeah, I subscribe. It's a pretty
dialog: decent one.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Have you read the story on Elvis.
speaker_heading: SUBSCRIBER (CUSTOMER)
dialog: No. Not yet.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You know, I saw it on the stands,
dialog: my first inclination was to buy
dialog: it. But, I look at the price and
dialog: say forget it. It's just gonna be
dialog: the same old shit. I ended up
dialog: breaking down and buying it a few
dialog: days later. Man, was I ever wrong.
speaker_heading: SUBSCRIBER
dialog: Liked it, huh?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: It's probably the single best
dialog: piece I've ever read about Elvis
dialog: in my life.
speaker_heading: SUBSCRIBER
dialog: That good, huh?
text: He takes the magazine from the Subscriber's hands and
text: starts flipping to the Elvis article.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: It tries to pin down what the
dialog: attraction is after all these
dialog: years. It covers the whole
dialog: spectrum of fans, the people
dialog: who love his music, the people
dialog: who grew up with him, the artists
dialog: he inspired; Bob Dylan, Bruce
dialog: Springsteen, and the fanatics,
dialog: like these guys. I don't know
dialog: about you, but they give me the
dialog: creeps.
speaker_heading: SUBSCRIBER
dialog: I can see what you mean.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
text: Like look at her. She looks like
text: she fell off of an ugly tree and
text: hit every branch on the way down.
dialog: Elvis wouldn't fuck her with Pat
text: Boone's dick.
text: Clarence and the Subscriber laugh.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD HOLIDAY INN - CLARENCE'S ROOM - DAY
text: Alabama's pretty beat-up. She has a fat lip and her face
text: is black and blue. She's crawling around on the floor.
text: Virgil is tearing the place apart looking for the cocaine.
text: He's also carrying on a running commentary.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Now the first guy you kill is
dialog: always the hardest. I don't care
dialog: if you're the Boston Strangler or
dialog: Wyatt Earp. You can bet that Texas
dialog: boy, Charles Whitman, the fella
dialog: who shot all them guys from that
dialog: tower, I'll bet you green money
dialog: that, that first little black dot
dialog: that he took a bead on, was the
dialog: bitch of the bunch. No foolin',
dialog: the first one's a tough row to
dialog: hoe. Now, the second one, while
dialog: it ain't no Mardigra, it ain't
dialog: half as tough as the first. You
dialog: still feel somethin’ but it's just
dialog: so diluted this time around. Then
dialog: you completely level off on the
dialog: third one. The third one is easy.
dialog: It's gotten to the point now
dialog: I'll do it just to watch their
dialog: expression change.
text: He's tearing the motel room up in general. Then he
text: flips the mattress up off the bed, and the black suitcase
dialog: is right there.
text: Alabama is crawling unnoticed to where her purse lay.
text: Virgil flips open the black case and almost goes
text: snowblind.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Well, well, well, looky here.
dialog: I guess I just reached journey's
dialog: end. Great. One less thing I
dialog: gotta worry about.
text: Virgil closes up the case. Alabama sifts through her
dialog: purse.
text: She pulls out her Swiss army knife, opens it up, Virgil
text: turns toward her.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Okay, Sugarpop, we've come to
dialog: what I like to call the moment
dialog: of truth --
text: Alabama slowly rises clutching the thrust out knife in
text: both hands. Mr. karate man smiles.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Kid, you gotta lot a heart.
text: He moves toward her.
text: Alabama's hands are shaking.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Tell you what I'm gonna do. I'm
dialog: gonna give you a free swing. Now,
dialog: I only do that for people I like.
text: He moves close.
text: Alabama's eyes study him. He grabs the front of his
text: shirt and rips it open. Buttons fly everywhere.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Go ahead, girl, take a stab at
dialog: it.
dialog: (giggling) ;
dialog: You don't have anything to lose.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - ALABAMA'S FACE
dialog: Virgil's right, she doesn't have anything to lose.
dialog: Virgil's also right about this being the moment of
text: truth. There is a ferocity in women that comes out at
text: certain times, and it's just there under the surface in
dialog: many women all of the time. The absolute feeling of
dialog: helplessness she felt only a moment ago has taken a one
dialog: hundred-eighty degree turn into "I'll take this mother-
dialog: fucker with me if it's the last thing I do" seething
dialog: hatred.
text: Letting out a blood-curdling yell, she raises the knife
text: high above her head, then drops to her knees and plunges
text: it deep into Virgil's right foot.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - VIRGIL'S FACE
text: Talk about blood curdling yells.
text: Alabama is kicked in the teeth with Virgil's left foot.
text: Virgil bends down and carefully pulls the knife from his
text: foot, tears running down his face.
text: While Virgil's bent down, Alabama SMASHES an Elvis
dialog: Presley whiskey DECANTER that Clarence bought her in
text: Oklahoma over his head. It's only made of plaster so
text: it doesn't kill him.
text: Virgil's moving toward Alabama, limping on his bad foot.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Okay, no more mister nice-guy.
text: Alabama picks up the hotel TV and tosses it to him. He
text: instinctively catches it, and with his arms full of
text: television, Alabama cold-cocks him with her fist in his
text: nose, breaking it.
dialog: 87.
text: Her eyes go straight to the door, then they go to the
text: sawed-off shotgun by the door. She runs to it, bends
text: over the chair for the gun. Virgil's left foot kicks
text: her in the back sending her flying over the chair and
text: smashing into the door.
text: Virgil furiously throws the chair out of the way and
text: stands over Alabama. Alabama's lying on the ground
text: laughing. Virgil has killed a lot of people, but not a
text: one of them has ever laughed before he did it.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: What's so funny?!!
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You look so ridiculous.
text: She laughs louder. Virgil's insane. He picks her off
text: the floor, then lifts her off the ground and throws her
text: through the GLASS SHOWER DOOR in the bathroom.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Laugh it up, cunt. You were in
dialog: hysterics a minute ago. Why ain't
dialog: you laughing now.
text: Alabama laying in the bathtub grabs a small bottle of
text: hotel shampoo and squeezes it out in her hand.
text: Virgil reaches in the shower and grabs hold of her
dialog: hair.
text: Alabama rubs the shampoo in his face. He lets go of her
text: and his hands go to his eyes.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Oh Jesus!
text: She grabs a hold of a hefty piece of broken glass and
text: plunges it into his face.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Oh Mary, help me!
text: The battered and bruised and bloody Alabama emerges from
text: the shower. She's clutching a big, bloody piece of
text: broken glass. She's vaguely reminiscent of the Tasmanian
text: Devil. Poor Virgil can't see very well, but he sees
text: the figure coming towards him. He lets out a wild
text: haymaker that catches her in the jaw and knocks her into
dialog: the toilet.
text: She recovers almost immediately and takes the porcelain
text: lid off of the back of the toilet tank.
dialog: 88.
text: Virgil whips out a .45 AUTOMATIC from his shoulder
text: holster, just as Alabama brings the lid down on his head.
text: He's pressed up against the wall with this toilet lid
text: hitting him. He can't get a good shot in this tight
text: environment, but he FIRES anyway, hitting the floor,
text: the wall, the toilet, and the sink.
text: The toilet LID finally SHATTERS against Virgil's head.
text: Virgil falls to the ground.
text: Alabama goes to the medicine cabinet and whips out a big
text: can of Final Net hairspray, pulls a Bic lighter out of
text: her pocket, and just as Virgil raises his gun at her, she
text: flicks the Bic and sends a stream of hairspray through
text: the flame, which results in a big ball of fire that hits
text: Virgil right in the face.
text: He FIRES off TWO SHOTS. One which hits the wall, another
text: that hits the sink pipe, sending water spraying.
text: Upon getting his face fried Virgil screams and jumps up,
text: knocking Alabama down, and runs out of the bathroom.
text: Virgil collapses onto the floor of the living room.
text: Then, he sees the sawed-off laying on the ground. He
text: crawls toward it.
text: Alabama, in the bathroom, sees where he's heading. She
text: picks up the .45 automatic and fires at him. It's empty.
text: She's on her feet and into the room.
text: He reaches the shotgun, his hands grasp it.
text: Alabama spots and picks up the bloody Swiss army knife.
text: She takes a knife-first-running-dive at Virgil's back.
text: She hits him.
text: He arches up, FIRING the SAWED-OFF into the ceiling,
text: dropping the gun, and sending a cloud of plaster and
text: stucco all over the room.
text: Alabama snatches the shotgun.
text: Arched over on his back Virgil's eyes make contact with
text: Alabama's eyes.
text: The FIRST BLAST hits him in the shoulder, almost tearing
text: his arm off. The SECOND hits him in the knee. The
text: THIRD plays hell with his chest.
text: Alabama then runs at him, hitting him in the head with
text: the butt of the shotgun.
text: Ever since she's been firing it's as if some other part
text: of her brain has been functioning independently. She's
text: been absent-mindedly saying the prayer of Saint Francis.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: ‘Lord make me an instrument of
dialog: they peace,
dialog: where there is hatred, let me
dialog: love,
dialog: where there is despair -- hope,
dialog: where there is darkness -- light,
dialog: where there is sadness -- joy,
dialog: oh, divine master, grant that I
dialog: May not seek to be consoled --
dialog: but to console,
dialog: that I may not seek to be
dialog: understood --
dialog: but to understand,
dialog: and it is in dying that we are
dialog: born to eternal life.'
text: Clarence, who's been hearing gunshots, bursts through the
text: door, gun drawn, only to see Alabama, hitting a dead guy
text: on the head, with a shotgun.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Honey?
text: She continues. He puts his gun away.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Sweetheart? Cops are gonna be
dialog: here any minute.
text: She continues. He takes the gun away from her, and she
text: falls to the ground. She lays on the floor trembling,
text: still continuing with the downward swings of her arms.
text: Clarence grabs the shotgun and the cocaine, and tosses
text: Alabama over his shoulder.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD HOLIDAY INN - DAY
text: Everybody is outside of their rooms watching as Clarence
text: walks through the pool area with his bundle. SIRENS can
text: be heard APPROACHING.
scene_heading: EXT. RED MUSTANG - MOVING - DAY
text: Clarence is driving like mad. Alabama's passed out in
text: the passenger seat. She's muttering to herself.
text: Clarence has one hand on the steering wheel and the
text: other stroking Alabama's hair.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Sleep, baby. Don't dream. Don't
dialog: worry. Just sleep. You deserve
dialog: better than this. I'm so sorry.
dialog: Sleep, my angel. Sleep peacefully.
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL 6 - NIGHT
text: A new motel. Clarence's red Mustang is parked outside.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL 6 - CLARENCE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Alabama, with a fat lip and a black and blue face, is
text: asleep in bed.
scene_heading: INT. NOWHERE - ?
text: Clarence is in a nondescript room speaking directly TO
text: CAMERA. He's in a HEADSHOT.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I feel so horrible about what
dialog: she went through. That fucker
dialog: really beat the shit out of her.
dialog: She never told him where I was.
dialog: It's like I always felt that the
dialog: way she felt about me was a
dialog: mistake. She couldn't really
dialog: care that much. I always felt in
dialog: the back of my mind, I don't know,
dialog: she was joking. But, to go
dialog: through that and remain loyal,
dialog: it's very easy to be enraptured
dialog: with words, but to remain loyal
dialog: when it's easier, even excusable,
dialog: not to -- that's a test of one's
dialog: self. That's true romance. I
dialog: swear to God, I'll cut off my
text: hands and gouge out my eyes before
dialog: I'll ever let anything happen to
dialog: that lady again.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD HILLS - NIGHT
text: A wonderful, gracefully flowing SHOT of the Hollywood
text: hills. Off in the distance we hear the ROAR of a CAR
speaker_heading: ENGINE.
scene_heading: EXT. MULHOLLAND DRIVE - NIGHT
text: VAAAARRROOOOOMMMMM !
text: bells, taking quick
text: ! A silver PORSCHE is driving hells
dialog: !
text: corners, pushing it to the edge.
scene_heading: INT. SILVER PORSCHE - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Elliot Blitzer is the driver standing on it.
dialog: 91.
text: A blonde, glitzy COKE WHORE is sitting next to him.
text: They're having a ball. Then they see a red and blue
text: light flashing in the rear-view mirror. It's the cops.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Fuck! I knew it! I knew it!
dialog: I fucking knew it! I should
dialog: have my head examined driving
dialog: like this!
dialog: (pulls over)
dialog: Kandi, you gotta help me.
speaker_heading: KANDI (COKE WHORE)
dialog: What can I do?
text: He pulls out the sample bag of cocaine that Clarence
dialog: gave him earlier.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You gotta hold this for me.
speaker_heading: KANDI
dialog: You must be high. Uh-uh. No way.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: (frantically)
dialog: Just put it in your purse!
speaker_heading: KANDI
dialog: I'm not gonna put that shit in
dialog: my purse.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: They won't search you, I promise.
dialog: You haven't done anything.
speaker_heading: KANDI
dialog: No way, Jose.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Please, they'll be here any
dialog: minute. Just put it in your bra.
speaker_heading: KANDI
dialog: I'm not wearing a bra.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Put it in your pants.
speaker_heading: KANDI
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You're the one who wanted to drive
dialog: fast.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: KANDI
dialog: Read my lips.
text: She mouths the word "no.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: After all I've done for you, you
dialog: fucking whore!!
text: She goes to slap him, she hits the bag of cocaine
text: instead, it rips open. Cocaine completely covers his
text: blue suit, at that moment Elliot turns to face a flash-
text: light beam. Tears fill his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY
text: Elliot is sitting in a chair at a table. Two young,
text: good-looking, casually-dressed Starsky and Hutch type
text: police detectives are questioning him. They're known
text: in the department as NICHOLSON and DIMES. The dark-
text: haired one is Cody Nicholson, and the blond is Nicky
dialog: Dimes.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: Look, sunshine, we found a sandwich
dialog: bag of uncut cocaine --
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Not a tiny little vial --
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: But a fuckin' Baggie.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Now don't sit there and feed us
dialog: some shit.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: You got caught. It's all fun and
dialog: fuckin' games till you get caught.
dialog: But now we gottcha. Okay, mister
dialog: Elliot actor, you've just made the
dialog: big time --
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: You're no longer an extra --
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: Or a bit player --
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Or a supporting actor --
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: You're a fuckin' star!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON (CONT'D)
dialog: And you're gonna be playin' your
dialog: little one man show nightly for
dialog: the next two fucking years for a
dialog: captive audience --
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: But there is a bright side though.
dialog: If you ever have to play a part of
text: a guy who gets fucked in his ass
text: on a daily basis by throat-slitting
dialog: niggers, you'll have so much
dialog: experience to draw on --
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: And just think, when you get out
dialog: in a few years, you'll meet some
dialog: girl, get married, and you'll be
dialog: so understanding to your wife's
dialog: needs, because you'll know what
dialog: it's like to be a woman --
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: ‘Course you'll wanna fuck her in
dialog: the ass. Pussy just won't feel
dialog: right anymore --
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: That is, of course, if you don't
dialog: catch A.I.D.S. from all your
text: anal intrusions.
text: Elliot starts crying. Nicholson and Dimes exchange
text: looks and smiles. Mission accomplished.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - CAPTAIN KRINKLE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: CAPTAIN BUFFORD KRINKLE is sitting behind his desk, where
dialog: he spends about seveny-five percent of his days. He's
dialog: your standard rough, gruff, no-nonsense, by-the-book type
dialog: police captain.
speaker_heading: KRINKLE
dialog: Nicolson! Dimes! Get in here!
text: The two casually-dressed, sneaker-wearing cops rush in.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON DIMES
dialog: Krinkle, this is it. We Krinkle, you're lookin'
dialog: got it, man. And it's all at the two future cops
dialog: ours. I mean talk about of the month. We have
dialog: fallin' into somethin’. it, and when I say we,
dialog: You shoulda seen it, it I don't mean me and him,
dialog: was beautiful. I'm referring to the
dialog: (MORE ) whole department.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON (CONT'D) DIMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Dimes is hittin' him from Haven't had a decent bust
dialog: the left about being fucked this whole month.
dialog: in the ass by niggers, I'm we mighta come in like a
dialog: hittin' him from the right lamb, but we're goin'
dialog: about not likin' pussy like a lion --
dialog: anymore, finally he just
dialog: starts cryin', and then it
dialog: was all over --
speaker_heading: KRINKLE
dialog: Both you idiots shut up, I can't
dialog: understand shit! Now, what's
dialog: happened, what's going on, and
dialog: what are you talkin' about?
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Okee dokee. It's like this,
text: Krinkle; a patrol car stops this
dialog: dork for speeding, they walk up
text: to the window and the guy's
text: covered in coke. So they bring
dialog: his ass in and me an' Nicholson
dialog: go to work on him --
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: Nicholson and I.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Nicholson and I go to work on
dialog: him. Now we know something's
dialog: rotten in Denmark, ‘cause this
dialog: dickhead had a big bag, and it's
dialog: uncut too, so we're sweatin'
dialog: him, tryin' to find out where
dialog: he got it. Scarin' the shit
dialog: outta him --
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: Which wasn't real hard, the guy
dialog: was a real squid.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: So we got this guy scared shitless
dialog: and he starts talkin'. And,
dialog: Krinkle, you ain't gonna fuckin'
dialog: believe it.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY
dialog: Detroit. Very fancy restaurant. Four wise guys,
text: FRANKIE, LENNY, DARIO and MARVIN, are seated at a table
dialog: with Mr. Coccotti.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CoccoTtrTi
dialog: -- And so, tomorrow morning comes,
dialog: and no Virgil. I check with Nick
dialog: Cardella, who Virgil was supposed
dialog: to leave my narcotics with, he
dialog: never shows. Now, children,
dialog: somebody is stickin' a red hot
dialog: poker up my asshole and what I
dialog: don't know is whose hand's on the
dialog: handle.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: You think Virgil started gettin'
dialog: big ideas?
speaker_heading: CoccoTtrTi
dialog: It's possible. Anybody can be
text: carried away with delussions of
dialog: grandure. But after that incident
dialog: in Ann Arbor, I trust Virgil.
speaker_heading: DARIO
dialog: What happen?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Virgil got picked up ina
dialog: warehouse shakedown. He got
dialog: five years, he served three.
speaker_heading: CoccoTtrTi
dialog: Anybody who clams up and does his
dialog: time, I don't care how I feel
dialog: about him personally, he's okay.
text: BACK TO KRINKLE
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: It seems a cop from some
dialog: department, we don't know where,
dialog: stole a half a million dollars
dialog: of coke from the property cage
dialog: and he's been sittin' on it for
dialog: a year and a half. Now the cops
dialog: got this weirdo --
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Suspect's words --
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: -- to front for him. So Elliot is
dialog: workin' out a deal between them
dialog: and his boss, a big movie
dialog: producer named Lee Donowitz.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: He produced 'Comin' Home in a
dialog: Body Bag.'
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: KRINKLE
dialog: That Vietnam movie?
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: KRINKLE
dialog: That was a good fuckin' movie.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Sure was.
speaker_heading: KRINKLE
dialog: Do you believe him?
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: I believe he believes him.
speaker_heading: DIMES
text: He's so spooked he'd turn over his
dialog: momma, his daddy, his two-panny
dialog: granny, and Anna and the King of
dialog: Siam if he had anything on him.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: This rabbit'll do anything not to
text: do time, including wearing a wire.
speaker_heading: KRINKLE
dialog: He'll wear a wire?
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: We talked him into it.
speaker_heading: KRINKLE
dialog: Dirty cops. We'll have to bring in
dialog: internal affairs on this.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: Look, we don't care if you bring in
dialog: the state militia, the volunteer
dialog: fire department, the L.A. Thunderbirds,
dialog: the ghost of Steve McQueen, and twelve
dialog: Roman gladiators, so long as we get
dialog: credit for the bust.
speaker_heading: DIMES
text: Cocaine. Dirty cops. Hollywood.
text: This is Crocket and Tubbs all the way.
dialog: And we found it so we want the fucking
dialog: collar.
dialog: BACK TO COCCOTTI
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: May be Virgil dropped it off at Cardella's.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: MARVIN (CONT'D)
text: Cardella turns Virgil's switch to
text: off, and Cardella decides to open
dialog: up his own fruit stand.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Excuse me, Mister Coccotti,
dialog: (to Marvin)
dialog: Do you know Nick Cardella?
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Then where the hell do you get
dialog: off talkin' that kind of talk --?
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: I didn't mean --
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Shut your mouth. Nick Cardella
dialog: was provin' what his word was
dialog: worth before you were in your
dialog: daddy's nutsack. What sun do
dialog: you walk under you can throw a
dialog: shadow on Nick Cardella? Nick
dialog: Cardella's a stand up guy.
speaker_heading: CcoccoTtrTi
dialog: Children, we're digressing.
dialog: Another possibility is that rat
dialog: fuck whore and her wack-a-doo
text: cowboy boyfriend out-aped Virgil.
dialog: Knowing Virgil, I find that hard
dialog: to believe. But they sent Drexl
dialog: to hell, and Drexl was no faggot.
dialog: So you see, children, I got a lot
dialog: of questions and no answers. Find
dialog: out who this wing and prayer
dialog: artist is and take him off at the
dialog: neck.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: "THE BIG DAY"
scene_heading: EXT. IMPERIAL HIGHWAY - SUNRISE
text: Clarence's red Mustang is parked on top of a hill just
dialog: off of Imperial Highway. As luck would have it, some-
text: body has abandoned a ratty old sofa on the side of the
text: road. Clarence and Alabama sit on the sofa, sharing a
text: Jumbo Java, and enjoying the sunrise and wonderful view
text: of the LAX Airport runways, where planes are taking off
text: and landing. A PLANE TAKES OFF, and they stop and watch.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Ya know, I used to fuckin' hate
dialog: airports.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: With a vengeance, I hated them.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I used to live by one back in
dialog: Dearborn. It's real frustrating
dialog: to be surrounded by airplanes
dialog: when you ain't got shit. I hated
dialog: where I was, but I couldn't do
dialog: anything about it. I didn't have
dialog: any money. It was tough enough
dialog: just tryin' to pay my rent every
dialog: month, and here I was livin' next
dialog: to a airport. Whenever I went
dialog: outside, I saw fuckin’ planes
dialog: takin' off. I'm tryin' to watch
dialog: TV, fuckin' planes takin' off
dialog: drownin' out my show. All day
dialog: long I'm seein', hearin' people
dialog: doin' what I wanted to do most,
dialog: but couldn't.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Leavin' Detroit. Goin' off on
dialog: vacations, startin' new lives,
dialog: business trips. Fun, fun, fun,
dialog: fun.
text: Another PLANE TAKES OFF.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: But knowin' me and you gonna be
dialog: nigger rich gives me a whole new
dialog: outlook. I love airports now.
dialog: Me 'n you can get on any one of
dialog: those planes out there, and go
dialog: anywhere we want.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: You ain't kiddin, we got lives to
dialog: start over. We should go
dialog: somewhere where we can really
dialog: start from scratch.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I been in America all my life.
dialog: I'm due for a change. I wanna
dialog: see what TV in other countries
dialog: are like. Besides, it's more
dialog: dramatic. Where should we fly
dialog: off to, my little turtle dove?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
speaker_heading: Cancun
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Why Cancun?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: It's got a nice ring to it. It
dialog: sounds like a movie, ‘Clarence
dialog: and Alabama go to Cancun’.
dialog: Doncha think?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: But in my movie, baby, you get top
dialog: billing.
text: They kiss.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Don't you worry ‘bout anything.
dialog: It's all gonna work out for us.
dialog: We deserve it.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: Everyone gets ready for the big day.
scene_heading: INT. DICK'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Dick, Clarence and Alabama are just getting ready to
text: leave for the drug deal. Floyd lies on the couch
text: watching TV. Alabama's wearing dark glasses to hide
text: some of the damage caused by Virgil.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (to Floyd)
dialog: You sure that's how you get to the
dialog: Beverly Wilshire?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: I've partied there twice. Yeah,
dialog: I'm sure.
dialog: She holds
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Yeah, well, if we get lost, it's
dialog: your ass.
dialog: (to Clarence)
dialog: Come on, Clarence, let's go.
dialog: Elliot's going to meet us in
dialog: the lobby.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I'm just making sure we got
dialog: everything.
dialog: (to Alabama)
dialog: You got yours?
text: up the suitcase. The PHONE RINGS. The three
text: pile out the door. Floyd answers the phone.
dialog: He starts
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (puts his hand
dialog: over the receiver)
dialog: Dick, it's for you. You here?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: No. I left.
text: to close the door, then opens it again.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I'll take it.
dialog: (takes the receiver)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Hi, Catherine, I was just walkin'
dialog: out the --
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Really?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I don't believe it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: She really said that?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'll be by first thing.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No. Thank you for sending me out.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ‘Bye-bye.
text: He hangs up and looks at Clarence.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: I got the part on 'T.J. Hooker.'
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: No shit? Dick, that's great!
dialog: 101.
text: Clarence and Alabama are jumping around. Floyd even
dialog: smiles.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: (still stunned)
dialog: They didn't even want a callback.
dialog: They just hired me like that. Me
dialog: and Peter Breck are the two
dialog: heavies. We start shooting
dialog: Monday. My call is for seven
text: o'clock in the morning.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Ah, Dick, let's talk about it in
dialog: the car. We can't be late.
text: Dick looks at Clarence. He doesn't want to go.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Clarence.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Um, nothing. Let's go.
text: They exit.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL/LAX - DAY
text: We see the airport and MOVE IN CLOSER on a hotel on the
dialog: landscape.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL/LAX - ROOM - DAY
text: Lenny can be seen putting a shotgun together. He is
text: sitting on a bed.
text: Toothpick Vic ENTERS the FRAME with his own shotgun. He
text: goes over to Lenny and gives him some shells.
text: Marvin walks THROUGH the FRAME cocking his own shotgun.
text: The bathroom door opens behind Lenny and Frankie walks
text: out twirling a couple of .45 automatics in his hands.
dialog: cut TO:
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - COPS' HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: A room at the Beverly Wilshire. Nicholson and Dimes and
text: four DETECTIVES from Internal Affairs are in a room on
text: the same floor as Donowitz. They have just put a wire
dialog: on Elliot.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: Okay, say something.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: (talking loud into
dialog: the wire)
dialog: Hello! Hello! Hello! How now
dialog: brown cow!
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Just talk regular.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: (normal tone)
dialog: ‘But soft. What light through
dialog: yonder window breaks? 'Tis the
dialog: East and yonder Juliet is the
dialog: sun. Oh, arise fair sun and kill
text: the envious moon that is sick and
dialog: pale with grief --'
speaker_heading: WURLITZER
dialog: (to the IA Officer at
dialog: the tape machine)
dialog: Are you getting this shit?
text: The IA Officer at the tape machine gives a thumbs up.
text: Nicholson, Dimes, and WURLITZER huddle by Elliot.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Now, remeber, we'll be monitoring
text: just down the hall.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: And if there's any sign of trouble
dialog: you'll come in.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: Like gangbusters. Now remember, if
dialog: you don't want to go to jail, we
dialog: gotta put your boss in jail.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: We have to show in court that,
dialog: without a doubt, a successful man,
dialog: an important figure in the
dialog: Hollywood community, is also
dialog: dealing cocaine.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: So you gotta get him to admit on
dialog: tape that he's buying this coke.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Hope you're a good actor, Elliot.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. RED MUSTANG - MOVING - DAY
text: Clarence, Dick and Alabama en route. Dick refers to
text: Alabama's beat-up face.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You got that playing basketball?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Yeah. I got elbowed right in the
dialog: eye. And if that wasn't enough,
dialog: I got hurled the ball when I'm not
dialog: looking. Wham! Right in my
dialog: face.
text: They stop at a red light. Clarence looks to Alabama.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Red light means love, baby.
text: Clarence and Alabama start kissing.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - MOVING - DAY
text: Marvin, Frankie, Lenny and Dario in a rented Caddy.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Clarence, Alabama and Dick get out of the Mustang. Dick
text: takes the suitcase.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I'll take that. Now remember,
dialog: both of you, let me do the
dialog: talking.
text: Clarence takes out a .45. Dick reacts. They walk and
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: What the fuck did you bring that
dialog: for?
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: In case.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: In case of what?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: In case they try to kill us. I
dialog: don't know. What do you want me
dialog: to say?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Look, Dillinger, Lee Donowitz is
dialog: not a pimp --
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I know that, Richard. I don't
dialog: think I'll need it. But something
dialog: this last week has taught me, it's
dialog: better to have a gun and not need
dialog: it than to need a gun and not have
dialog: it.
text: Pause. Clarence stops walking.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Hold it, guys. I don't know about
dialog: the rest of you, but I'm pretty
dialog: scared. What say we forget the
dialog: whole thing?
text: Dick and Alabama are both surprised and relieved.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Do you really mean it?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: No. I don't really mean it.
dialog: Well, I mean this is our last
dialog: chance to think about it. How
dialog: ‘bout you, 'Bama?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I thought it was what you wanted,
dialog: Clarence.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: It is what I want. But I don't
dialog: want to spend the next ten years
dialog: in jail. I don't want you guys
dialog: to go to jail. We don't know
dialog: what could be waiting for us up
dialog: there. It'll probably be just
dialog: what it's supposed to be. The
dialog: only thing that's waiting for us
dialog: is two hundred thousand dollars.
dialog: I'm just looking at the downside.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Now's a helluva time to play
dialog: ‘what if.'
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: This is our last chance to play
dialog: ‘what if.' I don't want to do
dialog: it. I'm just scared of getting
dialog: caught.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: It's been fun thinking about the
dialog: money, but I can walk away from
dialog: it, honey.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: That rhymes.
text: He kisses her.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Well, if we're not gonna do it,
dialog: let's just get in the car and
dialog: get the fuck outta here.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Yeah, let's just get outta here.
text: The three walk back to the car. Clarence gets behind
text: the wheel. The other two get in. Clarence hops back
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I'm sorry, guys. I gotta do it.
dialog: As petrified as I am, I just
dialog: can't walk away. I'm gonna be
dialog: kicking myself in the ass the
dialog: rest of my life if I don't go
dialog: in there. Lee Donowitz isn't a
dialog: gangster lookin' to skin us and
dialog: he's not a cop, he's a famous
dialog: movie producer lookin' to get
dialog: high. And I'm just the man who
dialog: can get him there. So what say
dialog: we throw caution to the wind and
dialog: let the chips fall where they
dialog: may.
text: Clarence grabs the suitcase and makes a beeline for the
text: hotel. Dick and Alabama exchange looks and follow.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LOBBY - DAY
text: Elliot's walking around the lobby. He's very nervous.
text: Clarence enters the lobby alone, carrying the suitcase.
dialog: 106.
text: He spots Elliot and goes in his direction. Elliot sees
text: Clarence approaching him. He says to himself quietly:
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Elliot, your motivation is to
dialog: stay out of jail.
text: Clarence walks up to Elliot, they shake hands.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Where's everybody else?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: They'll be along.
text: Alabama and Dick enter the lobby and join up with
dialog: Clarence and Elliot.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Hi, Dick.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - COPS' HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Nicholson, Dimes and the other detectives are surrounding
text: the tape machine. Coming from the machine is Elliot and
text: Clarence's conversation.
speaker_heading: DICK (V.O.)
dialog: How you doin', Elliot?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE (V.O.)
dialog: Well, I guess it's about that
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (V.O.)
dialog: I guess so. Follow me.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - ELEVATOR - DAY
text: The four of them are riding up in the elevator. As
dialog: luck would have it, they have the car to themselves.
text: Rinky dinky elevator MUZAK is playing. They are all
text: silent. Clarence breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Elliot.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Get on your knees.
text: Not sure he's heard him right.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What?
text: Clarence hits the stop button on the elevator panel
text: and whips out the .45.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I said, get on your fuckin'
dialog: knees!
text: Elliot does it immediately. Dick and Alabama react.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Shut up, both of you, I know what
dialog: I'm doin'!
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - COPS' HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Pandemonium.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: He knows.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: How the fuck could he know?
speaker_heading: DIMES
text: He saw the wire.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: How's he supposed to see the wire?
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: He knows something's up.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
text: He's bluffing. He can't know.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Clarence puts the .45 against Elliot's forehead.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You must think I'm pretty stupid,
dialog: don't you?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Don't you!?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: (petrified)
dialog: No.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Don't lie to me, motherfucker.
dialog: You apparently think I'm the
dialog: dumbest motherfucker in the world,
dialog: don't you?! Say: Clarence, you
dialog: are, without a doubt, the dumbest
dialog: motherfucker in the whole wide
dialog: world. Say it!
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - COPS' HOTEL ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: We gotta get him outta there.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: What'er we gonna do? He's in
text: an elevator.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - ELEVATOR - DAY
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Say it, goddamn it!
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You are the dumbest person in the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Apparently I'm not as dumb as you
dialog: thought I am.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: No. No, you're not.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: What's waiting for us up there?
dialog: Tell me or I'll pump two right in
dialog: your face.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - COPS' HOTEL ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: He's bluffing ya, Elliot. Can't
dialog: you see that? You're an actor,
dialog: remember the show must go on.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: This guy's gonna kill him.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - ELEVATOR - DAY
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Stand up.
dialog: 109.
text: Elliot does. The .45 is still pressed against his
dialog: forehead.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Like Nick Carter used to say: if
dialog: I'm wrong, I'll apologize. I want
dialog: you to tell us what's waitin' for
dialog: us. Up there. Something's amiss,
dialog: I can feel it. If anything out of
dialog: the ordinary goes down, believe
dialog: this, you're gonna be the first
dialog: one shot.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - COPS' HOTEL ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: He's bluffin'! I knew it. He
dialog: don't know shit.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Don't blow it, Elliot. He's
dialog: bluffin'. He just told you so
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: You're an actor, so act,
dialog: motherfucker!
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Elliot still hasn't answered.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Okay.
text: With the .45 up against Elliot's head, Clarence puts
text: his palm over the top of the gun to shield himself from
text: the splatter. Alabama and Dick can't believe what
dialog: he's gonna do.
text: Elliot, tears running down his face, starts talking
dialog: for the benefit of the people at the other end of the
text: wire. He sounds like a little boy.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I don't wanna be here. I wanna go
dialog: home. I wish somebody would just
dialog: come and get me ‘cause I don't
dialog: like this. This is not what I
dialog: thought it would be. And I wish
dialog: somebody would just come and take
dialog: me away. Just take me away. Come
dialog: and get me. ‘Cause I don't like
dialog: this anymore. I can't take this.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry but I just can't. So,
dialog: if somebody would just come to
dialog: my rescue, everything would be
dialog: alright.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - COPS' HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Nicholson and Dimes shake their heads. They have a
dialog: “well, that's that" expression on their faces.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Clarence puts down the gun and hugs Elliot.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Sorry, Elliot. Nothing personal.
dialog: I just hadda make sure you're
dialog: alright. I'm sure. I really
dialog: apologize for scaring you so bad
dialog: but, believe me, I'm just as scared
dialog: as you. Friends?
text: Elliot, in a state of shock, takes Clarence's hand.
text: Dick and Alabama are relieved.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - COPS' HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Nicholson and Dimes listen open-mouthed, not believing
dialog: what they're hearing.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. DICK'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Floyd is lying on the couch, watching TV. He hasn't
dialog: moved since we last saw him.
text: There is a KNOCK on the door.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: (not turning away
dialog: from the TV)
text: It's open.
text: The door flings open and the four wiseguys rapidly enter
text: the room. The door slams shut. All have their sawed-
text: offs drawn and pointed at Floyd.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Are you Dick Ritchie?
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Do you know a Clarence Worley?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Do you know where we can find him?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: He's at the Beverly Wilshire.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Where's that?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Well, you go down Beachwood...
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LEE'S ROOM - DAY
text: Clarence knocks on the door.
text: The door opens and reveals an extremely muscular guy
text: with an Uzi strapped to his shoulder standing in the
text: doorway. His name is MONTY.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Hi, Elliot. Are these your
dialog: friends?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You could say that. Everybody,
dialog: this is Monty.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: C'mon in. Lee's in the can.
dialog: He'll be out in a quick.
text: They all move into the room, it is very luxurious.
text: Another incredibly muscular guy, BORIS, is sitting on
text: the sofa. He, too, has an Uzi.
text: Monty begins patting everyone down.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Sorry, nothing personal.
text: He starts to search Clarence. Clarence backs away.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: No need to search me, daredevil.
dialog: All you'll find is a .45 caliber
dialog: automatic.
dialog: 112.
text: Boris gets up from the couch.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: What compelled you to bring that
dialog: along?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: The same thing that compelled you,
dialog: Beastmaster, to bring rapid-fire
text: weaponry to a business meeting.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: I'll take that.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You'll have to.
text: The TOILET FLUSHES in the bathroom. The door swings
text: open and Lee Donowitz emerges.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: They're here. Who's who?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Lee, this is my friend, Dick,
dialog: and these are his friends:
dialog: Clarence and Alabama.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: (pointing at
dialog: Clarence)
dialog: This guy's packing.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well, I have to admit, walkin'
dialog: through the door and seein' those
dialog: Soldier of Fortune poster boys
dialog: made me a bit nervous. But, Lee,
dialog: I'm fairly confident that you came
dialog: here to do business, not to be a
dialog: wiseguy. So, if you want, I'll
text: put my gun on the table.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I don't think that will be
dialog: necessary. Let's all have a seat.
dialog: Boris, why don't you be nice and
dialog: get coffee for everybody.
text: They all sit around a fancy glass table except for
text: Boris, who's getting the coffee, and Monty, who
text: stands behind Lee's chair.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Oh, Mr. Donowitz --
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Lee, Clarence. Please don't
dialog: insult me. Call me Lee.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Okay, sorry, Lee. I just wanna
dialog: tell you that Coming Home in a
dialog: Body Bag is one of my favorite
dialog: movies. After Apocalypse Now,
dialog: I think it's the best Vietnam
dialog: movie ever.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Thank you very much, Clarence.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You know, most movies that win a
dialog: lot of Oscars, I can't stand.
dialog: Sophie's Choice, Ordinary People,
dialog: Kramer vs. Kramer, Gandhi. All
dialog: that stuff is safe, geriatric,
dialog: coffee table, dog shit.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I hear you talking, Clarence. We
dialog: park our cars in the same garage.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Like that Merchant Ivory claptrap.
dialog: All those assholes make are
text: unwatchable movies from unreadable
dialog: books.
text: Boris starts placing clear glass coffee cups in front of
text: everybody and fills everyone's cup from a fancy coffee-
text: pot that he handles like an expert.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Clarence, there might be somebody
dialog: somewhere that agrees with you
dialog: more than I do, but I wouldn't
dialog: count on it.
text: Clarence is on a roll and he knows it.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: They aren't plays, they're not
dialog: books, they certainly ain't
dialog: movies, they're films. And do
dialog: you know what films are? They're
dialog: for people who don't like movies.
dialog: Mad Max, that's a movie. The
dialog: Good, the Bad and the Ugly,
dialog: that's a movie. Rio Bravo, that's
dialog: a movie. Rumblefish, that's a
dialog: fuckin' movie. And Coming Home
dialog: in a Body Bag, that's a movie.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: CLARENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: 114.
dialog: It was the first movie with balls
dialog: to win a lot of Oscars since
dialog: Deerhunter.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - COPS' HOTEL ROOM
dialog: They're all listening to this.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: What's this guy doin'? Makin'
speaker_heading: - DAY
dialog: a
dialog: drug deal or gettin' a job on the
dialog: New Yorker?
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LEE'S HOTEL ROOM
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: My Uncle Roger and Uncle Jerry,
speaker_heading: - DAY
dialog: both
dialog: of which were in 'Nam, saw Coming
text: Home in a Body Bag and thought
dialog: it was the most accurate Vietnam
dialog: film they'd ever seen.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: You know, Clarence, when a veteran
dialog: of that bullshit war says that,
dialog: it
dialog: makes the whole project worthwhile.
dialog: Clarence, my friend, and I call you
dialog: my friend because we have similar
dialog: interests, let's take a look at
dialog: what you have for me.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - COP'S HOTEL ROOM
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: Thank God.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LEE'S HOTEL ROOM
text: Clarence puts the suitcase on the table.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Lee, when you see this, you're
dialog: gonna shit.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LOBBY - DAY
text: The four wiseguys are at the desk.
speaker_heading: - DAY
speaker_heading: - DAY
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (quietly, to the
dialog: others)
dialog: What was that guy's name?
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: Donowitz.
speaker_heading: FRONT DESK GUY
dialog: How can I help you, gentlemen?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (as he stuffs a
dialog: hundred dollar bill
dialog: into his pocket)
dialog: Yeah, we're from Warner Brothers.
dialog: What room is Mr. Donowitz in?
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LEE'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Lee's looking over the cocaine and sampling it.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Now that's practically uncut. If
dialog: you desire, you could cut ita
dialog: helluva lot more.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Don't worry, I'll desire. Boris,
dialog: could I have some more coffee?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Me, too, Boris.
text: Boris fills both their cups. They both, calm as a lake,
text: take cream and sugar. All eyes are on them. Lee uses
text: light cream and sugar, he begins stirring his cup.
text: Clarence uses very heavy cream and sugar.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (stirring loudly)
dialog: You like a little coffee with
dialog: your cream and sugar?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I'm not saitsfied till the spoon
text: stands straight up.
text: Both are cool as cucumbers.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I have to hand it to you, this is
dialog: not nose garbage. This is
dialog: quality. Can Boris make anybody
dialog: a sandwich?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: I got all kinds of sandwich shit
dialog: from Canter's in there.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: No, thank you.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: No. But thanks.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: No thanks.
text: Lee continues looking at the merchandise. Alabama writes
text: something on her napkin with a pencil and slides the
text: napkin over to Clarence. It says: "You're so cool" with
text: a tiny heart drawn on the bottom of it. Clarence takes
text: a pencil and draws an arrow through the heart. She takes
text: the napkin and puts it in her pocket.
text: Lee looks up.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Okay, Clarence, the merchandise is
dialog: perfect. But, whenever I'm
dialog: offered a deal that's too good to
dialog: be true, it's because it's a lie.
dialog: Convince me you're on the level.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - COP'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: If he don't bite, we ain't got
dialog: shit except possession.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Convince him.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LEE'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well, Lee, it's like this. You're
dialog: getting the bargain of a lifetime
dialog: because I don't know what the fuck
dialog: I'm doing. You're used to dealin'
dialog: with professionals. I'm nota
dialog: professional. I'm a rank amateur.
dialog: I could take that and I could cut
dialog: it and I could sell it a little
dialog: bit at a time and make a helluva
dialog: lot more money. But, in order to
dialog: do that, I'd have to become a drug
dialog: dealer. I'm not a drug dealer.
dialog: And I don't want to be a drug
dialog: dealer.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Deal with cut-throat junkies,
dialog: killers; worry about gettin'
dialog: busted all the time. Just meeting
dialog: you here today scares the shit
dialog: outta me and you're not a junkie,
dialog: a killer or a cop, you're a
dialog: fucking movie producer. I like
dialog: you and I'm still scared. I'ma
text: punk kid who picked up a rock in
text: the street, only to find out it's
dialog: the Hope Diamond. It's worth a
dialog: million dollars, but I can't get
dialog: a million for it. But you can.
dialog: So I'll sell it to you for a
dialog: couple a' hundred thousand. You
dialog: go make a million. It's all
dialog: found money to me anyway. Me and
dialog: my wife are minimum wage kids,
dialog: two hundred thousand is the world.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Elliot tells me you're fronting
dialog: for a dirty cop.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Well, Elliot wasn't supposed to
dialog: tell you anything. He's nota
dialog: dirty cop, he's a good cop. He
dialog: just saw his chance and he took
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Why does he trust you?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: We grew up together.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: If you don't know shit, why does
dialog: he think you can sell it?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I bullshitted him.
text: Lee starts laughing.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: That's wild. This fuckin' guy's
dialog: a madman. I love it. Monty, go
dialog: in the other room and get the
dialog: money.
text: Clarence, Alabama and Dick exchange looks.
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - COPS' HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Nicholson makes a hole with his thumb and forefinger.
text: Dimes smiles and sticks his finger through the hole.
text: They are triumphant.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - ELEVATOR - DAY
text: The four wiseguys are coming up.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LEE'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (pointing to Alabama)
dialog: What's your part in this?
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: I'm his wife.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (veferring to Dick)
dialog: How ‘bout you?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I know Elliot.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: And Elliot knows me.
text: Monty brings in a briefcase with the money and puts it
text: on the table.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Wanna count your money?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Actually, they can count it. I'd
dialog: like to use the little boy's room.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - COP'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
dialog: They all stand.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Okay, boys, let's go get ‘em.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LEE'S HOTEL ROOM - BATHROOM
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: Clarence steps inside the bathroom and shuts the door.
text: As soon as it's shut, he starts doing the twist. He
text: can't believe he pulled it off. He goes to the toilet
text: and starts taking a piss.
dialog: 119.
text: He hears the RHYTHMIC SNAPPING of a FINGER. He turns
text: and sees the extreme closeup of Elvis' hand.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: Clarence, I gotta hand it to ya.
dialog: You were cooler than cool.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LEE'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
dialog: Everything's just as it was.
text: Suddenly, Nicholson, Dimes and the four Detectives
text: burst into the room, guns drawn.
scene_heading: NICHOLSON AND DIMES
dialog: Police! Freeze, you're all under
dialog: arrest.
text: Everybody at the table stands up. Boris and Monty
text: stand ready with their Uzis.
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: You two. Put the guns on the
text: floor and back away.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Fuck you! All you pigs put your
text: guns on the floor and back away.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Monty, what are you talking about?
dialog: Do what they say.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: This is your last warning! Drop
dialog: those fuckin' guns.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: This is your last warning! We
dialog: could kee all six of ya and ya
dialog: fuckin' know it! Now get on the
dialog: floor!
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: What the fuck am I doing here?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Boris! Everybody's gonna get
dialog: killed! They're cops!
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: So, they're cops. Who gives a
dialog: shit?
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: Lee, something I never told you
dialog: about me. I don't like cops.
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Okay, let's everybody calm down
dialog: and get nice. Nobody has to die.
dialog: We don't want it and you don't
dialog: want it.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: We don't want it.
text: The four wiseguys burst through the door, shotguns drawn
text: except for Frankie, who has two .45 automatics, one in
dialog: each hand.
text: Half the cops spin around.
speaker_heading: WURLITZER
dialog: Freeze!
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Who are you guys?
speaker_heading: WURLITZER
dialog: Police.
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: (to Lenny)
dialog: Do we get any extra if we have to
dialog: kill cops?
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LEE'S HOTEL ROOM - BATHROOM
speaker_heading: - DAY
dialog: Clarence and Elvis.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: How do you think I'm doin' with
dialog: Lee?
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: Are you kiddin'? He loves you.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: You don't think I'm kissin' his
dialog: ass, do you?
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: You're telling him what he wants
dialog: to hear, but that ain't the same
dialog: thing as kissin' his ass.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I'm not lyin' to him. I mean it.
dialog: I love Coming Home in a Body
dialog: Bag.
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: That's why it don't come across
dialog: as ass kissin', because it's
text: genuine and he can see that.
text: Elvis fixes Clarence's collar.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: I like ya, Clarence. Always have.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LEE'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
dialog: This is a Mexican standoff, if ever there was one.
text: Gangsters at one end, with shotguns. Bodyguards at
text: the other end, with machine guns. And cops in the
text: middle, with handguns.
text: Dick's ready to pass out.
text: Alabama's so scared she's peed on herself. She places
text: her hand on her stomach.
dialog: For Elliot, this has been the worst day of his life and
dialog: he's about had it.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Officer Dimes? Officer Dimes?
text: Dimes looks at Elliot.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: This has nothing to do with me
dialog: anymore. Can I just leave and
dialog: you guys just settle it by
dialog: yourselves?
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Elliot, shut the fuck up and stay
dialog: put!
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (to Elliot)
dialog: How did you know his name? How
dialog: the fuck did he know your name?
dialog: Why, you fuckin' little piece of
dialog: shit!
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Lee, understand, I didn't want
dialog: to --
speaker_heading: NICHOLSON
dialog: Shut the fuck up!
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Well, I hope you're not planning
dialog: on acting in the next twenty
dialog: years ‘cause your career is over,
dialog: as of now. You might as well burn
dialog: your SAG card! To think I treated
dialog: you as a son! And you stabbed me
dialog: in the heart!
text: Lee can't control his anger anymore. He grabs the
text: coffee pot off the table and flings hot coffee in
text: Elliot's face.
text: Elliot screams and falls to his knees.
text: Instinctively, Nicholson SHOOTS Lee twice.
text: Lee flops backwards over the couch and onto the floor.
text: Alabama screams.
text: Boris lets loose with the UZI, painting Nicholson red
text: with BULLETS.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Cody!!
text: Nicholson flies backwards.
text: Vic FIRES his SHOTGUN, hitting Nicholson in the back,
text: jerking Nicholson's body back and forth and then onto
dialog: the floor.
text: Clarence opens the bathroom door.
text: Dimes hits the ground FIRING.
text: A SHOT catches Clarence in the face.
text: Alabama screams.
text: Clarences staggers backwards into the bathroom and
text: falls onto the floor.
dialog: It might have been a stand-off before, but, once the
text: firing started, everybody's either hitting the ground
dialog: or running for cover.
text: Dimes, Alabama, Dick, Lenny, an IA officer and
text: Wurlitzer hit the ground.
text: Boris dives into the kitchen area.
text: Monty tips the table over.
text: Marvin dives behind a sofa.
dialog: 123.
text: Frankie runs out of the door and down the hall.
text: With BULLETS flying this way and that, some didn't have
text: time to do anything. Two IA officers were hit straight
dialog: away.
text: Vic takes an UZI HIT and goes down FIRING.
text: Elliot gets it from both sides.
text: Alabama is crawling across the floor like a soldier in
text: war, towards the bathroom.
text: Marvin brings his SAWED-OFF up from behind the sofa
text: and FIRES. The SHOTGUN BLAST hits the GLASS TABLE
text: and Monty. Monty stands up, screaming.
text: The cops on the ground LET LOOSE, hitting Monty.
text: As Monty goes down, his finger hits the trigger of
text: the UZI, SPRAYING FIRE all over the room.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - DAY
text: Cop cars start arriving in twos at the front of the
dialog: hotel.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LEE'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Alabama is still crawling toward Clarence.
text: The suitcase full of cocaine is beside Dick. Dick grabs
text: it and tosses it in the air. Marvin comes from behind
text: the sofa and FIRES. The suitcase is hit in mid-air
text: and white powder goes everywhere. The room is enveloped
dialog: in cocaine.
text: Dick takes this as his cue and makes a dash out of the
dialog: door.
text: An IA officer goes after him.
text: Lenny makes a break for it.
text: Wurlitzer goes after him, but is pinned down by Marvin.
text: Alabama reaches Clarence.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Sweety?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I... I can't see you... I've got
dialog: blood in my eyes...
text: She starts furiously trying to clear the blood out of
text: his face.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: Sweety... Sweety... don't you die
dialog: on me!
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Frankie runs down the hall, right into a cluster of
text: uniformed police.
text: He FIRES his .45s, hitting two just before the others
text: CHOP him to ribbons.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - ANOTHER HALLWAY - DAY
text: The hallway is empty but we hear FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING
text: fast. Dick comes around the corner, running as if on
text: fire. Then we see the IA Officer turn the same corner.
speaker_heading: IA OFFICER
dialog: (aiming gun
dialog: at Dick)
dialog: Freeze, asshole!
text: Dick screeches to a halt and raises his arms.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I'm unarmed!
speaker_heading: IA OFFICER
dialog: Put your hands on your head, you
dialog: sonofabitch!
text: He does. Then coming from 0.S., a SHOTGUN BLAST tears
text: into the IA Officer sending him into the wall.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Oh shit!
text: He starts running again and runs OUT OF the FRAME.
text: Then Lenny turns the corner and runs down the hall.
dialog: 125.
text: Dick runs into the elevator area. He hits the buttons.
text: He's trapped, it's like a box.
text: Lenny catches up. Dick raises his hands. Lenny aims
text: the sawed-off shotgun.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Look, I don' know who you are but
dialog: whatever it was that I did to you,
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: (looks up, tears
text: welling in his
dialog: eyes)
dialog: Oh, God, if you just get me outta
dialog: this, I swear to God I'll never
dialog: fuck up again. Please, just let
dialog: me get to 'T.J. Hooker' on Monday.
text: Two elevator doors on either side of them open up.
text: Lenny looks at Dick. He drops his aim and says:
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Lotsa luck!
text: Lenny dives into the elevator car. Dick jumps into
dialog: the other.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LEE'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Dimes and Wurlitzer call to Marvin behind the couch.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Okay, black jacket! It's two
text: against one now. Toss the gun
text: out and lie face down on the floor
dialog: or die like all your friends.
text: The shotgun is tossed out from behind the couch.
text: Boris has caught a lot of buckshot but he'll live.
text: He's sitting up against a wall.
text: Dimes and Wurlitzer have their guns drawn and aimed at
text: the couch. From where they are they can also see
text: Alabama and Clarence, although they don't seem to pose
text: as much of a threat right now as Marvin.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Now come out with your hands
dialog: raised!
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: (from behind
dialog: the couch)
dialog: No!
text: Dimes and Wurlitzer exchange glances and then look back
text: at the couch.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Why the fuck not!?
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: ‘Cause you're gonna shoot me!
speaker_heading: WURLITZER
dialog: Come out from behind the couch!
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Now!
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: I need an ambulance!
speaker_heading: WURLITZER
dialog: Shut the fuck up!
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: I need a fucking ambulance!
speaker_heading: WURLITZER
dialog: Would you --
text: Suddenly, Marvin jumps up from behind the couch with a
text: snub-nose REVOLVER. He BLASTS off THREE SHOTS.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: That dumb fuck!
text: Then Dimes notices the blood in Wurlitzer's stomach.
text: Wurlitzer drops his gun.
speaker_heading: WURLITZER
dialog: Oh damn. Looks like I took one.
text: Wurlitzer sits down in the shot-up couch.
speaker_heading: WURLITZER
dialog: Damn.
text: Dimes leans next to Wurlitzer.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: It's not that bad, it's not that
dialog: bad... I'll call for an ambulance.
text: But Wurlitzer is dead.
dialog: 127. ***
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Shit.
text: He looks around at the battle zone. The room is torn
text: apart. Nicholson's headless body is covered with
text: coke from the suitcase. Dead bodies are everywhere.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: I need an ambulance.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: Fuck you!
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: Fuck you! I'm bleeding here!
text: Dimes EMPTIES his CLIP into Boris until it's clear
dialog: Boris isn't going to be needing much of anything.
speaker_heading: DIMES
dialog: That was for Cody, you sack a
dialog: shit.
text: Then a BULLET cuts through Dimes' solar plexus. A shot
text: that came from behind. A shot that came from Alabama.
text: Dimes collapses to the ground.
text: Alabama is holding Clarence against her. He looks
text: practically unconscious. Alabama has that fire in her
text: eyes of a mother lion defending her young. All she
text: wants, and all she cares about is the man leaning
dialog: against her.
text: She drops the gun to the ground.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA
dialog: (tenderly to Clarence)
dialog: C'mon, sweety, we've got to get
dialog: out of here.
text: They start to hobble out, then Alabama sees something...
text: the suitcase full of money.
text: She looks around the carnage of the room, then down at
dialog: the suitcase.
text: And with Clarence under one arm and the suitcase
text: gripped tightly in the other, she walks out of the room.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - LOBBY - DAY
text: Lenny is holding a woman hostage with the shotgun held
text: to her head.
dialog: 128.
text: Fifteen COPS, all with their guns aimed at Lenny, are
text: trying to talk him out of it.
text: The lobby is a scene of total chaos.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: It doesn't have to be this way,
dialog: son!
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Fuck you! I'll blow this bitch's
dialog: brains to kingdom come!
speaker_heading: COP #2
dialog: Put the gun down!
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I said fuck you! I want a car
dialog: here, takin' me to the airport,
dialog: with a plane full o' gas... and
dialog: a million bucks!
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Small bills.
text: At another part of the lobby the elevator doors open
text: up. Clarence and Alabama hobble out.
text: Amid all the chaos nobody (miraculously) notices...
dialog: or cares to notice... Clarence and Alabama as they
text: slowly walk out.
text: Just before they're out of the building the police
text: OPEN FIRE on Lenny and yank the woman away from him.
text: People scream.
text: Alabama and Clarence slip out the door and into the
text: parking lot.
scene_heading: EXT. BEVERLY WILSHIRE - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: As they pass the police cars and firetrucks, amid all
text: the chaos, we hear Alabama's voice:
speaker_heading: ALABAMA (V.O.)
dialog: Sometimes I'm asked by Clarence
dialog: what I was thinking as we walked
text: a suitcase full of cash under the
text: noses of a hundred cops.
text: Alabama and the delirious Clarence get into the red
text: Mustang. With Alabama at the wheel they drive away.
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA (V.O.)
text: I smile and play coy with him and
dialog: have never yet told him what was
dialog: going through my mind.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. RED MUSTANG (CALIFORNIA COAST) - MOVING - DAY
text: Clarence is sleeping with his head in Alabama's lap.
text: His face is covered with bandages. She drives, pensively
text: thinking to herself.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA (V.O.)
dialog: Amid the chaos of that day, when
dialog: all I could hear was the thunder
dialog: of gunshots, and all I could smell
dialog: was the violence in the air, I
dialog: look back and am amazed that my
dialog: thoughts were so clear and true.
dialog: That three words went through my
text: mind endlessly. Repeating
text: themselves like a broken record.
text: They pass through the Tijuana border gate.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA (V.O.)
dialog: You're so cool. You're so cool.
dialog: You're so cool.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MEXICO BEACH - DAY
text: A little boy with nappy black hair and striking blue
text: eyes runs into his mother's arms. His mother is Alabama.
text: Next to her is Clarence, wearing an eyepatch. They pick
text: the little boy up and walk down the beach, their pants
text: rolled up, the water lapping at their feet, and the warm
text: wind blowing in their hair.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA (V.O.)
dialog: And sometimes Clarence asks me
dialog: what I would have done if he had
dialog: died. If that bullet had been
text: two inches more to the left. To
dialog: this I always smile as if I'm not
dialog: going to satisfy him with a
dialog: response. But I always do.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: ALABAMA (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I tell him of how I would want to
dialog: die, but that the anguish and
dialog: want of death would fade like the
dialog: stars at dawn. And that things
dialog: would be much as they are now.
dialog: Perhaps. Except, maybe, I wouldn't
dialog: have named our son... Elvis.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
