dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE COOLER
dialog: Written by
dialog: Frank Hannah &amp; Wayne Kramer
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. STYGIAN DARKNESS - NIGHT
speaker_heading: STYGIAN DARKNESS
text: The suggestion of traveling through space. Suddenly a star
text: sparkles to life in the distance. Gives rise to another...
text: and another... until we're looking at a whole galaxy of stars.
text: No, not stars. LIGHTS. NEON LIGHTS. A throbbing skyline of
text: neon. LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. As seen from a descending aerial
text: shot. We PLUNGE down into her shimmering embrace... DISSOLVING
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS STRIP - NIGHT
text: Cruising the Strip, taking in modern day Las Vegas. Sin City
text: gone theme park. Gigantic behemoths of pulsating neon: THE
scene_heading: MGM GRAND... EXCALIBUR... LUXOR... TREASURE ISLAND... passing
text: revamped faithfuls like CAESARS and THE DESERT INN...
text: ...then heading DOWNTOWN to Fremont Street, where "old school"
text: Vegas makes its last stand. BINION'S HORSESHOE, THE FOUR
text: QUEENS, THE LAS VEGAS CLUB arid...
scene_heading: THE SHANGRI-LA HOTEL AND CASINO
dialog: One thing's for sure. This place ain't no bastard child of
dialog: Epcott Center. At least, not yet. Sure there's some flash
text: going on, but it's more class than overkill.
text: This is where the pro's come to savor a time forgotten. A
dialog: joint where every dealer knows your name. Where part of the
text: allure is the smell of moldy paneling and the tactile whisper
dialog: of worn felt. Where "funny business" doesn't just get you
dialog: blacklisted... It gets you dead.
dialog: Lets us enter.
scene_heading: INT. SHANGRI-LA HOTEL AND CASINO - NIGHT
speaker_heading: CREDITS SEQUENCE
text: TRACKING through the casino floor; highlighting SLOT MACHINE
text: PAY-OFFS and pockets of rowdy players winning at BLACKJACK,
text: CRAPS and ROULETTE. It's just one of those nights. The tables
text: are on fire.
text: A FLOOR MANAGER nods as a hefty bet is paid out to a shooter
text: at a craps table: He checks out his watch, anxious for the
dialog: arrival of...
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: From behind a FIGURE in a suit. All we see is a murky
text: reflection in gold elevator doors. The floor numbers
dialog: descending rapidly...
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - NIGHT
scene_heading: STICKMEN, CROUPIERS, DEALERS
dialog: all anticipating the arrival of...
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: The elevator doors open... and we PAN DOWN to the figure's
text: feet. He steps out onto the casino floor... and right away
text: we notice he has a pronounced limp.
text: Following behind the figure. We haven't seen his features
dialog: yet... (and won't for a while.)
speaker_heading: TRACKING SERIES 
text: -- the figure (seen in soft focus) passes a ROULETTE TABLE,
text: the wheel already in mid-spin. His hand casually brushes the
text: side of the table... and we PAN ACROSS to the wheel -- just
text: in time to see the ball landing on 00. The players HOWL
text: defeat. The croupier rakes in all the losing checks with a
text: slight nod of respect to the passing wraith...
scene_heading: -- TRACKING PAST SOME BLACKJACK TABLES... RACKING from the
text: passing figure (still in soft focus) to a DEALER calling
dialog: out:
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: Insurance?
text: At the next table, ANOTHER DEALER pulls a six card 21. Off
text: the players' stunned reactions. No way! One of the players
text: instinctively glances behind him... but the figure has moved
text: on. The dealer stifles a grin, her eyes following the figure
text: as he heads toward...
text: -- A HOT CRAPS TABLE. The CROWD APPLAUDS as the shooter lands
text: a hard eight. The dice are fished back to the player. He
text: shakes them up with double ought bravado. We RACK from his
text: hand LARGE in the f.g. to our murky figure passing in the
text: background. The player throws... (we keep tracking with the
text: figure) as the stickman calls it: SEVEN OUT! to a thundering
text: chorus of disappointment.
text: -- Our figure passes by in the foreground, while in the
text: background, we see a growing line of shame at one of the ATM
speaker_heading: MACHINES.
text: -- Following behind our figure as he turns into a corridor
text: of SLOT MACHINES. CUT TO REVERSE ANGLE from the far end of
text: the corridor. As the murky figure approaches, a player in
text: the f.g. hits a jackpot.
text: Another player in mid-ground is also in the midst of a payout.
text: Suddenly -- with the approach of the figure -- both payouts
text: trickle to a stop.
scene_heading: PLAYER IN F.G.
dialog: (kicks the slot machine)
dialog: Don't you hold back, baby. Spit it
dialog: out, darlin'. C'mon... Hey! Hey,
dialog: this ain't right. S'posed to be eight
dialog: hundred dollars. Where's the goddamn
dialog: manager? Who's in charge of these
dialog: rip-off slots? Yo, ma'am... change
dialog: lady...
scene_heading: CASINO BAR FLOOR - BAR AREA - NIGHT
text: FOLLOWING BEHIND the figure as he turns out of the slot
text: corridor and heads over to the bar. He pours himself a cup
dialog: of coffee.
speaker_heading: FIGURE/BERNIE
dialog: Hey Doris, you got any cream?
text: DORIS THE BARTENDER wanders over with a small container. She
text: starts to pour... Empty. We quickly STEADICAM AROUND to reveal
text: BERNIE LOOTZ's features for the first time. His sad sack
text: eyes register scant surprise at the empty cream container.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Forget it.
text: He's just about to leave, when an attractive COCKTAIL WAITRESS
text: cruises up. NATALIE BELISARIO -- late 20's-mid-30's.
text: Everything about her sparkles, except her eyes.
text: They're post-mortem. She appears frazzled. Sifts through
dialog: some coin tips.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Shit.
dialog: (to Doris)
dialog: Dewars and a Diet Coke. Please.
text: A sheepish look comes over Bernie. He tries to catch her
text: eye. She doesn't even glance at him.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hi, Natalie.
text: She looks at him. Only the faintest hint of recognition.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hi. Uh...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Bernie.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Yeah, Bernie.
dialog: (to Doris)
dialog: Hey, you seen Shelly around? He
dialog: promised to position me at the tables
dialog: tonight. I've been on skid row all
dialog: week.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: (chilly)
dialog: You didn't settle me from last night.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No? You sure? Fuck... And I was way
dialog: under. It's been, like, an A.A.
dialog: convention the whole week. I'll make
dialog: up for it tonight. Promise.
text: Doris mutters something under her breath -- heard that one
text: before -- and dumps Natalie's drinks on her tray.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: If I see Shelly, I'll let him know.
dialog: That you're looking for him.
text: Natalie grabs up her tray. Doesn't even look at Bernie.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Thanks.
text: She takes off.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Bitch. That's the third time this
dialog: month...
dialog: (to Bernie)
dialog: Let me get you that cream.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (staring after Natalie)
dialog: Nah, it's okay.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Don't get sweet on that, Bernie. Not
dialog: unless you're looking to get short-
dialog: changed.
text: She raises the empty cream container for effect, turns it
text: over. A few drops dribble out.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Bernie limps away from the bar. We hear another spike of
text: sound from the gaming area. As he approaches, a FLOORMAN
text: stops him.
speaker_heading: FLOORMAN
dialog: Hey, Bernie, Shelly needs you on
dialog: eleven.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Uh... Let's do the Chivas Regal.
dialog: Have that... Natalie bring it over.
text: The one working nickel slots next to
dialog: the Paradise. I spoke to Shelly
text: earlier, he wants her at the tables.
text: The floorman nods, walks off. Bernie makes for the rowdy
text: gaming tables. Takes his time about it. His approach brings
text: an ill-wind to the area. The players appear to sense it.
text: It's in their reactions. A slight hesitation of the dice.
text: Fingers tensing over a pile of chips. A hand tugging at a
dialog: tie.
text: The Cooler has arrived.
text: As he reaches table eleven, Natalie intercepts him with a
text: short glass of Chivas Regal.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: This is you, right?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (takes it from her)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Joe said I should stick around. You
dialog: say something to Shelly?
text: Bernie just smiles at her.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Wow. That was fast. Hey, thanks.
text: She offers up a smile. It jump-starts those dormant eyes.
text: Her whole face comes alive. Notches her up from an eight to
text: a ten. Bernie immediately glances away. He's afraid what she
text: might read in his gaze.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Don't mention it.
text: Bernie gestures her over to table eleven. Immediately makes
text: the HIGH ROLLER in question. A good old boy named BULLDOG.
text: He's the one boasting loudly as he shakes the dice with one
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: BULLDOG
dialog: I'll make you a fortune on five and
dialog: nine. C'mon forty-five-sixty-three
dialog: fifty-four!
text: Bernie grabs the drink from Natalie's tray, intentionally
text: bumps Bulldog...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hey, buddy, is this your drink?
speaker_heading: BULLDOG
dialog: Back off, pal. I'm on a roll here.
text: Another man gladly accepts the drink. Meanwhile, Bulldog
text: sends the dice high up into the air. They drop perfectly on
text: the table. The stickman calls it.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Seven out!
speaker_heading: BULLDOG
dialog: Mother-fucker!
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Thank you for those bets, folks.
text: The croupiers hungrily devour the chips from the table.
text: Bernie moves on quietly before anyone notices.
text: But he's been noticed all right. By Natalie. Not quite sure
dialog: what she's just witnessed. Who is this guy?
text: We hear a VOICE over the intercom.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Conway, party of twelve, please check
dialog: your reservation at the Paradise
dialog: Lounge.
text: Bernie reacts immediately to the code words over the speaker.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Yeah, yeah, I'm comin'...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR CRAPS TABLE - MONTAGE - NIGHT
text: A -- a player makes a hard six at a craps table. The players
dialog: howl...
dialog: B -- from the same angle we PAN UP from losing dice to the
text: same guy. Bernie looming large in the background.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - BLACKJACK TABLES - NIGHT
text: A -- Bernie taking a seat at another blackjack table. Next
text: to him, a full table of players on a good run of cards.
text: B -- The same table with less players as the dealer appears
text: to be gaining an edge over the players. The only thing filling
text: up are ashtrays.
dialog: C -- Same again, with one player. This time with Natalie
text: watching in the background. Intrigued. QUICK JUMP CUTS show
text: the player's mountain of chips going down until there is
dialog: only one.
text: D -- The dealer taps the felt for the man to bet his last
text: chip. After a moment of indecision he flips the chip into
dialog: the air...
speaker_heading: BRIDGE CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHELLY'S OFFICE - OVERLOOKING THE CASINO FLOOR - NIGHT
text: ...the chip becoming an Alka-Seltzer dropping into a glass.
text: The glass is in SHELLY KAPLOW's hand. Director of Casino
dialog: Operations for the Shangri-la. Late 40's-early 50's.
text: Distinguished, slick, oozing charm. But lose the Cartier,
dialog: Armani and Paco Raban and you're looking at pure street.
text: He's watching Bernie through the two-way glass. Shakes his
text: head in admiration.
text: Suddenly the office door swings open. THREE MEN stride in.
text: Shelly projects immediate deference to NICKY "FINGERS"
dialog: BONNATTO. Mid-50's. Former Geovassi family underboss from
dialog: "back east." The guy's a relic from the days before MBAs
dialog: became the weapon of choice in the "family" business. He
text: wears his corporate makeover like a bad coat of paint with
text: traces of Mulberry Street primer showing through.
text: Nicky's accompanied by a pair of CORPORATE TYPES in Hugo
text: Boss threads. Shelly glances their way with a look that
text: suggests he's working himself into a full-on sphincter wind-
text: up. Bad news x2. Shelly's muscle, LOU stands off to one side
text: with an apologetic expression.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Nicky, how the hell are you? I didn't
dialog: know you were coming in...
text: Nicky reaches out to shake Shelly's hand. Gets nothing back,
text: then remembers.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Whassimater? You think I don't wash
dialog: up after goin' to the John? Forget
dialog: about it.
text: Nicky grabs Shelly, embraces him.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (uncomfortably)
dialog: You shoulda called ahead. I woulda
dialog: sent a car...
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Ehh. We thought we'd surprise you.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Well, anytime, Nicky. Anytime.
text: Shelly sizes up the corporate types.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Shelly, I want you to meet one of
dialog: our smartest VPs, Larry Sokolov. And
dialog: his numbers guy, Marty Goldfarb.
text: Shelly sees where this is going. Larry extends his hand...
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: How do you do, Shelly?
text: ...then catches himself. Quickly pulls it back. Shelly stares
text: him down for a tense beat.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: What can I get you boys to drink?
text: Off their uncomfortable expressions...
scene_heading: INT. SHELLY'S OFFICE - A SHORT WHILE LATER - NIGHT
text: Shelly seated across from Nicky, Larry and Marty.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: So... what brings you to town, Nicky?
text: Nicky looks cautiously across the table.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Look, Shelly, this is your joint,
dialog: you run it the way you see fit. But
dialog: we got a smart kid here and he's got
dialog: some good ideas on how to revitalize
dialog: the Shangri-la.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Revitalize? What are you talking
dialog: about? We did thirty-five million
dialog: last year.
text: Nicky shoots a look over at Larry and Marty. Larry takes
dialog: this as his cue.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: First off, Shelly, I want you to
dialog: know, I have nothing but respect for
dialog: you. You've done a fantastic job
dialog: with the Shangri-la for the last
dialog: sixteen years. No one would dispute
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Yeah, no one doubts that, Shelly.
text: Shelly nods carefully. But...
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: But, the business has changed out
dialog: here. You just have to take a look
dialog: at the Strip to see what I'm talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: You mean, that amusement park mook
dialog: fest out there? You know what that
dialog: is? That's a fucking violation of
dialog: something that used to be beautiful.
dialog: That used to have class. Like a
dialog: gorgeous high priced hooker with an
dialog: exclusive clientele. And then that
text: Steve Wynn cocksucker knocks her up
text: and puts her in a family way.
text: Nicky and Larry exchange looks. Marty drops his gaze into
text: his lap.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
text: Now she's nothing but a cheap, fat
text: whore hiding behind too much makeup.
text: I look at her and see all those ugly
dialog: stretch marks and I want to cry.
dialog: 'Cause I remember her as she was.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Yes, well... there's no denying the
text: bottom line. Those eyesores are raking
dialog: it in. And we can't compete against
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: What? You think I'm trying to compete
dialog: with that? You think this joint's
dialog: about bringing in the stroller crowd?
dialog: Fresh off some fucking E-ticket ride,
dialog: looking to break the house on red
dialog: and black. Fremont's never been about
dialog: that bullshit. This is where old
text: time and real money comes to play.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: The numbers, they don't back you up,
dialog: Shelly. Nostalgia's grand. We all
dialog: love nostalgia -- but it belongs in
dialog: a museum. I think it's time to decide
dialog: whether you're running a museum or a
dialog: casino.
text: Shelly is close to losing it. He catches himself, takes a
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Hey, forget about it. We'll talk
text: later. Over dinner.
speaker_heading: MARTY
text: (rubs his hands
dialog: together)
dialog: So, how's the action?
text: Larry shoots him a disapproving look. Off Shelly's disturbed
text: expression. He's already calculating serious damage control.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Bernie makes his way across the casino floor, when he's
text: intercepted by Shelly.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Bernie. Mr. Cool. Got a moment?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I was just heading over to --
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: It can wait.
text: Shelly escorts Bernie over to a nearby bar area. The BARTENDER
text: zips over with some drinks.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: How's the knee?
text: Bernie shrugs. Natalie steps up to the bar a few feet away.
text: Puts in a drink order. She catches Bernie's eye. Nods.
text: Bernie smiles.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: I was speaking to this orthopedic
text: surgeon over at Vegas Memorial. He
dialog: tells me they can replace a man's
text: entire kneecap with titanium. It's
dialog: the kinda thing that costs a shitload,
dialog: but since the man's into us for five
dialog: hundred large, I'm sure we could --
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (stealing glances at
dialog: Natalie)
dialog: I told you, I'm not gonna be around
dialog: after Sunday.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Where you gonna go, Bernie? Where
dialog: the fuck are you gonna go that's
dialog: better'n here? I got you covered in
dialog: this town. People, they know you
dialog: work for me, that's currency in your
dialog: pocket. That's fuckin' respect when
dialog: you walk the floor. Where you gonna
dialog: get that anyplace else?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Seven days, Shelly. Seven days and
dialog: I'm out from under.
text: A beautiful WOMAN in a low cut dress, sashays her way past
text: them, heading for a high rollers craps table. Shelly reaches
text: out, napkin in hand, grabs her arm. Hands her his card. She
text: snatches it, looks it over. Immediately loses all attitude.
dialog: Oh shit.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: That's right. I like to know who's
dialog: shopping it in my neighborhood. You
dialog: wanna keep working the Shangri-la,
dialog: you come see me tomorrow morning in
dialog: my office. We'll go over the rules
dialog: together. And before you come, you
dialog: bring me a clean bill of health. OK?
text: The hooker just nods.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: All right, get outta here.
text: She takes off. At the same time Natalie leaves with her drink
text: order. They walk in the same direction. Shelly mistakes
text: Bernie's wandering look for interest in the hooker.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: You want that, Bernie? She's yours.
dialog: Anytime. I'll keep a tab running for
dialog: you.
dialog: (Bernie shakes his
dialog: head)
dialog: What's a matter? Not your type?
text: Bernie just stares after Natalie, Shelly finally picking up
text: on it.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
text: Things are getting hot on fourteen.
dialog: I gotta go.
text: He limps off. Shelly stares after him. A predator seizing up
text: his prey. Calculating.
scene_heading: EXT. LUCKY STAR MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Bernie's 1958 Buick Electra pulls into the parking lot of a
text: flea-bag motel. Next door to the motel, we see a convenience
text: store with the name, THE EZ MARK in pink glowing neon. It's
text: actually supposed to read: The EZ MARKET, but the last two
text: letters of "Market" have burned out.
scene_heading: INT. LUCKY STAR MOTEL - COURTYARD - NIGHT
dialog: One of those center pool style motels. A hard luck oasis, if
dialog: ever there was one.
text: As Bernie limps toward his room, his neighbor, a low rent
text: HOOKER, approaches from the opposite end of the courtyard
text: with a huge-ass JOHN in tow.
text: They converge at their doors at the same time. There's a
dialog: weariness about the hooker that's endemic to this town. She
text: winks at Bernie. He nods at her. Then casts a furtive glance
text: over at the John. The man flips him off. The hooker mouths,
text: "Sorry." Bernie hastily enters his apartment.
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bernie flips on the light. A dim overhead bulb hardly makes
text: a dent in the gloomy surroundings. Typical drab motel
dialog: furnishings.
text: We notice a couple of dead plants on the radiator next to
text: the window. A single place setting on the counter. Something
text: odd: an empty cat food bowl on the kitchenette floor. No
text: sign of a cat. Go figure.
text: Bernie heads over to the dresser. A half-filled bottle of
text: gin rests next to a lone glass with a crack down the side.
text: He pours himself a shot. Turns on the TV. A religious channel.
dialog: Shitty reception.
speaker_heading: ON SCREEN:
text: an Appalachian Pentecostal service. The members of the
text: congregation taking up snakes and writhing around in religious
text: hysteria, while a number at the bottom of the screen solicits
dialog: viewer donations.
text: Bernie doesn't even try to change the channel. He takes a
text: seat on his bed, props himself up against a pair of pillows,
text: stretches out.
text: From next door, the sounds of wild humping.
speaker_heading: HOOKER (O.S.)
dialog: ...Oh yeah, baby, give it to me. Oh
dialog: yeah, that's the spot... Do it to me
dialog: harder, you big stud... Oooooh...
text: Bernie closes his eyes, tries to ignore the X-rated soundtrack
text: coming at him through the carpaccio thin walls.
text: The hooker's moans are starting to get to him. He raises his
text: fist to the wall, then stops himself. He's just not the
dialog: confrontational type.
text: Instead, he heads over to the TV, cranks the volume up. The
text: hysterical moaning from the snake ritual now blends in with
text: the grunting and groaning from next door, making for a bizarre
dialog: remix that could only exist in the world of Bernie Lootz.
text: Bernie emits a deep sigh, closes his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - CRAPS TABLES - NIGHT
text: Big action at the craps tables tonight. The players cheer as
text: MR. PINKERTON makes another pass. He exudes USED CAR SALESMAN.
text: Natalie arrives with his drink.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Seven and Seven?
text: Pinkerton reaches for the drink without taking his eyes off
text: the table. He throws a hard six. The crowd cheers again.
text: He turns around, stuffs a hundred dollar chip down her shirt
text: and slyly cops a feel.
speaker_heading: PINKERTON
dialog: Thanks, dollface.
text: Natalie shudders in disgust. She spins around to leave...
text: runs smack into Bernie, spilling her tray of drinks on him.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Oh shit... Sorry... I'm such a klutz.
text: Bernie wipes himself off, helps her pick up the pieces.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: It's all right. Happens.
text: Natalie tries to wipe him down a bit more.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Sorry, this guy... fuckin' hands,
dialog: you know...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: S'okay. You might want to stick
dialog: around.
text: Bernie wiggles his way next to Pinkerton. He gives the
text: stickman a certain look.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Pinkerton. You have
dialog: no hard eight.
speaker_heading: PINKERTON
dialog: (throwing in a chip)
dialog: Gimmie a hundred dollar hard eight.
text: Bernie just watches as Pinkerton throws the dice.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Eight the hard way!
text: The players go nuts. The stickman taps the felt in front of
dialog: the shooter.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
text: Nine hundred dollars to Mr. Pinkerton.
speaker_heading: PINKERTON
dialog: Parlay! Parlay!
text: The Boxman seated at the center looks up at him.
speaker_heading: PINKERTON
dialog: C'mon. You can take that action.
text: The Boxman feigns concern, then nods in approval.
speaker_heading: PINKERTON
dialog: That's what I'm talking about. None
dialog: of this low limit bullshit.
text: Just as the stickman feeds Pinkerton the dice, Bernie flips
text: a dollar chip over toward the center of the table. Natalie
text: peers between them to catch a glimpse.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Dollar hard eight.
text: The chip lands on Pinkerton's parlayed bet. He releases the
text: dice from his stubby little fingers.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Eight easy! Easy eight! Hard eight
text: comes down.
text: The players cry out in defeat. Pinkerton grumbles to himself.
text: He fingers his rail of chips.
speaker_heading: PINKERTON
dialog: Five hundred dollar hard eight. And
dialog: press my nine up two units.
text: He throws in the chips. The croupier places his bets. The
text: dice are fed back to him. He throws.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Easy way eight! Eight easy!
text: Pinkerton is fit to be tied. After a passing moment of clarity
text: he empties his entire rail.
speaker_heading: PINKERTON
dialog: Hard eight.
text: The entire table stops down for a second.
speaker_heading: PLAYER (O.S.)
dialog: Way to go, Pinkie! Bet the farm.
text: Pinkerton sets his dice carefully and lets them fly.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Seven out!
text: Pinkerton slams his fist down on the table. He turns to leave
text: the table to find Natalie smiling at him.
speaker_heading: PINKERTON
dialog: What the fuck you smiling at, bitch?
text: Pinkerton starts to lose it. Security moves in, right on
text: time. Natalie shoots Bernie a satisfied look. He averts his
text: eyes shyly and limps away. She stares after him for a moment.
scene_heading: INT. PARADISE LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: BUDDY STAFFORD, the Paradise Lounge's star attraction, is
dialog: performing on stage. He's a poor man's Tony Bennett. Mid to
text: late 60's. A staple at the Paradise for the last 20 years.
text: The singer sluggishly descends the stage to the lounge floor,
text: almost tripping over his microphone cable.
text: Buddy works the room, leaning in real close to the ladies,
text: delivering the requisite eye contact. When their companions
text: react with mock outrage, Buddy raises his fists playfully in
text: a boxer's defensive stance. It's classic Buddy Stafford
dialog: schtick.
text: From somewhere across the lounge, an ATTRACTIVE WOMAN jumps
text: up and throws her panties at Buddy. Buddy catches them and
text: waves them in the air... just as another pair whizzes by...
text: We PAN ACROSS to Shelly seated at his corner booth, in the
text: company of Nicky Fingers, Larry and Marty.
text: TIGHT ON SHELLY as he focuses on Buddy. A smile threatens
text: his patented stoicism. He's flashing back on the old days.
text: While Nicky and Marty are clearly enjoying Buddy's
text: performance, Larry fixates on the singer with joyless eyes.
text: We take on LARRY'S POV of Buddy --
scene_heading: SLOW MOTION CLOSE-UPS of BUDDY SINGING. The MUSIC SLOWED
text: DOWN with the action, emphasizing Buddy's lack of energy.
text: Sweat dripping off Buddy's forehead, splattering into tiny
text: jewels against his microphone. Buddy's tired eyes. Shaking
text: hands around the mic.
text: SMASH CUT to real time APPLAUSE as Buddy reaches the end of
text: the song. Larry is the only one not clapping. RACK ACROSS to
text: Shelly as he picks up on this.
scene_heading: INT. PARADISE LOUNGE - BACK STAGE - NIGHT
text: Shelly approaches Buddy's dressing room. He enters without
dialog: knocking...
scene_heading: INT. BUDDY STAFFORD'S DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT
text: ...to find a trembling Buddy hunched over on a sofa, hugging
text: himself. Buddy immediately sits up...
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Shelly. I was a goddamn embarrassment
dialog: tonight. I shouldn'a let you talk me
text: into going on.
dialog: (massages his throat)
dialog: It's definitely strep.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: You were velvet out there, pops.
dialog: Silk.
text: Shelly throws a pair of red silk panties to Buddy. We see a
text: room number scribbled on the crotch area.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
text: They were hanging on the door outside.
dialog: Forget your tonsils. When the muff
dialog: confetti stops coming, that's when
dialog: you got yourself a problem.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (dangling the panties
dialog: on his finger)
dialog: You get a receipt?
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Charmayne's in the lobby. They got
text: these on sale in the window. Victoria
dialog: Secret's Valentine's Collection. And
text: the broad waiting in the room, what
dialog: she set you back? Always Grade-A for
dialog: Ol' Buddy.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Are you kidding me? Gimme that.
dialog: (snatches the panties
dialog: away from Buddy)
dialog: You don't fucking deserve this. All
dialog: those ladies going home with a sweet
dialog: breeze between their legs because
dialog: you still do it for them and you're
dialog: fingering me for some kinda Buddy
dialog: Stafford ego pimp. Hey, fuck you,
dialog: old man.
text: Shelly feigns as if he's leaving.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (affectionately)
dialog: Get back here, you prick. Hand it
dialog: over.
text: Shelly throws the panties back at Buddy. Buddy just stares
text: at him with pained eyes, waiting for something else. Sweat
text: mirror balls his wrinkled forehead.
text: Shelly nods. Removes a foil package from his pocket. Hands
text: it to Buddy. The singer rushes over to his dressing table.
text: Unwraps his works. Rubber tubes his forearm. Trembling hands
text: juggle lighter and hypodermic.
text: Shelly takes a seat on the sofa. Buddy, euphoric as the dope
text: hits the spot. Tears in his eyes. He picks up on Shelly's
text: somber expression in the mirror.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Whassimatter, kid? You got that
text: Nostradamus look.
text: Shelly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You ever watch those nature shows on
dialog: TV?
text: Shelly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I've seen this one a dozen times.
dialog: It's about lions. Cycle of life thing.
dialog: The leader of the pack...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Pride. It's called a pride.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yeah, pride. The leader of the
dialog: pride... when he gets on in years.
dialog: It's just a matter of time before
text: some young male arrives on the scene
text: to challenge him. They go at it and
dialog: the old cat gets the crap beaten
text: outta him. It's humiliating. In front
dialog: of all the females, this goes down.
text: And after he's defeated, he's cast
dialog: out of the pride, to scavenge and
dialog: die alone in the bush.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Yeah, nature's got a real sick sense
dialog: of humor.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: No shit. It's fucking tragic because
dialog: the old lion can't figure it out on
dialog: his own. That he's past it. It'd be
dialog: so much easier for him to just walk
dialog: away and save himself all that pain
dialog: and humiliation.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: That's like admitting to yourself
dialog: that you're already dead. I prefer
dialog: nature's way.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Yeah. Me, too.
text: Shelly holds Buddy's gaze in the mirror.
scene_heading: INT. PARADISE LOUNGE - BACK STAGE - NIGHT
text: Shelly exits the dressing room, to find Larry waiting on
dialog: him.
text: He's accompanied by a good looking YOUNG MAN.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Shelly, got a minute...
text: Shelly's expression: no. But he heads over anyway.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Shelly, this is Johnny Capella.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: How ya doin', Shelly?
text: Johnny extends his hand. Shelly ignores the gesture.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: I know you from somewhere, right?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Johnny's been opening for Danny Ganz
dialog: at the Mirage. Sony's talking about
dialog: signing him to a three album deal.
dialog: They're positioning him as the new
dialog: Ricki Martin.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: And I should be interested in this,
dialog: why?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Johnny's looking to headline. I told
dialog: him we might be interested.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (icy)
dialog: We?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Hey, if this is a bad time...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Even if I were interested, Buddy's
dialog: got ink with us through 2003. I just
dialog: renegotiated his contract last year.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Sounds like the two of you need to
dialog: get on the same page.
dialog: (to Larry)
dialog: If I don't hear from you by Thursday,
dialog: I'm taking the Stardust's offer.
text: Johnny nods at Shelly, takes off. Shelly and Larry eyeball
text: each other for a long, cold beat. Shelly's about to say
text: something, when Nicky and Marty approach. Larry shrugs,
text: flashes a chilling smile.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Where's Buddy? I wanna buy the old
text: fart a drink.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Buddy asked me to send you his
dialog: regards, Nicky. He's not feeling so
dialog: great. I think he's got that stomach
dialog: flu that's going around.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Oh yeah? That's too bad.
dialog: (Shelly isn't fooling
dialog: him)
dialog: Well, another time then.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Hey, Shelly, Nicky says you might be
dialog: able to hook us up with some
text: showgirls. Something with class.
text: Shelly eyeballs Marty for a tense, extended beat. What do I
dialog: look like, some fuckin' pimp, college boy? Just as Marty's
text: starting to get real uncomfortable, Shelly cracks a smile.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Sure, no problem. You got any
dialog: preferences?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (jumps in)
dialog: Yeah. Something with big headlights,
dialog: nice rims and low mileage.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: You got any Asian babes?
text: Shelly looks to Larry.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I think I'll just stick with the
dialog: tables.
text: We linger on Shelly's unsettled look. This guy is bad news.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGRI-LA PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Bernie weaves his way through the lot to his car. Arriving
text: at his Buick, he's startled to find Natalie leaning against
text: it. She holds up the $100 chip the drunk tipped her.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Buy you a drink?
text: Off of Bernie's surprised expression...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE MAKAWAO BAR AND GRILL - NIGHT
dialog: Cheesy Polynesian decor. Mood lighting = an excuse to keep
text: the electric down. Basically, a joint where people come to
dialog: lose themselves.
text: Natalie and Bernie are seated in a booth near the back. She
text: sips on an umbrella drink; he's nursing his usual gin.
text: Natalie has an astrological chart in front of her. In between
text: sips, she makes annotations to the chart.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (almost to herself)
dialog: Your Progressed Venus is Gemini,
text: 12.5 Degrees, and is in Direct motion.
dialog: Which tells me that you're a slow
dialog: starter when it comes to romance.
dialog: (off Bernie's taken
dialog: aback expression)
dialog: You know what? This is real
dialog: unprofessional of me. I shouldn't
dialog: discuss your chart with you until
dialog: I'm all done. I can tell by that
dialog: look, you think this is all a lot of
dialog: B.S.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: No... I just know what the outcome's
dialog: going to be.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: The outcome? There's not, like, one
dialog: particular outcome. A lot of things
text: enter into it. The planets, moon
dialog: phases...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: The outcome won't change with me.
dialog: It'll be all bad.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: God, I have never met anyone who was
dialog: so down on themselves. I used to be
dialog: down on myself, OK? I don't go there
dialog: anymore. I've got just three more
dialog: correspondence classes with this
dialog: stuff, then I'll have my certificate
dialog: and everything. And you know how I
dialog: got OK?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: You had your chart done.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Yes, as a matter of fact that is
dialog: perfectly correct.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Do you know what I do at the Shangri-
dialog: la?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I asked around. You're a "cooler."
dialog: You turn winners into losers.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: And do you know how I do that?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I know there's stuff that goes on in
dialog: casinos all the time --
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I do it by being myself. People get
text: next to me and their luck turns.
dialog: It's always been that way.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: That sounds to me like a self
dialog: fulfilling prophecy. There's a whole
dialog: chapter on that in my course. Anyways,
dialog: I can see a big factor in your life
dialog: is that you're lacking companionship.
dialog: There's nobody to deflect off. If
dialog: you've got, as you put it, bad karma,
dialog: then you need someone with good karma
dialog: to neutralize it. Well, that's my
dialog: take on it anyway.
text: Bernie maintains eye contact with Natalie for an extended
text: beat. Then drops his head, gazes at his glass.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I don't know about you, but I'm real
dialog: tired.
text: Natalie nods. Bernie motions to stand. Natalie just remains
text: seated. Keeps talking.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I have this recurring dream where
dialog: I'm on some beautiful island in the
dialog: Bahamas. I'm sitting on the beach,
dialog: taking in this amazing sunset with
dialog: one of these in my hand
dialog: (gestures to her drink)
dialog: ...and then it starts to rain. And I
dialog: wake up and it's my roof leaking on
dialog: me. Yeah, I'm also real tired, Bernie.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (not even sure why
dialog: he's telling her
dialog: this)
dialog: I only got six more days. Well, almost
dialog: five really. Then I'll be leaving
dialog: town.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Only five more days?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Then we shouldn't waste any more
dialog: time.
text: Natalie covers Bernie's hand with hers.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Why don't we go back to your place?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (completely caught
dialog: off-guard)
dialog: I, uh... If this is... I don't know...
dialog: I don't know if I can afford...
text: Natalie flinches slightly. Then swiftly regains her composure.
dialog: It's Vegas. An honest mistake.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Oh god... I'm so sorry... I didn't
dialog: mean... You see -- that's exactly
dialog: what I'm talking about. I've gone
dialog: and "cooled" the damn table.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Ah, just shut up, Bernie. You haven't
dialog: gone and cooled anything. Not by a
dialog: long shot.
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Natalie's hand flips on the television. Another bizarre
text: religious service. We pull back from the screen as she tries
dialog: to change the channel. Just gets a whole lot of static.
text: Bernie's standing uncomfortably in the middle of the room.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You should complain about this.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I'm not here that much. Drink? Sorry,
dialog: all I got's gin.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Nah. I've had my fill. Go ahead.
text: Bernie walks over to the dresser, pours himself a shot.
text: Natalie glances around. She notices Bernie's dead plants...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You know, once they're dead, they
dialog: don't really grow back. In case,
dialog: that's what you're waiting for.
text: Her eyes land on the empty cat bowl. She's about to say
text: something, when she picks up on Bernie's expression. Let's
text: not even go there. She gestures to an old record player in
dialog: the corner.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: So... got any music?
text: Bernie opens one of the kitchenette cupboards. Bare shelves...
text: except for a lone RECORD up on top. He brings it down. It's
dialog: a Sinatra album. Never been opened.
text: Natalie looks on as Bernie meticulously removes the record
text: from its sleeve. He blows a few particles of dust from its
text: surface. Then delicately lays it on the turntable. The way
text: he goes about this is incredibly ceremonious. With as much
text: care as given to disarming a nuclear weapon.
text: Natalie can't help but smile.
text: Bernie lowers the needle to the first cut of the record.
dialog: Everything seems to be going so well, until...
text: SKREEEEEE! The needle skids across the surface of the record
text: with a sound worse than chalk on a blackboard.
text: Bernie opens his mouth in a silent grimace... and a delicious
text: laugh comes out.
text: It's Natalie's laugh. Talk about a tension breaker. Bernie
text: turns to her, shrugs. He tries again. This time the needle
text: catches... and Sinatra takes command of the room. He's singing
text: "This Town," a finger snapping upbeat Valentine to Vegas.
text: Marred only by a slight clicking caused by the scratch.
text: Natalie summons Bernie over with her wagging forefinger. He
text: picks up his glass, shuffles over.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Sit. Relax. I promise you, at least
dialog: one of us has done this before.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: This is not my first --
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Sssh. Surprise me.
text: She starts massaging his shoulders, eliciting involuntary
text: moans from him. Bernie is almost in tears. Nobody's touched
dialog: him like this in years. And it shows.
text: Natalie takes Bernie's glass, gulps down the remains herself,
text: then sets it on the floor. She drops down next to Bernie.
text: Starts kissing him. Takes it slow.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You're doing real good.
text: They fall back onto the mattress. Natalie taking the reigns,
text: maneuvering her hips, kicking off her panties...
text: Bernie gets an eyeful of a tattoo on her butt. A pair of
text: dice. Both twos.
text: In seconds, Natalie has separated Bernie from his pants and
text: underwear, taking him inside of her, Ol' Blue Eyes keeping
dialog: the rhythm...
text: Natalie moans uninhibitedly. Surprise: she's a real screamer.
text: Moments later, we hear banging from the hooker's side of the
text: wall. Some John telling them to keep it down.
text: Bernie, with tears of elation in his eyes, thrusts away at
text: Natalie... for all of thirty seconds, before he explodes,
text: convulsing in her arms with a stifled gasp.
text: Frank winds down "This Town" a few seconds later. Poor Bernie,
text: he didn't even make it through the song.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Sorry...
text: Natalie wraps her arms around him.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Don't worry, Bernie. I've had worse.
dialog: We'll try again later.
text: Bernie rests his head on her breasts. Closes his eyes. We
text: hold on him. A few seconds pass... and he breaks into a smile.
dialog: Fade to black.
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: TIGHT on Bernie sleeping. He still has that goofy smile on
text: his lips. A beat or two later, he opens his eyes. We PULL
text: BACK to reveal that he's alone in the bed. No sign of Natalie.
text: Bernie turns to the pillow next to him, buries his face in
text: it. Takes a deep breath. Moans at her scent. Ambrosia. He
text: still has his face in the pillow, sucking in deep breaths,
text: when Natalie steps out of the bathroom. Big smile.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hey, so, you wanna get some breakfast?
text: Bernie just looks up at her; replay on the goofy smile.
dialog: Heaven.
speaker_heading: BERNIE (V.O.)
dialog: -- I did six months at Rikers for
dialog: running numbers. It was Shelly's
dialog: thing, but I took the rap for it.
scene_heading: INT. MOONLIGHTER COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: Bernie and Natalie sit eating breakfast.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: After I get out, I call up Shelly
dialog: and he tells me to come out here. I
dialog: figure he's going to set me up good
dialog: at the Shangri-la. But he tells me
dialog: they got all these rules about casinos
dialog: employing felons. So he gets me this
dialog: gig doing telemarketing for one of
dialog: their fronts -- trying to scam
dialog: pensioners out of their retirement
dialog: money. I lasted two weeks.
text: As Bernie talks, Natalie spies a very PREGNANT GIRL (20's)
text: coming out of the restroom. Her eyes follow the girl back to
text: a table where a YOUNG MAN (20's) waits on her.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Already, I was getting in deep.
dialog: Finally it got so bad, I had to beg
dialog: Shelly to take on my markers around
dialog: town. That just bought me more time
dialog: to keep losing. I put Shelly in an
dialog: awkward position. I understand why
dialog: he did what he did.
dialog: (taps his knee)
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: He did that to you? What, he shot
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Baseball bat.
dialog: (off her cringing
dialog: expression)
dialog: I got off easy.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: That's getting off easy?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I was out of control.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: But he maimed you...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Let me tell you something. I'm
dialog: grateful for what he did.
dialog: (off her stunned look)
dialog: No kidding. Every time I get an urge
dialog: to play off the clock -- to so much
dialog: as drop a quarter in a slot -- I
dialog: reach down and squeeze what's left
dialog: of my cartilage. It's one helluva
dialog: reminder.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Jesus... I thought stuff like that
dialog: didn't happen no more. Like that was
dialog: just in the movies or something.
text: Bernie holds her gaze her for a moment.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Anyway, Shelly and I worked out a
dialog: payment plan. Two years off the books
text: at the Shangri-la, cooling tables.
dialog: Five more days and I walk.
text: Before Natalie can respond, we hear the pregnant girl start
text: to moan out loud. The waitress rushes over.
speaker_heading: PREGNANT GIRL
dialog: (clutching her belly)
dialog: Oh shit, I think I'm going into labor!
text: The young man at the table rushes her to her feet, escorts
text: her toward the exit in a dramatic fashion. All this without
dialog: paying the bill.
text: As they pass by Bernie and Natalie's table, the girl trips
text: over Natalie's purse. Bernie quickly helps her up. That's
text: when he notices the young man...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Mikey?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Bernie...
text: There's a quick moment of confusion. Bernie feels a bit thrown
dialog: by it all.
scene_heading: EXT. MOONLIGHTER COFFEE SHOP - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Bernie accompanies them out to their car at a quick step.
text: Once out the door, the girl's contractions appear to have
text: subsided. Natalie walks with the girl to try and help.
speaker_heading: PREGNANT GIRL
dialog: I'm OK now. False alarm. Thanks.
text: Bernie pulls Mikey aside.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Mikey? Is that...? You're not the...
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: (nods)
text: Bull's eye. One time. Obviously runs
dialog: in the family. I guess you're gonna
dialog: be a grandfather, Bernie.
text: They reach the couple's car. A rusted out 1955 Ford Fairlaine.
dialog: By the looks of it, they've been living out of it.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: This you?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Hey, what the fuck, it runs. Anyways,
dialog: we gotta be somewhere...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: How's your mom doing?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: I'm gonna pretend like you give a
dialog: shit and tell you, she's getting by.
dialog: As long as she's wasted.
text: Bernie nods. He gazes past Mikey to the girl.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Name's Charlene, in case you were
text: wondering. Looks like she's carrying
dialog: a whole litter in there, don't it?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: When was the last time you saw a
dialog: doctor?
text: Charlene sidles up alongside Mikey.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: This clinic in Jersey. Maybe six
dialog: months ago. I wasn't about to go
dialog: back after they treated me like
dialog: cattle. Just because I didn't have
dialog: no insurance. And those places,
dialog: they're crawling with T.B. from all
dialog: 'em spies.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: So, you're in town...?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Maybe a week or so. Got some business
dialog: to take care of.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: If you want, stop by the Lucky Star
dialog: Motel. Give us a chance to catch up.
dialog: I'm on three to eleven shift at the
dialog: Shangri-la. I work the floor.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: No shit. Well, how 'bout that? Yeah,
dialog: maybe I'll do that. We can play catch
dialog: up. For the kid's sake. Gotta split.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (to Charlene)
dialog: Take care.
text: Mikey helps Charlene into the front passenger seat. They
text: drive off. Natalie looks to Bernie. She's curious, but doesn't
text: ask. He appears thankful for that.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - BLACKJACK TABLES - NIGHT
text: CLOSE on a skyline of black chips neatly positioned on the
text: felt. We see the owner of the chips strike a match. His last
text: one. It fizzles out quickly. TILT UP to the PLAYER'S FACE
text: with an unlit cigarette hanging from his lips.
text: A hand quickly reaches in, lights the cigarette with a Zippo.
text: PULL BACK to reveal Bernie.
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: Thanks...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Don't mention it.
text: Bernie sits at the table.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: (he knows the routine)
dialog: Hundred dollar minimum here, sir.
text: Bernie peels off a hundred from his billfold. Lays it on the
dialog: felt.
speaker_heading: DEALER
text: Money plays one hundred.
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: (to Bernie)
dialog: No offense, pal, but there's twenty
dialog: other tables. What do you wanna come
dialog: sit on my head for?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Just wanna play one hand. Feeling
dialog: lucky tonight. I got this voice in
dialog: my head, says this is the table...
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: I know this is the table. I'm already
dialog: doing good here. It's my fucking
dialog: table --
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (touching him)
dialog: Hey, heard the one about the fella
text: walks into a bar and says, "Hey, who
dialog: owns that big great dane outside?" A
text: man at the end of the bar raises his
dialog: hand. "I do." The fella says, "Yeah?
dialog: Well, my dog just killed it."
text: The dealer finishes shuffling, begins to deal.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: "Whaddya mean your dog just killed
dialog: my great dane? What kinda dog you
text: have?" The fella just shrugs and
dialog: says, "A chihuahua." "You tellin' me
dialog: your chihuahua just killed my great
dialog: dane? How?"
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: "I dunno," the fella says, "I think
dialog: he got stuck in his throat."
text: Bernie starts laughing. The player is less than tickled.
text: Just then the dealer interrupts them.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: Insurance?
text: We see the dealer's got an ace showing.
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: God damnit!
text: The player waves off the insurance, as does Bernie. The dealer
text: checks. Nothing. As the hand plays through the dealer busts
text: out. Bernie glances over at the dealer. What the hell? Bernie
text: places his chips again.
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: You said, one hand.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (agitated; to dealer)
dialog: Keep going.
text: The dealer plays. Bernie and the high roller win again.
text: Bernie glances around him uncomfortably. We see Shelly
dialog: approaching. Shelly just has a nose for when things aren't
text: running smoothly. Larry is lurking behind him.
text: The dealer turns up some cards. And again, Bernie and the
text: high roller win. Bernie looks absolutely perturbed. Shelly
text: gestures something with his head. Bernie cashes out.
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: Hey, stick around, pal. You and me,
dialog: we make a great team.
text: Bernie strolls over to Shelly. Shelly guides him away from
text: the table under Larry's watchful eye.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: What was that?
text: Bernie shrugs, still confused.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Well, what fucking gives? Is it
dialog: McGann? He's been with us twelve
dialog: years. The man's as standup as my
dialog: dick.
dialog: (thinking to himself)
dialog: Maybe he's got money problems. I'm
dialog: gonna pull him. He wasn't counting
dialog: 'em, was he? The mook with the streak?
text: Bernie shakes his head. Larry sidles over.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Is there a problem?
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (zero tolerance)
dialog: No, there's no problem. Fella's on a
dialog: streak, is all.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (re: Bernie)
dialog: Let me guess? This is one of your
dialog: "coolers?"
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Why don't you announce it to the
dialog: whole fucking joint?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (lowers his voice)
dialog: Man, they told me you were a stickler
dialog: for the old ways. But coolers? What
dialog: is this guy, some kind of degenerate
dialog: gambler? Reformed card shark? He
dialog: doesn't look too effective to me.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: He's the best. Take it from me.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Sure. Whatever. But there ways --
dialog: subtle ways -- to keep things in our
dialog: favor. I'm talking more forward
dialog: thinking methods.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: That right? I suppose you got a whole
dialog: fucking prospectus on the subject.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: As a matter of fact I do. Like, right
dialog: off the bat, I can tell you this
dialog: wallpaper isn't going to cut it.
dialog: It's too uplifting. I would go with
text: more muted tones.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Yeah? Wallpaper?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: And personally, I think the waitresses
dialog: can all pop another button or two.
dialog: Myself, I wouldn't hire anything
text: less than a C cup.
text: Shelly looks to Bernie. You believe this mook? Larry extracts
text: a CD from his jacket...
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Know what this is? Music to be sure.
text: Pleasant, non-intrusive. But blended
text: in at a subsonic level is a mantra.
dialog: "Lose... lose... lose." And that's
dialog: just skimming the surface. We really
dialog: need to talk, Shelly.
text: Shelly is close to losing it. When MORRIE, the manager of
text: the Paradise, comes running up...
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Shelly, you better come quick.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Shelly, Larry and Bernie following behind Morrie as he hastily
text: leads them down a hallway of the Shangri-la's best suites.
text: They arrive at an open door, the sound of a TELEVISION
text: beckoning them inside...
scene_heading: INT. BUDDY STAFFORD'S SUITE - NIGHT
text: Starting on the TV set: "Lost Horizon" (1937) is playing.
text: It's the scene where Robert Conway (Ronald Coleman), his
text: brother and Maria are leaving the lost city in the end.
text: Conway looks back for one last tearful view of paradise.
text: PANNING OFF THE SCREEN to a pair of naked feet on the floor
text: next to the bed... revealing Buddy slumped against the side
text: of the mattress... a hypodermic needle protruding from his
text: arm. Death glaze fixated on the screen.
text: Bernie slumps back against the wall. Catches his breath.
text: Shelly just stares at Buddy, a slight tremor of grief
text: threatening his granite features. He glances over at Larry,
text: who takes in Buddy's deathly repose without a hint of emotion.
text: Larry meets Shelly's eye with a subtle smirk of one-upmanship.
text: An incendiary beat passes between them. Then...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (to Morrie)
dialog: Get a hold of his daughter. Assist
dialog: her with the arrangements. The Shangri-
dialog: la will take care of everything.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: What about the Paradise?
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: She goes dark tonight.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: That won't be necessary.
text: Shelly and Larry exchange looks again. Bernie picks up on
text: it. The tension in the room threatens nuclear fission. A
text: loud ANIMAL ROAR reverberates on the soundtrack...
text: accompanied by jungle-like percussion... as we CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE PARADISE LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: A "now performing" poster on a metal stand: JOHNNY CAPPELLA
dialog: live at the Paradise Lounge!
text: PANNING off the sign and following a COUPLE through the doors
text: into the theater.
text: ...our eye drawn to the stage. A troupe of gorgeous FEMALE
text: DANCERS in leopard print G-strings, grinding their hips to
text: the muscular rhythm.
text: Flanking them are a pair of strutting LIONS in elevated cages.
text: An EXPLOSION OF LIGHT and SMOKE... and JOHNNY CAPPELLA makes
text: his entrance. Decked out in a reflective suit that picks up
text: every light in the house and throws it back at the audience.
dialog: Johnny's got the style of a Harry Connick Jr. and the moves
dialog: of Ricki Martin. The energy this guy brings to the stage
text: makes the last twenty years of Buddy Stafford's reign seem
text: like suspended animation. The women in the audience start
text: fanning themselves with delight.
text: It's a new dawn in Paradise. And the panties are coming fast
text: and furious.
text: We see Shelly watching from the back of the room. He shifts
text: his attention to Nicky, Larry and Marty at a primo table.
text: They're having a grand time. Nicky pats Larry on the back of
dialog: the head. "Good work, kid."
text: Larry turns and raises his drink to Shelly. Shelly stares
text: right through him. A declaration of war.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO MIDWAY - NIGHT
text: Bernie and Natalie wander around the midway. A middle-aged
text: WORKER at the ring toss booth gets her attention.
scene_heading: RING TOSS WORKER
dialog: Over here, young lady! C'mon, give
dialog: it a try. Eight for a dollar.
text: Natalie drags Bernie over. She pays her money and the worker
text: hands her the rings. Natalie throws, and misses all eight.
text: The man pats her on the shoulder.
scene_heading: RING TOSS WORKER
dialog: Sorry there, sweetheart. Better luck
dialog: next time. Wanna try again?
text: Natalie is about to take him up on it, when she catches
text: Bernie's eye. His look suggests she's being played for a
text: sucker. She decides against it.
text: They walk off down the midway. Bernie chuckles to himself.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Nothing. You're just an easy mark,
dialog: is all.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: An easy mark?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Yeah. Easy mark. You never heard
dialog: that term?
text: Natalie shakes her head.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: When we were kids, Shelly and me, we
dialog: used to work Coney Island during the
dialog: summer. When a guy would walk up and
text: seemed eager to open his wallet, we
dialog: would always mark him with chalk.
dialog: We'd pat him on the back or arm with
dialog: the chalk. Like, 'Hey buddy, good
dialog: job!'
dialog: (pats Natalie)
dialog: Meanwhile, he had no clue the other
text: guys saw him coming a mile away.
dialog: Easy mark.
text: Natalie looks down at her shoulder where the man patted her.
text: She brushes it for effect. Bernie smiles. They take a seat
text: at the end of the midway.
text: Natalie locks onto a little toe-headed BOY being dragged
text: around by his OLDER BROTHER and the brother's FRIEND. The
text: kid has a glazed look in his eyes.
text: Natalie fixates on the boy with a haunted expression. Bernie
text: picks up on it.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You OK?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You notice last night, that tattoo
dialog: on my butt?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (are you kidding?!)
dialog: Little Joe.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Yeah, two twos. Little Joe.
text: Natalie hides her face behind her soda cup. Looks off in the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I had a son. His name was Joe. I was
dialog: his mother for a year.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You know, you don't have to tell me
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I want to, Bernie. Better you know
dialog: the worst of me up front. Later,
dialog: when I'm already invested in you,
dialog: it'll be too hard to come clean.
dialog: After I tell you this, you'll
dialog: probably... I mean, I'll understand.
text: She tears her eyes away from Bernie. Bernie can't believe
text: what he's hearing. That she wants to be invested in him.
dialog: What could be so bad?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I gave my son up for adoption. I
dialog: just wanted my life back. I was
dialog: seventeen going on eighteen and I
dialog: was selfish. My family, they didn't
dialog: want to have nothing to do with me
dialog: after that. So I hitched a ride out
dialog: here. Figured I could make it as a
text: showgirl. Ten years later...
dialog: (shrugs; starts to
dialog: break up)
dialog: I like to think that if it happened
dialog: when I was older -- with some guy I
dialog: cared about -- maybe things would
dialog: have been different. I think about
dialog: my Little Joe. And, I do know he's
dialog: better off. I'm convinced of that.
text: She lowers her soda. Turns to Bernie. He studies her for a
text: lengthy beat, stoic features. She wipes away her tears. Oh
text: well, that's that. Bernie stands up. Looks around... focuses
text: on the arcade clock. It reads 1:40 a.m. He turns to her...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: So, you wanna go try your hand at
dialog: the dime pitch? It's early still.
text: Off Natalie's tear-filled features. She breaks into a laugh-
dialog: cry...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bernie and Natalie making love. Slow, tender. Natalie doesn't
dialog: make with the "Oh yeah, baby, you're doing great"
text: encouragement. Just some low key moans. Bernie doesn't come
text: too soon either. He outlasts Sinatra through several cuts.
text: In contrast, we hear the hooker and her John howling away
text: through the walls. An escalating ostinato of "Oh Baby's."
text: Until Natalie reaches behind her and raps her fist against
text: the wall. Big smile from both of them.
scene_heading: EXT. LUCKY STAR MOTEL - DAY
text: Bernie and Natalie returning from breakfast in Bernie's Buick.
text: Bernie can't find a parking spot. Natalie climbs out, heads
dialog: for the room.
text: Natalie arrives at the room. She's about to stab the key in
text: the lock, when she realizes the door is ajar. She hesitates
text: for a moment, then pushes it open...
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: ...to find Mikey and Charlene waiting on them. Charlene is
text: puffing away on a Marlboro when Natalie enters. She
text: immediately stubs it out. Rises, heads for the bathroom.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: I gotta go pee. I'm always peeing.
text: She closes the door after her.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (to Mikey)
dialog: How did you get in here?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: I told the desk clerk Bernie was my
dialog: old man. He let us wait inside. That
dialog: a problem?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: Bernie's looking for a parking space.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Shit. I musta taken the last one.
text: Mikey steps up to Natalie. She hasn't moved from the doorway.
text: Her dislike for Mikey is evident.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Tell me something, Natalie? Is he
dialog: paying you?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: My old man, is he renting your ass?
dialog: 'Cause otherwise I just don't get
dialog: it. A loser like my pops in the
dialog: company of some primo T &amp; A. It don't
dialog: compute.
text: Natalie doesn't dignify Mikey with an answer. She stares him
text: down unflinchingly. Mikey reaches out to Natalie's ear,
text: "pulls" out a $20 dollar chip.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: This enough to get me a taste? Family
dialog: discount?
text: He drops the chip down Natalie's cleavage. Natalie still
text: doesn't react. Mikey reaches up, starts caressing her face.
text: She flinches. Right then, the door swings open. Bernie enters.
text: Mikey snaps his fingers and a rose appears in his hand. He
text: extends it to Natalie. She ignores the gesture, steps aside.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Mikey...
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Hey, Bernie. I told you I was gonna
dialog: stop by.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Yeah... I figured you'd call ahead.
dialog: We were out at breakfast.
text: Charlene emerges from the bathroom. Natalie heads over. She
dialog: doesn't want to be around Mikey.
text: She stops in front of Charlene, points to a sprinkling of
text: white powder on the side of her nose.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You missed some.
text: Charlene immediately swats the coke off. Natalie enters the
text: bathroom. Closes the door.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: You see, the thing is, Bernie, we're
dialog: kinda strapped. I mean, Charly here's
dialog: expecting like yesterday, and we
dialog: don't have the dough to make with
dialog: the right nutrition for her an' all.
dialog: So, I was wondering if you would
dialog: care to invest a little in your
dialog: grandchild's future... his well being.
text: Bernie scratches his head, thinks on it for a moment or two.
text: Then heads over to the kitchenette cupboard. Pulls down a
text: coffee can. Extracts a thick wad of bills. Hands them over
dialog: to Mikey.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: There's about three grand there.
dialog: That's all I got.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Bless you, Bernie.
dialog: (pats her belly)
dialog: You know, Michael, I -- think we
dialog: should name her Bernadette. After
dialog: your father.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: You mean, Bernie. Trust me, it's a
dialog: boy.
text: Bernie seems quite moved by it all.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: (to Bernie)
dialog: Wanna feel her?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I don't think... I don't want anything
dialog: to hap...
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Ooh, I just felt her kick. C'mon,
dialog: Bernie, gimme your hand...
text: She places Bernie's hand over her stomach.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Feel that?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (not sure)
dialog: I don't know... I think so...
text: Mikey takes Charlene by the arm...
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: We'll catch you later, Bernie. I
dialog: think I'm gonna take Charly over to
dialog: the hospital right now. Get her
dialog: checked up real good.
text: Charlene kisses Bernie on the cheek. He blushes.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Take care, Pop.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Mikey...
text: Mikey turns in the doorway, eyebrows raised. Yeah?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You're not going to try anything
dialog: stupid while you're in town?
dialog: Mikey plays it dumb. Huh?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You mess up and they'll cut you no
dialog: slack. That's all I'm saying. You
dialog: got a kid to think about.
text: Mikey nods, backs out of the room. Charlene giggles. They
text: disappear into the parking lot. Natalie emerges from the
text: bathroom. She lights up a cigarette, just stares at him as
text: if to say: sucker. Bernie shrugs.
scene_heading: INT. SHELLY'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Shelly enters to find Larry seated behind his desk. Larry
text: immediately leaps to his feet, phony apologetic grin.
text: Nicky and Marty are lounging on Shelly's sofa. Shelly's gaze
text: is drawn to a table in the middle of the room. There's
text: something on it, covered in a plastic sheet. He raises a
dialog: "what gives?" eyebrow.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Shelly, I hope you don't mind...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: What's going on, Nicky?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I'm sorry we didn't say nothing about
dialog: this earlier... but the deal wasn't
dialog: closed yet.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Don't worry, Shelly, you're gonna
dialog: love it.
text: Nicky gestures to Larry. Larry whisks the plastic sheet off
dialog: the table...
text: ...to reveal an impressive SCALE MODEL of a redesigned SHANGRI-
scene_heading: LA HOTEL AND CASINO.
text: The model boasts huge snow-capped Himalayan peaks a la "Lost
text: Horizon," surrounding a completely overhauled hotel and
text: casino. A Matterhorn-like rollercoaster traverses the mountain
text: top. Gold and marbled pillars, terraces and floors promise
dialog: to raise the bar on Las Vegas opulence. We're looking at a
dialog: hundred million dollar investment easy.
speaker_heading: NICKY
text: The new Shangri-la Hotel and Casino.
dialog: We break ground on her in six months.
text: Off Shelly's startled expression --
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I know what you're thinking? Where's
dialog: she gonna go? You need space to
dialog: expand, right? Well, that's been
dialog: taken care of. We're now the proud
dialog: owners of The Golden Frontier next
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (gesturing to the
dialog: model)
text: She's perfect. Three floors of gaming,
dialog: IMAX theater, entertainment center,
dialog: boutiques, restaurants, rollercoaster,
dialog: you name it. She'll pay for herself
dialog: in three years, and then it's easy
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Isn't she great, Shell?
text: Shelly slowly approaches the model like a condemned prisoner
text: mounting the scaffolding.
text: We see his stoic features reflected in her sparkling swimming
dialog: pool.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: In "Lost Horizon," these people,
dialog: their plane crashes in the Himalayas --
dialog: and they get rescued and taken to
dialog: this Utopia in the mountains. Shangri-
dialog: la. It's beautiful. The place is
text: completely isolated. Untouched by
dialog: the outside world. There's no war,
dialog: no greed, no bullshit... Time is
dialog: slowed down. People, they don't age.
dialog: It's... paradise. That's what Shangri-
dialog: la is. Paradise.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Yeah, we've all seen the movie. And
dialog: your point is?
text: Shelly whirls around, yells:
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: You don't fuck with paradise! All'a
dialog: ya!
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Hey, Jesus, c'mon, Shelly. We're not
dialog: trying to fuck with it. We're trying
dialog: to make it better.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: How... how, Nicky, could it be any
dialog: better? Right now it's perfect. It's
dialog: the last of its kind. It's pure...
dialog: and this.
dialog: (points to the model;
dialog: weary)
dialog: ...this is just... it's a mockery.
text: An insult. Trying to make something
dialog: of it that it isn't.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: What are you talking about? It's
dialog: right outta the movie?
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Whose talking about a fuckin' movie?
dialog: This ain't a fuckin' movie. This is
dialog: my life. This is my house of worship.
dialog: You people are shittin' on all that's
dialog: sacred to me.
text: A tense silence ensues. Nicky, Larry and Marty exchange looks.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (tired laugh)
dialog: I got just one question? Where you
dialog: gonna be when they decide to change
dialog: it back? When the people, they come
dialog: looking for the real Vegas, from
dialog: before all this Epcott Center
dialog: bullshit. Who's gonna it give it to
dialog: them? You guys? I don't think so.
dialog: You know who? The same fucks who
dialog: started this shit in the first place.
dialog: It's all gonna come full circle and
dialog: bite you in the ass. Mark my words.
text: Shelly falls silent. Massages his forehead. Shit, that wasn't
dialog: the way to handle it.
text: Nicky gets up from the sofa, walks over to Shelly, places a
text: hand on his shoulder. Shelly flinches, but doesn't pull away.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: You make some good points, Shelly.
dialog: Maybe it'll swing back the other
dialog: way, who knows? But the smart money
dialog: suggests we roll the dice. I'm not
dialog: gonna bullshit you; naturally there's
dialog: gonna be a lot of restructuring in
dialog: the months to come, but I want you
dialog: to know, you'll always have a place
dialog: with us.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Where's that? Behind the bar?
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: (laughs)
text: Behind the bar, that's a good one.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I think you should take some time
dialog: and think things through. All this,
dialog: it's a lot to digest, y'know.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Speaking of things to digest, I'm
dialog: starving. How's that buffet they got
dialog: in the Valley of the Blue Moon? You
dialog: recommend their prime rib, Shell?
text: Shelly stares right through Marty. Choke and die on it,
dialog: motherfucker.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: It's food.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Hey, my arteries can use a workout.
dialog: Lead us to the trough, Shell.
text: Shelly nods at Nicky, then shifts his gaze to Larry. Larry's
text: all smiles. He steps forward to join them, his hand dropping
text: down and caressing the surface of Shelly's desk behind him.
text: A subtle gesture not lost on Shelly. Shelly mentally unloads
text: a full chamber into Larry's chest. Returns the smile.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - CRAPS TABLES - NIGHT
text: As Shelly and the group pass a hot craps table, Nicky is
text: drawn to it.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Wait up a second...
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: I thought we were gonna eat?
text: Only now do we see Bernie has arrived to cool the table of
text: its hot shooter -- A LOUD, pudgy, overdressed SUBURBANITE.
text: Shelly eyes Bernie.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Maybe we wanna play over there. Less
dialog: crowded.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Nah, let's play here. This is my
dialog: lucky table. I always play here.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Go on ahead. I know where to find
dialog: you guys.
text: Shelly signals Bernie to back off. Bernie steps back.
text: Shelly, Larry and Marty head for the restaurant. Nicky quickly
text: slaps down some green.
text: The stickman slides the dice over to the suburbanite who is
text: shooting. He scuttles the dice. They bounce up over the rail
text: and spike Nicky on the forehead before dropping back on the
text: felt. The players chuckle.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Out! Seven, line away seven...
text: Nicky rubs his forehead, glares at the suburbanite. He fires
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: SUBURBANITE
dialog: C"mon, pops! What the hell? I coulda
dialog: paid my mortgage with the money I
dialog: just lost.
text: Nicky says nothing. The table is quickly cleared by the
text: dealers. The stickman skips the next shooter and feeds the
dialog: dice to Nicky.
speaker_heading: SHOOTER
dialog: Hey? I'm supposed to be next...
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: File a grievance, shithead.
text: Suburbanite is still fuming over his loss. Nicky places a
text: couple hundred on the passline.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: We're coming out. Crap Eleven, any
dialog: seven.
text: Nicky throws in some chips to the center.
speaker_heading: NICKY
text: Hundred dollar big red.
text: Suburbanite watches as Nicky runs through a lengthy pre-shot
text: routine. Lots of hand jive and cuff shooting.
speaker_heading: SUBURBANITE
dialog: Hurry it up, gramps. Your soup's
dialog: getting cold.
text: Nicky throws.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Crap, Ace Deuce. Line down.
text: The croupiers takes down the pass line.
speaker_heading: SUBURBANITE
dialog: Hey, Busketti, maybe you should try
text: shuffleboard.
text: Nicky is fed the dice again. Same routine. Nicky just fires
text: an incendiary look back at the suburbanite.
speaker_heading: SUBURBANITE
dialog: Uncle Palsy? Shake'em this direction.
text: Nicky throws.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Four, hard four. The point is four.
text: The players make their bets.
speaker_heading: SUBURBANITE
dialog: Good now throw it before you fucking
text: keel over and die, old man.
text: Nicky slowly starts his routine defiantly.
speaker_heading: SUBURBANITE
dialog: Happy birthday to me. Happy Birthday
dialog: to me... Jesus, fuck, I'm another
dialog: year older already.
text: Nicky throws.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: OUT! Seven! Line away.
text: Nicky claps his hands dealer style -- for effect -- and with
text: a gentlemanly smile steps back from the table. Nicky's chips
text: are quickly swept up by the croupier.
speaker_heading: SUBURBANITE
dialog: Don't take it so hard, pops. Everybody
dialog: craps out.
text: Nicky locks eyes with the suburbanite. Then flashes a smile
text: that suggests he's going to brush it off. He turns away from
dialog: the table...
speaker_heading: SUBURBANITE
dialog: Now go change your fucking Depends.
dialog: Nicky makes like it's all in good jest. Yeah, that's real
text: cute. He heads around the table to the suburbanite, holds
text: out his hand as if to say: Hey, no hard feelings. The
dialog: suburbanite shrugs. What the fuck? I was just playing with
text: you, pops. He reaches for Nicky's hand... when Nicky suddenly
text: headbutts him. Before anyone can react, Nicky starts laying
text: into the suburbanite. The man goes down and.
text: Nicky continues pummeling him...
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Who's laughing now, huh? ya fuckin!
dialog: prick! C'mon, crack wise again... Ya
dialog: fuckin' smooth as a Ken doll, no-
dialog: dick, suburbanite scum. How's that
dialog: for a game?!
text: Shelly alerted to the fracas, rushes back to the table. He
text: takes immediate control of the situation. Snaps his fingers
text: at security. The suburbanite is whisked away with a pocketful
text: of comps and a bruised ego. Shelly takes Nicky aside, attempts
text: to calm him. Nicky keeps railing at Shelly:
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: That ain't right, Shelly! Guy fucks
dialog: up my game like that. Who the fuck
dialog: does he think he is?
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: You're right. He's just a piece of
dialog: shit. Forget about him.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I thought this joint had more class.
dialog: Used to be, we wouldn't even let
dialog: bums like that in...
text: Nicky catches himself. He looks at Shelly for a beat.
text: There's an unspoken understanding between them. "The good
dialog: old days." We see Bernie in the b.g., looking more than a
dialog: bit shocked.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAKAWAO BAR AND GRILL - NIGHT
text: Bernie seated with Natalie.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: This town... You know, Natalie, all
dialog: I want to do is go some place where
dialog: I can tell day from night. Where
dialog: they got clocks on the wall. I can't
dialog: breathe around here no more. Four
dialog: days and I'm gone. I'm not even sure
dialog: I can hold out that long.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: So where does that leave us?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: A week ago, I didn't remember what
dialog: it was like to have a woman's hands
text: on me. I'm still pinching myself,
dialog: expecting to wake-up from...
dialog: (just blurts it out)
dialog: Come with me, Natalie. I want you to
dialog: come with me.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: God, Bernie, that's...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to spring
dialog: that on you.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Bernie... I want to be with you. I
dialog: do. But I don't know if I can leave
dialog: with you.
dialog: Bernie's look: Why?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I was working on a compatibility
dialog: chart for the two of us. And it looks
dialog: good, really, it does.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: So, what's the problem?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: That's with us here. In Vegas.
dialog: Bernie's expression: Oh.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Maybe I was being presumptuous, 'cause
dialog: I knew you were leaving... and I
dialog: tried working it in different ways...
dialog: It wasn't good, Bernie. I got scared.
dialog: But that's just for now, for the
dialog: immediate future. Once the planets
dialog: realign, maybe a year from now...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Natalie... I can't... Not another
dialog: year. Not another week.
text: A somber mood falls on the table. Bernie reaches for Natalie's
text: hand. Instead, he knocks the salt over. It spills out in
text: front of them.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I think... we probably shouldn't see
dialog: each other anymore.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Why, Bernie? We only got a couple
dialog: days left together. Why not make the
dialog: most of them?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Because if I spend one more night in
dialog: your arms, I'm not going anywhere.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: And that's so bad?
text: Bernie just stares at her, shrouded in sadness. Natalie stubs
text: out her cigarette, rises.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Take care, Bernie.
text: Bernie casts his eyes to the mound of spilled salt in front
text: of him. Nods. A few beats later he raises his head...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Natalie, don't...
text: Gone. A WAITRESS appears.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS (O.S.)
dialog: Get you another?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I think you better bring me the
dialog: bottle. Please.
scene_heading: INT. SHANGRI-LA HOTEL AND CASINO/BAR - NIGHT
text: Once again, we see Bernie's feet limp across the casino floor.
text: He walks up to the bar, asks for a cup of coffee.
text: Doris brings it over. Short on the cream again.
text: He just sips it black. Gloom and doom features. Life sucks.
text: His master's VOICE sounds over the intercom:
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Chang, party of fifteen, your table
text: is ready, Chang party of fifteen.
text: Bernie looks to Doris. Sighs. Only three more days.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - CRAPS TABLES - NIGHT
text: He heads for the crap tables, the sound of raucous CHEERING
text: becomes audible. A large crowd starting to gather.
text: Bernie noodles his way to the front of the crowd. As soon as
text: he gets a look at the heavy hitter at the table, he tenses
dialog: up.
dialog: Oh shit.
text: It's MIKEY. With Charlene. Charlene is making one hell of a
text: racket. Playing up her extremely maternal state.
text: Just then Natalie sidles up to Bernie with the Chivas Regal.
text: Without thinking about it, he grabs the glass off the tray,
text: downs it in a single gulp.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: (clutching her tummy)
dialog: Come on, Mikey. This is our future.
dialog: Don't blow it.
text: Mikey throws down a bet for the dealer.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Put this on the line for the boys.
text: The stickman thanks him as they place the bet. Mikey throws
text: down more money. We can see Mikey has bets all over the table.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: With shoes!
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Dealer's got shoes. Hands high, the
dialog: dice are out! The point is nine.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Come on all you's. Put a good thought
dialog: in for our baby!
text: As everyone dotes over Charlene, Mikey quickly swaps the
text: dice before anyone can see. He throws.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Six the hard way!
text: Mikey is paid nine thousand by the croupier, as is Charlene.
text: Bernie stands frozen. He doesn't bother trying to get any
text: closer to the table. He knows it'll do no good.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Oh my god, I just felt him kick! He
dialog: knows. He knows you're all pulling
dialog: for him. God bless you all.
text: Natalie looks over at Charlene. Their eyes meet for a second.
text: It's as though Natalie knows it's a scam and Charlene's
dialog: acknowledging it.
text: Mikey throws again.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Six the hard way! Look out, we got a
dialog: shooter!
text: Another nine grand. Mikey's rail is nearly full. Charlene
text: hops around awkwardly causing more distraction.
text: Bernie is really sweating it out now. Then Shelly arrives.
text: Larry is hot on his tail.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Eighteen thousand since I stepped
dialog: up. I'm sorry, Shelly, I guess I've
dialog: been hit and miss lately.
text: Shelly's expression tells us he isn't so sure. Something
dialog: definitely isn't kosher.
text: As Charlene chatters on, Mikey switches the dice back.
text: Shelly makes him.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Fucking amateurs...
text: Mikey throws...
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Seven out! Line away.
text: The players and crowd, though disappointed, applaud Mikey's
dialog: achievement.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: (bowing)
dialog: I thank you. My wife thanks you. My
dialog: unborn child thanks you.
text: Mikey moves his rail of chips to the felt.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Color me up will ya?
text: Larry notices Shelly slipping on a pair of leather gloves.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You've gotta be kidding me.
dialog: (off Shelly's steely
dialog: glare)
dialog: That's not how I propose we handle
dialog: it. We'll turn the matter over to
dialog: the authorities. They'll be
dialog: blacklisted, their credit ruined...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (gets in Larry's face)
dialog: And then we'll give 'em both a
dialog: lollipop for the ride home. Come
dialog: watch and learn, Harvard. A little
dialog: lesson on how to protect your
dialog: investment -- the old school way.
text: Shelly walks over to Mikey and Charlene, Larry lingering
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Hey, that was some run you had back
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Uh, thanks. Just lucky I guess.
text: Mikey steals a tense glance at Charlene. She starts to fidget
dialog: nervously.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Why don't we go do this in my office?
dialog: I don't like to hand out all this
text: amount of cash on the floor.
text: Security (Tony and Lou) corrals the couple. Leads them away.
text: Bernie watches as they pass by. Mikey looks into Bernie's
text: eyes. They both know he's been made. Natalie doesn't say
text: anything, just looks at Bernie.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO RECEIVING AREA - NIGHT
text: Slot machines everywhere -- some on the way out, some on the
text: way in. Crates of casino supplies.
text: Bernie rushes in with Natalie behind him. Heading for an
text: aural beacon of BLOWS landing on flesh... GRUNTING,
text: PLEADING...
text: ...arriving to find Tony and Lou kicking the shit out of
text: Mikey on the floor. Charlene lies clutching her belly a few
text: feet away. Shelly swings a baseball bat, warming up for some
text: blood sport. Larry watches from the sidelines -- at once
text: appalled and enthralled.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Oh my God... I can feel the
text: contractions coming on...
text: Bernie rushes over to Shelly...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Shelly, stop them! Don't do this!
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Get lost, Bernie, this got nothing
dialog: to do with you.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: It's got everything to do with me.
dialog: He's my son.
text: Everyone stops dead. Freeze frame. Shelly gets a weird look
text: in his eye. A fuse has just been lit...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I said, he's my --
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Who? This little prick?
text: Shelly smashes Mikey across the shoulder with the bat.
text: AARRRGGGGHHH!!! Shelly raises the bat to cream Mikey again...
text: Bernie grabs Shelly's arm. Shelly shoves him back.
text: Raises the bat again...
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Pop, help me...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Shelly, don't you fucking do it!
text: Shelly freezes. He lowers the bat, throws it aside. Grabs
text: Bernie by his collar...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Were you in on this? Jesus, you better
dialog: come clean with me.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: NO! God, no! I didn't know nothing
dialog: about it.
text: Shelly releases Bernie. There's a strange look in Shelly's
text: eye. We see the wheels turning...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: How much you think their lives are
dialog: worth, Bernie? Myself, I don't think
dialog: they're worth piss. But, hey, it
dialog: ain't my kid...
dialog: Bernie sees where Shelly's going with this. We can almost
text: hear the cell door slamming in his head.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Let me see: they were up almost a
dialog: hundred and fifty grand. That's 150
dialog: G's someone's gonna have to account
dialog: for. What do you say, Bernie, seventy-
dialog: five grand a piece?
text: Bernie glances over at Natalie. She has tears in her eyes.
text: He looks to Shelly pleadingly. Please don't do this...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Hey, I know you don't have that kind
dialog: of cash. But, since you're a friend
dialog: of the house, I'm willing to front
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Shelly, they didn't get away with
dialog: the money... You didn't lose
dialog: anything...
text: Shelly glances over at Lou, nods. Lou kicks Mikey in the
text: face. His nose snaps like a twig.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Oh Jesus... Yes! All right. It's on
dialog: me. 150 G's.
text: Charlene clutches her belly, moans...
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Oh god, oh god... you gotta get me
dialog: to the hospital... contractions...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Shelly, please help her. That's my
dialog: grandson...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Hey, why don't we all break out the
dialog: champagne? Lootz is about to become
dialog: a granddaddy.
dialog: (walks over to her)
dialog: How you doin' there, sweetheart?
dialog: Must hurt like crap, huh?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Hurts so bad...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Yeah?
text: Suddenly Shelly kicks Charlene in the belly! WHAM! She
text: screeches out.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Oh God...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Jesus NOOOOO!!!
text: Even Shelly's goons can't believe what they've just witnessed.
text: Larry is aghast. Bernie rushes Shelly, starts raining blows
text: on him. Shelly swats him off. He drops down next to the
text: squirming girl, rips her sweater and blouse up over her
dialog: stomach...
text: ...to reveal a mound of fake padding. He tears the padding
text: away from her, throws it at Bernie.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Here! It's a fuckin' boy. Anyone got
dialog: a cigar?
text: The muscle start laughing it up. Relief. Larry emits a nervous
text: giggle. Natalie's jaw hits the floor. Bernie takes a step
text: back. He's about to go into serious shock. Charlene curls
text: over, sobbing.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (to Bernie)
dialog: You sure you still want to be good
dialog: for it? Because if you want to change
dialog: your mind, I don't blame you.
text: Bernie looks over at Mikey. He stares up at his father,
dialog: trembling.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: I'll make it up to you, Pop, I
dialog: swear...
text: Bernie holds his son's gaze for a beat. He's almost tempted
text: to... He just shrugs and nods at Shelly.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: It's on me.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: That's the worst fucking call you
dialog: ever made in your life.
text: ON NATALIE at that moment. We can tell she agrees with
dialog: Shelly... but thinks all the more of Bernie for it. That
text: might even be love in her eyes.
text: Shelly snatches his baseball bat up off the floor. Walks
text: over to Mikey, and brings it down full force, pulverizing
text: Mikey's left kneecap. Oh man, the scream...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: What are you doing?! I thought we
dialog: had --
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: 150 G's buys their lives. This is
dialog: just a little slap on the wrist to
dialog: remember me by.
text: Natalie turns her head. She's about to throw up. Larry
text: watches, unflinchingly. Charlene is making with some serious
dialog: pleading now.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Oh god... it wasn't my idea.
text: Shelly steps up to Charlene, tapping the base of the bat in
text: the palm of his hand. He smiles reassuringly at her.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: You know, motherhood is a beautiful
dialog: thing. This... you made a mockery
dialog: out of it. Maybe you'll get to
dialog: experience it for real one day.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: (nods, sobbing)
dialog: I want... to be a mother... please
dialog: don't hurt me...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: I'm not going to hurt you.
text: Shelly turns his back on her. Charlene starts sobbing relief.
dialog: They're not going to hurt her. It's going to be all right.
text: Wrong. Shelly throws the bat to Lou. The heavy steps up to
text: the plate (as we RACK FOCUS to Shelly walking away) --
text: CRUNCH!!! followed by the girl's SHRIEKS. Natalie buries her
text: head in Bernie's shoulder.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (to Tony and Lou)
dialog: Get 'em outta here. You ever see
dialog: them in this joint again, kill 'em.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (to Bernie and Natalie)
dialog: You two, you're still on shift.
text: Shelly catches Larry's eye: I hope you were taking notes.
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bernie's seated on the edge of his bed, drowning his sorrows
text: with a bottle of gin. Moonlight paints him in jail bars of
text: shadow. Natalie lingers in the b.g.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I did this to myself. I planted the
text: seed. When Angela took off with Mikey,
dialog: I didn't... I never made an effort
dialog: to get back in his life. I figured,
dialog: the kid don't need a loser for a
dialog: father. Now it's all come full circle.
dialog: I give him the money, I open the
dialog: door to all this... I musta had it
text: coming. Payback.
text: Natalie's hand lowers the needle onto the Sinatra record.
text: "Nice 'n' Easy" starts up.
text: She walks over to Bernie, takes the bottle away. Helps him
text: to his feet.
text: He gives himself over to her reassuring embrace. Natalie
text: raises Bernie's face to her's.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Bernie, it's a big world out there.
dialog: If you just took off -- if we took
dialog: off.
text: Bernie shakes his head. It's too late for that now.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - LATER - NIGHT
text: Natalie staring up at the ceiling, Bernie nuzzled against
text: her. Her features appear softer than ever. Luminous in the
text: moonlight. Realization moist in her eyes.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You awake, Bernie?
text: He grunts something inaudible.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I -- think I love you.
text: Bernie tenses up. Huh?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No, I don't think. I'm pretty certain
dialog: of it.
text: Bernie raises his head, not quite sure he heard her right.
text: Natalie sits up, hugs her knees. Bernie finds himself staring
text: at her back.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You blind-sided me, Bernie Lootz. I
dialog: never saw this coming. You shouldn't
dialog: do that to a girl.
text: Bernie reaches out, caresses her back. She emits a shiver...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: There's still things you don't know...
dialog: should know... I don't want to ruin
dialog: it...
text: Bernie pulls Natalie back toward him.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: It won't make any difference, Natalie.
dialog: Whatever you come clean about, I'm
dialog: not gonna feel any different about
dialog: you. I'd say the words, but with my
dialog: luck...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Say 'em anyway. To hell with rotten
dialog: luck. That's overs.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I love you, Natalie.
text: Natalie smothers her lips against Bernie's. He enshrouds her
text: in his arms. Fade out...
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Fade into SOFT FOCUS. Slowing taking form... A CAT'S FACE
text: seen in extreme close-up.
text: WIDER -- to reveal the cat resting on Bernie's chest. She
text: MEOWS as he stirs awake. He's stunned to see her there.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Trixie?
text: The cat jumps off his chest and slinks over to her empty
text: food bowl. Meows again. Bernie breaks into a wide smile.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Trix. You came back.
text: Bernie shields his eyes from the bright sunlight streaming
text: in through the blinds. Huh? This is a first for him. He's
dialog: never gotten direct sunlight in his room before. What's the
dialog: deal? Did the world just turn on its axis?
text: He glances over his shoulder... No Natalie. Just her
text: impression in the sheets. And a note on her pillow. For a
text: moment his heart stops. He conjures up the worst. Grabs up
text: the note, unfolds it.
text: We see a lipstick kiss and the words: HAVE A SPECTACULAR
speaker_heading: DAY!
text: Bernie lets out a joyful whoop! Leaps out of bed...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS - DAY
text: CLOSE-UP: Trixie eating some tuna out of her bowl. We hear
text: the record player needle drop on "Luck Be A Lady." Cut to:
text: Bernie's feet gliding around the room... PAN UP to Bernie
text: dancing with himself. He's positively aglow. He snatches up
text: a salt shaker and sings along with Sinatra. It's true --
dialog: love makes the world go around. It obviously also gives life
text: to dead plants, as evidenced by the small bulb that has sprung
dialog: up overnight above his radiator. But we won't dwell on that.
scene_heading: INT. SHANGRI-LA HOTEL AND CASINO - DAY
text: Bernie struts into the casino a changed man (still to the
text: tune of "Luck Be a Lady"). Even his limp seems less pronounced
text: as he greets fellow workers as they pass.
text: He catches a glimpse of himself in a wall mirror. Maybe for
text: the first time, he likes what he sees. In the reflection he
text: notices Natalie smiling at him. He meets her eyes. She averts
text: them quickly, keeps walking.
scene_heading: INT. SHELLY'S OFFICE - THAT MOMENT
text: Shelly watches Bernie from the video monitor. He appears
text: less than delighted over Bernie's sunny disposition. He picks
text: up the phone, dials.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yeah, it's me. Get Bernie over to
dialog: crap table six.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Per usual, Bernie walks up to the bar, asks for a cup of
text: coffee. Doris slides it over.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Got any cre --
text: Before he can answer, Doris hands him a container of cream.
text: A full container. Taken aback, he starts pouring it into his
text: cup, when he hears a VOICE over the intercom:
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Lovett, party of six, your table is
dialog: ready, Lovett, party of six.
text: Bernie looks to Doris.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Duty calls.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - MONTAGE - MOMENTS LATER
text: A -- Bernie arrives at a hundred dollar blackjack table just
text: in time for the dealer to bust out. The crowd goes crazy!
text: B -- Bernie takes a break by leaning up against the side of
text: a slot machine. Suddenly, the woman playing it hits a jackpot.
text: C -- Everywhere he seems to go, people continue to win.
text: D -- Bernie, despite the spooky irony, can't help but smile
text: as mountains of chips pile up on the tables. Shelly appears
text: behind him. Not a happy camper. He gestures Bernie to follow
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO SLOTS AREA - NIGHT
text: They head over to a section of slots. As they pass one of
text: those huge million dollar slots, the FLOOR MANAGER cuts in
text: front of them.
speaker_heading: FLOOR MANAGER
dialog: Hey, Shelly, check it out. The new
dialog: Mega-Million. I call her Marnie,
dialog: 'cause she's one frigid broad. Sure,
dialog: once in a while she'll flash you a
dialog: bit of tit, but your chances of
dialog: hitting a home run -- one in twenty
dialog: million. Here, give her a shot...
text: He hands Shelly a cup of quarters, takes off. Shelly looks
text: to Bernie. He's trying to keep a lid on his anger.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (feeding Marnie
dialog: quarters)
dialog: You wanna tell me what's going on
dialog: out there?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I don't know...
text: Shelly pulls the lever.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: What do you mean...
text: Marnie immediately spits out a small jackpot.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (reacts with surprise)
dialog: What do you mean, you don't know?
dialog: We're down almost a mil out there.
dialog: Doesn't seem strange to you?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Guess I'm having an off day.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: You don't have off days, Lootz. You're
dialog: shitty luck incarnate. What's wrong?
dialog: You coming down with something? You've
dialog: got this look about you...
text: Shelly starts feeding Marnie again.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Nothing's wrong. Fact is, I've never
dialog: felt better.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: She loves me, Shelly. She told me
dialog: last night. Natalie.
text: On the mention of Natalie's name, we hear a shrieking SIREN,
text: followed by a deafening toll of slot bells. Shelly's just
text: landed the million dollar jackpot. Shelly stares at the slot
text: in surprise -- then looks over at Bernie. Realization hits
text: hard. Fuck! The floor manager staggers over. His expression
dialog: is priceless.
speaker_heading: FLOOR MANAGER
dialog: Sweet Jesus... you popped her
dialog: cherries.
text: SEVERAL CASINO WORKERS have gathered to witness the
text: deflowering of Marnie. They gaze reverently upon her, as if
text: witnessing the "Close Encounters" mothership for the first
text: time. Shelly drags Bernie out of earshot.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Natalie? She told you, she loves
dialog: you?
text: Bernie nods, a huge grin wrenching his cheeks apart. He's
text: about to go helium on us.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Natalie's serving drinks to a table of high rollers, when
text: Tony and Lou appear behind her...
scene_heading: INT. SHELLY'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: The door to Shelly's office slams behind Natalie. Shelly
text: glares at her from behind his desk. We see him thumbing his
text: steel abacus. The beads drifting toward the center. Natalie
text: shakily lights up a cigarette.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Put that fucking thing out!
text: Natalie, startled, drops her cigarettes. She kneels to gather
dialog: them up.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: You should be. You've gone and fucked
dialog: it up big time. I paid you to be his
dialog: cooze companion, not his fucking
dialog: true love. But, no, you had to go
dialog: and get all profound on the poor
dialog: schmuck.
dialog: (mimics female voice)
dialog: "I love you, Bernie." You know what
dialog: you've gone and done, sweetheart?
dialog: Those four little words of endearment
dialog: have already cost this casino a
dialog: million and counting today.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I don't understand...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (jumps to his feet)
dialog: Lady luck. You never heard'a lady
dialog: luck?! That's what's goin' on out
text: there. Lootz is Kryptonite on a stick.
dialog: He should have 'em throwing ice cubes
dialog: out there, but instead I got a fuckin'
dialog: meltdown on my hands.
text: Shelly walks around his desk to Natalie.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: OK, here's what's gonna happen. You're
dialog: outta his life by the time he gets
dialog: home. Don't even tell him to his
dialog: face, just leave a note. I'll make
dialog: some calls, situate you at another
dialog: joint.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I can't do that.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (right in her face)
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: It wasn't an act. I meant it. I love
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (close to losing it)
dialog: What's there to fuckin' love? He's a
dialog: loser. Always has been, always will
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I thought you were his friend...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: And I thought you were a smart cookie
dialog: when I picked you out. You do not
dialog: want to fuck me over, darlin'. I'll
dialog: see to it that your next John's a
text: rattlesnake out in the desert. Now
dialog: get the fuck outta here.
text: Natalie rushes from the office in tears. Shelly closes his
dialog: eyes for a moment -- gotta keep it together.
scene_heading: INT. SHANGRI-LA CASINO - NIGHT
text: Bernie approaches some cocktail waitresses about to go off
dialog: duty.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hi. Any of you seen Natalie around?
dialog: I'm supposed to give her a ride home.
scene_heading: COCKTAIL WAITRESS #1
dialog: I think she left already. She wasn't
dialog: feelin' too good. We been covering
dialog: for her.
dialog: Off Bernie's expression: Oh...
scene_heading: EXT. LUCKY STAR MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Bernie's Buick pulls into the lot. He parks, heads for his
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bernie enters. Flips on the light. No Natalie.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (calls to the bathroom)
dialog: Natalie? You in there?
text: No answer. He heads over. Finds it empty. Concern spreads
text: across his features. He glances around the room. Notices the
text: closet wide open. Natalie's clothes missing.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Natalie.
text: That's when he catches sight of the note taped to the dresser
text: mirror. He rushes over, rips it off.
text: I'M SORRY BERNIE. I GUESS IT JUST WASN'T IN THE CARDS FOR
scene_heading: US. TAKE CARE, NATALIE.
text: Bernie slumps to the floor in disbelief. Starts to tremble.
text: Then rocks back and forth, wracked by stifled sobs. Christ,
dialog: make it stop hurting...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - LATER
text: Bernie seated at the foot of the bed, drinking bourbon from
text: a solitary glass. He's almost gone through an entire bottle.
text: He glances down, notices a pair of Natalie's stockings
text: sticking out from under the bed. He brings them up to his
text: face. Breathes her in, only to exhale a sorry breath.
scene_heading: INT. SHANGRI-LA CASINO - BAR - NIGHT
text: Bernie stops at the bar for a cup of coffee. Doris starts to
text: pour the cream... whoops... empty. Bernie shrugs. Par for
dialog: the course. Time to go to work.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - NIGHT
text: We see Bernie back in top form. Forget Mr. Cool, he's turned
text: into Mr. Freeze with a vengeance. The high rollers are facing
text: a nuclear winter on the floor thanks to Bernie.
speaker_heading: SERIES
text: A -- A man with a fresh bankroll sits at a card table full
text: of hubris. Bernie pulls up a chair next to him.
text: B -- We see a crowd of players hovering over a busy craps
text: table. The cheerful congregation turns sour as the dice are
text: flung. Players groan as they jettison the table, leaving
dialog: just Bernie...
text: C -- We see a dealer pull a six card twenty one as players
text: sit with twelves and thirteens. They sit stunned as their
text: money is swept away. The same man with the hefty bankroll
text: unclips the last of his green. He throws it over to the dealer
dialog: to change in.
text: D -- Larry, roaming the floor, is visibly disturbed by
text: Bernie's cooling ability. It's something he can't quantify
text: and it unsettles him. He glances up toward Shelly's
text: observation window, knows the man is gloating.
text: Good call. From behind the glass, Shelly lights up a stogey.
dialog: Hint of a smile. You go, Bernie.
scene_heading: INT. PARADISE LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: Johnny Cappella rocks the house. PAN ACROSS to Shelly and
text: Bernie seated in Shelly's booth. Shelly is in a jovial mood,
text: while Bernie is a portrait of misery.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I want you to tell me the truth,
dialog: Shelly. Did you say something to
dialog: Natalie? Did you muscle her --
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Jesus, Bernie, is that what you think
dialog: of me? That I would fuck with your
dialog: happiness? That hurts.
text: Bernie shrugs an apology, shifts his gaze to Johnny Cappella.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: This guy's all flash. No soul. I
dialog: miss Buddy. Place isn't the same
dialog: without him.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Buddy was tired. I gave him an easy
dialog: out. It coulda been a lot worse...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (confused)
dialog: You gave him an easy out? What are
dialog: you talkin' about? I thought he...
text: Shelly looks almost... tortured. Something he needs to get
text: off his chest.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: He woulda never taken the buy-out
dialog: offer. Buddy woulda stuck to his
dialog: guns, no matter what. And they woulda
dialog: ended up hurting him. I couldn't let
dialog: that happen.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Jesus... you... How can you sit here
dialog: and justify it? Like you were Dr.
dialog: Kevorkian or something?
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Listen to me, you dumb fuck -- I
dialog: loved that sonofabitch. But his time
dialog: was up. What I was supposed to do,
dialog: leave him to those corporate wolves?
dialog: What I did, it was the humanitarian
dialog: thing. That I have no doubt about.
dialog: Afterwards, I held him in my arms
dialog: and I cried like a fucking baby.
dialog: What? You got this look -- what's
dialog: this fucking look?
text: Off Bernie's shocked expression --
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bernie sits watching TV, a bottle of Ten High next to him on
dialog: the bed. Same religious channel. This time it's a mass baptism
text: taking place on some river bank. He's about to doze off,
text: when he hears a light rapping on the door. He cocks his head,
text: not sure if it's the booze talking.
text: Bernie throws open the door --
text: Natalie standing there. A lonely angel framed in the doorway.
text: Suitcase at her feet. 24 carat tears glistening in the dark.
text: They just stare at each other for an extended beat. Then
text: Natalie stumbles into Bernie's arms. Clingwraps herself to
text: him. Bernie squeezes his eyes closed. Holds on for dear life.
text: It's a different kind of pain now; one that hurts so good.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON NATALIE
text: from over Bernie's shoulder. There's a bittersweet look about
dialog: her. Nothing good can come of this. But that's tomorrow. A
text: long ways off.
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S BEDROOM - LATER
text: Bernie and Natalie lie in each other's arms. Bernie seems at
text: ease. Natalie eyeballs the ceiling, smoke wisping up from a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Bernie? You awake?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Let's just take off.
text: Bernie looks over at her.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I mean it. Let's just pack up and
dialog: go. Tonight.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (closes his eyes)
dialog: I can't do that. I've got an
dialog: obligation to Shelly. There's no --
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Fuck Shelly. He doesn't give a shit
dialog: about you. Let's just climb into
dialog: your car and get the hell out of
dialog: here.
text: Bernie cuts her off.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I can't do that, Natalie. They'd
dialog: come after me. And because you were
dialog: with me... I wouldn't want that on
dialog: me.
text: Natalie finishes her cigarette. Well, she's made her bed.
text: Bernie starts nuzzling her. She turns away.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Just hold me.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - DAY
text: Shelly looking on as a high roller cleans up at craps. With
text: Bernie standing right there next to the guy.
text: Which only seems to make it worse, as Bernie's presence spurs
text: the player on to an even bigger win.
text: Bernie has that goofy "my heart is full" look about him.
text: Which can mean only one thing in Shelly's book. The man looks
text: about ready to split an atom. We see Larry hovering nearby
text: with a smug grin. Off of Shelly's enraged expression...
scene_heading: EXT. LUCKY STAR MOTEL - DAY
text: Lou's black Oldsmobile pulls into the parking lot. Shelly
text: and the boys climb out, head for...
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOTEL COURTYARD - DAY
text: Natalie's sunning herself at the pool. The only other people
text: around are a middle-aged couple and a young boy.
text: Shelly (slipping on his leather gloves), followed by Lou and
text: Tony, strides purposefully up to Natalie -- no hellos, nothing --
text: just grabs her by the hair...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hey! Ouch! What are you...?
text: He drags Natalie over to Bernie's room, kicks the door open,
text: shoves Natalie inside...
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Shelly throws Natalie onto the bed. Lou closes the door and
text: draws the blinds.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You got no fucking right...!
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: What did I tell you?! What did I
dialog: fuckin' tell you?!
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I tried... I couldn't...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: I don't give a fuck!
text: Shelly heads over to the closet, rips it open, pulls out a
text: suitcase. He starts throwing Natalie's clothes into the case.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: You're gone, sweetheart. History.
dialog: Kiss paradise goodbye.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (hysterical)
dialog: I can't leave! I won't! I love him.
dialog: Doesn't that mean anything to you,
dialog: you heartless fuck?
text: Shelly stops packing. He grabs Natalie up off the bed, starts
text: smacking her around.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Who the fuck do you think you are?
dialog: You ain't nobody! I could make you
dialog: disappear like this...
dialog: (snaps his fingers)
dialog: And nobody would ever notice you
dialog: were gone. Nobody!
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Bernie would! I got friends! You
dialog: don't fuckin' own me. You got no
dialog: right --
text: Shelly lifts Natalie up, throws her across the room into the
text: dresser mirror. SMASH! She crumbles to the floor, glass
text: showering her. Natalie grabs up a shard, rushes Shelly with
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Fuck you!
text: She slashes Shelly across the arm. Ouch, fuck! Before Tony
text: and Lou can make a move, Shelly ensnares her wrist -- snaps
text: it backwards -- AARRRRGGHHH!!! Shelly snatches up the shard,
text: shoves her back on the bed. We see her terror reflected in
text: the jagged glass against her cheek...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: You fuckin' cunt...
text: He slices her cheek open.
text: Tony and Lou look on with mutual expressions: Shelly's getting
text: a little carried away here.
text: Shelly staggers to his feet...
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: You think that's bad? That's just a
dialog: taste, bitch. You're still here when
dialog: Bernie gets home and I'll finish the
dialog: job. I'll cut you into so many fuckin'
dialog: pieces, the vultures'll be trading
dialog: on you for a month.
text: Shelly reaches into his jacket, pulls out a wad of bills.
text: Throws them at Natalie.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Here... go get yourself some cosmetic
dialog: surgery.
text: Shelly gestures to Tony and Lou. They exit the room, leaving
text: Natalie sobbing into one of Bernie's pillows.
scene_heading: EXT. LUCKY STAR MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Bernie parks. Heads for his room. He's about to reach for
text: his key, when he realizes the door is slightly ajar. He pushes
dialog: his way into...
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: ...darkness.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Natalie.
text: Bernie fumbles for the light switch...
speaker_heading: NATALIE (O.S.)
dialog: No, don't. I've got a headache.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (closing the door)
dialog: Did you take something? I got some
dialog: aspirin in the --
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Yeah. I already took something.
text: There's just enough moonlight in the room for Bernie to make
text: out Natalie curled over on the bed. As he approaches, he
text: trips over Natalie's suitcase on the floor.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Ouch!
text: He cuts himself on a splinter of shattered glass as he
text: staggers to his feet. Which draws his attention to the mirror.
text: Moonlight glows off the edges. That's all there is -- edges.
text: On the dresser: his bottle of Ten High. Empty.
text: Confused, Bernie fumbles his way over to Natalie on the bed.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Natalie, what happened? The mirror...
text: He reaches out to touch her face... instead his hand makes
text: contact with a lump.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Natalie.
text: He jerks back, flips on the nightstand lamp.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Bernie, no! Shit...
text: Bernie chokes at the sight of her. She clutches a bloody rag
text: to her cheek. Blood on the pillow... blood on the sheets...
dialog: And tears.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Oh Jesus... Natalie, who did this to
dialog: you? We need to call the police...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I love you, Bernie. I just want you
dialog: to know that. I fell in love with
dialog: you. That wasn't part of the plan. I
dialog: thought... easy money...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Shelly. He paid me to get next to
dialog: you. To keep you around. Whatever it
dialog: took...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Shelly?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You got it right the first night. I
dialog: was for sale. Bought and paid for.
dialog: You were the easy mark, Bernie.
text: Bernie slumps down on the edge of the bed. Sucker-punched.
text: Trying to make sense of it.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: At first you were just another John.
dialog: But then I started to take a closer
dialog: look. For the first time, here was
text: someone who wasn't trying to hustle
dialog: me. Wasn't pretending to be somebody
dialog: he wasn't. Just a decent guy trying
dialog: to get back on track. And it didn't
dialog: hurt any that you put me up on a
dialog: pedestal. It sure puts the gutter
dialog: into perspective...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (still in disbelief)
dialog: Shelly...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Shelly wants me gone. He says I bring
dialog: you luck. Lady luck. I stayed... to
dialog: tell you to your face... and then
dialog: you wouldn't want me no more... and
dialog: I could just go...
text: Bernie stands shakily.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: We gotta get you to the hospital.
dialog: We'll talk about this later.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Just tell me one thing, Bernie. Tell
dialog: me there's gonna be a later.
text: Bernie doesn't answer her.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - EMERGENCY ROOM WAITING AREA - NIGHT
text: FADE IN on Bernie's hunched over figure, waiting on Natalie.
text: He tugs at his car keys as he wrestles with his emotions.
text: Natalie's betrayal has finally sunken in. The man's in pain.
dialog: His natural instinct is to just take off. Run. Fuck Natalie.
dialog: Fuck Shelly. Fuck this whole goddamn town.
text: Suddenly he looks up. A couple of people pass by in front of
text: him... and then there she is. Standing a few feet away, face
text: patched-up, arms clutching herself, not sure whether to
dialog: approach him or not.
text: The sight of her just breaks Bernie's heart. He stands slowly,
text: legs like jelly -- and in that instant it's all so clear to
text: him. He walks over, forgiveness in his eyes, contrition in
dialog: hers.
text: She tries to say something. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Ssshh.
text: They embrace with an intensity that threatens to merge their
text: atoms into a single being.
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Bernie drives down a quiet Vegas street. It's spooky.
text: Almost too quiet. All the lights are green as they cruise
text: into the night.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Tell me again, Bernie. Tell me it's
dialog: all gonna be okay.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Everything's gonna be fine. This is
dialog: our time. This is you and me and
dialog: we're going for it.
text: Natalie leans over and kisses him. As she does so, she catches
text: sight of her face in the mirror. Starts to tear up.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You look in the mirror, you don't
dialog: like what you see, don't believe it.
dialog: You look in my eyes. That's the only
dialog: mirror you gonna need. Look in my
text: eyes, Natalie.
text: She looks into Bernie's eyes. Sees the most beautiful girl
text: in the world. Tears roll down her cheeks.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I love you. Marry me?
text: Off Natalie's startled reaction...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOLY ROLLER WEDDING CHAPEL - NIGHT
scene_heading: A NEON SIGN READS: "HOLY ROLLER WEDDING CHAPEL. OPEN 24
dialog: HOURS."
text: BOOM DOWN as Bernie carries Natalie out of the chapel, their
dialog: lips fused together.
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Bernie and Natalie burn down the highway. The lights of the
text: big city just a glimmer in the rearview.
text: Up ahead, a billboard reads: THE SHANGRI-LA HOTEL AND CASINO.
text: TAKE A GAMBLE ON PARADISE.
text: TIGHT on Bernie. His expression turns grim. Natalie picks up
text: on it. She shakes her head. Silently pleading: Bernie, no.
text: Bernie tries to shrug it off. But the spectre of Shelly sits
text: firmly on his shoulder. There's no escaping him. We see Bernie
dialog: fighting it. Losing. SHIT!
text: In the next instant, Bernie pulls a quick U-turn across the
text: middle shoulder, starts back toward Vegas.
scene_heading: EXT. CASINO PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Bernie pulls into the parking lot. Kills his lights.
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S BUICK - NIGHT
text: Bernie reaches for the door. Natalie grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You don't have to do this, Bernie.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Yeah, I do. I have to tell him right
dialog: to his face. I will not look over my
dialog: shoulder for the rest of my life --
dialog: our lives.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Bernie, your chart... that first
dialog: night. I wasn't being straight with
dialog: you. It's the worst chart I've ever
dialog: seen. There's nothing in the cards
dialog: for you. I'm scared...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Don't you see, that was before you
dialog: opened your heart to me. Everything's
dialog: different now. I got lady luck on my
dialog: side. Ain't nothing gonna happen to
dialog: me.
text: Natalie shakily opens her purse, pulls out a handful of
text: hundreds. Pushes the money at Bernie...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: It's three thousand dollars. Take
dialog: it. Maybe Shelly'll accept it as a
dialog: down payment. We can send him the
dialog: rest in installments... after we get
dialog: settled.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I don't think --
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Take it.
text: Bernie stuffs the cash in his jacket. Climbs out.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Whatever happens, I --
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (abrupt)
dialog: I know, Bernie.
text: She turns away. Stares out the window, tears streaming down
text: her cheeks.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (sotto; gentle)
dialog: I know.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Bernie makes for the Paradise Lounge. SPLIT SECOND FLASHBACK
text: as he imagines Shelly laying into Natalie. Fast cuts.
text: Reverberating sound echoes. Just the fuel Bernie needs to
text: make his stand. By the time he arrives at
scene_heading: INT. PARADISE LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: He's practically foaming at the mouth with rage. He barges
text: in to find Shelly at a table in agitated conversation with
text: Nicky, Larry and Marty. They fall silent, realizing something
dialog: is wrong.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Bernie, what's the matter? You look
dialog: a little fucking spooked.
text: Bernie throws something in Shelly's face. It's that bloody
text: rag Natalie was holding to her cheek. It lands on the table
text: in front of everyone.
text: Shelly swats it away with disgust. Jumps to his feet. WHAM!
text: Bernie slugs him one. As Shelly doubles over, Bernie gets in
text: his face.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You lay another finger on her, I
dialog: swear to God I'll kill you. You hear
dialog: me? I'll fuckin' kill you!
text: Shelly's goons quickly move in, grab Bernie. Drag him away.
text: Shelly composes himself, turns to his guests.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Will you excuse me for a moment?
text: He rushes off. Nicky shoots Larry a resigned look.
scene_heading: INT. SHELLY'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Lou shoves Bernie inside. Bernie kisses floor. Shelly strides
text: past, leans against his desk. Bernie slowly drags himself to
text: his feet.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (a hoarse whisper)
dialog: Why? Why, Shelly?
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Because you never give up a good
dialog: thing, Bernie. You are a good thing.
dialog: The best fuckin' cooler there ever
dialog: was. And I need him back.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: He ain't never comin' back.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
text: That's a dead man talking.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I'm through with this joint, Shelly.
dialog: Natalie and me, we just got married.
dialog: We're outta here. I'll get a job out
dialog: there in the world. Send you half my
dialog: paycheck every month. Make good on
dialog: my obligations.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (gets in Bernie's
dialog: face)
dialog: You try to walk on me, Bernie, and
dialog: I'll fuckin' bury you. The both of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I don't think so.
dialog: Shelly's expression: Oh yeah?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You whack me, then Bernie Lootz ain't
dialog: the world's biggest loser no more.
dialog: That honor's gonna fall upon you,
dialog: Shelly. And maybe you had it all
dialog: along.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: What the fuck? Me? I'm the loser?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: What you got? What do you got in
dialog: your life besides this joint?
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: What the fuck more do I need?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You got nothin', Shelly. This place --
dialog: your legacy -- it's a mirage. You
dialog: turn your back and it don't even
dialog: exist. There's no day, there's no
dialog: night, it's all just one big fuckin'
dialog: blur and it don't count for nothin'!
text: Shelly looks to Tony and Lou:
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: You believe this fuckin' guy?
text: Bernie gets eye-to-eye with Shelly. A first.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I feel real sorry for you. Yeah, you
dialog: got this fear of germs thing. But it
dialog: goes deeper than that. You can't get
text: close to no one. On an emotional
dialog: level. You're the worst kind of
dialog: gambler there ever was: too scared
dialog: to put his chips on the table. Too
dialog: scared to open his heart... to extend
dialog: any real kinda friendship. Always
dialog: afraid it's gonna end out in the
dialog: desert. Well, sweet fuckin' dreams,
dialog: pal, 'cause I'm out and if that's
dialog: where it ends, that's where it ends.
text: Bernie turns his back on Shelly, strides over to the door.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: That's a real heartfelt speech, Lootz.
dialog: All that Jimmy Stewart in ya face
dialog: intensity. You almost sold me.
dialog: (massages his throat)
dialog: Man, I've got a fucking lump in my
dialog: throat.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But it still don't change things.
dialog: You bail on me without making good
dialog: on my 150 G's and I'm gonna be forced
dialog: to close the books on you. You and
dialog: the broad. You leave me no choice.
text: Bernie turns, looks at Shelly. Shelly's dead serious. They
text: hard stare each other for a beat. Bernie doesn't say anything.
text: At least, not out loud. His eyes do all the talking: "I guess
text: you leave me no choice either." HOLD on Bernie's steely
dialog: resolve.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: This could be the opening of the film -- Bernie standing
text: with his back to us, facing the gold elevator doors. Murky
text: reflection. The floor lights ascending fast...
text: The doors open and the soundtrack goes SILENT. SLOW PUSH IN
text: on him as he takes in the action -- a gladiator about to
text: enter the Coliseum. Something comes alive in his eyes. A
text: spark of determination. This is not the expression of a loser.
text: CLOSE-UP as his foot steps onto the casino floor --
text: An explosion of amplified CASINO WALLA shatters the previous
dialog: silence.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - NIGHT
text: We follow Bernie as he wanders through the casino like he's
dialog: done a thousand times -- but this time with conviction.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - CRAPS TABLES - NIGHT
text: Bernie steps up to an empty table, throws down the whole
text: three grand onto the felt.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Change only...
text: The CREW working the table stop down as they realize who it
text: is. The table is dead. Bernie couldn't be needed. The croupier
text: slowly gathers up the green, hands it to the boxman.
speaker_heading: CROUPIER
dialog: Check change three thousand.
text: The boxman counts the cash.
speaker_heading: BOXMAN
dialog: This a pleasure cruise, Bernie?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You could say that.
speaker_heading: BOXMAN
dialog: Well, it'll be a short one. Table's
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: CROUPIER
dialog: It is now, anyway.
text: The others chuckle. The boxman counts out the chips; they're
text: given to Bernie. He places them all on the passline.
text: The stickman pushes over the dice. Bernie picks a couple.
text: He throws....
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Yo Eleven! Pay the line.
text: Bernie picks up his three thousand dollars in winnings. He
text: lets it ride. The table quickly fills up with hungry players.
text: Bernie throws the dice again...
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Winner seven!
text: Bernie is now paid six thousand dollars on his pass line
dialog: bet.
text: The other players also collect their winnings. They can feel
text: something in the air.
text: Bernie, forehead beaded with sweat, rubs the felt a little
text: before he picks up the dice. He throws...
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Six easy. Easy way six!
text: Bernie takes double odds on his bet. The boxman isn't sure
dialog: what to do. Does he stop him? Does he dare?
text: In the b.g., people gather to watch the action. Whatever it
text: is, it's catching. The table next to them bursts into
dialog: applause.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR  MONTAGE - NIGHT
text: A -- Close on a slot machine as it pays out. The woman grabs
text: the payout feverishly.
text: B -- A group at the blackjack table cheers as the dealer
text: busts out.
text: C -- The line at the cashier cage gets longer and longer.
text: -- CHIPS. Stacks and stacks of chips, being meticulously
dialog: counted.
text: D -- A quick shot of a roulette ball dropping into number
text: twenty-one. The dealer slowly puts the marker atop a large
text: stack of chips in the twenty-one square.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - CRAPS TABLES - NIGHT
text: A shot of the faces of frenzied dice players waiting for the
text: outcome of the throw. Followed by a thunderous release as
dialog: the point is made.
text: In the center of it all. Bernie Lootz. His rail is nearly
text: full of chips. The other players pat him on the back and
text: shake his hand as the croupiers busily pay the line.
text: He's a winner. And it's infectious. He's gone and
text: "contaminated" the entire casino. The slots are ringing out
text: of control. CHEERING. WHOOPING. MOANS of delight. This much
text: excitement threatens to take the fucking roof off.
text: Bernie just gazes around in amazement. If only Natalie could
dialog: see him now...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Natalie... this is you...
text: Bernie takes a thousand dollars in chips, tosses it gently
dialog: to the croupier.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: For the boys.
text: The entire crew stop for a moment out of respect. Bernie
text: notices. They all nod as the boxman locks up the tip money.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Okay, we're coming out. Get your YO
dialog: bets, C&amp;E, any seven...
scene_heading: INT. SHELLY'S OFFICE - THAT MOMENT - NIGHT
text: Shelly sits alone in his office, nursing a glass of Scotch,
text: listening to some scratchy Chet Baker on the turntable. He
text: looks pre-occupied. Almost melancholic. Bernie's assessment
text: of his life having hit home.
text: Suddenly the door is thrown open. It's Tony...
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Shelly, take a look at number 4.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - CRAPS TABLES - MOMENTS LATER
text: Shelly wanders up slowly to find Bernie at the center of the
text: crowd. He steps behind the table into the casino pit to get
text: a closer look.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: (to the boxman)
dialog: How much is he up?
text: The boxman looks up nervously.
speaker_heading: BOXMAN
text: Around three hundred thousand.
text: Shelly mouths the words under his breath.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Why didn't one of you fucking geniuses
dialog: call me?
speaker_heading: BOXMAN
dialog: We tried. You weren't picking up.
dialog: Besides, it was Bernie.
text: The game resumes.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Alright. We're coming out folks,
dialog: hands high...
text: Bernie stops.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Wait!
text: Everybody quiets down to listen.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Color me up a hundred fifty thousand.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And give it to him.
text: Bernie points to Shelly standing in the pit. The crowd watches
text: the drama play out.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: That's what I owe you, Shelly. There
dialog: it is. We're square.
dialog: (to the table)
dialog: Let it be known, Bernie Lootz lives
dialog: up to his obligations.
text: The boxman colors up a hundred fifty thousand in chips, lays
text: them out on the table. He counts it and claps his hands
dialog: together for the cameras.
speaker_heading: BOXMAN
dialog: One hundred fifty thousand, coming
dialog: in.
text: Shelly stands motionless. Staring into Bernie's eyes. The
text: whole crowd watches. After what seems like an eternity, Shelly
text: nods. Then the Boxman feeds the chips in with the others. A
dialog: moment later, we can nary tell they were ever gone.
text: Larry appears next to Shelly. Nicky and Marty watching from
text: the sidelines -- dour expressions.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: What's the matter with you? He's one
dialog: of ours and he's taking us to the
dialog: fucking cleaners.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Lootz's off the clock. As long as
text: he's off the clock, he's free to
dialog: play. Just like every other schmuck
dialog: in this joint.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: It smells wrong. I'm shutting him
dialog: down. He's not leaving here with a
dialog: dime --
text: Shelly suddenly jabs Larry in the throat with the tips of
text: his fingers. Larry gasps, starts to cave. Shelly keeps him
text: upright, escorts him to a nearby men's room. Nicky and Marty
text: looking on in amazement.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The door flies open, Larry catapults into frame. OOF!
text: Bounces off the wall. Shelly's right behind him. He drags
text: Larry to his feet. Slams him into the wall again -- gets
text: right up in his face.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Now you listen real good, you Harvard
text: turd. Lootz is on the up-and-up. He
dialog: leaves here tonight with whatever he
dialog: comes out with. You so much as touch
dialog: a hair on his head and I'll fucking
dialog: wallpaper this joint with your ass.
dialog: Muted tones, right?
dialog: (slams him hard)
dialog: What's that? I don't hear nothing.
dialog: Wait a minute -- yeah, now I hear
dialog: it.
text: Blended in at a subsonic level.
dialog: Some kinda mantra: pain, pain, pain.
text: Shelly headbutts Larry. It's like the sound of a walnut
text: cracking. Larry slumps to the floor. Shelly takes a deep
text: breath. Control, control, control. He heads over to the sink,
text: washes his hands -- over and over. Larry moaning in the b.g.
text: Shelly adjusts his tie in the mirror. Control.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO FLOOR - CRAPS TABLES - NIGHT
text: Shelly exits the men's room, makes his way back to the craps
text: table where Bernie is. Just in time to see Bernie lay twenty
text: five grand on the pass line. A waitress hands a drink off to
text: Bernie. He takes a healthy swig. Then picks up the dice.
dialog: Throws.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Crap ace deuce! Line down!
text: The crowd gasps in horror as Bernie's twenty five grand is
text: quickly raked in. He replaces it with another stack of chips.
text: The dice are pushed over to him. He rubs the felt real gently
text: before throwing. Then lets loose the dice.
text: All eyes follow the dice. They hit the felt and bounce around
text: behind a stack of chips. The stickman can't spot them.
speaker_heading: STICKMAN
dialog: Call it.
text: A croupier makes the call as anxious players rubberneck to
dialog: get a look.
speaker_heading: CROUPIER
dialog: Twelve crap.
text: The crowd groans again. It appears the streak is over.
text: Bernie looks out over the felt. This is his moment of truth.
text: He unloads his entire rail and puts it on the field.
text: He yells out.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Fifty thousand dollars!
text: The crowd chimes in with every opinion under the sun.
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: On the field? What're you fucking
dialog: nuts?
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Don't do it!
speaker_heading: MAN 2 (O.S.)
dialog: Shake it, don't break it, baby!
text: The dice are slowly pushed over to Bernie. The crowd is
text: feeling it. The entire casino is feeling it. Bernie lets out
text: a long soulful sigh. His whole life depends on the next throw
dialog: and everyone knows it.
text: Bernie rubs the felt as usual and lines up the dice to show
text: a six and a six. He picks them up.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Come on sixty-six!
text: Locks eyes with Shelly -- then lets loose. The dice fly from
text: his hand. Slowly, ever so slowly we watch them sail across
text: the table. The entire table holds their breath in
dialog: anticipation...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGRI-LA HOTEL AND CASINO - MOMENTS LATER - NIGHT
text: Bernie throws open the doors, stumbles out. His limp seems
text: more pronounced. He wears a miserable expression.
text: At the car Bernie steps up. Opens the door, slides in behind
dialog: the wheel.
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Natalie throws her arms around him...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Thank God... I thought for sure...
text: Bernie just looks at her. Pale, mournful features.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: It's okay, right? You guys worked it
dialog: out. He took the three grand? Tell
dialog: me it's okay, Bernie?
text: He doesn't answer. Just starts up the car...
scene_heading: INT. SHELLY'S OFFICE - NIGHT
dialog: On the surveillance monitors: the epidemic continues --
dialog: players winning at every table. The Shangri-la's been wiped
dialog: out. There's no way they can cover this amount of winning
dialog: action.
text: PANNING ACROSS to Shelly. Defeated. The phone rings
text: incessantly in the b.g. Shelly ignores it.
text: Lou pokes his head into the office:
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Want me to get that, Shelly?
text: Shelly doesn't respond. He reaches into his desk drawer for
text: that bottle and a glass. Is about to pour himself a shot...
text: Fuck it. Pushes the glass aside. Takes it straight from the
text: bottle. The phone keeps ringing...
text: On the scale model of the newly proposed Shangri-la. Hold on
dialog: it.
text: WHAM! A chair enters frame, shatters "paradise."
text: WIDER: Shelly trashing the model with a vengeance. Kicking
text: the debris around the office.
text: Drenched in sweat, Shelly staggers over to his desk. Swats
text: the empty gin bottle to the floor. Picks up his disinfectant
text: spray, gives his desk one last wipedown. Immaculate.
text: Stands, walks out...
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT
text: We see the lights of the city receding in Bernie's rearview
text: mirror. Once outside of the city limits Bernie pulls the car
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: What are you stopping for?
text: Bernie throws open his door...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I think I'm gonna...
text: Throw up. And he does. It's as if he's choking up the entire
text: city. Everything that's bad about it. Finally, he pulls
text: himself back into the car. Slams the door.
text: Natalie touches his cheek, a reassuring look in her eyes.
text: Suddenly, he's smiling. He opens his coat and a huge wad of
text: cash tumbles out. He throws it up into the air. Natalie almost
text: chokes with surprise.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Bahamas, here we come, baby.
text: She throws her arms around him...
text: Suddenly an EXPLOSION OF LIGHT! A flashlight. In the hand of
text: a MOTORCYCLE COP. He raps on the window...
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Step out of the car please.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (lowers the window)
dialog: What's the problem, officer?
text: The cop runs the flashlight over the bundles of cash littering
text: the car interior.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Just step out of the car, please.
dialog: Both of you.
text: Bernie and Natalie exchange unsettled looks. The cop lowers
text: his hand to his gun. Bernie nods at Natalie. They climb out.
text: He directs them off to the side. Shines his light in their
dialog: faces.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: If my driving... if I was going a
dialog: little fast -- I was just over
dialog: excited, officer. See, we just
dialog: had a big win at the Shangri-la --
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: You didn't win nothing.
text: The cop pulls out his revolver, trains it on them.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. SHANGRI-LA UNDERGROUND PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Shelly opens the door to his Cadillac. Climbs behind the
text: wheel. His keys are already waiting in the ignition. Who's
dialog: gonna steal Shelly Kaplow's car, right?
text: Shelly doesn't start her up. He just leans back in his seat,
text: emits a deep sigh. He glances up at the rearview mirror.
text: Catches sight of a SILHOUETTE in the back.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. VEGAS HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Bernie and Natalie staring into the barrel of the cop's
text: revolver. Natalie clutches Bernie's arm. Bernie nods. So
dialog: there you have it.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Oh Jesus, Bernie, I knew it. It was
dialog: too good to be true. Who were we
dialog: kidding?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Get down on your knees. Both of you.
text: They look at him in shock. He gestures them to the ground
text: behind Bernie's car. We CUT TO a shot from the highway: just
text: the cop standing at the tail-end of Bernie's car, Natalie
text: and Bernie hidden from view.
scene_heading: ON BERNIE AND NATALIE
text: down on their knees. Bernie places his arm around Natalie,
text: pulls her close to him. Paralyzed with terror, she still
text: manages a bittersweet smile.
text: Bernie should be projecting fear, but there's nothing but
text: his overwhelming love for Natalie in his eyes. It's a two
dialog: way current.
dialog: This is their last moment together; everything that needs to
text: be said is being transmitted through a look. A look that
dialog: says: no regrets.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. SHELLY'S CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: Nicky leans forward out of the shadows. Shelly holds his
text: gaze in the mirror. Nicky just shrugs.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: The kid wants you should know, Shelly,
dialog: he's just protecting our investment --
dialog: the old school way. See you around.
text: Shelly nods. He knows the score... A flash of steel appears
text: against his head. Muzzle strobe -- THUP! So long, Shelly
dialog: Kaplow.
scene_heading: EXT. VEGAS HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The cop looms over Bernie and Natalie. Cocks his pistol.
text: Lowers the gun to the back of Bernie's head.
text: They appear oblivious to it. They're already in another place.
text: Sunning themselves in the Bahamas.
text: The cop squeezes back the trigger.
scene_heading: ON BERNIE AND NATALIE
text: still looking at each other. Suddenly the piercing shriek of
text: SCREECHING TIRES... followed by a reverberating, bone
dialog: crunching --
text: WHAM! -- and a GUNSHOT.
text: Bernie and Natalie still staring into each other's eyes, not
text: quite sure what's just transpired. Only that they're still
text: breathing. They look around, startled to see the tail lights
text: of a PICK-UP TRUCK about ten yards away. The cop, their would-
text: be assassin, rendered road kill beneath the wheels.
text: All this in the blink of an eye.
text: Natalie clutches Bernie's arm. Suppresses a hysterical, shock-
text: induced giggle. Bernie just looks dumbfounded. He staggers
text: to his feet, rushes over to the pick-up truck. The driver's
text: head is protruding through the shattered windshield.
text: Death-glazed eyes.
text: Bernie feels for the man's pulse just to be sure. Shakes his
text: head. We see a dozen Coors empties on the seat and floor of
dialog: the truck.
text: Natalie checks the cop. Likewise. Bernie comes over. They
text: regard each other breathlessly.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: He was drunk. It was just freak
dialog: luck...
dialog: (catches himself...)
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Don't give it a name, Bernie. It
dialog: scares me. All I know is, you're
dialog: still running hot and that's a good
dialog: thing. But we're only winners if we
dialog: keep going. No looking back.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Lady luck, Natalie. I'm calling it.
dialog: Lady luck. And we got it as long as
dialog: we're together. They can't touch us
dialog: now.
text: He kisses her furiously. Then drags her over to his car.
text: They climb in. Drive off.
scene_heading: EXT. VEGAS HIGHWAY/INT. BERNIE'S BUICK - DAWN
text: Bernie's Buick racing into the sunrise. Racing toward the
text: dream. Bernie, eyes fixed on the road ahead, with the
text: contented smile of a man who has gambled on love -- and won.
text: His prize, resting her head against his shoulder.
dialog: The money, well, that ain't half bad as well. A smoky, trumpet
text: driven Chet Baker-like piece accentuates the triumphant mood
text: on the soundtrack, as we SUPERIMPOSE...
scene_heading: INT. PARADISE LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: ...a little flash-forward into the future. Larry sits with a
text: group of CORPORATE TYPES.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Gentlemen...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I thank you for your vote of
dialog: confidence. As the Shangri-la's new
dialog: Director of Casino Operations, I'm
dialog: gonna make a personal guarantee to
dialog: each and every one of you. Your
dialog: investment in this casino will be
dialog: well looked after. The future looks
dialog: bright, gentlemen. Very, very bright.
text: They raise their glasses to him. Congenial smiles, one and
dialog: all. Smiles that don't transcend to their eyes. Promises,
text: promises. We'll see... DISSOLVING BACK INTO...
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S CAR - MOVING - DAWN
text: STARTING TIGHT on BERNIE and NATALIE speeding away from Sin
text: City, PULLING OUT and RISING above them (helicopter shot) as
text: we SUPERIMPOSE stock footage of all the old school casinos
text: being demolished. As we leave Vegas in the past... a Shangri-
text: la lost forever. Eulogized by Sinatra's LUCK BE A LADY.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
