speaker_heading: UNBROKEN
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Joel Coen & Ethan Coen
dialog: and Richard LaGravenese
dialog: and William Nicholson
dialog: Based on the book by Laura Hillenbrand
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN 1
text: We are panning, from high, a horizon that is water, all
text: water, a world of water. It is softly, warmly lit.
text: We are starting to hear the distant thrum of engines.
dialog: Our high sweep of the planet has brought into frame the sun,
text: big, red, rising, just at the horizon.
text: The engine noise approaches , louder, and is now
dialog: distinguishable as being many engines not one.
text: Our continuing pan brings into frame nine B-24’s in combat
text: wing assembly, speeding toward us.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE THE LEAD AIRCRAFT 2
text: Close on the pilot, RUSSEL ALLEN PHILLIPS—"“PHIL"”.
text: Droning engines. Phil’s head bobs with the motion of the
dialog: plane.
text: The copilot: HUGH CUPPERNELL. Scanning the sky for enemy
dialog: aircraft.
text: The top turret gunner: STANLEY PILLSBURY.
text: He looks out: his view to one side, of the accompanying
text: planes on his wing, pans forward, over his own plane’s
text: cockpit and nose, to the ocean before us.
text: A point-of-view straight down at whitecaps racing underneath
text: US a The view is through the hatchmarks of a sight of some
dialog: ind.
text: Extremely close on a blinking eye.
text: Close on the bombardier, LOUIE ZAMPERINI. He raises his head
text: from his Norden bombsight, looks forward through the belly
text: bubble, squints at something dead ahead.
text: Above him, nose gunner ROBERT MITCHELL scans the sky.
text: Back to Phil, the pilot. He also reacts to something dead 3
dialog: aheaa.
text: His view: a small island in the middle of the vast ocean.
text: He speaks into his radio:
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: We. . . are. .. here.
text: Cup reacts, tensing after many soporific hours of flying.
speaker_heading: 1A
speaker_heading: CUP
dialog: At eight thousand feet; this is it
dialog: boys.
text: Stanley at the helm of his twin .50’s.
text: MAC, the tail gunner in firing position.
text: CLARENCE DOUGLAS and HARRY BROOKS, waist gunners, are ready.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You hit this one and drinks are on
dialog: me.
text: Louie: His look drops back down into the bombsight.
text: Through the bombsight: the point-of-view starts straight
text: down, then tips slowly up to bring the oncoming island into
text: the crosshairs.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I ain’t goin to a bar with you
dialog: “dame magnet”. You confuse all the
dialog: broads.
text: There is a landing strip on the island. Planes are parked to
text: the side of the landing strip. However nine zeros are
text: suddenly moving on the runway. Taking off one by one...
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (radio voice
dialog: Ya got it, Louie?
text: Louie is squinting down into the sight.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Get your cameras boys, I’m gonna
dialog: light it up like Christmas!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Pilot to bombardier, your ship.
text: Phil flips a switch.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Bombardier to pilot, roger.
text: The sky becomes a fury of color, sound and motion.
text: Louie keeps his focus below.
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
text: Bombardier to crew, bomb bay doors
dialog: open.
text: We look down past racked bombs as the bay doors swing open,
text: showing ocean below.
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: Bay doors open.
scene_heading: WITHIN MOMENTS... 4
text: BANG! Superman is rocked by a flak explosion.
text: The sky fills with flak puffs and the plane rocks with shock
dialog: waves.
text: The CHUNK-CHUNK-CHUNK of holes being punched into the
dialog: fuselage.
text: Stanley gripping his machine guns, pivots his turret as the
text: plane | ucks. He can see nothing except white puffs of flak
text: ursting close by.
text: Louie is being bounced around, he loses the target, he tries
text: to find it again, staying focused.
text: Dull BOOM—the bomber on his wing breaks apart in its mid-
text: section and falls away trailing smoke.
text: Louie’s look follows the bomber as it falters, and disappear
text: under Superman's wing.
text: At last, Lou has his aim.
text: Louie releasing bombs. Looking down through the bay as the
text: bombs fall away.
text: A knot of planes and structures beside a runway EXPLODE.
text: The Superman passes over a set of red-roofed barracks and an
text: antiaircraft battery, Lou's second and third target. He
text: lines them up and watches the bombs crunch into the buildings
dialog: and battery.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: (quietly to himself)
dialog: There you are...
text: Louie takes a deep breath and takes aim. He fires. The bomb
text: falls” clear and Lou turns the valve to close the bomb bay
dialog: joors
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
text: Bombs away. Bombardier to pilot,
dialog: your ship.
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: Pilot to bombardier, roger.
text: Outside there is a pulse of white light and an orb of fire:
text: Lou made a perfect drop.. the shack was a fuel depot which
text: further destroys the island's phosphate.
speaker_heading: PHIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Just like Christmas.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERMAN 5
text: Superman turns toward home. Planes behind begin to follow
dialog: suit.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMAN 6
text: Louie watches as a vast cloud of smoke billows upward.
text: When the smoke clears-- A Zero is flying aggressively right
text: towards the Superman. Right toward Louie.
text: Mitchell (above Louie) begins to fire. The Zero fires back.
text: Louie reacts as bullets pierce the bombardier’s bubble. He
text: tenses, not sure which way to lean, in the completely exposed
text: space. Mitchell’s bullets hit the Zero.
text: Louie grabs a photo taped to the now-broken glass and jams
dialog: it in his pocket. (We will later know the importance of this
text: picture) He grumbles as he starts crawling out of the belly:
text: Louie crawls out from his position into the center of the
dialog: plane.
text: Mac is firing at two Zeros.
text: Harry is firing at another.
text: Stanley is firing at a couple more.
text: Suddenly- CRACK. A bullet hole opens in the bubble just
text: behind his head. He turns.
text: A Zero is on his other side bearing in on him at 45 degrees,
text: guns firing.
text: Much firing, inside and out. Bullets chink through the metal
dialog: of the plane.
text: Stanley keeps firing.
text: Below him, as he’s kneeling he sees Zeros through the open
text: bomb bay doors. More bullets pierce the plane. Bullets fly
text: from the plane. We see the Belly Gunner in the suspended
text: bubble in a fire fight with a Zero.
text: Bullets pierce the bubble.
dialog: 5-6
text: Louie grabs the medical bag and climbs across the catwalk to
dialog: get to the Belly Gunner.
text: More gunfire. Harry fires laterally. BOOM!— a cannon round
text: strikes nearby and the concussion slams his head against the
text: wall. His goggles shatter.
text: He reaches up to take off the goggles. Bullets from his
text: target plane stitch him up. Harry’s down. (end slow motion)
text: Louie races toward him, pulling him away from his station to
text: the opposite wall.
text: As he stabilizes Harry and administers morphine, Louie
text: notices Mac at the tail gun shooting down a Zero. He also
text: sees Douglass-- leg shot and bloody but he stands strong and
text: shoots back.
text: Louie straps Harry down and makes his way back to the front
dialog: of the plane.
text: BAM!— a very big explosion— a hole rips open in the side of
dialog: the plane.
text: Cockpit: Phil struggles to right the plane. 7
text: Plane: Stanley recovers his target and fires.
text: Bullets streak through the Superman from every direction.
text: Sea and sky are now visible throughout the prane-- 9 gashes
text: everywhere. Bullets fly. Each moment the holes multiply.
text: Louie looks up.
text: Stanley, in the top bubble, looks intently out, hands tensed
text: on Gans o ready for a target to appear. One of his legs is
text: shredded.
text: He keeps shooting, not missing a beat.
text: In the rectangle of exterior view a Zero enters from aft,
dialog: climbing.
dialog: 10
text: Pillsbury bangs the high speed rotator of his turret. The
text: turret grunts to life, whirling Pillsbury around ninety
text: degrees. The Zero reaches the top of it’s arc, leveling off
text: and speeds directly towards Superman.
text: Pillsbury can see the pilot who could end his life. Pillsbury
text: sucks ina sharp | breath and fires. He watches the tracers
text: skim away from his guns muzzle and punch through the cockpit
text: of the Zero. The windshield blows apart and the pilot pitches
text: forward. The Zero folds onto itself like a wounded bird.
text: All quiet, except for wind whistling through all the
text: different-sized holes punched all over our aircraft.
text: Suddenly, the last Zero comes up from below, the sound of gun
text: fire, and the Zero falters and falls. Clarence Douglas,
text: standing at the waist gun with his thigh, chest, and shoulder
text: torn open, brings it down.
text: Louie looks down.
text: Through the slit of the bay doors, not yet fully closed, the
text: Zero spiraling away.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 8
speaker_heading: OMITTED 9
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT 10
text: Louie enters.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
text: Everyone’ s shot up. Not sure
dialog: Harry’s gonna make it.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Okay. We’re still flying. But we
dialog: have no hydraulics.
speaker_heading: CUP
dialog: We got no flaps. So, basically, we
dialog: got no brakes.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: How far to base?
speaker_heading: CUP
dialog: Five hours. If we can make it that
dialog: far. The runways over six thousand
dialog: feet but we’re gonna need 10,000
dialog: without brakes.
text: Louie looks back into the damaged plane. The light streaming
text: through the bullet holes, cutting through the smoke.
speaker_heading: A VOICE:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: God made two great lights. .
dialog: 11
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: - . . the greater light to rule the
dialog: day, and the lesser light to rule
dialog: the night.
text: Close on Louie’s eyes-
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH 11
dialog: Those same beautiful blue eyes.
text: The voice continues over the cut, now in the church-- its
dialog: live context.
speaker_heading: PRIEST’S VOICE
dialog: -.. . And God set them in the
dialog: firmament of the Heaven
text: Feet swinging under a pew. They don’t reach the ground.
text: pouie, age 12, bored in church, jiggling, looking down at his
dialog: eet.
speaker_heading: PRIESTS VOICE
dialog: ...to rule over the day and over
dialog: the night and to divide the light
text: from the darkness.
text: WHAP!— a hand enters frame and smacks the fidgeting boy. He
text: looks up at:
text: His father, ANTHONY. He gives a reproving look and a gesture
dialog: for the boy to look forward, pay attention.
text: A hiss from Louie’s other side-- his mother LOUISE.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: Tonio!
text: She is giving Anthony a look: don’t do that!
text: Anthony returns Louise’s look with one of his own: What? He
dialog: was misbehaving!
text: Louie looks from one to the other, then back up at the
dialog: Priest.
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: eee Now these things, light and
dialog: dark, ht and day, they are
dialog: separate from each other.
text: Louie’s eyes travel across the candles to a statue off to the
text: side, down to a beautiful young woman and the cross on her
text: neck. But below it... a hint of her cleavage. His POV then
text: travels down to a great pair of legs.
text: WHAP!—the hand re-enters to smack the boy.
text: His father again. An insistent gesture for the boy to look
text: forward, pay attention. Past his father are his two sisters,
text: SYLVIA and VIRGINIA, smirking at him for getting whacked— and
text: his older brother, PETE.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: -_. « God placed them each in its
dialog: lace. God did not create a battle
dialog: etween them. He said, I’ve
dialog: created both of these things.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: You must live through the night,
dialog: not do battle with it, for the
dialog: night also is mine. . .
dialog: 
text: Louie looks up, his attention now held by:
text: The large Christ crucified, at the back of the altar.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: - -_. And he sent his son Jesus—not
dialog: to do battle. Not to go to war
dialog: with the sins of man, but to
dialog: forgive them. ..
text: Back to Louie, now looking at the Christ with some interest.
text: But his head turns at the sound of the priest’s raised voice--
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: - . . to accept the dark, live
dialog: through the night, forgive the sin,
text: smile upon the sinner.
dialog: (then, softer)
dialog: “Love... thine... enemy.”
text: Louie stares back at the priest.
speaker_heading: OFFICER COLLIER (0.8)
speaker_heading: ZAMPERINI!
dialog: 12
dialog: Al3
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 12-15
scene_heading: EXT. TORRANCE STREETS 12
scene_heading: CLOSE ON OFFICER COLLIER-
speaker_heading: OFFICER COLLIER
dialog: ZAMPERINI! I know it’s you.
text: Louie is running.
text: Officer Collier chases him around the corner and into the
text: back alley behind the shops.
scene_heading: EXT. TORRANCE -DAY Al3
text: Louie is chased by Officer Collier. (Close on his legs - we
text: can hear the change in his pockets.)
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY 13
text: Louie running down a second alley and out the other end,
text: across the street, and disappearing into the bushes.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN TRACKS 14
text: Louie comes bursting out of the bushes towards the train
text: tracks. Past an old truck kicking up dust.
text: He turns the corner and looks back. He’s safe. No Officer
text: Collier in sight.
text: Louie slides into a corner near an old, defunct, small
text: building. His hide out. His stash. It’s very impressive.
dialog: Magazines - Jars of keys, coins, and other goods he’s
text: lecting. He unloads the new change from his pockets and
text: Separates them into jars.
text: He closes and covers his stash.
text: He then takes a “milk bottle” and unwraps the rubber bands
text: and cloth cover and takes a drink. He digs a wooden match out
text: of a pocket and pulls the end of his belt out of its loop.
text: He bends the belt-end back to expose a striking surface stuck
text: to its underside, strikes the match h, and lights a cigarette
text: with deep sucks as he tucks the belt-end back under its loop
dialog: and sits.
text: He looks at the billboard up near the chain link fence. (A
text: soap ad. A pretty blonde blue eyed American woman and son. A
text: sweet angel of a son.) He’s lost in thought.
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: 12-15A
text: Suddenly NICKY and THE BULLIES are there.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Look who's here. What are you doin
dialog: wop?
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: BRUTTA BESTIA!
speaker_heading: BULLIES
dialog: (laughs, mocking)
scene_heading: BRUTABRUTTABAATATATA...
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Go back to italy. You and your
dialog: greasy wop family
text: Louie swings. Nicky swerves out of the way. He punches Louie
text: to the ground.
text: Louie is defiant-- he gets Up: Nicky is surprised. He punches
text: him again. Louie starts to get up.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay down you dumb dago.
text: Louie gets up and throws his whole body into Nicky. The
text: fight. The other boys jump in to pull Louie off. Louie is
text: swinging like mad.
text: Suddenly, he is pulled back. Officer Collier has caught him.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - ZAMPERINI HOME - LATE DAY 15
text: His thick hand on the back of Louie’s neck, Officer Collier
text: escorts Louie back home. He carries the “milk bottle”.
speaker_heading: OFFICER COLLIER
dialog: The only reason you're not in
dialog: reform School now is because of the
dialog: respect we have for your parents.
dialog: Everybody in town wants you put
dialog: away.
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: 12-15B
text: Louise opens the door to find Louie being held by the scruff
text: of his neck, by a fed up Officer Collier. Pete, stands next
text: to her. He knows what the picture means, having seen it
dialog: efore.
speaker_heading: OFFICE COLLIER
dialog: Sorry Louise. He was fighting
dialog: again.
text: Pete translates into Italian for his mother. Officer Collier
text: waits, then continues:
speaker_heading: OFFICER COLLIER
dialog: And we found this. He...painted the
dialog: bottle. It’s liquor. God only knows
dialog: where he got it. He won't say.
text: Pete translates again. Louise looks from him to Louie. She
text: smells the bottle. The next exchange in Italian:
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: Liquor! Toots? What did you do? Why
dialog: would you do this?
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I don’t know.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - ZAMPERINI HOME - NIGHT 18
text: Louie, as his father spanks him hard with a belt strap.
text: Again, Louie’s expression is stoic, taking his punishment.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: (In_ Italian)
dialog: How could you do this?! What are
dialog: you doing to this family?
dialog: What do I work for? To pay for
dialog: food, for a house! How could you do
dialog: this? (beat ) They don’t want us
dialog: here anywa y! And now you do this!
dialog: You'll 1 our mother with worry.
dialog: You'll kill her. (beat) You want
dialog: to go to jail? Do you?
text: Anthony stops. As an Italian father, he’s angry one second,
text: then he feels badly about the spanking. He loves his son but
text: doesn’t know how to handle him. Louie looks at him defiantly.
text: Louise stands in the doorway, concerned and heartbroken.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 19
scene_heading: INT. ZAMPERINI HOME - DUSK 16
text: Close on eggs breaking. Flour sifted. Milk poured.
text: Louie watches from the top of the stairs as his mother makes
text: gnocchi in the kitchen.
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: 12-15C
text: They are poor and the tins are almost empty but she scrapes
text: the very last of every ingredient into the bowl and makes
dialog: magic.
scene_heading: INT. LOUIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 20
text: With the lights out, Louie sits on his bed near the open
dialog: window.
text: Across the hall, with the doors just open enough, he can see
text: that his mother is saying her prayers before bed.
text: We hear Mrs. Zamperini's voice, somewhat muffled. The
dialog: Italian we hear is subtitled:
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: Mother Mary please watch over my
dialog: family. And watch over Louie.
dialog: 16-17
text: It is hard to read Louie's expression. But he is listening,
text: jaw set.
dialog: 23
dialog: 18
scene_heading: EXT. BLEACHERS, TORRANCE HIGH SCHOOL - DAY 23
text: In the shadows, under the bleachers - Louie, has a hideout
text: here. He looks out through the planks at the track.
text: The school track team is out training watched by a small
text: gaggle of girl fans. Pete is one of he runners.
speaker_heading: TORRANCE GIRLS
dialog: Go, Pete! Yay, Pete! Come on!
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 19-22
text: Louie’s eyes follow Pete as he runs. Pete’s always the one
text: who gets the applause.
text: Louie pulls up a plank to reveal another secret stash.
text: Cigarettes, matches, “milk” bottles, gum. He pops open a
text: bottle and continues to watch the race.
dialog: And of course, no boy under bleachers doesn’t enjoy a bit of
text: the view up at the girls.
speaker_heading: MINUTES LATER — 24
text: THUMP! THUMP! Boots clumping towards him. Through a gap in
text: the planks he sees a figure bearing down on him.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Someone down there? Who’s down
dialog: there?
text: Louie bursts out the back of the bleachers and runs like the
text: wind. Out onto the track, hurtling past the training team.
text: Pete sees him go by and lopes to a stop, astonished. He
text: watches Louie run out of sight.
dialog: Close on Pete-
speaker_heading: OMITTED 25
speaker_heading: OMITTED 26
speaker_heading: OMITTED 27
scene_heading: EXT. TORRANCE STREET - DAY 28
text: Orange blossom tree-lined street. Pete on bicycle. He pedals
text: forward as we reveal Louie running ahead of him.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: This is so dumb.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Since when were you so smart?
dialog: (beat) Come on. Faster!
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Why? No one’s chasing me.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I’m chasing you.
dialog: 23
text: Louie is struggling. He comes to a stop, panting.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Can't do this, Pete. I’m not like
dialog: you. I’m nothing. Just let me be
dialog: nothin.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: What are you talkin about?
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I can’t make a track team. I don’t
dialog: even know why you want me to...
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Yes, you can.
dialog: If you can take it you can make it.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: If you can take it you can make it.
dialog: You train and you fight harder than
dialog: those other guys. And you win. You
dialog: get out from under em. Or, you keep
dialog: going the way you're going, you'll
dialog: end up as a bum on the streets. You
dialog: can do this Lou. You just gotta
dialog: believe you can.
text: Louie looks at his brother. He wants to believe he can do it.
text: He’s scared.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I don’t believe.
text: Pete looks into his little brothers eyes.
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: 23A
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I do.
text: Louie considers. He sets off running again. Pete follows
text: behind. Louie’s running more steadily now, finding his
dialog: rhythm.
speaker_heading: PETE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Faster.
scene_heading: EXT. TRACK FIELD, TORRANCE HIGH SCHOOL - DAY 29
text: A starter’s pistol BANGS! In close shot.
text: High school track meet. Louie trying out.
text: Pete watching, stands next to a middle-aged man holding a
text: stopwatch, both of them relaxed, arms on the rail.
text: Louie starts near the back of the field.
text: He gains, steadily.
text: Pete inclines his head to the man next to him, eyes still on
text: the race. The others pull away from Louie. He’s scowling as
text: he runs. Another runner just ahead of him turns and shoots
text: him a mocking grin.
text: Pete calls out.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Brutta bestia, you dumb dago!
text: Louie wakes up. He decides to do his thing. He starts to belt
text: over the course.
text: Pete and the Coach watch as he catches up with the rest of
dialog: the runners.
text: Louie piles on the pressure. He overtakes the runner who
text: grinned at him.
speaker_heading: _.. PETE (CONT’D)
dialog: Go, Louie! Go!
speaker_heading: A30
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 24
text: Louie hears him as he runs and kicks it up another gear. He
text: flies past the leaders. As he hits the straightaway to the
text: finish line, Pete and the coach straighten from the rail,
text: tensing, absorbed, as Louie flies toward their position at
dialog: the tape.
scene_heading: EXT. TORRANCE STREETS - DAY A30
text: Louie is running. Pete is peddling.
text: This time Pete pushes to keep up. He looks ahead. Louie has
text: run off. A huge distance between them. Pete smiles.
speaker_heading: OR
text: Louie is training hard. He runs as if his life depends on it.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 30
speaker_heading: OMITTED 31
scene_heading: EXT. TREE-LINED STREET - DAY 32
text: Young Louie running as the sun begins to rise. CLOSE ON
scene_heading: LOUIE’S LEGS-—
scene_heading: EXT. TREE-LINED STREET - DAY 33
scene_heading: CLOSE ON LOUIE’S LEGS - As he runs, we see his LEGS TRANSFORM
text: from a scrawny kid’s into a young man’s. Louie’s grown up to
text: be? tall, muscular, handsome, 18 year old, confident and
dialog: athletic.
scene_heading: MONTAGE OF MILE RACES OVER SEVERAL MONTHS:
scene_heading: EXT. TRACK FIELDS - DAY 34
speaker_heading: 24A
scene_heading: BANNER READS: TORRANCE TRACK AND FIELD MILE RACE.
text: - FIRST RACE: Louie and the runners are in the last lap, with
text: Louie in the lead, running across the finish line.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER ONE (V.O.)
dialog: Boy oh boy can that guy fly...
text: - Pete clicks the stopwatch as Louie wins. His parents and
text: the Torrance girls cheer.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER ONE (V.O.)
dialog: ..-They're calling him the Torrance
dialog: Tornado. I like the sound of that!
dialog: 35
dialog: 37
dialog: 25
text: - SECOND RACE: Louie runs, gaining a longer lead. 35
text: In the bleachers: Anthony, Louise, Sylvia, Virginia, and more
text: Torrance girls. Louise can hardly watch she’s so nervous.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER TWO (V.O.)
dialog: I tell ya, this kid Zamperini runs
text: like his feet never touch the
dialog: ground...
text: At the finish line, same result: Louie crosses alone, and
text: Pete, at the rail, clicks a stopwatch.
text: He is even happier than the last result.
text: - Louie’s fan base has doubled. They stand and cheer for
text: Louie, who waves at his family. A BEAUTIFUL YOUNG BLONDE
text: catches his eye. She smiles. More cameras. Flash bulbs
text: popping. Louie still unsure of them.
scene_heading: - THIRD RACE: 37
text: Louie running.
text: His point-of-view: the field ahead. Other-team runners,
text: three of them, are in front of him.
text: Louie, running. Gaining.
text: The three runners seem to be drawing together in front of
text: him. But the two wings are falling back slightly.
text: Louie, among the three runners. They are boxing him in.
text: Their feet. Flashing legs.
dialog: 38
dialog: 26
text: The field ahead. No way out. Foreground blocked up, no
dialog: space.
text: Their feet. The runner to Louie’s right stomps on Louie’s
dialog: right foot.
text: Louie staggers, off balance. Anthony sees his son stumble.
text: The runner just in front of Louie, glancing back, slowing up.
text: Legs. Cleats, from the runner just in front of Louie, rake
text: his shin, drawing blood.
text: Louie, reacting, stumbles-- then tries to move outside.
text: Point-of-view: his father in the stands through a gap in the
text: runners and ahead: upcoming turn.
text: Louie has an opening. He gives it all he’s got and pushes
dialog: through
text: His legs, huge strides, right shin bleeding.
text: Louie in front now, increasing distance between himself and
text: the other runners. Anthony and Louise are on their feet.
text: Final straightaway. More speed.
text: Crossing the finish line: after Louie passes, a pan down to
text: spattered blood on the white line.
text: Pete checks the stopwatch, He throws his hat down with pure
dialog: excitement. They’ve done it!
speaker_heading: LA TIMES REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: The “Torrance Tornado” — smoked the
text: mile in 4:21.3 seconds, Zamperini
dialog: is now officially the fastest high
dialog: school runner in American history.
dialog: Folks, this kid is on his way to
dialog: Olympics!
text: Euphoric cheers and flash bulbs take us into the next scene.
scene_heading: EXT. TORRANCE TRAIN STATION, 1936 - DAY 38
text: Flashbulbs from the press.
text: The entire town of Torrance has shown up at the train station
text: to see Louie off. They carry signs reading WIN IT FOR
scene_heading: TORRANCE and TORRANCE TORNADO IN BERLIN.
dialog: 27
text: Louie walks with Pete down to the train. Pete finds it hard
dialog: to let him go.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Wish you were coming.
text: Pete smiles.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Why would I come? You’re not going
dialog: to win.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Sure. I know that. It’s alright,
dialog: this is only a try out for me
dialog: anyway. Four years’ time, next
dialog: Olympics, that’s when I’1l show’em.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Tokyo.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Tokyo!
dialog: 39
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Smart kid. Enjoy yourself Lou. Say
dialog: hi to the pretty German broads.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: You know it.
text: He gives his brother a hug. Louie hold on tight.
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks Pete. For everything.
text: Louie doesn’t want to get too emotional, so he gets on the
dialog: train.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: A minute of pain is worth a
dialog: lifetime of glory. You remember
dialog: that. Go get em!
text: All of Torrance is waving as the train pulls out of the
text: station. As Louie’s family grows smaller in view, the sound
text: of the train becomes the sound of a plane’s roaring engines-—
scene_heading: INT. B-24 - MORNING 39
text: Louie is standing in the tail of the screaming B-24. The
text: parachute packs are tied to the .50 cal mounts. Louie holds a
text: cord in each hand. He and the others prepare to crash land.
text: Shouted over the engine and wind:
speaker_heading: PHIL’S VOICE
dialog: We're coming in pretty hot! 120!
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 29
text: Harry, leaning back where we left him, eyes open, weakly
text: responding. Mac at his side.
text: In the cockpit: Phil works the yoke. Shrieking wind bumps up
text: at the cut. The damaged plane wants to flip. Even Cup’s
text: strength can’t help keep it level. They struggle. Phil
text: final puts his feet on the yoke and puts his weight into it
dialog: to hold it level. (He really did this)
text: His point-of-view: landing strip rushing up, lined by parked
dialog: planes.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 40
scene_heading: INT. PLANE 4l
text: Phil at the yoke.
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: Still too fast.
dialog: Cup looking from Phil, back to:
dialog: Louie tensed.
dialog: Cup yells back:
speaker_heading: CUP
speaker_heading: ALMOST—
text: A jolt as the plane touches.
scene_heading: EXT. LANDING GEAR 42
text: Touching. Smooth at first. One wheel is round, the other
text: totally flat, its action erratic. All hell breaks lose.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE 43
text: Phil: inside a paint-shaker. Fighting the steering.
text: Louie: launched into the air. Chute ripcords fly from his
text: hands and drop away.
scene_heading: EXT. LANDING GEAR 44
text: The flat wheel now digging in like a plow-blade. Its grab
text: starts to spin the plane.
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: A51
dialog: 30
scene_heading: INT. PLANE 45
text: Phil thrown to the side.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANE 46
text: Landing gear churns up chunks of macadam_ that
text: hammer—THUNGKTHUNGK-THUNGKTHUNGK-the belly of the plane.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE 47
text: BLUNGBLUNGBLUNG-—the plane, drummed by divots, resonates like
text: a gong—Louie grabs for catwalk rail.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY 48
text: Nose of plane spinning—toward planes parked at side.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE 49
text: Louie a pinball.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY 50
text: Plane spinning to a halt, off-kilter—scant feet from parked
dialog: planes.
text: Landing gear, smoking, half-dug in, a crazy curve gashed into
text: the ground behind. It comes to a halt.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMAN A51
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Okay.
text: Hardly a reaction for a man who just successfully landed a
dialog: plane under such circumstances. Gotta love Phil.
dialog: 51
scene_heading: INT. PLANE
text: From aft Louie heads for Harry, as do Phil and Cup from
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Flat tire-
speaker_heading: 30A
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: A52
dialog: 52
dialog: 31
text: As Louie approaches Harry he realizes he is dead. Louie and
text: the others share a moment of silence.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH RUNWAY - DAY A52
text: Hours later - Louie stands alone in front of the remains of
text: the Superman. The light of late day blasts through the 594
text: bullet holes in the plane. Looking at it now, it really is a
dialog: miracle it landed.
text: Louie notices Phil off in the distance sitting alone on the
dialog: beach
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY 52
text: Phil sits in the sand, facing the surf, forehead pressed to
text: hands clasped together, his attitude dévotional.
text: Behind him, sirens and activity from the crash-landing of one
dialog: minute ago.
text: Louie, wobbly, walks up and, seeing Phil’s attitude, takes a
text: respectful beat.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Now you’re praying?
text: A small smile:
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Busy before.
text: Louie drops to the sand next to him.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: My mother does that.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: A lot of people do this.
text: Long beat, Louie looking at Phil, who has dropped his head
text: back down’to his knucklés and cléses his eyes. The beat of
dialog: sur
text: Louie watches with interest. Finally:
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: He say anything back?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (good-natured, as he
dialog: starts to rise)
dialog: Uh-huh. He says my bombardier’s a
dialog: dope.
dialog: 53
scene_heading: EXT. HAWAII
dialog: Sunrise.
text: High shot: a small figure below is
text: forested mountain road, high above
dialog: é
text: ogging on a densely
dialog: he sea.
speaker_heading: 31A
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 32
text: Pulling him: Louie. An opened-top jeep rounds the curve
text: behind him. As it overtakes, we see Cup is driving:
text: Lou tosses Cup the stopwatch he just pulled out.
text: Cup hits the button to start it.
speaker_heading: RUNNING 54
text: Montage: lateral, and pulling, and trailing Louie. Through
dialog: beautiful countryside, Unlike the track meets we have seen
text: heretofore, this run is completely peaceful. Sun through
text: leaves, bird calls, the regular HUFF of the runner and CLOMP
text: of his footfalls.
text: Cup: looking from Louie to his odometer.
text: Odometer: mile-tenths turning over.
text: Louie accelerating.
text: Cup’s foot on the accelerator—a gentle push.
text: One last surge from Louie, faster still. He tilts his neck
text: back, looking up.
text: Tropical canopy. Sun strobing through the leaves.
text: Finally: last mile-tenth turns over. The rain forest canopy
text: ends at a high curve in the road, revealing an endless
text: expanse of sea below.
dialog: Stopwatch hit.
text: Cup: he slows the jeep and toots the horn to signal Louie
text: that the mile is up. Louie slows to a jog.
text: Cup looks at the stopwatch.
text: Louie has slowed to a panting walk. The jeep eases up to
text: him. Cup throws the stopwatch for Louie to read. They share a
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: CUP
dialog: Damn shame they cancelled the Tokyo
dialog: Olympics.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Musta heard I was commin.
text: Shouting off from a_ distance. Louie and Cup turn to see Phil,
text: Mac, and a jeep full of crew driving toward them. Mac
text: shirtless in sunglasses with a cigarette-
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 33-34
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Wrap it up speedy. We got a
dialog: mission.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Not a combat mission. Rescue.
dialog: - . . B-24 took off about noon
dialog: yesterday.
dialog: - »- . En route to Canton, and then
dialog: Australia. Except they never made
dialog: Canton. Never heard from him after
dialog: takeoff so it’s assumed they
text: ditched.
speaker_heading: CUP
dialog: That’s a lot of ocean.
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: (gesturing to the men in
dialog: he back}
dialog: It is. (BEAT) They got us some new
dialog: crew.
text: Louie looks at the new young faces. THE ENGINEER, GLASSMAN
dialog: and Others.
speaker_heading: _ LOUIE
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: Do we get a new plane?
dialog: Off Phil’s look:
speaker_heading: OMITTED 55
scene_heading: EXT. PLANE - DAY 56
text: At the cut the engine noise pops in: straining, rattling,
text: like an overstuffed coffee-grinder. The Green Hornet.
scene_heading: INT. GREEN HORNET 57
text: Phil flying, looking out. Cup next to him.
speaker_heading: CUP
dialog: Feels like sittin in the living
text: room trying to fly the house.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: They've been taking spare parts off
dialog: this thing for other planes. I’m
text: surprised it’s still got an engine.
dialog: 58
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: CUP
text: Lieutenant says it’s airworthy.
dialog: “It's been certified,” he says.
speaker_heading: LOUIE ON RADIO
dialog: ...By Helen Keller.
text: Bombardier’s bubble: Louie is scanning with a pair of
text: binoculars.
text: His point-of-view: like the first shot in the movie, but
text: rougher: panning a lot of water. The pan strobes, slows,
text: quickens again; becomes hypnotic.
text: Louie drops the binoculars, blinks his eyes, raises the
text: binoculars again. Into his radio:
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Lot of ocean.
scene_heading: ANSWERING RADIO VOICE
dialog: Lot of ocean.
scene_heading: INT. GREEN HORNET - SECONDS LATER 58
text: The cockpit, as Louie crowds in and hands the binoculars to
dialog: Cup.
speaker_heading: CUP
text: So a duck walks into a bar.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: CUP
dialog: Or waddles. If you will. Okay,
text: the duck walks into a bar. He
dialog: says, gimme a creme de menthe--
text: A THUNK initiates shuddering.
speaker_heading: , CUP (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoa!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Whoa there!
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: What is it?
dialog: so
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM WAIST
dialog: What do we got?
text: Pilot and copilot are looking intently at gauges, adjusting.
speaker_heading: CUP
dialog: Okay. Number one is out. Other
text: engines are burning more fuel.
text: Louie looks out the left window. Violent shaking.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Gotta feather it.
speaker_heading: CUP
dialog: Yeah, yeah. (Calling out) Hey!
dialog: Engineer. Come to the cockpit and
dialog: feather the engine.
text: ENGINEER appears. (We will not identify this crew member by
dialog: name out of respect for the family as his mistake was partly
dialog: responsible for the crash and many deaths.)
text: Pilot and copilot are both working controls.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: Which one?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Left!
text: He looks out the window.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: One or two!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: More on the right!
speaker_heading: CUP
dialog: That’s all we got on the right!
text: The Engineer flips a plastic guard with four featherin
text: buttons and due to the shaking he hits button #2, NOT hh.
text: The plane lurches violently.
speaker_heading: CUP (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn it!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Okay.
text: The plane is spiraling.
dialog: 59
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: CUP
dialog: Everything on the right!
text: Phil pushes the two working engines full on.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Is this—
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Prepare to crash!
text: Louie bolts from the cockpit. 59
text: The waist: men are struggling into Mae Wests. The shaking is
text: getting more violent still. Glassman climbs up from the belly
dialog: urret.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Crash positions! Glassman!
dialog: No-radio guy! Mitchell?
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: Yeah!
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Radio our position!
text: Cockpit: Cup fighting the stick. The wind shrieks around the
text: plummeting aircraft.
speaker_heading: CUP
dialog: This is it.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Okay.
text: Waist: Louie is dragging a pack from under a bulkhead.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Glassman—provision box.
speaker_heading: GLASSMAN
dialog: Yeah got it! Getting it!
text: Louie, hugging the pack to his chest, sits behind a bulkhead.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Okay guys! We can make it! Anyone
dialog: on the rafts?
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 39
text: The Engineer, feeling responsible, has taken position right
text: behind the cockpit with his hand on the overhand raft-release
dialog: handle.
text: The Engineer nods with his hand firmly on a latch.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: Yeah. I got it!
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN HORNET 60
text: Silent. Wide. The plane, a small speck, heading toward the
text: vastness of the water.
scene_heading: INT. GREEN HORNET 61
text: Cockpit: Screaming wind. Cup at yoke. Water surface rushing
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: PHIL
speaker_heading: Brace—
text: Louie with his head forward. As if in prayer —
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN OLYMPIC STADIUM, 1936 - DAY 62
text: At the cut - Louie with his head down taking a deep breath.
text: He lifts his head, bringing us into the stadium.
dialog: 
text: Far off there’s a man speaking from a balcony-- surrounded by
text: guards and officers.
text: We are in a huge stadium.
text: Louie glances round, taking it all in.
text: The dream is realized.
text: The man on the balcony stands and makes a gesture ‘Sieg
dialog: Heil’!
text: Arms are thrust up in the foreground — and back, deep into
dialog: the background.
text: A sea of people, saluting.
text: Louie looks around at the flags. Germany. Italy. The stars
text: and stripes. Near it, a white flag with a red circle. Japan.
text: Louie looks, to his side, at the Japanese athletes. One
text: notices his look, smiles. Louie smiles back.
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 40
text: In this moment it all looks so stunning to him. Unity and
text: pride. He notices a handsome African American man on the
text: American team. He studies him, how focused he is.
speaker_heading: OLYMPICS RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
text: In an astounding performance, Negro
dialog: American Jesse Owens from Ohio
dialog: State.
text: We intercut the Zamperini home, listening to the games:
scene_heading: INT. ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN 63
text: Pete, Louise, Anthony and his sisters listen to the Olympic
text: Games on the radio.
speaker_heading: OLYMPICS RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: ..-has won four Gold medals for the
dialog: hundred meter, the two hundred
dialog: meter, the long jump and the four
text: hundred meter relay. Next up, the
dialog: five thousand meter with Americas
dialog: record breaking Don Lash leading
dialog: the American team...
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC STADIUM - DAY 64
speaker_heading: OLYMPICS RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Along with newcomer Louie Zamperini
text: Louie, in close shot, lowers his head, looking at the ground,
text: breathing deeply. The breath finds a long, regular rhythm
dialog: punctured by:
speaker_heading: GUNSHOT
text: A starter’s pistol, in close shot.
text: Athletes take off running.
text: Louie, running.
text: We intercut a rough, hand-held pull of Louie, with an equally
text: rough point-of-view. He is nowhere near the front of the
dialog: pac
dialog: 65
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 41
scene_heading: INT. ZAMPERINI HOUSE - PRE-DAWN 65
text: On the glowing radio dial.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: —and already, three sections of
dialog: runners have formed, with America’s
dialog: Don Lash and the Finnish Salminen
text: and Hockert ahead of the pack.
speaker_heading: SECOND VOICE
dialog: The Finns always the favorites in 67
dialog: this long-haul event—
text: Louie’s mother is in the devotional pose we saw Phil in
text: eariier— forehead resting against clasped hands. We hear the
dialog: radio:
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: In the second group is America’s
dialog: Louie Zamperini-
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC STADIUM - DAY 68
text: Louie running. His point-of-view: the backs of several
text: foreground heads. Well ahead are three runners in matching
text: (Finnish) jerseys. On pace with them is one American.
scene_heading: INT. ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN 69
text: Pete listening.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: The Finns Hockart, Lehtinen and
dialog: Salminen have set the pace and they
dialog: are not letting up.
text: WE SEE: A WIRE is threaded from the Zamperini radio through
text: the window out to the porch....
scene_heading: EXT. ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN 70
text: Office Collier and others are on the porch beside A LOUD
text: SPEAKER which has been connected to the Zamperini radio.
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 42
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC STADIUM - DAY 71
text: Louie running. His breath comes in regular chuffs.
text: Point-of-view: the American among the front four is indeed
dialog: fading.
text: There are still many heads between us and the front four—and
text: two or three more enter, passing Louie.
scene_heading: INT. ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN 72
text: Over the shoulder of the radio: the family hunched, tense,
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: And Zamperini is fading too,
text: dropping further back.
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC STADIUM - DAY 73
text: Louie running, his huffing breath even more amplified.
text: His point-of-view: a crowd ahead of him.
scene_heading: EXT. ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN 74
text: Officer Collier and the Torrance Townees listen without
text: making a sound.
scene_heading: INT. ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN 75
text: On Pete.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: And into the eighth_1aj it’s the
text: Finns still in the lea with
dialog: Salminen in first mised!
text: Pete murmurs to himself:
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Come on, Louie.
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC STADIUM - DAY 76
text: Louie runs. As if hearing Pete, he steps it up a notch.
text: His point-of-view confirms: the nearest of the bobbing heads
text: keep pace for a beat, then begins to slip back.
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 43
scene_heading: INT. ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN 77
text: Anthony listening.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: And we start the last lap, the
text: Finns seem to be in control. It
dialog: doesn’t look like Don Lash is going
dialog: to bring home the medal for the
dialog: USA. There’s a. . . there seems to
text: be some movement back in the pack.
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC STADIUM - DAY 78
text: Louie running.
text: His point-of-view: he is gaining on someone: a Norway jersey.
text: ROLF HANSEN sensing someone behind him, glances back, then
text: looks forward again, furiously pumping arms, but continuing
text: to slide back closer to us.
scene_heading: INT. ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN 79
text: Pete tenses.
speaker_heading: SECOND RADIO VOICE
dialog: Yes, that’s Zamperini overtaking
dialog: Norway’s Rolf Hansen. .
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC STADIUM - DAY 80
text: Louie running, passing Hansen.
text: Still many backs-of-heads strung amongst the track in front
dialog: of him.
scene_heading: INT. ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN 81
text: The family half-rising, listening.
speaker_heading: RADIO
text: He seems to have some gas in
dialog: reserve. He is really making some
dialog: time.
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC STADIUM - DAY 82
text: Louie passing runners.
text: Loud breathing.
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
scene_heading: INT. ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN
text: Louise opens her eyes, sensing the body-language
text: around her. She looks at the radio.
speaker_heading: SECOND RADIO VOICE
dialog: Salminen and Hockert will be one
dialog: and two. But look at that
dialog: Zamperini.
text: Mrs. Zamperini looks from the radio back to Pete.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: Pietro, cosa dice?
text: Pete, focused on the radio, can’t answer.
speaker_heading: RADIO
text: He’s got Don Lash in his sights.
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC STADIUM - DAY
text: Louie running. Heavy breathing.
text: No crowd noise now, only breathing.
text: Don Lash glances back, gives more forward effort,
dialog: continues to lose groun
scene_heading: INT. ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN
text: Pete is now leaning over the radio.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: Well, the great Don Lash is not
dialog: gonna be the first American, folks!
dialog: It’s high school kid Zamperini,
text: pushing past the record-breakers on
dialog: this field!
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC STADIUM - DAY
text: Finns cross the line.
text: A blur of runners: the field following.
text: Louie, having crossed, eases up, gasping.
dialog: 44
dialog: 83
dialog: shifts
dialog: 84
dialog: yet
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 45
text: Roaring cheers.
scene_heading: INT. ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN 87
dialog: Cheering.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: Well I have not seen that! I have
dialog: not seen that!
scene_heading: EXT. ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN 88
text: Officer Collier and the others are on their feet.
text: INT.
scene_heading: ZAMPERINI HOME - PRE-DAWN 89
speaker_heading: SECOND VOICE
dialog: That final lap, folks, the record
dialog: for that was 69.2 seconds.
dialog: Zamperini just did it in FIFTY-
dialog: SIxX-seconds. That record’s gonna
dialog: hold for a while, lemme tell ya.
speaker_heading: A92
dialog: 92
dialog: 46
scene_heading: EXT. WATER SURFACE - DAY A92
text: The black shadow of the Green Hornet B24 bomber growing
text: larger as it nears the ocean.
scene_heading: INT. GREEN HORNET/EXT. SURFACE - DAY 92
text: Impact. Water crashes in.
text: Louie breaches with a huge gasp.
text: He doesn’t know where he is. We don’t know where we are.
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 47
text: Bobbing debris. Beyond Louie in the near-background an
text: airplane wing rolls upward as the fuselage surges up,
text: rotating, and then the whole plane quickly sinks
text: Louie is thrown forward.
text: Disconnected wires whip around him like uncoiling springs.
text: Louie takes a deep breath as he’s pulled under -
scene_heading: INT. UNDERWATER - DAY 93
text: Louie tries to orient himself. The impact rammed him into the
text: waist gun mount and wedged him under it, face down. The gun
text: mount pressed against his neck, and countless strands of
text: metal coiled around his body.
text: Louie sinks, fights to free himself from the tangle of wires -
text: LOUIE’S POV: As he sinks, the light of the ocean’s surface
text: dims. His eyes close.
text: Moments later they open. STILL SUBMERGED. Suddenly FOR SOME
text: UNKNOWN REASON, HE IS FREE OF THE WIRES THAT ENSNARED HIM.
text: SEVENTY FEET DOWN, HE TRIES TO SWIM TO THE SURFACE.
text: He inflates his Mae West vest and is pulled upwards ina
text: stream of debris. His body ascends up to the ocean's surface.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE - DAY 94
text: Louie’s head bursts out of the water into bright sunlight.
text: He’s coughing up water and blood. Round him the oil and slop
text: from the downed bomber.
text: He looks around.
text: The ocean surface is slicked with iridescent oil and green
dialog: hydraulic fluid.
text: A human sound. Louie looks.
text: Phil, dazed, has a hold of a floating tank. He wears no Mae
text: West: Blood’comes down his face, in pulses from somewhere
text: above his hairline, and is washed away as water slops over
dialog: him.
text: Mac, also without a Mae West, hangs on with him.
dialog: 95
dialog: 48
text: Louie: a panicked look around.
text: In the opposite direction: an inflated yellow raft, bobbing,
text: drifting away.
speaker_heading: A MINUTE LATER 95
text: Louie, on the raft, and Mac, still in the water, negotiate
text: Phil onto the raft. Phil himself cannot help much.
text: Mac clambers in as Louie finds the gash in Phil’s scalp.
text: Louie takes off his shirt, dips it in water, and presses it
text: to the wound.
text: Louie looks around, scanning surface. Some of the debris is
text: starting to sink.
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 49
text: WIDE ANGLE - The tiny rafts carrying three men surrounded 96
text: by the debris of the crash, alone in the vast ocean.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY 97
text: Louie has a raft pocket open and is taking an inventory of
dialog: the supplies: Hershey chocolate bars, half pint tins oF
text: water, a brass mirror, a flare gun, sea dye, fish hooks,
text: fishing line, air pumps, raft patch kits. A set of pliers
text: with a screwdriver in the handle.
text: Mac is pressing his shirt on Phil’s wound. He watches Louie
text: but doesn’t speak. He’s in shock.
dialog: Suddenly-
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Glassman didn’t make it.
dialog: peat)
dialog: Cup didn’t make it--
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Don’t think about it.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: We’re gonna die.
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: No we're not!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: They don’t know where we are.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: They’1l find us...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: (in panic)
dialog: They’1l never see us.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Shut up, Mac!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: We’re going to die and you damn
dialog: well know it!
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: We’re not dying. Shut up.
text: Louie carefully divides the six chocolate bars into small
text: segments. He reads the instructions on the packet.
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
text: One square in the morning. One
text: square at night.
text: He gives a tin of water to Mac.
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Two or three sips a day.
text: A murmur from Phil. Louie looks at him.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Louie. ..
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Yeah Phil.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I'm glad it’s you.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I’m glad it’s me too.
dialog: 99
dialog: 51
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - NIGHT 99
text: The three men lying in the raft.
text: The raft peacefully bobs. Louie still holds the compress to
text: Phil’s head. Phil’s eyes are shut: sleeping.
text: A thunk.
text: Louie tenses.
dialog: Mac is panicky:
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: What was that?
text: A quiet beat as both men wait, listening.
text: Another thunk, and the raft jostles.
text: Hands on gunwhales, Louie looks carefully over the edge.
text: Dark water. Hard to see. But a dark shape retreats just
text: under the surface of the water.
text: Louie’s eyes track it away until it is lost. His look holds
text: out. Then his look tracks something back in:
text: The dark shape, returning.
text: As it disappears under the boat, it bumps its underside
dialog: again.
dialog: 100
dialog: 52
text: We fade as he closes his eyes. Under the fade, one last
text: fading-away thunk. ..
scene_heading: IN BLACK - DAY #2 100
text: A high-pitched whining sound.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON LOUIE
text: Eyes popping open.
text: It is a bald day.
text: The whining noise is distinguishable as engine noise.
text: Louie bolts to a sitting position, looking up.
text: Blue sky. Far above, a moving dot. A plane.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Hey!
text: He scrambles to his feet.
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
dialog: - . . Hey!
dialog: He waves:
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
dialog: - . . Hey! Hey!
text: Struck by his own stupidity, he abandons arm-waving and
text: scrambles to open the provision pocket on the raft. He tosses
text: Mac the dye and he spills it into the water below.
text: Phil still sleeps.
text: Louie comes out with the flare gun.
text: He fires up at the dot in the sky. Phil awakens to the sound.
text: Louie, a holding look, gun at his side, staring up.
text: The plane’s gnat-noise drones on, its course unchanged.
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
dialog: - . . Damnit! Down here!
text: Another pop of the flare gun. Both Mac and Louie waving.
text: But the drone is perceptibly less loud now; the plane is
text: going away. Louie throws the gun down.
dialog: 53
text: Mac turns away, looking out to sea.
text: Louie comes up short, looking:
text: Where he has just flung the flare gun, at his feet-- littered
dialog: wrappers.
text: He hunches and picks up a torn piece of paper. Printing is
text: on its slick outside.
text: Louie stares at the chocolate wrapper. He looks up.
text: Mac, his back to us, motionless, resolutely looking out.
text: Louie. He squats and does a panicky paw through the
text: provision pocket. More wrappers. No chocolate. Straightens
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
dialog: + + «Mac. Mac!
text: His back. No reaction.
text: Louie takes a step forward.
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What did you do?
text: Mac can’t reply. He looks away, out to sea.
text: On his back we hear:
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: It doesn’t matter.
text: Louie is too shocked to be angry. His tone is almost
dialog: childlike:
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Doesn’t matter?
text: Mac looks so pathetic and helpless. Louie wants to hit him,
text: but looks to Phil and decides not to make it worse.
text: Instead, he checks the tins of water. Untouched. Louie sits
dialog: back down. Now what?
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 54
text: They sit in silence.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY #3 101
text: Bright day.
text: The three men wear their shirts like hooded capes, protecting
text: themselves as best they can from the sun.
text: Reality has set in. They will most likely die here. Mac
text: breaks down crying. No one moves or says a word.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: OMITTED 102
speaker_heading: OMITTED 103
scene_heading: Later- DAY #9 104
dialog: We find the men a week later-
text: Phil: dozing, protected as much as he can be by his shirt,
text: but he is red-skinnned, lip-chapped.
text: Mac_is much worse off from the exposure, skin blistered, lips
text: swollen, face peeling.
text: Suddenly a look from Mac, reacting to:
text: Louie. The little mirror is set next to him, pointing up at
text: the sky. The circle of the mirror is a glaring hot spot.
text: Louie’s POV - the bright sun washing out the image of the
text: albatross flying above.
text: An albatross is just settling-- sitting on the lip of the
text: raft to investigate the bobbing, glaring glass.
text: Louie, just next to the bird, is frozen, tense.
text: The bird’s black eyes peering. Wings folding. Claws gripping.
text: Louie’s hand flashes to the bird, grabbing its leg.
speaker_heading: " LOUIE
dialog: Okay!
dialog: 105
dialog: 55
text: Wild activity: flapping, writhing, pecking: Phil closes on
text: it. He and Louie are a confusion of activity around the
text: bird. Louie snaps its neck.
text: The large bird is limp.
text: phe men carefully set it down, cautiously withdrawing their
dialog: ands.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Okay.
text: Louie grabs the pliers.
text: Mac and Phil watch as Louie rips the bird open.
text: The men react to a stench from the opened bird. They
text: hesitate over the specimen.
speaker_heading: PHIL (CONT’D
dialog: I don’t know if I can do it.
text: Another beat.
text: Louie reaches in.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: We gotta try.
text: Louie passes some to Mac who hesitates, still feeling the
dialog: guilt of the chocolate.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - MINUTES LATER 105
text: The men dry-heaving.
text: They ease back into place, eyes watering. Taking sips of
text: water sparingly.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: We had to try.
text: Panting beat. Then Phil has an idea:
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Know what?
text: He leans forward, to the provision pocket, and pulls out some
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: PHIL (CONT'D)
dialog: .- +. Maybe the fish won’t be as
dialog: picky.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY 106
text: The raft drifts in the vast ocean. Too far away to make out
text: detail, but we hear a sudden cry -
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Got it!
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY 107
text: A pilot fish dangles on the end of Louie’s line-- ten inches
text: of live food. Louie gets the hook out, kills the fish, takes
text: a bite. Then he passes it alon to the others. They don't
dialog: like it, but they need it, © they eat.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: This is how the Japs eat fish. Raw.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: If you ask me, it’s not food til
dialog: you cook it. A little garlic. A
text: ittle oil and lemon.
dialog: When we get home, you come ‘round
dialog: to my house. Mama’ll cook for you.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Remember the Eddie Rickenbacker
dialog: story in Life magazine? Him and his
text: crew ran out of fuel over the
text: Pacific. They were drifting in
text: rafts for twenty-four days.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: And they made it, right?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: They made it. But most of them lost
dialog: their minds.
dialog: 108
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: We gotta keep our minds sharp.
dialog: Gotta keep talking...
text: Mac_looks distressed. He looks out into the water. Louie
text: realizes he needs to distract him. He needs to keep talking.
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You_know what you’re really going
dialog: to love? Mama’s gnocchi. Nobod'
dialog: makes gnocchi like her. So Tight,
dialog: like clouds. She uses lots of eggs,
text: Maybe twelve.
text: The others listen, absorbed by the image he conjures up.
text: MOVE AWAY from the raft as he speaks, his voice growing
text: fainter as the raft grows smaller.
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
dialog: First, she makes the dough out_of
dialog: very fine flour. So fine it’s like
text: talcum powder. Then she beats up
text: the egg yolks, and she drizzles
text: them over the flour.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY #18 108
text: They heat of the sun pounds down on the men. The tins of
text: water are all empty.
text: The condition of the three men has drastically changed after
dialog: weeks at sea.
text: Their upper lips are burnt, cracked, ballooning so
text: dramatically that they almost obscure their nostrils. Their
text: bodies are slashed with open cracks, after exposure to the
dialog: elements.
text: The men are emaciated. Mac’s breathing is louder, raspier.
dialog: 58-59
text: Louie pulls out the picture of his family. It fills him with
text: deep sadness. He has to put it away before he cries.
dialog: 60
scene_heading: 110 EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - NIGHT 110
text: Louie, Mac and Phil are gazing up at the stars.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: You_believe God made the stars,
dialog: Phil?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Yes, I do.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: You think there’s some kind of a
dialog: grand plan? Like why’d we live and
dialog: others didn’t? Why are we here now?
dialog: Phil considers.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Here’s the plan.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: You go on doing the best you can.
dialog: You ry to have some fun along the
dialog: way Then one day it’s over. You
dialog: e up and there’s an angel
dialog: sitting at the edge of your bed,
dialog: the angel says, you can ask me all
dialog: those dumb questions now, because
dialog: I’ve got the answers.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: That’s what you believe?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: That’s what I believe.
text: Moments pass in silence.
text: Mac stares out into the darkness.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 61
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY #21 111
text: 30 foot swells. The men are now all in one raft, white
text: knuckling it to hold on and not get tossed. The second raft
text: is tied further from them in the distance.
text: Phil closes his eyes in silent prayer.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: (to the heavens)
dialog: If you answer my prayers. +-you_ get
dialog: me through this...I swear. --I'll do
dialog: whatever you want. I'll dedicate my
dialog: life to you. Please...
text: Waves of water splash across his face.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - TWILIGHT 112
text: The storm rages into the night. The men hold on tight as the
text: rafts are swept up and down on the huge swells.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT -— PACIFIC OCEAN DAY #22 113
text: Drops of water wake Louie.
text: As if an answer to his prayer, the heavens open and rain
text: pours down. The men throw back their heads, spread their
text: arms, and open their mouths. The rain falls on them. It
text: soothes their skin, washes the salt and sweat from their
text: pores, and slides down their throats. A sensory explosion.
dialog: 114
dialog: 62
text: They pull out the empty tins to collect water.
text: Louie and Phil: they ar are frantically trying to slide a pump
dialog: out of its canvas shea
text: Once the pump is clear Louie takes the sheath and rips one
text: seam open down most of its length.
text: It is now a triangular piece of canvas that dips down to its
text: center where the seam remains intact. It is, in effect, a
text: large bowl.
text: The men hold it open to collect rain, trying to stead:
text: themsetves and the receptacle against the tossing action of
dialog: the ra
text: Phil begins to pull in the second raft.
text: Later - the men cleaned, hydrated and silent. Each man with
text: his own private thoughts.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - MID DAY - DAY #24 114
text: The canvas.
text: Days later: the canvas receptacle, now dried out and two
text: closed water bottles knock around in it. Hard sun beats down
text: on it.
text: Moments later a small sound...and a shark appears. Louie
text: looks down at it.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY 116
text: Finally, the shark comes close. Louie pounces. He grabs its
text: tail, Phil grabs Louie and together they pull the shark out
text: of the water, into the raft.
dialog: 63
text: Phil and Mac jump on it as it twists and thrashes. Louie
text: stabs its eye with the screwdriver until the thrashing stops.
text: Panting, the three men lie on the dead shark.
text: Moments later - Phil and Louie and Mac eat the shark’s liver.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY - DAY #33 118
text: Burning sun. DOWN to find the rafts, the men deteriorated
text: further. Full beards, skeletal faces.
text: Louie is removing Phil’s bandage.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: How is it?
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: It stinks. But that’s the bandage,
dialog: not you.
text: He throws the bandage over the side.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: We beat Rickenbacker’s record. Four
dialog: days ago.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: You keeping count?
text: They hear a small noise in the water and realize a shark has
text: been drawn to the bloody bandage.
text: Then, in the distance, they hear a distant plane engine. Look
text: up to the sky.
text: THEIR POV: A moving spot in the sky.
dialog: 64
text: Mac comes to life, seeing the plane.
text: Louie loads and fires a flare. Phil finds the mirror and uses
text: it to reflect the sun towards the plane. Louie shoots off
text: another flare.
text: The look of all three men travels straight overhead with the
text: plane, which makes no acknowledgment.
text: The plane passes, far off, and fades away.
text: A couple of dark shapes are rippling up. Sharks.
text: All three men are looking down at the shapes in the water
text: when we hear a change in the engine noise.
text: The men’s eyes rise back to the plane.
text: It is no longer receding: it is starting to turn...
text: banking. . . returning. . . dropping in altitude.
text: Louie resumes waving.
text: As the plane approaches it drops, lower, lower.
text: The men wave.
text: Just as we see the Red Circle, its guns start firing.
text: Water kicks up in a line from each gun, walking toward the
dialog: raft.
text: The shark-shapes wriggle, reacting.
text: The men bail out into the stained water.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER 119
text: Fizzing bullet-trails cut between the three men fighting to
text: stay submerged. The water is a confusion of murky color,
text: flailing limbs, the sun through the pale yellow of the raft
text: just above.
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 65
text: The bullets and firing noises stop; the muffled engine noise
text: is receding. Dark shapes are approaching the men in the
dialog: water.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN 120
text: The plane flies on past.
text: The sharks are back, almost on the thrashing bodies of the
text: men. Desperately they haul themselves back into the raft.
text: Louie is the first to flop back onto the raft; he helps Phil
text: and Mac in; all panting.
text: They hear the plane again. It’s coming back.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Get out!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I can't.
text: He’s just too weak to move. Louie slides back into the water.
text: Bullets shower the ocean around the raft.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER - CONTINUOUS - DAY 121
text: Louie struggles to stay under the rafts. We can see the
text: depression of Phil and Mac’s bodies. Neither one moves.
text: Bullet holes pop through the canvas, shooting beams of light
text: through the raft’s shadow. Bullets pierce the water
dialog: throughout the following sequence:
text: A shark approaching Louie is shot by a stream of bullets from
dialog: above.
text: Louie sees a long cord straying off the end of the raft. He
text: grabs it.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 66
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY 123
text: Louie breaching, hooking his arms over the raft. He climbs
text: back in just as the shark comes back for another attack.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Phil! Mac!
text: Beat. Phil speaks without moving or opening his eyes -
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: If the Japs are this bad, we might
dialog: even win this damn war.
text: Mac moves. Looks round. Sees the plane has gone.
text: Then they hear the air hissing out of the raft. Water is
text: filling up the bottom. One raft left, the other is shot to
text: shit and already completely deflated.
text: Louie hunts out the patch kits. The others search out the
text: holes. Every time they move another hole is uncovered,
text: hissing out air. And all the time the sharks are circling.
text: Phil grabs an air pump, screws it to a valve, and starts
text: pumping. Bubbles push out of bullet holes, Louie works on
text: @Pp ying patches, using the edge of the mirror to rough up
text: the rubber round the hole before applying glue and patch.
text: Phil keeps pumping hard.
text: Suddenly a shark lunges up out of the water, mouth open,
dialog: right at Louie -
text: An oar sweeps past Louie’s head, striking the shark back into
dialog: the water.
text: It’s Mac, come back to life. He beats the sharks with fury
dialog: and power we’ve not seen in him before.
text: Mac goes on swinging his oar, whacking at the sharks.
text: Mac continues hitting the sharks away as Phil pushes the pump
text: against his chest, inflating the raft.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - LATE AFTERNOON 124
text: The exhausted men continue with what little energy they have
text: left. Mac stands ready with his oar. We can see this fight
dialog: has taken a lot out of him.
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Did you see that Mac surprise
dialog: attack? Damn sharks were scared
dialog: shit. He came down on that thing
text: like a Goddamn dive bomber.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Saved your skinny ass.
dialog: We see this means a great deal to Mac, though he hides it
text: from the other men. Louie takes over the pumping.
dialog: Later- 125
text: The sun goes down over the endless ocean. The men continue to
dialog: work into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY #34 - DAY 126
text: Louie is near the canvas bowl, stretched out.
text: Mac lies with his head on Phil’s lap, not moving. The three
text: are barely alive, their flesh almost transparent, their bones
text: visible. They speak slowly, not much energy left. Quizzing
dialog: each other to keep alive.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: 1937. Baseball. MVP.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Uh.., the kid from Detroit...
dialog: Gerhinger.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Mac. Get in the game.
text: He’s trying to make out what’s happening with Mac.
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mac?
dialog: 68
text: No response from Mac: head-down, shoulders rhythmically
text: moving with his rasping breath. Louie moves over to Mac.
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mac?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Still here. What you gonna make for
dialog: breakfast, Zamp?
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Your call.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Your mother’s gnocchi.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Gnocchi for breakfast? Okay. Why
dialog: not?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Am I gonna die?
text: After a moment-—
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You think, tonight?
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Yes, sir. I think tonight.
text: Louie and Phil shuffle their weakened bodies until they’re
text: lying on either side of Mac, their arms round him.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: So you get your dough, and you roll
dialog: it out...
text: His voice fades into silence.
scene_heading: 127 EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - SUNRISE - DAY #35 127
text: Quiet at the cut.
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: A130
dialog: 130
dialog: 69
text: Gentle slap of water on the boat.
text: Mac's body has been laid out face up, in a comfortable
dialog: position.
text: Louie is squatted at the back of the boat, waiting.
text: Phil is praying as he finishes preparing Mac’s body.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - MOMENTS LATER 128
text: Both men have hands on the corpse.
text: They shove him off.
text: The boat bobs, regaining balance.
text: The men seat themselves, grabbing sides of the boat,
text: steadying it, steadying themselves.
text: The body bobs in the water.
text: The men, looking at it.
text: The body is abruptly grabbed, somehow, and briefly towed.
text: It disappears into the water.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY 44 A130
text: Louie looks at Phil. How frail and emaciated he is. He then
text: looks up into the heavens. Into the clouds. Beautiful clouds.
text: It’s almost as if he can hear music. The sounds of angels
text: coming from the heavens.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT, PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY #47 130
text: Wide on the raft.
text: Close on Louie.
text: Face-up, barely conscious, emaciated, sun-dazed.
text: Bobbing, sloshing.
dialog: Very quiet.
text: We hold on him for a long time. It is difficult to tell if
text: he is even breathing.
text: A shadow cuts his face.
text: Louie fights his eyes open, fights to focus. Sun and shadow
text: travel in bars across his face.
dialog: 131
dialog: 70
text: His point-of-view, looking steeply up: metal hull, topped by
text: rail, gliding along, traveling orizontally across the frame.
text: The sun pouring in at us is cut rhythmically by rail-posts.
text: Louie, looking.
text: His point-of-view: the ship continues to slide by. But now:
text: a person at the rail, looking down at us. He slips off;
text: another person. And’ another. Sailors, all looking down at
text: us. Japanese. All holding rifles pointed at us.
text: Louie. He painfully wets his lips. He works his tongue,
text: preparing to speak. Then:
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Phil.
text: We hear Phil’s voice, very weak:
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I got good news and bad news.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CELL - DAY 131
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: The sound of a heavy door opening.
text: Breathing and oofs! As a body is manhandled and flung to the
dialog: ground.
text: Close on Louie: a blindfold is ripped away.
text: He is lying on a dirt floor. He blinks, looks:
text: His point-of-view: low jooking s steeply up at a Japanese guard
text: stepping aways the blindfold dan giing from one hand. He goes
text: through the door and it is closed after him.
text: Louie collects himself, gets on his hands and knees, and
text: looks around the dim and very cramped space.
text: Wooden cell. Thatched roof. No exterior window. Small,
text: closed window in the door. Hole in the floor: latrine.
text: Louie squints at the dirt floor by one of his planted hands:
dialog: movement.
text: He jerks his hand away. He looks closer:
text: Wriggling maggots.
text: He presses himself into a corner.
text: After a beat:
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Phil?
text: A voice, distant and small, somewhere to the left:
speaker_heading: ; PHIL
dialog: Louie.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: .» . You okay?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Land feels funny.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Funny, yeah.
text: We hear Japanese yelling from down the hall, and a door
text: opening, a couple of footsteps, and a blow.
text: Louie, listening to Phil taking a beating.
text: Louie pounds at the door. He tries to see through the cracks
dialog: but can’t.
speaker_heading: 132 OMITTED 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 72
scene_heading: INT. CELL - DUSK 133
text: Louie sits on floor, forearms on knees, hands dangle limply,
text: head sunk below shoulders.
scene_heading: INT. STEEP ON WALL - MORNING 134
text: A small beam of morning sunlight illuminates the cell wall.
text: Louie lifts his face into it as if trying to escape into the
text: light. He then notices something -
text: Scratched into the plank wall, a message:
scene_heading: NINE MARINES BROUGHT HERE FROM MAKIN ISLAND AUGUST 18, 1942
text: Under it, nine names.
text: On Louie, looking up at it.
text: Footsteps approaching.
text: Louie’s look goes to the door.
text: As the footsteps pass without breaking stride, something is
text: tossed through the door’s window: a white, irregular shape,
text: the size of a baseball.
text: It hits the dirt floor and breaks up.
text: Louie quickly reaches down, gathers pieces of rice, with
text: panicky £ fingers flicks maggots away, and stuffs thé food into
dialog: is mouth
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: OMITTED 136
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CELL - MORNING 137
text: Da Days later - The jungle is wet with rain. It spills into his
text: 1. Suddenly the door is opened and Louie is pulled out and
text: dragged by his neck.
scene_heading: EXT. KWAJALEEN JUNGLE - DAY 138
text: We hear the chink of silver on china. Louie stands in the
text: pouring rain, looking fixedly off:
text: A table set with linen and heavy with food, being eaten by a
text: JAPANESE OFFICER who sits bone dry under a tarp.
text: TRANSLATOR stands by.
text: The Officer slowly, meticulously, ostentatiously, cuts his
text: food and eats. He never looks up.
text: Louie looks around to get his bearings. He is surrounded by
text: trees. At closer look, Japanese Soldiers in green uniforms
text: stare out from the jungle. No chance for escape.
text: The Officer says something to his plate.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: Colonel would like to know
dialog: disposition of troop in Hawaii.
text: Louie is blank for a moment.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I, I don’t know.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: Speak up!
text: He can’t take his eyes off the food.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: - + +. I wouldn’t know what it is
dialog: now, haven’t been there in...
text: Murmuring in Japanese. The continued methodical cutting and
dialog: chewing.
dialog: 74
text: Louie sees his wallet on the table and the contents laid out.
text: The Officer points to a clipping of Louie’s racing at the
text: Olympics. Another question from the officer, relayed:
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: Is this you?
text: Louie nods. The Officer studies him. He says something to the
text: Translator in Japanese. The only word Louie can understand is
text: “Olympic.” The men share a look. Then the Translator asks
dialog: another question.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR (CONT’D)
dialog: You were a famous Olympic athlete?
text: Something else is said.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Colonel would like to know,
text: location of radar in E- class, B-24.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: We had the old one. D-class.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: You bomba deer?
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Yes.
text: Louie hesitates, then asks:
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
dialog: - . . What happened to the Marines
dialog: from Makin Island?
text: The translator doesn’t bother to relay this.
dialog: Eating.
text: Question from the Officer.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: How you work the Nawdn bombsight?
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: You just twist two knobs. What
dialog: happened to the Marines?
text: When the officer receives the translation, he gives two words
dialog: of instruction.
text: The translator responds by bringing pencil and paper to
dialog: Louie.
speaker_heading: 74A
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: Draw Nawdn bombsight.
text: Louie hesitates for a moment, then moves into the tent. He
text: shakes off his wet hand before he tries to start drawing.
text: It’s hard to draw with the drops of water covering the page.
text: The translator has his head cocked, looking down over Louie’s
dialog: shoulder.
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 75
text: Scratch of pencil on paper.
dialog: Offhand, as Louie draws:
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: They were beheaded.
text: Louie takes this in. He continues to draw.
scene_heading: EXT. KWAJALEEN JUNGLE - DAY 139
text: Louie is being led back to his cell.
text: As he passes Phil, also under guard:
text: His tracking, panning point-of-view of Phil, looking
text: up-quickly lost from sight.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: .» . . I drew a Philco radio, knobs
text: on the side.
text: The guard shoves him from behind.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CELL - NIGHT 140
text: Close on Louie’s hand finishing a message by scratching the
text: wall with his belt buckle:
scene_heading: LOUIE ZAMPERINI - DITCHED OVER PACIFIC - May 1943
text: Message finished he sits back against the opposite wall. He
text: looks across the three-foot throw of the room:
text: The nine Marines. His name underneath.
text: He stares at the wall, wondering if he will share their same
dialog: ate.
text: He sees a spider crawl across the wall.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CELL - DAY 141
text: Three weeks have passed. Louie has been in the cell for a
text: month. We find him in tucked into the corner. His beard has
text: grown longer and his face has gone pale. But he seems
text: stronger. He seems focused.
text: He presses his face against the cold cell wall. As if trying
dialog: to connect to Phil.
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 76
text: Shouting close by: Louie braces himself as the door is flung
text: open and a guard screams at him, the same word, over and
dialog: over.
text: Louie, uncomprehending.
text: The guard keeps repeating, shouting, now showing by gesture
text: that Louie is to stand. Louie knows he is being asked to walk
text: to his death. He refuses. He fights.
scene_heading: INT. LOUIE’S CELL/ CELL BLOCK - KWAJALIEN - DAY 142
text: The door opens and TWO GUARDS aggressively attempt to drag
text: him out. Louie fighting the whole way.
text: Finally, they overpower him and force him out.
text: The light is almost blinding after days of confinement.
scene_heading: EXT. KWAJALIEN ISLAND - DAY 143
text: Louie sees Phil, also being dragged, in equally bad shape.
text: They are scared as they are led out of the cell block.
text: Louie still fighting, Phil seems to be quietly praying as if
text: preparing to die.
text: Louie and Phil are being told to stand at attention. The
text: Guards step away.
speaker_heading: GUARDS
dialog: Strip! TAKE OFF CLOTHES!
text: Louie and Phil strip down before Guards holding rifles. The
text: two terrified men fully expect to be executed. Louie eyes the
text: swords on the mens belts.
text: They are told to kneel. Louie and Phil’s hearts pump fast.
text: Louie hesitates and is taken down by a smack to the back of
text: his knees by a wooden stick.
text: After a terrifying moment of silence, suddenly, Louie and
text: Phil are doused with cold water, shocking their systems.
text: Soap is placed in front of the men and shaving equipment and
text: scissors. They begin to wash their frail bodies.
scene_heading: INT. SHIP’S PRISON - DAY 144
text: Close on Phil. Wide to reveal this is Louie’s POV from under
text: his blindfold. Louie and Phil, lay together on the cold floor
text: of a storage room. Cleaned up "put still in the same dirty
text: clothes. After days in solitary confinement, they lay very
text: close to each other.
text: Wider still to reveal -Forty other POWs, bound by rope at the
text: wrists and ankles, sitting in the dark with them. No one says
dialog: a word.
speaker_heading: 76A
dialog: 145
speaker_heading: A146
dialog: 77
scene_heading: EXT. YOKOHAMA PORT - DAY 145
text: Ocean. Sunlight. A dock. At it, a substantial ship.
text: Looking straight down at water.
text: A rough walkway bisects the frame, top to bottom. Men— bound,
text: blindfolded men— descend the gangplank. Louie and Phil, their
text: hands tied but holding onto each other.
text: The men are being loaded into canvas-topped trucks. Phil is
text: being pulled away. Louie and Phil hold tight, fighting hard
dialog: not to be separated.
text: CLOSE - on their hands ripped apart
text: Louie is pushed to one truck, Phil to another.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Phil? Phil?
dialog: No answer.
text: Louie is pushed into a truck.
text: HIGH ANGLE - The two trucks drive off. Outside the docks the
text: second truck with Phil in it peels off and takes a different
dialog: road.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF TRUCK/TOKYO STREETS - DAY A146
text: We are traveling, inside the truck with the prisoners. The
text: man closest to Louie is FRANK TINKER, dive bomber pilot and
dialog: opera singer.
text: Close on Louie trying to look from under his blindfold. He
text: sees a lovely Asian woman on a bicycle.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: This is Tokyo right?
speaker_heading: TINKER
dialog: Must be.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I made it.
speaker_heading: TINKER
dialog: You wanted to come to Tokyo?
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I sure did.
speaker_heading: TINKER
dialog: Be careful what you wish for mate.
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 78
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE TO OMORI - TOKYO BAY - DAY 148
text: Louie’s POV from under his blindfold. He sees they are
text: driving over a long bridge leading away from Tokyo.
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI POW CAMP - TOKYO BAY - DAY 149
text: The men are unloaded from the truck. Blindfolds off.
text: Omori POW Camp sits on a man-made island in Tokyo Bay: a
text: sandy spit connected to shore by a tenuous thread of bamboo
text: slats, surrounded by six fences. Ashen and gray earth.
text: Louie approaches oversized wooden gates into the Omori
text: compound. Grim, lifeless, like the surface of the moon.
text: Louie and the other newly arrived POWs are lined up with the
text: current prisoners, emerging threadbare from their barracks,
text: for roll call, in front of a small office building. The
text: stand by a “quarantine shed” - a corrugated carport, roo
text: without walls, completely open to the elements. The men are
text: ordered to stand at attention, in Japanese, by the Guards.
text: A bark from a Japanese guard.
text: The men stiffen.
dialog: 79
text: The door of the office barracks swings open.
text: MUTUSHIRO WATANABE aka THE BIRD: a distant figure, too far
text: away to distinguish his features. He is in an enlisted man’s
text: uniform: little cap, khaki_green uniform. He steps out_onto
text: the porch, a kendo stick clasped behind his back. He looks
text: slowly across the men assembled before him.
speaker_heading: WATANABE
text: Good evening, old prisoners.
dialog: Welcome, new hands. This is Omori
dialog: Detention camp.
text: He steps slowly down off the porch.
text: Watanabe takes a stroll down the row of men.
text: Lateral tracks over him as he walks along the front row of
dialog: prisoners.
text: All the men are looking down, taking care not to meet
text: Watanabe’s eye as he passes.
text: Reverse lateral tracks on The Bird are from behind the
text: assembled men, so that his face is obscured by foreground
text: prisoners, or seen only in fleeting bits, as he walks along
dialog: the line.
text: He speaks with a strong, confident voice. He clearly is very
dialog: well educated.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: I am Corporal Watanabe. You are
dialog: enemies of Japan and you will be
dialog: treated accordingly.
text: He moves down the line to Louie.
text: Louie’s eyes are cast down, head lowered. But the voice and
text: footsteps stop, as the Bird halts, directly in front of him.
text: Uneasy quiet.
text: Louie’s point of view is of the bottom half of the man halted
text: before him: huge, brutish hands holding a kendo stick.
text: The disembodied voice:
speaker_heading: WATANABE
dialog: Look at me.
text: Louie looks up. For the first time we get a good look at the
text: Bird: handsome face, cold, black stare - the cruelest eyes
dialog: Louie’s ever seen.
text: Close on the Bird challenging Louie. Close on Louie, not
text: backing down. Defiant.
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: You look me in the eye?!
text: Out of nowhere, The Bird’s kendo stick swings into Louie’s
text: head, hard, making Louie stagger. Shocked, Louie takes the
dialog: it.
text: Another blow and The Bird breaks Louie’s nose.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at me!
text: Every prisoner goes rigid with fear. Louie looks up. The Bird
text: swings again, delivering another blow to Louie.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't look at me! DON’T LOOK AT ME!
text: Beat. Louie looks at him, enraged and confused, with his
text: fists clenched, restraining himself from hitting back, Louie
text: lowers his eyes. The Bird looks triumphant. He smiles.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: New prisoners... you are not
dialog: dismissed...you will stand
dialog: juarantine. “We cannot have disease
text: in the barracks.
text: He exits into the Commander's office. A guard shouts in
text: Japanese telling the other soldiers to return to their
text: barracks. They do, in an orderly fashion, leaving Louie and
text: the POWs who are told to head to the quarantine shed.
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI POW CAMP - QUARANTINE SHED - NIGHT 150
text: Night has fallen. Louie, still standing under the corrugated
text: roof. He resets his own nose. Crack. Fresh blood drips down.
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI POW CAMP/ QUARANTINE SHED - NIGHT 151
speaker_heading: LATER-
text: Louie and the POWs, are still standing in the cold.
text: The Bird appears on his balcony, finally giving the order to
text: the Guards to lead Louie and the new POWs to their barracks.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS, OMORI - NIGHT 152
text: The new prisoners stream into a tong: narrow, barrack
text: building. Double bunks on either side of a narrow aisle. The
text: old timers are in here, stretched out on their bunks.
text: Louie and Tinker look on as The Scots, led by BLACKIE, unload
dialog: stolen goods from everywhere inside their clothing: léng
text: cloth tubes down trousers and sleeves are full of sugar,
text: tobacco leaves, flour. They stash the plunder in secret
text: compartments behind wooden’ planks.
dialog: 81
text: Louie can’t help but smile a little. Blackie gives hima
dialog: look. He doesn’t warm easy to new people.
text: A British soldier, MILLER, notes Louie’s bloody bruises.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: I see you’ve met the Bird.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: The Bird?
text: WILLIAM HARRIS a handsome young Marine, points at Louie's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: LOUIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why d'you call him “the Bird”?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: (not too loud)
dialog: Because he listens, and if he heard
dialog: us_using the names we'd like to
dialog: call him, he’d kill us.
speaker_heading: 1 MILLER lth
dialog: Apparently e grew up wealthy
dialog: spoiled. Wanted to be an officer.
dialog: Expected to be, too. Was denied. A
dialog: great humiliation for him, not
dialog: making the grade.
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD (0.S.)
dialog: (beat) Of course none of this
dialog: explains the. . . erratic behavior.
text: Louie sees COMMANDER FITZGERALD. He is laying down writing in
text: his make shift journal. A man with the confidence of the
text: leader that he is. Fitzgerald gives Louie a welcoming smile
text: and nod. Louie notices that Fitzgerald's fingernails have
dialog: been removed.
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD (CONT'D)
dialog: They were looking for some answers.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Didn't get any though did they?
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Not a thin
dialog: (He offers his damaged
dialog: hand to Louie)
dialog: Commander Fitzgerald.
dialog: 153
dialog: 155
dialog: 82
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI BARRACKS — MORNING 153
text: Louie and the other POWs are run into the compound and lined
text: up. Louie looks around for The Bird. He can’t see him but he
text: can sense him. He must be lurking in the shadows, watching.
text: Not knowing where he is, is even more unnerving for Louie.
speaker_heading: OMORI GUARD
dialog: Enlisted men to work.
text: The POWs watch as the Enlisted Men are marched out of the
text: compound for work. The men look to the Officers.
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI - COMPOUND - MORNING 155
text: Later - Louie and the POWs are forced to do calisthenics in
dialog: the snow.
text: The Bird appears and walks toward the men. He stalks down the
text: line, glancing at papers in his hand, looking for someone.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: There is much talent in Omori camp.
dialog: We have an opera singer. Who is the
dialog: opera singer?
text: Tinker raises his hand.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: We have a cook from the Plaza
dialog: Hotel, New York.
dialog: 156
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: And we have an Olympic athlete. Who
dialog: is the Olympic athlete?
text: He looks at Louie. He already knows.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: Who is the Olympic athlete?
text: Louie’s hand goes up. The Bird smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI - DAY 156
dialog: The Guards have selected one amongst them to race against
dialog: Louie:
text: Louie - emaciated and weak - is hauled over by two Guards and
text: placed beside the Running Guard.
text: Fitzgerald, Tinker, Harris, Miller and the POWs watch from
text: the side as a Guard fires his PISTOL and the race begins.
text: The Japanese Guard takes off. Louie runs well at first. The
text: Pows popes rise. They watch as he runs. But soon he begins to
text: a aCK.
text: He tries to keep up, but he is too sick, his legs too weak.
text: The Bird studies him. Louie falls. He fights to stand. Fists
text: clenched in anger.
text: The Japanese runner wins the race. The Guards cheer.
text: The Bird, eyes on Louie, doesn’t smile. He sees Louie
text: continue to push himself toward the finish line.
text: Fitzgerald, Tinker and the POWs watch in silent resignation,
text: almost embarrassed for Louie. The Bird sees something else.
text: He sees Louie’s fighting spirit. It bothers him.
text: Louie crosses the finish line. He lays down looking up at the
text: sky. Relieved. A shadow appears over him.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (0.C.)
dialog: You fail. You are nothing.
text: Smack. The Birds stick cracks across his face.
dialog: 157
dialog: 84
scene_heading: INT. OFFICER’S BARRACKS - NIGHT 157
text: A body passes by on its way to Fitzgerald in the next bunk.
text: It is one of the Scots, who hands something to Fitzgerald,
text: who in turn hands something to Harris.
text: Harris then pulls some supplies out from a slat in the wall
text: and crouches in the corner of the room tracing a map from a
dialog: newspaper.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: What’s he doin?
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD
dialog: He’s tracing so we can return it
text: before the Japs find out. He has
text: most of the war mapped out.
text: Fitzgerald checks in with Harris who shows him something.
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD (CONT'D)
dialog: to Louie)
dialog: Americans have taken Saipan. Allies
dialog: are gaining ground.
text: Louie watches Harris hide the copies in a slat in the wall.
text: Blackie takes the newspaper to return it.
dialog: 160
speaker_heading: Blé1
dialog: 85
scene_heading: INT. OMORI BARRACKS - DAY
text: Fitzgerald listens in on Guards speaking privately in
dialog: Japanese.
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI - DAY 160
text: Blackie, the Scots and Louie use four foot hollow bamboo
text: reeds with sharpened edges to steal sugar by leaning against
text: the sugar sacks, piercing them and letting the sugar run into
text: their socks and tied pant legs.
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI - DAY B1l61
text: Louie helps steal a newspaper for information.
dialog: 86
dialog: 162
dialog: 87
scene_heading: EXT. BENJOS - OMORI POW CAMP - DAY 162
text: Open-air; it consists of regularly spaced holes dug in the
dialog: ground.
text: Whipping wind.
text: Louie has a large ladle and two heavy buckets. He is slowly,
text: painfully, dipping out the first hole.
speaker_heading: TINKER
dialog: You know I have to say...
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Please don’t.
speaker_heading: TINKER
dialog: For a bunch of guys that don’t eat
dialog: anything we sure can shit a lot.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I think that one’s mine.
text: They all laugh. Miller vomits.
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 88
scene_heading: EXT. YARD 163
text: Later in the day. Louie and Fitzgerald are carrying two
text: buckets slowly across the yard. The Bird and the other Guards
text: are in geep discussion (in Japanese). Fitzgerald listens in
text: as he slowly walks past. The Bird notices. He then looks at
text: Louie who nods and smiles as if carrying shit is his favorite
text: thing in the world. The Bird just stares.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 164
scene_heading: EXT. SHORE 165
text: We are on the ocean-side of the man-made island that is the
dialog: camp.
text: A rock with some elevation is the dumping point for the
text: sewage. It is slick with spattered sewage of previous days.
text: Louie and Fitzgerald empty buckets off the edge.
text: Louie pauses. He looks out, into the wind.
text: Ocean. Lots of ocean.
text: The pounding of waves.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - DAWN 166
text: Smash cut to a Japanese guard yelling.
text: Lead by The Bird, the Guards go through the men’s things.
text: They find Louie’ $ picture and toss it on the floor. Not what
text: they re looking for. They turn over the beds and rip up the
text: planks.
text: One guard signals to The Bird. He has found something.
text: Harris's maps. The Bird studies them. He glances at
text: Fitzgerald. His rage grows.
text: Harris is ripped from his bed.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (to the POWs)
dialog: Stay where you are!
text: The men continue but their eyes are on Harris whose maps are
text: thrown down in front of him.
text: Louie can see the Bird approach Harris and whisper something
text: in his ear.
dialog: 89
text: Then The Bird takes of his belt and pounds it into Harris.
text: Over and over. The floor and scattered maps stain with blood.
text: Louie notices KANO, a sympathetic Japanese guard, watching
text: with a look of concern.
text: Louie doesn’t know what to do. He knows to move will only
dialog: make it worse.
text: Close on Louie watching. The sound of the beating continues.
text: The Bird looks at Louie after the beating, challenging him.
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 90
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI BARRACKS - LATE DAY 188
text: Louie looks at the POW’S as one drops to his knees. The man
text: crying, pleading for his life. Broken.
scene_heading: INT. OMORI BARRACKS - LATE DAY 189
text: Louie turns away from the slit in the bamboo. He lies on his
text: bunk, weakened by beatings and hunger.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I’m gonna kill him.
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD
dialog: Then they shoot you.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I don’t give a damn. Let’em shoot
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD
dialog: That’s not how we beat the bastard.
dialog: We beat him by making it to the end
dialog: of the war alive. That’s how we do
dialog: it. That's our revenge.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: (considers )
dialog: If we can take it we can make it.
speaker_heading: ; FITZGERALD
dialog: Precisely.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: My brother Pete used to say that.
dialog: He thought I could do anything.
dialog: Thought I was better than I am.
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD
dialog: Who says you’re not?
text: Louie’s face in the shadows. Covered by darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKS AT THE SHORE - LATE DAY 169
text: They have just emptied the bucket when Louie’s eye is caught
dialog: by something.
text: Out over the sea: in the distance a battle rages in the skies
dialog: over Tokyo.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BIRDS OFFICE - LATE DAY 170
text: The Bird is at his porch rail, his look out in the distance,
text: same as Louie’s, his expression unreadable.
dialog: 171
speaker_heading: 90A
scene_heading: INT. OMORI BARRACKS - NIGHT 171
text: The POWs are asleep when the GUARDS ENTER:
speaker_heading: OMORI GUARDS
dialog: Keirei!
text: The POW’s scramble out of their bunks. Louie automatically
text: heads for the back of the barrack to be hidden.
text: The Bird enters. Everyone is at attention. He expects to see
text: Louie, but can’t find him. He then crosses straight down the
text: line until he is face to face with Louie. He stares. Louie
text: won’t meet his eyes.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: Why are you last at attention!!
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I... what?
text: The Bird unbuckles and pulls off his webbed belt. The buckle
text: is several inches square, made of heavy brass. The Bird
text: grasps one end with both hands.
text: The Bird swings the belt backward, with the buckle on the
text: loose end, then whips it around himself and forward, as if
text: performing a hammer throw. The buckle rams into Louie's left
text: ear. The room spins with pain and he goes down.
text: Louie slowly pulls himself upright. The Bird waits for him to
text: steady himsel He then does something surprising and offers
text: him tissue paper for his wound.
dialog: 172
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: Better?
dialog: Is there compassion in this man?
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT’D
dialog: Why do you make me hit you?
text: A sense of relief enters Louie’s mind just as the buckle,
text: whirling around from The Bird’s swinging arm, strikes his
text: head again, exactly where it hit before. Louie feels pain
text: bursting through his skull, the sound goes out and his body
text: going liquid. He smacks into the floor.
scene_heading: PRE-LAP VOICE FROM NEXT SCENE
dialog: You're dead.
scene_heading: INT. CAMP OFFICE, OMORI - MORNING 172
text: A blur of confused vision. Unidentified voices.
scene_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 1
dialog: In America they say, Zamperini
dialog: dead.
text: A blur of faces talking to him.
speaker_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 1 (CONT’D)
dialog: They tell your family you died in
dialog: war.
text: Slowly the images resolve. Louie is sitting in The Bird's
text: office, holding onto his bruised head. The two radio men are
text: wearing business suits, and seem unconcerned by Louie’s
text: condition. The Bird sits with them, equally unconcerned.
speaker_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 1 (CONT’D)
dialog: NBC Radio tell America, famous
text: Olympic runner Zamperini is dead.
text: The words sound familiar. Like the men at Kwajalien. Louie
text: takes in what they’re saying, but he doesn’t understand why.
text: He glances up at The Bir He wants to kill him.
scene_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 2
dialog: You want to tell family you are not
dialog: dead?
text: The Bird sees Louie’s confusion. He wants to be helpful.
speaker_heading: A174
dialog: 174
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: These gentlemen, they are from
dialog: Radio Tokyo.
scene_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 2
dialog: We have program go all over world.
text: It is name ’Postman Calls’.
text: The Bird cups a hand in front of his mouth as if talking to a
text: microphone, acting out what Louie can say.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: Hello, Mother. Your son is calling
dialog: you. Mother, I love you. I am alive
dialog: and well.
text: Louie stares at him, not knowing whether to laugh or scream.
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI BRIDGE - DAY A174
text: The car drives over the bridge heading for Tokyo.
scene_heading: EXT. RADIO TOKYO BUILDING - DAY 174
text: The car comes down the road to pull up by the Radio Tokyo
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I’m only saying my own words.
scene_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 1
dialog: Of course!
dialog: 175
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: JAPANESE PRODUCER/HOST (V.O.)
scene_heading: HELLO AMERICA...
scene_heading: INT. RADIO TOKYO STUDIO - DAY 175
speaker_heading: MICROPHONE
text: Louie tentatively sits into frame behind the mike. A
text: delicious fruit bowl has been placed on the table in front of
text: him. His mouth waters. He’s almost mesmerized by it.
text: From off we hear well-modulated Japanese speech. Louie
text: ooks.
text: At another table, a Japanese RADIO HOST in a suit and slicked-
text: back hair speaks into his own microphone. Something in his
text: own speech amuses him and he interrupts himself with a
text: chuckle, and then plows on.
text: Louie looks around, still somewhat disoriented.
text: The man at the other table now switches to English:
scene_heading: JAPANESE RADIO HOST
dialog: This is ‘The Postman Calls’. Today
dialog: the Postman calls for Mrs Louise
dialog: Zamperini of, Torrance, California.
dialog: Louie Zamperini is not _missing—and
dialog: not dead, as erroneously announced
dialog: by your government! He is safe and
dialog: sound with us! So keep on
dialog: listening, Mrs. Zamperini, and
dialog: don’t mention it; the pleasure is
dialog: all ours!
text: The man, smiling, now nods at Louie.
text: An interrogative look from Louie: me, now?
text: The man repeats his nod, more vigorously.
text: Louie leans cautiously in to his microphone. He begins
text: tentatively.
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Hello Mother and Father, sisters
dialog: and friends. This is your Louie
text: talking. This is the first time in
dialog: two years that you will have heard
text: my voice. I am uninjured and in
dialog: good health.
text: Louie closes his eyes and imagines his family receiving this
dialog: news.
scene_heading: 176 EXT. SHIP AT NAVAL BASE, SAN DIEGO - EARLY MORNING 176
text: An ensign runs down the ship’s deck to Pete in uniform.
text: Pete takes the envelope and opens it to read the transcript
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: LOUIE ON RADIO V.O.
dialog: I am now interned in a Tokyo
dialog: prisoner of war camp, and am being
dialog: reated as well as can be expecte
dialog: under wartime conditions.
text: Pete reacts to the news.
scene_heading: 177 INT. RADIO TOKYO STUDIO - DAY 177
text: Louie continues.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I hope Pete is still able to pay
dialog: you his weekly visits from San
dialog: Diego. Dad, keep my guns in good
dialog: condition $0 we can go hunting when
dialog: I get home. Get some good rabbits
dialog: for Mom's gnocchi sauce.
speaker_heading: 178 OMITTED 178
scene_heading: 179 INT. ZAMPERINI HOME, TORRANCE - NIGHT 179
text: Anthony, Louise, Sylvia and Virgina have heard the news. They
dialog: cry tears of joy.
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 95
scene_heading: INT. RADIO TOKYO STUDIO - DAY 180
text: Louie with his eyes still closed imagining his family.
speaker_heading: LOUIE ON RADIO
dialog: I wish you a merry Christmas and a
dialog: happy New Year. Your loving son,
dialog: Louie.
text: He opens his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA, RADIO TOKYO - DAY 181
text: Louie is eating, eating like he’s never eaten before. The
text: Omori guards look on. The cafeteria is full of elegant
text: Japanese people. Mostly business men but a few very elegant
dialog: beautiful professional women as well.
text: The Radio Tokyo Men appear, and sit down with him, all
text: smiles.
scene_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 2
dialog: You were good. Very good.
text: They put a paper before him.
speaker_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 2 (CONT’D)
dialog: You can speak on radio again.
text: Louie looks at the paper. Shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I can’t say this.
scene_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 1
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: It’s not true. I won’t. And what
dialog: you wrote about America... I won't
dialog: Say that.
text: We see a_glimpse of defiant young Louie. It’s nice to see.
text: The two Radio Men look at each other. They know what to do.
scene_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 1
dialog: THEY say that.
text: He gestures to across the room to a table of American men
dialog: sitting in the cafeteria. (It’s been a tong time since we
text: have seen healthy Americans.) Louie can’t believe his eyes.
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 1 (CONT’D)
dialog: American like you. They make
dialog: broadcasts. They live here, very
dialog: comfortable. Good food.
text: One of the POWs looks up and meets Louie’s eyes. He sees pure
dialog: anguish there. God knows what hell they’ve been through to
dialog: agree to this. The silent message they’re sending him is:
dialog: don’t do this.
scene_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 2
dialog: They have lovely food.
text: Louie feels sick.
scene_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 1
dialog: You want to go back to camp?
text: At the thought of returning to The Bird, Louie can hardly
dialog: speak.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: No.
scene_heading: RADIO TOKYO MAN 1
dialog: You make broadcast?
text: Louie can hardly believe he’s making this decision. He looks
text: at the speech in the man’s hand.
speaker_heading: 182 OMIT
scene_heading: 183 EXT. OMORI BARRACKS - LATE DAY 183
text: The gates open. A Guard walks Louie into the camp compound.
text: athe men are lined up. He walks past them, terrified, toward
dialog: The Bird.
text: The guard turns him round to face the parade. A second Guard
text: ties Louie’s hands behind his back.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: (softty)
dialog: You are like me. We are both
text: strong.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: beat) I saw it in your eyes, the
dialog: irst day. I thought, this man will
dialog: be my friend. But...enemy of
dialog: Japan... you do not listen. You do
dialog: not do what is asked of you...
text: The Bird then addresses the prisoners.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: It is necessary to have respect. No
dialog: respect, no order
text: He turns and points his stick at Louie.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: This man must be taught respect.
dialog: All other prisoners teach him this
dialog: lesson. Each prisoner will punch
text: this man in his face.
text: Louie stares down the line: there’s 220 men out there. Then
text: he turns his gaze on The Bird
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD
dialog: Sir, we can not do that.
text: The Bird screams an order to the guards who hold Fitzgerald
text: back. The Bird screams and points. Harris is pulled out of
text: the line up and brought to him. The Bird raises his stick and
text: strikes. Fitzgerald watches in horror. Harris can’t possibly
text: take anymore. Fitzgerald looks at Louie.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: You! Punch him in the face!
text: Fitzgerald steps forward. Louie braces. The men understand
text: this is all they can do to save Harris. Fitzgerald punches
dialog: Louie.
text: The ENLISTED MAN comes to attention.
speaker_heading: ENLISTED MAN
dialog: Sir..
text: Louie, full of fear and adrenaline eggs him on.
dialog: ; LOUIE . ;
dialog: Do it! Come on! Get it over with.
text: He steps forward and hits Louie, pulling his punch. The Bird
text: shrieks with rage, striking him with his stic
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: Hit hard! Again! Hard!
text: He hits Louie again, harder.
dialog: 184
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: Next!
text: The next man takes his place. Hesitates.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Come on!
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: Hard!
dialog: Another blow.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: Next!
text: The next man, the next blow.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Sir...
speaker_heading: LOUIE
text: (yelling with a mouth full
dialog: of blood)
dialog: Do it! Come on!
text: Louie spits on the soldier. The Bird screams in Japanese.
text: Another fist in the face. And another. Miller. Tinker.
text: Blackie. The Bird’s mad passion drives them on.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: Next! Next!
text: Every time he looks at Louie, there he is, gazing back at
text: him. His face has begun to bleed. His cheek split open.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
text: Fist in the face. ‘Next!’ Fist in
dialog: the face. ‘Next!’
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI CAMP - LATER - TWILIGHT 184
text: THE SUN IS SETTING. The punishment continues.
text: Louie, face completely bloodied, gets punched and passes out.
text: The Bird orders the Guards to stand him up and revive him.
text: Louie, held up by the Guards, opens his eyes. The Bird
text: instructs the POW to punch Louie. With tears in his eyes, the
text: Enlisted POW hits Louie.
dialog: 186
dialog: 99
text: Now Louie is drooping. The guards have to pull his head up to
dialog: take the blows.
text: Fist in the face. ‘Next!’ Fist in the face. ‘Next!’
text: At last, Louie completely collapses. Through blood—dimmed
text: eyes he sees the Bird standing over him, stick raised.
text: The blow descends. Blackout.
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI BARRACKS - LATE DAY 186
text: Snow falls on the barracks. Months have passed
text: TWO POWs stand in the new fallen snow in stress positions.
text: The Bird stands over them.
dialog: 190
dialog: 100
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI BARRACKS - DAY 190
text: Close on Fitzgerald's “shocked” face in make-up. Very
text: Fellini. Tinker is singing up a storm.
text: The soldiers are laughing.
text: We reveal they are watching the other soldiers performing
text: Cinderella in drag. Fitzgerald, Tinker and The Scots are
text: giving grand performances.
text: Japanese soldiers are also laughing.
text: Louie is in the back row in a dark mood.
text: Thinking of The Bird. His eyes wander to Kano’s gun.
text: The Bird begins passing out candies.
dialog: 191
dialog: 101
text: He walks up and sits next to Louie.
text: The Bird smiles at Louie as if they are simply two men at a
text: bar; as if they are friends. Louie feels like he’s ina
text: strange dream.
text: Harris is seated behind him. He is not the same since the
dialog: beating.
text: The Bird leans over and whispers in Louie’s ear. Louie
text: flinches, expecting to be hit.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: I have good news.
text: The Bird knows he’s frightening him. He likes that.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: I have had a promotion. That is the
dialog: good news. The bad news - I say
dialog: goodbye to my friends.
text: Louie looks at The Bird with disbelief. The Bird seems to be
text: genuine when he says they are “friends”. Silence. Then -
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: I leave Omori tomorrow.
text: He waits for the reaction, but nothing comes.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: You may congratulate me.
text: Louie nods. The Bird smiles. The play goes on to the sounds
text: of escalating laughter.
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI - DAY 191
text: Snow falls. The men are lined up. The Bird is leaving.
text: Louie and the others watch The Bird standing at the gate with
text: a group of guards, shaking hands. The gates open, he walks
dialog: ou
text: and into a waiting truck. He is driven away. This monster
dialog: id
text: that brutalized is suddenly gone...
speaker_heading: BLACKIE
text: And there he goes. Just like that.
text: The Guards yell for the Enlisted Men to get to work.
dialog: 192
dialog: 102
scene_heading: INT. OMORI BARRACKS - THAT NIGHT 192
text: The Scots are laughing and playing (handmade) cards.
text: Louie lays in bed. Ready for the first good night of sleep in
text: a long while. The men have been given new blankets.
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 103
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI BARRACKS - NIGHT 194
text: Wide of the camp at night. Suddenly, the sound of bombers
text: closing in. Alarms sound and Guards run out of their
dialog: quarters.
scene_heading: INT. OMORI BARRACKS - NIGHT 195
text: A Guard runs in and yells for them to come out.
text: Louie and the others hurry outside -
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI - NIGHT 196
text: The sky is swarming with the lights of hundreds of fighter
text: pranes, American and Japanese. It’s an air battle, over Tokyo
dialog: itself.
text: The Guards come running, and shout at the prisoners.
text: We can hear the drone of airplanes, getting closer with the
text: continuing explosions.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS, OMORI - NIGHT 197
text: Louie and the others climb up onto the barracks roof. Louie
dialog: gazes up -
text: Giant bombers are flying past overhead.
speaker_heading: TINKER
dialog: B29s! Can’t be long now.
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD
dialog: I wouldn't get too excited...
dialog: (knowingly)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD (CONT'D)
dialog: If the Allies win- the Japs issued
dialog: kill-all orders. I overheard them.
dialog: (Pause) We win, we’re dead.
text: ON LOUIE: Struggling to figure a way out of this nightmare.
text: Bombs are landing close by.
text: One building bursts into flames. There is a smoldering
text: crater near it.
text: Two Guards are frantically working a pump, filling a bucket.
text: The POWs wander, looking up:
text: Silvery undersides of B29s heading for the gity, 2 raked by
text: searchlights, going through ghostly puffs of f
text: The Guards at the pump shout and gesticulate for Louie and
text: the other POWs to come help.
text: Out of the background pandemonium, a whistling noise grows.
text: Louie looks up, tries to place it. As it grows louder:
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Down! Down!
text: Close on Louie, hitting the deck, covering his head with his
dialog: arms.
text: A huge explosion shakes the earth. Phosphorescence. The
text: light fills the frame-
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
speaker_heading: A202
dialog: 202
dialog: 105
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - DAWN 200
text: CLOSE ON LOUIE: His head down, his arms over his head.
text: Two hands come in and shake him awake. He turns over in his
text: bunk to see Fitzgerald.
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD
dialog: (to all
dialog: Grab your kit! They’re moving us
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: To where?
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD
dialog: I don’t know, some new camp. Tokyo
dialog: Ritz.
text: Louie swings his legs out, sits up in his threadbare clothes,
text: looks sround with his hands splayed empty in his lap,
text: blinking.
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI GATES - MORNING 201
text: The gates close behind the Officers. Guards yelling and
text: moving them forward. A devastated Tokyo is beyond the bay.
text: The Omori Guards have bayonets in their guns.
text: A column of prisoners being led away from the camp. Miller is
text: assisting Harris, who seems unsure of what is happening.
scene_heading: EXT. OMORI BRIDGE - MORNING A202
text: Wide shot of the men marched across the bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. TOKYO STREET - DAY 202
text: The men are led through the mostly bombed-out, burned-out
text: street. What houses are left are damaged, smoking.
speaker_heading: A203
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 106
text: There are sheets covering the many bodies that litter the
dialog: ground.
text: The victims stare at the POWs. Their eyes deeply sad and
text: haunted from the horror.
text: Louie and a woman lock eyes. He can feel her pain.
scene_heading: EXT. BOMBED LANDSCAPE —- DAY A203
text: The cold wind blows through a barren, bombed-out landscape.
text: The pan across speeds up as we pull back into-
scene_heading: INT. MOVING BOXCAR - DAY 203
text: Louie’s POV -Inside a small dark boxcar, only a small slice
text: of light streaming through the wooden slats.
text: Louie and the others rock with the motion of the train,
text: gazing out between the slats.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILWAY - DUSK 204
text: A train carries Louie and the others northwest, through the
dialog: landscape.
scene_heading: EXT. NAOETSU RAILWAY STATION - MORNING 205
text: Naoetsu is a seaside village on the West Coast of Japan. Snow
text: piles, high as 5 feet, shock some of the men_as they exit the
text: train with their belongings and begin the mile walk to the
dialog: POW camp.
scene_heading: EXT. NAOETSU - DAY 206
text: The prisoners are marched across the work camp. CAMP 4-B is
text: fifty meters square, covered in snow.
text: It’s brutally cold. The Naoetsu_camp is a shambles of shacks,
text: poorly constructed, uninhabitable, compared to Omori. 300
text: POW's. Most are AUSSIES who look like stick figures. Some,
text: like Louie, still wear the tropical weight khakis they’d worn
text: when captured. Starving. Unable to speak and work the coal
dialog: barge. This camp is worse than Omori. hey are covered in
text: black soot. Even their breath in the air has tinges of black.
dialog: 207
dialog: 107
scene_heading: EXT. NAOETSU POW CAMP - CAMP 4-B - DAY 207
text: Louie and the new arrivals trudge into the compound and are
text: lined up in front of a shack. They are told to stand at
text: attention by Guards with rifles.
text: Freezing, Louie, Fitzgerald, Tinker and the new POWs wait.
text: The wind from the sea whips around their faces. At last the
text: door to a rusty, corrugated shack by the main gate opens. A
text: JAPANESE COMMANDER steps out:
speaker_heading: GUARDS
speaker_heading: KEIREI!
text: Louie sees the commander and his knees buckle. Tinker must
text: lean against him to hold him Ups Louie is at_his lowest
dialog: point: if he had a gun, he would shoot himself right there.
dialog: We discover the Naoetsu Camp Commander is:
text: THE BIRD. He smiles like a child at Christmas as he steps out
text: onto the icy ground.
text: Beside The Bird is his henchman HIROAKI KONO. Wire rim
text: glasses, gold teeth and a pirate smile.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: This is Naoetsu Prison Camp. I am
dialog: Sergeant Watanabe. I am your
dialog: commanding officer. You are
dialog: prisoners of the Imperial Japanese
dialog: Armed Forces.
dialog: 208
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: You will help the Japanese by
dialog: working on the coal arges. Any one
dialog: who will not work, will’b
dialog: executed...
text: The Men are stunned. This is far worse than Omori.
text: By this point The Bird is face to face with Louie. Louie
text: can’t look him in the eye. The Bird whispers like a friend:
speaker_heading: THE BIRD(CONT’D)
dialog: why don’t you look me in the eye?
text: Louie can not. The Bird studies him, then hits him twice as
text: Tinker holds him up.
scene_heading: INT. NAOETSU BARRACKS - DAY 208
text: Louie, Tinker, Fitzgerald, Miller, Harris and other POWs
text: enter their two story barracks, on the edge of a cliff
text: overlooking a straight drop to the Hokura River. The sea
text: wind whistles through the cracks in the walls. Holes in the
text: roof makes it snow indoors. Infested with fleas, lice, and
text: rats trotting about the room. Beds are planks nailed to the
dialog: wa Ss.
dialog: 209
dialog: 109
text: Mattresses are loose rice straw. Floorboards have been pulled
text: up for fire wood, creating huge gaps in the floor. CLIFT, an
text: Aussie POW leads the way.
speaker_heading: CLIFT
dialog: This is the end Mates. No one knows
dialog: we're here. Best just to resign to
dialog: your fate.
scene_heading: EXT. COAL BARGE ON RIVERBANK - NAOETSU - DAY 209
text: A BARGE heaped with coal for the steel mill. Six of the POWs
text: have shovels. The Bird and Kono oversee the Guards ordering
text: the POWs to shovel the coal into LARGE BASKETS that are
text: strapped to the backs of other POWs, including Louie.
text: Louie notices how shaky the planks are they are forced to
dialog: carry the coal up.
text: Louie hauls the heavy coal_up the plank to a railroad car,
text: along with Fitzgerald and Tinker.
dialog: 210
dialog: 211
dialog: 110
scene_heading: EXT. NAOETSU - DAY 210
text: Days later.
dialog: Ants.
text: From a distance, all the POWs look like ants.
text: It’s hard to find Louie, and the others, as everyone is so
text: covered in coal they have lost their identity.
text: We find them carrying sacks of coal up the side of the cliff.
text: Louie looks down. The stairs are narrow and they are 50 feet
text: above the ground.
text: The sack of coal weighs heavy on Louie. Sweat pours down his
text: face, streaking through the layers of soot.
text: The line slows.
text: Louie looks ahead. A POW, a few men forward is collapsing. He
text: drops to his knees. The weight of the coal pulls him off the
text: stairs and he falls to his death.
text: Louie, Fitzgerald and the others continue on as if nothing
text: has happened. They are numb.
scene_heading: EXT. COAL BARGE - NAOETSU - MORNING 211
text: The hot sun rises over Naoetsu. The round red ball of the
dialog: Japanese flag.
text: Months have passed. Sweat streaks through the black coal
text: matted to the men’s faces.
text: An empty barge is being towed out_to the open water as
text: another, piled high, is being pulled in and tied up by the
dialog: men.
text: Shovels in to coal. Coal into baskets. Same old routine.
dialog: Suddenly-
speaker_heading: ., NAOETSU GUARDS
dialog: Keireil!
text: The POWS stand at attention. The Bird steps forward.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: Your President Roosevelt is dead.
text: The Bird watches the news sinks in. He then turns and walks
text: away. Louie has no reaction. He is empty inside.
dialog: 212
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
dialog: 111
text: The men are still. Silent. One man falls to his knees and
text: weeps. No one goes to him. No one moves. All we hear is the
text: sound of one man weeping.
scene_heading: EXT. BARGE - RIVERBANK/NAOETSU - WEEKS LATER - DAY 212
text: The sun is hot. Louie works among the other POWs carrying
text: baskets of coal strapped to their backs, up to the railroad
text: car. The ramp to the railroad car is perilous. The baskets
text: are heavy and make Louie top heavy, throwing off his balance.
text: Louie is weak, As he makes his way up the ramp, A Guard is
text: making his way down. As they pass each other, he pushes into
text: Louie, causing him to fall over the side, some five feet
text: down. One of Louie’s legs hits the ground before the other,
text: causing a tearing sensation, then scorching pain in his ankle
dialog: and knee.
text: Louie sees The Bird some 15 feet away looking off into the
dialog: distance. He knows these were his orders.
text: Louie feels his leg. He realizes what has happened. Knowing
text: he will never run the same again. HIS DREAMS ARE OVER. He
text: bows his head and weeps.
scene_heading: EXT. NAOETSU POW CAMP - DUSK 213
text: As the men return from work, ghosts covered in black coal,
text: The Bird watches Louie limp.
scene_heading: INT. NAOETSU BARRACKS - NIGHT 214
text: The men are quiet tonight. Louie most of all. He lay on his
text: bed with his ankle elevated on an old blanket.
speaker_heading: TINKER
dialog: Louie?
text: Louie doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: TINKER (CONT'D)
dialog: Louie? You alright?
text: Still nothing. Louie is dead inside.
scene_heading: EXT. NAOETSU POW CAMP —- DAY 215
text: The sun beats down as_ the men work. The Bird watches Louie.
text: He watches him struggle and sweat. Finally, he watches him
text: sit and rest his leg. He rushes over.
dialog: 216
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: Stand up! Stand up!
scene_heading: EXT. NAOETSU POW CAMP —- DAY 216
text: The Bird leads Louie, out into the open compound, with Kono
text: in the rear. Tinker, Miller, Clift, Fitzgerald and the POWs
text: watch. Worried for Louie.
text: The Bird suddenly stops when he sees: A SIX FOOT LONG CHERRY
text: WOOD PLANK laying on the ground. He orders Louie.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD
dialog: Pick up! Lift high. Over your head.
dialog: You stand! You stand with this!
dialog: Lift high!
text: Louie leans down to the plank. Before he picks it up he
text: LOWERS HIS HEAD, FACE TOWARD THE GROUND AND BREATHES DEEPLY.
text: Just like he did before every race. He centers himself.
dialog: 
text: Barely able to keep himself up, Louie’s arms quiver as he
text: lifts’ the beam above his head.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Kono in Japanese)
text: If the prisoner lowers his arms,
dialog: shoot him.
text: The Bird walks to a nearby shack, climbs up on top of it’s
text: roof and sits to watch Louie. He is enjoying himself.
text: The sun blazes. Louie blisters in the heat, holding the
text: wooden beam above his head.
text: Tinker, Miller and the POWs watch from a distance. Helpless.
text: Louie is shaking. The plank is heavy.
text: Only hatred gives him strength.
text: Fitzgerald looks across at the camp clock. 3:15.
text: ON LOUIE - Sweating. His once athletic body now emaciated and
text: wounded; barely up to the task. UP TO THE BEAM - Wavering,
text: but not dropping.
text: ON THE BIRD - Smoking, smiling, watching.
text: POW’s are being prodded to keep working.
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
dialog: 113
text: Minutes pass. FINALLY, SLOWLY, LOUIE LOOKS UP. 217
text: He looks at The Bird.
text: Fitzgerald reacts.
dialog: Close on Louie
dialog: After years under the cruel punishment of this man-- Louie
text: finally look directly at him. He sees him as if for the first
text: time. His eyes locked on the Bird’s face. The Bird meets his
text: stare. Defiant, Louie keeps the plank above him.
text: One by one the POW’s and Guards stop and stare.
scene_heading: MINUTES PASS-— 218
text: Louie feels the sun come across his face. He feels not the
text: heat but the warmth. THE LIGHT. He feels his own spirit rise.
text: He transcends.
text: Louie’s face changes before our eyes. Still looking at The
text: Bird, he can see through the monster. The Bird can feel it.
text: He is taken aback. Furious. He feels exposed. Human.
dialog: We remain close on Louie and The Bird through this deep
dialog: exchange.
text: All the men in the camp are watching.
text: Close on their faces. Louie’s fight is their own. They see
text: his strength and their spirits rise. Even Blackie begins to
dialog: smile.
text: WIDE - A space round where Louie stands in the sun, the beam
text: above his head.
text: The camp clock. 3:40.
text: The Bird is no longer smiling. His black eyes riveted on
dialog: Louie.
text: LOUIE HAS BROKEN THE BIRD.
text: Minutes later- on Louie - Eyelids drooping. Shuddering. 219
text: Still, he holds up the plank.
text: Louie’s eyes go in and out of focus. He sees:
text: The Bird can’t take it anymore.
text: angry, he jumps down off the roof and charges towards him in
text: a fury. The Bird reaches Louie, who is still holding up the
text: beam. The Bird feels beaten.
dialog: 220
dialog: 114
text: He rams his fist into Louie’s stomach, causing Louie to fall,
text: dropping the beam on top of him.
text: The POWs are dumbfounded. No noise.
dialog: Long quiet.
text: The Bird smashes Louie with the kendo stick.
dialog: Many blows.
text: No sound except for the sound of the blows, and effort from
dialog: The Bird.
text: Louie is on the ground. The blows continue.
text: Quickly intercut: sun tracked through leaves.
text: Falling blows.
text: Longer intercuts of sun, a traveling shot, beginning now to
text: tip down to become a push along the road in Hawaii.
text: phe Bird, spittle flying out, beating Louie. He begins to
speaker_heading: 1ICK.
text: Louie, kicked.
text: Running in Hawaii. Heavy breathing.
text: More beating. Heavy breathing continues—same sound, but now
text: it is The Bird, gasping as the beating continues.
text: Heavy breathing—a runner’s. We are pushing forward again in
dialog: Hawaii.
text: We push through a break in the foliage: we’ve reached the
dialog: ocean.
text: Warm sun. Pounding surf.
text: Panting.
text: The yard. Panting. From The Bird. A last kick.
text: High shot: The Bird standing over Louie’s body, panting.
text: After a beat looking down at the body, The Bird seems to come
text: toa stop. He looks up from Louie to the crowd of Soldiers
text: and Guards, realizing where he is.
speaker_heading: THE BIRD (CONT'D)
text: Prisoners to barracks. Now.
text: The Guards move the men.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 220
dialog: 115
scene_heading: 221 EXT. YARD 221
text: High looking down.
text: Louie’s body in the mud.
speaker_heading: 223 OMITTED 223
dialog: 224
speaker_heading: A225
dialog: 116
scene_heading: EXT. NAOETSU BARRACKS - DAY 224
dialog: Close up-
speaker_heading: KONO
dialog: Keirei!
text: Something is noticeably different about Kono and the Guards.
text: They seem shaken. Less arrogant. Anxious.
text: Louie, Tinker, Fitzgerald and the hundreds of POWs have been
text: lined up as Kono makes an announcement.
speaker_heading: KONO (CONT’D)
text: Prisoners of Naoetsu. The war has
text: come to a point of cessation.
text: They POWs remain silent, suspecting a trick. A suspicious
text: silence hangs in the air.
speaker_heading: KONO (CONT’D
dialog: Today, in the spirit of a new
dialog: future for our great nations, we
dialog: invite all Prisoners to bathe in
dialog: the Hokura River.
text: Louie and his group see: The Armed Guards open the gates and
text: wait to escort the POWs to the river. The Guards use their
text: rifles with bayonets to usher the men along.
speaker_heading: TINKER
dialog: (under his breath
dialog: This is it. We’re dea
text: Louie and the others believe Tinker is right. Most of the
text: POWs start to exit. The Guards usher Louie and his gang, who
text: have no choice. They are led towards the tunnel.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. -— TUNNEL - DAY A225
text: The men are being lead through the dark tunnel. Louie looks
text: at the faces of the other men.
dialog: 225
dialog: 117
scene_heading: EXT. HILL/RIVERBANK/HOKURA RIVER - DAY 225
text: A few POWs hiking down to the river, break from their lines,
text: begin taking off their clothes and running into the water.
text: Louie slowly peels off his clothing, as he watches:
text: The Guards standing with their guns. They look menacing at
text: the POWs in the river. Their hands gripping their rifles.
text: Louie wades into the river near Tinker and Fitzgerald.
text: POWs scattered throughout the river are bathing as the Guards
text: stand on the riverbank with their rifles. But Tittle by
text: little, the POWs throughout the river start to question this
text: “gift of the river bath”. One by one, they stop scrubbing or
text: bathing...touching the arm of the POW next to them, to take
text: notice of the Guards standing with their rifles, staring at
text: them in the river.
text: SILENCE. Louie, Fitzgerald, Tinker, Miller, Harris and the
text: POWs stand motionless in the river, all eyés focused on the
text: Guards staring at them with malevolent intent.
text: THEN THEY HEAR IT: Guards and POWs alike. It is the growl of
text: a distant aircraft engine. They all turn to the sky:
text: POWs see nothing at first in the overcast sky: Then, bursting
text: through the clouds: A TORPEDO BOMBER in the distance.
text: Louie stands to face the on-coming Bomber, bracing himself to
text: die. Tinker, Fitzgerald and Miller also brace themselves.
text: As the POWs and the Guards watch, the Bomber dives, levels
text: off, skims over the water.
text: Louie and the POWs can see inside the plane: the Pilot is
text: standing. And on each side of the fuselage, under the wings,
text: A BROAD WHITE STAR.
text: IT IS AN AMERICAN BOMBER. The plane’s red light is blinking a
text: message in Morse code.
text: Fitzgerald near Louie can read the coded message. He cries:
speaker_heading: FITZGERALD
text: The war is over...It’s really over.
speaker_heading: AA226
speaker_heading: A226
dialog: 226
dialog: 118
text: The news spreads throughout the river to every POW. Some
text: shout. Some break down. Some stand in disbelief.
text: The Japanese Guards shrink back as the POWs, lowering their
text: rifles and bayonets as...
text: Blackie and The Scots jump on each other. Wrestling into the
dialog: water.
text: Tinker, Fitzgerald, and Miller shout with relief and tears.
text: Harris is slow to completely understand what has happened. A
text: smile spreads across his broken face.
text: Louie stands, paralyzed. He doesn’t know how to react. He
text: sinks to his knees in the water. He covers his face. He made
dialog: it. He survived.
text: He jays back in the water and opens his arms just like every
text: finish line. Victory.
scene_heading: EXT. NAOETSU POW CAMP - THE FOLLOWING DAY BA226
text: A PACKAGE is dropped from the sky, bursting open with cans of
dialog: peaches.
text: Widen to see a message to the American planes, spelled out in
text: lime on the ground. It reads: “DROP HERE”.
text: Camera pans the enormous amounts of food and supplies
text: previous planes have dropped. The men feasting on the goods.
text: THE SCOTS collecting and eating food. Pockets full.
text: A TIME MAGAZINE is found in the care package. Its cover is
text: the HIROSHIMA MUSHROOM CLOUD. They study it. Silent.
text: Fitagerald, Miller, Tinker and Clift (seeing him clean for
dialog: the first time) share a smoke.
text: Louie is nowhere to be found.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BIRD’S OFFICE - NAOETSU - DAY A226
text: Wide of the cement tower to The Bird’s office. The small
text: figure of Louie climbing the steps.
scene_heading: INT. THE BIRD'S OFFICE - NAOETSU - DAY 226
text: The sound of footsteps.
text: The door opens. Louie carefully, slowly enters the room.
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
speaker_heading: 118A
text: It_looks as if The Bird left in a hurry. Most of his
text: belongings are gone but among the few items that remain is a
text: family photo. Giving us a clue into the monster. An image of
text: him as a young, innocent boy with his strong, Military-leader
dialog: father.
text: Along the wall is his kendo stick.
text: The enemy escaped. Louie allows this to all sink in.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 227
speaker_heading: OMITTED 228
dialog: 229
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: OMITTED 229
scene_heading: EXT. LONG BEACH AIRPORT - DAY 231
text: Close on- Louie kissing the ground. (Possibly the shadow of a
text: B24 bomber over him.)
text: Louie stands up and looks at the sea of people and press.
text: Bursting through the crowd are Louise gfeta wearing Louie’s
text: airman’s wings pin), Anthony, Pete, via and Virginia.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Louie!
text: Louise bursts into tears. Louie runs directly to her and
text: enfolds her in his arms. Anthony wraps his arms around them
dialog: both.
text: Louie, Anthony and Louise with their arms around each other,
text: not moving, not letting go. There are tears in Louie’s eyes.
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Cara mamma mia.
text: Louie looks over at Pete. They share a smile.
text: Fade into a black and white Bhoto of the real Louie with his
dialog: family the moment he returne
speaker_heading: CARD ONE
dialog: In 1946 Louie Zamperini met and married his beloved Cynthia
text: Applewhite. They had a daughter, Cissy, and a son, Luke.
speaker_heading: CARD TWO
dialog: Lt. Russell "Phil" Phillips survived the war and married his
dialog: sweetheart, Cecy. He and Louie remained friends long after
dialog: the war.
speaker_heading: CARD THREE
text: Mutsuhiro Watanabe, "the Bird," remained in hiding for
dialog: several years as a war criminal until he was granted amnesty
text: by the U.S. in its efforts to reconcile with Japan.
speaker_heading: CARD FOUR
dialog: After years of severe post-traumatic stress, Louie made good
dialog: on his promise to serve God, a decision he credited with
text: saving his life.
speaker_heading: CARD FIVE
dialog: Motivated by his faith, Louie came to see that the way
dialog: forward was not revenge, but forgiveness.
speaker_heading: CARD SIX
text: He returned to Japan, where he found and made peace with his
text: former captors. Only the Bird refused to meet him.
dialog: Fade in-
dialog: 233
dialog: 121
scene_heading: EXT. NAOETSU, JAPAN - DAY 233
text: The sound of cheering voices, cars, tramping feet.
text: ON SCREEN IT READS - LOUIE FINALLY REALIZED HIS DREAM, AND
text: RAN AGAIN IN THE OLYMPICS.
text: The shot develops to find the road that runs past the old
text: camp. It's lined with people, wrapped up against the cold,
text: smiling and cheering.
text: Cars appear between the cheering people. One carries a TV
text: crew. And there in the road, in running gear, is 80-year-old
dialog: Lou Zamperini.
text: LOUIE ZAMPERINI lopes over the snow, Olympic torch held high,
text: beaming all over his face.
scene_heading: ON SCREEN: AT AGE 80. IN JAPAN.
text: Smiling and cheering beautiful Japanese faces surround him.
dialog: 122
text: Louie smiles and waves at the Japanese people smiling and
text: cheering him on. The beautiful faces of the Japanese
dialog: children.
dialog: Unity and love. The true undying spirit of the Olympics. The
text: true undying spirit of Louis Zamperini; running smiling,
text: joyful. Unbroken.
dialog: 
