dialog: 
dialog: unbreakable
dialog: october.eighth.ninety-nine
dialog: written by
dialog: m.night.shyamalan
scene_heading: INT. CLOTHING STORE - AFTERNOON
text: Women's casual wear department. J.C. Penny.
dialog: Legend "1961"
text: An African-American man carrying two J.C. Penny shopping bags is ushered past the
text: department store managers and security guards on walkies that have gathered at
text: the entrance to the woman's dressing rooms.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: A bed has been formed by a chair and three benches.
text: A STRIKING AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOMAN in her twenties lays across it. Her face and
text: clothes are covered in sweat. Her skirt is stained.
text: She holds something wrapped in a soft sweatshirt on her chest. We can't see it,
text: but WE HEAR THE BABY CRYING.
text: She's just given birth.
text: There are three frazzled saleswomen in the dressing room with her. They watch her
text: with quiet smiles.
text: A fourth SALESWOMAN arrives ushering in the man with the shopping bags.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: This is Mr. Mathison. He's
dialog: a doctor.
text: DR. MATHISON looks over the scene and then directly at the striking woman.
speaker_heading: DR. MATHISON
dialog: You okay?
text: The woman nods, "Yes." Sweat trickles down her face. THE BABY'S PIERCING CRIES
text: ECHO IN THE SMALL ROOM.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
text: An ambulance is on the way.
text: Dr. Mathison puts down his shopping bags and moves to her. He kneels down and
text: gestures for the bundle of sweatshirts in her arms.
speaker_heading: DR. MATHISON
dialog: Is there a name yet?
text: Beat. The woman smiles for the first time.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Elijah.
text: She hands him the wrapped child. We can't see the baby, but THE PIERCING CRIES
text: SEEM TO GET LOUDER.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Is he supposed to be crying
dialog: like that?
text: The doctor lowers the baby to his lap and unwraps him.
text: The woman can't see her baby anymore. She watches Dr. Mathison as he looks down
text: and examines her child. Beat. Dr. Mathison doesn't look up for the longest time.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Can I have him back?
text: THE BABY'S CRYING IS RELENTLESS. UNNERVING. Beat.
text: The doctor finally glances up. He looks shaken. He makes eye contact with the
text: woman for only a second. It's enough. A chill goes through her body.
text: He looks to the three saleswomen who were in the room.
speaker_heading: DR. MATHISON
dialog: What happened during the
dialog: delivery?
text: His hard stare unsettles the women. The OLDER SALESWOMAN speaks up.
speaker_heading: OLDER SALESWOMAN
dialog: Nothing. It was very quick.
dialog: The baby just wanted to come
dialog: right out. There was no
dialog: problems.
speaker_heading: DR. MATHISON
dialog: Did you drop him?
text: Everyone becomes very still. The mother looks like she stopped breathing. THE
text: BABY'S SCREAMING ENGULFS THE ROOM.
speaker_heading: DR. MATHISON
dialog: Did you drop this baby?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: OLDER SALESWOMAN
dialog: Jesus Christ, no.
text: The BABY SCREAMS.
text: The doctor whispers something to himself, we can't hear. He looks up to the
text: saleswoman who brought him in.
speaker_heading: DR. MATHISON
dialog: Please inform the ambulance
dialog: we have a situation...
text: Dr. Mathison turns back to the mother. Beat.
speaker_heading: DR. MATHISON
dialog: I've never seen this... It
dialog: appears your infant
dialog: sustained some fractures
dialog: while in your uterus.
dialog: (beat)
text: His arms and legs are
dialog: broken.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION NEW JERSEY - DAY
scene_heading: LEGEND "PRESENT DAY"
text: A fountain of humanity bubbles up from the escalators to the train platform.
text: Businessmen take their last desperate drags of their cigarettes... Women
text: traveling with children herd their luggage and offspring into tight shapes as
text: they move... College students with backpacks look around dazed at the various
dialog: track numbers.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER(o.s.)
dialog: Last call track three,
dialog: Amtrak Clocker making it's
dialog: final stop at Philadelphia's
dialog: thirtieth street station.
dialog: First two passenger cars
dialog: only. First two cars only.
text: A face inside the train watches the stream of passengers emerging from the
text: escalators. DAVID DUNNE, a man in his early forties, rest his temple against the
text: glass and quietly observes the movement outside.
text: The train starts to pull out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PASSENGER CAR - DAY
text: David sits with his coat on his lap. He's wearing a tie. He doesn't look very
dialog: comfortable in it.
text: He feels a stare. He looks up to find a girl, six or seven years old, peering at
text: him from over the seat in front of him. She just gazes at him blankly.
text: He gives her a small forced smile. She doesn't react. David returns his head to
dialog: the window.
text: His eyes begin to shut with the lulling movement of the train.
speaker_heading: WOMAN(o.s.)
dialog: You alone?
text: David looks in the direction of THE VOICE. A WOMAN with dark hair and light blue
text: eyes stands in the aisle with two bags over her shoulder. She's wearing a tight
text: white t-shirt and jeans. She's beautiful.
dialog: David nods "yes."
text: The woman starts putting her bags on the shelf above the seats. She stretches to
text: get them up. Her toned stomach is exposed. She has a silver ring pierced through
dialog: her navel.
text: David has a gold ring on his hand. He fiddles with it. Beat. He gently slips off
text: his wedding band. It goes into his coat pocket.
text: The woman takes the seat next to him.
text: Beat. A LOUD VIOLENT BURST OF SOUND. The passenger car shakes as a passing
text: train barrels by two feet from David's window. It passes in a few seconds. The
text: car returns to a QUIET HUM.
text: David pulls a magazine out from the seat pocket in front of him.
text: He holds the woman's fashion magazine out.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Someone left these. You want
dialog: one?
text: The woman looks over the one being offered and then points to the Sports
text: Illustrated peeking out of the seat pocket.
text: David pulls the magazine out and gives it to her.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You like sports?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: It's my field. I represent
dialog: athletes. I'm an agent.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What a coincidence? I'm a
dialog: male synchronized swimmer
dialog: and I'm looking for
dialog: representation.
speaker_heading: WOMAN(smiling)
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: But I'm afraid of water, so
dialog: that's been holding my
dialog: career back a little bit.
text: The woman laughs.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You represent someone in
dialog: Philadelphia?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I'm meeting a player from
dialog: Temple University. He's a
dialog: cornerback. You like
dialog: football?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: This kid is six foot two,
dialog: two hundred and forty
dialog: pounds. He runs the fifty in
dialog: under six seconds. He's
dialog: going to be a God.
text: Beat. David studies the excitement in her eyes.
text: ANOTHER LOUD VIOLENT BURST OF SOUND. David waits till the opposing train passes.
text: The woman goes back to her magazine. Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm David Dunne.
text: The woman looks up.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Kelly.
text: She goes back to the magazine.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How long are you staying in
dialog: Philly?
text: KELLY looks up from her Sports Illustrated. Her striking blue eyes gaze at David.
dialog: Beat.
text: She holds up her hand. Taps the diamond ring on her finger.
speaker_heading: KELLY(soft)
dialog: I'm married.
speaker_heading: DAVID(fake excitement)
dialog: Great.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: DAVID(fake confusion)
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: An awkward silence.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I think you got the wrong
dialog: idea.
text: The woman stares at David. She looks down. Beat. Closes the magazine.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I'm going to find another
dialog: seat.
text: Kelly gets up. She balances herself against a headrest as the train rumbles. She
text: starts to the back of the car.
text: David sits alone. He looks like he's drowning, but there's no water.
text: He feels a stare. He glances up. The little girl spies on him from between the
dialog: seats.
text: David leans towards the window to avoid eye contact. His hand reaches into his
text: coat and slides out his wedding band. He puts it back on.
text: His temple touches the glass. The vibration of the train begins to lull his eyes
dialog: closed... Beat.
text: David's head bounces lightly against the window.
text: The shaking of the glass never allows David's eyes to completely close.
text: He sits up when he realizes the shaking is getting stronger.
text: He looks out the window. The scenery blurs as it flies by. Beat.
text: David turns. Some of the other passengers start to react as they realize the
text: train is picking up speed.
text: The normal bumps of the tracks become amplified.
text: The WORRIED VOICES OF THE TRAVELERS START FILL THE CABIN.
text: The train goes faster.
text: AND THEN THE HIGH PITCHED METAL ON METAL SCREECHING STARTS AS THE TRAIN BEGINS TO
scene_heading: TAKE A CURVE.
text: David's eyes move to the seat in front of him. The little girl is no longer
text: watching him.
text: DAVID LOOKS TO THE PASSENGERS ACROSS FROM HIM. He sees the ground slowly drop
text: away in the windows behind them as THEIR SIDE OF THE TRAIN STARTS TO RISE...
text: THE PASSENGERS SCREAM AS THE AMTRAK PASSENGER TRAIN BEGINS TO TILT OFF THE
text: TRACK...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: A boy, age ten, sits on his head on the family couch and watches television
text: upside down. His floppy brown hair spreads out in a circle in front of his red
text: face. He changes channels with a remote control.
text: He moves past the upside down cartoons and the upside down talk shows. He stops
text: on an upside down picture of a crashed train. Beat.
text: His knees come forward as he flips over. He tumbles slowly off the couch and onto
text: the carpet. JEREMY DUNNE gazes at the television screen... A LIVE AERIAL VIEW OF
text: A TRAIN WRECK SMOULDERING BELOW IS SEEN. Two trains are tangled like snakes.
text: Jeremy gets up and moves to a small table with a phone. Next to the phone is a
text: notepad. On it is written...
dialog: "Dad - Amtrak 177 - 3:40pm."
text: Jeremy looks at the television. At the bottom of the screen in red block letters
text: that move from right to left are words and numbers..."The 3:40 Amtrak 177 has
text: derailed... Amtrak Emergency number is 1-800-777-4322... The 3:40 Amtrak 177 has
dialog: derailed...Amtrak"
text: Jeremy doesn't take his eyes off the screen. He makes a small desperate noise
dialog: that no one hears.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICAL THERAPY CENTER - LATE AFTERNOON
text: An elderly woman can't hold back any longer and SCREAMS. An embarrassed, tortured
text: helpless scream.
text: MEGAN DUNNE continues applying pressure to her arm which is being pushed back as
dialog: far as it will go.
text: She counts to three and eases off. She lays her arm back in her lap.
text: WE ARE IN A PHYSICAL THERAPY CENTER. About a dozen people are on specialized
dialog: weight machines.
text: The elderly woman is seated on an exercise table and breathes slowly.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: You okay, Virginia?
text: Beat. VIRGINIA shakes her head, "No."
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: I'll put something on the
dialog: t.v. Maybe we'll find some
dialog: almost naked guys to inspire
dialog: you.
text: Megan reaches up to the t.v. monitor mounted on the wall. She turns it on and
text: starts flipping channels. She stops on ESPN where a swimming meet is underway.
text: Men in bikini swimsuits line the edges of the pool.
text: Virginia starts watching with great interest.
text: Megan's eyes move to the tiny print moving across the bottom of the screen. Her
text: face goes still as she reads the train number... 177.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: DAVID DUNNE'S EYES SLOWLY OPEN. THE DULL WHITE OF THE OVERHEAD TUBE LIGHTING
text: BLINDS HIM AT FIRST.
text: He blinks his vision back. He realizes he's in a bed.
text: WE HEAR AGITATED VOICES, MOVEMENT.
text: David looks around. He's in an emergency room. There are a half dozen prep areas
text: and beds next to him. They're all empty.
text: DAVID FOLLOWS THE URGENT SOUNDS OF ACTIVITY TO A PREP AREA DIRECTLY ACROSS FROM
speaker_heading: HIM.
text: He can only see glimpses of activity through the drawn curtain. A group of
text: emergency room personnel are treating a man whose body is twitching violently on
text: a gurney.
text: One of the group is a man who glances through the opening in the curtain. He
text: notices David sitting up from across the room.
text: THE MAN IN SCRUBS leaves the group and walks over.
speaker_heading: MAN IN SCRUBS
dialog: How are you feeling?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Okay.
text: He FLASHES A LIGHT in David's eyes.
speaker_heading: MAN IN SCRUBS
dialog: You are in the emergency
dialog: room of the University of
dialog: Pennsylvania Hospital. You
dialog: were in a serious accident.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How's your vision?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Fine.
text: David stares across as the scene with the other patients becomes more frantic and
dialog: disturbing.
speaker_heading: MAN IN SCRUBS
dialog: Where were you sitting on
dialog: the train?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Against a window.
speaker_heading: MAN IN SCRUBS
dialog: In the passenger car?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes. Where are the rest of
dialog: the passengers?
speaker_heading: MAN IN SCRUBS
dialog: Was your family traveling
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MAN IN SCRUBS
dialog: Did you get up from your
dialog: seat?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
text: David watches the other patient.
speaker_heading: MAN IN SCRUBS
dialog: You're certain you were in
dialog: the passenger car?
text: David turns to the man.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes... Why are you looking
dialog: at me like that?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MAN IN SCRUBS
dialog: Your train derailed... Some
dialog: kind of malfunction... It
dialog: took a curve way to fast. A
dialog: second train collided with
dialog: yours after it derailed. The
text: debris is spread over one
dialog: mile. It's unbelievable they
dialog: said.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They only found two people
dialog: alive so far... You and him.
text: David looks to the other passenger now laying unnaturally still in the desperate
text: whirlwind of activity around him.
speaker_heading: MAN IN SCRUBS
text: The man's skull was cracked
dialog: open and most of his left
dialog: side was crushed.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MAN IN SCRUBS
dialog: And to answer your question,
dialog: there are two reasons why
dialog: I'm looking at you like
dialog: this.
text: David turns and stares at the man.
speaker_heading: MAN IN SCRUBS
dialog: One, because it seems, in a
dialog: few minutes, you will
dialog: officially be the only
dialog: survivor of this train
dialog: wreck.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And two, because you don't
dialog: have a scratch on you. You
dialog: didn't break one bone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY RECEPTION AREA - EVENING
text: David moves through the depressing milky corridors of the hospital. He opens a
text: set of double doors.
text: A room crammed with cameras and photographers explodes with movement.
text: A CHILD'S VOICE BREAKS THEIR NOISE.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I told you!
text: Jeremy Dunne pushes forward through the mob of people and cameras. He bursts out
text: and runs to David. He wraps his arms around David's waist. David just stands
text: there, aware that the cameras are catching it all. He's overwhelmed.
text: Hospital staff and a couple police officers push the media back.
text: Jeremy tugs David to lean down. He does.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: They thought everybody on
dialog: the train died.
text: David looks at his son's face. Wipes the tears on his cheek.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I told them they were wrong.
text: A woman moves to them. David stands up and faces Megan Dunne.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Mom even cried.
text: David looks at Megan's eyes.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: A lot.
text: Megan looks away.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Not a lot.
text: They stand there for a moment. David looks shaken. Jeremy takes hold of his hand.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Let's go home.
text: Megan nods. They move to the exit. The pack of cameras and reporters burst to
text: life as they leave the building. They jockey for position to get a last glimpse
dialog: of David Dunne.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: David eats a bowl of pasta alone in a modest kitchen. He stares at his hand.
text: Opens and closes it slowly. Beat.
text: He rises and puts the bowl away in the sink.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT HALL - NIGHT
text: David stops just before rising the stairs. He glances into a bedroom at the
text: bottom of the stairs. The doorway is half open. He makes eye contact with his
dialog: wife. Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I don't think I got the job
dialog: in New York.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm still going to New York.
dialog: Just not this second.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: I don't want to drag this
dialog: out too long for Jeremy.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I know.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How about in the meantime,
dialog: you don't sleep in the
dialog: guestroom anymore?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You sleep in our room. I'll
dialog: sleep down here.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: It stopped being our room a
dialog: long time ago.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You should go up and get
dialog: some rest.
text: Beat. Megan slowly closes the door to the guest bedroom.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: David looks at his son asleep in his bed.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Jeremy, why don't you go
dialog: sleep with your mom?
speaker_heading: JEREMY(eyes closed)
dialog: I want to sleep here
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I think it's be better if I
dialog: was alone.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(eyes closed)
dialog: I won't make any noise.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How about your room then? If
dialog: you get scared like before,
dialog: you can come back in here?
text: Beat. Jeremy doesn't answer because he's asleep. David rubs his forehead and gets
text: up. He turns on the t.v., low volume, as he moves into the bathroom.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Hot water rushes over David's face as he stands in the shower. His attention is
text: drawn to the t.v. which is seen through the slightly open bathroom door.
text: He turns off the water to HEAR.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR(t.v.)
dialog: ...Derailed approximately
dialog: seven and half miles outside
dialog: Philadelphia. It came to
dialog: rest on its side on the
dialog: northbound tracks. It is
dialog: train officials belief that
dialog: some if not most of the
dialog: passengers were still alive
dialog: at this time.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR(t.v.)
dialog: The momentary peace lasted
text: only a few seconds. A Boston
dialog: bound freight train on the
dialog: northbound tracks was
text: seconds away from passing
dialog: train 177 when it derailed.
dialog: The impact happened at about
text: three-fifteen p.m. The first
dialog: of the two occupied
dialog: passenger cars was severed
dialog: in half and sent careening
dialog: in two directions. The
dialog: second of the passenger cars
dialog: was crushed and dragged for
text: four hundred feet. Six crew
dialog: members were on the freight.
dialog: One hundred and eighteen
dialog: passengers and seven crew
dialog: members were on the
dialog: passenger train... There is
dialog: one reported survivor.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Rescue teams will be working
dialog: for the next forty-eight
dialog: hours removing bodies and
dialog: debris.
text: David steps out of the shower. He sees a glimpse of Jeremy asleep in bed. David
text: shuts the door. Locks it.
text: He gets back into the shower and turns the water back on.
text: He closes his eyes. His face tightens up. He slowly hunches down and takes a seat
text: on the tiled floor of the shower. Water pours over him. Beat.
text: His muscular body begins to shake. Then we realize he's crying.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: EXT. FAIR - DAY
speaker_heading: LEGEND "1969"
text: A hazy afternoon. A fair has come into town. They have set up in the vast parking
text: lot of the local high school.
text: A line of women has formed in front of the portable bathrooms.
text: The striking African American woman we saw giving birth is now standing in line.
text: She is older and somehow more beautiful.
text: She stands with a skinny, almost ethereal looking African American boy. The boy
text: wears a metal brace on his leg. THE EIGHT YEAR OLD ELIJAH holds two oversized
text: stuffed animals in his arms. He looks back over his shoulder as THE SOUND OF
text: VOICES YELLING IN EXCITEMENT FILL THE AIR. His eyes dance over the many colorful
text: rides in the parking lot.
text: The door opens to one of the portable bathrooms. A woman steps out.
text: Elijah's mother touches his head and enters the three foot square plastic
text: bathroom. She turns back and gives him a look.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We'll play the water pistol
dialog: game next.
text: Elijah nods, "Yes" happily.
text: The mother closes the cubicle door. Elijah is left alone amongst the line of
text: women. They stare at him blankly. Their eyes moves over his leg brace. Elijah
text: doesn't like it. He moves away from the line.
text: A CRESCENDO OF CHEERS RISES IN THE AIR FROM SOMEWHERE IN THE FAIR. Elijah follows
text: the voices. He carries the stuffed animals through the crowds of people. CLICK.
text: CLICK. CLICK. His metal brace sounds as he walks.
text: For a moment, he sees nothing but bodies all around him.
text: He emerges amongst a huddle of teenagers who wait at a turnstile.
text: A man in a red and white striped coat takes their tickets and waves them in.
text: Elijah looks up and sees the sign above the turnstile... "The Hurricane."
text: He watches the teenagers giggle as they each into a grey cup-like seat. They pull
text: the metal bars down in front of them.
text: The man in the red and white stripes leaves the turnstile.
text: Elijah stares up at the multi-colored sign. Beat. He moves quickly. Ducks under
text: the turnstile and climbs onto the platform.
text: Elijah finds and empty circular seat. He slips inside the gray metal compartment
text: and sits. He pulls down the rusted metal bar in front of him.
text: He looks around at all the excited faces. His eyes fill with excitement too.
text: His small hands feel the cold metal of the interior of the compartment. His
dialog: expression changes.
text: Elijah looks to the stuffed animals in his arms. He presses them to check their
text: softness. He places the stuffed animals on either side of him on the seat. He's
text: wedged in between them. Feels good.
text: He reaches out and touches the hard rusted metal bar in front of him. Elijah
text: looks a little anxious. Beat.
text: He pulls off his sweater and wraps it around the bar. It goes around twice before
text: he ties the arms together. He checks its softness.
text: Elijah looks around the customized cup-like compartment he sits in. He smiles an
text: eight year old smile of pride.
text: AND THEN HE HEARS HIS MOTHER'S VOICE.
text: He searches around and finds her walking in the waves of people. He hears her
dialog: calling.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Elijah...
text: She moves in his direction by chance. She finds herself at the entrance to The
text: Hurricane ride. She looks up at the sign above the turnstile. Her worried eyes
text: immediately start searching the young faces in the gray circular compartments.
text: Her eyes meet Elijah's. He waves. Her face goes very still.
text: A HUGE ROAR OF MACHINERY as the ride starts up.
text: Elijah yells to his mother as the platform starts running.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I won't get hurt momma! I'm
dialog: safe!
text: HIS WORDS GET EATEN UP BY THE CHEERS OF THE TEENAGERS AND THE GRIND OF MACHINERY.
text: The platform spins. He sees a glimpse of his mother and the red and white striped
text: man. She's pointing at Elijah.
text: The platform turns... Elijah sees a flash of the red and white striped man's
text: angered face as he yells at the frantic woman next to him.
text: And then the ride speeds up.
text: The gray circular seats start to spin on their own. The teenagers CHEER.
text: Elijah's eyes fill with joy as the wind plays against his face.
text: Suddenly the ride changes directions. The cup-like seats get jerked. Everyone
text: grabs the metal bars to hold on.
text: Elijah laughs as he smashes into the stuffed animal on his right. It cushions him
text: and then falls to the floor of the compartment along with the other stuffed
dialog: animal.
text: Elijah's expression becomes tense as his compartment spins. His hands slide over
text: the rusted metal bar as the sweater unravels.
text: Elijah looks around... a sudden panic enters his eyes.
text: THE BLURRING IMAGE OF HIS MOTHER NOW IN A GROUP OF RED AND WHITE STRIPED MEN.
text: THE SOUND OF MACHINERY GRINDING IS HEARD as the ride changes directions
dialog: suddenly.
text: Elijah's hands rip away from the bar as he gets thrown to the side of the
text: compartment. His shoulder and arm takes the brunt of the impact. WE HEAR
text: SOMETHING CRACK.
text: TEENAGERS SCREAM IN EXCITEMENT. ELIJAH JOINS THEM WITH SCREAMS OF HIS OWN.
text: The ride spins its passengers. Elijah's small face looks up at the swirling
text: clouds in a mixture of agony and terror.
text: The ride changes directions.
text: Elijah is thrust forward. He hits the rusted metal bar square against his chest.
text: WE HEAR MORE CRACKS.
text: The world spins. Giggles and yells fill the air. Elijah slumps down onto the
text: floor of the compartment.
text: And then finally, the grind of the machinery slows and then comes to a gradual
dialog: stop.
text: THE TEENAGERS MOAN.
text: Elijah is facing directly up at the sky. The clouds now move slowly over him.
scene_heading: WE HEAR COMMOTION. AGITATED VOICES. HIS MOTHER'S DESPERATE VOICE.
speaker_heading: MOTHER(o.s.)
dialog: His bones... He's not
dialog: well...
text: HER VOICE GETS LOUDER AS SHE MOVES CLOSER TO THE PLATFORM.
speaker_heading: MOTHER(o.s.)
dialog: Elijah baby...
text: Then her face appears as she finds the cup-like seat Elijah is in. She begins to
dialog: scream.
text: Elijah lays on the bottom of the compartment. One arm is clutching his chest. The
text: other is curved horrifically like an "s". His mouth is open. His eyes are
text: bulging. The last thing we HERE ARE THE SHORT DESPERATE BREATHS of an eight year
text: old child about to black out from the pain.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: PRESENT: EXT. CHURCH - AFTERNOON
text: WE EMERGE FROM BLACK to find news vans and reporters lining the street across
text: from a church. They have been cordoned off by a handful of police. Mourners are
text: recorded as they emerge from their cars and enter the church.
text: David is among the arriving crowd.
speaker_heading: MAN(o.s.)
dialog: David Dunne!
text: At hearing his name, David turns back as he walks. He can't tell which reporter
text: called his name because all of them seem to react. A storm of camera movement as
text: the group jockeys for the best angle of his troubled face.
text: David passes a magnetic board as he enters the church. It reads, "Services for
dialog: the families and friends of train 177."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - AFTERNOON
text: A PRIEST stands before a podium.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Sarah Elaston, social worker
dialog: at Broad and Locust
dialog: Community Center. We pray
dialog: for your soul.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Kevin Elliott, business man,
dialog: father of six. We pray for
dialog: your soul.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Glen Stevens, researcher in
dialog: the area of Leukemia at
dialog: Drexel University. We pray
dialog: for your soul.
text: David sits amongst the mourners in the standing room only church. His eyes drift
text: to a woman two rows ahead of him. She's turned around, looking at him. Her eyes
text: are red from crying.
text: David looks away. His eyes stop on an old man far to his left just a few seats
text: away. Father, mother and daughter stare silently.
text: David surveys the entire church... Desperate inconsolable eyes question his
dialog: existence from every direction.
text: David has to look down.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: ...Jennifer Pennyman, third
dialog: grade teacher at Jefferson
dialog: Elementary.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We pray for your soul.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BACK OF CHURCH - AFTERNOON
text: David and the priest who conducted the mass are alone in the mass preparation
text: room. The priest looks in his fifties, eyes tired, blood shot.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I used to play football in
dialog: college. In my first year as
dialog: quarterback, we went on this
dialog: winning streak. It just went
dialog: on and on. It didn't matter
dialog: who we played... I'd always
dialog: win.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You get superstitious when
dialog: something like that happens.
dialog: You give things meaning.
dialog: Like you wear the same color
dialog: socks each game or you
dialog: listen to the same B.B. King
dialog: song before you leave the
dialog: apartment. I wouldn't even
dialog: untie the shoelaces on my
dialog: cleats. I'd just slip them
dialog: on and off so nothing would
dialog: change... I gave things
dialog: meaning that had no meaning.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm here to make sure I'm
dialog: not making shoelaces into
dialog: something they're not again.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was the only person to
dialog: survive that accident. The
dialog: only one... It feels like it
dialog: means something.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Are you a religious man,
dialog: David?
dialog: David nods, "No."
text: The priest removes the sacred stoll from his around his neck and kisses it before
text: folding it carefully.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Good. Because I'm going to
dialog: talk to you as a man. Not as
text: a man of the cloth.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Okay.
text: Beat. The priest turns to David.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: It was luck.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Luck... Random... Without
dialog: meaning.
text: David just sits awkwardly.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Three years ago, my cousin
dialog: died on a plane that crashed
dialog: on take off at Philadelphia
dialog: International airport. Do
dialog: you remember that crash?
dialog: David nods, "Yes."
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I prayed and prayed and
dialog: finally found some meaning
dialog: in the event. It gave me
dialog: peace... And then not quite
dialog: a year later, an entire
dialog: family from my parish burned
dialog: to death in a hotel fire
dialog: downtown...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Again I prayed. Again I
dialog: found meaning.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Just two days ago, my nephew
dialog: rode with you on that train
dialog: back from New York. He was
dialog: traveling alone for the
dialog: first time.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I'm sorry if I can't react
dialog: to your survival with the
dialog: appropriate 'It was the hand
dialog: of God. It was a miracle.'
dialog: kind of answer... I'm fresh
dialog: out of those right now.
text: David is shaken. Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID(soft)
dialog: The metal of the watch I was
dialog: wearing was crushed like a
text: sledge hammer hit it.
text: Beat. The priest's eyes fill with emotion.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: My twelve year old nephew's
dialog: neck was broken in four
dialog: places... What's your point?
dialog: You were chosen?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't think so.
text: The priest turns and continues putting away artifacts from the mass. Silence
text: fills the back room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH PARKING LOT - LATE AFTERNOON
text: No cameras greet his exit. No people anywhere.
text: David walks across the now empty parking lot. His car is the only one left.
text: He walks to the driver's side. Pulls out his keys. That's as far as he gets.
text: His eyes catch sight of the GRAY ENVELOPE tucked under the windshield wiper of
dialog: his car.
text: David moves forward and gently pulls it out. His name is typed on the front. He
text: turns it over. Two embossed words on the back.
dialog: "Limited Edition"
text: He opens the envelope. One line, handwritten, gazes at him from the gray index
dialog: card.
dialog: The line reads...
dialog: "<i>How many days of your life have you been sick?</i>"
dialog: Nothing else is written.
text: David Dunne looks around the empty parking lot quietly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMPLOYEE LOCKER ROOM - MORNING
text: A poorly lit changing room. A row of metallic lockers sits against one wall. A
text: bench splits the room. A brown folding table with Dunkin Donuts boxes and bagels
text: on it is crammed in the corner. A puke colored concrete floor sets the tone.
text: David and three other large men are changing out of their street clothes. They
text: all put on the same yellow short sleeve shirts. The same two words are written on
dialog: all their backs...
dialog: "Stadium Security"
text: This ritual goes on without a word.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN STADIUM CORRIDOR - MORNING
text: David walks along the massive curved wall around the outer rim of the stadium. As
text: he passes the different walkways we get glimpses of the enormous and empty
text: sixty-thousand seat football stadium on the inside.
text: David stops at a door marked "PERSONNEL".
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERSONNEL OFFICE - MORNING
text: David knocks on the door as he steps into the cramped reception room to the
dialog: personnel office.
text: The SECRETARY, an ancient woman with thick flabby arms never stops typing and
text: never looks up as she talks.
speaker_heading: ANCIENT SECRETARY
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Is Noel in?
speaker_heading: ANCIENT SECRETARY
dialog: No sir he is not.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I read about you in the
dialog: paper.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: ANCIENT SECRETARY
dialog: I was in an accident once
text: too. A horse almost trampled
dialog: me to death.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: ANCIENT SECRETARY
dialog: I had to put him down.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That's a sad story.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you think you could ask
dialog: Noel something for me?
text: The ancient secretary's right hand immediately picks up a pen and positions it
text: over a blank pad. Her left hand keeps typing. She never looks up.
speaker_heading: ANCIENT SECRETARY
dialog: Proceed.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Ask if he can check how many
dialog: sick days I've taken since
dialog: I've worked here?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ANCIENT SECRETARY
dialog: Is that the entire message?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STADIUM FIELD - AFTERNOON
text: Rain falls in sheets in the stadium.
text: David stands at the entrance to a tunnel that empties out onto the field. He
text: stands in an imposing dark green rain poncho and hood. The poncho almost touches
text: the ground. The word 'security' on the back has almost faded away. We can barely
text: see David's face under the hood.
text: There is a football game in progress on the enormous field. The players seem
text: unusually small. There is no one in the stands. About four hundred people are on
text: the sidelines of the field watching the players. A soggy limping banner stretched
text: behind them declares, "The Pennslvania Elementary School Championships."
text: David's eyes scan the tiny figures on the field. His eyes come rest on a surge of
text: activity on the sidelines. Beat.
text: David steps out into the rain.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SIDELINES - AFTERNOON
text: A handful of red faced fathers are yelling at each other. They're in each other's
text: rain soaked faces. The scene feels on the verge of physical violence.
text: David and another security guard jog over. David steps in the middle of the tight
text: circle. The men stop yelling in the presence of stadium security. Everyone just
text: stands in the rain glaring at each other. Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You know what I think about
dialog: to calm down? I think about
dialog: those big fat, hundred and
dialog: twenty pound turtles that
dialog: live in the islands. Those
dialog: suckers never get angry,
dialog: never get in fights and live
dialog: longer than all of us and
dialog: all they do all is sit on
dialog: the beach and hump other
dialog: turtles.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why don't we take a second
dialog: and think about the turtles?
text: Nobody moves. Rain washes over the agitated faces. A father breaks the moment.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Yeah Jerry why don't you
dialog: think about the fat ass
dialog: turtles... Like your fat ass
dialog: son on the field
dialog: jeopardizing the rest of our
dialog: chances at a fucking
dialog: championship.
text: David tenses. Everyone looks to JERRY. A bald man who stands just a foot away.
text: Jerry nods to himself. Looks like he's going to say something. Instead he lunges
text: forward and smashes a HEADBUTT to the man who spoke to him.
text: David tackles Jerry hard and fast. He drives him into the ground.
text: Blood starts rushing out of the nose of the dazed father who took the headbutt.
text: The other fathers start yelling and pushing each other. The remaining security
text: guard calls on his walkie for assistance.
text: David keeps Jerry immobilized in a powerful arm and head lock that holds the
text: man's enraged face hard into the wet surface of the field.
text: David's eyes are not on Jerry. They gaze out onto the field where twenty two
text: elementary school boys have stopped playing and are standing frozen, helmets off,
text: rain washing over their faces. They watch in horror as their parents attack each
text: other on the sidelines.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMPLOYEE LOCKER ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: David is the last one left. He's showered and back in his street clothes. He sits
text: in the dimly lit room on the bench, lost in his thoughts when the door opens.
text: He turns to find a somewhat pregnant looking man with a tie step in. This is
speaker_heading: NOEL.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hey Noel.
text: Beat. He just stares.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Forty dollars.
text: David turns on the bench.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: You're getting a forty
dialog: dollar raise per week...
dialog: that's it.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: I checked. You were right.
dialog: You've never taken a sick
dialog: day.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Five years, no sick days. I
dialog: get it. You want a raise.
dialog: You made your point.
text: The room is still. Beat.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: All right fifty dollars and
dialog: that's the god damn limit.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are we done here?
dialog: Beat. David nods, "Yes."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LIGHTS OUT.
text: David is wide awake in his bed. He glances over. Jeremy is in deep sleep next to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUEST ROOM - NIGHT
text: David knocks again quietly. The guest bedroom door opens.
text: Megan looks up at David. She's just woken up.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
dialog: Is Jeremy okay?
speaker_heading: DAVID(low voice)
text: He's asleep.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
dialog: Oh.
text: Beat. They both stand awkwardly for a moment.
speaker_heading: DAVID(low voice)
dialog: I wanted to ask you a
dialog: question. It'll sound
dialog: strange, but just think
dialog: about it for a second.
dialog: Megan nods, "Yes."
speaker_heading: DAVID(low voice)
dialog: When's the last time I was
dialog: sick? You remember?
text: Megan tries to mask her reaction to the oddness of the question. Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
dialog: I don't know. It's been a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: DAVID(low voice)
dialog: I haven't been sick this
dialog: year. I know that.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: DAVID(low voice)
dialog: Do you remember me getting
dialog: sick?
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
dialog: Not a specific day. What's
dialog: this about?
speaker_heading: DAVID (low voice)
dialog: Megan, do you ever remember
dialog: me getting sick?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID(low voice)
dialog: In the three years we've
dialog: been in this house?... In
dialog: the old apartment?... Before
dialog: Jeremy was born?... Before
dialog: we were married?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
dialog: ...I can't remember.
speaker_heading: DAVID(low voice)
dialog: That's strange isn't it? Not
dialog: remembering one fever... Or
dialog: a cold... Or a sore throat.
dialog: What do you think that
dialog: means?
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
dialog: It means we're probably to
dialog: tired to remember.
text: David becomes quiet as he thinks. Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
dialog: Is that what you wanted to
dialog: ask me?
speaker_heading: DAVID(low voice)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
dialog: Is there anything else you
dialog: wanted to ask me while I'm
dialog: up?...
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
dialog: ...When was the last time
dialog: you wore pink? When was the
dialog: last time you drank soup
dialog: standing up? Final call for
dialog: strange questions at two in
dialog: the morning.
speaker_heading: DAVID(low voice)
dialog: No that's it.
text: David seems lost in his thoughts.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
dialog: Maybe you should go up.
dialog: Jeremy might see you're gone
dialog: and get frightened.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The train thing, really
dialog: shook him up. He's scared
dialog: something's going to happen
dialog: to you. He doesn't want to
dialog: let you out of his sight.
text: David stares at Megan. Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID(low voice)
dialog: Yeah. I know.
text: There's silence for a bit.
speaker_heading: DAVID(low voice)
dialog: When was the last time I
dialog: wore pink?
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
dialog: The Mitchell barbecue three
dialog: years ago.
speaker_heading: DAVID(realizing)
dialog: Oh shit...
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
text: Matching shirt and shorts.
dialog: It was brutal.
text: David half-smiles as Megan turns and starts back into the guest room.
speaker_heading: DAVID(low voice)
dialog: Goodnight Megan.
text: Megan looks back at her husband. Just for a moment. Then she looks down.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(low voice)
dialog: Goodnight David.
text: Megan closes the door slowly shut.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - AFTERNOON
text: WE EMERGE in a cramped sparse bedroom.
speaker_heading: LEGEND "1974"
text: A thirteen year old Elijah sits in a chair with his arm in a sling. He watches a
text: small black and white television in the corner of the room.
text: WE HEAR FOOTSTEPS. Elijah's mother walks into the room. She looks around for a
text: moment, and then moves to the television. Turns it off.
text: The room GOES SILENT.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: No more sitting in this
dialog: room. I've let it go on long
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I'm not going out anymore.
dialog: I'm not getting hurt again.
dialog: This was the last time. I
dialog: told you.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: You can't do anything about
dialog: that. You might fall between
dialog: that chair and this
dialog: television. If that's what
dialog: God has planned for you,
dialog: that's what's going to
dialog: happen. You can't hide from
dialog: it in your room.
text: Elijah just sits staring at the dark television screen.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: They call me Mr. Glass at
dialog: school. Cause I break like
dialog: glass.
text: Elijah's face is tense. Unyielding. Beat.
text: Elijah's mother says the next words in almost a whisper.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: ...You make this decision
dialog: now to be afraid...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And you'll never turn back
dialog: your whole life. You'll
dialog: always be afraid.
text: Elijah's eyes move from the television to his mother. He sees the emotion in her
text: face. Neither says anything for a while. Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: ...I got a present for you.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: Forget why. Do you want it
dialog: or not?
text: Elijah thinks it over. He nods, "Yes."
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: Well, go get it then.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
text: On a bench, across the
dialog: street.
text: Elijah looks at his mother with disbelief.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: You calling me a liar?
text: She points to the window. Beat. Elijah gets up and moves to the only window in
dialog: the room.
text: The view from his room looks out over a narrow street. On the other side of the
text: street is a public playground. A handful of children are playing on it.
text: There are three benches to one side of the swings. On one of them is a THIN
text: PACKAGE wrapped in brown paper with a bow on it.
text: Elijah looks to his mom who has joined him at the window.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Someone's gonna take it.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: Then you better get out
dialog: there soon.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYGROUND - AFTERNOON
text: Elijah walks across the playground. He's very wary of the other children running
dialog: about him.
text: He walks towards the bench with the present on it. Takes a seat. Puts the package
text: on his lap. It's flat. The edges of the bend down over his thin legs.
text: He undoes the white bow. He peels off the clear tape holding the brown paper
text: together. He unfolds the paper. Beat.
text: Elijah stares down at the single comic book in his lap.
text: He feels the shadow of his mother. She takes a seat next to him.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: I bought a whole bunch.
dialog: They'll be one of these
dialog: waiting for you, every time
dialog: you want to come out here.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: They said this one has a
dialog: surprise ending.
text: Elijah looks to his mother. His intelligent piercing eyes take her in for a
dialog: moment.
text: He looks back down at his lap. He opens the first page...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. STORE - DAY
text: The same intelligent piercing eyes, twenty-five years older. Elijah has grown
text: into a handsome, regal looking man. He leans on a walking stick.
text: He's looking at an impressively framed charcoal sketch on a wall. Two figures are
text: depicted on the top of a building locked in fierce battle. One figure is
text: extremely muscular with a mask. The other is half human, half animal.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: This is from Fritz
dialog: Champion's own library. This
dialog: is before the first issue of
dialog: the comic book hit the
dialog: stands in 1968.
text: Elijah glances at the BUSINESS MAN standing next to him and then back to the
dialog: sketch.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: It's a classic depiction of
dialog: good versus evil. Notice the
dialog: square jaw of Slayer -
dialog: common in most comic book
dialog: heroes. And the slightly
dialog: disproportionate size of
text: Jaguaro's body to his head.
dialog: This again is common, but
dialog: only in villains... The
dialog: thing to notice about this
dialog: piece... The thing that
dialog: makes it very, very
dialog: special... is its realistic
dialog: depiction of its figures.
dialog: When the characters
dialog: eventually made it into the
dialog: magazine they were
dialog: exaggerated... as always
dialog: happens.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is vintage.
text: The business man rubs his face. Gazes at the sketch. Beat.
speaker_heading: BUSINESS MAN
dialog: Wrap it up.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: You've made a considerably
dialog: wise decision.
text: Elijah starts to the back of the store which we now see is some type of art
text: gallery where all the framed pictures are images and sketches from comic books.
speaker_heading: BUSINESS MAN
dialog: My kid's gonna go berserk.
text: Elijah jams his walking stick into the extra thick carpet and stops. He turns.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Once again please?
speaker_heading: BUSINESS MAN
dialog: My son Jeb. It's a gift for
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: How old is Jeb?
speaker_heading: BUSINESS MAN
dialog: Four.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: No.
text: Elijah starts back to the businessman shaking his head strongly.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: No, no, no, no no... You
dialog: need to go now.
speaker_heading: BUSINESS MAN
dialog: What did I say?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Do you see any Telletubbies
dialog: around here?... Do you see
text: a slender plastic tag
dialog: clipped to my shirt with my
dialog: name printed on it?... Do
dialog: you see a little Asian child
text: with a blank expression
text: sitting outside in a
dialog: mechanical helicopter that
dialog: shakes when you put a
dialog: quarter in it?... No?...
dialog: Well that's what you see at
dialog: a toy store? Any you must
dialog: think this is a toy store,
dialog: cause you're in here
dialog: shopping for an infant named
dialog: Jeb. One of us has made a
dialog: gross error and wasted the
dialog: other person's valuable
dialog: time...
text: Elijah's eyes pierce through the shaken man.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: This is an art gallery my
dialog: friend. This is piece of
dialog: art...
text: Elijah points at the sketch.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: This is one of seventeen
dialog: original drawings by Fritz
dialog: Champion remaining in the
dialog: world. It's value will
dialog: triple every year... This
dialog: piece is to be treasured. To
dialog: be cherished... To be
dialog: coveted by every single one
dialog: of your banker friends that
dialog: think they're better than
dialog: you.
text: The business man stares at the sketch with large eyes. Beat.
speaker_heading: BUSINESS MAN
dialog: What if I kept it?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I'm listening.
speaker_heading: BUSINESS MAN
dialog: I'll keep it in my office
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: What about Jeb?
speaker_heading: BUSINESS MAN
dialog: I have a lock on the door.
text: Elijah just stares.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Will it be near a window?
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: No direct sunlight will fall
dialog: on it.
text: Elijah eyes the man for many seconds. Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Come back in three days.
dialog: I'll think about it.
text: Elijah starts to the back. He passes the front door as two customers walk in.
text: Elijah talks over his shoulder to them.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: We're by appointment only.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I received a card from your
dialog: store.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Congratulations, you have a
dialog: mailbox... The sale isn't
dialog: for two weeks.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: This one was under the
dialog: windshield of my car.
text: Elijah turns and faces the customers for the first time. David Dunne stands with
dialog: Jeremy.
text: Elijah just stands staring for the longest time. Beat. He walks closer to them.
text: When Elijah speaks, his voice has a whispery quality to it.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: You've never been sick?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I don't know for sure.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...I don't think so.
text: David and Elijah quietly look at each other. Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Well if this ain't a riddle
dialog: worthy of the Riddler?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LIMITED EDITION - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Three chairs have been placed on the walkway in front of the bay window of the
text: store. The words, "Limited Edition" are etched in the window.
text: David, Jeremy and Elijah are seated watching the people stroll by. Elijah's cane
text: is on his lap.
text: Jeremy sips a drink in a paper cup.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: So let's get some of the
dialog: usual questions out of the
dialog: way. Why am I using a cane?
dialog: Raise your hand if you were
dialog: thinking that.
text: Jeremy raises his hand.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I fractured my leg. It's the
dialog: fifth time I've done that
dialog: particular bone. It didn't
dialog: really heal well this time.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Raise your hand is you're
dialog: wondering who the hell
dialog: breaks the same bone five
dialog: times?
text: Jeremy and David raise their hands.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I have something called
dialog: Osteogenesis Imperfecta.
dialog: It's a genetic disorder. I
dialog: don't make this particular
dialog: type of protein very well
dialog: and it makes my bones very
dialog: low in density, very easy to
dialog: break. I've had fifty-four
dialog: breaks in my life. I have
dialog: the tamest version of the
dialog: disorder... Type one.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There are type two, type
dialog: three, and type four. Type
dialog: four's don't make it very
dialog: long...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That ends our lecture on the
dialog: medical anomaly known as
dialog: Elijah Price.
text: Elijah stares at his two rapt listeners.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: How certain are you that you
dialog: haven't been sick in your
dialog: life?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Seventy-five percent.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Seventy-five percent? That's
dialog: not nearly good enough for
dialog: me. I'm extremely skeptical.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Skeptical about what?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Your answer to my question.
dialog: It's one thing to have never
dialog: been injured in your life,
dialog: but to state that you've
dialog: never taken ill, well that's
dialog: a whole new level.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Dad's been injured.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: What's he talking about?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: In college. A car accident.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Was it serious?
dialog: David nods.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: He couldn't play football
dialog: anymore.
text: Beat. Elijah looks shaken.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I assumed because of the
dialog: train.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You assumed wrong.
text: Elijah closes his eyes. When his eyes open, the life force in them has
dialog: diminished. Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
text: It's over.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You can go now.
text: Elijah uses his cane to get up and walk back through the doors of the store.
scene_heading: INT. LIMITED EDITION - LATE AFTERNOON
text: David and Jeremy enter the store. Elijah leans on a walking stick before one of
text: the framed sketches. He gazes at it quietly.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I think you skipped a couple
dialog: steps.
text: Elijah turns.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You forgot the "Now I'm
dialog: going to tell you what the
dialog: hell is going on" step. See
dialog: usually that comes before
dialog: the, "It's over" Step. And
dialog: it always, always comes
dialog: before the "You can go"
dialog: Step.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What is over?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: The life of an idea that has
dialog: lived too long in my head.
text: David stares at Elijah impatiently.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: There are probably only four
dialog: or five individuals in the
dialog: world who can claim more
dialog: knowledge of comics than
dialog: myself. I've spent a third
dialog: of my life in a hospital bed
dialog: with nothing else to do but
dialog: read. I have studied the
dialog: form intimately. I have seen
dialog: the patterns in them... The
dialog: references to social and
dialog: cultural events and the
dialog: atmosphere that surrounded
dialog: them. I've come to believe
dialog: that comics are our last
dialog: link to the ancient way of
dialog: passing on history.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: The Egyptians drew pictures
dialog: on walls about battles, and
dialog: events. Countries all around
dialog: the world still pass on
dialog: knowledge through pictorial
dialog: forms.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I believe that comics, just
dialog: at their core now... have a
dialog: truth. They are depicting
dialog: what someone, somewhere felt
dialog: or experienced. Then of
dialog: course that core got chewed
dialog: up in the commercial machine
dialog: and gets jazzed up, made
dialog: titillating - cartooned for
dialog: the sale rack.
text: Elijah gazes at David.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: This city has had its share
dialog: of disasters. Well
dialog: publicized ones. It was
dialog: around the time of that
dialog: plane crash, when it first
dialog: entered my head. And there
dialog: it stayed, as I waited and
dialog: watched the news over the
dialog: years...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And then one day I see a
text: news report on a train
dialog: accident and its sole
dialog: survivor who was
text: miraculously unharmed.
dialog: (soft)
dialog: And just like that, an idea
text: blossoms into the flower of
dialog: possible reality.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What was your idea Elijah?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH(soft)
dialog: If there is someone like me
dialog: in the world, and I'm at one
dialog: end of the spectrum...
dialog: Couldn't there be someone
dialog: the opposite of me, at the
dialog: other end?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A person who can't be hurt
dialog: like the rest of us. A kind
dialog: of person they were talking
dialog: about in those stories.
text: Elijah points at the framed comic sketches.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH(soft)
dialog: A person they believed was
dialog: put here to protect the rest
dialog: of us. Guard us.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You thought my dad was a
dialog: real-
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Jeremy don't take another
dialog: sip of that drink.
text: Jeremy looks down at the paper cup in his hands.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Throw it in the trashcan
text: near the door and wait for
dialog: me outside. Do it now
dialog: please.
text: David waits for Jeremy to exit the store. Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: At the church... You were
dialog: following me weren't you?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Technically no. I gambled
dialog: that you would attend the
dialog: church service. I just
dialog: waited for you.
text: David glares at Elijah.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What's this about? This is
dialog: obviously some scam. Is this
dialog: where you tell me one of
dialog: those pictures is like an
dialog: investment?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: You've misunderstood.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I see guys like you all the
dialog: time in my work. You find
dialog: someone you think is
dialog: emotionally vulnerable and
dialog: you tell them a fantastic
dialog: story, utterly convincing...
dialog: and somewhere in there, you
dialog: slip it in... 'I just need
dialog: your credit card number','I
dialog: just need a small down
dialog: payment.'
text: David shakes his head. He smiles out of frustration. Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Did you know that this
dialog: morning was the first
dialog: morning I can remember, that
dialog: I didn't open my eyes and
dialog: feel that sadness... Do you
dialog: know what I'm talking about?
dialog: That little bit of sadness?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I thought the person that
dialog: wrote that note had an
dialog: answer for me. For why I
dialog: survived that train. For why
dialog: my life feels so out of
dialog: balance...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I guess that's what you
dialog: were counting on.
text: Elijah stares carefully at David. Beat. David glances over to the entrance.
text: Jeremy watched through the window concerned.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm going to leave now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Good luck with your sale.
text: Elijah watches David walk towards the front door.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: What type of job do you have
dialog: David?
text: David opens the door. He looks back at Elijah.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: You mentioned you've met
dialog: 'guys like me' in your work.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What type of job would that
dialog: be?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I work at the stadium as a
dialog: security guard.
text: Beat. David closes the door behind him. Elijah watches through the window as
text: Jeremy takes David's hand as they cross the street.
text: Elijah gazes out the window in a bit of a daze.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: ALL LIGHTS ARE OUT EXCEPT THE SMALL BEDSIDE LAMP ON DAVID'S SIDE.
text: David sits up in bed staring at a torn section of newspaper in his hands.
text: Jeremy is asleep horizontally with his legs over David's legs.
text: David doesn't blink as he gazes at the headline silently...
scene_heading: "TRAIN CRASH DEATH TOLL CONFIRMED AT 131 DEAD. 1 SURVIVOR"
text: Beat. David slides out from under his son's legs. Jeremy stirs but doesn't wake
dialog: up.
text: David moves to the darkness of the corner of the room. He opens a closet door.
text: A NAKED HANGING BULB GOES ON as David yanks a chain. David steps inside the
text: narrow closet and closes the door slightly so the LIGHT FROM THE BULB DOESN'T
scene_heading: FALL ON JEREMY.
text: There's just enough room to stand and look around. David reaches up and pulls a
text: small travel bag out of the way. David stretches as he feels on the top shelf.
text: His hand comes down with something wrapped in a t-shirt. He unwraps it. It's a
text: handgun.
text: He stares at it for a beat before wrapping it back up and replacing it to the
dialog: highest shelf.
text: He stretches even more. Reaches farther back. WE HEAR SOMETHING SLIDE ON THE
text: SHELF AS HE PULLS IT FORWARD.
text: He pulls down a folder jammed with clippings. He opens the folder to reveal a
text: young David in football uniform holding his helmet in the air victoriously. The
text: word "Champion" is written over his head. David flips through the top clippings
text: - all are images and stories of David and football.
text: He turns the pile over. Goes to the last clipping. This piece of paper is folded
text: over three times, unlike the others. He opens it.
text: It's a newspaper headline. It reads...
text: "CAR ACCIDENT LEAVES TWO INJURED"
text: David puts the new headline next to the old one... They look like a set. Even the
text: font is similar.
text: David stares at the old headline. Stares hard at the photo of the bent and
text: heavily damaged car laying upside down in the middle of the highway... The bulb
text: seems to flicker. David is utterly still.
text: SOMEONE KNOCKS AT THE BEDROOM DOOR. David gets startled.
text: He puts back the clippings. Stuffing the new one inside with them. He replaces it
text: back to the top shelf and leaves the closet.
text: ANOTHER SOFT SET OF KNOCKS as David moves across the bedroom. He opens the door.
text: Megan stands in the darkened hall. Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID(whisper)
dialog: Hi.
text: Megan nods. Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(whisper)
dialog: I've come to a decision.
speaker_heading: DAVID(whisper)
dialog: Oh.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(whisper)
dialog: Let me just ask you
dialog: something okay? And you can
dialog: be totally honest. I'm
dialog: prepared for any answer. It
dialog: won't affect me...
dialog: David nods, "yes."
speaker_heading: MEGAN(whisper)
dialog: Have you been with anyone?
dialog: Since we started having
dialog: problems? The answer won't
dialog: affect me.
text: Beat. David stares at his wife.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(whisper)
dialog: It won't affect me either
dialog: way.
text: Beat. David doesn't say anything. He just nods, "No."
text: Megan's face starts to tremble. She starts crying. Tears roll over her very
text: affected face. She tries to wipe them away, but there's too many. Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(soft)
dialog: ...My decision is... I'd
dialog: like to start again. Pretend
dialog: we're at the beginning.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's a big deal you walked
dialog: away from that train. It's
dialog: a second chance.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you want to ask me out
dialog: sometime, that would be
dialog: okay.
text: Megan nods and walks down the stairs as she wipes her face. David watches her
text: disappear into the shadows.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VETERAN'S STADIUM - AFTERNOON
text: Sunday afternoon. The cavernous stadium opens up into a picture perfect blue sky.
text: The Philadelphia Eagles pro football players are in uniform and doing stretches
text: on the field. The opposing team warms up on the other end of the field.
text: The sixty thousand seats are already half filled as fans stream in on every level
dialog: of the stadium.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE GATE 27B - AFTERNOON
text: A line of ticket holders snakes towards two turnstiles where stadium crew are
dialog: ripping tickets.
text: David Dunne stands to one side with two other security guards.
text: The fans moving through the turnstiles are clad in all types of Eagles
text: paraphernalia. A group of girls carries a homemade banner that David reads as he
text: tilts his head sideways. "We sleep with quarterbacks," is written in block
dialog: letters.
text: David stares at a woman carrying a newborn infant in her arms. The baby is
text: wearing an eagles uniform.
text: The WALKIE TALKIE on David's hip bursts to life. He pulls it off his hip an
dialog: listens.
speaker_heading: WALKIE
dialog: Dunne, it's Jenkins, we got
text: a guy at gate 17C with a
dialog: bogus ticket. Says he knows
dialog: you. He won't tell me his
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: DAVID(into walkie)
dialog: What's he look like?
speaker_heading: WALKIE
dialog: He's got the most beautiful
dialog: eyes... The hell kind of
dialog: question is that? He's a
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: DAVID(into walkie)
dialog: Send him packing. I'm not
text: walking all the way over
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: WALKIE
dialog: Consider him packed. I
dialog: didn't like his attitude...
text: Struttin around with a cane
dialog: and shit.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID(into walkie)
dialog: Hold up Jenkins...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE GATE 17C - AFTERNOON
text: David finds Elijah waiting to the side as the crowds funnel through the gate.
text: Elijah offers his hand as he walks up. David doesn't take it.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: They said I couldn't get in
dialog: with my ticket.
text: Elijah offers him the ticket. David inspects it.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It's for last week's game.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I've come to understand
dialog: that...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: An ill advised purchase in
dialog: the parking lot.
text: David hands Elijah back the ticket.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Not money.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I appreciate your
dialog: healthy cynicism in the
dialog: manner. It will be wise for
dialog: both of us to proceed with
dialog: greatest caution.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We're not proceeding
dialog: anywhere together.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: We've already begun.
text: David looks around.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: One more time. What is it
dialog: you want?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Why is it, do you think,
dialog: that of all the professions
dialog: in the world... you chose
dialog: protection?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Are you for real?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: You could have poured coffee
dialog: in Starbucks, you could have
dialog: learned to install track
dialog: lighting in office
dialog: buildings, you could have
dialog: told people their horoscopes
dialog: on the internet... You could
dialog: have been one of ten
dialog: thousand things... but in
dialog: the end, you chose to
dialog: protect people. You made
dialog: that decision... and I find
dialog: that very, very interesting.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now all I need is your
dialog: credit card number.
text: Beat. Elijah smiles.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: That last part was a joke.
text: David fights it. But he smiles anyway. Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I got this job because my
dialog: college coach called the guy
dialog: who manages the stadium.
dialog: There's no hidden meaning to
dialog: it.
text: David's walkie makes NOIES on his hip.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: They need me at the gate.
text: David stares at Elijah leaning on his walking stick.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Did you really want to see
dialog: the game? I can get you in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE GATE 27B - AFTERNOON
text: The line of fans outside the gate has tripled in size and intensity.
text: David and Elijah move along the line towards the turnstiles.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It gets heaviest ten minutes
dialog: before kickoff.
text: David bumps a guy in line wearing an army jacket. David looks backs at him and
text: continues walking.
text: David moves to a security guard near the turnstiles.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Why don't we pat down?
text: David walks to his post near the gate and faces the crowd. Elijah moves next to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Just give me a minute.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Is there a problem?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That guy in green. Sometimes
dialog: people carry weapons in
dialog: here. Then they drink too
dialog: much. They're team isn't
dialog: doing so well, bad things
dialog: happen... We do random pat
dialog: downs of the crowd to
dialog: discourage people from
dialog: carrying.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If he's carrying, he'll step
text: out of line.
text: Elijah observes as a security team pats down random males as they move through
text: the turnstiles.
text: The GREEN ARMY JACKETED MAN moves forward in the line. His face is blank as he
text: watches the pat down ahead of him. He's twenty people from the turnsstile.
text: David eyes him. Fifteen people away... Ten...
text: The man coughs and steps out of the line. Elijah watches the green army jacket
text: melt into the thick part of the crowd and disappear as it moves away from the
dialog: stadium.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM TUNNEL - AFTERNOON
text: AN UNLIT arched concrete passageway. The SUNLIGHT from the stadium streams in
text: causing long shadows.
text: Elijah stands waiting in the ground tunnel by himself.
text: THE THUNDEROUS CHEERS OF THE SIXTY THOUSAND FANS IN THE STADIUM ECHOES FROM THE
text: FIELD INTO THE TUNNEL.
text: David enters the tunnel and joins Elijah. He hands him a ticket.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I got you a seat in the
dialog: seven hundred level.
dialog: (points straight up)
dialog: It's nose-bleed territory,
dialog: but at least you won't get
dialog: spit on.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: How did you know that man
dialog: you bumped was carrying a
dialog: weapon?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Probably the army jacket.
dialog: Those guys carry hunting
dialog: knives and stuff for show.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: You thought he was carrying
dialog: a knife?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I thought he was carrying
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: But not a knife?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I got this picture of a
text: silver handled gun tucked in
text: his pants.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Like on t.v.
text: Elijah stares at David. THE STADIUM CHEERS BOUNCE OFF THE GRAY WALLS.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: You have good instincts when
dialog: it comes to things like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Telling when people have
dialog: done something wrong?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Have you ever tried to
dialog: develop it?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I don't know what you're
dialog: asking?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: You're skill.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Listen. I got to be on the
dialog: sidelines during the game...
dialog: You can get to your seat by
dialog: taking the stairwell at-
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Characters in comic books
dialog: are often attributed special
dialog: powers. X-ray vision, things
dialog: of that sort.
text: David exhales slowly as he stares at Elijah.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Okay, I don't want to play
dialog: this game anymore.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: It's an exaggeration of the
dialog: truth. Maybe it's based on
dialog: something as simple as
dialog: instinct. Like being able to
dialog: touch someone and tell
dialog: whether they've done
dialog: something wrong... Or the
dialog: level of what they've done
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: The guy might not have been
dialog: carrying anything.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Or he might have been
text: carrying a silver handled
text: gun tucked in his pants.
text: David's WALKIE ERUPTS WITH NOISE.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I have to go now.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: One last question.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Quick.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: The car accident you were
dialog: in... Was there anyone else
dialog: involved?
text: The two men stand very still in the tunnel.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes. My wife Megan. She was
dialog: in the car with me.
text: David turns and starts down the hall. David talks back over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Have a good life Elijah and
dialog: try to buy your tickets at
dialog: an authorized sales
dialog: location.
text: Elijah watches as the silhouetted figure of David Dunne jogs down the darkness of
dialog: the tunnel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAR - LATE AFTERNOON
text: We are inside a customized car. The dashboard is covered in some sort of thin
text: foam padding. The steering wheel and gear shift have the same padding. Every
text: corner and hard surface has been safe guarded. Elijah sits behind the wheel of
text: his car in the parking lot of the stadium. He sits as thoughts crash at his head.
dialog: Beat.
text: He finally reaches for the keys and starts up the car. He looks into the rearview
text: mirror and sees the man in the GREEN ARMY JACKET pass behind his car.
text: Elijah quickly turns and sees the man moving through the parked cars heading out
dialog: of the parking lot.
text: Elijah takes a deep breath and turns off the engine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Elijah's walking stick makes RHYTHMIC CLICKS on the concrete parking lot.
text: The figure in the army jacket seems to move farther away with every step.
text: Elijah starts breathing harder. He pushes himself to move faster. He avoids the
text: hard chrome bumpers and tailpipes that jut out from the cars as he quickens his
text: pace through the lot.
text: He gains on the army jacket.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH(calls out)
dialog: Hold up for a second!
text: The man in the army jacket turns as he reaches a subway entrance that marks the
text: end of the parking lot. He looks back at Elijah for a beat. Doesn't like what he
text: sees. He disappears into the subway entrance.
text: Elijah quickens into a jog now. He hasn't done this in a while and it's painful.
text: He makes it with great strain to the subway.
text: He looks into the entrance...
text: A steep flight of stairs leads to the subway floor. The tail of the army jacket
text: is glimpsed before it disappears.
text: Elijah breathes hard as he takes hold of the railing.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH(calls out)
dialog: I just want to ask you
dialog: something!
text: Elijah's VOICE ECHOES down the stairs. No response.
text: Elijah starts his descent.
text: THE SOUND OF A SUBWAY PULLING IN ROARS UP THE STAIRS.
text: Elijah has to move fast. He takes the steps with less and less hesitation. He's
text: moving with great agility... and then his foot catches on a step.
text: His hand slips away from the railing...
text: He falls down the remaining part of the stairs. The FIRST SICKENING CRACK is
text: heard when his hand reaches out to stop his fall.
text: The SECOND CRACK IS MORE LIKE A CRUNCH AS HIS LEG LANDS AWKWARDLY ON THE METAL
speaker_heading: STAIRS.
text: He comes to a stop in a pile on the dirty gum stained floor of the subway
text: landing. His jaw is locked in a HORRIFIC SCREAM THAT GETS EATEN BY THE ROAR OF
text: THE SUBWAY TRAIN PULLING IN.
text: His contorted anguished face sees the turnstiles of the subway upside down. The
text: green army jacketed man looks back at Elijah with a blank expression pushing
text: through the turnstile.
text: The last thing Elijah sees before he blacks out, is the tail of the man's coat
text: riding up as he move through the turnstile. The SILVER HANDLE OF A GUN peeks out
text: from the belt of his pants.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP - DUSK
text: David's neighborhood turns crimson as the day comes to an end. The Septa bus
text: pulls to a stop in front of a public high school. David steps off, still in his
text: security clothes. The bus pulls away as he hears his SON'S VOICE.
text: David turns to the high school football field behind him. A group of children are
text: having a touch football game. Jeremy runs out from the huddle across the field to
dialog: David.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Was it sold out?
dialog: David nods, "No."
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You know how mad your mom
dialog: would be if she knew you
dialog: were playing football?
text: Jeremy nods.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Are you going to tell?
dialog: David nods, "No."
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You want yo play the last
dialog: downs? We got a big guy like
dialog: you. You can play on
dialog: opposite sides.
text: David looks to the fields to see a very muscular college age man in sweats who
text: stands with the other children.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: He's Potter's cousin. He's
dialog: the starting corner back for
dialog: Temple University.
text: David stares at his son.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
text: He going pro in the draft.
dialog: They say he can run the
dialog: fifty-
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: In under six seconds.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I've heard.
text: David watches the cornerback being surrounded by kids. He's letting a couple of
text: the kids feel his flexed bicep.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm going to go in.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
text: Just play one set of downs.
dialog: I told them you were great.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Why'd you do that?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Just one-
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Jeremy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm going in. I have to do
dialog: some things.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What things?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm going to work out.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I'll help you.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: There's nothing to do.
text: Jeremy turns back to the children and waves.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(yells)
dialog: I can't play! I'm working
dialog: out with my dad!
text: Jeremy turns back to his father and takes his hand. David looks down at his son
text: who waits patiently.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - EARLY EVENING
text: The basement is dominated by storage boxes and Christmas decorations. An old
text: bench press and weights are in a cluttered corner.
text: David sits and turns at the end of the bench as Jeremy laboriously carries and
text: places fifteen a pound weight on the bar. David talks over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Why don't you rest now? I'll
dialog: take it from here. You've
dialog: been a big help.
text: Jeremy goes to the opposite side of the bar and starts to put on another weight.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You think you could beat up
dialog: Mike Tyson? I mean before he
dialog: started wiggin out and
dialog: eating people's ears?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What if you worked out
dialog: everyday for six months? You
dialog: think you could beat him
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What if you only ate foods
dialog: that were good for you and
dialog: you worked out everyday for
dialog: a year?
text: Jeremy is breathing hard as he puts the safety collars on the barbell and comes
text: around to David's end of the bench. David lays back.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
text: David takes hold of the barbell. Beat. He takes a deep breath.
text: The weight comes off the armrests of the bench. David lowers it to his chest and
text: pushes it back up. He does just one more rep with serious strain. He puts the
text: weight back on the armrest and sits up.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How much did you put on
dialog: there?
text: David twists around and looks back at the barbell. He counts up the black metal
text: circles. He turns back to Jeremy.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You put too much. That's two
dialog: hundred and fifty pounds.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: How much can you lift?
text: David looks back at the weights.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That's the most I've ever
dialog: lifted.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That could have been
dialog: dangerous Jeremy. Why don't
dialog: you go upstairs and let me
dialog: finish up?
text: Jeremy starts back to the barbell.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I'll take it off. I'll help
dialog: you right.
text: He slips off the safety collar.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You think you could have
dialog: beaten up Bruce Lee?
text: David hears the SOUND OF THE WEIGHTS SLIDING OFF THE BAR BEHIND HIM.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I mean if you knew karate?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No Jeremy.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What if he wasn't aloud to
dialog: kick and you were really mad
dialog: at him?
text: Jeremy is breathing hard again as he finishes with the weights and comes around
dialog: to David.
text: David lays back.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
text: David takes hold of the bar. Lifts it off the armrest. Brings it down. His arms
text: are straining hard again. He raises it and lowers it two time; it takes a sizable
text: effort. The weights bang down onto the armrest.
text: David sits up.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How much did you take off?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I lied.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You added?
text: Jeremy nods, "Yes" slowly.
text: David turns completely around and looks at the barbell. He counts the black discs
text: on the steel bar. Beat.
text: Nobody says anything for a long time.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(soft)
dialog: How much is it?
speaker_heading: DAVID(soft)
dialog: Two hundred and seventy.
text: David just stares at the black steel circles on the metal bar. Jeremy comes and
text: sits on the bench next to his father. They both stare at the weight. Beat.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(dead serious)
dialog: Let's put more.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - EARLY EVENING
text: David's fingers wrap around the cold metal of the bar. He leans his head forward
text: and looks to Jeremy.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Why don't you move back a
dialog: bit? Just to be safe.
text: Jeremy moves back to the bottom of the stairs leading up to the house. He waits.
text: Another deep breath as David heaves. The weight CLINKS as it comes off the arm
text: rest. David is full out straining now as he lowers and raises it. His arms begin
text: to tremble as he lifts it for the second time. BANG the weight lands back safely
text: onto the rest.
text: David sits up. He looks at his son whose eyes are wide. Beat.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: More?
dialog: Beat. David nods, "Yes."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - EARLY EVENING
text: An enormous amount of black discs sits on the bar. David's hands are gripping the
dialog: metal.
text: He talks to Jeremy who stands in his position at the bottom of the stairs without
text: looking at him.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You should never try
dialog: anything like this. You know
dialog: that right?
dialog: Jeremy nods, "Yes."
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What do you do if something
dialog: happens?
speaker_heading: JEREMY(soft)
dialog: Get mom.
text: David nods, "yes" before starting his deep breathing. He takes one last breath.
text: CLINK the weights comes off the rest. His arms are trembling immediately now. His
text: face is locked in a grimace as he brings the bar down to his chest and back up
text: again two times before dropping it onto the armrest.
text: He slowly sits up.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How many did you put on that
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: JEREMY(soft)
dialog: All of it.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: There's no more left?
text: Jeremy nods, "no" in a slight daze. Beat. David looks around his basement.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What else can we use?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - EARLY EVENING
text: A set of two unopened MAB satin finish paint cans are dangling by their metal
text: handles on the outside of each side of the weights.
text: The fours cans sway a little as the bar is heaved off of David's chest. His arms
text: are shaking hard. He raises the weight to it's apex and brings it down again. It
text: touches his chest and rises up again. David's red strained face exhales
text: powerfully as he straightens his arms.
text: The bar lands on the armrest with A CRASH. The paint cans make METAL SQUEAKS as
text: they swing to stillness, one at a time. Beat.
text: David sits up and turns back to the weights. His mouth moves as he calculates the
text: discs and the cans.
text: His lips stop moving. Beat.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(soft)
dialog: How much is it?
text: David doesn't react.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(soft)
dialog: How much is it dad?
text: It takes a second for David to register the question. He looks to his son. Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID(soft)
dialog: About three hundred and
dialog: forty.
text: David turns and looks at his son. Jeremy's mouth is slightly open. He gazes at
text: his dad. Awe in his tiny eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - EVENING
text: David sits on the edge of the bathroom tub. He's just showered and wearing jeans
text: and a t-shirt. He sits still with his elbows resting on his knees, staring at the
text: white tiles of the floor.
text: THE PHONE RINGS.
text: David gets up and walks out of the bathroom. He picks up the phone and stands in
text: the bathroom doorway.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah, hello.
speaker_heading: WOMAN(on phone)
dialog: Is David Dunne there?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Megan?
speaker_heading: MEGAN(on phone)
dialog: Yes. Is this David?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah? Megan where are you
dialog: calling from?
speaker_heading: MEGAN(on phone)
dialog: My name is Megan Inverso. We
dialog: went to college together.
text: David looks at the phone. The lights for line ONE and line TWO are glowing RED.
text: David squints his eyes as he pieces together the situation. Beat.
text: He moves back into the bathroom. The cord stretches as he takes his seat on the
text: edge of the bathtub.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I remember you.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(on phone)
dialog: I was hoping you would call
dialog: me, but... Anyway I decided
dialog: not to wait.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was thinking, it might be
dialog: nice to go to dinner
dialog: together.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(soft)
dialog: ...Hello?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah it might be nice.
text: We hear A SOUND ON THE OTHER END OF THE PHONE. A SOUND MUCH LIKE AN EXHALE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - LATE EVENING
text: The local Chinese restaurant. Red and gold plastic dragons hang from the ceiling.
text: A couple late-nighters are at the bar. Megan and David are two of a handful of
text: people left dining in the restaurant. They're a little dressed up. Megan looks
dialog: kind of stunning.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: ...When you work with
dialog: clients on machines, do they
dialog: sometimes just jump up a
dialog: level or two? Do something
dialog: they didn't know they were
dialog: capable of?
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Not often, but it is
dialog: possible. Most people get
dialog: scared when they see the
dialog: shadow of their limits. They
dialog: don't know how long the
dialog: shadow really is. They don't
dialog: know how far away the real
dialog: limits are standing... They
dialog: stop out of fear.
text: David nods as he takes it in. Beat. He looks down at his plate and twirls his lo
text: mein onto a fork. Megan watches him.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: This is kind of strange
dialog: isn't it?
text: David nods, "yes" before taking the bite.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: We're not even acting like
dialog: ourselves.
text: David touches his mouth with his napkin.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Like that. Your mouth's
dialog: dirty. You tapped your
dialog: napkin to your lips. You
dialog: only do that when you're
dialog: with someone you don't know.
text: David looks down at his napkin.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What do I do when I'm around
dialog: someone I know?
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: You use your sleeve.
text: They both smile at each other. Beat.
speaker_heading: WOMAN(o.s.)
dialog: Megan?
text: David and Megan look over to the only other table of late night diners as they
text: get up from their table. A woman about Megan's age walks over to her.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I thought it was you.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Hi.
dialog: (to David)
dialog: This is Claire. Her son is
dialog: in Jeremy's class. Claire
dialog: and I worked on the school
dialog: food drive together.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hello.
text: CLAIRE smiles as she stares at David. She turns to Megan.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE(mouths)
dialog: He's cute.
text: Claire turns back to David.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I'm very happy about this.
dialog: Megan mentioned to me she
dialog: was considering dating
dialog: again.
text: Megan becomes still.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE(to David)
dialog: I'm sorry, what's your name?
text: Beat. David doesn't look up.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: David.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: David?
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: This is my husband.
text: Beat. All three people become frozen in silence.
text: Claire looks to Megan.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE(soft)
dialog: I am so sorry.
text: Megan nods.
text: Claire quietly walks away form the table and joins her group as they leave the
dialog: restaurant. Beat.
text: Megan and David are the last one's left. They sit silently in their booth. Megan
text: looks at David's face. He's shaken.
text: He slowly takes a sip of water and then taps his mouth with napkin.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FRONT DOOR - NIGHT
text: It's late. NO LIGHTS ARE ON EXCEPT THE ONE IN THE HALL. The babysitter has black
text: dyes hair and Buddy Holly glasses. David waits as she puts on her jacket.
speaker_heading: DYED HAIR GIRL
dialog: He ate about six of those
dialog: chocolate covered doughnut
dialog: holes with his milk. He said
dialog: he only had three, but I
dialog: know he had six.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Okay.
text: David is not paying attention to the girl. He watches as his wife takes off her
text: coat and heads to the guest room. She turns before entering the room. David and
text: his wife make eye contact.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(soft)
dialog: Goodnight.
text: David nods. Megan goes into her room. The guest door closes softly.
text: David finds the babysitter looking at him with an odd expression.
speaker_heading: DYED HAIR GIRL
dialog: My parents sleep in separate
dialog: beds.
text: David reaches into his wallet and hands the girl money.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thank you.
text: David opens the front door for her.
speaker_heading: DYED HAIR GIRL
dialog: By the way, Jeremy went to
dialog: sleep in his room tonight.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: His room?
text: The baby sitter nods with a smile as she walks out the front door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEREMY'S BEDROOM
text: David walks into the darkened child's bedroom. The lump on the bed turns when he
text: hears movement. He smiles when he sees David.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(whispered)
dialog: I'm sleeping in my room.
speaker_heading: DAVID(soft)
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(whispered)
dialog: I'm not scared.
speaker_heading: DAVID(soft)
dialog: That's great.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(whispered)
dialog: Do you know why?
dialog: David nods, "No."
speaker_heading: JEREMY(whispered)
dialog: I know now.
speaker_heading: DAVID(soft)
dialog: Know what?
speaker_heading: JEREMY(whispered)
dialog: You're secret identity.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That man was right.
text: Beat. David just stares at his son. Jeremy's eyes start to close.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Jeremy.
text: Jeremy opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: DAVID(soft)
dialog: There are big guys in almost
dialog: every gym who can lift that
dialog: much.
text: Beat. Jeremy's eyes start to shut.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(whispered)
dialog: You could have lifted more.
dialog: (his eyes close)
dialog: ...Don't worry, I won't tell
dialog: anyone.
text: Jeremy Dunne falls asleep. David Dunne stands in the darkness of his son's room.
text: Posters of comic book heroes don the walls around him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Elijah's cheek rests against two pristine white pillows. He looks exhausted. His
text: eyes are fixed on some abstract point in the room. WE HEAR SOUNDS OF A HOSPITAL.
text: The torso of a PHYSICIAN can be seen on the other side of the bed. We hear him
text: speak but never see his face.
speaker_heading: PHYSICIAN(o.s.)
dialog: ...fracture of the proximal
dialog: phalanx of the little finger
dialog: as well as multiple
dialog: fractures of the sixth,
dialog: seventh, and eighth ribs.
dialog: The worst of the injury,
dialog: however, was sustained to
text: the left leg in the form of
text: a spiral fracture. There
dialog: were fourteen breaks. It
dialog: simply shattered...
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: They call me Mr. Glass.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: PHYSICIAN(o.s.)
dialog: Who does?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Kids.
text: Elijah just keeps staring.
speaker_heading: PHYSICIAN(o.s.)
dialog: Shall I continue?
text: Beat. Elijah's head nods the slightest bit up and down.
speaker_heading: PHYSICIAN(o.s.)
dialog: Pins were placed throughout
dialog: the length of the leg. The
dialog: use of a wheelchair will be
dialog: needed for a two month
dialog: period. The use of crutches
dialog: will follow for twelve to
dialog: fourteen months. Hospital
dialog: stay will range from five to
dialog: eight days followed by nine
dialog: to twelve months of physical
dialog: therapy. Prescribed
dialog: medication for pain
dialog: management will take the
dialog: usual forms of...
text: The PHYSICIAN'S WORDS FADE AWAY as Elijah continues to gaze at an abstract point
text: in the room.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICAL THERAPY CENTER - LATE MORNING
text: WE EMERGE FROM DARKNESS TO FIND OURSELVES IN THE PHYSICAL THERAPY CENTER.
text: A CO-WORKER finds Megan working with an elderly gentleman who's laboring on a
text: stationary bike.
speaker_heading: JANIS
dialog: Your ten o'clock is here.
dialog: The hospital discharged him
dialog: this morning.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Thanks.
text: The co-worker takes Megan's position by the elderly man.
text: Megan crosses the physical therapy center. A man in a wheel chair waits by her
text: office. She walks up to him with a smile.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Elijah right?
text: Elijah's leg is immobilized by a metal brace and held straight. Under his shirt
text: we see the wrappings around his ribs. His left pinky is in a splint. He smiles
text: and nods, "yes" to Megan.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM LOCKER ROOM - LATE MORNING
text: David Dunne stands in security uniform by a set of double doors that leads into
text: the players locker room.
text: Three walls of the locker room are lined with shiny lockers. One side of the room
text: has benches and massage tables. The far end of the room has work out equipment.
text: About twenty players and trainers are scattered throughout the spacious room lost
text: in their own pre-game rituals.
text: David watches as a massive muscular player takes a seat on the massage table and
text: removes his dress shirt. His body is covered in old bruises. He lays down,
text: wincing a bit from the pain. A trainer begins to massage him.
text: David just stares at the battered athlete. His gaze moves across the room. Beat.
text: David stares at something in the crowded room then he starts towards it.
text: He moves through the room of players and trainers. He moves to the one area of
text: the large room not occupied by anyone.
text: David comes to a step at the foot of an Olympic bench press. Racks and racks of
text: free weights sit behind the press.
text: David looks down at the thick silver bar. Three large black plates are on either
dialog: side. Six in all.
text: David looks back and glances at the double doors where he should be standing.
text: Beat. He looks to the twenty or so players and trainers in the room. Some of the
text: players have headphones on. Some are staring into space. A couple are on cell
dialog: phones...
text: No one notices David Dunne as he reaches for a forty-five pound black plate off
dialog: the weight rack.
text: The huge disc slides onto the bar with almost NO SOUND...
text: A matching forty-five pound disc goes on the other side...
text: And then David adds another. He matches it on the other side...
text: THE BENCH CREAKS just the slightest bit as David takes a seat.
text: No one notices the security guard lay back on the bench.
text: David's hands take hold of the shiny bar.
text: He closes his eyes...
text: David's arms become tense. He pushes against the weight. It doesn't move.
text: His face turns deep red. He opens his eyes and stares at the bar as he keeps
text: training. His face and arms are shaking... He keeps staring... focusing.
text: And then, without any fanfare, the bar lifts off the arm rest.
text: The weight hovers over David. He lowers it to his chest for a second time. His
text: arms aren't shaking anymore. He pushes the weights back up.
text: He carefully brings the bar back to the arm rest. It touches down with the
text: smallest of CLINKS.
text: David's fingers uncurl from the bar.
text: David lets out two slow soft breaths as he counts the thick black discs.
speaker_heading: DAVID(whispers)
dialog: Four ten... four
dialog: forty-five...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Five hundred.
text: Beat. David sits up in a daze.
text: He finds the entire room of athletes and trainers staring at him. Some of the
text: players have stood up. Everyone stares as David Dunne with the same quiet
text: disbelief in their eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICAL THERAPY CENTER - AFTERNOON
text: Megan and Elijah are in the far corner of the room. They're separated from the
text: other clients. Megan is seated on an exercise machine. Elijah is in his wheel
text: chair facing her.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: We're going to prevent any
dialog: substantial atrophy of your
dialog: good leg with this.
dialog: (She taps the machine)
dialog: It works the quadriceps.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: How long have you been
dialog: married?
text: Megan is taken off guard by the question. She stares at Elijah. Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Twelve years.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: How did you get together?
text: Elijah smiles warmly. Megan smiles softly back.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: A car accident.
text: Elijah smiles even bigger.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Now you're going to have to
dialog: tell me more.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: ...See my husband was a big
dialog: football star in college and
dialog: we were in an accident
dialog: together. Our car flipped on
dialog: an icy road. We were both
dialog: injured. He couldn't play
dialog: football anymore.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If that hadn't happened, we
dialog: wouldn't have been together.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: How so?
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Football wasn't the kind of
dialog: life I wanted... For ten
dialog: years I'd be by the phone
dialog: waiting for a call telling
dialog: me he broke his neck in a
dialog: practice game. And if it
dialog: wasn't that call, it would
dialog: be a call telling me he blew
dialog: out his knee or suffered his
dialog: third concussion. I've seen
dialog: way too much of it in my
dialog: job... I can barely take it
dialog: when my clients are in pain.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't hate the game. I
dialog: admire the amount of skill
dialog: it involved and, like
dialog: everyone else, I was in awe
dialog: of how he could play it, but
dialog: I couldn't give him my heart
dialog: and then have something
dialog: happen to him. And it always
dialog: does with that game.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's not a thing many people
dialog: would understand.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: You and my mother would have
dialog: a special connection.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Any way, fate stepped in and
dialog: took football out of the
dialog: equation.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: ...And everyone lived
dialog: happily ever after.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Sort of.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: What part of David's body
dialog: was injured?
text: Beat. Megan's eyes become utterly still.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Who said my husband's name
dialog: is David?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM - AFTERNOON
text: Eleven football players in white and green battle eleven football players in blue
text: and gray on the field. A sold out stadium watches the event.
text: David stands at the lip of a tunnel that opens out onto the upper section of the
text: second level. Waves of people move from their seats through the tunnel to the
text: bathrooms and concession stands and back again.
text: David stares to the side away from the movement, his shoulder leaned up against
text: the wall. He looks over at the constant movement of spectators through the
dialog: tunnel.
text: Beat. His shoulder leaves the wall. He STEPS OUT into the stream of people.
text: Shoulders and arms bump into him and brush by him as they move.
text: David's eyes are looking down - his expression still - like he's listening.
text: He continues into the dead center of the tunnel. He's in the heaviest part of the
text: movement now. Fans continue to brush against him as they pass.
text: And then it happens... A stocky woman bumps into him.
text: FLASH CUT: AN IMAGE OF THE STOCKY WOMAN IN A BATHROBE STANDING IN A KITCHEN.
text: SHE'S HOLDING THE SHOULDER OF A FIVE YEAR OLD BOY STANDING NEXT TO HER. HE'S
scene_heading: CRYING UNCONTROLLABLY.
text: THEY BOTH ARE LOOKING DOWN AT THE KITCHEN TABLE WHERE THREE THINGS ARE LAID
text: OUT... A BELT, A HANGER, AND AN EXTENSION CORD.
speaker_heading: STOCKY WOMAN
dialog: Choose.
text: SLAM CUT BACK TO PRESENT:
text: We're back with David in the crowd. He turns and watches the stocky woman walk
text: down the tunnel. She's holding the wrist of her five year old son. She yanks it
text: quickly and violently to keep the boy close at her side. She and the boy dissolve
text: into the crowd.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICAL THERAPY CENTER - AFTERNOON
text: Elijah and Megan sit very still.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: There have been three major
dialog: disasters in this city over
dialog: the last four years. I've
dialog: followed each one of them...
dialog: A Seven-three-seven crashes
text: on take off. One hundred and
dialog: seventy-two die. No
dialog: survivors... A hotel fire
text: downtown. Two hundred and
dialog: eleven die. No survivors...
dialog: And am Amtrak train derails
dialog: seven and half miles outside
dialog: of the city. One hundred and
dialog: thirty one die. One
text: survivor. He is unharmed.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I've spoken with your
dialog: husband about his survival.
dialog: I suggested a rather
dialog: unbelievable explanation.
dialog: Since then, I've come to
dialog: believe, that my
dialog: explanation, however
dialog: unbelievable, is in fact,
dialog: true.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: And what was that
dialog: explanation?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: It's a mediocre time Mrs.
dialog: Dunne. People are starting
dialog: to lose hope. It's hard for
dialog: many to believe that
dialog: extraordinary things live
dialog: inside themselves as well as
dialog: others... I hope you can
dialog: keep an open mind?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(soft)
dialog: Is this a religious thing?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I own a comic book museum.
dialog: It's called the Limited
dialog: Edition.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(smiles)
dialog: For a second there I thought
dialog: you were a fanatic.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I believe comic books are
dialog: based loosely on reality -
dialog: I believe there are real
dialog: life equivalents of the
dialog: heroes in those books that
dialog: walk the earth - I believe
dialog: your husband is one of those
dialog: individuals.
text: Beat. Megan becomes utterly still.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I'm glad you brought up fate
dialog: Mrs. Dunne. I'm becoming a
dialog: strong believer in it...
dialog: See, David refuses to speak
dialog: with me any longer... And
dialog: when I saw your name on my
dialog: insurance list of approved
dialog: physical therapists... It
dialog: was like fate had
dialog: intervened...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We were meant to speak to
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM - AFTERNOON
text: David lets the waves of people move by him in the tunnel.
text: A MAN WITH GRAY EYES and wearing a dark blue sweat shirt carries a cardboard tray
text: of nachos and drinks. He brushes David's arm as he passes.
text: FLASH CUT: THE IMAGE OF THE GREY EYED MAN WEARING A BLOOD SPLATTERED T-SHIRT IN
text: A MEN'S BATHROOM. HE'S VIOLENTLY KICKING ANOTHER MAN CURLED UP ON THE FLOOR OF A
text: TOILET STALL.
text: HE STOPS KICKING. HE GLARES DOWN WITH POWERFUL GRAY EYES.
speaker_heading: SWEAT SHIRT MAN(whispers)
dialog: This is my house, bitch.
dialog: These are my customers.
text: SLAM CUT BACK TO PRESENT:
text: The gray eyes man in the blue sweat shirt pauses with nachos in hand at the top
text: of the stairs to locate his seats. Beat.
text: David walks the five feet between them and taps him on the shoulder. People
text: continue to stream by as the man turns to face David. The man's GRAY EYES go from
text: David's face to the security emblem on his shirt. The man's face becomes still.
speaker_heading: GRAY EYED MAN
dialog: Yeah?
text: David stares hard at the man in front of him.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We've had some problems with
dialog: drug selling in this
dialog: stadium.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Would you mind if I checked
dialog: the pockets of your
dialog: sweatshirt?
text: The gray eyed man stands eerily still with his nachos and drinks. The two men
text: just stare at each other, evaluating the situation. People move in both
text: directions around them, unaware.
text: The gray eyes man holds his tray of food to the side and raises his arms slowly.
text: David steps forward and reaches into his pockets. Beat. David pulls his hands out
text: from the pockets. They're empty.
text: The gray eyes man brings his arms down. Beat.
text: The walkie on David's hip COMES TO LIFE. David reaches down and pulls it off his
text: belt without removing his eyes from the man in front of him. David brings the
text: walkie to his mouth.
speaker_heading: DAVID(into walkie)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: WALKIE(o.s.)
dialog: There's a message for you at
dialog: the office. Your kid was
dialog: hurt.
text: David's face changes.
speaker_heading: DAVID(into walkie)
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: WALKIE(o.s.)
dialog: Just now. They want you to
dialog: come down to his school.
text: David lowers the walkie from his face. The gray eyed man has a slight smile on.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: GRAY EYED MAN
dialog: Why don't you go take care
dialog: of your business?
text: The gray eyed man takes a bite of a nacho as he stares at David.
speaker_heading: GRAY EYED MAN
dialog: And dude, no one carries
dialog: their merchandise on them
dialog: any more. They got
dialog: messengers for that shit
dialog: now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's what they tell me.
text: The gray eyed man in the blue sweat shirt turns and starts down the stairs to his
text: seat. He raises his fist in the air as someone scores a touchdown on the field.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL NURSE'S RECEPTION AREA - AFTERNOON
text: Jeremy is seated in a chair with abrasions and cuts on his face. He sits next to
text: a smaller boy with a thermometer in his mouth.
text: They're both looking at the glass window of the nurse's private office. There are
text: tow people inside talking. David and A WHITE HAIRED NURSE.
text: The THERMOMETER BOY pulls the thermometer out of his mouth.
speaker_heading: THERMOMETER BOY
dialog: Is that your dad?
dialog: Jeremy nods "Yes."
speaker_heading: THERMOMETER BOY
dialog: I bet my dad can beat up you
dialog: dad.
text: Jeremy turns to the thermometer boy.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NURSE'S OFFICE - AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: ...No, he insisted we only
dialog: call you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Though it took us a while to
dialog: track down your number. It's
dialog: not on file here.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Megan handles that type of
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: What stuff is that?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Jeremy's stuff.
text: David feels uncomfortable as the nurse just stares at him. Beat. David rises from
dialog: his seat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: So do I need to put any
text: smelly ointments on him or
dialog: anything?
text: The white haired nurse nods, "no."
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: It's more emotional damage.
dialog: It wasn't very serious
dialog: physically.
dialog: David nods.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Nothing like when I sent you
dialog: to the hospital.
text: David stares at the white haired nurse.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: My office was on the other
text: side of the building back
dialog: then.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You don't remember me do
dialog: you?
dialog: David nods, "no."
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I had red hair.
text: David stares at the woman. He doesn't recognize her.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I think you were a little
dialog: younger than Jeremy when it
dialog: happened.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Did you know we changed the
dialog: conduct rules of the pool
dialog: because of you?
text: David nods, "no" slowly.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: The kids still talk about it
dialog: like some ghost story..."Did
dialog: you know there was a kid
dialog: that almost drowned in the
dialog: pool? He got pneumonia and
dialog: almost died."
text: The nurse shakes her head.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: We let them tell it... It
dialog: helps keep them safe.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Are you still phobic of
dialog: water?
text: David seems lost in his thoughts. He looks up at the nurse.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes I am.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP - AFTERNOON
text: David and Jeremy are seated on a bench at a Septa bus stop. No one else is
text: waiting with them.
text: Jeremy talks without making eye contact with his dad.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(soft)
dialog: It was Potter and another
dialog: guy I play football with.
dialog: They were messing with this
dialog: Chinese girl. She's kind of
dialog: fat. She doesn't talk to
dialog: anybody.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I tried to make them stop.
dialog: They kept pushing me down
dialog: and wouldn't let me get up.
text: Beat. Jeremy's VOICE STARTS TO TREMBLE SOFTLY.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(soft)
dialog: I thought maybe cause you
dialog: were my dad, I thought I
dialog: might be like you.
text: Jeremy finally looks up. Tears in his eyes.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(soft)
dialog: I'm not like you.
text: David moves closer to Jeremy on the bench.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You are like me. We both can
dialog: get hurt. I'm just an
dialog: ordinary man.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm not what you think I am.
text: Jeremy just stares at his father. Beat.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Why do you keep saying that?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - EVENING
text: David stares at his bowl of pasta. He sits alone in the kitchen. Beat.
text: He gets up, slides the pasta in the trash and moves to the sink.
text: David is rinsing out the bowl when Megan walks in. David turns off the water.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
text: He's just laying in bed.
dialog: He's pretty upset. He won't
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: He's dealing with a lot of
dialog: things.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think he needs to find
text: answers himself.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: It's weird to hear you tell
dialog: me about Jeremy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A good weird.
text: David looks at Megan. They stand silently in an awkward pause. Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Would you like to try going-
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: -out again.
text: Beat. David smiles.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: But if we see another mother
dialog: from Jeremy's school, me
dialog: name is Juan. I always
dialog: wanted to be a Juan.
text: Megan smiles softly back. Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Oh. Elijah Price came to
dialog: visit me at the center
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Jesus.
text: Megan sees David's shocked expression.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: He didn't do anything. He
dialog: just told me his theory...
dialog: It's sad when patients get
dialog: like that. They loose
dialog: reality.
speaker_heading: DAVID(whisper)
dialog: Jeremy what the hell are you
dialog: doing?
text: Megan suddenly realizes David is looking over her shoulder.
text: Megan turns around. She SCREAMS.
text: Jeremy is standing in the doorway to the kitchen. He's crying hard. In his
text: outstretched hands is the HAND GUN FROM DAVID'S CLOSET. It's pointed directly at
dialog: David.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(crying)
dialog: You don't believe. I'll show
dialog: you... You can't get hurt.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(realizing)
dialog: -Oh my God.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: -Jeremy did you load that
dialog: gun?
text: Jeremy nods, "Yes." Crying harder now.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(crying)
dialog: -You won't get hurt...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: -Elijah was wrong.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: -Sometimes when people are
dialog: sick or hurt for a long
dialog: time, like Elijah, they're
dialog: mind gets hurt too.
text: David shoots a tense glance at Megan.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: -They start to think things
dialog: that aren't true. He hold me
dialog: what he thought about your
dialog: father. It isn't true.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(crying)
dialog: -I'll show you.
text: David starts moving a little to his right. Jeremy follows him with the barrel of
text: the handgun. David stops moving.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: -You know the story about
dialog: the kid who almost drowned
dialog: in the pool?
text: Jeremy stops moving.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: -That was me they were
dialog: talking about. I almost
dialog: died. That was me.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(crying)
dialog: -You're lying.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: -I'm not. I just didn't
dialog: connect it.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: -Jeremy, your father was
dialog: injured in college - you
dialog: know that. You know all
dialog: about that.
text: Jeremy's small face tenses. Confusion mixes with the desperation on his face.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: -Don't do it. He'll die
dialog: Jeremy.
text: Beat. Jeremy looks up, tears streaming down his cheeks.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(crying)
dialog: -I'll just shoot him once.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: -Jeremy listen to what-
text: Jeremy starts pressing the trigger. The hammer clicks back.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: -Don't be scared.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: -Jeremy if you pull that
dialog: trigger I'm going to leave!
dialog: I'm going to go to New York.
text: Jeremy freezes. David flashes a desperate glance at Megan then back to Jeremy.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You're right... If you shoot
dialog: me, that bullet is going to
dialog: bounce off me and I won't
dialog: get hurt... but then I'm
dialog: going to go upstairs and
dialog: pack. And then leave to New
dialog: York.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(crying)
dialog: -Why?
text: Jeremy's hands are trembling. He starts to close his eyes as he raises the gun
text: level with David's chest.
speaker_heading: DAVID(loud)
dialog: Jeremy!
text: Jeremy's eyes open.
speaker_heading: DAVID(loud)
dialog: You're about to get into big
dialog: trouble! I'm your father and
dialog: I'm telling you to put that
dialog: gun down right now God damn
dialog: it!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: One!...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Two!...
text: Jeremy puts the gun down on the floor in front of him and stands up.
text: Megan leans against the refrigerator and slides down to a sitting position on the
text: tiled floor.
text: David walks over and picks up the gun. He unloads the bullets in his hand. David
text: bends down very slowly and takes a seat on the kitchen floor.
text: Jeremy is the last to sit down. He takes a seat in the doorway of the kitchen.
text: Beat. He wipes his eyes with the back of his hand. Beat.
speaker_heading: JEREMY(soft)
dialog: ...You didn't have to yell.
text: The Dunne family sits in silence on the floor of their kitchen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LIMITED EDITION - AFTERNOON
text: People move up and down the streets outside the storefronts. David is one of
text: them. He waits to cross the street. He sees movement inside the Limited Edition
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIMITED EDITION - AFTERNOON
text: Elijah opens the door. It takes him a bit, because of the wheelchair.
text: David stares at Elijah's damaged condition. Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Joined a rugby league.
dialog: Turned out to be a bad idea.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Come here I want to show you
dialog: something.
text: Elijah wheels over to one of the framed sketches on the wall. It's a charcoal
text: drawing of a muscular figure shielding himself from a blow about to be delivered.
text: A huge ominous shadow is covering him, as if something unspeakable and evil is
text: just out of frame.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Look at this. I just noticed
dialog: this today.
text: David steps in close and studies the drawing.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: This is from the Sentryman
dialog: series. A color version of
dialog: this was actually used in
dialog: the second issue.
text: Elijah points up to the drawing's face.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Look at this eyes. What do
dialog: you see?
text: David looks right at the intense eyes of the drawing.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: It's fear.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He was scared. They were
dialog: being honest in the
dialog: beginning you see. They let
dialog: him be human.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They turned him into a
dialog: garden variety hero later...
dialog: Then he was brave all the
dialog: time.
text: Elijah turns to David.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I followed the guy in the
dialog: army jacket.
text: David becomes still as his words register.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: He had a silver handled gun
text: tucked in the back of his
dialog: pants.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Were you really injured in
dialog: that car accident in
dialog: college?
text: David looks unsteady all of the sudden.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Because I think you faked
dialog: it. I think you took the
dialog: opportunity to end your
dialog: career - no questions asked.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I think you did it, of
dialog: all things, for a women...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Not only do you have the
dialog: physical traits of a hero,
dialog: down somewhere in there, you
dialog: have the moral code of one
dialog: too. You were ready to
dialog: sacrifice everything for
dialog: what's right. Where can you
dialog: find that these days?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Only thing you didn't realize
dialog: is that you were giving up
dialog: a part of yourself when you
dialog: gave up football. The
dialog: physical part. And you need
dialog: that part desperately to
dialog: feel balance again...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You can have it back now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This was all just make
dialog: believe before. What if
dialog: there was someone the
dialog: opposite of me? What if?...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I now believe you are the
dialog: genuine article Mr. David
dialog: Dunne. The kind of person we
dialog: knew existed, from our
dialog: history.
text: Elijah points to the room full of pictures.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: It's time for someone like
dialog: you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Bad is winning. I can feel
dialog: it.
text: Elijah looks at David with deep admiration. His voice cracked a little at the end
dialog: of his words. Beat.
text: David doesn't take his hands out of his pockets.
speaker_heading: DAVID(rattled)
dialog: I must have felt some lump
dialog: in his back when I bumped
dialog: him. Most guns have a black
dialog: or silver handle. I had a
dialog: fifty-fifty shot at the
dialog: color.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: That's not what I witnessed
dialog: David.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Stop messing with my life
dialog: Elijah. My son almost shot
dialog: me last night. He wanted to
dialog: prove you were right.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I never said you couldn't be
dialog: killed. I never said that.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You have a problem, Elijah.
dialog: My wife is right. Somewhere
dialog: along the line one of your
dialog: bones broke and your mind
dialog: just broke with it.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Are you finished?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No. And I have been sick. I
dialog: spent a week in a hospital
dialog: when I was a boy recovering
dialog: from pneumonia and almost
dialog: drowning.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Two skinny eight year old
dialog: kids were playing around the
dialog: pool. They were dunking me.
dialog: I swallowed water. They
dialog: didn't know it and they
dialog: almost killed me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Heroes don't get killed like
dialog: that. Normal people do.
text: Beat. Elijah seems shaken for the first time. David stares at him coldly.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I don't want to see you
dialog: again okay.
dialog: (soft)
dialog: Now I'm finished.
text: David turns and starts for the entrance. The BELL OF THE DOOR CLANGS as David
text: Dunne leaves the store.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - AFTERNOON
text: David exits the Limited Edition and moves down the street lost in this thoughts.
text: He bumps a man in a jacket and tie walking in the opposite direction.
text: FLASH CUT: THE SAME MAN STANDS IN A BAGGY SWEATER. AGAINST A PARKED CAR HE'S
text: HOLDING SOMETHING SHINY AND METALLIC IN HIS HANDS. HE INSERTS IT IN THE HALF INCH
text: GAP BETWEEN THE GLASS OF THE DRIVER'S WINDOW AND THE DOOR. THE DOOR UNLOCKS.
text: THE MAN LOOKS AROUND QUIETLY BEFORE ENTERING THE CAR.
text: SLAM CUT BACK TO THE PRESENT:
text: David looks over his shoulder at the conservative looking man in a shirt and tie
text: walking down the street.
text: David Dunne is shaken. He turns and keeps walking.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEREMY'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: A superhero action figure and a plastic villain do battle on Jeremy's desk.
text: David sits dressed up in a white shirt and dress pants. He holds the villain.
dialog: Jeremy holds the superhero.
text: Megan enters the room in a beautiful brown dress.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: The sitter's here.
text: David nods, "yes." Megan studies his tense expression.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: We can do this another time
dialog: if you want? I'm fine with
dialog: anything.
text: David looks from the action figures, to his son's face to the face of his wife.
text: They both have the same quiet anxious expression. Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: But I put cologne on.
text: Megan smiles.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Is that what that smell is?
text: Jeremy giggles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOWNTOWN COMIC BOOK STORE - NIGHT
text: An overweight man in sweats and a ponytail counts the cash in the register. We
text: are in a low-end comic book store. The walls are lined with shelves of comic
text: books. The more expensive issues are kept in a glass case.
text: THE PONYTAIL MAN looks at his watch and then to far back of the store where one
text: head is visible behind a low rack.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL MAN
dialog: Hey man it's twenty after.
dialog: It's time to close. I gotta
dialog: head.
text: The top of the man's head doesn't move. Beat.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL MAN
dialog: You better not be jacking
text: off to the Japanese comics.
dialog: I swear to God.
text: No response. Ponytail man closes his register and walks towards the back.
text: As he gets closer to the customer, he realizes that the man is in a wheelchair.
text: The Ponytail man walks ups to Elijah.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL MAN
dialog: Listen man, I didn't know
dialog: you were in-
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Just choose something all
dialog: right?
text: Elijah doesn't react. He sits in his chair in a quiet daze. Ponytail man leans
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL MAN
dialog: Hello. You understand
dialog: English?
text: Ponytail man makes fake sign language gestures in front of Elijah's face.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL MAN
dialog: Look man, I'm just gonna
dialog: wheel you out. You can think
dialog: about things outside on the
dialog: sidewalk. I gotta get some
dialog: chicken in me, you know what
dialog: I'm saying?
text: Beat. The Ponytail man shakes his head moves behind Elijah. He starts wheeling
text: him towards the front of the store. They move down a narrow aisle of comics.
text: Elijah suddenly grabs the left wheel and turns the chair. His immobilized left
text: leg hits a rack of comic books. A handful of comics tumbles to the ground.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL MAN
dialog: Shit.
text: The ponytail man straightens the wheelchair and starts down the aisle again.
text: After a couple of feet, Elijah jerks and grabs the other wheel sending the
text: wheelchair ramming violently into the opposite wall. Comics are knocked free and
text: fall onto the wheel chair and the nearby ground.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL MAN
dialog: Dude, I don't care if you
dialog: are in a wheelchair. If you
dialog: do that again, I'm calling
dialog: Five-O.
text: Beat. The Ponytail man takes Elijah's silence as a, "Yes." He straightens the
dialog: chair.
text: They move down the aisle. All is quiet... and then Elijah jerks the wheelchair to
text: the left again. His metal brace and the wheelchair crash into two racks. Elijah
text: gets covered in comics.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL MAN
dialog: That's it crackerjack!
dialog: You're going to sit your ass
dialog: in jail now.
text: The Ponytail man moves to the front counter.
text: Elijah sits in a trance - slightly hunched over. His eyes stare at a comic book
text: in his lap. His expression changes for the first time.
text: The Ponytail man finishes dialing. He looks over to Elijah as he waits for a
text: voice on the other end. Elijah raises a single comic book in his hand.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: How much is this one?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT BAR - NIGHT
text: LATE EVENING. A trendy restaurant. Not enough light to read the menus.
text: David and Megan are on stools at one end of the bat. They sip their drinks as
text: they appear in deep thought.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: ...I think rust.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Rust?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: As a color, not as rust. You
dialog: know, a rust colored paint
dialog: or wood?
text: Megan leans slightly closer.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: I didn't know that. Mine's
text: still brown.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: My turn. What's your
dialog: favorite song?
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Soft and Wet, by the Artist
dialog: Formerly Known as Prince.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: We're supposed to be honest.
text: Beat. David brings his stool closer.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Soft and Wet. That's very
dialog: interesting.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: My turn.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When was the first time the
dialog: thought popped into your
dialog: head that we might not make
dialog: it?
text: David's grin slowly fades.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That's not the game.
text: Megan moves her stool closer. They're only a foot or so apart.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: It's a second date. There
dialog: aren't any rules.
text: Beat. David sips his drink slowly.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm not sure.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Think carefully?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What about the game?
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: It's finished. I won.
text: Beat. David glances at Megan. She waits for his answer.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Maybe it wasn't a specific
dialog: moment, maybe it-
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I had a nightmare one night
dialog: and I didn't wake you up so
dialog: you could tell me it was
dialog: okay.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think that was the first
dialog: time.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Does that count?
speaker_heading: MEGAN(soft)
dialog: That counts.
text: Beat. Megan takes her glass up to her lips. Doesn't take a sip. Brings it back
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Do you knowingly keep Jeremy
dialog: and me at a distance?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes.
text: Megan's face tenses. She's on the verge of getting upset.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I don't know Megan.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: It's like you resent us
dialog: David. Resent the life you
dialog: have.
text: Beat. David doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: You know even if it meant we
dialog: couldn't be together, I
dialog: would never have wished that
dialog: injury on you? What you
dialog: could so physically was a
dialog: gift. I would never have
dialog: wished it to go away.
text: Megan's eyes glaze with water. Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: You know that right?
text: David takes a sip with a trembling hand. David's eyes look up and make eye
text: contact with Megan's. He stares at her for the longest time.
speaker_heading: DAVID(soft)
dialog: I know.
text: Husband and wife sit close together in the corner of the bar on their second
dialog: date.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FRONT DOOR - NIGHT
text: Megan stands next to David as he pulls out his wallet. The babysitter with the
text: black dyed hair and Buddy Holly glasses stands ready to leave in the doorway.
speaker_heading: DYED HAIR GIRL
dialog: You got two calls. One came
dialog: through while I was on the
dialog: line - I wasn't talking too
dialog: long. There was an emergency
dialog: with my sister. She tried to
dialog: do her own perm and now she
dialog: looks like-
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Who called through?
text: Megan tries to hide her smile.
speaker_heading: DYED HAIR GIRL
dialog: Someone from New York.
text: The smile instantly fades.
speaker_heading: DYED HAIR GIRL
dialog: About a security job at a
dialog: museum. They want to hire
dialog: you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I didn't know you guys were
dialog: moving to New York. Thanks
dialog: for telling me.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: We're not moving.
speaker_heading: DYED HAIR GIRL
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I let the answering machine
text: pick up the other call.
text: The babysitter fixes her Buddy Holly glasses as she looks at the two suddenly
text: quiet faces.
text: David hands her the money. She opens the door. It's started to rain.
speaker_heading: DYED HAIR GIRL
dialog: Great.
text: The babysitter covers her head with her jacket and runs down the walkway. David
text: closes the door. Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Look let's be honest here.
dialog: We're just at the beginning.
dialog: I don't expect you or I to
dialog: change the course of where
dialog: our lives were headed
dialog: because of two dates.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you do go to New York, we
dialog: can still develop this.
dialog: We'll just be forced to take
dialog: it slow. And in the end,
dialog: that's definitely better.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is our second time
dialog: around David. I don't expect
dialog: us to get carried away.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I guess congratulations is
dialog: the right thing to say.
text: Megan takes off her coat as she moves to the guest bedroom. She disappears
text: inside. The door closely behind her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Only the COUNTER LIGHT is on in the kitchen. David stands by the phone.
text: ELIJAH'S VOICE IS HEARD ON THE ANSWERING MACHINE.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH(on tape)
dialog: ...David. It's Elijah. It
dialog: was so obvious. It's
text: referred to over and over.
dialog: That's the key you see. The
dialog: repetition across time. That
dialog: means at some point it was
dialog: all based on common thought,
dialog: a common event - a fact.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It was this one issue that
dialog: brought it back for me...
speaker_heading: Century Comics
dialog: One-Seventeen. That's where
dialog: this group, the Coalition of
dialog: Evil, tried to ascertain the
dialog: weakness of every superhero.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH(on tape)
dialog: ...Because they all have
dialog: one.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Just like you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The cells that make up your
dialog: muscles and your bones react
dialog: to forces that act upon it,
dialog: slightly different from than
dialog: mine. That's clear... Your
dialog: cells react to bacteria and
dialog: viruses slightly differently
dialog: than mine... That's also
dialog: clear...But for some reason,
dialog: you and I react the exact
dialog: same way to water. We
dialog: swallow it, we choke. We
dialog: swallow too much of it, we
dialog: drown. However unreal it may
dialog: seem, we are connected, you
dialog: and I, we are on the same
dialog: curve... just on opposite
dialog: ends.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: The point of all this is, we
dialog: now know something we
dialog: didn't... You have a
dialog: weakness... Water. It's your
dialog: krpytonite.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You hearing me David? Call
dialog: me back... I got rugby
text: practice in an hour.
text: THE SOUND OF ELIJAH HANGING UP IS HEARD. THE ANSWERING MACHINE BEEPS AS IT TURNS
speaker_heading: OFF.
text: David hits a button on the answering machine. It makes a WHIRRING SOUND before
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCING.
speaker_heading: MACHINE
dialog: Message erased.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: The master bedroom is very narrow. A bathtub and toilet are at one end. Two
text: identical sinks sit opposite each other.
text: David sits on the edge of the tub. His shirt is unbuttoned. He sits in a daze
text: staring at the tiled floor.
text: His eyes slowly move to a small white and red box laying on its side under one of
text: the sinks.
text: David rises and picks it up.
text: It's a BOX OF BAND AIDS. David looks up to Megan's sink. Perfume and lotions sit
text: on its edge.
text: David opens her mirrored cabinet. He starts to put the band aid box back, he
dialog: hesitates.
text: His eyes begin to roam the cabinet shelves. They stop on certain items... A
text: CONTAINER OF TYLENOL... A LOTION FOR DRY SKIN... A BOTTLE OF ALLERGY DROPS...
scene_heading: COUGH SYRUP... A TUBE OF MUSCLE PAIN OINTMENT...
text: David just stands quietly for a beat before turning and looking across to his own
text: identical mirrored medicine cabinet.
text: There are three things on the shelf... DISPOSABLE RAZORS. SHAVING CREAM. AND
speaker_heading: COLOGNE.
text: David's mouth opens just a little bit as he stares.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FRONT HALL - NIGHT
text: ALL THE LIGHTS ARE OUT.
text: David moves through the darkness down the stares in jeans and a sweatshirt.
text: He moves to the coat closet. Pulls out the dark green rain poncho. The word
text: "security" is almost faded away.
text: He opens and closes the front door with virtually NO SOUND.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THIRTIETH STREET STATION - NIGHT
text: Rain falls like gunfire from the sky.
text: David's car pulls into the massive rain station parking lot.
text: David steps out and pulls the hood of the poncho over his head.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. METAL STAIRS - NIGHT
text: A steel fence leads to a set of stairs that travel down to the dozens of
text: interconnected tracks below. David walks down about forty feet. A fenced gate
text: with a lock stops his progress.
text: David looks through the fence down to the tracks. Just to the side is a
text: construction site. Cranes and lifts and various equipment stand idle in the area
text: next to the section of train wreckage that has been brought to the station
text: grounds for dismantling and salvaging. The bent shapes of the train pieces can
text: only be glimpsed in outlines as they sit in the darkness, hundreds of feet away
text: from the immaculately lit train station.
text: Beat. A HUGE METALLIC CRACK ECHOES THROUGH THE TRAIN YARD as David kicks open the
text: fence door that holds him back from going down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN WRECKAGE - NIGHT
text: Frightening twisted pieces of metal glisten in the rain. David walks along the
text: body of the caved-in passenger car.
text: The passenger car is split in two. Just before the tear, along the window line,
text: the windows have been crushed in. A huge hole has been ripped below the windows
text: exposing the ravaged interior.
text: David stands before this heavily damaged area of the car. He just stares at the
text: wreckage. Water falls off the rim of his hood in front of his face.
text: His eyes drift over the ominous pieces of deformed metal. He takes a couple slow
text: breaths as THE SOUNDS OF HARSH RAIN FADE AWAY TO SILENCE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: SILENCE. BLACK. OUR VISION CLEARS TO REVEAL the glazed icy top of a street.
text: THE SOUND OF DISTANT FIRE COMES INTO THE SILENCE.
text: A TWENTY YEAR OLD DAVID DUNNE rises to his feet from the ground where he was
text: laying amongst the fragmented pieces of windshield. He looks down at himself. His
text: football jacket is torn. So are his jeans... He's trembling slightly, but not
dialog: bleeding.
text: HE LOOKS UP TOWARDS THE NOISES.
text: About thirty feet away is a Honda, upside down, wrapped around a telephone pole.
text: It's front is on fire.
text: Through one of the crushed door windows, WE SEE A WOMAN'S HAND.
text: Young David heads toward his car. He slips a couple of times on the slick iced
dialog: surface of the road.
text: He kneels down next to the inverted car. He looks in the crushed window frame.
text: THE FACE OF A TWENTY YEAR OLD MEGAN IS UPSIDE DOWN. She is unconscious.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Megan...
text: She doesn't answer. Her body is twitching as it sits pinned behind the wheel.
text: David pulls at the handle of the mangled door. It's wedged tight. It won't move.
text: The heat from the fire is tremendous.
text: David's powerful arms keep pulling with all their strength.
text: WE HEAR THE CREAK OF METAL... THE DOOR BENDS UNNATURALLY AND THEN PRACTICALLY
speaker_heading: RIPS OPEN.
text: David leans into the car and unbuckles Megan. He works her out underneath the
text: steering column. He slides out. Her leg is bleeding.
text: David picks her up and carries her to the grass next to the road. He lays her
text: down gently.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Megan?
text: He just stares at her. She doesn't respond.
text: A LIGHT WASHES OVER THEM. David turns to see a truck approaching up the road.
text: David waves frantically. The truck slows.
text: David turns back to Megan. Her eyes are open.
text: Tears fall from David's face as he moves the hair out of her eyes. She looks at
dialog: David.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(soft)
dialog: I thought I was dead.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Me too.
text: The driver of the truck slips and slides his way over to David.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Is she all right?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I think her leg is
dialog: fractured.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Are you injured?
text: Beat. David looks at Megan who lays shivering in the grass. He looks back at the
dialog: driver.
speaker_heading: DAVID(soft)
dialog: My shoulder's hurt.
text: The driver nods.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Hold on. I got a C.B. in the
dialog: truck.
text: The driver moves back to his truck.
text: David takes Megan's hand in his and waits in the grass by the sight of their car
dialog: on fire.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: PRESENT: EXT. TRAIN WRECKAGE - NIGHT
text: David stands utterly still in the graveyard of train 177.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: The wheels of Elijah's wheelchair move down the hall as he follows the SOUND OF
text: THE PHONE RINGING.
text: He follows THE SOUND to a PHONE RINGING in the storage room of the store. There
text: are shelves and shelves of comic books. Thousands of them filed away in neat
dialog: piles.
text: Elijah picks up the phone a little out of breath.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S VOICE
dialog: Elijah?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: David?
text: Nothing is said on the other line for a couple of beats. WE HEAR THE ECHOED DIN
text: OF A LARGE ROOM FILLED WITH PEOPLE AND MOVEMENT IN THE BACKGROUND.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S VOICE
dialog: What am I supposed to do?
text: Elijah closes his eyes. His face fills with strength.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THIRTIETH STREET STATION PHILADELPHIA - NIGHT
text: The interior of the station is a mystical sight. One huge cavernous room, a
text: football field in size, lined on both sides with giant pillars that rise into a
text: misty hand painted ceiling.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH(v.o.)
dialog: David, it's okay to be
dialog: afraid. Because this part
dialog: won't be like a comic
dialog: book... Real life doesn't
dialog: fit into little boxes that
dialog: were drawn for it.
text: David stands in a quiet corner and watches the faces of passengers arriving and
text: departing late night trains. Even at the late hour, there is heavy traffic
dialog: throughout the station.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH(v.o.)
dialog: Go to where people are...
dialog: You won't have to look very
dialog: long.
text: David stares out at the midnight travelers. Beat. He starts towards them.
text: He passed the towering black statue standing at the far end of the station. It
text: watches over the whole building. It's in the form of an angel lifting a soldier
dialog: to heaven.
text: David moves through the first group of people - a crisscross of arriving
text: passengers from tracks one and two. They brush by him and lightly bump him as
dialog: they move.
text: FLASH CUT: WE ARE NO LONGER IN THE TRAIN STATION. A BLOND WOMAN IN HER TWENTIES
text: STANDS AT A COUNTER IN A CROWDED STORE.
text: SHE SLIDES THE SILVER BRACELET AND EARRINGS SHE WAS LOOKING AT OFF THE GLASS
text: COUNTER AND INTO HER PURSE. NO ONE SEES.
text: SLAM CUT BACK TO PRESENT:
text: David turns and glances at the blonde woman as she walks away from him towards
text: the exit of the train station. He doesn't stop moving.
text: David heads towards the densest part of the floor. The area near the information
text: board. Sleepy friends and tired family members stand and wait. A steady
text: spider-like web of movement flows as six tracks let out on either side.
text: David moves to the center. His rain poncho almost touches the marble floor. Lines
text: of passengers emerging from trains below the main level move steadily on either
text: side of him.
text: David looks down and gently turns the palms of his hands out as they at his side.
text: His finger tops graze the jackets and clothes of the passengers walking by.
text: Dozens and dozens of people pass. Nothing happens. Then a man in a crumpled shirt
text: and slicked back hair brushes by...
text: FLASH CUT: THE SLICKED BLACKED HAIRED MAN LEANS OUT THE WINDOW OF A TRUCK. HE'S
text: HOLDING A BOTTLE OF BEER.
speaker_heading: SLICKED HAIR MAN
dialog: Go back to Africa!
text: THE SLICKED HAIR MAN THROWS THE BOTTLE WITH FORCE AS HE PASSES A CLACK FAMILY
text: WALKING ON THE SIDEWALK. THE BOTTLE SHATTERS AS IT HITS A WOMAN IN THE GROUP.
text: SLAM CUT BACK TO PRESENT:
text: David's eyes dart up as the slicked haired man turns the corner at the
text: information booth. He watches him for a beat.
text: FLASH CUT: WE ARE IN A BEDROOM. A YOUNG MAN IN HIS LATE TEENS LOOKS DOWN AT A
text: GIRL LAYING IN A PILE OF OVERCOATS ON A BED. THERE IS LOUD MUSIC AND LAUGHTER
text: COMING FROM SOMEWHERE DOWNSTAIRS.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: What's your name? I think
dialog: you drank too much.
text: THE GIRL MOANS SOMETHING INAUDIBLE AS SHE ROLLS ON HER SIDE. HER SKIRT RIDES UP
speaker_heading: HER THIGH.
text: THE YOUNG MAN STARES AT HER AND THEN GETS UP. HE MAKES SURE NO ONE IS LOOKING
text: BEFORE CLOSING THE DOOR. HE LOCKS IT FROM THE INSIDE.
text: SLAM CUT BACK TO PRESENT:
text: David watches the teenager with baggy jeans hanging off his hip. He walks and
text: greets a group of identically dressed friends.
text: Beat. David turns his hands back in. He seems shaken. He takes a couple of deep
text: breaths as he gathers himself.
text: Then David steps back to look around. HE BUMPS the shoulder of a man standing
text: behind him.
text: David takes a sudden breath like someone punched him in the solar plexus.
text: FLASH CUT: AN ENORMOUS MAN WITH GLASSY EYES STANDS BEFORE A SCREEN SIDE DOOR.
text: HE'S BALDING. THE HAIR HE DOES HAVE IS SHOULDER LENGTH. HIS ECLIPSING SHADOW
text: FALLS ON THE CONSERVATIVE LOOKING MAN WHO STANDS ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE SCREEN
text: DOOR INSIDE THE HOUSE.
speaker_heading: GLASSY EYED MAN
dialog: Can I come in?
speaker_heading: MAN IN HOUSE
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: GLASSY EYED MAN
dialog: I like your house. Can I
dialog: come in?
speaker_heading: MAN IN HOUSE
dialog: What is this?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No you can't come in.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: GLASSY EYED MAN
dialog: Are you sure?
text: The enormous glassy eyed man takes hold of the screen door handle. He turns it.
text: The man inside the house grabs the door handle on the inside to stop him.
speaker_heading: MAN IN HOUSE
dialog: What are you doing?
text: The man inside the house uses all his strength to keep the door from opening...
text: It opens slowly anyway.
text: SLAM CUT BACK TO PRESENT:
text: David stands frozen in the train station. His face is almost unreadable.
text: David is standing less than a foot away from the man he bumped. They're standing
text: shoulder to shoulder. David's eyes slowly move from the ground over his right and
text: then finally onto the man.
text: He's huge. At least three inches taller than David. His shoulders are massive.
text: He's wearing a one piece ORANGE UNIFORM.
text: The man in the orange uniform leans over a trashcan next to him and removes the
text: full trash bag within it. He replaces it with a fresh one. He throws the full
text: trash bag into a gray plastic bin with wheels and starts pushing it.
text: David watches the man head across the floor towards a double door marked "Station
dialog: Maintenance Staff Only".
text: Four identical gray bins sit outside the door. The huge man disappears with his
dialog: bin inside.
text: David waits. He just stares hard at the double doors. Nothing happens for the
text: longest time... No one comes out. David makes a decision. He starts towards the
dialog: doors.
text: And then they open.
text: The huge glassy eyed man in orange emerges carrying a bag over his shoulder. He's
text: wearing a baseball hat with his uniform now. He heads toward a back exit.
text: David lets him get about twenty feet away before deciding to follow him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - NIGHT
text: The man in the orange uniform walks in the driving rain down a residential city
text: block. Almost all the lights in the middle class homes he's passing are off at
text: this late hour. No one is out walking except him and David Dunne fifty feet
dialog: behind.
text: The orange figure turns the corner onto a block of modest stand alone homes. The
text: uniformed man walks slower in this block. He looks around carefully as he moves.
text: He turns into a driveway of one of the homes. He stops and pulls a wad of mail
text: out of the mailbox.
text: David stands with the hood of his security coat covering his head and face. He
text: stands in the shadows and watches silently as the man in the orange uniform looks
text: over his massive shoulder before turning a knob and entering the white paneled
text: house through a familiar side door with a screen on it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM - NIGHT
text: The side door opens with almost no sound. The hooded figure of David Dunne steps
text: into a narrow laundry room. THE SOUND OF A TELEVISION IS HEARD FROM ANOTHER ROOM.
text: A very large pile of unopened mail sits in a mound on the clothes dryer. Two or
dialog: three days worth.
text: David shuts the door very slowly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: THE SOUNDS OF CHEERING FROM THE TELEVISION IN THE NEXT ROOM SPILL INTO THE
speaker_heading: KITCHEN.
text: David stares out from under his hood at the mess.
text: Cabinets are left open. Empty cans of food sit on the counter with a handful of
text: unwashed dishes. The breakfast table is the eeriest thing in the room. It sits
text: frozen with a plate of half-eaten, now moldy eggs at one setting and two bowls of
text: colorful cereal in another. The cereal has dissolved in the old milk. Two
text: cockroaches are crawling in the bowl.
text: David moves slowly to a door in the kitchen. It's slightly open. As David gets
text: closer, he shields his face from the strong smell. He pulls the door open
dialog: quietly.
text: A SHAFT OF KITCHEN LIGHTS FALLS DOWN THE STAIRS INTO THE BASEMENT. At the bottom
text: of the stairs is a MAN'S BODY. The same man who answered the door in the
text: flashback lays partly in the shadow, partly in the light. His crumpled tie lies
text: folded over itself on his still chest.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY ROOM - NIGHT
text: A BOXING MATCH BLARES ON THE TELEVISION. Empty beer bottles and coke cans sit in
text: a pyramid on the coffee table.
text: David steps into the unoccupied room. His movements are slow and tense.
text: THUDS OF HEAVY FOOTSTEPS COME FROM THE CEILING OF THE ROOM. David looks up and
text: follows the SOUND AS IT MOVES AROUND ABOVE HIM.
text: David moves to the stairs as SOMEONE GETS KNOCKED OUT ON THE TELEVISION.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GIRL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Three closed doors converge on a landing. David opens the closest one.
text: It's a young girl's room. Posters of boy bands are on her wall. Clothes are
text: everywhere. The room is empty.
text: A NOISE COMES FROM THE HALF OPEN BATHROOM DOOR ATTACHED TO THE BEDROOM.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: A slightly overweight girl, probably fourteen years old is tied by her wrists
text: with a phone cord to the metal towel rack in her bathroom. She sits with her arms
text: pointed upward over her head. He knees tucked up to her chest.
text: Next to her is her younger brother. A skinny boy, maybe twelve. He's tied and
text: seated in the same way.
text: Their heads are leaned back against their arms. They're completely listless. Eyes
text: half mast. They watch as the door to the bathroom opens and the dark hooded
text: figure of David Dunne steps in. His long dark slowing rain poncho still dripping
text: water. He stands in the doorway for a moment before moving towards them.
text: They don't react in anyway as David reaches for the phone cord and unties them.
text: They're arms flop to their laps as they gaze up at the figure leaning over them.
text: They boy blinks once slowly.
text: David takes a step back and stares at them from under his hood.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You need to leave now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: An exercise bike in the corner of the bedroom has been turned into a clothes
text: hanger long ago. The t.v. across the bed has framed family photos displayed on
text: top of it.
text: David's shadow passes over them as he moves towards the open bathroom on the
text: other side of the bedroom.
text: A woman is tied to the bathroom door handle. She sits on the tiled floor slumped
text: against the door. Her eyes stare blankly at the ground. She has considerable
text: bruises on her face and arms.
text: David stands before her.
speaker_heading: DAVID(soft)
dialog: Where is he?
text: The woman doesn't answer, but a SOUND COMES FROM THE SCREEN DOOR nearby. The
text: curtains draping the screen door move with the wind from outside.
text: David crosses the room and pushes aside the curtain. It leads to a small balcony.
text: An empty lawn chair is the only thing on it.
text: David steps onto the balcony and looks down.
text: The rain still pours down unmercifully. It comes down on a black tarp that covers
text: a pool in the backyard.
text: David turns to go back inside.
text: A BLURR OF ORANGE ATTACKS HIM.
text: The collision is sudden and explosive. The huge man drives his shoulder into
text: David's chest and takes him off his feet. David's body flips over the railing.
text: The dark green rain poncho flaps in the wind as he falls two stories directly
text: towards the black tarp.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - NIGHT
text: David lands on his stomach with a TREMENDOUS SLAP onto the nylon black tarp.
text: There's a thin layer of rain water on the tarp's surface. David is laying on his
text: cheek. Half his face is covered in water.
text: Beat. David's exposed eye looks around in a daze. The surface of the tarp gets
text: pounded by the rain.
text: David uses his hands to push his body off the tarp. His hands sink into the water
text: as his pressure pushes the tarp down.
text: THE FIRST SOUNDS OF NYLON SLIDING AGAINST CONCRETE START.
text: David stops pushing. His vision catches the corner of the swimming pool as the
text: tarp slides out from under the sand bags that hold it in place.
text: The tarp sags. David becomes utterly still. THE SOUND CONTINUES ANYWAY.
text: One by one the tarp starts sliding out from under the sand bags all around the
text: edge of the pool.
text: And then without warning, the tarp caves in. It folds around David as he and the
text: tarp get pulled UNDER THE COLD DARK WATER.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. UNDER WATER - NIGHT
text: David's body is tangled in the pool cover. His legs and arms thrash against the
text: constricting black tarp. He's drowning.
text: GLIMPSES OF LIGHT FROM THE HOUSE PIERCE THE DARKNESS UNDER WATER. THE BLURRED
text: IMAGE OF A DISTANT FIGURE HIGH ABOVE ON A BALCONY FLICKERS AND DISAPPEARS.
text: The last of the tarp slides out from under the sandbags that old it in place
text: around the edge of the pool.
text: The rain keeps falling.
text: The tarp moves like it's alive underwater. It shifts and wraps David tighter with
dialog: every movement.
text: GLIMPSES OF LIGHT AGAIN. TWO SMALL FIGURES NOW STAND IN A BLURRED SILHOUETTE NEAR
text: THE EDGE OF THE POOL. FLASHES OF SOMETHING SHINY THEY'RE HOLDING... A ROD OR
text: POLE... IT'S SHAKY NEBULOUS IMAGE WAIVERS IN THE AIR ABOVE THE SURFACE.
text: David's only free hand reaches for the light. It catches the silver pole.
text: The tangled mass of David and the tarp are pulled slowly towards the edge of the
text: pool. David's head and shoulders emerge from the darkness. He takes hold of the
dialog: pool's edge.
text: Huge desperate breaths as he pulls his body out from the water and the grasp of
text: the tarp. He hauls himself onto the ground.
text: He sits hunched over in a dark mass, his head down under his hood. The rain
text: poncho covering him like a blanket. Beat.
text: He rises to his feet. The water rushes off of him. His breathing is slowing,
dialog: calming.
text: He stands in a silhouette from the light of the house. He turns and looks to the
text: two small figures standing near the edge of the pool.
text: The children from the bathroom stand still in the rain. They're holding an
text: aluminum pole with a brush head for cleaning the pool. They stare up at the
text: hooded figure.
text: No one says anything.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The man in the orange one-piece uniform stands over the woman tied to the door
text: handle of the bathroom. His back is to us. He's drinking from a beer bottle as he
text: looks down at her.
text: He doesn't notice the third presence come into the room. He doesn't hear him move
text: closer. Right behind him.
text: The man in orange takes another sip of his beer, not realizing an arm is reaching
text: over him... He doesn't get to swallow the sip in his mouth.
text: David Dunne's powerful arm wraps around the man's thick neck. David's hands clamp
text: together like and iron vise. He squeezes.
text: The man's beer bottle crashes to the ground as his neck begins to get crushed.
text: David yanks back hard, pulls the man off balance. The man's legs push back
text: violently, sending both of them backwards across the room. They come to a hard
text: stop as David's back gets RAMMED INTO THE BEDROOM WALL.
text: The huge man in orange pulls away and then SLAMS DAVID harder against the wall.
text: David's arm remains locked around his throat.
text: The man becomes frantic. His face turning dark red. He clutches at David's arm.
text: He spins, taking David with him into another wall. The IMPACT IS TREMENDOUS. The
text: room shakes. David holds on. His face bent low and hidden under his hood.
text: And then the man in orange throws a powerful elbow back. It lands hard right in
text: David's side. David groans. The huge man delivers another one. Savage, desperate
text: blows. WE HEAR THE IMPACT OF EACH ONE WITH DAVID'S BODY. And David never lets go.
text: The elbows slow and then stop. The legs of the man in orange start to buckle.
text: David pulls him back onto his heels. He turns him in a half circle. All of his
text: tremendous weight is hanging from David's arm now. David LETS OUT A YELL AS HE
text: APPLIES ALL HIS STRENGTH. The man's legs stop kicking.
text: David keeps turning him. The man's body goes completely limp. David's just
text: dragging two hundred and seventy-five pounds of weight in a circle over the
dialog: carpet now.
text: David slowly comes to a stop. He stands there with his arm wrapped around the
text: man's neck....The man's limbs dangle down to the ground. Beat.
text: David's hands let go of each other. His arm slips out from under the man's jaw.
text: The man in orange crumples to the ground like a rag doll. The only SOUND IN THE
text: ROOM IS DAVID'S HEAVY BREATHING. Beat.
text: He moves to the woman slumped against the door. He starts to untie the phone
text: cords that bind her wrists to the handle. He whispers to her.
speaker_heading: DAVID(soft)
text: It's over now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Your children are fine.
dialog: They're getting help.
text: He unties her wrists. Her arms stay above her head where they were.
speaker_heading: DAVID(soft)
dialog: I'm going to go now.
text: He stares at the woman whose eyes stare blankly at him. She sits unnaturally
text: still against the door with her arms above her head. The mascara that has run
text: down her face and dried, has tracks where countless tears have rolled down.
text: David moves his hand near her mouth and nose. He checks for the feeling of breath
text: against his hand. Beat.
text: He rises up. Removes his hood. David Dunne stands silently in the master bedroom
text: of someone's house and gazes at the dead woman frozen in a slumped position
text: against her bathroom door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FRONT HALL - NIGHT
text: The front door opens to SILENCE. The silhouetted figure of David steps into the
text: darkness of his home.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET - NIGHT
text: The dark green faded security poncho gets hung back on its hook in the closet
text: next to the family winter coats.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEREMY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: David enters the quiet of Jeremy's room. Jeremy lays sound asleep. David stares
text: down at the shadowy figure of his son.
text: He pulls the blanket over the boy's small shoulder.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DAVID'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: David sits on the edge of the empty bed in the darkness of his room.
text: He doesn't makes a sound. He doesn't move an inch. He is so still, he seems to
text: disappear into the shadows of the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUEST BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Megan stirs in her sleep. She shifts her head on the pillow.
text: Then her body RISES INTO THE AIR.
text: She starts to wake as she floats across the room. She opens her eyes and sees
text: David close by. He's carrying her in her arms. He moves up the stairs with her.
text: No words are spoken.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THEIR BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: They enter their bedroom. David lays her down gently on her side of the bed.
text: She watches as he walks out of sight. He lays down right behind her.
text: He covers her with his arm... His hand is shaking. Beat. He speaks softly.
speaker_heading: DAVID(soft)
dialog: I had a bad dream.
text: David tucks his head in close to hers and closes his eyes.
text: Megan lays stunned in her husband's arms. Beat.
speaker_heading: MEGAN(soft)
text: It's over now.
text: She closes her eyes too as the tears start coming.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
dialog: Downtown Philadelphia.
text: People move up and down the sidewalks in front of the storefronts. David Dunne is
dialog: among them.
text: He crosses the street in front of The Limited Edition. The front doors of the
dialog: store are open.
text: A banner over the door reads, "Annual Sale."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIMITED EDITION - DAY
text: The compact store is crowded with customers.
text: David spots Elijah with a group of people before a framed painting of a comic
dialog: hero.
text: David moves to a less crowded area of the store and waits. He turns and looks at
text: a framed sketch.
text: Beat. An older woman walks over from a near by picture and joins David.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
text: ...See the villain's eyes.
dialog: They're larger than the
dialog: other characters'. They
text: insinuate a slightly skewed
dialog: perspective of how they see
text: the world. Just off normal.
text: David stares at the drawing.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: He doesn't look very
dialog: threatening.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: That's what I said to my
dialog: son. He said, there's always
dialog: two kinds. The soldier
dialog: villain who fights the hero
text: with his hands, and then
dialog: there's the real threat. The
dialog: brilliant and evil arch
dialog: enemy who fights the hero
dialog: with his mind.
text: David turns and looks at the striking and beautiful African American woman in her
text: sixties who stands next to him.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Are you Elijah's mother?
text: The woman turns and looks at David for the first time.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: I am. I'm helping him with
dialog: the sale.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It's a pleasure to meet you.
dialog: I'm David Dunne.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: He's spoken of you. He says
dialog: you're becoming friends.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We are.
text: David looks across the store at Elijah talking with the customers.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: He's doing well today.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: I'm very proud of him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He's been through a lot in
dialog: his life. A lot of ups and
dialog: downs, a lot of bad spells.
dialog: A couple I'd thought had
dialog: broken him... I mean
dialog: emotionally.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They were bad... But he made
dialog: it. Yes he did.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: He's kind of a miracle.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: Yes he is.
text: They both watch Elijah from across the room.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH'S MOTHER
dialog: I'll tell him you're here.
text: David watches as Elijah's mother walks across the store and waits for Elijah to
dialog: finish talking.
text: David turns back to the framed sketch. He looks at it with his hands in his
dialog: pockets. Beat.
text: David's stare turns into a gaze. His gaze turns into stillness.
text: THE SKETCH is of a withered man with large tense eyes. He sits in the shadows.
text: He's seated in some type of machine. There are lots of buttons and levers on the
text: machine. The machine has wheels.
text: David turns from the sketch. He looks across the room to Elijah seated in his
text: wheelchair. Elijah's large eyes stay focused on the customer's as he finishes
dialog: negotiating.
text: David turns back to the sketch. He looks at it with growing confusion. The more
dialog: you look at drawing, the more the machine the man is seated in looks like a
dialog: wheelchair.
text: David looks back across the store. Elijah and his mother are talking. Elijah has
dialog: spotted David.
text: Beat. Elijah starts across the crowded store towards David. He wheels up to him.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Did you see this?
text: Elijah has a newspaper on his lap. He holds it up.
text: There's a drawing on the front page. It's a hooded figure shielding two huddled
text: children behind him.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH(soft)
text: It has begun.
text: David stares quietly at the sketch of himself.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: When I saw it this morning.
dialog: I felt a part of the world
dialog: again.
text: Elijah looks down at the newspaper.
text: David hesitates and then reaches forward.
text: He reaches past the paper... And TOUCHES ELIJAH'S ARM.
text: FLASHCUT: AN AIRPORT GATE. ELIJAH IS STANDING AT THE WINDOW LOOKING OUT ONTO THE
scene_heading: AIRFIELD. HE'S CRYING.
text: SIRENS START SOUNDING THROUGHOUT THE AIRPORT.
text: WAITING PASSENGERS START GETTING UP AND MOVING TO THE WINDOWS.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What's going on?
text: Elijah speaks to no one in particular as he stares out the window with tortured
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
text: A plane just crashed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: FLASH CUT: ELIJAH AND AN ELDERLY MAN IN A UNIFORM ARE SEATED IN A HOTEL BAR.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: I've worked here twenty-five
dialog: years. I know all its
dialog: secrets.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Secrets?
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN(whispers)
dialog: Like if there was ever a
dialog: fire on floors one, two, or
dialog: three... Everyone in this
dialog: hotel would be burned alive.
text: ELIJAH LOOKS UP FROM HIS DRINK.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: FLASHCUT: ELIJAH LEAVES THE ENGINEERING ROOM OF AN AMTRAK TRAIN. HE PASSES THE
text: ENGINEER WHO HAS JUST ARRIVED WITH COFFEE.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: Passengers aren't allowed in
dialog: there.
text: Elijah doesn't answer and doesn't turn around as he exits train 177.
text: SLAM CUT BACK TO PRESENT:
text: David takes two unsteady steps back. Elijah has tears in his eyes as he gazes
text: down at the newspaper. He looks up to David.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH(low voice)
dialog: I almost gave up hope. There
dialog: were so many times I
dialog: questioned myself. I've made
dialog: so many sacrifices but it's
dialog: all been worth it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There are millions and
dialog: millions or mediocre people
dialog: in the world David. Isn't it
dialog: great that we aren't one of
dialog: them?
text: David looks like he stopped breathing as he backs up in the store.
text: Customers step between him and Elijah. Elijah becomes obscured and then blocked
dialog: from view.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: David emerges from the store slowly. He braces himself against a parked car and
text: then keeps on walking in a nightmarish daze.
text: WE PULL BACK as David Dunne blends in with dozens and dozens of ordinary people,
text: walking on an ordinary street, in an ordinary city.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
dialog: 
