dialog: 
speaker_heading: BAAR
speaker_heading: ENTERTAINMENT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FILNNNATION
speaker_heading: ENTERTAINMENT
dialog: Under the Skin
text: In Under The Skin, the startlingly original science fiction film from visionary director
text: Jonathan Glazer (Birth, Sexy Beast), we are introduced to a new monster. A monster for our times.
text: Scarlett Johansson (ron Man 2, Lost in Translation) plays an alien that takes the perfect synthetic
text: form of an irresistibly alluring woman. She drives remote highways seeking the resource she is here
dialog: to collect - us - and snaring it with her sexuality.
text: It is deadly efficient, but over time it becomes intrigued by emotions it never knew existed. Drawn
text: to our humanity, ‘it’ slowly becomes ‘she’. As her empathy grows, her resolve weakens and she goes
text: ‘off mission’, setting herself on a collision course with her own kind.
text: Nerve shattering, sexy, provocative and utterly compelling, Under The Skin is a film about our world
text: seen through alien eyes, which promises to be one of the most talked about films of 2011.
dialog: Under the Skin is available for your territory.
dialog: We look forward to discussing with you further!
dialog: Best,
dialog: Glen Basner
dialog: Rob Carney
dialog: Tara Erer
dialog: t +1 917.484.8900
dialog: f£ .1 917.484.8901
dialog: filmnation entertainment
dialog: 150 west 22nd st, 9th floor
dialog: new york, ny 10011
dialog: www.wearefilmnation,com
dialog: 
speaker_heading: UNDER THE SKIN
scene_heading: WRITTEN BY: WALTER CAMPBELL AND JONATHAN GLAZER
scene_heading: BASED ON THE NOVEL BY: MICHEL FABER
scene_heading: TO BE DIRECTED BY: JONATHAN GLAZER
speaker_heading: FILNNATION
speaker_heading: ENTERTAINMENT
dialog: 
scene_heading: DIRECTOR’S STATEMENT
dialog: I remember the first time I saw the image of this planet as
text: photographed by man. The blue, life-giving glow of earth
text: held like an only child in the black eternal void. That God-
dialog: like perspective defines us as a species which is
text: transcending its physical limitations. In that image both
dialog: our power and our fragility come into sharp focus.
dialog: It is a very alluring vision. As I began to imagine this
dialog: story, I pictured an alien seeing this. I imagined that even
dialog: if it knew nothing of the earth’s rich bounty, it would
dialog: still be drawn here.
dialog: What if this traveller through timeless distance could look
dialog: upon this jewel of a planet and see nothing of its beauty or
dialog: its wonder but rather an equation? Perhaps in the same way
text: the conquistadors went in search of new worlds, driven by
text: the unfettered arrogance of commercial opportunity. Looking
text: down at us the way a lion looks at a lamb. A being that was
dialog: somehow the opposite of us or an extrapolation of what we
dialog: might become. Thinking from inside this alien perspective I
text: am struck by the horror of that absence. The sheer emptiness
dialog: of an existence without the central tenets of humanity.
text: In Faber’s book, the story is one in which the two aliens
text: are immersed into human form. Concealed to appear and act
dialog: exactly like us. Then transported to earth to hunt us. We
dialog: being an equivalent perhaps to chocolate or tobacco.
dialog: For the purposes of this statement I’m going to concentrate
text: on one of these. An alien disguised as an alluring woman.
dialog: I wondered what would happen to such a creature during its
dialog: work here, if it were put in the way of subtle, fragile,
dialog: tenuous, human events. What might that immersion into our
dialog: consciousness lead to? What if the alien against its will
dialog: became human? What if it turned to face its own blind spot?
dialog: Came to recognize its own horror? Witnessing that
dialog: transformation is central to the heart of our story. The
text: unwitting discovery of human self as ‘it’ becomes ‘she’.
dialog: A great monster is one we recognize ourselves within. The
text: quintessential moment in Frankenstein is when Boris Karloff
text: picks flowers with the little girl by the lake. The
dialog: proximity of those two sat beside each other is where horror
text: resides. The corruption of many bodies to make an incomplete
text: whole, yet a fragile heart somehow retained within its
text: monstrosity.
dialog: With these aliens we’re creating a new Frankenstein. A new
dialog: Dracula. A new monster for our times.
dialog: The aims of our film are to seduce the audience, frighten
text: them, disrupt them, provoke them, enthral them. To show them
dialog: something they’ve never seen.
dialog: Jonathan Glazer
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTLAND. HIGHLANDS. NIGHT. 1
text: We open on fire raging.
text: We're looking at a wild bonfire on the edge of a gulley.
text: The flames are so high they swirl into the black sky above
dialog: the trees.
text: Through the flames and against them we see the thrashing
text: movements of a NAKED FEMALE FIGURE, mid 20's, which gyrates,
text: writhes and flexes.
text: Her eyes roll in a strange, deadened ecstasy as she dances to
text: some unheard music and the tongue protrudes tasting the
dialog: smoking air.
text: The scene is elemental, rapturous, primitive.
text: The smoke pours off the blaze as her body shakes like a
text: rattlesnakes tail.
text: She shows no pain or pleasure as she cavorts, and flings her
text: sweat and stomps in abandonment with arms outstretched. The
text: body oozes vulgar insanity.
dialog: It's like watching sin.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTLAND. LOWLAND ROAD. NIGHT. 2
text: A light advances towards us along a rain-swept road.
text: It is moving fast and its distant drone gets ever louder.
text: Rain bounces off the tarmac as a motorbike lashes through
dialog: frame.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTLAND. HIGHLANDS. NIGHT. 3
text: The Fire Woman is spinning out of control against the flames,
text: then down she goes into the mud, collapsing under the force
text: of abandonment. She is fading away as the fire rages higher
dialog: than ever.
text: Now she is on her knees, her head is folding down, the flames
text: lick at her, steam shimmering off her body.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTLAND. HIGHLAND ROAD. NIGHT. 4
text: The bike climbs up banking turns.
text: It grinds hard against the pull of the incline, thundering on
text: up the twisting rock-strewn curves towards the summit.
dialog: 2.
text: Advancing through swirls of smoke, the rider slows into a
text: gully where the smoke hangs thicker and billows in the
text: intense heat and gusting chill.
text: The wet road gleams with the reflection of flames swirling
dialog: above.
text: Then he sees the pale figure lying there in the glistening
text: mud at the base of the roaring fire.
text: He dismounts and removes his helmet. The BAD MAN.
text: He hurries to her and lifts her up out of the mud.
text: He looks into the body, not the face but the centre of the
text: limp doll he is holding.
text: He shakes it. Shakes it again until the eyes seem to open.
text: He helps her to her feet, helps her to recover, then steadies
text: her as they walk out of frame.
scene_heading: INT. A BLACK VOID. 5
text: A black screen.
text: Thick 'hubble bubble toil and trouble' cauldron black liquid.
text: The black of nightmares, which curdles and boils, and spits
text: with toxic malice.
text: It convulses, then folds in on itself, as if suppressing some
dialog: instinct to surge.
text: Then a flux, and intricate structures begin to grow from this
text: black mass, conjured like some abominable spell.
text: Something is articulating itself into form.
text: A surface bulge develops a protrusion and from it emerges a
text: long weaving BLACK LIMB. Like a living tentacle.
text: The limb unfurls with an unpleasant manner, snaking forward
text: with a meandering reach.
text: It is soon free from the body of the black mass and moving
text: across a white, flaring surface.
text: We feel other movement within it as it slips toward us.
text: Here and there, a sudden gleam reveals a spike.
text: They thicken and waver, then become solid with intent.
text: Plumes of spikes flourish, then fold into a triangular form,
text: shocking in its geometric perfection.
text: Then a slither of flat, rectangular black.
text: Then a cube.
text: Then an octahedron.
text: The sides multiply exponentially until it becomes a sphere.
text: It's as if it's expressing that it can become anything.
text: It hovers in an expanse of white, flaring, beautiful light.
text: Now a colorless circle, like the skin of a drum, appears and
text: aligns with the black sphere.
text: It folds itself over, covering it.
text: We recognize its detail as the parts of a human eye.
text: We see the pupil that sits within the iris is not a black
dialog: lens as we expect, but a perfect cylindrical cavity reaching
text: back through the sphere.
text: Now a black tendril aligns itself with the cavity.
text: It slides through the back to the other end through the space
dialog: where the pupil should be.
text: The form that was a sphere is now an EYE, indecipherable from
dialog: the real thing.
text: A TONGUE is in the space, flanked by TWO EYES just above.
text: The formation drifts into position alongside a motionless,
text: human, FEMALE FACE, like humming birds hovering at a flower.
text: The MOUTH and EYE SOCKETS open perversely wide.
text: The tongue enters.
dialog: And docks.
text: The cavernous mouth closes.
text: The spheres enter their two cavities as if drawn on threads.
text: The eyelids close.
text: The lids open again.
text: EYES shimmer in the gloom, brand new and clear.
text: We close into the bright twin forms until rays pour in and
text: the eyehole shapes fill with light.
text: The two ellipses blend into one viewpoint.
dialog: 4.
text: And through them, through ‘her' eyes, we see the perfect
text: sphere of EARTH as seen from space.
text: A black HAND-SHAPE slips inside the flaccid synthetic glove
text: of a HUMAN HAND.
text: The fingers stiffen then splay, the internal hand stretching
text: into command of the puppet around it.
text: The fingers wriggle provocatively then clench into a fist.
text: A photorealistic masquerade of bone, knuckle, vein and
text: musculature hardening into this little boulder of attitude.
text: Now we cut to her actual POV. The camera as an eye.
text: Which looks down at the two hands in front of us.
text: We lift them closer to study them.
text: The fist points towards us, knuckle on, full of portent.
text: Then it is lowered.
text: Beyond them, still looking down, we see our feet standing on
text: this flaring white light which is everywhere.
text: Then they begin to walk and of course we walk with them, all
text: the time looking down on them as if they were our own.
text: Left foot then right then left and so on.
text: We look over the top of our breasts and dip further over them
text: as if we could crane our neck at an impossible angle to see
dialog: our navel and our pubis.
text: Then, still looking down at our own walking body our
text: viewpoint arcs to the left so we are now looking down at the
dialog: top of our own shoulder.
text: Then our viewpoint rotates across the shoulder so we are now
text: looking at our back and the top of our buttocks and again
text: crane further out to watch the backs of our calves as this
text: craft, this body, continues its slow walk forwards.
dialog: It's as though we've rotated our whole head 180 degrees to
dialog: view this impossible angle of ourself.
text: Then our body stops, and as it does so, our viewpoint comes
text: back round over our shoulder, still looking down, and back
text: round to the front.
text: Now our viewpoint lifts and we cut to an image of the whole
dialog: of her.
text: A serene, assured YOUNG WOMAN - black hair, beautiful skin.
text: All is wonderfully charged yet also dormant.
text: A picture of indomitable femininity.
text: We are studying the anatomy in some detail.
dialog: Shoulder, knee, abdomen, nipple.
text: But non-sexually. Non fetishistic. Factual. Anatomical.
text: Like a technician might inspect a car fresh off a production
dialog: line.
scene_heading: INT. A WHITE VOID. 6
text: The Fire Woman is lying on a pure white block like an art
dialog: exhibit.
text: White flesh on ice white stone.
text: Her bedraggled, muddied body lies motionless, like a cadaver.
text: Her eyes stare unblinking at the endless white haze above
dialog: her.
text: An elegant figure moves toward the body, the Young Woman.
text: She stops in front of the white block and regards her.
text: She looks at her the way she might look at a blank wall she
text: may be thinking of painting or pulling down.
text: Her eyes travel over the flesh.
text: Then they halt their detached flow across this pale landscape
text: as something piques their interest.
text: A small dot scurrying along the undulations of the stomach.
text: She moves closer to the body and extends her fingertip to the
text: woman's shoulder, intercepting the path of the dot, AN ANT,
text: which stops in front of the huge obstacle.
text: Its antennae feel it with curiosity and caution, then it
text: walks up onto the fingertip.
text: The Young Woman brings the finger up to her face so she can
text: watch the earthly stowaway more closely.
text: It remains suddenly dead still except for its slowly wavering
dialog: antennae.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTLAND. THE SEA. PRE-DAWN. 7
text: Something is happening in the sky above the sea.
text: Inexplicable, effortless, beyond logic.
dialog: 6.
text: A thin, rectangular LINE OF PURE WHITE LIGHT about two miles
text: long is held in perfect parallel with the horizon.
text: It sits motionless a hundred and fifty feet above the
text: surface, and three miles off shore.
dialog: It is beautiful - as harmonious as it is worrying. Complete
dialog: omnipotence.
text: The sea beneath it is millpond calm. A gentle tide sweeping
text: into the shore is all that can be heard.
text: Far out, something is moving slowly towards us. A refractory
text: imperfection of the light on the water's surface.
text: It is an object moving on the water towards us.
text: As we watch its approach, we eventually see what it is.
text: A BOAT.
text: A fifteen-foot long, black, wooden skiff gliding towards us.
text: Seemingly under its own steam as if a giant finger had
dialog: propelled it.
text: Soon it is in the shallows and the hull glides into a grind
text: against the pebbles.
text: From behind camera, the Bad Man enters frame.
dialog: What tells us he’s not human is that he's not looking at that
text: thing in the sky. His attention is totally on the boat
dialog: instead.
text: As he reaches the bow, he drags it up onto the stones.
text: The Bad Man now throws back a cover to reveal the Young
text: Woman, vacuum-packed in transparent material.
text: The Bad Man steadies the boat in the swell. He takes out a
text: knife, makes a few deft cuts in the packaging.
text: There is no sudden gasping for air or dramatic coming to
text: life. The naked female simply steps out of its plastic
text: sheathing, and then from the boat onto the shore.
text: The Bad Man throws a blanket round her.
text: She waits there silently in the half-light with a look of
dialog: abstraction.
text: The Bad Man pushes the boat adrift again.
text: The two figures turn and walk shoulder to shoulder up the
dialog: beach.
text: It's here, as we pan away from the sea to follow their walk,
dialog: that we see where we are.
dialog: 10
text: The wild landscape of Northern Scotland.
text: Not a word has been spoken, not a gesture imparted.
text: The epic light in the sky remains.
text: The figures emerge through a bluff of sand to find a white
text: transit van parked with its back to the sea.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE VAN. MOVING. ROAD. CONTINUOUS. 8
text: The Young Woman steps into the back of the van.
text: She folds herself daintily past the heavy motorbike held in
text: place with industrial straps and between the hanging clothes
text: that make a crumpling sound above her.
text: She clears a space between bags, empty shoeboxes and
text: discarded undergarments.
text: The Bad Man shuts the doors and we hear his footsteps move
text: around to the side of the van and get in.
text: She pulls her angular limbs into some pants and a bra.
text: The van trundles off as she gathers clothes from the
text: collection that hangs about her.
text: The things of the world are dressed onto her. Shirt, skirt,
dialog: shoes, coat...
text: She opens a box in front of her revealing documents and
text: credit cards all bearing her photograph and the name “MS.
speaker_heading: LAURA FLYNN”.
text: She begins to put them into a small handbag.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. URBAN SHOPPING CENTRE. CAR PARK. DAY. 9
text: The van glides into the rows of parked cars eventually
text: turning into a vacant space.
text: It is Laura who gets out.
text: She locks the van and we pull away from her as she walks
text: towards a bustling shopping centre.
scene_heading: INT. URBAN SHOPPING CENTRE. CONCOURSE. CONTINUOUS. 10
text: Laura steps out of a lift into the concourse and the echoing
text: hubbub floods in from all directions.
text: She walks purposefully along the bright marble walkways.
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 8.
text: As she moves into the throng, we see heads turn. Men and
text: women stop in their tracks.
text: Here comes life; lusty, bold, outrageous life, dripping with
dialog: vitality.
text: She moves on through the melee of people - women with swish
text: shopping bags, mothers with buggies, invalids in motorized
text: chairs, candyfloss-haired pensioners, teenagers.
text: She walks into the cosmetics area of a busy department store.
scene_heading: INT. URBAN SHOPPING CENTRE. COSMETICS DEPARTMENT. CONTINUOUS.
text: Everywhere is colorful, flamboyant bling and blaze.
text: Fluorescent lights, a myriad of counters, mirrors, heavily
text: made-up sales assistants pampering customers.
dialog: Lipsticks, mascaras, brushes, hair products, skin products,
text: towers of hair extensions. A palace in the service of beauty.
dialog: [Much of this sequence will be shot with hidden cameras in
dialog: order to observe her within real situations. This technique
dialog: will allow us intimate access to the wonderful raw experience
dialog: of human life. Human beings seen through alien eyes. ]
text: Laura's fingers sweep over trays of nail polish and pick out
dialog: one or two.
text: Then the selecting fingertips drift on to mascaras and
dialog: lipsticks.
text: We drift towards her head, and then to her ear almost as if
dialog: we were about to fall into it.
text: She listens to the myriad of words and blasting noises.
text: The absorption of it all is palpable.
text: We hear snatches of conversation about boyfriends or jobs or
dialog: life in general.
text: Laura is at the counter having paid and is putting all these
text: things into her bag.
text: She becomes aware of TWO SECURITY MEN who have positioned
text: themselves to enjoy her exit.
text: One is on his walkie-talkie most likely alerting others.
scene_heading: INT. URBAN SHOPPING CENTRE. CONCOURSE. CONTINUOUS. 12
text: Laura steps back out into the throng of the concourse and
text: immediately we see ANOTHER SECURITY MAN notice her from
text: across the atrium.
dialog: 13
dialog: 9.
text: He furtively brings his walkie-talkie a little closer to his
dialog: chin.
text: His eyes track with her as she moves. She looks up at the
text: mezzanine balcony.
text: On all four levels of the atrium we see SECURITY MEN lean
text: over balustrades, peering down at the beautiful shopper.
text: She is almost back at the lifts, but as she leaves, we see
text: her looking intently at a man with a large rucksack, a
text: vagrant fishing a discarded burger from a bin before moving
dialog: on.
text: Her attention is completely on him.
text: She is watching which way he exits the building.
text: He moves onto the road through the glass frontage.
text: The doors of the elevator shut as Laura gets out her parking
text: ticket and her keys.
scene_heading: EXT. URBAN SHOPPING CENTRE. SERVICE STATION. DAY. 13
text: Laura replaces the nozzle in the petrol pump and crosses the
dialog: forecourt to pay.
text: She passes a SALESMAN. His head is bowed as he pumps, but
text: he's staring up though his eyebrows at every tilt of her
dialog: body.
text: Behind her, a roadster at a pump. Inside, THREE YOUNG LADS.
text: The driver revs the engine lustfully.
text: The roadster drives off, tyres smoking.
text: Laura keeps moving.
text: She focuses on a HITCHHIKER walking backwards on the main
dialog: road.
text: He holds up a cardboard sign with one word on it. “MERCY”.
text: He smiles at a thundering truck. It rumbles on unaware of the
text: smile. He stops smiling.
text: He's the same vagrant she saw in the shopping centre. Pure
dialog: coincidence.
text: Laura moves more urgently now into the shop. ANOTHER LAD,
text: who’s paid and leaving, stares transfixed as they pass.
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: INT. URBAN SHOPPING CENTRE. SERVICE STATION SHOP. DAY. 14
text: She approaches the counter brandishing a card. Gives it to
text: the CASHIER GIRL.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Number three.
text: The roadster peels back down the road to the station, hits
text: the brakes and spins.
text: Smoke pours from wheel arches as it doughnuts aggressively.
text: The transfixed lad is right by the shop window now, staring
text: in at Laura like a zombie.
text: The cashier girl looks at her curiously.
speaker_heading: CASHIER GIRL
dialog: You've set them off.
text: (Shouts over her shoulder
dialog: into the back room)
dialog: Stuart, can you call the police!
text: The girl hands Laura her card and receipt.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Thank you.
text: Laura turns to leave.
scene_heading: EXT. URBAN SHOPPING CENTRE. SERVICE STATION. CONTINUOUS. 15
text: The driver's door of the roadster opens and a GANGLY
text: TEENAGER, gets out. He moves toward Laura.
speaker_heading: GANGLY TEENAGER
dialog: We're going for a wee drink down
dialog: the road. Do you fancy it?
text: She keeps walking but he steps into her path.
speaker_heading: GANGLY TEENAGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Just fucking stand still a minute.
text: Laura stops. Then the Salesman pipes up.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Can you no leave her be?
speaker_heading: GANGLY TEENAGER
dialog: (zero tolerance)
dialog: What the fuck do you think you’re
dialog: doing!
text: The teenager shifts the focus of his adrenalin and walks up
text: to the Salesman. The three other lads pile out of the car.
dialog: 16
dialog: ll.
text: Laura resumes her walk to the van.
dialog: What happens now is of no consequence to her. It’s peripheral
text: noise. Her focus is on the hitchhiker on the main road
dialog: beyond.
speaker_heading: GANGLY TEENAGER (CONT'D)
dialog: What else?!
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: (pleading for calm)
dialog: Alright, alright...
text: The teenager looks at him hard. Then turns to his mates.
speaker_heading: GANGLY TEENAGER
dialog: I think he knows what’s coming!
text: The lads laugh like drains.
text: Suddenly the teenager swivels and lashes one into the
text: Salesman’s face. Down goes the Salesman.
text: Laura gets in her van. The teenager stamps down on his back.
speaker_heading: GANGLY TEENAGER (CONT'D)
dialog: (like a diagnosis)
dialog: Wheelchair.
text: The Salesman folds up in agony. Laura starts the engine.
speaker_heading: GANGLY TEENAGER (CONT'D)
dialog: (manic laugh)
dialog: Oh, he’s done him! He’s done him!
dialog: He does NOT look happy!
text: Laura pulls away, leaving this turbulent testosterone wake.
scene_heading: INT. LAURA'S VAN. MOVING. CONTINUOUS. 16
text: Her eyes scan for that hitchhiker as she accelerates onto the
dialog: main road.
text: Then she sees him up ahead, he’s walking backwards with his
text: sign held out.
text: She slows to compose herself.
dialog: Everything is in order.
text: She refocuses on him.
text: But then a car pulls out of the junction ahead of her. The
text: hitchhiker’s thumb shoots out.
text: Laura speeds up.
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 12.
text: But too late. The car ahead pulls in.
text: She rolls past as he gets in.
text: The rearview mirror shows an old man driving the car. He’s
text: laughing and offering a cigarette to the hitchhiker.
text: She refocuses on the distant highway. Unmoved.
scene_heading: INT. LAURA’S VAN - MOVING. SHORT WHILE LATER. 17
text: Laura comes to a roundabout. She rolls round it twice,
dialog: assessing the best route to take.
text: Finally, she chooses one, indicates and heads off along it.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE VAN. TRUNK ROAD. NIGHT. 18
text: A sign is held in the headlights of Laura’s van. STRANRAER 14
speaker_heading: MILES.
text: She plows on through the miserable rain.
text: Movement up ahead, and she eases off.
text: The beam finds A FIGURE. It half turns.
text: A bomber jacket with a green football shirt underneath and a
text: green scarf wrapped around the head. A bag over its shoulder.
text: She slows more.
text: He tugs the scarf down to show his face in the beam.
text: He’s a beefy farm boy. She pulls up.
text: The window opens to a gusting howl. His eyes widen as he sees
text: who’s driving.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Are you going to Stranraer?
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: I’m catching the boat. I’ve got to
dialog: get to a match.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I’m going that way. But
dialog: I’m just wary who I pick up.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: Fair enough.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Haven’t you got any friends or
dialog: family who'll take you?
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: No. Nobody likes me.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No wife?
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: (perishing the thought)
dialog: Nah.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Or girlfriend?
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: Nah, I’m totally available at the
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (playing dumb)
dialog: Are you a football player?
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: Don’t be daft, I’m too fuckin’ fat!
text: Hibs are playing Glentorren in
dialog: Belfast. I don’t play football. I
dialog: watch football. And I watch fucking
dialog: Hibs. Am I getting any closer to
dialog: getting in?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: When do you have to be back at
dialog: work?
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
text: I sign on again at the end of the
dialog: month.
text: A thunderous shake as a truck booms past.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen love, are you going to give
dialog: me a lift? Cos if not, I’1l crack
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What's in the bag?
text: He hefts the bag up to the window and unzips it to reveal
text: balled up clothes. He looks at her.
speaker_heading: LAURA CONT'D)
dialog: Put it in the back.
text: He gets in. Laura pulls out.
text: He wipes the rain off his face with the end of his scarf.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: So what’s your story?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: What are you heading over for?
text: Laura turns to look at him.
text: There is something wanton, almost pornographic, in her pretty
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh, I’m not. I’m just driving up
dialog: that way. I was just feeling
dialog: restless, you know, couldn’t sleep.
dialog: So I came out for a drive.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: You’re a right good look’n girl to
dialog: be riding around all alone at this
dialog: time of night.
text: Laura smiles.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Do you think I ought to be more
dialog: careful?
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: Aye, I do.
text: He looks at her and a glimmer of caution flickers in his
dialog: eyes.
text: He looks to the space about her - to the little compartment
text: in the door and to the glove box.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You should have some of that stuff
dialog: you can spray... it’s like tear
dialog: gas. Or a gun. If you were an
dialog: American you'd have a gun.
text: Laura seems not to be attending to his warning and her
text: causality reassures him.
text: He smiles a little at what he perceives to be her innocence.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN (CONT'D)
dialog: They’re not all as nice as me you
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What time’s the ferry at?
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: There’s one at three and one at
dialog: six.
text: Laura swivels her torso a little in his direction.
text: a piggy eyeful of the goods.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Do you really never miss a match?
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: You’re a right wee chancer.
dialog: 15.
dialog: Gives him
text: He takes a long look at her. The good fortune sinks in.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I have a place about an hour in the
dialog: other direction.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: And who else has to give this idea
dialog: the nod?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Just us.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL FAN
dialog: (with profundity)
dialog: All my life I’ve been a Hibs fan
dialog: and I’ve never missed a match.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Well..
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD. SAME.
text: The van slows. Signals to pull over.
text: Stops. It idles in the rain signalling.
text: Then the signal flips to the other side.
text: The van swings into a U-turn.
dialog: 19
text: We see Laura serious, staring into the night. He leans back
text: smiling and unfurls his Hibs scarf out of the window in
dialog: victory.
text: Everything is heightened, the silence, the air, his heart
dialog: rate, the suppressed desire, the overt come-on.
text: The straight road races as the undulating headlights play
text: over black tarmac.
dialog: 16.
text: Up ahead we see a bend coming, and beyond the road the woods
text: seem darker and more cavernous than ever.
text: The headlights point right into them without finding detail,
text: just a black void, and the beams reaching into it.
text: As the van reaches the bend, we expect Laura to turn the
text: wheels into it... but instead the van plunges straight ahead.
text: He gasps (as we do) expecting the jolt and thud of some
text: violent impact, but it doesn't come.
text: The anticipated crash doesn't happen.
text: The van rolls on smoother than ever.
dialog: There must have been a road there. One that she saw but we
dialog: didn't.
text: He half-squints down the beam of the headlights, confused
text: that he cannot see any detail out there. Just impenetrable
dialog: blackness.
text: The road underneath the wheels sounds very different too.
text: Smooth. Too smooth. Like driving on ice, no rumble.
text: She slows and gradually, without a word, the van comes to
dialog: rest.
text: He looks at her, she seems happy, so everything must be fine
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Come on Colin.
text: She opens the door and steps out.
text: Her heels click and echo on the infinite black marble floor
dialog: which has appeared here - where there should be a forest.
text: She beckons him.
text: He steps out, aware only of her and what his mind is telling
dialog: him might be about to happen.
text: He pulls his Hibs scarf from the window, and ties it round
text: his neck as he gets out.
text: We follow close on his back now, her just ahead turning and
text: undressing, leading him into this black world illuminated by
text: the reach of the van's headlights.
text: Colin grins, removing his jacket.
speaker_heading: COLIN
dialog: (lusty)
dialog: There is a God.
dialog: 20
dialog: 17.
text: She backs away sensuously.
text: He steps eagerly towards her.
text: He removes his football shirt, grimy vest, belt, boot,
text: another boot, jeans, pants.
text: She removes more of her clothes as she walks seductively
text: ahead of him, deeper into the blackness.
text: He's naked now, except for his scarf. His big fingers slip
text: the knot of his thick green scarf with all the erotic
text: crescendo of an LA stripper.
text: Suddenly, the shiny black floor starts to give way beneath
text: him, softening like molasses.
text: His feet descend into the ooze but undaunted, he strides on.
text: Deeper and deeper into the thick black liquid he sinks, and
dialog: as he does we recognize this pit as that same evil soup from
dialog: which Laura was formed.
text: But as if blind to this madness, he strides deeper and deeper
dialog: with each step.
text: His eyes and his mind are locked on her alone.
dialog: Oblivious to the bizarre falling away of the world as we know
dialog: it.
text: He's wading waist-deep now, eyes still locked trance-like,
text: driving forward feverishly, straining against the pull of
text: this abominable black quicksand.
text: Down and down he goes until completely submerged in the
text: syrupy black darkness.
dialog: Gone.
text: The floor reforms.
scene_heading: INT. LAURA'S VAN. DAY. 20
text: Laura sits behind the wheel.
text: Her hands move at her side then draw up her circular compact
dialog: mirror.
text: It clicks open and with only a functional interest, she sets
dialog: herself to rights.
text: She reapplies lipstick, re-varnishing to a perfect gloss.
text: She dabs ultra black to the tips of her eyelashes, enhancing
text: them to their ultimate, alluring potential.
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 18.
text: The face trapped in the circular glass is perfectly still and
text: unattached to the proceeding throughout.
text: The eyes check the handiwork.
text: The mirror snaps flat and is set aside.
text: The wrist turns the key, the gears engage and the game is on.
scene_heading: INT. LAURA'S VAN. DAY. 21
text: A rather WIRED, BALD MAN is staring at Laura, his shiny face
text: glowing hot with sexual arousal. He smiles a hesitant,
text: unpleasant smile.
text: She glances at him from moment to moment as she weaves along
dialog: these winding roads.
text: He licks his lips nervously. Then edges a little closer
text: towards her.
text: His hand slides slowly across the seat.
text: His fingertips furtively reach and probe at the edge of her
text: thigh, half-frightened they might arouse rebuttal.
text: He looks at her lasciviously, his tongue swelling in his hot
dialog: head.
text: He looks down at her smooth flesh, and gulps at the idea of
dialog: it.
text: He eases the hem of her skirt a little higher.
text: Laura looks down at her exposed thigh then up at him and his
text: eyes fixed on her flesh.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Don't get ahead of yourself.
text: He retracts his fingertips, folds his arms admonished and
text: smiles out of the window instead.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: We're going to do this my way.
text: They drive on now in the twisting backwaters of rolling
text: hills, on and on through dark, bleak fields on either side.
text: The wind howls round the van.
text: Soon Laura is turning into a worn track.
scene_heading: EXT. DERELICT HOUSE. SHORT WHILE LATER. 22
text: They arrive between half collapsed sheds drawing into a
dialog: sodden yard.
dialog: 19.
text: She pulls up and looks at the man, her eyes breaking loose
text: with wild provocation.
text: She backs out of her seat, lithe and supple, opens the door
text: and eases out.
text: The Bald Man eases out too, but he's less assured in every
dialog: way.
text: As he drops down from the van, his thin shoes designed for a
dialog: night out in whatever silly, little bar she found him in,
text: land straight into a puddle.
text: The water fills his shoes in a split second somehow snapping
text: him out of his sexual stupor.
text: She dangles her keys seductively as she moves towards the
text: ruin of a house.
text: He looks surprised by the place she's brought him to. It's a
text: million miles from the love nest he imagined. The house is a
text: crumbling wreck about ready for the bulldozer.
text: He suddenly stops.
speaker_heading: BALD MAN
dialog: There's someone in there!
text: As he speaks the sound of his own words resonate in him
text: bringing a sudden alarm.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BALD MAN
dialog: (pointing up)
dialog: I saw that curtain move.
text: She turns blank-faced to look up at the house.
text: We focus hard on the window and it is still as the crypt.
text: A tiny slit of black runs up one side of it where the curtain
text: is badly hung but there is nothing there.
text: She finishes looking up at the window and looks back at him
text: smiling. He is still pointing at the window.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: There's nothing there.
text: She turns back towards the house.
speaker_heading: BALD MAN
dialog: I saw something...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Come on.
dialog: The spell
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: BALD MAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Why? Are you serious?... There's
dialog: nothing there.
speaker_heading: BALD MAN
dialog: No... I'm not going in there.
text: is really broken now, and she knows it.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You're seeing things. There's no
dialog: one in there.
speaker_heading: BALD MAN
dialog: There fucking well is. I saw it
dialog: right... Do you know who's in
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Don't be silly.
speaker_heading: BALD MAN
dialog: Why is it silly? I'm telling you
dialog: there's someone in there.
text: Laura flashes her most alluring smile.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Well, I know there isn't.
speaker_heading: BALD MAN
dialog: (not having any of it)
dialog: Nah. Nah, nah, nah. I know what
dialog: this is. You've got a bloke in
dialog: there with a fucking bat! You were
dialog: going to fucking mug me! What a
dialog: fucking idiot... bird like you
dialog: wanting to fuck a bloke like me, do
dialog: me a favor, this is a fucking set-
dialog: up.
text: She opens the door and steps inside.
text: Beyond her he can just see the dank interior of the building.
text: The dilapidation around the door frame is obvious even in
text: this light, but beyond the threshold, just the vortex of
text: darkness blacker than everything else.
dialog: She turns
text: in the doorway leaning forward, eyes wide saying
dialog: “What's the problem! ?”
text: Exasperated and still keyed up with suspicion, he looks into
text: the darkness, peering past her and into it for a moment,
text: silent, considering his options.
dialog: 23
dialog: 21.
text: From the darkness her voice softly speaks.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: There's no one in here. Just me.
dialog: Come on...
text: He has to move forward to hear what she's saying.
text: Furious and still completely sure he's seen something, he
text: stops in the puddle just before the stoop.
text: He gathers his thin jacket close to him.
speaker_heading: BALD MAN
dialog: I know what I saw and that's that.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: It was the wind. So what!?
text: He doesn't really know where his is. He starts to doubt
dialog: himself.
text: He looks up at the front of the house. He looks back at the
text: van longing to get in it and leave.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on.
text: He fishes a lighter out of his pocket and strikes it,
text: sheltering it from the rain.
text: The faint light illuminates Laura's smiling face.
text: He ventures in.
speaker_heading: BALD MAN
dialog: If someone jumps me in here...
text: Laura laughs a coquettish laugh.
text: He shuts the door.
scene_heading: INT. GLASGOW HOUSING ESTATE. DAY. 23
text: Laura’s eyes are set on a YOUNG MAN who is cutting down from
text: the main road across a bit of communal grass. He jumps a
dialog: railing.
text: He is pale and so thin a light breeze could blow him over.
text: His eyes are tired the way a man of eighteen shouldn't be.
text: Dark and sunken with broken veins about the temples.
text: She is trying to anticipate his next turn when, as if
text: suddenly aware of himself, he turns back on himself a few
text: steps and slips into a doorway.
text: She stops and watches.
dialog: 22.
text: Another figure comes and they speak through the glass, the
text: Lean Man leaning close to hear.
text: Laura pulls into the curb and stops.
text: The Lean Man is talking fast, his eyes suddenly earnest.
text: The figure inside moves hesitantly behind the frosted ripple
dialog: glass.
text: A little figure appears on the street. A SMALL HOODED PERSON
text: walking towards the van, a cigarette held by its side and
text: smoke peeling off it.
text: He seems set to walk straight past the van but stops abruptly
text: right by the window and looks in at Laura.
text: The top half of the Hood is all that is visible from inside
dialog: the van.
text: Laura looks down at it unmoved, and it stares back equally
text: unflinching.
text: Then a little voice comes, muffled as if not really trying to
dialog: be heard.
speaker_heading: HOOD
dialog: Are you lost?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: HOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: You there... are you lost?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: HOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you lost?
text: Laura turns away to look back at the Lean Man. The door he is
text: speaking at opens a touch.
speaker_heading: HOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you not hear me? Open the
dialog: window a bit.
text: The Hood taps the window gently and waves a little hand in
text: the international sign for ‘lower the window’. Laura lowers
text: the window a little crack.
speaker_heading: HOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: You in there... Good looking! Are
dialog: you lost is it?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: HOOD
dialog: You waiting for somebody?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yes.
text: Another LAD is slipping through the railing the Lean Man
dialog: jumped a few moments ago.
text: He's shaven headed and expressionless except for eyes that
text: dart to the little figure next to the window from time to
dialog: time.
text: Laura looks towards the Lean Man and the door that he's in
text: front of, which opens to let him slip inside.
speaker_heading: HOOD
dialog: Who’s that then?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: A friend.
speaker_heading: HOOD
dialog: Aye but who is it... you know what
dialog: I mean... I'm wanting a name or two
dialog: see.
text: We see another LAD come out of one of the blocks and stroll
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: HOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: I know everybody from about here
dialog: you see... so I could go and hurry
dialog: them along a bit so you'd not have
text: tee be sitting about like a cunt.
text: The boy nearest allows himself a smirk at the remark but then
text: his face returns to nothingness.
speaker_heading: HOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: You dinna want tee be hanging about
text: these streets like a cunt.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I’m fine don't worry.
speaker_heading: HOOD
dialog: I’m not worrying. Who was it you're
dialog: waiting on then?
text: Another SMALL FIGURE crosses towards the van so as to block
text: its route down the road.
text: A glance in the rear view mirror reveals ONE MORE strolling
text: toward the van also in the road.
text: She starts the engine but the kid in the road is right in
text: front of the van now.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: HOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Why didn't you open the window when
dialog: I was talking to you?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I thought you'd...
speaker_heading: HOOD
dialog: You're talking out of your arse...
dialog: You're an oul whore aren't yee,
dialog: waiting about tee suck our cocks.
text: Someone somewhere thumps the side of the van. It booms a
text: metallic thud.
text: The Hood flicks his ciggy butt into the tiny gap that the
text: window is open.
text: Sparks burst inside the van as the butt pings off the
text: dashboard.
text: Then another thud. The Hood batters the window.
text: The lad at the front of the van spits on the windscreen. Spit
text: flies out of the Hood too, fouling the side window.
text: Swearing starts in earnest now with venomous little sharp
text: blows and kicks punctuating the verbal attack.
text: The sides of the van are being pummelled now.
text: The van is shaking, as others arrive to intimidate and drive
text: off the intruder.
dialog: This is their patch.
dialog: They say what goes on here.
text: One of the feral lads has climbed up onto the van and is
text: jumping on the roof.
text: The thudding menace is deafening now, and swearing of an
text: extraordinary volatile nature ricochets around the van.
text: We cut to a wide shot.
text: Suddenly the kids are scattered by two gun shots being fired
text: from out of the crack of Laura's open window.
text: A moment later, the street is empty again and silent, as if
dialog: none of it had happened.
text: The metal echo of the shots seems to hang in the air.
text: Laura starts the van and moves away without any fuss.
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 25.
text: Half a minute later, and with no great effort, we hear the
text: low hazy growl of a motorbike and suddenly the Bad Man sweeps
text: through the shot. Straight down the middle of the road.
text: The growls hum away into the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWLANDS. DAY. 24
text: We are high up, looking down at the undulating hills,
text: sprawling woodland and long ribbon of grey road below.
text: We see the van as little more than a moving white dot from
dialog: this vantage point.
text: In its wake, we see the dot of black that is the Bad Man on
text: his motorbike.
text: We watch them travel always just out of sight of each other.
scene_heading: INT. A LITTLE VILLAGE. DAY. 25
text: Sunshine. Laura's van rolls down the main drag of a village.
text: The streets are strangely empty. Laura slows.
text: We take in her point of view as she looks into an open door
text: of the village store where a woman reads the paper behind the
dialog: counter.
text: She rolls past a bakery. An old dear wipes off her display
dialog: case.
text: We travel on, and past the open door of a pub.
text: Inside, the space is crammed with men silently watching the
text: national football team. Engrossed by a penalty being taken.
text: As we reach the apex of our passing of the doorway, we hear a
dialog: voice announce for a beat “tonight could see this young man
text: become...” the voice is lost, all the faces remain locked.
text: Laura refocuses on the road and lets the van gather speed
text: along the empty streets and out of the village into the
dialog: country lanes.
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ROAD. DAY. 26
text: Laura’s van drives through the lowland.
scene_heading: EXT. COAST ROAD. DAY. 27
text: Laura is driving along the coast road near the Sound of
text: Arisaig. The sun is strong.
dialog: 28
dialog: 26.
text: She sees a half visible sign through a bush,'BEACH', and
dialog: turns.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH CAR PARK. DAY. 28
text: A sprinkle of vehicles. Laura drives in, scanning out the
text: window she suddenly focuses on something and stops.
text: She parks, then steps out.
text: Leading over the dunes towards the beach is the splatter of
text: many footprints.
text: She moves along the path led by the footprints, then suddenly
text: breaks off it, drifting away to the right, following one
dialog: distinct set.
text: The footprints weave off along the dunes eager to find a spot
text: far away from all the others.
text: She is drawn with them. Far off she can see the main beach
dialog: and its holiday-makers.
text: 'There', are families and a stretch of sand, laughter and
text: dogs barking.
dialog: 'Here', is rocky and quiet.
text: Her eyes scan about and find those significant footprints re-
text: emerge by the shoreline.
text: A LONE MAN in cut-off jeans walks in the breakers.
text: Off to the west, a YOUNG COUPLE sit on a rock.
text: They watch their YOUNG CHILD splash in a shallow pool, their
text: dog leaps in the surf.
text: The low sun sparkles off the water around them.
text: The couple lean closer and become one shape against the
dialog: ocean.
text: The space between them flashes like a message.
dialog: Kiss - Sparkle - Kiss
text: Laura focuses on the lone man again.
text: He is pulling his shirt off. He's about thirty, toned.
text: He runs towards the sea. In he goes like a dart.
text: Laura looks at the muscular swimmer as she walks to the
dialog: beach.
text: The sun plays around her perfect flesh and hair.
dialog: 27.
text: He swims through the glitter like he's on rails.
text: Laura sits on the sand near his rucksack and boots.
text: He comes back into the shallows. Distant laughter beckons his
text: attention along the beach towards the family.
text: Laura follows his gaze.
text: The toddler splashes the dog as it bounds between his rock
dialog: pool and the tide.
text: The father watches as the dog thrashes into the foam.
text: Giggles and yelps mingle with the waves.
text: The young mother walks into the breakers. She laughs as the
text: undertow shifts her gently.
text: Now the swimmer is walking back towards his things.
text: As he approaches, Laura smiles.
text: He almost stops dead in his tracks but makes it to the
text: rucksack.
text: He pulls out a towel and rolls it around on his head.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You're a good swimmer.
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: Am I?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You seem good to me... I never
dialog: learned.
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: Well, you could still have a
dialog: paddle.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Is it cold?
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: Not too bad.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You're not from here.
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: No, I'm from the Lake District.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: On holiday?
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: No, I'm not on holiday. I'm living
dialog: up here.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: All alone?
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Do you live near here?
text: He points to a small orange triangle in the distant dunes.
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: I live there, in that tent.
text: The distant tent flutters against the wind.
text: A shout cuts across everything.
text: The young mother's.
text: The swimmer turns his attention from Laura and looks across
text: to the neighboring bay.
text: Laura follows his gaze.
text: The woman is walking waist deep towards her dog, which is
text: swimming out after its stick.
text: The shout again from the woman to the animal but the drift of
text: the stick is enticing it farther out.
text: The swimmer moves away from Laura and back towards the waters
dialog: edge.
text: Now the dog is in the heavy water. The father calls out to
dialog: it.
text: The child is still splashing in his rock pool.
text: The mother decides to swim out. It doesn't seem that far to
dialog: the animal.
text: She strokes out, then looks up.
text: She is feeling the deep tug of the powerful undertow and
text: becoming unnerved.
text: The husband edges deeper into the breakers expecting his wife
dialog: to turn back.
text: She sets to again but her stroke is erratic.
text: The dog is gone from his thoughts now although yelps signals
dialog: it's in serious trouble.
dialog: 29.
text: Sweat breaks on the husband and his eyes fill with alarm as
text: his wife goes under for the first time.
text: He plunges in.
text: The mother's face is frozen in realization as the waves seem
text: to push at her from all sides.
text: Her open mouth gasps for oxygen and help.
text: No sound. Gulls scream above.
text: The swimmer is now running away from Laura and down the
dialog: beach.
text: The husband ploughs through the water towards his wife.
text: In another dozen strokes he'll be in with her and in the grip
dialog: of the rip tide too.
text: The swimmer is running hard and hits the water like a
dialog: torpedo.
text: He is moving rapidly towards them.
text: The tide draws her harder and the distance between her and
text: her husband opens up.
text: She goes down for the second time.
text: The husband is pushing after her, his fear drawing his energy
dialog: at every stroke.
text: The wife flails then goes under.
dialog: Gone.
text: The husband gasps with dread, and feeling the tide pulling
text: around him tries to hasten his stroke.
text: Suddenly the swimmer is at his shoulder.
text: The husband kicks away from him, but his energy is almost
dialog: spent.
text: The swimmer tries to wrestle for control. Him against the
text: pull, the husband writhing to free himself.
text: The swimmer forces the fight out of him with a clench then
text: flips back, dragging the husband against the current.
text: The swimmer throws exhausted strokes, digging clear of the
text: turbulent water.
text: Stroke clear, kick clear, clear.
text: As his feet touch down, the swimmer drags the man away from
dialog: the draw of the tide.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30.
text: He battles hard for every step until his legs start to buckle
dialog: with fatigue.
text: With the last of his strength he pushes the man out then
text: collapses into the sand, chest heaving, eyes swimming with
text: fainting delirium.
text: The exhausted husband stands... and walks back out to sea.
text: The swimmer tries to raise himself. Tries to follow. But he's
dialog: spent.
text: The husband claws his way deeper out into the swell, manic,
text: fuelled by adrenalin.
text: He's carried away by it, flailing like a rag-doll...
text: Then he's gone.
text: Laura is looking.
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: No response.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH. SHORT WHILE LATER. 29
text: The toddler is standing a few feet from the waves, his little
text: face wet with tears but no sobbing.
text: The swimmer’s body is half out the water.
text: Laura enters frame without urgency and leans over the
text: swimmer. She studies his face as he passes out.
text: She takes hold of him at the belt buckle and heaves him away
dialog: from the tide.
text: The child, numb with fear, starts to utter half-formed words
text: manically, over and over.
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: Daddy go!? Mummy go!?
text: As if unaware of the child's presence, she passes it as she
text: hauls her prize towards the dunes, stopping from time to time
dialog: to get a better grip.
text: The bemused child stays put, watching the jolt of every wave
text: with despair and hope.
text: It points out to the horizon, imploring Laura to do
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: CHILD (CONT'D)
dialog: Daddy go! Mummy go!'
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 31.
text: Laura spots the swimmer’s abandoned rucksack a short distance
dialog: away.
text: She releases her white-knuckle grip on the body, letting it
text: slump, then goes to retrieve the bag.
text: She puts it over her shoulders and tightens the strap across
text: her body, so as not to interfere with the job at hand.
text: As she takes her bearings again, she sees his body move. His
text: elbow is pushing into the sand in an effort to raise his
text: groggy head up.
text: Dead-eyed, she sets off towards him urgently, plucking a
text: large stone from the sand as she goes.
text: She arrives, delivering a single, sharp blow to the back of
text: his head.
text: He slumps flat out at her feet.
text: She casually looks about. Finding a path, she is off again.
text: Clearing the dunes she stops, cautious, as the car park
text: looms.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: She half-stands, and watches the last vehicles pull away in
text: the dusk light. Only her car and a camper van remain.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH CAR PARK. DUSK. 30
text: She opens the passenger door and leans him against the
dialog: opening.
text: She hauls the body up onto the seat, dragging the legs into
text: place, then fastening him in with the seat-belt.
text: His head flops about.
text: She steadies it with her spare hand as she drives out across
text: the bumpy car park to the road.
scene_heading: INT. VAN. ROAD. DUSK. 31
text: Laura drives. The swimmer wakes suddenly. He looks at her.
text: His eyes reach out the window and weave, trying to understand
dialog: where he is.
text: He presses his head in various places as if trying to push
text: his awareness back into place. We see him wince under the
dialog: effort.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: We're nearly there.
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: Nearly where?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: My place.
text: He is wet. His bag is on the floor by his feet. These are his
dialog: only certainties.
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (mock confused)
dialog: I'm Laura.
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: Where is he? Where's the kid?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: He’s fine. I knew they should have
dialog: taken you to hospital. You came to,
dialog: you said you were alright and you
dialog: were happy to have me take you.
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: Is the dad OK? I thought the dad
dialog: was going to go back in.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No he didn't go back in. You saved
dialog: him. I've never seen anything like
dialog: that. So brave. You said I'm going
dialog: to stop this and you did. You saved
dialog: that child's father.
text: She looks at him with overt adoration. Like he could have
dialog: anything he wants.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: You're a hero.
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: I couldn't get the mother.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What you did was a miracle.
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: What was his name?
dialog: 32
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (Touching the swimmer's
dialog: leg reassuringly)
dialog: Do you mean the little boy's name?
text: The hand lingers.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAND DUNES. NIGHT. 32
text: The Bad Man walks along the dunes. He is making for the
text: little orange tent the swimmer had pointed out from a
dialog: distance.
text: On arrival at the bedraggled tent he dips inside, folds away
text: the worn blanket and pillow, and without breaking rhythm,
text: starts to dismantle the tent poles, pegs and cords.
text: He moves inside and out expertly.
text: Bit by bit it rolls away, creating a tiny bundle that fits
text: under his arm.
text: He stands and looks at the spot.
text: All that is left is a flattened rectangle in the sand.
text: The winds are already blurring the edges of the shape into
dialog: obscurity.
text: His task complete, he turns back towards the ridge of the
text: dune and the car park it leads to.
text: Thirty feet along the ridge, the Bad Man sees the boy has
text: made his way to the path.
text: The child is standing there in silent desperation, devoured
dialog: by fear.
text: He shivers a little under the Bad Man’s gaze and his eyes
text: roam about as he ponders what crying out actually achieves in
dialog: a situation like this.
text: The Bad Man looks at the child without so much as a blink. He
text: is covered with a dusting of sand especially around his nose
text: and mouth where his tears and slobbers have become caked with
dialog: grit.
text: We can see he’s tried to eat the grass or dirt.
text: His knees and hands are scratched from falling down and his
text: face is weathered from exposure.
text: His clothes are damp from the night in the open air.
text: His reddened eyes are already lost in shock.
dialog: 33
dialog: 34.
text: The Bad Man moves on.
text: The toddler tries to follow as he passes by.
text: A dry whimper murmurs at his back as he rouses himself.
text: The Bad Man turns to look at ‘it’ with the sharp focus of a
dialog: scientific instrument.
text: The way a microscope looks at a new germ or a jaded doctor
text: studies an X-ray.
text: There is no meaning in his gaze, he is simply measuring
dialog: equations, examining the possibilities for the most expedient
dialog: action.
dialog: Satisfied, or rather having understood the probabilities
text: fully, he simply turns away.
text: After a dozen steps, the toddler realizes the Bad Man’s
dialog: leaving.
text: At first it is like a groan or a deep hum but as the distance
text: between them opens, the power of the sound increases in an
text: astounding way.
text: He now experiences a squeal that reverberates on a cosmic
text: level, a noise of such pitch as to stop the gulls in the sky,
dialog: to silence the waves.
text: He hears it all the way to the motorbike and even as he kick-
text: starts the engine the sound still cuts through.
text: Does he drive away in haste? It's hard to say. Perhaps it's
dialog: just us wishing him to flee. Perhaps it would just be more
text: acceptable if he would, to escape this nerve-jangling howl.
scene_heading: INT. VAN. ROAD. NIGHT. 33
text: Laura waits for the traffic lights to turn green.
text: A FAMILY SALOON pulls up alongside. Her attention is suddenly
text: disrupted by an incredible noise.
text: She turns as if commanded to look at its cause.
text: There in the back seat is a tiny TODDLER bawling. Its little
text: cheeks are wet with hot tears and snot.
text: It is obliterating the air with a scream so desperate, as to
dialog: suggest it might at any moment burst.
text: The mother in the car seems calm, not unsympathetic but
text: almost oblivious.
text: Now there is a rasping drawing of breath, a beat, then
text: incredibly the noise goes up a notch.
dialog: 34
dialog: 35.
text: The sound echoes the desperation of the child on the beach.
text: Laura's eyes are locked on it.
text: The lights change and the saloon pulls away, taking the
text: urgent cries off into the distance.
text: Laura is transfixed for a moment, then she moves to put the
text: van in gear and pulls away, but the lights change to red
text: again before she can.
text: She sits there, her eyes wandering, then drawn to the distant
text: saloon still just visible far along the winding road.
text: An unexpected beat of contemplative stillness ensues.
text: We're seeing a burgeoning. A residue of memory.
dialog: And the meaning of the event she witnessed connecting with
dialog: her.
text: Another CAR comes alongside.
text: Laura sees that the driver, a LAD with a trendy haircut, is
text: leaning out the window trying to talk to her. Mates and
text: girlfriends fill the car.
text: Laura winds her window down and thudding music comes into
dialog: focus.
speaker_heading: TRENDY LAD
dialog: I thought you was going to ignore
dialog: me for a minute.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TRENDY LAD
dialog: Out dancing tonight?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Not tonight.
text: With that, he jumps the red light, the car bleeding away into
text: the night in its version of a burn-off.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD. NIGHT. 34
text: Laura drives.
text: A man and woman emerge from bushes.
text: She drives on.
text: Two lads appear in the road. They smile and reach for the
text: van’s wing mirror as she passes.
dialog: 35
dialog: 36.
text: She drives on.
text: A swaying bloke walks half in the road. His girlfriend is
text: laughing. He raises his hands jubilantly as Laura passes.
text: She drives on.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD. INDUSTRIAL ESTATE. NIGHT. 35
text: Laura sees a FIGURE on the opposite side of the road thumbing
text: a lift. He is alone except for a kebab which he attends to
dialog: with gusto.
text: Laura keeps a bead on him as he turns away from the road
text: towards a supermarket car-park.
text: She drifts down the road, scanning, trying to spot him.
text: She stops and gets out. She walks at his pace then slows.
text: She can see headlights and other people moving.
text: A deep beat thuds. Too public, she turns to walk back to the
dialog: van.
text: A white stretch limo has pulled up. A HORDE OF WOMEN pour
dialog: out.
text: Unsteady on their heels, some stumble with drunken abandon.
text: They are giggling at anything - a dropped hat is hilarious,
text: an exposed breast is gut-aching comedy.
text: Laura is reaching her key into the van door when one of the
text: passing girls approaches her.
speaker_heading: DRUNK GIRL
dialog: Hello love, yee alright there?
text: Laura nods quickly. The girl leans into her.
speaker_heading: DRUNK GIRL (CONT'D)
dialog: Yee are gorgeous yee... what yee
dialog: doing out here all in the dark
dialog: alone love? Has some cunt upset
dialog: yee?
text: Laura intimates that she is about to leave.
speaker_heading: DRUNK GIRL (CONT'D)
dialog: It's only one o'clock hen, I’m not
dialog: letting yeh go home yet. I'm not
dialog: letting yeh. Girls come here, this
text: lass is saying she's away home.
dialog: Have yee see her? Here love, show
dialog: the girls...
dialog: 36
dialog: 37.
text: She steers Laura towards the crowd of girls.
text: They gather round peering in at her, then they start to
dialog: chant.
scene_heading: FOURTEEN DRUNK SCOTTISH WOMEN
dialog: ‘Come on out tee night... come on
dialog: out tee night... looking right
dialog: tonight... come on out tee night’.
scene_heading: SKINNY DRUNK GIRL
dialog: Look at her... she looks like a
dialog: film star.
text: She waves the girls away but they start to hug her with over-
text: familiar zest. It's all good humoured, but there’s a volatile
dialog: energy to it.
speaker_heading: SKINNY DRUNK GIRL (CONT'D)
dialog: Has someone upset yee?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FAT GIRL
dialog: We are taking you intee the party
dialog: and we are gonna find out who’s
dialog: upset yee.
text: Laura is swallowed into the happy throng. Gathered up in
text: their flow towards the club entrance.
text: She's almost invisible in this moment, part of the party
dialog: machine.
text: BIG MEN in black jackets and other figures gather at the
text: doorway of the ‘Deer Park Nightclub’.
text: Lads being drawn out by the high pitched energy of drunk
text: girls on a hen night.
scene_heading: INT. DEER PARK NIGHTCLUB. SHORT WHILE LATER. 36
text: One of the girls, a drunk, SLOPPY BLONDE five years past her
text: prime, leans in to Laura to be heard above the din of music.
speaker_heading: SLOPPY BLONDE
dialog: You've got nice ear lobes.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SLOPPY BLONDE
dialog: Very pretty. Nice to nibble.
text: She is close now, her breath hot on Laura's neck.
dialog: 38.
text: Laura allows her hand to come up and touch her ear lobe.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I've never liked ear nibbling it
dialog: gives me the jitters.
text: She takes hold of Laura's hand in a strange affectionate yet
dialog: controlling grip.
speaker_heading: SLOPPY BLONDE
dialog: You've got nice lips too.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I’m not the kind of woman who cares
dialog: to be touched by other women.
speaker_heading: SLOPPY BLONDE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I’m not really interested in women.
speaker_heading: SLOPPY BLONDE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I prefer men. They’re predictable.
dialog: I like to be in control.
speaker_heading: SLOPPY BLONDE
dialog: Well you can control me.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I find it easier to control men.
text: She puts the squeeze on, gripping Laura’s hand like she’s
dialog: hanging on for dear life.
speaker_heading: SLOPPY BLONDE
dialog: You think you’re better than me?
text: The atmosphere is made tense by her sudden dislike.
text: Laura deals with it by looking into her eyes, and meeting her
text: tense grip with a smile.
speaker_heading: SLOPPY BLONDE (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m a smart woman you know. I’m not
dialog: being funny but there aren’t many
dialog: smart women about. I’m a smart one,
dialog: yeah, I’m not here to be mugged
dialog: off.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Where you from?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Do you know London?
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: SLOPPY BLONDE
dialog: Yes, I know London. Who are you?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I'm Laura. We met a minute ago.
speaker_heading: SLOPPY BLONDE
dialog: (drunk certain)
dialog: You're not from London. Something
dialog: off about you. You’re a wrong’un.
text: She throws down Laura's hand. Laura is swallowed up by the
text: sudden, collective mass of dancing bodies.
text: Party people shoulder to shoulder.
text: The drunken girls are going wild.
text: Lights strobe, music booms.
text: Laura is at the centre of the action.
text: A lean LITTLE MAN is dancing close to get her attention. His
text: moves come thick and fast.
text: The girls notice. The fat girl leans in between the little
dialog: man and Laura.
speaker_heading: FAT DRUNK GIRL
dialog: Throw him back, he’s a tiddler!
text: The little man looks offended, but he styles it out trying to
text: show his worth with an uncertain smile.
text: There is a building energy as she turns away and looks into
dialog: the crowd.
text: The embarrassed little man moonwalks away.
text: Men are staring at her from all directions. Some openly, some
dialog: furtive.
text: ANOTHER BLOKE starts to dance in front of her. He smiles hard
dialog: into her the whole time.
text: Other men hover, their eyes locked on her.
text: People are talking to her.
text: Lads laugh at nothing, hoping she’ll join in.
dialog: She does.
text: A COUPLE starts snogging nearby. The man overtly looking at
text: Laura as he forces his tongue hard into his girl’s head.
text: The dancing and music build.
dialog: 37
dialog: 40.
text: The girls are all going wild, spinning like dervishes and
text: braying like donkeys.
text: A spotlight finds them.
speaker_heading: DJ
dialog: (over the P.A.)
dialog: Holy Moly!!
text: The girls laugh, flattered by the attention. Laura ducks
text: instantly and flees.
text: From above, we see her squeeze away through the endless
text: frenzy of bodies.
text: She tries another direction. We shift with her.
text: She turns again, looking for a different path.
text: Then a strobe light kicks in. A disorienting pulse of light
text: and dark. Flash frames of outline, then form, outline-form.
text: She looks about her, gauging a route off the dance floor.
text: Sudden, hissing blasts from smoke machines belch clouds of
text: white fog.
text: Everything is engulfed now - no warning - distance and
dialog: intimacy are as one.
text: Hands loom touching her, turning her.
text: Faces leer inches from hers, bodies bump and grind in
dialog: whiteout.
text: The lights flutter fusing the whirl of limbs and sound into a
dialog: psycho-fairground ride.
text: Everything is flipped and twisted and she's lost in it.
dialog: Consternation. Overload.
text: Her head is swirling like something’s going to fuse.
text: Her warning lights are flashing red.
dialog: Out! She needs to get out!
scene_heading: INT. DEER PARK NIGHTCLUB. RED CORRIDOR. MOMENTS LATER. 37
text: Laura moves anxiously along a curved red corridor.
text: Looks back to check the wild girls aren’t following.
text: Walking wounded litter the long corridor.
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 4l.
text: A girl overcome with booze, legs splayed out. An underage lad
text: gagging air into the floor.
text: On the curving red wall, she sees an ‘EXIT’ sign. She
text: quickens in its direction.
text: Things quieten as she walks deeper into its long red plush-
dialog: ness.
text: She stops. Another ‘EXIT’ sign points back in the direction
dialog: she came from.
text: She turns back on herself.
text: She sees a door open up ahead. A girl emerges. Laura heads
dialog: for that door.
scene_heading: INT. DEER PARK NIGHTCLUB. BATHROOM. CONTINUOUS. 38
text: Entering, she is confronted by a line of ten identical doors.
text: She turns to see a mirror wall reflecting the same line of
dialog: doors.
text: She freezes. She’s lost her bearings.
text: Then the door flings open and a YOUNG MAN walks in. It's the
text: bloke she followed into the car park.
text: He looks at her, then smiles nervously.
speaker_heading: LADIES MAN
dialog: I don't usually walk into the
dialog: ladies. But there's a line of
dialog: blokes out there waiting chat you
dialog: up.
dialog: (Shrugs his shoulders)
dialog: No alternative.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: My name’s Andrew.
text: And in that moment everything shifts back into alignment for
dialog: her.
text: She’s in control again. Of where she is. And how she got
dialog: here.
scene_heading: INT. DANCE FLOOR. SHORT WHILE LATER. 39
text: Laura is on the dance floor, moving, tempting.
text: Andrew is dancing next to her, smiling his head off.
text: She smiles back.
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42.
text: He sees his moment and moves even closer. She turns spinning,
text: on the shining floor. He leans into her ear.
speaker_heading: ANDREW
dialog: I was on my way home.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: I’m pleased I came back.
text: Laura leans into his ear.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I can't be seen leaving with you.
speaker_heading: ANDREW
dialog: No problem.
text: He kisses her neck. Laura gives him a cautious smile.
text: He smiles back and winks as he boogies on.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK VOID. SHORT WHILE LATER. 40
text: Laura is on the black floor. Still dancing.
text: No music now. Just the sound of her and Andrew’s dancing
dialog: feet.
text: She turns, showing flesh.
text: Andrew's slipping deeper into the floor with each movement.
text: He’s unaware of anything but her as he sinks into the
text: blackness. She smiles.
text: He is just a head looking up at her, adoringly.
text: She turns away as he slips under.
text: The floor becomes solid again.
text: She walks back over the spot he went through. Picks up her
text: skirt and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK VOID. UNDER THE FLOOR. CONTINUOUS. 4l
text: Andrew is looking up at the spot where Laura would be if he
text: could see through the blackness around him. His eyes adjust.
text: He realizes he’s looking at the other side of the floor. That
text: he’s beneath it.
text: Laura’s footsteps click... click overhead, diminishing.
text: He looks behind him to see the steps ascending into the
text: underside of the floor.
dialog: 43.
text: He feels for the spot he came in through, but it’s gone.
text: He looks down at his feet.
text: His toes slow slide along the lip of the step.
text: He tries to shift his weight, but his feet can’t make
dialog: contact.
text: He is weightless, as though underwater.
text: As he desperately tries to regain a footing, he drifts
text: further away. Or the stairs drift. He can’t tell which.
text: Everywhere is blackness. Only the stairs hold any affirmation
dialog: of reality.
text: But there they go. Moving gently away into the dimming void,
text: until the last suggestion of them is gone.
text: He hangs in this amniotic space deserted by everything he
dialog: understands.
text: Suddenly the far-off darkness shifts.
text: Something is out there. Indistinct. But big and heavy.
text: A barely recognizable FORM drifting in the abyss.
text: A mass of deformed flesh.
text: Bellies balloon around it like a ghoulish Marilyn Monroe
dialog: skirt.
text: Andrew drifts closer and sees a face, a distended bulk with
text: tiny eyes.
text: They are alive these hopeless eyes, and they are looking at
dialog: Andrew.
dialog: We realize this is, was, Colin.
text: His healthy frame mutated into this horrific form.
text: Andrew tries to speak but can’t. He stares terrified.
text: Colin’s eyes jolt with pain; swallowing and breathing at the
dialog: same time.
text: Andrew is close now.
text: Suddenly Colin’s giant arm reaches up. Swollen, gnarled
text: fingers plead for grasp.
text: Andrew looks at the hand and takes it. This monstrous claw is
dialog: somehow tender.
dialog: 44,
text: Andrew looks into Colin’s face. It is submitting to some
text: ambient decay, which has weakened the surface so that flakes
text: of detritus drift from it.
text: The left side of the head is breaking apart like wet bread.
text: The mouth is puffed-up, the lips split, burst like sausages.
text: Then, gliding like a car on black ice, Colin’s massive bulk
text: is carried away on some current.
text: His eyes longing for rescue remain locked on Andrew until he
dialog: disappears.
text: Andrew is alone again. Held by the black silence and terror.
text: We find Colin contained now inside a black box, a helpless
text: mound of flesh, elbows, toes, panic, back and bum.
text: The box tips dramatically toward us, pouring him out like a
text: child tilted from a basin.
text: He's no longer floating in liquid but carried on it instead,
text: round corner after corner by the flush of blackness which
text: swills about his bulk.
text: Then, a settling as the blackness calms.
text: Below him, TWO LONG CYLINDERS are turning inwards on
text: themselves like a mangle, crushing relentlessly.
text: Now this new surface tilts, making him slide in the oily
text: residue that drains off his body.
text: His addled flesh shivers and the flaccid bulk looks like
text: putrefied waste being shed into a bin.
text: The grind and judder of splitting flesh and shattering bone
text: as his legs go in.
dialog: Stupefaction!
text: His eyes quiver, his lips tremble for some way to squeal out,
text: but the body is purged of its filling by this abominable
text: machine in less than a breath.
text: The emptying of a life, the discarding of its power, its
dialog: hunger, its dreams.
text: All sapped away, wrung out.
text: This is a compelling display of destruction.
text: A dark harvesting.
text: An obliteration.
text: An unsettling realization of ignominious, absolute ending.
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 45.
text: The flow of blood and flesh is quelled through sluices, taken
text: away down long trickling gutters into another darkness.
text: The PURGED SKIN is seen now, spewing paper-thin from the
dialog: mangle.
text: Unrecognizable as human skin.
text: Expelled like an empty disheveled bag, no longer needed.
text: The rollers release their grip and it falls away.
text: Almost weightless, it drifts in the dead airless void like a
text: vast, broken, burst-shaped feather.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. DOORWAY. DAY. 42
text: Hard, crisp sunlight blasts the front of a sandstone
dialog: building.
text: This reflected light frames a recessed doorway, which holds
text: no detail, it is a simple black void.
dialog: We recognise what this darkness signifies.
dialog: We look into it and, rather than gradually being able to
text: discern some detail, the darkness persists in giving nothing
dialog: away.
text: Then we hear a door latch turn and the heave of a door being
dialog: pushed wide.
text: We hear the familiar click-click and swish of Laura's shoes
text: and dress, and she emerges into the light.
text: We close on her face as she reacts to the glare of hard
text: midday sun.
text: She identifies her path away from the scene of the crime and
text: starts walking.
text: We track with her, close on her face the whole time.
text: As she walks into the perfect day, we hear the sounds of the
text: world all around her.
text: The birds sing, the wind gathers, traffic hums in the
text: distance, she passes people talking, somewhere nearby someone
text: is drilling into the road.
text: Everything is completely ordinary.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAFFIC JAM. DAY. 43
text: Laura is in a long traffic jam approaching a busy junction.
text: On the hunt again.
dialog: 46.
text: The traffic slips forward at a snail’s pace. The rain hammers
dialog: down.
text: Up ahead, a small, SODDEN MAN carrying plumes of individually
text: wrapped red roses walks on the meridian strip between the
dialog: traffic.
text: He is trying hard to sell them to the motorists.
text: As she approaches the junction, a curious thing happens.
text: There is a tap on her window.
text: It's another VENDOR, rain streaming down his face. He's
text: waving a rose at her.
text: Her right hand slips down to the little storage panel in the
text: door where the bag we saw the gun delivered in sits.
text: Its ragged paper opening is just waiting there.
text: Her fingertips touch the lip of the bag as if checking its
dialog: availability.
text: The Vendor points over his shoulder. She winds down the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: (in a foreign voice)
dialog: The man, he pays you a flower.
text: He points to the traffic which is at a standstill going in
text: the other direction, and to a particular car.
text: A large, plush four wheel drive with a SUITED DRIVER who
text: beams a smile eagerly out across the concrete to her open
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: VENDOR (CONT'D)
dialog: He saw you, the man saw you.
text: She takes the rose. Easier than not to. Her window drifts up
text: against the squall.
text: The Vendor steps away and the traffic shunts on.
text: She tosses the flower on the seat. A tragic ‘toot toot!’ from
text: the flash car draws her eye.
text: The idiot in the 4x4 is waving his fingers out a slit he's
text: opened in the window.
text: She returns her focus to the car in front which is just
text: stealing forward another few feet.
text: As she engages the accelerator, she looks at her hand on the
text: steering wheel.
dialog: 44
dialog: 47.
text: There is a bright, red droplet on the index finger of her
text: right hand. The one she grabbed the rose with.
text: She stops moving forward.
text: She brings the finger up to the space about three inches in
text: front of her nose.
dialog: It's blood!
dialog: Her blood?
dialog: That's not possible, she has no blood.
text: Her hand rotates in some weird horror as she searches for the
text: prick. She can’t find one.
text: With her other hand she tentatively picks up the single stem.
text: She examines it - rotating it, careful to avoid any part of
dialog: it that might contain a thorn.
text: And then, there it is - piercing the cellophane sheath like
text: an exotic dagger.
text: She studies it - blood coats the spike and a red droplet or
text: two sit among the many rain drops.
text: She looks out the window to the Vendor crossing through the
text: standstill traffic.
text: He’s winding a tissue paper bandage around his hand. Mystery
dialog: solved.
text: She squashes the blood between her thumb and index finger as
text: a horn sounds.
text: The space of about a car’s length has opened up in front of
dialog: her and this of course is intolerable for the traffic that
text: lie directly behind her.
scene_heading: INT. VAN. EDINBURGH BACKSTREETS. NIGHT. 44
text: A LONE MAN walks.
text: Laura is watching as she creeps the van along at a snails
text: pace, waiting to seize her moment, but the backstreet she's
text: in is too narrow to pull up alongside him.
text: He suddenly turns down an alleyway. Laura pulls up opposite
dialog: the alley.
text: She slips out of the cab and follows after him.
dialog: 45
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: EXT. EDINBURGH BACKSTREETS. CONTINUOUS. 45
text: She hurries and takes the corner he did hoping to catch a
text: glimpse of him, or better still that he catches a glimpse of
dialog: her.
text: But he's not to be seen, just the sound of footsteps, fainter
text: and fainter.
text: She hurries along after them.
text: She comes to a turning but she can't make out which way the
text: sound is coming from.
text: She chooses straight ahead and, after hard walking for
text: another few seconds, realizes he's not going to be found.
text: She turns back on herself again and, with a sharpness in her
text: step, soon finds her way back to the street where she left
dialog: the van.
text: But the van is gone.
text: She looks up and down the street as if someone might step out
text: and with a shrug admit to the silly practical joke. But no
text: one comes forth.
text: The streets seem narrower than before when she was in the
dialog: van.
text: The houses are taller on each side of the road.
text: A dog barks somewhere.
text: A light goes on in a window high above her.
text: She walks on.
text: A shadow moves up ahead and A FIGURE walks out of the dark,
text: across the street and into a house.
dialog: On she goes.
text: A sudden racket as loud unwholesome laughter grates against
text: the night breeze.
text: Laura halts and seems for a moment almost about to turn
text: round. She calculates her options before hurrying on.
text: She is scanning everywhere now, watching for the scum and the
text: slime that she knows is out there.
text: She's seen it in action, she knows its dark hungers.
text: Noises seem to ooze from all sides.
text: A bottle shatters somewhere round the corner. Distant
text: shouting and doors slamming.
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 49.
text: She slides suddenly down a grassy bank and jumps into the
text: ditch at the bottom.
text: She crawls under a door, which has been fly-tipped along with
text: a load of filth, and hides.
text: Under there, she stops fretting and maybe even stops
dialog: breathing.
dialog: This is the way to lay low. This is the way to survive for
dialog: now.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE CAR-POUND. DAWN. 46
text: Laura is on the opposite side of the street to the car pound.
text: She is looking through its gates at the Bad Man saying
text: something to a car pound EMPLOYEE which makes him laugh a
text: hearty, sordid sort of laugh.
text: Soon we see Laura's van approaching.
text: And as the man delivering it gets out, the chit is stamped
text: and the Bad Man shakes the employees hand.
text: The Bad Man then gets into the van and drives it out onto the
dialog: road.
text: He pulls up a short way from the pound and gets out.
text: He hands Laura the keys as she approaches and moves off
text: towards his motorbike without a word.
text: The charming grin and ebullient demeanor he showed to the car-
text: pound employee is gone without a trace.
text: Laura gets in and drives away.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED ROADS. NIGHT. 47
text: A distant FIGURE in a trench coat is walking by the side of
text: the road, bent over against the rain.
text: The van draws along side him but he doesn't even look at it.
text: Just moves on.
text: The van persists there at walking pace.
text: Finally he stops. The van stops.
text: His head is still bowed into the rain, then slowly he lifts
text: it and half turns to face the van.
dialog: 48
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: INT. VAN. ROAD. SHORT WHILE LATER. 48
text: Laura's driving. The man in the trench-coat sits in the
text: passenger seat half turned towards the window. Rain thunders
text: down on the van.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You should get that coat off.
text: He fumbles awkwardly at the sodden coat to remove it.
text: His head is shrouded by the hood of his sweat top.
text: He pushes into the seat so as to obscure himself from Laura's
dialog: vision.
text: His hand comes up to draw the hood back, and as he does so,
text: there is a moment... a moment of halting sorrow.
text: The first note of disquiet is to see the paleness of his
dialog: skin.
text: Alarm heightens as deformed lumps reveal themselves to be
text: lips, eyelids and ears.
text: There is no balance to the congenitally deformed landscape of
text: this face. It is a mish-mash of monstrous features colliding.
text: He leans down to the coat and transfers a glinting DOG
text: WHISTLE from its pocket.
text: He taps the rain out, sucks it dry, then tucks it safe into
text: his shirt pocket.
text: Now he turns in her direction, revealing it all, and she is
text: already there, waiting for his eyes to meet hers.
text: And once they do, he sees her face is entirely untroubled by
dialog: his.
text: His mother wouldn't have been able to look at him as she does
dialog: now.
dialog: When people look at him they feel genetic shame. But she
text: looks at him like he has a normal face.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do people scream?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: What!?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: When you come out from under that
dialog: hood?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: Oh.
dialog: 51.
text: The man sits in the corner of the cab unnerved and
dialog: uncomfortable.
text: Then Laura looks over at him with a totally carefree smile,
text: an irresistible smile, and then back at the road.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Well do they?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
text: Children scream.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Do you get used to it?
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you annoyed because I kept you
dialog: standing in that rain? I just
dialog: suddenly thought, 'Who am I picking
dialog: up?' Because of your hood and
dialog: everything... and then I thought, I
dialog: can't leave anyone to walk in this.
text: He tries to distract himself from her beauty by looking out
dialog: of his window.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Do you mind me mentioning it?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: Mentioning what?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You know..you're face.
text: It's obvious his thoughts are jumbled. His eyes look to the
dialog: floor.
text: He tries to get his feelings out but they’re confused.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Have I upset you?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: No. I don't care. Well, no If you
dialog: want to know... I just don't need
dialog: it.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Sorry I just thought it's better to
dialog: be straight.
text: She gives the impression of someone trying to think of
dialog: something to say.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you go in to Doach often then?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: Every few days.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Have you got friends there?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: I go in to find work, once or twice
text: a month. Down near the docks, they
dialog: come along and pick you out the
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What sort of work?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
text: Cleaning, laboring. Cash in hand. I
dialog: got a night watchman job once but I
dialog: couldn't hold on to it because of
dialog: George.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (delicately focusing on
dialog: the new information)
dialog: Who's George? You didn't mention
dialog: George.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: My dog.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Your doggy, Oh! Who's looking after
dialog: him tonight?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: He can look after himself.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: He'll be under the willows. Waiting
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What willows?
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: I have a wee camp in Grancha Park.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Is that the one with the big wall
dialog: round it? That's about five miles
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: UGLY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Why couldn't you keep that job
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: Well he's alright if I'm gone for a
dialog: night but if it's too regular or
text: more than a night he goes loony,
dialog: howling and barking... someone's
text: been murdered when they hear him.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: He misses you.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: Aye.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: So why are you traveling at this
dialog: time of night?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: Because it takes a couple of hours
dialog: to walk there.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You’re quite a tough little man
dialog: aren't you!
text: She gives a longer more overtly admiring look.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: (bemused)
dialog: What's going on?
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: What's happening?
text: He finds his mouth working again almost without warning. It's
text: all suddenly too much for him.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What's happening? Is it a joke or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What are you talking about?
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: You looking at me like you want it.
text: Like it's on a plate.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I'm being nice to you that's all.
text: The little man is almost trembling with nervousness. So far
text: out of his comfort zone.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Well... I don't know. I like you.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: I don't want pity.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: And you have a nice mouth... a kind
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: My mouth!?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yes, it's cute! Some people have
dialog: nice eyes or hair..or big muscles.
dialog: You have a nice mouth. What's wrong
dialog: with that?
text: The little man sits with all this revelation churning around
text: in his little head.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: I've got a nice mouth??
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yeah...
text: She looks at him from time to time glancing away from the
text: road, gradually making him more and more comfortable with
text: her warm smiles and that specific kind of eye-contact.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Everybody's got something. I have
dialog: really nice legs..they're my best
dialog: part.
text: The Ugly Man's little eyes look down at those long legs.
dialog: We can see him afraid to look at this kind of woman in this
dialog: context.
text: She is opening doors he nailed shut a long time ago.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: About me? What's my best feature?
text: He looks at her.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t be afraid.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: I don't know. Everything?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh, that's very nice... I think
dialog: that's the best compliment I've
dialog: ever had.
text: They drive now, the rain hammering against the window and
text: Laura smiling so he can see her smile.
text: The Ugly Man is trembling with an intense, alarming
dialog: excitement.
text: More and more his eyes wander to her, each time she meets his
text: gaze with effortless sincerity.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: I've got an idea, why don't you
dialog: come and work for me today instead?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: Doing what?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Odd jobs. Nothing too difficult. A
dialog: few rooms that need sorting out.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: How far away is it?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: An hour's drive from here.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: That's too far, I won't get back in
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Don't worry about George. I'll
dialog: drive you back, how's that? I'd
dialog: like to meet George and see your
dialog: camp.
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 56.
text: We see his hands move furtively as he takes a nip of skin
text: between his thumb and finger... and pinches himself to make
dialog: sure he's not dreaming.
text: He looks back at her almost expecting her to disappear.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: I can't understand how a bird like
dialog: you doesn't have a man about. I
dialog: feel strange.. I don't know what
dialog: you want me to do.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh, don't be nervous. I won't bite.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: I mean what are you doing up here
dialog: all alone? Driving around all
dialog: alone?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I get asked that question a lot.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: Do you ever answer it?
text: She laughs and gives him a little nudge.
text: He smiles, maybe for the first time in years, and in that
dialog: moment we know he is lost.
scene_heading: EXT. DERELICT HOUSE. NIGHT. 49
text: A remote derelict house set some way back from the main road.
text: Laura is walking toward the door, her key aimed at the lock.
text: Behind her the Ugly Man edging along the path with uncertain
dialog: footsteps.
text: The key turns and the interior beckons.
scene_heading: INT. DERELICT HOUSE. CONTINUOUS. 50
text: At the end of the hall a staircase winds its way up into
text: infinite blackness.
text: Bits of the ceiling are on the floor and the ancient
text: wallpaper is peeling off the walls.
text: Laura coaxes him in with a smile and swings the door shut
text: behind him. They climb the stairs.
dialog: 51
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK VOID. SHORT WHILE LATER. 51
text: As before, the blackness is everywhere. The sounds of their
text: footsteps echo on the black marble floor.
text: As Laura walks, she looks over her shoulder as she lets her
text: top drop through her fingers.
text: The Ugly Man moves as if on a chain. Eyes locked on her.
text: He pulls his shirt up over his torso.
text: The steel dog-whistle pops out of his pocket and falls
text: through the darkness like a slither of sunlight.
text: It lands with a sharp tinkle-tinkle.
text: The noise brings on a silence like that after a gun crack.
text: Stirred, he looks at her, the other-worldliness is gone. The
text: spell is broken. He opens his mouth weakly.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: Ha... Cha Hel Hello...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: This is... I am. This is... I am
dialog: asleep?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: You're asleep too?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yes I am.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: This is great isn't it... I love
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: Cold.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: We won't let that stop us.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: I feel cold? I'm asleep aren't I?
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Of course you are.
text: Suddenly afraid, his eyes come off her and he turns the other
dialog: way.
text: His eyes search the darkness. They don't need to search far.
text: There, frozen in different moments of creeping stalk, are
scene_heading: FOUR BLACK ALIENS.
text: At first they're just shapes, dream images, unthreatening.
text: Yet in a moment, as the idea of them becomes clearer, they
text: become totally menacing.
text: He steps backwards, away from them and towards Laura.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: I don't like it...
text: Suddenly she is there on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Where’s George?
speaker_heading: LAURA
text: Under the willows.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
text: My mouth’s dry. Everything’s going
text: at a hundred miles an hour.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Come to me.
text: The Ugly Man is frozen in some weird mind space.
text: His eyes take in the horror of the place around him and the
text: information freezes him dead so that he can turn neither
dialog: right or left.
text: His eyes simply dart about trying to find a place to rest
text: that is not crazy and not inhuman and they find her.
text: He steps forward in the direction of that only thing that has
dialog: any hope in it.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: I'm dreaming... dreaming.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yes, yes we are.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: Good.
dialog: 59.
text: As the man takes another step to her, she reaches out to him
text: while taking a step backwards and he, like a dumb animal, is
dialog: summoned forward again.
text: Another shape emerges from the darkness... the Bad Man.
text: He steps over to where the little silver dog-whistle fell.
text: He crouches now and picks it up carefully.
text: He looks at the object for a moment, then, having understood
text: it, slips it into his pocket.
text: He steps silently back into the depths of the darkness again
text: and it is as if he had never been there.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You don't want to wake up do you?
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: No, never.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: They're gone.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: They better be. Gave me-self a
dialog: right fright there.
dialog: (reproaching himself)
dialog: Fucking shitter.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Come closer. It's warmer here.
text: The Ugly Man comes on reluctantly, like a man stepping onto
text: the gallows. He tries a smile, coaxing himself.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: (reassuring himself)
dialog: Okay.
text: Laura is working to keep him in line. He steps on and looks
text: to the floor as it takes him in.
text: He double takes. Laura beckons.
text: He breathes hard, eyes questioning.
text: His limbs edge into action.
text: The shadow figures withdraw.
text: At each step he persuades himself to take the next.
text: The frailty of his progress compels her. Her body falls into
text: a new rhythm, more insistent.
text: Her gyrations become a sensual dance.
dialog: 52
dialog: 60.
text: Her fingers click-click to provoke him.
text: His eyes widen.
text: Her arms, hips and neck scintillate.
text: His mouth hangs open. Soon he is in it up to his chin.
text: He takes a long, terrified look at Laura. She smiles at him
dialog: like nothing's happening.
text: He takes a deep, terrified breath, holds his nose and puts
text: his head under.
text: Laura stops, turns and moves back out of the blackness
text: towards the stairs, collecting her clothes as she goes.
text: We read the echo of fragility in the movement of her eyes and
dialog: body.
text: She seems less exact, less vigorous, less disconnected.
scene_heading: INT. DERELICT HOUSE. DAWN. 52
text: Movement through darkness as Laura emerges back into the soft
text: grey gloom of the house.
text: She is dressing as she walks, unfolding her shirt out from
text: under her arm and reaching into it.
text: She is on the stairs now as she buttons up, descending
text: quickly to the entrance hall.
text: At the bottom of the stairs she stops to fasten her shoes.
text: And as she stands again to approach the front door, she
text: catches sight of something looming next to the door, a shape
text: completely shocking to her.
text: Her own reflection.
text: Still and wary in a large jaded mirror.
text: She is completely startled by it.
text: Alarmed by herself, she backs away.
text: Eyes still locked on her image, which diminishes in size as
text: she retreats from it.
text: She stands stock still and looks away.
text: Then the slowest head turn ever back to the mirror until she
text: locks eyes with herself.
text: Then she approaches her reflection with trepidation.
dialog: 53
dialog: 61.
text: Now she's close up to it.
text: The eyes lock, reflection and reflectee. Mesmerized.
text: She raises her hand to touch her reflected hand.
text: A standing chill.
text: She looks at her face from different angles.
text: Slowly and deliberately shifting her pose, like an animal
text: coming to terms with its own existence. Like light
text: comprehending glass.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANCHA PARKLAND. NIGHT. 53
text: The Bad Man steps off his motorbike and moves to the wrought
text: iron gates of Grancha Parkland.
text: They are locked.
text: He steps back, scanning the area. He throws his leg over
text: metal spikes.
text: He walks up the pasture. Three weeping willows rustle in the
dialog: wind.
text: He gets to about twenty feet away and stops.
speaker_heading: BAD MAN
dialog: (calls)
dialog: George!... George!
text: Nothing. He looks about. Moves closer to the hulking trees.
text: Listening. The trees groan in the wind.
speaker_heading: BAD MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: George.
text: Suddenly there is a scramble in the leaves near him.
text: He turns to face the sound. The wind whistles.
text: Then aggressive barking... but in the other direction.
text: He turns.
text: Suddenly he reaches for his leg and spins. His hands tear at
text: whatever is grasping his thigh. In the half light he can see.
text: A MASSIVE ALSATIAN. George.
text: Eyes rolling in anger, teeth locked into his leg.
text: George twists trying to tear the leg off.
text: He raises a fist but as he brings it down, the beast is gone.
dialog: 54
dialog: 62.
text: The Bad man moves towards a fallen tree and gathers up a long
dialog: stick.
text: Armed, he turns, but at that moment, George is in the air
text: leaping at his throat. The man gets his arm up.
text: George knocks him to the ground and is on him, teeth locked
text: on his forearm. H
text: He reaches to tear it away. George snaps viciously at the
text: hand, then bounds off.
text: The Bad Man gets unsteadily to his feet.
text: The beast is moving at the edge of the willows. The Bad Man
text: looks at it. It looks at him.
text: The Bad Man turns seeking higher ground or some other
dialog: advantage.
text: George bounds out into the clearing. Then checks and returns
dialog: into cover.
text: The Bad Man is struggling to keep the animal in his sights.
text: The trees hiss and groan in the winds.
text: The Bad Man suddenly turns to and strides for the gate. He
text: clambers over it. We see George weave amidst the trees.
text: There, ominous for a moment, then gone.
text: The Bad Man clutches at his forearm, trying to stem a high
text: pitch wheeze of escaping gas from the wound.
text: An insistent hiss like decompression is visible through the
text: flapping edges of the ripped sleeve.
text: He takes A GUN from his inside pocket and loads the clip.
text: He reaches into his pocket. Takes out the Ugly Man's dog-
text: whistle, holds it to his lips and blows.
dialog: We hear nothing.
scene_heading: INT. DERELICT HOUSE. DAWN. 54
text: Laura is still looking at herself in the mirror.
text: From somewhere nearby, a strange buzzing seeps into the
dialog: space.
text: It drones and persists, becoming frantic.
text: The space falls silent for a brief moment then the buzz
text: starts up again.
text: Relentless and adamant.
dialog: 55
dialog: 63.
text: The noise is such that we see Laura slip out from her
text: confrontation with her own reflection.
text: She turns and there in a little window above the mirror is
text: the source of the noise.
text: A BEE throwing itself in skittish pulses at the glass
text: desperate to escape to the brightening dawn light outside.
text: Laura's eyes, weary and bewildered, just watch it.
text: Its wings beat against the glass, the sound intensifying
text: until it seems the insect might almost burst into flame such
dialog: is its desire.
text: And in that moment we can see that something within Laura is
dialog: slain and something born.
text: Slowly, she reaches towards it.
text: Her hand moves along the glass then scoops it up lightly and,
text: without haste, closes her fingers around it.
text: The bee is inside her fist now and the buzzing is wild.
text: We focus on Laura's hand as she walks slowly through the
dialog: hall.
text: We hear the sound of the desperate insect thrashing against
text: her closed palm.
text: She reaches the door and her other hand twists the handle
dialog: open.
scene_heading: EXT. DERELICT HOUSE. CONTINUOUS. 55
text: We cut outside to see her fist open and the bee fly out from
dialog: it.
text: She draws the door shut again without haste and we remain
text: with the bee as it weaves lazily towards the ragged flowers
dialog: in this forgotten garden.
text: We watch it arrive at a blossom and alight on it.
text: It steps over the bright yellow petals to gently find its way
text: to the pollen rich core inside.
text: The buzzing is different now - soothing, and the skittishness
text: replaced with a swaying, humming dance.
text: The bee is blushed with pollen as it emerges like some drunk
text: lover crawling out of an orgy.
text: It rises into the air again, drifting with the wind to its
text: next beautiful rendezvous.
dialog: 56
dialog: 64.
text: We hear a metallic rasp.
text: The front door is being pushed open again.
text: TWO FIGURES, just silhouettes in the gloom of the interior at
text: first stumble out of the house.
text: They seem to shy from the light for a moment but it is simply
text: balance they are struggling with.
text: Laura and something heaving for breath.
text: They're holding each other.
text: They draw closer.
text: She is holding it up. Supporting it, walking it.
text: It's standing now, sucking in air through its tiny misshapen
dialog: mouth.
text: It has legs, massive, bloated, and arms that hang flaccid.
text: Yet somewhere inside this bulbous mass, the folds of fat, the
text: taut skin about to burst.. is a man.
dialog: The Ugly Man.
text: They glint now as they step out of the building’s shadow...
dialog: they're wet.
text: Laura's hair trails over the Ugly Man as she struggles,
text: holding him.
text: Sodden and weak they move slowly. They step uneasily with
dialog: each other.
text: He manages to hold onto a tree, but now he straightens, seems
text: to find his feet.
text: She lets him step... then step again.
text: He's walking, she moves away from him, willing him to keep
text: moving. He steadies himself, then presses on.
text: She hurries to the van and starts it urgently. The gears
text: grind as it roars out of the drive.
scene_heading: INT. LAURA'S VAN. CONTINUOUS. 56
text: Laura is driving hard away from the house. Fleeing.
text: We see her over-take the struggling figure of the Ugly Man
text: and out onto an A road.
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: EXT. A FIELD. DAY. 57
text: A small, suburban cul-de-sac on the very edge of a field.
text: The Ugly Man is crawling, dragging himself through the muddy
text: ground towards it.
text: His bloated bulk is sweating and breathless from the effort,
text: his flesh torn and bruised from his journey.
text: The rooftops of the houses loom above the hedges, he seems
text: feet away from rescue, as if he could almost reach out for a
dialog: doorbell and everything would be alright.
text: The Bad Man enters the scene with sudden, alarming resolve.
text: His bike revs at the entrance to the field. He looks into it
text: intensely and sees the long grass move from something
text: crawling through it.
text: He shifts the bike into gear and we see him make a b-line for
dialog: the cul-de-sac.
scene_heading: EXT. CUL-DE-SAC. CONTINUOUS. 58
text: Birds are flitting in a bird table. The PAPER BOY is cycling
text: down the hill to the shops. Steam is coming from the vents
text: outside bathroom windows. The small close is waking up.
text: The Bad Man pulls up at the mouth of the street, stops the
text: bike and dismounts.
text: He can see the bulk of the Ugly Man just appearing through
text: the ragged hedges that scrub onto the pavement.
text: Facing him are the garden gates and beyond the waking houses
dialog: and certain rescue.
text: The Bad Man is now running. He heads for a car parked in a
text: driveway. He arrives at the drivers window and ploughs his
text: fist through it.
text: He reaches inside and opens the door with deft continuous
text: movement and gets in.
text: A moment later the engine starts and the car is eased into
text: reverse, suddenly everything is controlled urgency again.
text: He turns and takes off.
text: He stops just ahead of the Ugly Man who is now half on the
text: path, gets out, opens the back door then walks over to him
text: and drags him back towards the car, glancing about at windows
text: and doors with the full awareness that they might open at any
dialog: moment.
text: The Ugly Man is bundled in head first.
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: UGLY MAN
dialog: (muffled)
scene_heading: SOMEONE SAVVVVE MMMEEEEEEEE!
text: The Bad Man unleashes vicious blows to his mouth and temple,
text: then hurries around the car, opens the other back door, leans
text: in and drags him inside by the armpits.
text: The Bad Man now walks back to the opposite side, folds an
text: errant leg in then slams the door shut.
text: Then he gets in.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN CAR. SAME. 59
text: The handbrake is released, the wheels turn, dust and flecks
text: rise in the air.
text: A net curtain is swept wide to see the car drive casually
text: away and out of the street.
text: We are close on the Bad Man's face.
text: We/he hears the sound of a woman's shocked voice, intimate,
text: as if she was in the car with us.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE
dialog: Oh my God...
text: The Bad Man turns his head very suddenly and looks out of the
text: passenger window, crouching to see the upper floor of one of
text: the little houses.
text: He looks directly to where the voice is coming from.
text: There standing at the bedroom window is an OLD WOMAN.
text: She is looking straight at the Bad Man as he drives out of
dialog: the street.
text: As he slows, she lets the curtain close.
text: And through the nets he sees her silhouette as she shakily
text: raises a phone to her ear.
text: He almost stops but instead guns the engine into life and
text: advances in a cloud of exhaust fumes.
scene_heading: INT. HIGHLAND ROADS. DAY. 60
text: Laura storms through the countryside.
text: Green flashes on either side, the road is a gleaming slate
text: cord that stretches out away from her, drawing her in and
dialog: along.
dialog: 67.
text: Then without warning everything slows.
text: The engine dies, the steering stiffens.
text: She looks at her dials. The petrol gauge tells its tale. E
dialog: for the end.
text: She brings the van onto the verge by a lake and lets it roll
text: to a standstill.
text: Puts on the hand brake and gets out. Without missing a beat
text: she sets off at a march.
text: The camera sweeps fast along the road - it is travelling just
text: fifteen feet above the tarmac.
text: We soar over a blind summit and there just on the bend is
text: Laura's van. It's empty.
text: We slow to see inside, no sign of life, other than her gun
text: and phone buzzing on the passenger seat.
text: We resume our plunge through the landscape. Faster and
dialog: faster.
text: Another two miles down the road and we see a figure up ahead,
text: walking fast along the highway. It's Laura.
text: She slows as if sensing that there is something pursuing her.
text: Soon we are right behind her. We can almost see the hairs on
text: the back of her neck rising.
text: She turns suddenly as if ready to confront whatever or
dialog: whoever is there.
dialog: But there is nothing there.
text: Just her standing on the road, alone, in the middle of
dialog: nowhere.
text: We see trembling fear freeze in her face, uncertainty in her
dialog: eyes.
text: Doubt, suspicion, the expectation of doom is locked in her
text: gaze as it searches out to the horizon for the thing that
dialog: must come.
dialog: But it doesn't.
text: She looks at this wild world around her.
text: The bleak moors, the mountains beyond.
text: And the sounds of the wind rushing through this valley seem
text: to harmonize in some rhapsody as if finding clarity within
text: her hearing for the first time.
dialog: 61
dialog: 68.
text: We can see that somehow, in facing her fear, she has found
text: something else instead. A strange sense of acceptance.
text: She stands letting these feelings take root.
text: The wind blusters through her hair and clothes, and we watch,
text: as she lifts and stretches her arms and fingers wide and open
dialog: to feel it.
text: And standing still, it's as if the world falls into her.
text: She closes those beautiful eyes with abandon as if she feels
text: the sensual possibilities of this body for the first time.
text: The wind embraces her.
scene_heading: INT. ROADSIDE CAFE. SHORT WHILE LATER. 61
text: We are in a tiny roadside cafe with views out over hills of
dialog: heather.
text: The place is busy with tourists, back packs at their feet,
text: sipping tea and munching scones.
text: Laura sits on her own at a little tartan-covered table.
text: There is a plate in front of her and on it, a piece of cake.
text: She regards it with trepidation.
text: It's a beautiful object, sculptural and garish. White and
text: fluffy, with cream falling from its centre and a varnished
text: cherry on top.
text: She lifts her fork and cuts into it delicately.
text: Up and up it comes, the distance between the plate and her
text: mouth seems extraordinarily long.
text: It arrives at her lips, which open tentatively as she slowly
text: eases the magical parcel of nectar inside.
text: Then she lowers the fork back to the plate.
text: Now she sits as if her every thought was with this intruder
text: inside her.
text: Her mouth is still as she contemplates her next move.
text: Suddenly her jaw moves and she begins to chew. But so
text: cautiously, like she were defusing a bomb.
text: A moment later she is still again. She decides to swallow.
text: And then shock, at not being able to.
text: She coughs into her hand violently. Laura fumbles for a
text: napkin to catch the mouthful of food and wipes her mouth.
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 69.
text: Heads have turned to see what the commotion is.
text: Through faint breath, Laura waves the attention away as if to
dialog: say ‘I'm fine.’
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (recomposing)
dialog: It just went down the wrong way.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY INN. HIGHLANDS. SHORT WHILE LATER. 62
text: Cut to a roaring fire. A pair of hands enter frame and warm
text: themselves at the glow.
text: Cut wide to see Laura in front of a large open fire ina
dialog: pleasant country inn.
text: There is an atmosphere of convivial early evening chat and
text: sheltering welcome.
text: She warms herself and listens to the sounds of humanity chime
text: its soothing tones in the warmth.
scene_heading: EXT. REMOTE JUNCTION. DAY. 63
text: Laura is walking - walking - walking.
text: She is approaching a junction where A MAN waits at a bus
dialog: stop.
text: He notices her coming, her long legs striding, her shoes not
text: made for walking clattering.
text: We see him avert his gaze like a gentleman as she draws near.
text: He's a drawn pale being, full of thoughts.
text: She marches past without noticing or slowing.
text: When she's about fifteen feet beyond the stop, he turns and
text: calls after her.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN
dialog: The bus'll be along in a minute.
text: Laura looks round surprised by the outburst.
text: She looks at him blankly for a moment.
dialog: He looks away with a demeanor that says 'well that's the
dialog: information, do with it as you will’.
text: Laura considers for a beat longer, then makes her way back
text: towards the bus stop.
dialog: 64
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT. BUS. ROAD TO CAWDOR. SHORT WHILE LATER. 64
text: Laura and the Quiet Man on an empty bus.
text: Laura is sitting right behind the driver staring straight
text: into that black panel that separates him from the passengers.
text: The Quiet Man sits a little further back.
text: He is looking at her, or rather at her face reflected in the
text: dark panel.
text: He can tell she is not absentmindedly staring into mid space
text: but unflinchingly at her own reflection.
text: He feels his breath stop as that face stares at itself,
text: completely absorbed, suspicious and lost.
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER
dialog: Have you no jacket with you?
dialog: Nothing from Laura.
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Up here you need a jacket with you -
dialog: even when there's not a cloud in
dialog: the sky, rain's always a
dialog: possibility.
text: Laura looks out the window now. We see her soften into the
text: hum of the bus as it climbs. The mountains closing in around
dialog: them.
text: The Quiet Man notices Laura's open purse on the seat beside
dialog: her.
text: Her change is slipping out of it, along the worn fabric and
text: onto the floor with every change of gear. She seems oblivious
dialog: to it.
text: The Quiet Man steps across the aisle, gathers the coins
text: without any fuss then lets them stream through his fingers
text: into the purse. He snaps it shut.
text: It's all done in a moment and he places the purse beside her
text: as he turns away.
text: As he sits, Laura speaks.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN
text: On the road to Cawdor.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Is it a busy place?
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN
dialog: No, it’s a quiet place.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Is that where you're headed?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN
dialog: Where are you headed?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN
dialog: Are you okay? Has something
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yes, I’m alright. I think. Where
dialog: would you go?
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN
dialog: How's that?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: If you could go anywhere... where
dialog: would you go?
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN
dialog: Sight seeing do you mean?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yes, that’s it. Sight seeing.
text: The beautiful landscape rolls by outside the rain swept
text: window and we see this man begin to think.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN
dialog: Well there are a million places.
text: That’s no use to her, so she leans slightly forward and
text: repeats the question for the driver, seeking a serious
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: If you could go anywhere... where
dialog: would you go?
text: We glimpse her desperation.
text: As the driver ponders, we see the Quiet Man looking at the
text: back of Laura's head.
text: She's unaware of him now, every fibre of her being listening
text: for an answer from the lump at the wheel.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN
dialog: I’d start with Cawdor Castle.
text: She ignores that answer, so as to conceal its importance to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (to driver with a casual
dialog: but precise tone)
dialog: Then I'd like to go to Cawdor
dialog: Castle please.
text: She returns to staring into the weird black space that hovers
text: in front of her in which everything seems to shudder and
text: sway, everything except her.
scene_heading: EXT. CAWDOR. SHORT WHILE LATER. 65
text: The bus is pulling away from the town bus stop.
text: The Quiet Man and Laura are walking up the high street. Laura
text: has his big coat draped over her shoulders.
dialog: They could as easily be with each other as not. The distance
text: between them is the distance maintained by strangers and he
dialog: holds it.
scene_heading: INT. CAWDOR. SUPERMARKET. SHORT WHILE LATER. 66
text: We are in a vast, white supermarket.
text: Laura shadows the Quiet Man as he navigates his trolley
text: through the aisles.
text: He considers a pre-packed casserole, checking the price twice
text: before replacing it.
text: Laura's face, almost cocooned in his big heavy coat, is
text: bleached out under the glare of the kilowatts, which blast
text: everything with a cleansing intensity.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD TO THE QUIET MAN'S HOUSE. SHORT WHILE LATER. 67
text: Two figures walking.
text: The Quiet Man carries plastic bags. Laura follows in his long
dialog: strides.
text: He trudges up the little path to the door of a concrete
text: council house and finds the keyhole.
text: She follows him inside without ceremony.
dialog: 68
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: INT. THE QUIET MAN'S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. SHORT WHILE LATER £68
text: A little room bathed in half-light from the dense curtains.
text: Laura sits on a low, brown couch under the window; the Quiet
text: Man in an armchair.
text: They are watching a show on television together, dinner on
dialog: their laps.
text: Laura leans over her food, her hand moves here and there,
text: selecting but unsure.
text: The Quiet Man wipes his plate clean with a piece of bread.
text: Laura brings a forkful of meat up to her mouth and inserts it
text: like a child who has just mastered the art of cutlery.
text: Her lips close tight around the delivery.
text: She tries to swallow.
text: Same result as when she tried to eat the cake, sudden tension
text: gripping her face and throat.
text: She sets the fork aside with a rattle and brings her hand to
text: her mouth to suppress a violent choke.
text: The Quiet Man is on his feet and reaching his big hand around
text: to pat her back.
text: She gets up and shuffles towards what must be the bathroom.
text: We see the Quiet Man return to his seat and sit listening.
text: The sounds coming up the hall seem controlled. He sips from a
text: large mug. His eyes return to the television.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: A record revolves on a plastic turntable.
text: We see the Quiet Man on his knees slipping a black disc back
text: into its paper sleeve then stand and return to his armchair.
text: Music fills the room. 'Wild is The Wind' by David Bowie.
text: Laura sits back into the sofa, her eyes gazing into the
dialog: ceiling.
text: The music builds and the space slips incrementally into a
dialog: different attitude.
text: We follow Laura's eyes around the room.
text: To see the old framed photos and ephemera accumulated by an
dialog: ordinary life.
dialog: 69
dialog: 74.
text: Then to the television still on - alive with the image of a
text: tiger prowling through long grass.
text: Her gaze comes to rest on the Quiet Man, his eyes shut, his
text: hand pats the arm of his chair gently in time with the music.
text: He looks happy and tired.
text: Laura joins the moment by mimicking his, her hand now also
text: tap tap-taping on the arm of her chair in time with the
dialog: rhythm.
text: He stirs, looks at her for a moment and there is nothing
text: strange to be seen, everything is completely normal, Laura
text: listening to the music with him.
text: Without a word he stands, picks up the tray and leaves the
dialog: room.
text: The moment he’s out of the room, Laura's hand stops moving.
text: We watch Laura now so still and void with the music swirling
text: around her and we feel the vast distance between her and
dialog: humanity.
text: We hear the sounds of the kitchen things being put away and a
text: tap running.
text: Laura remains still. The music builds the energy in it
text: stepping relentlessly to crescendo.
text: Laura now looks down at her hand in that disassociated way
dialog: she does.
text: She seems somehow to be trying to find a connection to the
dialog: action.
text: Her fingers tap in and around the beat rather than on it
text: now... She is no longer mimicking... There is something
text: happening there at the extremity of her craft... something is
text: seeping in.
text: She looks down at the moving limb as if it’s a curiosity to
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. THE QUIET MAN'S HOUSE. BEDROOM. SHORT WHILE LATER. 69
text: Laura lies in the Quiet Man's bed. Her eyes are set in some
text: mid-point.
text: The Quiet Man sets a dainty cup of tea and saucer on a
text: cardboard box near the bed as if it were the finest delicacy.
text: Laura's eyes read it, then seem to return to the ceiling and
text: a kind of meditative state.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (sense-checking)
dialog: You don’t feel with your brain.
dialog: 70
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN
dialog: No you don't.
text: He angles a bar fire towards her with the toe of his boot,
text: then takes his leave.
text: We slowly drift from Laura's face to the open door, which
text: leads to the front room.
text: The Quiet Man is sitting back in his armchair.
text: He puts a leg up on a stool in a vain attempt to find
dialog: comfort.
text: His head slumps slowly to the side as he falls asleep in the
text: chair like a kind of giant guarding a princess.
text: Slowly the ambience of safety overrides the small house.
text: Nothing moves.
scene_heading: EXT. STREAM. MORNING. 70
text: Undulating hills reaching trees and peaty bog.
text: She is guided by him - led up rocky paths and down slippery
dialog: banks.
text: They reach a fast flowing stream with stepping-stones dotted
text: across its width.
text: A little waterfall a hundred yards away roars. Trees rustle
text: in accord and the sky seems open to the attendant energies.
text: She looks down at the water, judging it, and he in that same
text: moment instinctively without a word gathers her up into his
dialog: arms.
text: She does not waver as he steps out onto the semi-submerged
dialog: stones.
text: He finds his balance and moves with that focused certainty
text: that a man finds when he's in charge of something he cares
dialog: about.
text: She is motionless in his arms. He senses her trust and is
text: emboldened by it.
text: They are almost over to the other side. He stops to look
text: along the river and nods to her to look too.
text: She follows his gesture and can see figures, edging towards
text: the ledge of the waterfall.
text: Screams of exhilaration as a figure rushes over the ledge and
text: plunges.
dialog: 71
dialog: 76.
text: Another figure throws itself into space, giving itself over
dialog: to the affects of gravity and water.
text: Laughter explodes with splashes as more bodies launch into
dialog: space.
text: The Quiet Man moves on without haste or fatigue.
text: At the other side he sees the path is muddy and the long
text: grass wet, so he doesn't set her down but keeps walking with
text: her in his arms.
scene_heading: EXT. CAWDOR CASTLE. SHORT WHILE LATER. 71
text: We are high in a blustering turret.
text: Laura is braced between two granite blocks in the space where
text: once arrows would have been aimed at invaders. Her shirt is
dialog: open.
text: The Quiet Man is nestled beside her. They are kissing.
text: His face is latched onto hers like his life depended on it.
text: This is no longer a set piece.
text: She's risking, exploring.
text: She wants something to happen to her, uncertain what that
dialog: something is.
text: They break out from the kiss slowly.
text: As he breathes her in we see her hand rising slowly up from
dialog: her side.
text: The hand is open and dramatic like that of a gunslinger about
dialog: to draw.
text: Up it comes and suddenly it is there beside his head and then
text: she clutches his head to her.
text: They kiss again.
text: Her fingers move in his hair. Her tongue appears furtively
text: between her lips.
text: The Quiet Man is drawing on her mouth like it's the source of
dialog: life.
text: Then the Quiet Man comes up for air and freezes.
text: He can hear footsteps ascending the stone staircase.
text: He gathers Laura's garments into place as best he can before
text: TWO ELDERLY HIKERS appear in yellow anoraks.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 77.
text: They shuffle off the turret and into the stairwell with an
text: embarrassed nod to the tourists.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN. HIGHLANDS. DAY. 72
text: The wind gathers as the Bad Man walks up a steep incline to
text: the rocky summit of a mountain.
text: He arrives at the highest vantage point and stops.
text: His eyes reach out purposefully over the landscape.
text: He looks intently to the west over the rolling hills that
text: disappear into mists.
text: Then he looks out to the north and broken fields and pockets
text: of water giving way to the ocean and the sky.
text: He turns again to scan the east with its dense woodlands and
text: climbing peaks.
text: Somehow we almost get a sense he is lost.
scene_heading: INT. BROKEN DOWN BARN. NIGHT. 73
text: Laura moves with grace through a derelict barn on farmland.
text: Not leading, as before, but led.
text: She looks into the Quiet Man’s face and he into hers.
text: Then he lays her down in the hay.
text: His body, flushed with life and lust moves over her, finding
text: her form under the clothes.
text: She responds to his hands.
text: He draws her skirt up around her waist. His fingertips move
text: inside the top of her knickers.
text: Then he sweeps the index finger round the rim of the cotton
text: stretching them over her.
text: She wiggles up off her ass allowing them to be drawn, slowly
text: and with calmness and poise, down her long thighs, over her
text: knees, along her calves and around her heels and toes.
text: She is still, except for the rise and fall of her breathing.
text: He looks at her magnificent beauty exposed and offering
dialog: itself.
text: His hands move along her calves and knees and hips and then
text: ascend to her face.
dialog: 78.
text: He holds her head and kisses her with fervor.
text: He moves over her, finding his position to enter.
text: She reaches her hand along his back drawing him close.
text: He bears down, then withdraws shifting his shoulders,
text: realigning.
text: He pushes down again, hesitantly, seeking entry.
text: Again, he shifts and adjusts until slowly he realizes...
dialog: There is no orifice!
dialog: She cannot be penetrated.
text: We see him lost in his thoughts as he tries to grapple with
dialog: the finality of this.
text: He moves lower and eases into a more relaxed embrace, his
text: head now on her shoulder.
text: He nestles there quietly, his eyes full of disturbance but
text: focusing instead on her beauty and the pleasure of her touch.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN
dialog: I can’t hear your heart.
text: He moves his hand to her wrist to feel her pulse. Then shakes
text: his head.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It's like you're dead.
text: He moves his ear to her chest again.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s so weird.
text: He sits up, looks at her and then goes to check her pulse
dialog: again.
text: She gently recoils.
text: She embraces him, deeply and with equal disquiet.
text: She reaches between his legs delicately.
text: We see him respond to her touch. His back tightens and he
text: moves with her gentleness to and fro.
text: She kisses him on his neck.
text: Then he kisses her face.
text: Their tempo gently builds, becoming committed again. Hands
text: sweeping over bodies, mouths locking together.
dialog: 74
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. BROKEN DOWN BARN. MORNING. 74
text: The Quiet Man lies fast asleep in the makeshift bed.
text: Laura is standing and dressing a few feet away.
text: Her manner is flat, unemotional.
text: She looks for all the world like someone dressing to go to
dialog: work.
text: She is distracted now as the man shifts.
text: He murmurs and fidgets, something is disturbing his slumber.
text: She turns to watch him.
text: His face is taught, his eyelids flicker with dreaming.
text: She stands there like a scientist, observing.
text: Now his lips mouth soft words, barely audible, distant.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN
dialog: LLaaauurrraa.
dialog: 
text: Laura doesn’t start or even lean closer but remains still,
text: simply watching and listening.
text: The man is now trembling and with sweat beaded on his brow.
text: His chest rises and falls with unseen exertions in dreamland.
text: And he is mumbling again.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Laaauurraaa... Laaauuurrrraaaaaa..
text: His voice although muffled, is anxious, calling out to her
text: urgently from the other side of sleep.
text: Laura leans slowly forwards and touches his shoulder.
text: Suddenly he jolts.
text: His eyes open and he gasps a breath as if coming up from icy
dialog: depths.
text: He sees her standing there looking at him.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: My God, what a crazy dream. That
dialog: was so weird and real...
dialog: frightening. I was lying here next
dialog: to you really worried that those
dialog: doors were going to open. Couldn’t
dialog: let my eyes close for fear they
dialog: would.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 75
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I was watching them for ages and
dialog: ages, getting really worried like I
dialog: knew something was going to come
dialog: for me. Then it did. ...Those doors
dialog: opened and I could see a shadow
text: outside, it was moving closer and
text: closer, coming towards me, sort of
dialog: floating, and it stood here by the
text: bed looking down at me. Snarling at
dialog: me. And I was paralysed by it. So I
dialog: called out to you knowing you were
dialog: lying next to me, to wake me. To
dialog: rescue me.
text: He looks up at her through squinting eyes.
text: She waits, letting him gather his senses.
text: Then he smiles a little at his own silliness.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought something terrible was
dialog: going to happen.
text: Laura looks down at him then turns away and finishes getting
dialog: dressed.
text: He looks at her realizing. He sits up on an elbow.
speaker_heading: QUIET MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I’m wondering where to go now.
dialog: Where would you go now? If you
dialog: could go anywhere...
text: We see him focus and his expression changes as he takes in
text: what she is saying.
text: He draws breath about to speak.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND FERRY. HIGHLANDS. MORNING. 75
text: The early morning sun shimmers in the dappled water of a
dialog: loch.
text: A small ferry is making its way steadily across.
text: On the deck, the Bad Man sits on a little bench, a different
text: motorbike parked nearby.
text: It’s just as dark and powerful as the old one.
text: The Bad Man is reading a local newspaper.
text: His expression remains blank as he reads the headline:
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: “TERROR CRIME STRIKES HIGHLAND IDYLL. LOCAL GRANDMOTHER
text: SHAKEN BUT DEFIANT.”
text: We see his eyes fall down the page to a photograph of the
text: little cul-de-sac now cordoned off by police tape.
text: “Man beaten then kidnapped by ruthless assailant.”
text: Below it is a picture of the motorbike he abandoned. The
dialog: caption underneath says:
dialog: “Driven by the kidnapper.”
text: And inset, a picture of the number plate.
text: Now we are looking up in a tight CU of the Bad Man’s face.
text: His eyes scan to the next image of police standing at the
text: edge of a ravine.
dialog: The report here asserts:
text: “Kidnappers body found in the seat of stolen car after death
text: plunge. His victim has not been found.”
text: And then, at the end of a police statement about how:
dialog: “Gang related violence is on the increase.”
dialog: We read the words:
dialog: “No leads.”
text: The Bad Man folds the paper under his arm and looks out over
text: the ice cold water and into the wild Scottish landscape.
text: At the concrete slip on the far shore, people and cars wait
dialog: for the ferry.
text: A bell clangs its imminent arrival.
scene_heading: EXT. SPEEDING TRAIN. SCOTTISH LANDSCAPE. DAY. 76
text: A passenger train speeds through the highlands.
scene_heading: INT. SPEEDING TRAIN. CONTINUOUS. 77
text: Laura is sitting in a window seat on a busy train full of
text: commuters, locals, and holiday-makers.
text: She is looking at human beings.
text: People-watching.
dialog: 78
dialog: 82.
text: A BLACK MAN wearing headphones sitting to her right. His
text: substantial body fits awkwardly in the seat. He is fixed on
text: the portable DVD player in front of him.
text: A YOUNG WOMAN across the aisle reading a fraying book. She
text: rocks her head a little, the effort of reading bothering her.
text: And then opposite, is an OLD MAN sleeping. His chest rising
text: and falling, a blissful smile plays about his lips.
text: Laura catches her own faint reflection in the window,
text: flickering against the speeding landscape outside.
text: Laura is in amongst it.
text: Suddenly not apart from it anymore.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCH. HIGHLANDS. SHORT WHILE LATER. 78
text: We are at the edge of a wide shimmering loch, in a forest and
text: landscape as beautiful as Eden.
text: Laura is looking down at a perfect reflection of herself. It
text: looks back at her.
text: We see the water busy with ticks, and below the surface,
text: parasites teem in the billions.
text: She reaches her foot down to the reflection.
text: The toes enter the water.
text: The image tremors, then disrupts.
text: The foot swings, swirling the water.
text: Goose-bumps rise as it enters.
text: Light glistens on the skin like liquid silver.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Laura swimming in the ink black water.
text: She strokes forward breathless and rigid against the icy
text: embrace of the loch.
text: We cut to her now sitting naked amidst the rocks.
text: Pale as a cadaver she gathers her knees up into her for heat.
text: The wind sings in the trees and around Laura's ears and
text: somewhere high above a plane hums.
text: Her eyes search for it and see it slip into cloud on its way
dialog: to foreign shores.
dialog: 79
dialog: 83.
text: She shivers, her teeth chattering uncontrollably beneath blue
dialog: lips.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCH. HIGHLANDS. DAY. 79
text: We descend towards the sleeping, now dressed, figure of
dialog: Laura.
text: Fetal, swathed in gently blowing reeds, like a newborn in the
dialog: bosom of this wilderness.
text: We drift down until we are close to her.
text: Her eyes are shut now, in a way we have never seen them shut
dialog: before.
text: Her face is still, in true repose.
text: She is fast asleep. Or switched off. It's impossible to know
dialog: which.
text: Five or six little ANTS are moving on her face.
text: The busy creatures hurry in their searching rhythms over her
text: cheeks and across her forehead and neck.
text: She doesn’t stir.
text: The water laps on the shore, the wind eases through the high
text: leaves. Tranquillity rules.
text: Then her expression begins to change.
text: She appears troubled. Like she's wrestling with thoughts,
dialog: maybe a bad dream?
text: Now she's trying to rouse herself, to force her eyes open.
text: Then she wakes, and in a feverish split second looks about
text: herself confusedly.
text: She looks down at the hem of her dress, and sees a dirty,
text: green, male forearm extending in.
text: She starts bolt upright.
text: The arm remains.
text: She stares at the owner of the arm.
text: It is A MAN in a green boiler suit looking at her impassive
dialog: and possessed.
text: She kicks out wildly, jolts to her feet, turns and flees.
text: She moves as fast as she can on the soft sands of the loch.
dialog: 84.
text: Suddenly a trudging sound accelerates behind her but she is
text: off the sandy ground now. Her feet carrying her more swiftly
dialog: into cover.
text: Now abruptly she wheels round expecting the thing clasping at
text: her to be this man but she is snagged on a thorn bush.
text: As she fumbles to free herself, she hears the muddied
text: footfalls of the man advancing through bracken in pursuit.
text: She gets more entangled.
text: It's as if the thorn bush were pecking at her.
text: She twists to get free then ducks down into cover.
text: She is still.
text: Off in the undergrowth, more uncertain sounds.
text: Then a precise stepping sound nearby.
text: The crushing of twig, the swish of briars pushed aside.
text: He is close now.
text: She stares through the dense bushes.
text: A broken form amidst the camouflage of a million leaves.
text: The shape of him gathers and is almost complete, then
text: vanishes.
text: Footsteps off to the left.
text: Suddenly the leaves there shudder.
text: A thrash of a heavy body pushes through, footsteps
text: quickening.
text: Laura edges out from her hiding place onto open ground. She
text: starts running again out onto a path.
text: Suddenly up ahead at the turn in the lane - a shape.
dialog: A truck! Someone is working here!
text: She makes a b-line for it, deciphering the logging truck's
text: long angular crane and claw full of logs swaying in the air
text: above it.
text: This is her lifeline - she charges towards it.
text: She arrives and goes towards the cab door, trying the handle.
text: It opens.
text: She steps up onto its running board and looks in. No keys.
dialog: 85.
text: She clambers up into the interior scrabbling for keys, for a
dialog: phone, for something.
text: Nothing, nothing. Panic takes her.
text: She leans on the horn, looking off into the woods for the
text: workmen who operate the huge claw and who must be nearby.
text: The horn drones with urgency, she puts all her weight on it.
dialog: She knows the sound will bring salvation and drive the beast
dialog: away.
text: Her eyes scan the woods on either side longing for signs of
text: life - a sudden friendly face to appear in alarm but instead
text: up ahead a figure slowly steps out onto the road.
text: Suddenly she crouches down behind the wheel.
text: The figure is walking down the lane towards here without
text: haste, like someone who has nothing particular to do.
dialog: It's him.
dialog: And of course this is his truck. He's the Woodsman.
text: She throws herself from the cab and runs. Behind her, heavy
text: footsteps pound just out of sight.
text: Then, just over her shoulder, two arms flail through branches
text: just a few feet away. She leans into her run searching for
dialog: space to burst into.
text: The forest re-absorbs them. But then the big grabbing hand
text: looms into view again.
text: Suddenly there it is on her shoulder. He throws her to the
dialog: ground.
text: They tumble through mud. She tries to get away but he pulls
text: her back. Gets on top of her, pins her down.
text: Above her on all fours, he tears at her dress and bra. A
text: flurry of grabbing. He reaches down into his pants. She
text: lashes into his eye.
text: He returns with a vicious swipe. Hard sweeping movement from
text: his elbows contain her struggling. His crazed eyes force down
text: into his prey.
text: The sound of more clothes being torn. The tone of the fraying
text: changes. Long intrusive reaching.
speaker_heading: WOODSMAN
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: I need a hole, I need a hole...
dialog: 86.
text: He pulls hard on giving fabric. A low sound like a sealed
text: vacuum wrenched open. Then a gasping like escaping gas.
text: Suddenly he stops.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (blank, emotionless)
dialog: Am I still dreaming?
text: We hear him stand. Jiggle his trousers up.
text: He turns, like a drunk half-snapping out of a stupor.
text: Then he reappears staring, open-mouthed.
text: His trousers still at half-mast, his obscene cock shameless
text: in the chilly mountain air.
text: He's staring right through us, scared at whatever's behind
dialog: us.
text: We spin around to find Laura standing up facing us/him.
text: It's the BLACK SHADOW FIGURE inside Laura exposed through
text: “her” torn flesh.
dialog: The alien.
text: Which clutches Laura's skin as if protecting its modesty.
text: It struggles, like it's carrying too much washing.
text: Tight on the alien “eye”
text: The Woodsman is reflected, frozen, in its lens.
text: Tight on the Woodsman's wide, horrified eye.
text: The alien is reflected in his lens.
text: He turns and runs.
text: Laura hobbles off gathering herself to herself.
text: She reels from the effort of moving this disconnected body,
text: which slips from her with every step.
text: She rests on a fallen tree, looking at her human skin.
text: She is holding her torn neck and much of her face between her
dialog: hands.
text: The beautiful, gentle face looks up at the black alien head
text: looking down.
text: Hunched over her “self”, in an extraordinary separation.
dialog: 80
dialog: 87.
text: The inside looking at the outside, the outside looking at the
dialog: inside.
text: Bewildered footsteps, and the Woodsman staggers back into the
dialog: scene.
text: In one hand he shakily points his phone at her - videoing
text: her! In the other, a jerry can.
text: She tries to gather her exhausted selves together, suddenly
text: realizing his intent.
text: She juggles the elements of the once perfect body as best she
text: can, and tries to flee, but it's too late.
text: He puts his phone in his pocket and with both hands clatters
text: a tin above her head and pours as she staggers, trying to
text: move away from the petrol flowing over her.
text: He wrestles his lighter to strike.
text: We race with flames as they leap through grass. Then speed
text: away from them, to find Laura's stumbling heels.
text: They slip as the flame gains on them, flaring around her
dialog: ankles.
text: Then in a beat, the blaze flares up onto her body.
text: It swarms all about. She's engulfed. Unable to run, the wet
text: soil slipping under her.
text: In a moment Laura seems to blast and flare and burst in an
text: inferno of exploding gas and toxic, blazing phosphorous.
text: The mass of flames crumple to the ground, then turn rolling
text: down into a ditch until it rests by the base of a tree.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD. SAME. 80
text: We move fast over blurring tarmac.
text: The Bad Man powers ruthlessly forwards on his motorbike.
text: Just as we saw him at the start of the film as he raced to
text: recover her predecessor, the Fire Woman.
text: The bike roars as he pushes his wrists hard over the
text: accelerators and the road dips under him.
text: He lashes through gears and the bike feels the road again.
text: We are tight on the back-end now as a corner looms. He begins
text: leaning into it.
text: Tendrils of hedgerow whip over his helmet.
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 88.
text: The edge of the tire plumes with a little smoke as the weight
text: adjusts on the apex of the bend.
text: Then more speed and vibration.
text: Mechanical adrenalin.
text: We are up ahead of the machine now looking back.
text: See the undulating road and how the vehicle clings to it
dialog: perfectly.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROADS. SHORT WHILE LATER. 81
text: The Bad Man powers on up the gradient, the pulse throwing the
text: bike across frame and sucking the air out of the space
dialog: behind.
text: As the visibility becomes less, he slows.
text: He takes stock, then pulls off the road, stops and dismounts.
text: In the distance, on the next mountain, he can see the faint
text: halo of a fire.
text: He looks at it pondering.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCH CROMLECH. SHORT WHILE LATER. 82
text: The Bad Man walks through the dense heather.
text: A short distance away smoke rises from a tree, blackened and
text: still burning.
text: He stops to study footprints, her footprints that weave in
dialog: the mud.
text: Tracing them backwards, he sees that they set off from the
text: lake-side, so he walks towards them.
text: He sees the footprints meander aimlessly at the waters edge.
text: He finds the place where she slept in the reeds.
text: He crouches to see her form impressed in that swaddling nest.
text: He moves on, following the prints.
text: Longer strides now, and there joining them, heavy prints in
dialog: their wake.
text: He follows them until the ground is churned and the little
text: footprints disappear into shrub.
text: He looks towards the burnt tree, spitting with red embers,
text: and walks over to it.
dialog: 83
dialog: 89.
text: He focuses on a large dark patch at its base, and notices
text: tangible signs.
text: A heel from Laura's shoe.
text: The delicate mound that could be an elbow or ankle.
text: He sees her charred belt buckle.
text: And a melted button.
text: He exhumes them and puts them in his pocket.
text: He moves to a section of her charcoal hand.
text: Finds the smoke-coated wedding ring on the brittle finger and
text: snaps it off.
text: Conceals it in the same pocket.
text: He surveys the Pompeii-ish remains.
text: At the edge of the blackened circle lies the husk of her
text: petrified face, fractured by the fury of fire.
text: He applies his heel to it matter-of-factly.
text: The black crust snaps underfoot throwing grey powder into the
dialog: air.
text: He grinds the evidence into nothingness with his boot,
text: nonchalantly.
text: Like he's putting out a cigarette.
text: All that's left is a black, formless blot on the earth and a
text: ghostly plume of dust.
text: He turns now towards the muddy oily sludge at the edge of the
text: black ash, focusing on the woodsman's vehicle tracks.
text: His gaze traces them to the lane and on towards heavy tire
text: tracks that churn off into the distance.
text: His dead gaze reaches out after them.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST. DAY. 83
text: We are approaching the front of the logging truck at pace.
text: We are on the door looking up at the handle.
text: With ominous and unhurried deliberateness a hand reaches up
text: to open the door.
text: Shockingly, the hand holds a large and distinctive KNIFE and
text: the hand rests on the handle there as if timing its entrance.
dialog: 84
dialog: 90.
text: Then we see pressure applied by the fingertips and the handle
text: clicks, the door swings wide and we cut wide to see the Bad
text: Man rising up and into the cab.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED COUNTRY ROAD. DUSK. 84
text: The Bad Man is arriving at Laura's van.
text: It's exactly on the verge next to where she left it.
text: He stops the bike at the van’s back doors and steps off.
text: He opens them, then he lowers a small ramp from inside before
text: steering the bike into it.
text: He fastens the straps then he closes the doors.
text: Then he reaches into a pocket and fishes out a phone.
text: We see immediately it's the Woodsman's phone.
text: On it of course, the only remaining image of ‘Laura’.
text: Arriving close to the edge of the water he draws back and
text: launches it into a long arching throw that ends in a splosh!
text: The phone disappears into the
text: And as we hear him climb into
dialog: off, our focus remains on the
dialog: time, the water is completely
dialog: And it's as if nothing at all
speaker_heading: END
text: darkness of the waters.
dialog: his van, start it up and drive
text: ripples melting away, until in
dialog: still again.
dialog: had happened.
dialog: 
