dialog: Under the Silver Lake
dialog: by
dialog: David Robert Mitchell
dialog: Version 7
dialog: 6.29.2016
speaker_heading: Registration Number : 1603341
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. VILLAGE BAKERY - LATE MORNING
text: The front window of the coffee shop is covered in black
text: Sharpie writing. A sweaty, but very cute lesbian in an apron
text: scrubs a wet sponge over the writing. It's not going away.
text: SAM, 33, and trying not to appear so, wipes sweat from his
text: face and neck as he turns toward the bright sun. His hair is
text: uncombed and his clothes don't match in the appropriate ways.
text: He stands in a long line, waiting for coffee, behind beautiful
text: hipsters and a few old people - all in various stages of
text: perspiration.
text: "Never My Love" by the Association plays over the house
text: speakers. No one sings along.
text: Sam glances over at the front window, looking at the backwards
text: and inverted text across the glass. Poor penmanship, even for
dialog: graffiti. It says:
scene_heading: BEWARE THE DOG KILLER
text: The room is filled with chatter - potentially exciting but
text: probably inane talk of movies, music, art and crime. It's
dialog: impossible for us to decipher under the music.
text: Sam stares at one of the shop's many attractive, tattooed
text: bakery girls as she smiles to another customer. He glances
text: over and spies two other bakery girls in a private
text: conversation near the espresso machine.
text: Chatter. Chatter. Chatter. Chatter. Chatter. Chatter
text: So many unknowable things wrapped in beauty.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS FELIZ BOULEVARD - LATE MORNING
text: Sam sips his coffee and walks casually down the sidewalk
text: passing sad kittens in a pet shop window.
text: A street fruit vendor watches Sam from behind his glass fruit
text: case - oddly suspicious and grim.
text: Sam stops and looks up at a giant billboard across the street.
text: On it, a beautiful young Indian woman smiles - staring outward
text: through sparkling eyes.
text: A contact lens logo stretches below her face. The ad reads:
dialog: I Can See Clearly Now
text: Sam sighs and shakes his head, moving on.
scene_heading: EXT. RANCHO LOS FELIZ APARTMENTS - LATE MORNING
text: Sam walks alone, carrying his iced latte and LA Weekly through
text: the lush garden paths of his modest apartment complex.
text: We see his POV as he steps along a concrete trail surrounded
text: by carefully manicured shrubs, giant trees and a man-made
text: stream which flows alongside the walkway.
text: Sam passes a blue vested worker cleaning leaves from the pond
text: in a somnolent state. The man stares, as if in a heat-trance.
text: Turning a corner, Sam takes a sip of coffee through the straw
text: He hears a terrible rattle in the tree above him. Sam looks
text: up as the branches shake.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ah!
text: Suddenly something with mass falls from the tree.
speaker_heading: THUD!
text: A squirrel lands hard across the concrete walkway - on all
text: four paws - right before him.
text: Sam steps back, his breath leaving him for a second. The
text: momentary primal fear of seeing flesh impact with stone.
text: The animal looks at Sam then darts away into the bushes.
text: Sam smiles for a second, feeling stupid about displaying shock
text: publicly, especially over a squirrel. Looking around, there
text: are no obvious witnesses.
dialog: But there are so many apartments... so many windows... so many
text: balconies.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (laughing to himself)
dialog: Is that squirrel even ok?
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT HALLWAY - LATE MORNING
text: Sam reaches for his keys as he steps up to the door. There's a
text: note taped below his apartment number. He pulls it down and
text: reads it covertly.
dialog: It says:
dialog: "Your Rent is Seriously Overdue. You have 7 Days to PAY or be
dialog: EVICTED."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Fuck. Fuck. Fuck you.
text: Sam crumples the paper in hand, fumbling to unlock the door
text: Hitting it open, he bangs his shoulder into the wood - the way
text: some people punch walls.
scene_heading: Ext. Sam'S APARTMENT balcony - late MORNING
text: Sam sits on a patio chair smoking a cigarette and finishing
text: his latte. A pair of binoculars hang from his neck.
text: Smoke drifts through the sliding screen door - a dim apartment
text: within. The cartoon thermometer suction-cupped to the glass
dialog: reads: 94 Degrees.
text: This little patio enclave is hidden by railing, low hanging
text: branches and thick shrubbery. It offers wonderful views of the
text: surrounding apartments and the community pool below.
text: Sam looks at the cover of the LA Weekly. It features a studio
text: photo of some local indie band. The headline reads:
dialog: East LA Resurrected... or Never Dead?
dialog: Who are Jesus and the Brides of Dracula?
text: According to the pic, Jesus is an emaciated hipster. His
text: brides are gorgeous but unique women in 1920's hand-stitched
dialog: gowns.
text: An unseen bird CAWS loudly.
text: Sam lifts and focuses his binoculars through the green foliage
text: of the neighboring balconies.
text: A beautiful middle-aged woman walks topless along her third
text: story patio. She feeds her caged birds as she struts toa
text: tinny-sounding jazz tune.
text: Sam’s cell phone rings. Peeking through the binoculars, he
dialog: answers.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hi mom.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Hi honey. How are you?
text: The half-naked bird woman pets her parrot lovingly. Sam
text: cradles his cell phone against his ear - watching.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm ok.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Good. Good. Are you at work?
text: The bird woman scratches her ass - unaware that she's being
dialog: checked out.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah. It's kind of a busy day.
text: Sam rubs the stubble on his face - his eyes are tired.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Ok. Well I don't wanna keep you but I
dialog: hadn't heard from you in a bit...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm fine, mom.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Ok. I'm glad to hear that.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah things are...
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Oh, I wanted to tell you... Seventh
text: Heaven is playing on TCM tonight.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Mom, I don't have cable.
text: The topless woman walks inside - half visible through a shaded
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Oh shoot, that's too bad. It's a great
dialog: Janet Gaynor movie from 1927.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: She's your favorite right?
text: Sam lowers his binoculars and takes another drag.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Janet Gaynor? Yes, since I was a
dialog: little girl. I've always admired her
dialog: So talented and beautiful.
text: Sam sighs staring out at the empty balconies and windows.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 4 CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well I should get back to work.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Ok. I'm giving you a big hug over the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thanks. I love you.
text: The parrot caws again - something resembling words.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: I love you. Have a good week.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Bye.
text: Sam coughs and drops his cigarette into a cloudy yellow Evian
dialog: bottle.
text: Reflections of music draw near...
text: Common, but catchy indie-rock music approaches... growing
text: louder and louder.
text: A voice echoes through the surrounding courtyard. A tiny bell
text: rings.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: Coca-Cola! Come on, you little soda
dialog: pop. It's swimming time.
text: Sam leans forward and looks down through the trees. He sees a
text: young woman in a bikini, SARAH, walking along the garden path -
text: a portable sound system in hand.
text: The music is louder and clearer now. It's the latest hit song
text: "Tongue & Teeth" by the indie-rock band Jesus and the Brides
dialog: of Dracula.
text: Holding the gate open, Sarah waits as her little dog, COCA-
text: COLA, follows her inside. A small bell on its collar rings and
text: dings as it scampers along the hot concrete.
text: Sarah's face is half covered by a white and frilly Easter-
text: style hat. Colored straw and soft pink ribbons.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
text: The white, toy-like Bichon Frise barks and runs in circles
text: around the woman's legs. She smiles and nods at the animal,
text: finding a place for herself in the sun near the pool.
text: Sam looks through his binoculars at the girl as she removes
text: her hat.
text: Big stoned eyes.
text: Light freckled cheeks.
text: White skin on a California body.
text: She looks like a mid-western Monica Vitti with a hint of
text: Sharon Tate. A sex that induces an almost guttural reaction in
text: any man or woman within proximity. But the girl seems unaware
dialog: of her power.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (in a girlish voice)
dialog: Coca-Cola. I knowww. You liiiike the
dialog: sun. Gooooood boy.
text: Sam watches her coddling the animal... stretching her long
text: body across a lounge chair in the sun.
text: He leans closer, peeping over the rim of the balcony - a
text: gentle grin forming on his face.
text: The song's chorus repeats loudly from the portable speaker:
dialog: You and I...
dialog: turning like teeth...
dialog: loving beneath...
text: the surface.
text: A neighboring balcony door slides open with a bang -
text: reverberating over the pool courtyard. Sam sees the topless
text: bird woman emerge from her apartment. A scowl on her face.
scene_heading: TOPLESS BIRD WOMAN
dialog: Can you please turn that down?!
text: Sarah nods, leans over and acts like she's turning the stereo
text: down - twisting her hand inches from the volume knob.
text: The song remains at its irritating volume.
text: Sarah looks up towards the topless woman's balcony and shrugs
text: her shoulders with a grin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5)
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That's as quiet as it gets!
scene_heading: TOPLESS BIRD WOMAN
dialog: Oh thanks a lot!
text: The topless bird woman shakes her head, waves her hand in
text: disgust and slams her sliding patio door closed. The bikini
text: girl laughs and giggles as she stands, lifting her toy dog
text: into the air - bell rattling.
text: The caged bird shouts once more. Some unrecognizable words.
text: Sarah smiles and bobs her shoulders to the beat - staring into
text: her dog's eyes.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You looooove this song don't you?!
text: As she sways, Sam aims his binoculars at the young woman's
dialog: ass.
text: Bang! Bang! Bang! Someone pounds on Sam's front door
text: Sarah hears it, turns her head and looks straight into Sam’s
text: viewfinder.
text: Sam lowers the binoculars and scoots back from the balcony’s
text: edge - out of view.
text: Mouth slightly agape, Sarah stares up through the over-growth,
text: turning her head and squinting for another glimpse of the
text: phantom face and lens.
text: Sam crawls inside his apartment, staying low to the carpet.
text: Bang! Bang! The mystery visitor continues to pound on Sam's
text: front door.
text: From a stooped position on the floor, Sam pulls the blinds
dialog: closed.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Sam opens the front door...
text: Standing in the hallway is a pockmarked brunette in a German
text: dirndl. The ACTRESS holds a bag of carry-out over her
text: otherwise exposed cleavage.
text: The thirty-something actress is pretty from the right angle -
text: the physical traits of someone who's had a brief bout with
text: meth addiction. Something is just a bit off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Hi.
text: Sam makes a puzzled face - trying to figure out why the
text: actress is wearing a German servant-girl outfit.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Good to see you. Uh...
text: The actress points down at her dress. She stands awkwardly -
text: body gangly - terrible posture.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: It's for a role...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ah ok. Come on in.
text: Sam lets the young woman into his living room, closing the
text: door behind her.
text: Old wallpaper covers the walls... lined with movie posters,
text: pop culture paraphernalia, and 30-something-male crap.
text: We can still hear the rock song from outside.
text: The girl spins around and faces Sam with an overly excited
text: grin. The imperfections on her skin are more visible against
dialog: the sunlight.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: So... weirdly, I have an audition
dialog: around the corner... and thought you
dialog: might wanna have lunch together. You
dialog: like sushi, right?
text: The actress lifts up a large bag of restaurant food.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah. Wow. Thank you.
text: The actress lowers her smile, sniffing the air.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: What's that smell?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh... there's a lotta skunks around
text: here. In the woods by the golf course.
text: Sam points toward the side of the building.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: They're always spraying. Not much you
dialog: can do about it.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Eckkh.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - LATE MORNING
text: Sam fucks the actress doggy-style on the bed. He slaps her ass
text: as hard as he can, keeping an eye on the bedroom television.
text: He's watching the Wimbledon Finals. A women's match between an
dialog: Eastern European and some Swedish model.
text: Hitting her stride, the actress grunts louder and with more
text: force than the tennis queens on tv.
text: A framed and signed poster of Kurt Cobain hangs over Sam's
text: bed. It's the famous black and white close up from his Rolling
dialog: Stone cover.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: I love your poster.
text: Still grinding her ass against Sam, the actress stares up at
dialog: Kurt Cobain.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thanks. I actually saw them in
dialog: concert. Believe it or not. I'm one of
dialog: the few.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Wow. Is that signed?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Uh, recently, actually... I know a
dialog: girl who knows his daughter. It's her
dialog: signature.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: That's still really cool.
text: Sam leans forward and grabs the actress' jaw in his hand,
text: twisting her face towards his. They kiss and make-out on the
text: bed. Connected like insects.
text: Suddenly, the tennis match is interrupted by a news break... a
text: stylish woman stands with her microphone below some enormous
text: gated mansion in the hills of Los Angeles.
text: The graphic chyron below her reads: "Billionaire Mogul
dialog: Missing!"
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: 6 CONTINUED:
text: Sam watches the television.
speaker_heading: BOTOX REPORTER
dialog: (on tv)
text: Reporting live from outside the
dialog: Hollywood estate of billionaire mogul
dialog: Jefferson Sevence... we have
dialog: confirmation that Sevence has
text: apparently gone missing after a late
dialog: night fishing trip off the coast of
dialog: Catalina Island. Witnesses claim to
dialog: have seen him returning to the main
text: land, and his car, a 1935 Deusenberg,
dialog: has yet to be located.
text: The actress turns her head and looks back at the tv, still
text: taking it from Sam.
text: A picture of JEFFERSON SEVENCE appears on screen. He's an
text: older man, though handsome, and with still blond hair.
text: The television cuts to a shot of MRS. SEVENCE, a thirty-
dialog: something woman more than suitable for providing progeny and
text: affection to a wealthy man.
scene_heading: MRS. SEVENCE
dialog: (on tv)
dialog: Jeff, I love you, your family loves
dialog: you...
text: Standing behind the woman are the Sevence's FIVE CHILDREN,
text: ranging in age between 8 and 24. The oldest daughter,
text: MILLICENT SEVENCE, stares ahead coldly - covered in piercings
text: and giant yellow sunglasses.
text: THE SEVENCE KIDS CHOIR
dialog: (on tv)
dialog: We love you dad.
text: Mrs. Sevence breaks down and begins to cry. Her teenage SON
text: steps forward, putting his arm around her shoulder. His own
text: face shakes and contorts as he weeps.
scene_heading: MRS. SEVENCE
dialog: (on tv)
dialog: I know we're gonna see you again soon.
dialog: I know you're alive. I feel it.
text: We watch the tv and the fucking from the periphery of Sam's
dialog: room.
text: Porn, Playboys, notebooks, "Lady from Shanghai" lobby cards
text: and bags of Doritos litter Sam's dresser
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: A 70's OUI magazine sits on his guitar amp - the cover model's
text: bush hidden beneath an old can of spray paint. Red circle
text: marks dot the cover like coasters under cups of cranberry
dialog: juice.
scene_heading: MRS. SEVENCE
dialog: (on tv)
dialog: We're offering a 2 million dollar
dialog: reward for any information that helps
dialog: us find my husband. I beg you for your
dialog: help. Please bring daddy home.
text: The woman covers her face - weeping uncontrollably.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - LATE MORNING
text: Sam and the actress lay naked in bed next to each other,
dialog: cooling off.
text: The neighbor's parrot shouts loudly.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: What is that?
text: The actress fans herself, blowing cool air onto her chest and
text: neck. She's still in her German dirndl tights.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: It's the neighbor's parrot.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: What's it saying?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm not sure.
text: They listen to the parrot as it continues to caw and shout.
speaker_heading: PARROT
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: Rrrottafendnnnddddd!
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Not a friend?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Maybe. It's hard to say.
text: The actress shrugs as she grabs an old 1970's Playboy from the
text: stack of magazines next to the bed. She flips through it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: 7 CONTINUED:
text: The artsy cover shows a naked woman floating upside down
text: through the bluest of water.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's my favorite issue.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Why this one?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I found it in my dad's tool drawer in
dialog: the garage when I was really young.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Oh. Did you steal it?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah. The cover with the girl. That
dialog: was the first thing I ever masturbated
dialog: to.
text: The actress laughs, spinning the magazine around to examine
text: the submerged playmate on the front cover.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: She's pretty.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: The first thing I ever masturbated to
dialog: was probably a rerun of Charles in
dialog: Charge.
text: Sam chuckles. A big grin. The actress laughs along with him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's awesome.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Yeah.
text: The actress looks over and sees some papers, previously
text: covered by the pornography. She grabs the handwritten sheets
text: and stares at the complicated lines of text and numbers.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: What is this?
text: Sam grabs the papers from her... very embarrassed to share it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh don't look at that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Eh - it's nothing.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Ok.
text: Sam stuffs the papers underneath an old Playboy from the
text: 1980's. He stands and puts on his underwear.
text: Rock music is heard. Sam peeks outside through the cheap white
text: blinds. Looking for the source.
text: He sees Sarah walking away down the garden path with her dog -
text: her stereo blasting. A trail of wet footsteps behind her
text: The bird shouts again.
speaker_heading: PARROT
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: Rrrobbefennntdmm!
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Rotterdam?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I don't think so.
text: Sam keeps peeping through the blinds, ignoring the naked
text: actress behind him. She doesn't notice or care as she
text: reapplies her lipstick - using the video screen of her "iPhone
dialog: 4" like a mirror compact.
text: Sarah unlocks her apartment door and goes inside. Sam watches
text: as the little poodle dog follows her in.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: What are you looking at?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That damn bird.
text: The door closes as the parrot cackles and yells the same
text: unknowable phrase once more.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S FORD MUSTANG - DAY
text: Sam drives his black Mustang down Sunset Boulevard. He passes
dialog: Sunset Junction.
text: The shops. The restaurants. The beautiful and blessed people
dialog: of the neighborhood.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET HEADQUARTERS COMIC SHOP - DAY
text: Sam browses the aisles of comics. He grabs an issue of Spider
text: Man and adds it to the small stack in his arms.
text: Two nearby patrons chat loudly while looking at some Jimmy
dialog: Corrigan anthologies.
speaker_heading: CUTE ART WOMAN
dialog: Someday I really want to swim with
text: wild dolphins.
speaker_heading: UGLY ART MAN
dialog: I have a friend who does that.
speaker_heading: CUTE ART WOMAN
dialog: Oh you'll have to introduce me.
speaker_heading: UGLY ART MAN
dialog: I will.
text: Sam scans the local press, comics and zines - hanging
text: separately on a rotating wire shelf. He notices one in
dialog: particular.
text: Rough and xeroxed in an underground art style, Sam picks up a
text: small, handmade and hand-drawn zine. Its title is:
dialog: Under the Silver Lake
text: On the cover are several strange drawings. The local
text: Silverlake Junction sign, the Elliott Smith wall, a naked
text: woman in a mask, a man holding a sign, and some tiny text at
text: the bottom of the page.
text: Sam flips through the zine. He sees an article titled:
dialog: Beware the Dog Killer
text: Sam stares at the headline then scans the page. He closes the
text: zine and adds it to his pile.
text: Standing at the register, the CLERK examines Sam's purchases
text: like a curator - nodding approval or staying condescendingly
text: silent. He punches numbers into the register.
text: Lifting up the handmade zine, the clerk grins and stares down
text: at the small text on the cover page.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (reading aloud)
dialog: Only I know the secrets of Silverlake.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: 9 CONTINUED: 9
speaker_heading: CLERK (cont'd)
dialog: In time I will reveal the truth behind
dialog: the mysterious crimes, murders and
dialog: disappearances within this cursed
dialog: community. I have the answers... I
dialog: will reveal all... Under the Silver
dialog: Lake.
text: The clerk laughs and Sam smiles back at him. Politely.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Do you know who writes this?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Yeah. A local guy. Uh, strange, but
dialog: nice.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Does he come in here much?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Sure. I see him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: If I gave you like five bucks, would
dialog: you give him my number and ask him to
dialog: call me?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: I don't know.
text: Sam grabs a pen and writes his name and number down on a comic
dialog: store business card.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Come on. I like his work. I'd like to
dialog: meet him. You're just... passing ona
dialog: number.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (condescending)
dialog: Ok. Sure. But I don't need your five
dialog: dollars.
text: Sam takes the money and puts it back in his wallet.
scene_heading: 10 EXT. RANCHO LOS FELIZ APARTMENTS - NIGHT 10
text: Sam walks down the dark garden path. The night is quiet except
text: for crickets, the trickle of water, and the occasional siren.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 10
text: Sam notices movement. A small skunk walks along the hedges -
text: seeming to trail the young man. Sam stops and waits, watching
text: the tail of the smelly animal move further into the darkness.
text: Turning beyond the shrubs, toward a first level patio, Sam
text: sees the white Bichon Frise from the pool. The dog is tied to
text: the railing, pooping on an open newspaper. Music pours from
text: inside the apartment through the screen door.
text: Sam steps through the grass toward the dog. He pulls a
text: colorful dog biscuit from his pocket and places it on the
dialog: ground.
text: Coca Cola nibbles at the biscuit. Enjoying his treat.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Good dog.
text: The door slides open and Sarah stands before Sam. She's
text: wearing her white bonnet and a casual, but beautiful dress.
text: Black reading glasses sit atop her nose.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hi.
text: Sam leans closer, watching the dog eat. Sarah kneels near her
text: pet and rubs his back.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Wow. Look at that, Coca-Cola. This
dialog: nice man gave you a treat. Can you say
dialog: thank you?
text: The dog just continues to eat - chewing small and fast bites.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: His name's Coca-Cola?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yeah. Dependable as sunshine.
text: Sam doesn't follow, but he plays along, watching Sarah's chest
text: through her low hanging dress.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Was that a coke slogan?
text: Sam rubs the dog's ear. Coca-Cola doesn't look up from his
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: 10 CONTINUED: (2) 10
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: An old one... I think. My great
dialog: grandma used to say it. She was a
dialog: pretty smart lady.
text: Sam just nods along, looking from Sarah's grinning face to her
text: hanging chest - as she leans far forward.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What kind of dog do you have?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: My dog died recently.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thanks.
text: Sarah looks at Sam's eyes. He tries to smile a bit, but it
text: comes off a little sad.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well it's nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah, you too.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Uhh... You wanna come in for a minute?
dialog: Have a drink?
scene_heading: 11 INT. SARAH'S APARTMENT LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 11
text: Sarah hands Sam a cocktail. He stands in the middle of her
text: cluttered living room. Women's things.
text: Sarah falls back and stretches across her recliner. Sam sits
text: next to her on the couch.
text: Sarah giggles to herself. Uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What is it?
text: She shakes her head and smiles. Laughing a bit more.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I saw you spying on me. Earlier
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No I wasn't.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 11
text: She cackles silently - having to turn her head away.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: At the pool. I saw you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about.
text: The girl makes a face - waiting for him to tell the truth.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Fine. You weren't spying, but I saw
dialog: you on your balcony. Will you at least
dialog: admit to that?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sure.
text: Sarah smiles to herself, bunching her legs up on the chair
text: and gulping her drink
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Were you masturbating?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well it's not that strange. I
dialog: masturbate...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Me too. But I wasn't trying to...
text: Sarah seems stuck on the thought. A mixture of odd innocence
text: and naivete. She interrupts...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (simple and sincere)
dialog: Doesn't everybody?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sure. Listen, I'd tell you if I was,
dialog: but I was just... looking. That's it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ok. I believe you.
text: Sarah reaches over and lifts up a large bong from the floor
text: It's a glass ice bong, filled with pink spiral percolators.
text: Top of the line.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) a1
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Wanna get stoned?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Uh, yeah, sure.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 12
text: The pair are fucked up. Stoned and eating snacks on Sarah's
text: white, old-lady, flower-quilted bed.
text: Antique furniture, almost girlish in nature, fills the room.
text: White silk hangs from the tall bed posts.
text: They are watching a scene from "How to Marry a Millionaire" on
text: the little bedroom tv. Marilyn flirts and glows onscreen.
text: Coca Cola lays in the bed next to Sarah.
text: Three collectible Barbie dolls sit on top of the television.
text: They are modeled after Marilyn Monroe, Betty Grable, and
text: Lauren Bacall. A perfect match for the movie playing below
dialog: them.
text: Sam notices a simple silver bracelet around Sarah's wrist. He
text: touches it, moving his fingers over it and onto the back of
text: her hand. He gently caresses her skin.
text: Playful. Flirting.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's pretty. Is it engraved?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yeah. From an old boyfriend.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: An old boyfriend.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yup.
text: Sarah stretches her leg out and turns her ankle in Sam's
text: direction. On it, is a tattoo of a cartoon zebra hang gliding.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What do you think of my tattoo?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Is it real?
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: No. Temporary. From a pack of gum.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: nS
dialog: RUMP stim ane
dialog: 
dialog: 12
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 12
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thank God for temporary.
text: Sarah giggles and smiles as she grabs two saltine crackers in
text: one hand and a glass of orange juice in another
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Okayyyy. Here we go.
text: Sarah puts the crackers in her mouth and immediately takes a
text: big sip of 0J. She chews and swallows it all as she talks.
text: Sam stares at the freckles on her chest.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (with her mouth full)
dialog: I know you think it's gross... but
dialog: this one time when I was sick in grade
dialog: school, I started eating saltines,
dialog: instead of my chicken noodle... then I
dialog: took a sip of oj and... it was
dialog: delicious.
text: Sam holds his grin.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's one of those undiscovered unknown
dialog: combinations that no one should die
text: without trying once.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ok.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Now you gotta try it.
text: Sarah picks up two more saltines and holds them up before
text: Sam's mouth. She leans very close, studying and guiding the
text: the wafers like a jeweler focused on a diamond.
text: Sam moves his head past the crackers and kisses Sarah's parted
dialog: lips.
text: They make out for a moment on the bed.
text: Sam pulls away, and Sarah continues to chew a bit of the
text: cracker in her mouth - staring into Sam's eyes.
text: She smiles and laughs. Just the sound of air through her nose.
text: The front door opens. Voices and shuffling interrupt the game.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 12
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: Sarah, we're home. We brought
dialog: somebody .
text: Sam and Sarah look through the bedroom door to the living
text: room. Sarah's pretty roommates, a 22 year old BLONDE and a 24
text: year old BRUNETTE place new bags of clothes and boxes of shoes
text: all over the floor and couch.
text: Behind the girls is a 40-something man with a large beard, an
text: earring and a brown leather vest. Some bad HIPSTER PIRATE.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ok.
text: Sarah watches as her roommates swarm the space. Noise. She
text: looks around, trying to decide what to do. Sam leans towards
text: her on the bed.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You wanna grab a drink at the bar?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No. I should probably call it a night.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Really? Come on. One drink. I really
dialog: don't feel like going home right now.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Not tonight, ok?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Alright.
text: Sarah climbs off the bed.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Come over tomorrow afternoon. We can
dialog: hang out then.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ok.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S APARTMENT LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 13
text: Walking toward the door, Sam passes Sarah's roommates. They
text: don't pay any attention to him, moving around like bees with
text: their boxes of designer shoes. Not even a smile or a nod.
dialog: They are probably models... or aspiring to be.
text: The pirate dude sits on the couch with his legs crossed -
text: staring the other way. Aloof.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 13
text: A flash of light.
text: Through the patio door, Sam sees fireworks exploding in the
text: sky beyond the rooftops.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Weird. Kinda late in the month for
dialog: fireworks, isn't it?
text: The girls say nothing. Awkward silence. Sam shrugs.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Leftovers, I guess.
text: Sarah seems troubled as she turns away from the fireworks and
text: faces Sam. She tries to grin, but it reads false.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Okayyy. Well goodnight.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Goodnight .
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ok. I'll see you tomorrow.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Good.
text: Sam walks outside as Sarah closes the door
scene_heading: EXT. VESELICH AVENUE - NIGHT 14
text: Sam walks along the lamp-lit sidewalk, passing the houses and
text: decrepit apartments of his east side neighborhood. He spins
text: his key chain in his hand.
text: Sam steps into the street, reaching his car, a late model
text: black Mustang.
text: He stares in shock.
text: The whole side of the car has been keyed. Scratch marks cover
text: it from fender to rear panel.
text: A very large cartoon penis is scratched into the hood. Deep in
dialog: the paint.
text: Enraged, Sam grabs the door handle, but quickly pulls his hand
text: back. Chewed gum sticks to his fingertips, stretching over his
text: palm in elongated wet strands.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Fuck.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
text: Sam wipes the gum onto the concrete and sits there, staring at
text: the scratch marks up and down his car. Overwhelmed.
text: He breathes slowly but deeply.
text: Sam hears a noise. Distant. He looks down the street and sees
text: a few teenage boys crossing by some parked cars - creeping
dialog: suspiciously.
text: Standing up, Sam sneaks closer, using the cover of trees,
text: garbage cans and a parked van. He gets within sight of the
dialog: kids.
dialog: Three boys. Probably thirteen to fifteen years old. Stupid
text: grins on their faces. Keys in hand. One of them has a carton
dialog: of eggs.
text: The boys chuckle as the smallest of the three kids drops his
text: pants and starts to pee on the passenger side door of some old
dialog: BMW.
text: Near silent laughter. Open mouths shaking in vandal's delight.
text: The boy finishes then plays with his fly - zipping up.
text: Sam walks up to the boy casually from the darkness. The kid
text: turns. Sam grabs his t-shirt under the collar and pulls him
text: toward a heavy punch - to the face.
text: The boy grunts - exhaling his pain.
speaker_heading: STUPID BOY #1
dialog: Uhhhh.
speaker_heading: STUPID BOY #2
dialog: What the hell, man?
text: The kid drops the carton onto the grass. Sam grabs an egg from
text: the carton and pushes it into the boys mouth. He chokes and
text: screams as the egg mixes with the blood in his teeth.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You little fuck!
text: One of the boys tries to help, but Sam punches him in the
text: balls. He rolls over onto the grass. Moaning in agony.
text: Small fireworks crackle in the distance.
text: Sam punches the first kid again - blood flies out of his
dialog: mouth.
text: Jumping up, Sam kicks the other boy in the stomach. The kid
text: coughs and rolls in pain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 14
text: Sam turns to head home.
text: All we hear are the footsteps of the third boy as he races
text: down the center of the street.
text: Running away. Running away from Sam.
scene_heading: EXT. SAM'S BALCONY - NIGHT 15
text: Inside, the television is on...
text: A news program highlights the life of missing billionaire
dialog: Jefferson Sevence.
dialog: STILL MISSING!
text: The program shows archival news footage of Sevence performing
text: Evel Knievel style stunts and Howard Hughes-esque exploits.
text: Sam sits alone on his balcony drinking several beers - a six
text: pack resting on the spare patio chair
text: Sweat on his face. A sad look in his eyes.
text: He's reading a page from the local zine "Under the Silver
text: Lake" - holding it delicately with his sticky fingers.
dialog: The headline reads:
dialog: Beware the Dog Killer
text: On the page is a drawing of a hooded man lifting an impaled
text: dog into the air with his bowie knife.
text: We see xeroxed pics of 20's era Edendale, and silent film
text: photographs, as Sam reads quietly to himself.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Silverlake and the east side of Los
dialog: Angeles were originally built around
dialog: the silent film studios. Back then the
dialog: area was known as Edendale. In 1978 a
dialog: Silverlake resident discovered a can
text: of film in his basement. In the movie,
text: a young man holds a note in front of
text: the camera. It reads: "No one will
dialog: ever be happy here until all the dogs
text: are dead". He then shoots himself in
text: the head with a pistol. The man was an
dialog: aspiring actor who saw himself as the
dialog: next Douglas Fairbanks.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 15
speaker_heading: SAM (cont'd)
dialog: He was said to have been jealous of
dialog: animals, specifically citing a deep
dialog: contempt for Teddy the Wonder Dog. He
dialog: resented the dog's success and blamed
text: all dogs for his failed life. The man
dialog: who found the film cannister claims
dialog: that his house was originally used for
dialog: training stunt dogs for early Mack
dialog: Sennett shorts. This author believes
dialog: the suicide of this obscure and failed
dialog: actor might be the origin or impetus
dialog: for the modern day dog killer. Is
dialog: Edendale cursed? For now the answers
text: remain hidden, deep below the
text: surface... Under The Silver Lake.
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK TUNNEL - NIGHT 16
text: Sam walks through a long tunnel. He hears dogs barking ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK ROAD - NIGHT 17
text: Reaching the end of the tunnel, Sam emerges onto a dark and
text: wooded street.
text: More barking - just out of sight in the trees. He steps off
text: the road onto a wooded path.
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK TRAIL - NIGHT 18
text: Sam walks slowly along the tree-lined dirt trail. Moonlit.
text: Dogs continue to bark in the distance. Sam follows their
dialog: sound.
text: He notices a dog biscuit on the ground below his feet. Picking
text: it up, he examines it, twisting it in his fingers. He knows
dialog: this brand.
text: Sam sees another - just ahead.
text: He follows the dark trail of multi-colored dog treats, deeper
text: into the woods.
text: Flies buzz over a small dark mass alongside the path. Sam
text: stops and looks down.
text: Partially covered by leaves, he sees the rib cage and half-
text: buried head of a dog in the dirt. A Bichon Frise.
text: Strange sounds... up ahead.
text: Sam hears the odd noises and walks closer to them - further
text: down the trail.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 18
dialog: The sound of chewing?
text: Entering a clearing, Sam sees the back of a woman - Sarah's
text: dress, white bonnet and slippers.
dialog: Is that Sarah?
text: She's hunched down over a man's body. Eating something.
text: As Sam steps closer, he sees the dead man's face in the
text: moonlight. It's the missing billionaire, Jefferson Sevence.
text: The chewing intensifies. Lips smacking.
text: Sam hears a dog bark behind him. He doesn't look. It barks
dialog: again.
text: The woman turns around and faces him... it's not Sarah.
text: It's an UNKNOWN MAN with blood on his mouth and face. Flesh in
text: his teeth. He stares at Sam, beneath the white bonnet.
text: Curious and innocent like a dog.
text: Jefferson Sevence's body is in two pieces. Clearly severed at
dialog: the waist.
text: The strange man barks. It sounds like the little dog, Coca
text: Cola, yapping.
text: Sam stares as some unseen force pulls the body's two halves in
text: opposite directions. Each dragged across the grass into the
text: woods - as though pulled away by fishing line.
text: Gone in a flash.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - MORNING 19
text: Sam opens his eyes into the bright sun.
text: He's curled up and drooling on the couch. The TV is still on.
text: Beer cans nearby.
text: Sam rolls over and grabs a Spider Man comic from the floor. It
text: sticks to his fingertips. He shakes his hand, but the comic is
dialog: stuck.
text: Sam peels it off, then looks at the chewed gum, still covering
text: parts of his hand.
text: He exhales and shakes his head.
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: EXT. RANCHO LOS FELIZ APARTMENTS - DAY 20
text: Sam walks along the garden path towards Sarah's apartment.
text: He knocks on her front door. No one answers.
text: Sam walks around back and steps onto Sarah's patio. Coca Cola
text: isn't there. The patio chairs are missing. The old newspapers
text: and dog poop are gone.
text: The young man peeks in through the patio door. The blinds are
dialog: open.
text: There's no furniture inside. The apartment is completely
text: empty.
scene_heading: INT. RANCHO LOS FELIZ MANAGER'S OFFICE - DAY 21
text: Inside the glass-walled, log-cabin office, Sam leans against
text: one of the desks.
text: A greasy haired MANAGER with a puckered face, looks up from
text: behind his monitor. His contempt is obvious. He stares at Sam
text: as though he's looking into an unflushed toilet.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: They moved out. How does that not
dialog: makes sense?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Who moves out in the middle of the
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: They wanted to leave. They forfeited
dialog: their deposit, paid the lease. They..
dialog: moved... out. Nothing strange about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I don't know why she wouldn't have
dialog: told me?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: I don't know. Maybe she didn't like
dialog: you. Maybe she knows you're poor and
dialog: you haven't paid your rent. Maybe she
dialog: doesn't want to date a homeless man?
text: Sam says nothing. He stares at the smug manager - anger
dialog: brewing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 21
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Speaking of rent... this isn't
dialog: personal, but I want you to know that
dialog: you'll be forcibly removed if you
dialog: can't pay in the next seven days.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I got it.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Ok. Great.
scene_heading: INT. DRAWING ROOM - DAY 22
text: Sam drinks whiskey in the dark bar. Sunlight occasionally cuts
text: across the shadows, as patrons enter or exit.
text: A heavy man, with a half-bald head, shifts on his stool. Sam's
text: 43-year-old BAR BUDDY gulps his beer and rubs his ear in
text: contemplation.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I couldn't even find her online.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Yeah. It's kinda weird. I don't know.
dialog: What do ya do?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Not sure.
text: Two drunk women, behind tall beers, carry on their own
text: conversation at the bar. We hear pieces of it...
scene_heading: BAR BUDDY OLD DRUNK WOMAN
dialog: Have you heard about these The only thing I hate more
dialog: dog killers? than getting patted on the
text: head is looooove on a schedule.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: There's more than one? YOUNG DRUNK WOMAN
dialog: They always say to me "you're
dialog: BAR BUDDY too pretty to be this nice"
dialog: Who knows. Creeps me out. or "you don't look like you've
dialog: It's one thing to get mugged, had a child." God I just want
dialog: but to have some dude stab to find somebody with a little
dialog: your dog right before your financial security. I can
dialog: eyes... that would traumatize dream, right?
dialog: a person... fuckin' horrible.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Totally.
text: Sam takes a sip from his glass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
text: FOR THOSE WHO ENJOY THE TASTE OF GOOD WHISKEY
dialog: No cover-up here. Seven-Up lets your drink assert its true char-
dialog: acter. You always get a robust man’s drink—as an army of
text: seasoned highball men will attest. Seven-Up mellows whiskey,
dialog: flatters it, rounds out flavor. Caution: don’t stir. Just pour
text: gently; 7-Up stirs itself. Make your next one a 7-Up bighball.
dialog: Copetaht Vat by The Reve Up Compane
dialog: 
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 22
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Maybe she left a clue?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: The girl. If something bad happened,
dialog: there might be... evidence. Blood on
dialog: the carpet. I don't know.
text: Sam shrugs... Sure, evidence. Why not? He takes a big swig of
dialog: whiskey.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR SARAH'S PATIO - DAY 23
text: Sam steps behind some shrubs, locating Sarah's bedroom window.
text: He's sweaty. A bit drunk.
text: He looks back and scans the neighboring balconies. Seems
text: clear. No one's around.
text: The young man slides a screwdriver behind the window screen
text: and pops it out. Quickly, he climbs inside with a thud.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 24
text: Sam twists the blinds closed - covering the open window.
text: He turns and faces the empty room. Dust sits along the carpet
text: edges where furniture once stood.
text: Sam looks down the hallway into the vacant living room. He
text: casually spins back and sees the closed closet door.
text: He walks over and opens it. The clothes and shoes are gone.
text: But at the top of the shelf is a box. Sam pulls it down and
text: looks inside.
text: He sees some music CDs, a dance trophy, three collectible
dialog: Barbie dolls from the "How to Marry a Millionaire" series, an
text: open pack of Fruit Stripes gum, a pink vibrator and a
text: photograph of Sarah. Sam grabs the picture of Sarah smiling in
text: her white hat, and puts it in his pocket.
text: He hears a sound. Keys rattling. The front door begins to
dialog: unlock.
text: Sam puts the box back on the shelf, steps out and closes the
text: closet door. He hears the front door click as it starts to
dialog: open.
text: Thinking fast, Sam climbs back out the bedroom window. He
text: reaches in and settles the shaking blinds.
dialog: 
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR SARAH'S PATIO - CONTINUOUS 25
text: Sam remains there, behind the bushes, peeking into the
text: bedroom. Waiting to see who's arrived.
text: A young woman, TROY, in jean shorts and a Joan Jett and the
text: Blackhearts t-shirt, steps into the bedroom. Her hair is thin
text: and "dirty white". Her face is pretty, but a little masculine.
text: A tomboy, sex-pot and scenester combined.
text: Sam watches the girl open the closet and go inside - a cloth
text: Trader Joe shopping bag in her hand.
text: After a moment, she emerges with the box in her arms.
text: Setting it down in the middle of the empty room, Troy dumps
text: the contents of the box into the bag. She reaches in, grabs a
text: stick of gum and puts it in her mouth.
text: Troy picks up the bag and walks into the hallway.
text: As she leaves, the girl closes the bedroom door - revealing a
text: marking on the wall - previously hidden.
dialog: °c
text: Through the blinds, Sam stares at the strange symbol.
text: Drawn in pink nail polish...
text: Two diamond shapes, joined at the tip...
dialog: °c
text: Sam stares at the symbol for a moment. Clearly puzzled.
text: A storm door closes.
text: Footsteps.
text: Sam ducks and watches Troy cross by, swinging her bag of
text: goodies along the garden path.
scene_heading: EXT. VESELICH AVENUE - DAY 26
text: Trailing the girl from the opposite side of the street, Sam
text: walks slowly, stepping behind trees and parked cars.
text: Troy strolls along the sidewalk.
text: A car pulls up in the intersection before her. It's a 1984
text: Volkswagon Rabbit Wolfsburg convertible.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 26
text: Two other hipster girls are inside. A black haired girl is
text: driving. A freckled redhead in back.
text: Familiar indie-rock pours from the speakers.
text: Troy races up and hops into the passenger seat. The car takes
text: off towards Los Feliz Boulevard.
text: Sam sprints to his car.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S FORD MUSTANG - DAY 27
text: Sam drives along Los Feliz keeping the Rabbit convertible in
text: his sights - just a few cars ahead.
text: He follows the girls, turning left onto Griffith Park
dialog: Boulevard.
text: Sam watches their car slow down and stop in front of John
text: Marshall High School. He pulls over and waits.
text: Troy and her friends sit still - engine running - across from
text: the football field.
text: Some local teens pass by Sam's car. They point and laugh at
text: the penis drawing covering his hood. He ignores them.
text: From his center console, Sam pulls out a pen and an LA County
text: parking ticket. He draws the secret shape on the ticket.
dialog: °c
text: Looking up, Sam notices the girls staring over at the high
text: school scoreboard. Some numbers flash on the visitor's side.
dialog: The number 7... then the number 5... and finally the number 1.
text: Sam writes them on his ticket.
dialog: 751
text: The white rabbit convertible pulls back onto the road and
text: heads towards Rowena. Sam stays in pursuit.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S FORD MUSTANG - DAY 28
text: Traveling down Sunset Boulevard...
text: Sam follows, trailing the car toward Echo Park.
scene_heading: EXT. ECHO PARK LAKE - DUSK 29
text: The sun begins to set over the lake as Sam idles along Echo
dialog: Park Avenue.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 29
text: He watches the girls walk up to the nearby boat house.
text: Leaving his car, Sam follows the threesome.
text: He looks around the boat house and sees a PARK EMPLOYEE
text: helping the girls into two red paddle boats. Troy climbs in
text: with the brunette - the Trader Joe bag over her shoulder
text: They start to pedal away from the dock. The handsome Park
text: Employee eyes them as they float off.
text: Sam hops in his own blue paddle boat and starts to pedal -
text: churning water and gaining momentum. Paddling out, he follows
text: the two red boats from a distance as they round the bend.
text: Swishing water.
dialog: Shwwww. Shwwww. Shwwww.
text: Moving under the bridge, Sam turns the corner into the open
text: water. The lake is calm. The orange sky reflects over the
text: park, mixing with palm trees, flowers and the gentle gaze of
text: the Lady of the Lake statue.
text: The girls stop pedaling. Their boats slow down and begin to
text: simply drift. The redhead waves at her friends in the first
text: boat. They makes faces back at her. A few splashes of water
text: Sam stays still, letting his boat float sideways within the
text: lake. He casually turns and watches the girls.
dialog: Waiting.
text: Troy and her friend start to paddle together once more. Faster
text: than before. Their boat reaches the opposite shore line.
text: Sam watches as a man appears over the hilltop. He runs down
text: over the grass and meets Troy as her paddle boat bumps against
text: the concrete rim of the lake.
text: Sam recognizes the man. It's the middle-aged hipster pirate he
text: saw at Sarah's.
text: Troy passes the cloth bag to the pirate. He takes it and runs
text: back up the hill.
text: He's gone.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Fuck.
text: Sam looks around, and starts to turn his paddle boat toward
dialog: the dock.
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S FORD MUSTANG - EVENING 30
text: A few lengths behind the convertible Rabbit, Sam drives his
text: car down 2nd Street towards the city.
text: Homeless people look up from their shopping carts and
text: cardboard beds as the black Mustang passes by.
text: Sam enters the tunnel under Bunker Hill. He stares ahead - the
text: girls sit calmly together
text: Turning onto 6th Street, the Rabbit drives up in front of the
text: Standard Hotel. Sam trails behind, watching as Troy and her
text: friends hop out - pulling beach towels and pool rafts from the
text: car. The brunette passes the keys off to the SHADY VALET.
text: The redhead pulls her t-shirt off, revealing a bikini top. She
text: swings the shirt over her shoulder and smiles to the brunette.
text: Sam drives closer, watching the three pretty hipsters go into
text: the back door of the hotel. Troy laughs as she blows air into
text: an inner tube - disappearing through the doorway.
text: Pulling into a blue-lined parking space, Sam takes out a
text: handicap-parking permit and hangs it from his mirror.
scene_heading: INT. STANDARD HOTEL ELEVATOR - EVENING 31
text: Sam rides up alone. The elevator doors open. Live music pours
text: in from the rooftop patio.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN STANDARD ROOFTOP BAR - EVENING 32
text: Standing before Sam is a leggy woman in a bikini and black top
text: hat. Her extended leg in the doorway forces Sam to face her -
dialog: although he would have done so regardless.
scene_heading: BIKINI TOP HAT GIRL
dialog: Welcome to purgatory.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Uh... good to be here. I needed some
dialog: time to think about things.
text: The bikini girl smiles. She pulls a small sewing needle from a
text: plush, cherry-shaped, pin cushion and presents it to Sam.
scene_heading: BIKINI TOP HAT GIRL
dialog: Use it wisely.
text: Sam smirks and slides the pin through the pocket of his shirt
text: as he walks on.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 32
text: He passes an identical girl, performing an identical greeting
text: to a small crowd exiting the adjacent elevator.
text: A POET dressed like a 1940's housewife marches by, stepping
text: across the furniture and tables while reading poetry against
text: the loud music. She tears little pieces of paper from her
text: page and drops them to the ground like rose petals.
scene_heading: HOUSEWIFE POET
dialog: All these... holy trinities of
dialog: women... thriving like plants... under
dialog: the heat... of the city's male
dialog: gaze....three three three... three
dialog: three three... three three three...
text: Sam scans the area for Troy and the girls. He sees them
text: sitting down on a big couch near the stage. A live band is
text: playing before a crowd.
text: Stepping closer, Sam sees the understated singer and his
dialog: gorgeous female band. It's Jesus and the Brides of Dracula -
text: made clear by the accompanying signage and drum logo.
text: The THREE BRIDES are all in white 1920's gowns with pale skin
text: and sad eyes. JESUS is in old blue jeans - bare chested with a
text: cross around his neck.
text: Sam moves closer as the band kicks into a prolonged music jam.
text: Faster and faster, the tempo rises.
text: The crowd parts as a dancer emerges from behind the stage. She
text: draws all attention - including Sam's.
text: A teenage girl in a green unitard dances provocatively wearing
text: an enormous mass of multi-colored balloons. BALLOON GIRL
text: smiles and gyrates. Her arms wave in the air as her shoulders
dialog: sway.
text: Suddenly she begins to scream over the pounding drums. All
text: part of the act, but strange nevertheless.
text: Balloon girl dances through the crowd screaming as everyone
text: pokes and pops the balloons with their sewing needles.
dialog: Pop. Pop. Pop. Pop. Pop.
text: The music reaches a crescendo and ends with a final roar
text: Sam watches as balloon girl emerges from the mob - she's
text: covered in deflated rubber over her nylon suit. She stares up
text: at the sky, as though healed by Pentecostal powers.
text: The crowd cheers as the band disappears behind a curtain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 32
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I love you Jesus!
text: Sam pulls the sewing needle from his shirt and tosses it over
text: the edge of the roof - without thinking twice.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN STANDARD ROOFTOP - EVENING 33
text: Loud music everywhere.
text: Sam sits down along the edge of the pool - jeans rolled up -
text: feet in the water. He sips his fruity cocktail and watches
text: Troy and her girlfriends strip into their bathing suits.
text: Troy kicks off her sandals and dives into the water.
text: Sam watches Troy swim to the far edge of the pool. The young
text: woman climbs onto a raft and lays back - she pulls a flask
text: from her waist-band and takes a swig.
text: The redhead, FANNIE, a freckled and slightly plump beauty,
text: stretches and yawns at the edge of the pool. Her teeth are
text: oddly spaced - a missed opportunity for braces - but even this
dialog: mistake contributes to her appeal.
text: The black haired girl, MAE, steps cautiously into the pool.
text: She's slim with dark features - girlish compared with her
text: friends - a bob haircut more at home in the 1970's than the
dialog: millennial teens.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Is Jesus still here or did he leave
dialog: already?
text: Sam fixes his sights on Troy. She is calmly spinning slow
text: circles on her raft.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I'm not sure.
speaker_heading: FANNIE
dialog: He's with one of the brides I think.
text: Fannie climbs down the ladder into the blue tank. She starts
dialog: to swim.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Romantically?
speaker_heading: FANNIE
dialog: Probably.
text: Sam drinks and eavesdrops - trying to look like he belongs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: MAE
text: Seems like he's making his way through
dialog: all of ‘em.
speaker_heading: TROY
text: One bride at a time.
speaker_heading: FANNIE
dialog: He's a romantic.
text: Fannie and Mae laugh together as Troy grins. She takes another
text: gulp from her flask.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You don't become a bride without
dialog: fucking Jesus.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: If he wasn't so good looking he'd
dialog: never get away with it.
text: Troy climbs out of the water, looking back at her friends.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Blessed by his holy father I guess.
text: Sam watches as Troy heads to the bathroom. He stands up and
text: follows.
scene_heading: INT. WOMEN'S BATHROOM - EVENING 34
text: The toilet flushes and Troy opens her stall. Sam is standing
text: between her and the sink. Troy gives him a dirty look and
text: tries to walk around him. Sam blocks her path, holding up the
text: photo of Sarah.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Do you know this girl?
text: The girl looks at the photograph, but says nothing. She stares
text: at Sam - looking him up and down.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Do you know where she is?
text: Troy spits her gum in Sam's face. It hits his nose and falls
text: to the floor. Sam grabs her arm and yanks her closer
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Fuck you. Seriously. Is she ok?
text: Troy knees Sam in the balls. She pulls away from his grip as
text: he falls to the floor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 34
text: She runs out.
text: A fresh group of drunk hipster girls walk into the bathroom
text: and see Sam on the floor. They make ugly faces at him and bark
text: - strong and very aggressive - flashing gang signs from places
dialog: they've never visited.
speaker_heading: BATHROOM GIRL
dialog: Get the fuck outta here. It's the
dialog: ladies room.
scene_heading: ANOTHER BATHROOM GIRL
dialog: Piece of shit. Asshole.
text: As the girls shout and curse, their barking becomes literal.
text: From their sweet mouths come deep and disturbing dog barks.
scene_heading: AND ANOTHER BATHROOM GIRL
dialog: Fuckin' toilet licker
text: The girls cackle and laugh at their explosion of expletives.
text: Sam tries to sit up.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN STANDARD HOTEL ROOFTOP - CONTINUOUS 35
text: Sam hobbles, hunched over, through the beautiful crowd. It's
text: even louder than before.
text: One of the Brides of Dracula, a green-eyed beauty in oversized
text: reading glasses and grey lipstick, chats energetically with a
dialog: gentle giant.
text: Sam passes by the READING GLASSES BRIDE, moving toward the
dialog: pool.
scene_heading: READING GLASSES BRIDE
dialog: We thought about naming ourselves
dialog: Jesus and the Brides of Frankenstein.
dialog: Cause there's just so much vampirism
dialog: in pop culture, we were worried the
dialog: Dracula thing might be a little
dialog: tiresome.
scene_heading: GIANT HIPSTER WITH GIANT BEARD
dialog: I think it works for you.
text: This conversation, and others like it, plays out in the
text: background - overlapping with the primary story. Altman-esque.
scene_heading: READING GLASSES BRIDE
dialog: Yeah. There's something liberating
dialog: about 1920's fashion. Obviously
dialog: there's the whole "undead flapper
dialog: girl" thing. Ya know...
speaker_heading: MORE
speaker_heading: ( ) (CONTINUED )
dialog: 35
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 35
scene_heading: READING GLASSES BRIDE (cont'd)
dialog: all women are condemned as monsters
dialog: the moment they start doing the
dialog: Charleston. Fuck society, right?
scene_heading: GIANT HIPSTER WITH GIANT BEARD
dialog: I agree...
text: Moving past the crowd, Sam finally gets a clear view of the
text: pool area. Troy and the girls are gone.
text: A HAND lands hard on Sam's shoulder. He jumps.
scene_heading: FAUX ANGRY VOICE
dialog: What are you doing here?!
text: Sam spins around and sees ALLEN, a grinning guy with floppy
text: hair and a chiseled jaw - laughing and patting Sam's back.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey, Allen. Good to see you.
text: Allen gives Sam a hug. Sam looks down at Allen's attire.
text: Though very masculine, Allen wears a few pieces of women's
text: clothing - slightly repurposed for irony or comfort's sake.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Is that a woman's blouse?
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: I guess so.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ok.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: What are you doing? Keepin' busy with
dialog: work?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Of course. How 'bout you?
text: Allen drifts through the conversation. Floating in both words
text: and gestures.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Yeah you know... workin'. Mostly,
dialog: thinkin' about things. How does the
dialog: world work? Why are we swimming on
dialog: rooftops when there's an ocean right
dialog: over there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 35
text: Sam stands more still than the others - less at ease in this
dialog: world of artists and secret socialites. Also, he was just
text: kneed in the balls.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well I don't have any answers.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Nobody does.
text: Allen grins, nodding and patting Sam on the shoulder a few
dialog: more times.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey, do you know a blond, a redhead
text: and a brunette that drive a Rabbit
dialog: convertible?
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: No, but I'm looking forward to meeting
dialog: ‘em.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well... I'm... trying...
text: A beautiful black girl in a sparkling emerald evening gown
text: walks up to Allen. He smiles to the EMERALD BEAUTY and points
text: to her dress.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Hey! I like the dress.
text: The girl smiles and tips her chin in flirtatious recognition.
scene_heading: EMERALD BEAUTY
dialog: Thanks, Allen.
text: Emerald Beauty stares over Allen's shoulder
scene_heading: EMERALD BEAUTY
dialog: Oh my God. Take a look.
text: Both Allen and Sam turn and see a leggy brunette in gold
dialog: shorts.
dialog: It's Millicent Sevence.
text: She's drinking, laughing and flirting with another girl.
scene_heading: EMERALD BEAUTY
dialog: Isn't that Millicent Sevence?
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 35
scene_heading: EMERALD BEAUTY
dialog: What is she doing here? Isn't her dad
dialog: kidnapped or something?
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Not a very classy move.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (feeling his groin)
dialog: It's hard to say what a person might
dialog: do when they're in pain.
text: The pair ignore Sam, as they scoff and stare.
text: Emerging from the crowd in her white gothic gown, one of the
text: Brides of Dracula edges into the circle. A fragile doll.
text: The MEEK BRIDE waves at the group like a shy schoolgirl - a
text: wicker basket filled with cookies in her hand.
speaker_heading: MEEK BRIDE
dialog: I'm doing a secret solo show tomorrow
dialog: night at Hollywood Forever if you
dialog: wanna come.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Yeah. I'd love to.
speaker_heading: MEEK BRIDE
dialog: These are your tickets.
text: The girl delicately hands both Allen and Emerald Beauty a
text: homemade cookie. The Meek Bride looks at Sam, pauses and gives
dialog: him one too - like Valentine's day in grade school. Everyone
dialog: gets a card if you show up.
speaker_heading: BRIDE
dialog: Don't eat it or break it. If it's
dialog: missing anything, even a crumb, they
dialog: won't let you in.
text: Sam looks at the cookie in his hand - frosted with green
dialog: piping - the number 76.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Thanks.
text: The Meek Bride offers a half-grin then turns to deliver more
text: VIP treats to the crowd. She repeats her pitch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: 35 CONTINUED: (4) 35
speaker_heading: MEEK BRIDE
dialog: (moving into the crowd)
dialog: I'm doing a secret solo show tomorrow
dialog: night at Hollywood Forever if you
dialog: wanna come...
text: Emerald Beauty looks down at her iphone, reading her twitter
dialog: feed.
scene_heading: EMERALD BEAUTY
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: What?
scene_heading: EMERALD BEAUTY
text: It looks like they found Millicent's
dialog: dad.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Really?
scene_heading: EMERALD BEAUTY
text: His body was burned or something.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: He's dead?
scene_heading: EMERALD BEAUTY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Does she know?
text: All eyes turn towards Millicent Sevence. The billionaire's
text: daughter pulls away from a sapphic kiss, and makes a funny
text: face as she reaches for her drink.
text: Emerald Beauty whispers something to a MALE MODEL. A few
text: people around Millicent start to look up from their smart
text: phones, reacting to some terrible news. More and more people
text: within the crowd turn their attention toward the young woman.
text: Millicent sways and laughs.
text: A chain reaction of hushed whispers. Elbowing between friends.
text: Faces looking up from iphones. Chatter and gossip.
text: Sam watches this from the edge. Everyone waits for Millicent
dialog: to hear what they already know.
text: A girl runs through the crowd and whispers into Millicent's
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 35
text: Sam watches the young woman's face. She's devastated, but
dialog: holds it in.
text: Millicent walks slowly through the hipsters to the elevator
text: She's gone.
scene_heading: EXT. RANCHO LOS FELIZ APARTMENTS - NIGHT 36
text: Sam opens the outer security gate.
text: Fog drifts across the garden walkways of Sam's complex. A
text: foreboding quality in the night air
text: Sam walks alone.
text: It's quiet except for crickets and the sound of water rippling
text: in the stream.
text: Sam hears footsteps behind him. He turns and looks back.
text: No one is there. Darkness.
text: We move with Sam, tracking through the foggy walkway. The
text: young man steps nervously - alert.
text: Sam's cell phone rings. He answers.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hi, um... one of the guys at Secret
dialog: Headquarters, the comic store, gave me
dialog: your number. They said you wanted to
dialog: talk to me.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh shit, yeah. I read your zine. I
dialog: wanted to ask you more about it. Is
dialog: there a time we could meet up?
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Sure. I'll be drawing all day
dialog: tomorrow. You're welcome to stop by
dialog: the house.
text: Sam hears something again. He spins back as a dark figure
text: crosses the path - into the shadows.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Cool. Could you text me your address?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 36
text: Sam stares back. Concerned.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Yeah I can do that.
text: Still watching - no movement.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Great. I'll see ya then.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Yeah. See you tomorrow.
text: Sam hangs up his phone and stares into the darkness.
text: Listening.
text: He sees a shadow lean out from behind a distant building. Gone
dialog: again.
text: Sam turns and starts to jog ahead. He looks around anxiously.
text: Through the dark garden path. In and out of the lamp light.
text: Reaching an intersection of paths, Sam slows down and looks to
text: his right. He notices a man standing in the center of the
text: walkway.
text: The man is not moving. His body and face are shrouded in
dialog: darkness.
text: Sam turns left and starts to run. He doesn't look back
text: Turning another corner, Sam scrambles and climbs behind a
text: large tree.
text: Loud rustling - behind him. A strange cry.
text: Sam turns and sees black fur rising from the brush within the
text: tall grass. It's the rear end of a skunk
text: The animal shakes and sprays. Sam covers his head and closes
text: his eyes as the skunk bathes him in its odor.
text: Sam staggers out of his hiding place, wiping the fluid from
text: his face. His eyes water. He hunches over on the sidewalk and
text: begins to heave.
text: Sam vomits on the walkway.
dialog: Cough. Choke.
text: Sitting there, he tries to open his eyes. Slow and painful.
text: The fluid stings.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 36
text: Sam opens his eyelids - just enough. He looks up the garden
text: path and sees no one. The shadow man is gone.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 37
text: Standing on his kitchen tile, Sam strips off his clothes into
text: a garbage bag. The television is on nearby.
text: A beautifully decorated cookie sits on his counter-top next to
text: Sarah's photo and a parking ticket covered in symbols and
text: scribbles.
speaker_heading: MALE REPORTER
dialog: (on tv)
dialog: Yes. I agree. The city is in shock at
dialog: the loss of such a cultural landmark.
dialog: This man has literally been the face
dialog: of Los Angeles for decades through his
dialog: charity work, his Hollywood production
dialog: company, the New Year's Eve telecast,
dialog: his public appearances at Awards
dialog: shows, the Rose Parade... the list
dialog: just goes on and on...
text: Leaning over in his underwear, Sam watches the news report. We
text: see helicopter footage of a burned up Deusenberg near Silver
dialog: Lake Boulevard and the 101.
text: Sam pulls his briefs down and tosses them into the bag.
speaker_heading: FEMALE REPORTER
dialog: (on tv)
dialog: It's hard to believe, but the Los
dialog: Angeles Police Commissioner has
dialog: confirmed that the remains are those
dialog: of Jefferson Sevence. As we reported
dialog: earlier, Sevence was found dead in his
text: car with the bodies of three women
dialog: believed to be prostitutes.
text: This catches Sam's attention.
text: He runs across the room and stands before the television, buck
text: naked. He watches intensely.
speaker_heading: FEMALE REPORTER
dialog: (on tv)
dialog: In addition, some unnamed sources have
dialog: leaked a very odd detail about the
text: case. Apparently the remains of a dog,
dialog: a breed known as Bichon Frise, were
text: found in the purse of one of the
dialog: victims.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 37
speaker_heading: FEMALE REPORTER (cont'd)
dialog: This has officially become a very
text: grisly and puzzling murder
dialog: investigation.
text: Sam watches the crime scene footage. A detective carries an
text: evidence bag into a police van. Reporters and cops everywhere.
text: Sam tilts his head, and presses a button on his cable box. The
text: screen pauses.
text: He zooms in with the remote - focusing on the grainy image of
text: the crime scene bag. It's white and charred.
text: Concerned with neither his odor nor his nudity, Sam grabs
text: Sarah's photo from the counter
text: He holds the picture up, examining the details of Sarah's
text: white bonnet - the pink ribbon hanging near her ear.
text: He compares it against the tv screen, zooming-in once more.
text: Though it's a fuzzy blur, the burnt white cloth and pink
text: ribbon are clearly visible within the evidence bag.
text: It's Sarah's hat.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Fuck.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S BATHROOM - NIGHT 38
text: Open tin cans sit on the bathroom sink. Inside the tub is Sam,
text: soaking in tomato juice - scrubbing the skunk scent from his
dialog: body.
text: The actress is on the floor, wearing a slutty nurse outfit,
text: and plugging her nose.
text: She reads out loud to Sam - a page from "Under the Silver
dialog: Lake".
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Who is the Owl's Kiss?
text: The actress turns the zine around and shows Sam the picture
text: accompanying the typewriter essay. It's a cartoon depiction of
text: a naked woman in an owl skin mask with a large tuft of pubic
text: hair between her legs.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: According to this picture it's a naked
text: lady with an unshaven bush.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: 38
text: Sam shakes his head and smiles.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Just read it.
text: The actress makes a face and returns to her duty.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: (reading)
text: The Owl's Kiss is a lost legend of
dialog: folklore. Just as terrifying as the
dialog: Wolfman or Frankenstein's Monster. She
text: is a woman who arrives in the night,
text: through windows and locked doors,
text: naked except for her mask of
text: taxidermied owl skin. She seduces men
text: and women alike, killing them in their
dialog: sleep. This beautiful spectre is
dialog: responsible for dozens of deaths
dialog: within the Los Angeles basin, though
dialog: she has yet to be mentioned by
text: mainstream media. Theories abound as
dialog: to her motives. This author believes
dialog: she may be a member of a longstanding
dialog: American cult with origins in trade
dialog: and finance. It's the unlucky soul who
text: finds himself the recipient of an
text: owl's kiss.
text: The actress raises her brow and tosses the zine on top of the
dialog: toilet.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: What a bunch'a horse shit.
text: Sam nods out of respect as the young woman rests her back
text: against the sink. White nylon legs sprawled unshyly over the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: I can't believe Jefferson Sevence is
dialog: dead.
text: Sam listens, scrubbing his face with soap and tomato juice. He
text: dunks his head into the bath once or twice. Rinsing his hair.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Every year more and more celebrities
dialog: and people I grew up with keep dying.
dialog: Dick Clark... Elizabeth Taylor...
dialog: Johnny Carson.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (2) 38
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Everybody dies... even the people we
dialog: think will be here forever.
text: with her nose still plugged, the actress's voice sounds extra
text: strange and nasally.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: I remember hearing my aunt talking
dialog: about that feeling - realizing how
dialog: quick it all goes. It's one of those
dialog: things you don't understand until
dialog: you're in it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Have you lost anybody? Anybody close?
text: The actress just nods. She looks at Sam.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: You?
text: Sam shakes his head. Not yet.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I think about it though. A lot more
dialog: than I should.
text: The actress pets the top of Sam's head. He looks like a big
text: child in the tub... an old baby covered in his food.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Hey, what were those pages on your
dialog: nightstand? The ones with all the
dialog: scribbles?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ehhhhh. That's nothing.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: No. Tell me. I wanna know.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You'll get all weirded out.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: No I won't. You've seen me doing my
dialog: chants and my prep work. I don't care
dialog: if it's weird.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ok. Have you ever heard about old
dialog: record albums having satanic messages
dialog: in them if ya play 'em backwards?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (3) 38
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ok... so I was watching wheel of
dialog: Fortune and I noticed that Vanna White
dialog: did this little pattern of glances
dialog: every so often. She looked forward
text: then right then left and then back
dialog: again. And I started wondering... is
dialog: that random or is there a reason for
dialog: it? Is there a pattern behind it? And
dialog: if there is, maybe there's something
text: meaningful in that pattern.
text: The actress stares and listens as Sam continues explaining his
dialog: strange theory.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So I started taking note of when it
dialog: happened... and for the past 7 months
dialog: I have a complete record of it. It
dialog: doesn't happen everyday... it's
dialog: literally every three episodes except
dialog: for one time. Also, it seems to happen
dialog: most Wednesdays except for last
dialog: Wednesday which happened to be a
dialog: holiday. So I graphed it out and I got
dialog: some old code books from the library
dialog: and I've been digging through them,
dialog: trying to see if it translates to
dialog: anything... like a word or a
dialog: message... something.
text: The actress smiles nervously, making a slight sound from her
text: throat as she adjusts her legs. Sam speaks faster and faster.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I mean, I've just been thinking, why
dialog: do we assume that all of this
dialog: infrastructure and entertainment and
text: open information beaming all over the
dialog: place into every home on the planet is
dialog: exactly what people tell us it is?
dialog: Maybe there are people more important
dialog: more powerful or wealthier than us
dialog: that communicate things or see things
dialog: in the world that are meant for them
dialog: and not for us. I think it's fucking
dialog: ridiculous to assume that media only
dialog: has one purpose... right?
text: The actress stares at Sam - frozen. She's freaked out, but she
text: tries to hide it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 38
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You think that's weird?
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: A little.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's not weird. Don't you ever feel
dialog: like rich people know something that
dialog: you and I don't?
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Like good restaurants, maybe.
text: Frustrated, Sam splashes tomato juice over his chest. He
text: exhales deeply.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Don't take this the wrong way, but you
dialog: smell so bad. I think I'm gonna get
dialog: going.
text: The actress starts to stand up. Stretching.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ok. Um... thanks for the juice.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: I'll be back when the smell goes away.
text: The young woman walks out of the bathroom, leaving Sam alone.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 39
text: Sam sits on his couch watching Wheel of Fortune - a notebook
text: and pen in his hand.
text: He hears squeals of laughter and water splashing outside his
dialog: window.
text: Sam walks out to his balcony.
scene_heading: EXT. SAM'S APARTMENT BALCONY - NIGHT 40
text: Looking down at the pool, Sam sees Sarah swimming alone in the
text: blue water.
text: Sarah splashes... laughing like Marilyn Monroe.
text: She swims closer, looking up at Sam. He realizes that she's
text: naked.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 40
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Come on in. The water is so
text: refreshing.
text: Sam watches as Sarah reaches the nearest edge of the pool. She
text: props herself on her elbows and lifts a single leg up onto the
text: deck - mimicking Marilyn. She giggles and laughs with a giant
dialog: grin.
text: Sam stares. More laughter
text: Sarah climbs out and sits on the edge of the pool. With her
text: back to us, she turns and smiles over her shoulder... teasing
text: her body.
text: She begins to bark at us - the sound of a large dog -
dialog: something vicious.
text: Her face is beautiful but her barks are horrific.
text: Sam watches as she playfully hops back into the pool and dives
dialog: underwater.
dialog: Splash.
text: It's quiet now. Sam leans over the railing and looks down.
text: The water settles... no one is in the pool.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - MORNING 41
text: Sam opens his eyes, rolls out of bed and looks straight out
text: the window. He sees police stringing crime-scene tape over
text: Sarah's apartment door.
scene_heading: EXT. VESELICH AVENUE - DAY 42
text: Sam exits his apartment gate and walks up the street. He
text: notices a leggy woman in a short red dress climbing out of her
dialog: Prius.
text: RED MINISKIRT walks daintily ahead of him on the sidewalk -
text: passing a drunk homeless man in the grass.
text: Sam watches her ass and legs as she prances along.
text: On the opposite sidewalk, there are more beautiful women,
text: staggered down the block, but marching forward.
text: A Fellini-esque parade of mini-skirt models moving down the
text: street in Sam's direction.
text: Sam tilts his head - trying to understand it all.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 42
text: Red Miniskirt cuts across the road - pulling out her
text: headshots. She slows down in front of an old duplex.
text: Inside the dirty garage are several gorgeous models standing
text: around, smiling and chatting with a heavy-set man. He sits
text: behind a folding card table like a king. A makeshift sign
dialog: reads: Movie Auditions!
text: Sam passes the garage audition, staring at the odd circus.
text: Now behind him, Red Miniskirt paces, staring up at the trees -
text: wondering if she should leave.
text: Sam turns a corner.
text: Several models stand in the center of the street looking down
text: at the pavement. A look of disgust on their faces.
text: Red spray paint covers the ground. Some sort of graffiti.
text: Sam approaches them and the strange markings.
text: YELLOW MINISKIRT makes a few involuntary, hushed sounds -
text: publically advertising her horror at the message below her.
scene_heading: YELLOW MINISKIRT
dialog: Uhhhhhhhe.
text: Each grunt is accompanied by a body shiver and a little,
text: involuntary two-step dance on her yellow heels.
text: Sam keeps walking closer.
speaker_heading: BLUE MINISKIRT
dialog: Gehhh.
text: Below their high-heeled feet are four giant words - written in
text: red spray paint.
dialog: Beware the Dog Killer
text: GREEN MINISKIRT flips her foot and grimaces, shaking her face
text: with tongue half extended. This really bothers her.
scene_heading: GREEN MINISKIRT
dialog: Lllehhhhehhhaaah.
text: Sam stares at the painted message as he passes the models.
text: Yellow Miniskirt looks up at him.
scene_heading: YELLOW MINISKIRT
dialog: Really creepy, huh?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 42
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BLUE MINISKIRT
dialog: I don't even walk my dog anymore.
scene_heading: GREEN MINISKIRT
dialog: We use a litter box.
text: Yellow Miniskirt waves her hand in front of her nose.
scene_heading: YELLOW MINISKIRT
dialog: What's that smell?
speaker_heading: BLUE MINISKIRT
dialog: I don't know.
text: Sam sniffs himself and makes a face.
text: A loud MECHANICAL SOUND!
text: Sam looks ahead and sees a tow truck lifting his Black Mustang
text: onto its flatbed.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What the fuuuuckkk?
text: He starts to sprint, leaving the circle of runway models
text: behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. BRUNSWICK AVENUE - MOMENTS LATER 43
text: Sam pounds on the tow truck driver's window.
text: The TOW MAN rolls it down and looks at Sam with a wide and
text: angry mouth.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's my car! You can't take my
dialog: fucking car!
speaker_heading: TOW MAN
dialog: This is my job, man. You can't keep it
dialog: if you don't make the payments.
text: The tow man throws his truck in gear and drives off toward Los
dialog: Feliz.
text: Sam watches his car disappear.
text: A homeless woman stares, wheeling a shopping cart along the
dialog: sidewalk.
dialog: Squeak! Squeak! Go the wheels.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK BOULEVARD - DAY 44
text: Sam walks down Griffith Park Boulevard, covered in sweat.
text: He stares at the blank scoreboard near John Marshall High
text: School as he passes.
text: A car full of teenagers zips down the road. Sam hears a
text: familiar tune approach and recede with their passing.
dialog: You and I...
dialog: turning like teeth...
dialog: loving beneath...
text: the surface.
text: Sam listens, wiping sweat from his face. The sun covers all.
scene_heading: INT. COMIC MAN'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 45
text: Knock. Knock. Knock.
text: COMIC MAN opens his front door and greets Sam - now soaked
dialog: from the heat.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Come on in. You want a beer?
text: He waves Sam inside. Closing the door
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yes, please.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
text: Hot day and a cold beer.
text: Sam smiles and looks around, fanning himself. It's a mess of a
text: house. Sketches, papers and books litter the room.
text: Dust balls collect in corners.
text: From the dim living room into the far hallway, the walls are
text: covered in LIFE MASKS.
text: Sam fixates on the dozens of solid-white faces hanging
text: everywhere. Their eyes are closed. Their expressions are
text: frozen in time.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 45
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 45
text: He sees... Basil Rathbone, Debbie Reynolds, Angelina Jolie,
dialog: Bela Lugosi, Katherine Hepburn, Christopher Reeve, Ashton
text: Kutcher, Linda Blair, Charles Laughton, Patricia Arquette, Lou
dialog: Costello and Robert Redford.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What are these masks?
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: They're life masks.
text: Comic Man hands Sam a beer. He cracks it open and takes a
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's a life mask?
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: They're resin castings of famous
text: people's faces. They're all real and
dialog: they are true to life representations
dialog: of these amazing people.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hm.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Most of ‘em are from film productions
dialog: but some were cast by sculptors for
text: statue construction. Like Lincoln's...
text: Comic Man points to the chalk-white face of Abraham Lincoln
text: hanging from the wall. His eyelids are closed.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: That's his real face... and that's
text: Grace Kelly's right next to Johnny
dialog: Depp.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Huh.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I really need to have a family so I
dialog: have someone to pass these on to.
dialog: Right? These people need to be
dialog: remembered.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I understand.
dialog: 46
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT. COMIC MAN'S LIVING ROOM - DAY 46
text: Sitting on the couch, surrounded by books, odd tchotchkes and
text: "Under the Silver Lake" zines, Sam draws the double diamond
text: shape on paper.
dialog: °c
text: Sam's photograph of Sarah sits on the paper next to the
dialog: drawing.
text: Comic Man leans in and looks at the symbol.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Stay quiet.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: It means "stay quiet". It's a hobo
dialog: code.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Yeah. Hobos and rail-riders from the
dialog: 1930's used it. Here look...
text: Comic Man grabs a book from his giant shelf. He opens it and
text: shows Sam a graph of common hobo symbols.
dialog: Oo -- || X r <><> S//
text: Sam lifts a piece of scrap paper from within the book. It's
text: filled with handwritten translations. A simple KEY for the
text: mysterious hobo code.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: They used it to let other people know
dialog: who was cool, who wasn't, what houses
dialog: might offer food, if there's a doctor
dialog: in that town who might be sympathetic
dialog: to travelers. That sort of thing.
text: Sam stares at the symbols, keeping the code-filled book mark
text: in his hand.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well why is it in Sarah's room and who
dialog: are they telling to be quiet?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: /
dialog: ry
speaker_heading: KIND LaDy
speaker_heading: LIVES HERE
dialog: IF YOU ARE SICK,
dialog: they" care for you
dialog: ®)
speaker_heading: KEEP QUIET
dialog: A
scene_heading: OISHOWEST PERSON
speaker_heading: LIVES HERE
dialog: ers
speaker_heading: THERE ARE
text: THIEVES ABOUT
dialog: ahs
text: KIND WOR ARS, tail pitiful story
dialog: fy
speaker_heading: DOCTON HERE,
scene_heading: WON'T CHARGE FREE TELEPHONE
dialog: HOLD YOUR BARKING DOG
speaker_heading: TONGUE HERE
speaker_heading: GOOO PLACE 10
scene_heading: TROLLEY STOP CATCH « TRAIN
dialog: COWARDS, will give, YOULL BE
dialog: 10 get ni of you CURSED OvT
scene_heading: coume COMMITTED, | JUDGE
dialog: pat sate for strangers LIVES HERE
speaker_heading: FOOD HERE
dialog: of you WORK
speaker_heading: ALCOHOL
speaker_heading: 1 THEE TOWN
speaker_heading: THIS 18 NOT
speaker_heading: ASAPEPLACE
speaker_heading: A BEATING
dialog: AWAITS YOU HERE
speaker_heading: COURTHOUSE:
speaker_heading: PRECINCT STATION
speaker_heading: aS
dialog: ‘YOU CaN SLEEP
text: in HAYLOFT.
dialog: ane
speaker_heading: BEWANE of
speaker_heading: FOUR DOGS
dialog: ye
speaker_heading: MAN with
scene_heading: GUN LIVES HERE
speaker_heading: ‘S2)
speaker_heading: POLICE HERE
speaker_heading: FROWN on HOBOS
speaker_heading: OFFICER ot LAW
speaker_heading: LIVES HERE
scene_heading: RELIGIOUS TALK
speaker_heading: ete PROG MEAL
speaker_heading: EASY MARK,
speaker_heading: SUCKER
scene_heading: BE PREPARED to
scene_heading: DEFEND YOURSELF
dialog: (sy
scene_heading: AUTHORITIES MERE
speaker_heading: ARE ALERT
dialog: 
dialog: 46
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: I don't know. Maybe you?
text: Sam takes a deep breath.
text: Comic man opens an issue of "Under the Silver Lake", sitting
text: amongst the clutter. Inside it's filled with snapshots of
dialog: "lost and found" signs from all over the east side of Los
dialog: Angeles.
dialog: Page after page...
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: There's been a rash of "Lost and
dialog: Found" signs for dogs, humans, and
dialog: musical equipment in the past two
dialog: years. Something big is going on. I
dialog: know it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Do you think any of it could be
dialog: connected to Sarah?
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Of course.
text: Sam listens... wanting to believe, but troubled by it all. He
text: looks at the life masks covering the walls.
dialog: Is this man sane? Am I?
text: Comic Man begins sorting through various issues of "Under the
text: Silver Lake" as he talks.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: It could be a lot of things. Sex or
dialog: drug trafficking. The Dog Killer. Cult
dialog: of the Whale. I don't know... lately I
dialog: just assume the Owl's Kiss has
dialog: something to do with everything.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm not so sure about that.
text: Comic Man stares Sam down - a little offended by his
dialog: dismissal.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Do you have a dollar bill on you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I might...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 46
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 46
text: Sam digs through his wallet and pulls out a dollar. Comic Man
text: takes it, producing a magnifying glass from the drawer
text: He holds the glass over the dollar bill, steadying it on the
text: coffee table.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Take a look... that's the sign of the
text: Owl's Kiss.
text: Sam leans in and looks through the magnifying glass. He sees
text: it. A tiny owl is visible, peeking up from behind the crest of
text: the top-right corner's numeral one.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Right there. On every dollar bill in
dialog: this country. With every transaction
dialog: we enter a pact to live by her law...
dialog: any household that eats, lives and
dialog: trades under her eyes is subject to
dialog: her jurisdiction.
text: Comic Man hands the dollar back to Sam. He stares at the
text: little bird, previously hidden in his wallet.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Our world is filled with codes, pacts
dialog: user agreements and subliminal
dialog: messages.
text: More enthusiastic, Comic Man grabs piles of torn magazine
text: pages and ads from old Playboys... waving them in Sam's face.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Here... and here... and here...
text: symbols and words hidden in print
dialog: advertising...
text: Sam sees advertisements with concealed words circled in red
dialog: Magic marker...
scene_heading: POWER... LOVE... SEX... FREEDOM!
text: Naked women in the ice cubes of soda pop ads...
text: Women's mouths nearly fellating cheeseburgers...
text: Mae West in the Camel cigarette logo...
text: Dollar Bills hidden in the lettuce...
dialog: On and on...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 0
dialog: gi
dialog: ”
dialog: ou anywhere.
dialog: Hit bee with tangy Tipalet Cherry. Or rich. grape-y Tipalet
dialog: Burgusdy. Or lescices Tipalet Blueberry, It's Wild!
text: Tipatet. It's mew. Different. Oeticious in taste and in aroma.
dialog: Aputl in hee direction and she'll follow you, asywhere.
dialog: Oh yes... you get smoking satisfaction without inhaling smoke.
dialog: < ‘ —2 Smokers of America,
dialog: THPALET THPALEX I TiPA do yourself a flavor.
dialog: Make your next
dialog: cigarettes
dialog: Tipalet:
dialog: 
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 46
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Sexual innuendo connected with
dialog: corporations... and ideologies that
dialog: you assume you adopted through free
dialog: will but are actually the result of
dialog: hidden messages.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What if there are messages that aren't
dialog: subliminal, but are meant only for
dialog: certain people?
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Of course. That's as common as tits
text: and hamburgers.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: INT. COMIC MAN'S BEDROOM - DAY 47
text: Comic man pulls a wooden panel away from the wall, revealing a
text: dark crawl space.
text: Dusty boxes are visible at the head of the narrow passageway.
text: On one of the boxes, sits a surveillance monitor connected to
text: an old VCR.
text: Comic Man leans over and crawls into the secret opening,
text: disappearing into the darkness.
text: Sam looks at the surveillance monitor and VCR. He sees a LIVE
text: VIEW of the living room, the backdoor and the side of the
text: house nearest the garage.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's with the cameras?
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: I'm trying to protect myself. Do you
dialog: know how many people have died from
dialog: the Owl's Kiss?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No. I don't.
text: Sam looks around at Comic Man's bedroom. He glances at the
text: ACTION FIGURES and the SKETCHES charting the stages of the
dialog: moon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 47
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: I got the place wired up... nobody
dialog: gets in here without me knowin'
dialog: Right?
text: Sam says nothing. He waits - looking into the dark crawl
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: Ahhh. Here it is.
text: Comic Man crawls back into the light, waving a CEREAL BOX,
text: triumphantly.
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Got it. Got it. Got it.
text: Comic Man climbs out and shows Sam the box of MOONSTONES
text: cereal from the mid 70's. He spins it around and points at the
text: East Los Angeles map on the back of the box.
dialog: Giant letters announce:
dialog: Treasure Hunt! Fun Prizes!
text: Sam studies the colorful map. Cartoon characters poke their
text: heads out of famous east side locations. Griffith Park
dialog: Observatory, etc...
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: I bought this from another collector
dialog: five years ago. I'm convinced that
dialog: this map is the key to everything I've
dialog: been searching for my whole life.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Seriously?
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: Seriously.
text: Sam points to the Contest Card on the side of the box - loaded
dialog: with fine print.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I think all you had to do was mark
text: down where the characters are hiding
dialog: and send in your contest card. Here.
text: Comic Man sighs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 47
speaker_heading: COMIC MAN
dialog: It's not about Moonstone toys. This
dialog: map is geographically to scale. From
text: Silverlake to the Hollywood Hills.
dialog: It's guiding me somewhere important
dialog: and one of these days I'll crack it.
text: Comic Man stares at Sam with a sweaty and strained face.
text: Sam avoids eye contact.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNSET BOULEVARD - DAY 48
text: Sam passes scooter girls and fedora men as he soaks through
text: his shirt - melting in the heat.
text: He glances back, looking at the hipsters and homeless men on
text: the sidewalk behind him. They are all wearing similar hats.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN
dialog: Anybody spare some change? Please?
text: Sam divides and steps through an enormous line extending out
text: from the local Intelligentsia Coffee - all parties standing on
text: a long red carpet that ends at the Sunset gutter.
text: Everyone seems to know each other. A long line of feigned
text: surprise and big smiles.
speaker_heading: PRETTY WOMAN
dialog: Oh my gosh, honey, what are you doing
dialog: here?
scene_heading: ANOTHER PRETTY WOMAN
text: Just grabbing an afternoon coffee.
speaker_heading: SMUG MAN
dialog: Hey! Good to see you...
text: And on and on. Sam keeps walking.
dialog: Everyone is beautiful... or at least very, very interesting.
scene_heading: EXT. SHAKESPEARE BRIDGE - DUSK 49
text: Griffith Park Observatory is visible high above on the
text: hillside.
text: Sam crosses a picturesque bridge, staring at the pretty
dialog: houses.
text: He looks around, glancing back at the empty street.
dialog: 50
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: EXT. BAR BUDDY'S HOUSE - DUSK 50
text: Sam walks up the sidewalk and sees Bar Buddy smoking and
text: drinking on his porch. Seeing Sam, he waves and approaches,
text: meeting in the driveway.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Where's your car?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh. It's in the shop. Getting
text: repainted from all that graffiti.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: That's what you get for driving that
text: cockmobile.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I like my car.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: I like my cock. I don't have to
dialog: compensate for it.
text: Sam ignores his friend, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Did you hear about Jefferson Sevence?
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Yeah they found him dead in his car
text: last night. With three prostitutes and
text: a dog.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah I think Sarah was one of the
dialog: prostitutes. The dog was the same
dialog: breed as hers and I saw her hat ina
text: crime scene bag on the news.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Fuck. I'm sorry, man.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thanks. I feel weird accepting
dialog: condolences. I barely knew her.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: You liked her though.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Mm hm. A little bit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 50
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: So what are you gonna do now?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I kinda wanna find out who killed her
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Isn't that a little... serious?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I guess so. What else am I gonna do?
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: I don't know.
text: The two men chuckle to one another. Bar Buddy changes the
dialog: subject.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Wanna see something cool?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah. What is it?
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: You gotta check out my drone.
text: Bar Buddy points his thumb towards the backyard.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Your what?
scene_heading: EXT. BAR BUDDY'S BACKYARD - NIGHT 51
text: A medium-sized DRONE rises up from the center of the backyard.
text: Silent like some future monster. Its rotors spin.
text: The black quadcopter houses a state of the art camera system.
text: The two men sit on the grass, in front of a laptop - which
text: rests on a cheap folding chair. Their heads are tilted close.
text: Beers in hand.
text: Sam watches the drone hover and soar through the neighborhood.
text: Disappearing into the black sky.
text: Bar Buddy operates the controls from his laptop - piloting the
dialog: drone.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Shit. Where do you get something like
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 51
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: I got it on amazon.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hm.
text: POGO, Bar Buddy's golden retriever walks up to Sam through the
dialog: grass.
text: The dog licks his hand and arm. Sam pulls away - a fake smile
text: forming. Bar Buddy notices and tugs gently on his dog's
dialog: collar.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Leave him alone, Pogo. Come here.
text: Pogo steps away. Bar Buddy rubs the dog's head, petting him
text: fondly. Sam relaxes.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
text: Look at that. Silverlake from above.
text: The drone soars over Los Angeles. Transmitting a blur of
text: lights, houses, cars and streets.
text: Bar Buddy sniffs the air. Something is afoul. He smells Pogo's
dialog: fur.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Jesus, what's that smell?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's me.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Oh.
text: Bar Buddy accepts the fact with a casual nod.
text: He taps some buttons, watching the drone's camera-relay next
text: to the computer's mapping system.
text: The drone settles in place.
text: Bar Buddy focuses the camera on a large window overlooking a
text: canyon - some modern home in the hills.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Ok. This is a good one. I've been
dialog: scouting houses and I think this chick
dialog: used to be in lingerie commercials.
text: Amazing body.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 51
text: The drone's camera shows an empty, but bright living room.
text: Well decorated.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Gotta be patient.
text: Bar Buddy taps the edge of the chair in anticipation.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You ever feel like you fucked up
dialog: somewhere a long time ago and you're
dialog: living the wrong life? Or a bad
dialog: version of the life you were supposed
dialog: to have?
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: You're fine.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No. I used to think I was gonna be
dialog: someone that other people cared about.
dialog: Maybe do something important...
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Shit. Everybody thinks that, but the
dialog: world can't support it. Somebody has
dialog: to sweep the floor. This fucked up
dialog: idea that life owes us a god damn good
dialog: story is a bunch of crap. We're not
dialog: all special and we're certainly not
dialog: equal. That's the biggest lie ever
text: Bar Buddy looks at Sam - sees his beaten expression.
text: Understands it. He puts his hand on Sam's shoulder.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Everyone thinks they're going to be
dialog: famous. Narcissism and entitlement
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Look where we live.
text: Bar Buddy and Sam look out into the night air. The crickets
text: chirp. The wind blows through the trees.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
text: It feels like there's something darker
text: under the surface. Waiting to come
dialog: out. Do you ever feel like that?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah... I think somebody's following
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: 51 CONTINUED: (3) 51
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Probably.
text: Bar Buddy smiles and starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Who isn't being followed nowadays?
text: Sam laughs along with his friend.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No, but I feel like that a lot. Even
dialog: before all this craziness.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: It's the modern persecution complex.
dialog: Who needs witches and werewolves
dialog: anymore, now that we have computers?
dialog: Everyone is suffering from mild
dialog: paranoia. I don't think our fuckin'
dialog: monkey brains are comfortable knowing
dialog: that they're interlinked and routed
dialog: together like some all knowing human
dialog: brain. This shit causes delusion and
dialog: fear, but we don't see it because
text: we're too busy playing "Angry Birds".
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Persecution Complex is just the
dialog: opposite side of the spectrum from the
dialog: Privilege Complex. It's basically the
dialog: dark mirror of our dreams and
dialog: aspirations. You think you're special
dialog: and that secrets and blessings have
dialog: been planted in the world for you. The
dialog: schizophrenic thinks that people are
dialog: out to get them and that there's a
text: hidden and dangerous world below the
dialog: surface. These two paths are more
dialog: similar than anyone wants to admit.
dialog: Persecution complex is the modern
dialog: plague. It's the universe balancing
dialog: things out.
text: Two nearly middle-aged men in undersized t-shirts sitting on
text: the grass in a dark backyard drinking beer and huddling before
text: a small monitor...
text: Sam leans in towards the screen - taking note of the empty
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 51
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Doesn't seem like she's home.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Everyone on the planet thinks that
dialog: they're somehow the "chosen one". But
dialog: they're also afraid the world might be
dialog: out to get 'em. It's the nature of
dialog: things anymore. It's modern
dialog: technology, it's saturation of pop
dialog: culture, it's living in a world where
dialog: ten years olds can become singing
text: superstars from their bedrooms.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah, but those kids have real
dialog: success. Real money. It is possible to
dialog: get lucky and achieve a dream. Doesn't
dialog: that go against your whole thesis?
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: No way. Who cares if five or ten
dialog: people catch a break? That's like
dialog: winning a golden ticket into Wonka-
dialog: land. It's appeasement. It's fantasy.
dialog: It's the stuff dreams are made of
text: On the screen, they see a CHESTY WOMAN walk into the room. She
text: takes her shirt off, revealing her bra. They watch in silence
text: as she sits down in a chair and starts to cry.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Bar Buddy moves the controller, turning the drone's camera
text: away from the sad woman's window.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm gonna take off. I'll see ya soon.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Be careful out there.
text: Sam leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD FOREVER CEMETERY GATE - NIGHT 52
text: Sam walks toward the cemetery entrance.
text: Hipsters carry cheese plates, blankets and wine through the
text: iron gate.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD FOREVER CEMETERY - NIGHT 53
text: Sam walks alone down a grave-lined path.
dialog: The air has cooled...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 53
text: Pretty young women walk through the cemetery in their summer
dialog: clothes.
text: Orchestral score echoes - as though performed through a
text: loudspeaker.
text: Dialogue from a film soundtrack carries across the graveyard.
dialog: Source unseen.
text: We hear reverb-filled voices. Much like the hollow sounds
text: heard when stepping into the back of a large movie theater
text: mid-screening.
text: As Sam steps over the hill, he sees hundreds of people sitting
text: on the grass before a make-shift movie screen. A film is being
text: projected onto the back wall of a mausoleum.
text: Picnic blankets and lawn chairs fill the space.
text: Sam steps to the rear of the crowd, and watches the film.
text: A quiet scene in some suburban backyard. A young mid-western
text: girl smokes a cigarette and flirts with a teenage boy. Her
text: friend watches from a lawn chair opposite her. The pixie girl
text: with the Seberg-haircut flashes a star-making smile.
text: Sam looks through the crowd. No one familiar.
text: He makes his way toward a tree-lined path, glancing back at
dialog: the film.
text: Onscreen, a pig-tailed teen girl frowns while talking to her
text: boyfriend. Sad but photogenic eyes. Her soft voice echos
text: across the graveyard.
text: Sam notices a man with a diamond grill smoking pot with two
text: pretty young women. He has his arms around them like trophies.
text: They lean together against a thick-stump tombstone.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND GRILL
dialog: (laughing in distance)
dialog: Two for one month, right?
text: Walking closer along the path, Sam recognizes them.
text: It's the two girls from the movie. Older now, but recognizably
text: the same. A regular pair of SHOOTING STARS.
text: Their hair is styled exactly as it is in the film being shown
text: tonight. Their attire is nearly inappropriate - like some bad
text: hipster variations on Jodie Foster's wardrobe from Taxi
dialog: Driver.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 53
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey. You're the girls. In the movie.
text: SHOOTING STAR #2 flips a pig tail over her shoulder and takes
text: a puff from the joint.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #2
dialog: That's us.
text: The girls smile and stare at Sam through stoned eyes.
text: DIAMOND GRILL ignores him, smoking his joint and touching the
text: girls' faces.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Nice to meet you.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #2
dialog: Thank you.
text: SHOOTING STAR #1 smiles and nods, looking down at the ground
text: with a shy shuffle. Her short Seberg-hair catches the light.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: Do you like the movie?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Um... yeah... I just got here, but I'm
dialog: sure it's...
text: Shooting Star #2 notices a scent wafting by. She sniffs the
text: air - interrupting.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #2
dialog: Gosh, do ya smell that?
text: Sam takes a deep breath.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: Smells like skunks and... pot
text: The Seberg-girl displays an exaggerated grimace. Too pouty for
text: a grown woman.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Los Angeles is filled with skunks.
dialog: Especially the east side.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND GRILL
dialog: We should get going.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 53
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: Ok.
text: Diamond Grill leads them toward a limousine, parked along the
text: inner drive. They stumble in their heels, under the influence.
text: Sam watches them climb inside, slumping together across
text: leather seats. Light music emanates.
text: A man's head peeks out from within the dark limo.
text: It's the Hipster Pirate. Sam reacts - taking a step closer.
text: The door shuts.
dialog: Slam!
text: The limousine accelerates down the cemetery road, disappearing
text: around the corner.
text: Behind Sam, on the mausoleum wall, the short haired girl
text: smiles and flirts with a small town boy.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY MAUSOLEUM - NIGHT 54
text: Sam walks up to a TUXEDO BOUNCER standing before a roped-off
text: doorway. Potted plants and Saint statues flank the edges of
text: this marble entrance.
text: An elegantly designed cardboard floor-sign announces:
dialog: Summertime Secret Show!
text: The rumble of music can be heard from inside.
text: Sam holds up his cookie invitation. Tuxedo Bouncer examines it
text: and nods his head.
text: He eyes Sam with displeasure.
speaker_heading: TUXEDO BOUNCER
dialog: You gotta take a bite before I can let
dialog: you in.
text: Sam looks at the bouncer's face. He's quite serious.
text: Sam shrugs and shoves the entire cookie in his mouth.
scene_heading: INT. MAUSOLEUM PARTY - NIGHT 55
text: Sam makes his way through a deep crowd, milling about within
text: the large mausoleum hall. Waitresses carry drinks and hors
text: d'oeuvres to the young and fashionable crowd.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 55
text: Looking over heads and shoulders, Sam sees the small stage
text: near a row of shrines. Spotlights illuminate the main
dialog: attraction.
text: Meek Bride stands on the stage, dressed in her 20's gown and
text: 80's tennis shoes.
text: She leans forward and speaks quietly into the microphone like
text: a cute mouse - nervously pressing her dress down onto her
dialog: knees.
speaker_heading: MEEK BRIDE
dialog: Thank you everybody for being here. I
dialog: want to dedicate this first song to
dialog: the man who taught me everything I
dialog: know. This song is for Jesus.
text: The small piece orchestra sitting in the shadows of the stage
text: begin to play. A sad and slow version of a famous tune.
dialog: To Sir With Love...
speaker_heading: MEEK BRIDE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Those schoolgirl days of telling tales
dialog: and biting nails are gone. But in my
dialog: mind I know they will still live on
dialog: and on...
text: The men in the room watch with wistful eyes and deep longing.
text: Sam watches the Bride perform, simultaneously eyeing the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: MEEK BRIDE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: But how do you thank someone who has
dialog: taken you from crayons to perfume? It
dialog: isn't easy, but I'll try...
text: Sam hears a woman's voice behind him...
speaker_heading: RECORD GIRL
dialog: Records?... Records?... Records?
text: Sam turns and sees RECORD GIRL handing out sample albums to
text: the party-goers. Record Girl wears a 1930's cigarette girl
text: outfit - carrying a wooden tray filled with double stacked 45s
dialog: of the newest Jesus and the Brides of Dracula single. She's
text: straight out of Cocoanut Grove.
text: The girl holds her tray of records out before Sam - offering
dialog: him one.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: 55 CONTINUED: (2) 55
speaker_heading: RECORD GIRL
dialog: Records?
text: Sam takes one and looks at the cover, smiling quickly to the
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thank you.
text: On stage, Meek Bride continues to sing like a sad angel.
speaker_heading: MEEK BRIDE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: If you wanted the sky, I would write
text: across the sky in letters that would
dialog: soar a thousand feet high.... to sir
dialog: with looooove...
text: Making his way to the bar, Sam notices his friend Allen
text: chatting with a cute bartender. He walks up and shakes the
text: man's hand.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Work is good. Floatin' along. You
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah. I get it.
text: Sam signals the bartender. She leans in.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: Jack on the rocks, please.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: You find those girls you were lookin'
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No. Not yet.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: I'll keep an eye out. Three hot girls
text: in a rabbit.
text: Sam smiles and nods. He passes some cash to the bartender and
text: sips his drink.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: 55 CONTINUED: (3) 55
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Um... have you noticed anything
dialog: strange going on in this whole circle
dialog: of friends? Anything out of the
dialog: ordinary?
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: That's kind of everyday, right?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No. I know. I mean... extra strange.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Last week, this girl I hooked up
dialog: with... she was fucked up out of her
dialog: mind... said some weird stuff about
dialog: Jesus and the Brides.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Like what?
text: Allen looks around, then leans in close to Sam.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
text: That there's a message in the music.
text: Allen grins, tapping his finger on the record in Sam's hand.
text: Sam glances at the sleeve. Jesus and the Brides pose together
text: like a post-modern perfume ad.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Like a secret message?
text: Allen smiles, laughing about the idea.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's it say?
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: I don't have a clue, man.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Who's this girl?
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Just one of the many. You know.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 55
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Crazy makes for good sex. Remember
dialog: that.
text: Allen looks Sam in the eye, smiles and pats him on the
dialog: shoulder.
text: He notices a group of mustachioed muscular men in mesh shirts
text: passing by. Allen waves and smiles, stepping away from Sam to
text: engage his friends in a series of complicated hand shakes and
text: man hugs.
text: Sam watches Allen disappear into the crowd.
speaker_heading: MEEK BRIDE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I would rather you let me give my
dialog: heart... to sir with looooove...
text: Balloon Girl bumps against Sam, wearing an Italian-chic summer
text: dress with sandals - looking like an object of infatuation
text: from an old Rohmer film from the mid 70's.
text: She leans against the bar - her bare shoulder touching Sam's
text: arm. He looks at her face.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I hardly recognized you without your
text: balloons.
text: Balloon girl shakes her head with a small grin.
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: You saw that?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Uh huh.
text: The pretty girl points at the drink in Sam's hand.
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: Would you buy me one?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sure.
text: Sam looks to the bartender
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: One more.
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 55
text: Sam pulls the final twenty dollar bill from his wallet and
text: pays for the drink.
text: Balloon Girl smells something funny, but says nothing.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Can I ask you a question?
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: Yeah.
text: Sam shows Balloon Girl his photo of Sarah, setting it down on
dialog: the bar.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Did you ever see her around?
text: Balloon Girl nods her head. Yup.
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: Sarah.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You know what happened to her?
text: Sam hands Balloon Girl her whiskey. She takes a drink.
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: Come with me.
text: Balloon Girl grabs Sam's hand and pulls him through the crowd.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
text: The basement.
scene_heading: INT. MAUSOLEUM STAIRWELL - NIGHT 56
text: Balloon Girl hops down the stone steps, dragging Sam behind
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
text: It's "old music night" at the crypt
dialog: club.
text: She reaches a thick wooden door and knocks hard against it. A
text: tiny slot opens, revealing a peering eye.
speaker_heading: DOOR GUARD
dialog: What's the password?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 56
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: Tricycle Bicycle.
text: The door opens and Balloon Girl pulls Sam into the dark room.
scene_heading: INT. CRYPT CLUB - NIGHT 57
text: Cigarette smoke fills the cavernous crypt club. Rough stone
text: walls, curtained booths, and tombstone tables surround the
dialog: dance floor.
text: Music thumps as the crowd hops and sways to a classic pop
text: tune. Something recognizable from the 1990's.
text: Sam and Balloon Girl are sitting together at one of the tables
text: - their drinks and elbows resting on a perfect replica of
text: Jayne Mansfield's tombstone.
text: The pair share a cigarette - taking turns with their drags.
text: They shout over the painfully loud music. Conversing!
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
text: (looking at Sarah's
dialog: photo)
dialog: I didn't know her very well, but she
dialog: was around! I saw her at parties and
dialog: shows and stuff! I don't know what
dialog: happened to her, but I can tell you it
dialog: didn't have anything to do with my
dialog: friends! We're just enjoying our
dialog: world, enjoying our bodies, enjoying
dialog: our music... !
text: Sam holds up his 45 record, displaying the cover of Jesus and
text: the Brides. He points to it as he talks.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I heard people saying that there's
dialog: some kind of code or secret message in
dialog: their music!
text: Balloon Girl laughs.
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: I'm pretty sure that's not true! Jesus
dialog: wouldn't hide a message in a message!
text: Sam says nothing as he nods. He takes a drag of his cigarette.
text: Ballon girl slides the photo across the table to him.
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: There's nothing to solve, you know?!
dialog: It's silly to put so much energy into
dialog: something that doesn't matter!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 57
text: Balloon Girl reaches into her dress and pulls out a piece of
text: flaccid red rubber. She holds the balloon up to her mouth and
text: blows into it.
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: We have this tiny window where we can
dialog: have fun and fuck and and be
dialog: free... !
text: Tying it off with her fingers, the girl raises up the inflated
text: balloon and moves her cigarette closer and closer to it.
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: Life is too short, right?!
text: Balloon Girl presses the cigarette against the rubber, popping
text: the balloon in her hand. She smiles to Sam.
text: Sam takes a gulp of his drink, eyeing Balloon Girl with
dialog: curiosity.
text: A powerful and loud power chord blasts from the club's
dialog: speakers.
dialog: It's REM's "What's the Frequency Kenneth".
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Come on! I wanna dance to this!
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: I don't know this song!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Come on!
text: On the dance floor, under the strobing lights, the pair begin
dialog: to feel the music. The energy of it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (singing along! )
dialog: I'd studied your cartoons, radio,
dialog: music, TV, movies, magazines...
dialog: Richard said, "Withdrawal in disgust
dialog: is not the same as apathy"...
text: Sam dances wildly to the song - a giant grin rarely seen in
text: the context of this story. He dances, jumps and swings his
text: arms like a whirling and mad Michael Stipe. The girl laughs
text: joyfully along with Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (singing along)
dialog: "What's the frequency, Kenneth?" is
dialog: your Benzedrine, uh-huh...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 57
speaker_heading: SAM (cont'd)
text: Butterfly decal, rear-view mirror
dialog: dogging the scene... You smile like
dialog: the cartoon, tooth for a tooth... You
dialog: said that irony was the shackles of
dialog: youth...
text: Sam dances and stares into the girl's beautiful but young
text: face. She moves to the beat... though clearly unfamiliar with
text: the tune or the lyrics he's chanting. Sam is the only one
text: singing along, but he doesn't care.
text: They are separated by age and the ever shifting tectonic
text: plates of pop culture.
text: The dance floor is half full. Most of the crowd sways casual
text: and cool. Sam and Balloon Girl smile and jump, shaking along
text: with the heavily tremoloed chords - using their power to
dialog: remain unique and alive.
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: We should fuck!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yes!
text: Sam's world grows large. The crowd twists and transforms.
text: Color stretches into unbelievable hues.
text: Sam grabs his face. Rubs his eyes. His legs grow weak.
text: He turns and staggers off the dance floor. Balloon Girl
text: follows.
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: What's wrong?!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I feel really strange!
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: How much of the cookie did you eat?!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: The whole thing!
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: Shit!
scene_heading: INT. CLUB BATHROOM - NIGHT 58
text: Sam vomits into the toilet. Loud and terrible.
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: INT. CRYPT CLUB - NIGHT 59
text: Sam walks out of the bathroom - dizzy. He holds his head -
text: nauseous and pale - as he scans the crowd. His table is empty.
text: Balloon Girl is gone.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Fuck me.
text: Near the entrance, he sees Troy, one of the Rabbit convertible
dialog: girls.
text: As he steps closer, focusing his eyes, Troy spots him and
text: pushes through the crowd - rushing out the door. Sam follows -
text: picking up the pace.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD FOREVER CEMETERY - NIGHT 60
text: Sam chases the girl through the dark cemetery.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey! Wait!
text: Troy is quick. She darts between the graves and trees. Sam
text: dodges and leaps in pursuit.
text: A long stretch of open grass separates them. Sam kicks into
text: high gear. His breathing intensifies. Sweat everywhere.
text: He gets closer and closer, staring ahead at the girl sprinting
text: along in her jean shorts.
text: Everything starts to slow down... turning purple... then
dialog: black...
text: Sam falls to the ground - holding his head.
dialog: Darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD FOREVER CEMETERY - MORNING 61
text: Morning birds chirp.
dialog: Ring. Ring. Buzz. Buzz.
text: Sam opens his eyes and lifts his cell phone to his face. He's
text: laying in the grass, just below a tombstone. Beer and wine
text: bottles litter the ground.
text: Sam answers, rubbing his head. Pain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 79.
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hi, mom.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Hello! I'm so glad you picked up. I
dialog: have good news. Remember I told you
dialog: about that Janet Gaynor movie?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Well... I taped it for you, and I'm
dialog: gonna send it in the mail, but I
dialog: wanted to make sure you had a VCR.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's not hooked up, but I have one. If
dialog: you send the tape, I can watch it.
text: Old women and old men walk through the cemetery with somber
text: expressions. Their clothes and outfits are identical matches
text: to several of the outfits worn by the young women and men in
dialog: this same place the night before.
text: All these old hats and colorful slacks... utility over
dialog: fashion...
dialog: fashion over utility... utility over fashion...
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Oh good. I just thought it would be
dialog: something nice to share. She's soooo
dialog: lovely. I feel connected to her. Is
dialog: that silly?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No, mom.
text: Sam watches the seniors go about their business delivering
text: flowers to distant graves.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Well I won't keep you. I know how busy
dialog: you are. But I love you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I love you too.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 61
text: Sam hangs up the phone. He lifts his head and looks at the
text: tombstone before him..
dialog: Janet Gaynor
dialog: 1906-1984
text: Sam sees an empty beer bottle sitting atop the gravestone. He
text: stares at it, shaking his head.
text: Sam pulls himself up, grabs the bottle and throws it angrily
text: into the far-off trees.
dialog: Wait for it...
text: A tiny and soft sound - the crush of glass in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS FELIZ BOULEVARD - MORNING 62
text: Sam passes by the Contact Lens Billboard. He stares up at the
text: beautiful Indian woman with sparkling eyes.
text: She watches over the road and smiles.
dialog: I Can See Clearly Now
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - DAY 63
text: Warping sounds and scrambled music surround us...
text: Sam sits on the floor, listening. A bag of Trader Joe's frozen
text: veggies on his head. An old hardcover version of "The Code-
text: Breakers" sits nearby.
text: The turntable plays the Jesus and the Brides of Dracula 45
text: record backwards. Strange sounds emanate from the speakers.
text: Demonic? Certainly odd. No words or messages.
text: Sam listens. Staring at the speakers across from him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: There's nothing in here.
text: Lifting the needle on the turntable, Sam adjusts the rotation.
text: He lowers the arm and plays the record properly.
text: A familiar tune bathes the room in hi-fi glory and well
dialog: designed indie-rock.
dialog: You and I...
dialog: turning like teeth...
dialog: loving beneath...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 63
dialog: the surface...
text: Sam scribbles the lyrics down on an empty tomato-stained pizza
text: box with a black sharpie marker.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - DUSK 64
text: Sam and Bar Buddy sit in front of the television playing Super
text: Mario Bros on the 8-bit Nintendo. Sam is flipping through a
dialog: stack of old Nintendo Power Magazines - reading about cheats
text: and tips. They are eating a fresh pizza from Tomato Pie.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: I know that book.
text: Bar Buddy points at Sam's "Code-Breakers" book sitting next to
text: the old lyric-covered pizza box.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah. I stole that from the library
dialog: when I was ten years old. I thought it
dialog: was the coolest thing ever.
text: Bar Buddy listens, guiding his Luigi across the side-scrolling
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I just remember sitting in my room,
dialog: and making up my own weird little
dialog: codes and secret language... it felt
dialog: like there was so much mystery in the
dialog: world... things to be figured out and
dialog: solved...
text: The friend nods. He understands and relates.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: An entire generation of men obsessed
dialog: with video games, secret codes, and
dialog: space aliens.
text: Bar Buddy's Luigi is hit by a twirling hammer
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I couldn't tell you how many nights I
text: spent walking around the woods waiting
dialog: for some magical alien to follow me
dialog: home and be my friend.
text: Bar Buddy smiles and laughs. Sam grins back, concentrating now
text: on the game. He guides Mario along a dangerous path.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: We crave mystery, because there isn't
dialog: any left.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 64
text: The neighbor's parrot screams something unintelligible in the
text: distance. Neither Sam nor Bar Buddy notice.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: There's nothing that hasn't been
dialog: explained away or solved by people and
dialog: machines smarter than we'll ever be.
text: Sam continues playing, making a complicated series of jumps.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Listen, a hundred years ago, any idiot
dialog: could wander into the woods and look
text: behind a rock and find something
dialog: new... but not now.
text: Mario hits a hidden block. A fire flower grows from within it.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Where is the thing that's never been
dialog: seen? The mystery that makes it all
dialog: worth while?
text: Sam controls his character, destroying several Goombas and a
text: Piranha Plant with his fireballs.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Why do you think so many of us are out
dialog: looking for the fucking Loch Ness
dialog: monster? Aliens? Bigfoot? We don't
dialog: want to accept that we're useless.
dialog: Even though we are. Modern Man needs
dialog: mystery. We need to believe that
dialog: there's something worth finding.
text: On screen, Sam's Mario sinks down into a secret green sewer
text: pipe - accompanied by a sound effect - the sound of discovery.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Twist the candelabra and the bookcase
text: opens.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Yup. Up-up-down-down- left-right -left-
dialog: right-B-A. That's our mantra. How do
dialog: we get ahead? What's the cheat code?
dialog: Where's my monogrammed secret
dialog: treasure?
text: Bar Buddy chuckles to himself. Sam smiles.
speaker_heading: BAR BUDDY
dialog: Any luck finding out who killed Sarah?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 64
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Not yet, but I'm gettin' there.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 65
text: Sam lays out a Playboy centerfold, a Victoria's Secret
text: catalogue, an Urban Outfitters catalogue, Sarah's photo, a
text: People magazine, and an open Hustler on the bed around him.
text: He starts to masturbate, flipping through the newest LA
dialog: weekly.
text: Sam stares at an image of the Brides of Dracula. Their eyes
text: appear to stare back at him. A sexual understanding between a
text: photograph and a man.
text: Sam strokes himself, glancing at the other images...
text: A naked Penny Baker from 1984...
text: A submerged and nude Carol Willis from 1970...
text: A modern supermodel in a purple bra...
text: A sardonic hippy chick in tight red jeans...
text: Sarah in her white hat...
text: Mrs. Sevence and Millicent, crying on the cover of People...
text: A giant breasted porn star...
text: Continuing to pleasure himself, Sam flips the pages of the LA
text: Weekly to the smut section in the back of the paper.
text: Strippers and whores. Phone numbers for escorts and sex chat.
text: Sam notices a quarter page advertisement featuring the smiling
text: faces of several pretty young women. Different than the
text: average stripper or sex ad. Sam looks down at the girls'
text: faces. He's seen these girls before.
text: Very short hair on one. Pigtails on the other
text: It's the two Shooting Star girls from the cemetery movie.
text: Sam stops jerking off and examines the ad more closely. It
dialog: reads:
dialog: Shooting Star Escorts
dialog: Enjoy the Company of Hollywood's Up and Coming Ingenues
dialog: Grab Hold of a Shooting Star Tonight!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 65
dialog: Call Now
text: Sam grabs his cellphone.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 66
text: Sam presses play on his CD player. "Modern Love" by David
text: Bowie plays loudly. Sam sways along with the beat.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (singing along)
dialog: I know when to go out... and when to
dialog: stay in... get things done...
text: Sam dances to his door. He opens it and leans outside. No
dialog: one's there.
text: Leaving the door ajar, Sam steps back into his apartment. He
text: grabs a beer from the fridge while dancing to the tune.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (singing along)
dialog: I catch a paper boy, but things don't
dialog: really change. I'm standing in the
dialog: wind, but I never wave bye-bye... but
dialog: Itry... I try...
text: Sipping from the can, Sam dances back to the doorway. He peeks
text: out again and sees Shooting Star #1, the short-haired ingenue,
text: walking delicately into the lamp light towards his front door
text: Shooting Star #1 sees Sam and smiles with a little wave. She's
text: dressed provocatively in a white dress.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: Hey! It's you.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 67
text: "Modern Love" is still playing. Sam sits on the couch watching
text: the young woman wander around his living room. Shooting Star
text: #1 looks at the knick knacks and posters, running her hand
text: over things.... examining and admiring the oddities. Sam
text: stares at her as she stands on tiptoes to see the books on his
dialog: shelf.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (singing along quietly)
dialog: God and Man, no confessions...
dialog: God and Man, no religion...
dialog: God and Man, don't believe in...
dialog: Modern Love...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 67
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: I mean for work.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh God... that's all I ever hear.
dialog: How's work? Workin' hard? Works good?
text: Shooting Star #1 rolls her eyes.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: People have to work.
text: Sam nods, turning down the music with the remote.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Aren't you in movies though? Why are
dialog: you doing this?
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: You know, I made one little indie
dialog: movie - didn't make a penny off it. I
dialog: moved out and here and I was
dialog: waitressing. I could barely pay rent.
dialog: You know how expensive it is here?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I do.
text: The young woman begins to unbutton her dress with a grin...
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: (putting on a show)
dialog: You want a blow job from the
dialog: supporting actress Academy Award
dialog: nominee from last year? Call Shooting
dialog: Star.
text: She starts to shift and pull down on her cotton dress.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: (putting on a show)
dialog: You wanna go down on the girlfriend of
dialog: the lead character from your favorite
dialog: sitcom? Call Shooting Star.
text: Shooting Star #1 takes a step closer to Sam, still undressing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 67
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: (putting on a show)
dialog: You wanna fuck an IT girl? It's not
dialog: that hard.
text: With her her bra strap revealed, the girl points at Sam.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: Youuuu are a patron of the arts... and
dialog: I can pay my bills.
text: Sam laughs. The Shooting Star smiles and laughs along. She
text: pulls her dress down, stepping over it with her heels.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: You gave them your credit card, right?
text: The young woman stands before Sam in her bra and panties.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Uh huh.
text: Shooting Star #1 walks over to Sam. She leans forward and rubs
text: her hands through his hair - her chest close to his face.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Can I ask you something?
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Shhhhhhhh.
text: Shooting Star #1 rubs her hands down Sam's head to his back
text: and shoulders. The young woman sways a bit to the music.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's nothing bad... I was wondering...
dialog: last night at the cemetery... who was
text: the pirate-looking guy in the limo?
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: I have no idea.
text: The girl lowers herself down against Sam. Brushing her leg
text: against his crotch. She moves slowly, shifting into some form
text: of a lap dance.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You don't know his name?
text: The short haired beauty continues to rotate her body in minor
text: circles - slightly seductive pivots.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: 67 CONTINUED: (3) 67
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: No. He was... anonymous.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You don't know anything about him?
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: Eh eh.
text: Shooting Star #1 stares directly at Sam, offering him a sweet
text: and innocent look of naivete. A shoulder shrug and a pout.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: You have any food?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: There's pizza in the fridge.
text: The girl opens the fridge and pulls a slice from the cardboard
text: box inside. She scans the photos and pictures hanging from
text: Magnets along the door of the icebox.
text: Taking a bite of pizza, Shooting Star #1 looks at a production
text: photo from "Something's Got to Give". In it, Marilyn Monroe
text: swims nude in a very blue pool - staring back at the camera
text: with seductive eyes.
text: Sam watches the girl from across the room as she notices
text: something else on the counter. Shooting Star #1 lifts up the
text: photo of Sarah, holding it out toward Sam.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: I know this girl.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Really? How do you know her?
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: She was at this party I went toa
dialog: couple years ago.
text: Shooting Star #1 walks over, bringing the picture with her.
text: She sits down next to Sam, gobbling her food.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Did you talk to her?
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: No. That would've been impossible.
text: The girl laughs and continues.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: 67 CONTINUED: (4) 67
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: She was in this glass cube in the
text: middle of a living room. Some kind of
dialog: bad performance art I guess. She was
text: just sitting on a stool in a dalmation
text: fur bathing suit. Not moving or making
dialog: eye contact. These drunk old men kept
text: tapping the glass but she wouldn't
dialog: budge.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How did you end up there?
text: Shooting Star runs her hand over Sam's lap. She flirts and
text: teases as she talks.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: This asshole producer. He brought me
text: and a few other girls as his dates.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's his name?
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: I don't remember... he makes those big
dialog: action movies based on household
dialog: cleaning products.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ok. I know who you're talking about.
text: Shooting Star #1 lays back, putting her head in Sam's lap.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: So we get to this place and they let
text: us in the gate. They check our ID's,
dialog: we just wander the streets of this
text: luxury neighborhood... walking into
dialog: whatever house we want, whatever room
dialog: we want. There's food everywhere.
dialog: Music. Dancers. Craziness. It was this
dialog: big open party, like straight outta
dialog: Gatsby.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Wow. Who's place was it?
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: No one ever said. It was really weird.
text: But at the end of the block, the
dialog: biggest house on the block, this grey
dialog: stone mansion...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 67
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1 (cont'd)
dialog: we weren't allowed to go near it. It
dialog: was the only place off limits.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Fuck.
text: Shooting Star presses her head back against Sam's crotch with
text: a knowing grin. She rolls her head in place.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: When I was cleaning up in the
dialog: bathroom, I heard some girls gossiping
dialog: about the place. One of 'em said she'd
dialog: heard it was owned by some songwriter
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Must've been some song.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: No shit.
text: The pair begin to kiss.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - MORNING 68
text: Sam sits on his balcony with his Martin acoustic guitar. He
text: strums a few familiar chords, then glances down at the lyric-
text: covered pizza box.
text: Sam takes his sharpie and scribbles the chord-names above the
dialog: lyrics.
text: It's the music for "Turning Teeth" by Jesus and the Brides of
dialog: Dracula.
text: Across the courtyard, Topless Bird Woman washes her patio door
text: with windex. Her parrot caws loudly.
speaker_heading: PARROT
dialog: Luddafemmmbbbbbb!
text: Sam moves his fingers over the fret board. He strums lightly -
text: bringing the song to life.
text: Sam begins to sing or half-sing the words...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You and I... turning like teeth...
dialog: loving beneath... the surface...
text: Stopping again, Sam stares down at his fingers - stretched
text: across the frets. He repeats the pattern, arpeggiating the
text: chords, and watching his finger placement.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sam jumps up and moves inside his apartment.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Sitting on the floor, and using another pizza box as a sketch
text: pad, Sam writes out the chords as tablature. He simply writes
text: out the chord formations in a numeric form in reference to
text: their place on the fret board.
text: Sam counts off the numbers as he moves through the various
text: parts of the song - jotting each down on the box.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Sam lays on the couch. Holding the tablature-filled pizza box
text: over his head. He stares up at the numbers, turning the box in
text: a circle. Looking for a way in.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Sam sits near the window reading "The Code-Breakers". The
text: turntable is on, playing the 45 once more. He flips a page and
text: looks down at the Chapter Heading:
dialog: The Anatomy of Cryptology
text: Sam continues to read.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - LATE DAY
text: Sitting on the carpet, with the guitar in his lap, Sam lifts
text: up the 45 record sleeve. He looks at Jesus and the Brides
text: then turns it over, examining the track listing and liner
dialog: notes.
text: Sam looks at the first number on his box. It's the number 3.
text: He looks back at the liner notes. Starting from the first
text: letter of the first word, Sam counts forward three letters. He
text: ends up on the letter R. Sam writes this down on the box.
speaker_heading: R
text: Looking to the next number, he repeats the process, moving
text: through the chords and the words on the record sleeve. A
text: message begins to form.
speaker_heading: RUB D
text: Faster and faster, Sam moves through the words, counting in.
text: He's deeper and closer than before.
text: As he works, Jesus and the Brides sing their beautiful melody.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 72
text: The neighbor's parrot screeches and calls out for something
text: indistinguishable.
text: Sam scratches his marker across the cardboard...
dialog: Finally...
text: He stops. Sam looks down at the pizza box... at the message
text: below him...
text: RUB DEANS HEAD AND WAIT UNDER NEWTON
text: Sam stares at the message scribbled in sharpie. A mix of print
text: and cursive.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Rub deans head and wait under newton?
dialog: What the fuck does that mean?
text: Sam stands up and rubs his head. He walks to the glass patio
text: door and looks out. He stares at the Topless Bird Woman as she
text: cleans one of the many cages.
text: Sam leans close and breathes against the glass. A small circle
text: of moisture forms near his nose and mouth.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Dean... Dean Martin. Dean Koontz.
dialog: Harry Dean Stanton. Richard Dean
dialog: Anderson. Dean Stockwell. James Dean.
text: Sam ponders his thoughts. Considers the possibilities. Tapping
text: his fingers against the glass.
text: An idea forms. Sam looks up past the trees to the blue sky
dialog: above.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: James Dean's head. Hah!
text: Sam grins to himself, nodding.
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK TRAIL - LATE DAY 73
text: The landscape is wide and bright under the late afternoon sun.
text: Sam walks alone up a dusty trail surrounded by wild grass.
text: Here in the hills, the city is below him. So much blue sky
text: overhead.
text: Sam looks up toward the gleaming white structure at the hill's
dialog: peak. The Griffith Observatory.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 73
text: Sam trudges higher and higher.
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK OBSERVATORY COURTYARD - LATE DAY 74
text: Emerging from the steep bank along the front of the
text: Observatory, Sam looks across the serene courtyard filled with
dialog: tourists and day trippers.
text: He approaches the James Dean statue along the side wall,
text: facing the Hollywood sign. Sam stands before the bust
text: commemorating "Rebel without a Cause". He looks from side to
dialog: side. Is anyone watching?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (whispering to himself)
dialog: Rub Dean's head...
text: Sam reaches out and places his hand on James Dean's head. He
text: rubs the statue, looking around for some kind of reaction.
text: Nothing seems to happen. Sam rubs it once more for luck.
text: Turning around, Sam steps up to the Astronomer's Monument
text: across from the main entrance. He circles the stone pillar
text: reading the name's around the base.
dialog: Copernicus... Galileo... Kepler...
dialog: Newton...
text: Sam stop and stares at the marble figure representing Newton.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (whispering to himself)
text: Rub Dean's head and sit under Newton.
text: Sam smiles to himself and shrugs as he sits down on the grass,
text: leaning his back against the base of the monument.
text: He sits and watches the tourists and local visitors pass.
text: Families and young people. The sun shines brightly.
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK OBSERVATORY COURTYARD - DUSK 75
text: Sam rests against the statue. His head is slumped to the side.
text: The horizon is now a purple and orange swathe of cotton.
text: The courtyard is nearly empty.
text: From the hillside, Sam notices a dirty old homeless man
text: walking toward him. The HOMELESS KING stops in front of Sam
text: and looks down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 75
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: I saw you rubbing the statue's head.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Uh huh.
text: The homeless man tosses a dirty handkerchief down onto Sam's
dialog: lap.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: Put that over your eyes and I'll bring
dialog: you where you're looking to go.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: I'm the Homeless King.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: Yes.
text: We watch from a distance as Sam ties the blindfold over his
text: eyes. The Homeless King offers an arm, helping him stand. The
text: two men make their way slowly toward the trails, arm in arm.
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK TRAIL - DUSK 76
text: The Homeless King leads Sam down the hillside. Sam walks
text: tentatively, still blindfolded by the dirty rag.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Where are we going?
text: Sam's feet slip on the loose dirt. The old man keeps him
dialog: steady.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: Just concentrate on walking, ok?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ok.
text: A woman jogger passes the men without a second glance. Music
text: blasts from her headphones.
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK WOODS - DUSK 77
text: Moving through a patch of large trees, the Homeless King
text: guides Sam over the grass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: 7 CONTINUED: 77
text: They step very slowly - the gentle snapping of twigs and the
text: crunching of leaves under the darkening sky.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: Some people don't realize this about
dialog: themselves, but... you don't have a
dialog: good smell about you. Did you know
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I did know that. But thank you.
text: They shuffle along - deeper into the forest.
scene_heading: 78 EXT. GRIFFITH PARK CLEARING - DUSK 78
text: A family wraps up their food from a nearby picnic table. The
text: site of a child's birthday party.
text: A few balloons, tied to a bucket, drift in the evening breeze.
text: No one pays any attention to the blindfolded man and his flea-
dialog: bitten guide.
text: The Homeless King leads Sam past a tipped-over trash can. A
text: small coyote digs through the waste - his nose sifting through
text: old hot dog buns and Zesty Taco Doritos.
text: Sam hears the animal howling nearby.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Is that a dog?
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: It's a coyote.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's not gonna bite me, right?
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: No. Coyotes are blessed creatures. If
dialog: you ever find yourself alone with a
dialog: coyote, you don't run away... you
dialog: follow it and see where it takes you.
text: Sam says nothing. They continue to walk.
scene_heading: 79 EXT. GRIFFITH PARK WOODS - NIGHT 79
text: The Homeless King turns a lever, opening a rusty metal hatch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 79
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: People think that we own this land.
text: The streets, and yards and hills and
dialog: the houses and the caves...
text: He guides Sam into the dark passage.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS 80
text: The Homeless King stands behind Sam, leading him deeper.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: Everything belongs to the coyotes.
dialog: They're just letting us use it.
text: The Homeless King pulls the blindfold off of Sam's face.
text: Sam looks around. He's standing inside a dim stone corridor. A
text: narrow tunnel descends deep into darkness.
text: Behind the homeless guide, Sam sees a patch of evening light
text: pouring in from the small hatch. The forest is beyond.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Where are we?
text: The Homeless King exhales.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: You know I can't tell you that.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sure. Of course.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: Ok. Well...
text: The Homeless King extends his arm out, suggesting that Sam
text: begin his descent.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: This way?
text: The old man nods his head as Sam walks down the sloping stone
text: tunnel. He runs his hands along the wall as he moves further
text: from the entrance.
text: Intermittent floor-lights, cemented into the wall, illuminate
dialog: his path.
text: The hatch closes with a clang. Sam glances back. The Homeless
text: King is gone.
text: Sam turns and continues deeper into the tunnel.
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT 81
text: Sam follows the chiseled path. The stone walls open up a bit -
text: continuing to descend.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNELS - NIGHT 82
text: Sam turns a corner and sees a long expanse of branching
text: tunnels. Each dropping lower into darkness. Sam chooses one
text: and walks deeper.
text: He begins to reach additional pathways and optional turns.
text: It resembles a maze.
text: Looking to his sides, Sam sees long expanses of square-cut
text: tunnels sweeping into the earth.
text: Concrete corridors similar to those found at a sports stadium.
text: He turns a corner... and then another...
text: All sense of direction is lost. Earthen walls and sloping
dialog: floors.
text: Finally... Sam sees a large stone doorway ahead.
scene_heading: INT. LARGE TUNNEL ROOM - NIGHT 83
text: Entering the enormous room, Sam is surrounded by roughly
text: painted dry wall, exposed rebar, construction markings, and
text: nail-filled wooden beams.
text: In the center of the room is a long dining table with no
text: chairs. It's covered in the dust of concrete.
text: Thick wooden crates line the inner wall. They are labeled as
dialog: such...
dialog: Food. Water. Batteries. Towels. Liquor
text: Walking further into the giant space, Sam passes a roughed-out
text: kitchen area with a massive refrigerator
text: A generator is visible behind an unfinished wall.
text: Inside the bathroom is a tub with gold fixtures, a shower and
text: a dead-end pipe - plumbing for an eventual toilet.
text: Stepping into a third concrete-walled room, Sam sees a spray-
text: painted mark on the floor, designating the location for a bed.
text: A giant recess in the wall suggests the inclusion of some
text: large format television.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 83
text: Sam looks around at the odd living quarters...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's a fuckin' bomb shelter
scene_heading: INT. TUNNELS - NIGHT 84
text: Sam follows a long corridor upwards. Each tired step brings
text: him closer to some sort of imagined surface.
text: Higher and higher he walks through the stone tunnels. His face
text: is weary.
scene_heading: INT. TIGHT CRAWL SPACE - NIGHT 85
text: Sam inches his way through a dark shaft. His arms are pinned
text: close to the narrow side walls. Sharp-cut stone rubs against
text: his shoulders.
text: A tiny speck of light is visible ahead.
dialog: He hears music. Muzak?
scene_heading: INT. GELSON'S DAIRY COOLER - MORNING 86
text: Sam's hand rises up from between the metal floor grates. Milk
text: cartons and frosted dairy racks litter the chilled cooler
text: Sam lifts the grate up and sets it aside on the tile. He
text: climbs out of the tight crawl-space and looks around.
text: It's a supermarket. Fucking Gelson's. Sam laughs to himself.
text: Muzak plays from the store speakers: a softened, instrumental
text: version of Jesus and the Bride's of Dracula's hit single.
text: Sam puts the floor grate back in place, and snatches a bottle
text: of milk. Exhausted and thirsty, he takes a big drink
scene_heading: INT. GELSON'S SUPERMARKET - MORNING 87
text: Sam wipes off his milk mustache as he stumbles through a
text: bright aisle of food - milk bottle in hand.
scene_heading: EXT. COMIC MAN'S STREET - MORNING 88
text: Sam sees a police car parked in Comic Man's driveway. He
text: stares at it, while approaching the front porch.
text: A COP steps out of the backyard, waving Sam away from the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: coP
dialog: Hey... um... you can't go in there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 88
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: coP
dialog: Are you a friend or family?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I just know the guy... not very
dialog: well...
speaker_heading: coP
text: The neighbor found him. He committed
dialog: suicide.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Oh my God. He didn't seem suicidal.
text: The cop debates answering....
speaker_heading: coP
dialog: Ahhhh... I've been in the man's house
dialog: for two hours. There was something
dialog: wrong with him.
text: Sam nods. What else can he say?
scene_heading: EXT. COMIC MAN'S STREET - MORNING 89
text: Further down the street, Sam hides behind some bushes - spying
text: on the police. He watches the cop car pull out of the driveway
dialog: and cruise off.
text: Sam cuts behind some hedges, sneaking into the nearest
text: backyard.
scene_heading: EXT. COMIC MAN'S BACKYARD - MORNING 90
text: Sam pries open Comic Man's kitchen window.
scene_heading: INT. COMIC MAN'S BEDROOM - MORNING 91
text: Sam stands in the doorway of the bedroom. The sheets are
text: covered in blood stains. The bed appears wet.
text: Removing the secret panel from the wall, Sam crouches before
text: the security monitors and VCR.
text: He starts to rewind the tape.
text: Waiting, Sam notices the Moonstones cereal box sitting near
text: the monitor. He glances at the East Los Angeles map on back
dialog: Treasure Hunt! Fun Prizes!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 91
text: The tape whirls and spins. Sam presses PLAY and watches the
text: security camera footage.
text: An onscreen clock reads:
text: 3:00 AM
text: Dull shots of dim and empty rooms. Nothing happening.
text: Something catches Sam's eye. There's movement on the screen.
text: A woman climbs through the side window of the living room -
text: feet and legs first. The movement of a dancer
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ohhhh fuck.
text: Sam watches the monitor - transfixed and disturbed by the odd
dialog: image.
text: Onscreen is a beautiful woman - naked except for her owl-skin
text: cap, red lipstick and overgrown bush.
text: The OWL'S KISS walks carefully, nearly creeping across the
text: living room. She steps out of frame on her way to the bedroom.
text: Sam stares in surprise and a bit of horror
text: He rewinds the tape, watching the Owl's Kiss enter one more
text: time. A dangling foot connected to a face of taxidermied bird
dialog: skin.
text: Sam presses PAUSE - freezing the naked figure mid-step - in
text: all her disturbing glory.
scene_heading: EXT. COMIC MAN'S STREET - MORNING 92
text: Gripping the old Moonstones cereal box in his hand, Sam rushes
text: down the street - frightened. He appears more mad than usual
text: by the light of day.
text: Sam holds his cell phone up to his ear
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Allen!
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: Hey sir. How are you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm fine. Mostly fine. Um... I was
dialog: wondering if you might know how I can
dialog: get in touch with Jesus?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 92
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: I'm the wrong guy to ask
speaker_heading: SAM
text: The lead singer from the band.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: No, I know. I'm just fucking with you.
dialog: What are you doing right now?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Walking home.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: You play chess?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Not well.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: That'11 work. I'll be outside your
dialog: place in ten minutes.
text: A dog BARKS loudly from behind a fence.
text: Sam steps quickly - eyes darting around the serene
dialog: neighborhood.
scene_heading: INT. ALLEN'S CAR - MORNING 93
text: Still in the same clothes, looking sweaty and terrible, Sam
text: sits in the passenger seat of Allen's beat-up Ford Focus.
text: Allen turns the car, driving into a rich neighborhood off
dialog: Hillhurst.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: He's just some cable tv actor who
dialog: likes to have people around... throws
dialog: these chess parties... with hot chicks
dialog: and guys who like to play chess.
text: Allen pulls up in front of a modest white mansion near the
dialog: Greek Theater.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD POOL - MORNING 94
text: A BATHING BEAUTY leads Sam and Allen through the large
text: backyard to a small chess table near the pool.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 94
text: Everyone sits poolside at small tables with chess boards.
text: Pretty girls and handsome guys. Moving Pawns and Pieces.
text: Old school bathing beauties deliver drinks to the players.
text: Mimosas and other fun late morning cocktails.
text: A few girls swim in the pool. Aware of their beauty and not
text: concerned with privacy or modesty, they talk and laugh freely.
text: Allen moves his Pawn forward. King's Pawn to E4. Sam glances
text: at the board and moves his pawn to A6.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: That's a terrible move.
text: Sam grabs a mimosa from a passing waitress. He sips the drink
text: as he scans the yard. Allen stares down at the board, debating
dialog: and analyzing.
text: Sam sees the Shooting Star girls, both #1 and #2, seated
text: alongside a chess table with two handsome young men.
text: Looking further, he sees Meek Bride and Reading Glasses Bride
text: sitting Indian-style on the grass - a checkered board and
text: cheese plate between them. In their lace gowns, they are
text: polished bohemian perfection.
text: Then... Sam spots Jesus at a small chess table, engaged ina
text: game with the third and last of the Brides - Clara Bow Bride.
text: Jesus is ever-shirtless. Eternally handsome and miraculously
dialog: thin.
text: Sam stares for a moment. Debating his next move.
text: Sam notices a RED BALLOON floating over the pool past his
text: view. It's connected to a long ribbon tied to the wrist of
text: Balloon Girl. She's sitting on the far side of the pool,
text: playing a game of chess with Emerald Beauty.
text: Sam waves to Balloon Girl and she smiles in his direction, but
text: quickly turns her attention back to the game.
text: Allen moves his Knight to F3, nodding to himself, but still
text: debating his choice.
text: Sam watches as Jesus stands from his chair and walks toward
text: the main house. A lanky and sexual strut.
text: Sam takes a gulp from his mimosa and sets it on the table,
text: moving his Knight forward to C6.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'll be right back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 94
text: Allen doesn't look up. He remains fixated on the chess board -
text: particularly Sam's advanced Knight.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: You sure you wanna do that?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yup.
text: Sam follows Jesus, walking toward the back door of the
text: Mansion. Allen stares at the Pieces and Pawns shaking his
dialog: head.
scene_heading: INT. MODEST MANSION - MORNING 95
text: Sam watches Jesus step into the rear bathroom. He closes the
text: old mahogany door.
text: Sam walks straight down the hall, opens the door and steps
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 96
text: Jesus is on the toilet with his pants around his ankles. He
text: looks up at Sam.
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: What the fuck man?! I'm takin' a shit!
text: Sam says nothing. He closes the door and grabs the skinny man
text: by the neck, pushing him onto the floor.
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: Get the fuck off me!
text: Sam punches Jesus in the stomach, silencing him quickly. The
text: man gasps for air as Sam hovers over him - fists shaking.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Why did you put a code in the song?
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Two men in a strange position on the bathroom rug.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What are those tunnels for?
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: what?
text: Sam punches Jesus in the face. Jesus almost starts to cry,
text: exhaling in rough shakes and fits.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 96
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: Why are you hitting me?
text: Sam pushes his finger in the emaciated rock star's face.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Your song, "Turning Teeth".... there's
dialog: a fucking code in it. I wanna know why
dialog: you put it there and what it means.
text: Jesus says nothing, turning his head away, trying to avoid the
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: Help.
text: Sam grabs his thin arm and bends it backwards, twisting it at
dialog: the elbow.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Fucking tell me!
text: Jesus sobs and writhes in pain.
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: I don't know anything about a code.
text: Sam twists harder.
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: Ahhhhhhh.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How could you not know? You wrote the
dialog: fucking song.
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: No. I didn't. I wrote most of the
dialog: songs, but not that one.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: Honestly. My label gave me a few songs
dialog: to record... the rest are all mine.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Which songs did they give you?
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: Turning Teeth... Wire Mountains... and
dialog: Waltz of the Christian Shit Farmers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Rea te cate to reat tate
dialog: For the taste of yar e~ Coca Cote
dialog: Wher you ash lor it Be sure you get &
dialog: ie
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 104
dialog: (2) 96
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So all the hits?
text: Jesus looks back - pissed.
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: There's no reason to belittle me, man.
text: Sam ignores his reply, twisting him arm back a bit more.
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: Ahhhhhhh.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So who wrote the songs?
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: They were delivered anonymously. I got
text: a call from somebody at the label.
dialog: They weren't bullshitting. They knew
dialog: everybody and everything that
dialog: mattered. They said not to ask anyone
dialog: about it, but that I needed to record
dialog: the songs or I'd lose my contract. I
dialog: believed him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You have no idea who wrote your own
dialog: hit song? They didn't say anything?
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: He never gave me a name. No. He just
dialog: said that it was an important piece of
text: music by the songwriter.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thee songwriter?
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: Yeah. The songwriter.
text: Sam considers this for a moment. Jesus stares up at him with
text: tears on his face - his mascara streaking down over his cheek
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD POOL - MORNING 97
text: Near the bath house, Balloon Girl is chatting with Shooting
text: Stars #1 and #2 - all dressed in their cute bathing suits and
text: matching shawls. The girls notice Sam approaching fast. He
text: appears hyper-focused and disheveled.
text: Sam grabs Shooting Star #1 by the arm and pulls her aside.
text: Balloon Girl and Shooting Star #2 hover nearby - concerned.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 97
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey...
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Remember the party you told me about?
dialog: The gated neighborhood owned by some
dialog: songwriter? Could you take me there?
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: Uh huh.
scene_heading: EXT. ABERDEEN AVENUE - MORNING 98
text: Sam walks with the girls, passing by another beautiful mansion
text: - a long stretch of perfect green grass. The girls wear their
text: bathing suits and matching shawls. Clickety clacking in their
dialog: heels.
text: Sam is in yesterday's clothes - sweat stained and soiled.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So how do you all know each other?
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: We're roommates...
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: And we work together.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh.
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #2
dialog: We're all Shooting Stars.
text: Sam looks over at Balloon Girl. She strides down the sidewalk
text: with young confidence.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Balloon Girl)
dialog: You too?
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I didn't know you were an actress.
speaker_heading: BALLOON GIRL
dialog: I was on a soap opera between the ages
dialog: of 5 and 6 months.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 98
text: Sam nods - accepting this as common. The gang walks a bit
text: further down the sidewalk
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Are we getting close?
scene_heading: SHOOTING STAR #1
dialog: It's not far from here.
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON ROAD - DAY 99
text: Sam and the girls stand before a giant stone wall lining a
text: long stretch of some unmarked canyon road. They hug and say
text: their goodbyes.
text: Walking away, Balloon Girl waves to Sam as he begins to climb
text: the wall.
scene_heading: EXT. GATED CANYON SUBURB - DAY 100
text: Peeking out of the trees, Sam sees a wide and perfect suburban
text: street. Several giant houses dot the road. No people or cars
dialog: in sight.
text: Sam walks through the neighborhood. It's like a ghost town. He
text: passes deserted estate houses moving through the canyon
text: valley... tarp and plastic over furniture and empty parlor
dialog: rooms.
text: Rounding the bend, Sam sees a large stone mansion at the base
text: of the hill - reminiscent of Hearst Castle.
text: Sam sneaks closer.
scene_heading: EXT. STONE MANSION - CONTINUOUS 101
text: Sam walks around back through the trees discovering a Greek
text: pillared pool and grotto.
text: Towering and enormous windows span the rear of the mansion.
text: Looking through the glass, Sam sees a giant vaulted ceiling.
text: Sweeping arches. An enormous and ornate music hall.
text: In the center of the room is a grand piano. Behind it, sits a
text: very old and ugly white man. He is the SONGWRITER.
text: The songwriter tilts his head, seeing Sam in the bushes. He
text: waves the young man inside.
text: Sam hesitates, but the Songwriter continues to wave him
dialog: closer.
text: Sam steps out of the grass onto the marble patio near the
text: sparkling blue pool.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 101
text: He opens the glass doors, and pokes his head into the grand
dialog: hall.
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: Come inside.
scene_heading: INT. MUSIC ROOM - CONTINUOUS 102
text: Keeping his distance, Sam stands near the doorway looking
text: across the room at the old man on the piano bench.
text: The Songwriter has wild grey hair. His skin is cracked and
text: brittle. Old beyond belief.
text: The hall is filled with mirrors, gold and vintage music art -
text: like some warped version of Versailles.
text: An oversized poster of a vintage 50's album hangs above the
dialog: piano: "Julie is her Name".
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You wrote "Turning Teeth" for Jesus
dialog: and the Brides of Dracula. I know it
dialog: was you.
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And the code in the music. I found the
dialog: tunnels... and the bomb shelter
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: Ok.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What does it all mean?
text: The Songwriter beckons Sam closer. Directing him to a small
text: stool facing the piano.
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: Come and sit down. Here.
text: Sam steps closer, looking at the musical instruments lining
text: the walls and floor. Guitars, a harpsichord, violins
dialog: ukuleles, etcetera.
text: Sam notices a Sonic Blue Fender Mustang guitar propped on a
text: floor stand. He points to it, staring in awe.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Is that Kurt Cobain's Fender Mustang
dialog: guitar?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 102
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: Oh I'm not sure. Probably. I don't
dialog: remember. I have so many things.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Can I pick it up?
text: The Songwriter doesn't care. He shrugs his shoulders. Sure.
text: Sam carefully lifts the guitar and sits with it on the stool.
text: Running his hand along the finish, Sam mumbles and takes note
text: of the guitar's neck and bridge. He strums a G chord and looks
text: up at the old man behind the giant and ornate grand piano.
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: I don't always worry what the message
dialog: is. I just pass it along... I slip it
dialog: between the notes... and hide it away
dialog: for the people who know it's there.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You've done this before? The codes?
text: The Songwriter laughs. He starts to play "Stairway to Heaven"
text: but transitions into "Macarena"
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: I wrote most of the music your dad
dialog: grew up on, half of what you sang
dialog: along to as a kid, and I'm still doin'
text: it. These teenagers are dancing to
dialog: myyyy music.
text: Sam sees clear tubes running into the old man's nostrils -
text: connected to a silver canister marked with Japanese letters.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You're telling me that there are
dialog: messages hidden in old pop songs?
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: Movies and television shows...
dialog: everything you know.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Why?
text: The songwriter ignores Sam. Humming along to a few random
text: chords. Is that the theme song to "The Facts of Life"?
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
text: Pop culture. Ugh. It floats away like
text: tissue paper. I blow my nose.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 102
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER (cont'd)
text: I find an old Kleenex, I recycle it.
dialog: It becomes your wedding song.
text: The old man taps a few notes from "I Want to Know What Love
dialog: Is".
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What are the tunnels for? Is there
dialog: gonna be a war?
text: The Songwriter looks away, playing "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" across
text: the piano keys.
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: I don't know. I'm just trying to make
dialog: a living. Earn a few dollars.
text: Sam looks around at the luxurious space.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: But you have everything.
text: The Songwriter is quiet for a moment. He looks out at the
text: trees against the hillside.
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: No.
text: Sam pulls out the photo of Sarah. He holds it up for the
dialog: Songwriter to see.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Did you know this girl?
text: The old man leans forward and looks at the picture. He shakes
text: his head.
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: She's pretty.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: She was killed along with Jefferson
dialog: Sevence. But I think you knew that.
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: I didn't.
text: The Songwriter slams his hands down forming a low and
text: resonating chord - letting it ring out. He plays another
text: chord, slowly beginning to sing something resembling a funeral
dialog: dirge.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: 102 CONTINUED: (3) 102
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: (singing)
text: Mulattoooo. Albinoooo. Mosquitoooo.
dialog: Libidoooo.
text: Sam stares at the man in horror. He glances down at the
text: priceless guitar in his own hands.
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: I don't care what's fashionable or
dialog: cool. It's all silly and meaningless.
dialog: I've created so many of the things
dialog: that you care about... the songs that
dialog: give your life purpose and joy. When
dialog: you were fifteen and rebelling... you
dialog: did that to my music.
text: The Songwriter holds up his fingers and moves them like spider
text: legs - simultaneously playing the notes to Nirvana's "Smells
text: Like Teen Spirit" with his other hand.
text: Plink plink. Plink Plink plink
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: It wasn't written on a distorted
dialog: guitar... I wrote it... ona
text: piano...here... in between a blowjob
text: and an omelette. There's no rebellion.
dialog: There's only me... earning a paycheck.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I don't believe you.
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: Good. The real message was never
dialog: intended for you. It's better if you
dialog: just smile and dance. Enjoy the
dialog: melody.
text: The man plays more music, pointing to his chest.
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: This ugly old man, me, I'm the voice
dialog: of your generation, your
dialog: grandparent's, your parent's and the
dialog: young people who follow you.
text: Sam stares in horror. He doesn't want to believe.
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: It's funny... all the things you hope
dialog: for, and dreeeeam about being a part
dialog: of... they're all a fabrication.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 102 CONTINUED: (4) “102
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER (cont'd)
dialog: Your art, your writing, your culture
text: is the shell of other men's ambitions.
dialog: Ambitions beyond what you will ever
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's funny to you?
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: A little.
text: The old man coughs and wheezes - dancing his fingers merrily
text: across the keyboard - performing a quick mad mixture of Bach
text: Jesus and the Brides, Buddy Holly, N.W.A. and The Rolling
dialog: Stones.
speaker_heading: SONGWRITER
dialog: I wrote this... and this... that...
dialog: and this too...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Stop it.
text: The Songwriter laughs. His cackling along with the plinking
text: keys of the grand piano echoes through the gigantic hall.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Who paid you to write these songs?
text: The Songwriter smiles and nods as he reaches into his pocket.
text: He lifts up a small HANDGUN, aiming it at Sam's head.
dialog: BANG!
text: The bullet misses Sam as he tumbles sideways to the
text: floor.Cobain's guitar falling on his lap.
text: With a single hand, the Songwriter begins to play "What's the
text: Frequency Kenneth". He laughs and hums the melody.
dialog: BANG!
text: Sam dodges a second shot, ducking down below the piano.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What are the tunnels for?!
text: BANG! Another bullet flies by his head. The music still plays.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Tell me what happened to Sarah!
text: Sam charges the old man, raising the guitar over his head like
text: an axe. We hear the roar of guitar feedback. Warped notes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 102
dialog: BANG!
text: The bullet zips past Sam's ear as he swings the faded
text: turquoise guitar down onto the Songwriter's head.
speaker_heading: SMASH !
text: Bone cracks under the weight of maple and basswood. The
text: songwriter's skull crumbles. Brain matter lands on the ivory
text: keys. Distortion rumbles.
text: Sam swings it again, breaking the neck of the guitar from the
text: body... wire strings messily join the two pieces. The wooden
text: base hangs down like some holy instrument destroyed before a
text: crowd by Townshend, Hendrix or Cobain.
text: Sam stands over the old man. He drops the broken guitar,
text: breathing deeply.
text: The music room is quiet.
text: Frightened, Sam picks up the gun from the floor and stuffs it
text: into his jeans. He runs out the back door, leaving the room
text: empty and still.
text: The Songwriter lays motionless near the piano.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - DUSK 103
text: Sam leans out his patio door, drinking a beer - visibly
text: shaken. The wind blows through his hair.
text: A dark pink sky is visible over the rooftops.
text: Rain clouds approach. Lightning snaps across the horizon,
text: followed by the low rumble of thunder
text: The neighbor's bird CAWS loudly.
text: On the television, an old movie plays. It's the 1956 version
text: of "Invasion of the Body Snatchers". Kevin McCarthy runs
text: across the I-5 overpass screaming. Cars cruise along, ignoring
text: his crazed warning.
speaker_heading: KEVIN MCCARTHY
dialog: (on television)
dialog: You fools! You're in danger! Can't you
dialog: see?! They're after you! They're after
dialog: all of us! Our wives, our children
dialog: everyone! They're here already! You're
dialog: next! You're next! You're next!
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. RANCHO LOS FELIZ APARTMENTS - NIGHT 104
dialog: 105
text: The gas lamps that line the garden walkway offer dim pools of
text: orange light. Sam walks slowly through the apartment complex's
text: twisting paths.
text: The trickle of running water through the stream follows his
text: footsteps.
text: Sam sips an iced latte, carrying an LA Weekly under his arm.
text: Jesus and the Brides of Dracula pose on the cover. The
text: partially obscured headline reads:
scene_heading: JESUS PREDICTS... BAD TIMES AHEAD
text: A DIRTY HUMAN FACE peers out from within a bush - disturbingly
text: low to the ground like a cat or possum. Eyes watch Sam as he
text: passes - he doesn't notice.
text: Leaves and branches rattle above.
text: A squirrel falls from the tree in front of Sam. It hits the
text: concrete, and partially splatters on the ground.
text: The squirrel tries to move but it's mortally injured. Sam
text: stares in horror at the small animal.
dialog: Is it trying to say something?
text: Sam backs away from it and rushes down the path. He turns a
dialog: corner.
text: Before him stands a shadowy figure in the center of the garden
text: walkway.
text: Stepping closer, Sam sees more clearly.
text: It is a two-dimensional black cardboard figure of a man
text: stabbing a cardboard dog. Sam approaches the cut-out stand and
text: tips it over with his finger
text: It lands on the ground with a soft tap - like a leaf coming to
text: rest on the forest floor.
text: Glass shatters!
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 105
text: Sam lifts his head from the damp pillow. Rain pours against
text: the bedroom window. Thunder rumbles - long and steady.
text: A cascade of lightning illuminates the messy bedroom - the
text: Playboys on the floor. Issue July 1970.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 105
text: Sam hears glass breaking.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 106
text: Sam steps into the living room with pistol in hand. He sees a
text: hole in the glass of the sliding door... it's now half open.
text: The storm breeze moves across the blinds, blowing his
text: paperwork across the carpet. The pages of "Code Breakers" and
text: "Spider Man" flip wildly.
text: He moves closer to the patio. A careful step. Then another.
text: Behind Sam, a small cabinet door opens quietly. Long bare legs
text: fold out from within - like the appendages of an insect - bare
text: flesh stretches.
text: Now fully emerged from the tight space, the OWL'S KISS stands
text: behind Sam with a kitchen knife in her hand.
text: Sam turns and sees the naked woman in her owl-skin mask. He
text: jumps back as she silently sprints down the hall into his
text: bedroom. The door closes.
text: Sam stares in shock at the closed bedroom door.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 107
text: Sam enters the room carefully, peeking inside with the gun.
text: He turns on the bedroom light. She's not here.
text: Sam checks under the bed... in the closet... nothing.
text: Lightning flashes. A coyote HOWLS in the distance.
text: Tense. Sam opens his dresser drawer. The gun angled down
text: toward his socks and underwear
dialog: Knock! Knock! Knock!
text: Sam turns toward the sound...
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 108
dialog: Knock! Knock! Knock! Knock!
text: Sam looks through the peep hole and sees a Los Angeles Sheriff
text: on the other side.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (whispers to himself)
dialog: Fuck.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 108
text: He holds his dizzy head as the air leaves his lungs in exodus.
text: Sam tries to breathe as he opens the door. Resigned to
text: whatever happens. His shoulders slump.
text: In the hallway, alongside the SHERIFF, stands the greasy
text: haired apartment Manager. His face is puckered and sour
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Hi, I'm here to inform you that you
dialog: have to evacuate the premises
dialog: immediately.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh... This is about my rent?
text: Sam seems relieved for a moment. It could be worse.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Yes. You haven't paid. It's...
speaker_heading: MANAGER
text: Criminally overdue.
text: Sam takes a step closer to the Sheriff.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Is there any way I could have a couple
dialog: more days?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: No. I don't think so.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Please. I don't have anywhere to go.
dialog: I'm close to getting the money. I
dialog: promise I am.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Listen... I don't like this either
dialog: Worst part of my job, ok?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: I can give you two more days... but
dialog: that's it. If you can't pay I will not
dialog: be the nice guy you see right now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 108
text: The Manager wears a heavy scowl - irritated by the officer's
dialog: leniency.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: I want him out today.
text: The Sheriff turns to the angry Manager.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Hey! I'm taking care of this. Don't be
dialog: greedy.
text: The Manager nods his head as the Sheriff looks back at Sam.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Two days.
text: He holds up two fingers in front of his nose.
scene_heading: EXT. SAM'S APARTMENT BALCONY - NIGHT 109
text: The rain has stopped. Water drips from the eaves.
text: Sam smokes on the patio listening to the parrot caw.
text: A garbage can falls over.
text: RATTLE CLANG!
text: Sam looks down toward the pool and sees a small COYOTE digging
text: through the trash. It stares up at him.
text: The animal turns and walks down the sidewalk. Sam watches -
dialog: intensely.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVERLAKE NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT 110
text: Wearing his white undershirt and pajama pants, Sam follows the
text: coyote down the street.
text: The coyote glances back at him, then scampers along.
dialog: Down Griffith Park Boulevard...
dialog: Past apartments and condos...
text: Into the hillside neighborhood...
dialog: Expensive homes... Beautiful cars...
dialog: Things you can't possess...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 110
text: Sam follows the wild animal through the streets. He stares up
text: at the world around him. Voices and laughter within the homes.
text: Families together in front of giant televisions.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVERLAKE HOME - NIGHT 111
text: The coyote runs up the DRIVEWAY of a LARGE SILVERLAKE HOME. It
text: disappears into the trees.
text: Sam stands in front of the house and looks through the front
text: window. People are everywhere. A big party is taking place.
text: Music pours from inside.
text: Sam notices a familiar face in profile through the picture
dialog: window.
text: It is Millicent Sevence.
text: She disappears into the crowd.
scene_heading: INT. LARGE SILVERLAKE HOME - NIGHT 112
text: Sam walks through the party in his damp white undershirt. He
text: scans the crowd for Millicent.
text: He passes a myriad of conversations. We hear only pieces of
dialog: them.
text: Sam moves deeper, bumping shoulders as he cranes his neck -
text: trying to look above it all.
scene_heading: FACELESS PARTY GOER
dialog: It's such a cliche! Being special
dialog: isn't special anymore. It's just so
dialog: obvious. The real trick is to find a
dialog: way to be unimportant but still get
dialog: noticed.
text: Sam passes through the swarming patches of conversation and
text: networking. A COMPLIMENTING WOMAN notices Sam's shirt as she
text: walks by.
speaker_heading: COMPLIMENTING WOMAN
dialog: Oh I like your shirt.
text: Sam looks down at his lightly stained, old, Hanes sleep shirt.
text: He tugs at the cotton.
text: Moving deeper, Sam walks by the PARTY HOST. She's engaged in
text: conversation with a pretty woman. Sam recognizes her... it's
text: Chesty Woman... the girl he spied via the drone's video feed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: 112 CONTINUED: 112
speaker_heading: PARTY HOST
dialog: I really want to become a professional
dialog: vagabond. Travel the entiiiiire world.
speaker_heading: CHESTY WOMAN
dialog: Pleeeeease... bring me along.
speaker_heading: PARTY HOST
dialog: I'd love to. You can be my
dialog: photographer.
text: The aspiring travelers laugh together. Sam turns and spins,
text: looking for Millicent.
text: Nearby, GOSSIPING MAN engages in conversation with GOSSIPING
speaker_heading: WOMAN.
speaker_heading: GOSSIPING MAN
dialog: (pointing at girl)
dialog: That girl is the youngest woman to
dialog: ever write, produce, direct and sound
dialog: design her own network sitcom.
text: Gossiping Man casually points to a twelve-year-old girl eating
text: cake, surrounded by young adults and two security men in
text: suits. She's the ADOLESCENT PRODIGY.
speaker_heading: GOSSIPING WOMAN
dialog: How old is she?
speaker_heading: GOSSIPING MAN
text: Twelve, but she's clearly an old soul.
text: The Gossiping Woman nods her head, glancing back at the
text: Adolescent Prodigy as the young girl giggles and rudely stuffs
text: her finger in her nose.
speaker_heading: GOSSIPING MAN
dialog: Honestly... she's really captured the
dialog: zeitgeist. I don't think any adult
dialog: could ever express the kind of deep
text: understanding that she has over her
dialog: material.
speaker_heading: GOSSIPING WOMAN
dialog: I'm embarrassed I haven't seen it yet.
speaker_heading: GOSSIPING MAN
dialog: You should be.
text: A beautiful Indian woman bumps into Sam. He turns and looks
text: into her eyes. It's the girl from the Contact Lens Billboard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: 112 CONTINUED: (2) 112
text: She looks back at Sam - holding hands with a very HANDSOME MAN
text: in a tailored suit. Her name, for the sake of this story, is
speaker_heading: EX.
speaker_heading: EX
dialog: Um. Hey. How are you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm good.
speaker_heading: EX
dialog: I'm really glad to hear that.
text: The beautiful woman offers Sam an honest and heartfelt look
text: He's silenced by her sincerity.
speaker_heading: EX
dialog: Uh... this is my fiance.
text: Sam looks over, fumbles, then shakes hands with the Handsome
dialog: Man.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh. Hello. Congratulations.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME MAN
dialog: Thank you.
text: Ex nervously twirls her finger through her hair
speaker_heading: EX
dialog: Yes, thank you.
text: Sam nods and smiles, waiting for it to end.
speaker_heading: EX
dialog: So... how's... work?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh. It's ok.
text: His face doesn't sell the lie. The beautiful woman plays along
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: EX
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I saw your... billboard.
speaker_heading: EX
dialog: Oh cool. Which one?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 112
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: There's more than one?
text: The girl grins and nods her head - a long and awkward moment.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: On Los Feliz near Bigfoot.
speaker_heading: EX
dialog: Cool. Cool. I'm glad it's gettin' out
dialog: there. You know... always workin'
dialog: hard. Gotta keep tryin'
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yup. Same here.
text: Handsome Man squeezes her hand gently. Ex glances over, then
text: steps towards Sam to offer a quick goodbye hug.
speaker_heading: EX
dialog: Well... it was great seeing you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah. Yeah. You too.
text: Sam watches Ex walk away with Handsome Man.
text: In the distance, he sees Millicent stepping into a nearby
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. SILVERLAKE HOUSE ART ROOM - NIGHT 113
text: Millicent stands before a beautiful flower painting. She
text: focuses on it.
text: Sam steps alongside her and admires the petunia painting in
dialog: tandem.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: It's beautiful, right?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It is.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Do you know who painted it?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Gaynor. Janet Gaynor. The actress.
text: Sam looks back at Millicent with a bright expression.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: 113
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh. My mom likes her.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: I like her too.
text: Sam nods and smiles.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: You know who I am?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah.
text: There's a sadness about Millicent that Sam suddenly
text: recognizes. A soft tone guides their encounter.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I was friends with one of the girls
dialog: that was with your dad. She was a nice
dialog: person.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I've been trying to find out what
dialog: happened to her.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Do you know anything?
scene_heading: 114 EXT. SILVERLAKE RESERVOIR - NIGHT 114
text: The WATER within the RESERVOIR is calm, reflecting the moon's
text: glow. A few ducks quack and drift along as herons fly
text: overhead.
text: Sam and Millicent walk together along the outer fence that
text: surrounds the giant water reserve.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: What do you think it all means?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: I don't know. I can't see it yet. But
dialog: I'm close... I think.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 114
text: They step together in unison over the remaining puddles from
text: the evening rain storm.
text: Near the fence, Sam and Millicent pass a DOG MEMORIAL complete
text: with a BRONZE DOG STATUE and a plaque.
text: Photos of deceased dogs and puppies are taped to the fence.
dialog: Victims of the Dog Killer
text: Flowers cover the ground around it.
text: Paper signs with handwritten messages surround the photos:
dialog: We miss you Fluffy
dialog: Benny was the best dog a man ever had
dialog: Mr. Spot R.I.P.
dialog: God will judge you, dog killer!
text: Sam and the young woman slow down before the odd little
text: memorial. Millicent reacts with pain at the discovery of each
text: dog's expression. Pictures of the dead.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: I don't know if we should be walking
dialog: around here at night.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I think we're safe. We don't have a
dialog: dog with us.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Yeah, but anybody who could kill a dog
dialog: wouldn't think twice about killing a
dialog: person.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm not sure that's true.
text: They walk a bit further. Sam reaches over and takes
text: Millicent's hand in his own.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Are you a dog or a cat person?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Eh... It's hard to say. I got bit by
dialog: my grandparents' terrier when I was a
dialog: kid. I guess they kinda scare me a
dialog: little bit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 114
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: That's terrible. I like dogs... but
dialog: cats are good too.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah.
text: They walk further, looking out at the water across the
text: reservoir. Moonlight and stars reflect against the mirrored
text: surface of the man-made lake.
text: Sam look at Millicent's gentle and beautiful face. She looks
text: back at him with a nearly imperceptible grin. They share a
text: moment of connection. Unspoken, and stronger for it.
text: Two small figures under a dark sky - rounding the giant lake.
text: Up ahead, a LONG HAIRED WINO sits against the fence. As Sam
text: and Millicent approach, he leans forward and shouts.
scene_heading: LONG HAIRED WINO
dialog: Haaahh! !
text: Sam glares at the man, moving Millicent to the outer edge of
text: the sidewalk. Street chivalry.
scene_heading: LONG HAIRED WINO
dialog: Got a little change?
text: Sam looks down. Irritated by the question. Disgusted by the
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (resentful)
dialog: Nope. Sorry.
text: Sam avoids the man's feet, extended onto the walkway - an
dialog: intentional obstacle.
scene_heading: LONG HAIRED WINO
dialog: No money to spare, huh? Does the lady
dialog: know you're cheap?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Fuck you.
scene_heading: LONG HAIRED WINO
dialog: Ugly ass piece of shit worthless trash
dialog: motherfucker. You're more broke than I
dialog: am. Fuck you! I'll kill you, cock
dialog: sucker. Come back here and sit down
dialog: next to poppa. I'll shit in your
dialog: mouth. Asshole fuckin' dickwad, piece
dialog: o' shit, son of a bitch....
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 114
text: Sam and the pretty girl walk away from the homeless man - hand
text: in hand. A beautiful evening stroll.
text: Long Haired Wino continues to curse in the distance. Shouting
text: like an animal.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (speaking softly)
dialog: I know it's not ok to say this, but I
dialog: really fucking hate the homeless.
dialog: Everyone says they need our help but I
dialog: think they're bullies. They're like...
text: poltergeists.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: You mean ghosts?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah... all they do is float around on
dialog: the periphery... watching people eat
dialog: tasty food, drink beer and be in
dialog: love... and they can't participate...
dialog: so they get jealous and harass us.
text: Millicent raises her brow.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Maybe just give 'em a dollar next
dialog: time?
text: Sam takes a breath and looks back - still angry about the
dialog: encounter.
text: Millicent says nothing, smiling in response to Sam's
text: overreaction. She looks towards the reservoir
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Have you ever been in there?
text: Millicent points to the serene water beyond the fence.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: In the reservoir?
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Eh eh.
text: Millicent starts to climb the fence. Designer shoes scuffed
text: through the chain links. Delicate hands pulling her higher.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 114
text: Sam stands there, watching. She looks down at him - a giant
text: grin on her face. A pretty girl hanging from a fence like a
dialog: cat.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Come on.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVERLAKE INNER RESERVOIR - NIGHT 115
text: Standing at the edge of the concrete water basin, Millicent
text: and Sam take off their clothes.
text: Now in the water, the pair swim toward the center of the
text: reservoir. Quietly. Knowing glances between them. Naked bodies
text: just below the surface.
text: House lights are visible against the hillside landscape around
text: them. A dark sea in the backyards of people's homes.
text: This is sacred territory and they both feel it.
text: Treading water in the middle of the reservoir, Sam and
text: Millicent face each other - occasionally looking up and over
text: at the dark hills which cup them like hands holding bath
dialog: water.
text: The night sky, the stars and the moon settle along the surface
dialog: of the lake.
text: Millicent moves in. Closer to Sam. She nuzzles her cheek
text: against his neck. Hands touching skin under the water.
text: She kisses his ear. Whispering very close and quiet...
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I think someone is following me.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Are you kidding?
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I wanted it to look like we're here to
dialog: screw.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: We're not?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 115
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: (whsipering)
dialog: I found something hidden in my dad's
dialog: office.
text: Under the water, Millicent pulls a silver bracelet off her
text: wrist and slips it onto Sam's arm.
text: He raises his forearm along the surface of the water and
text: stares at the circular band. It looks like Sarah's bracelet -
text: inscriptions of small letters and numbers etched within the
dialog: silver.
scene_heading: NPM 1 35 to 37 - C3 to E6
text: Sam focuses on the inscription.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: C3 to E6. Sounds like a chess move.
dialog: Did your dad play chess?
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: He did.
dialog: Pop!
text: Water splashes in front of them. A bullet hitting the water. A
text: silenced shot from the dark shore.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What the...
text: Tiny splashes appear along the surface of the lake over
text: Millicent's shoulder. Quiet gunfire.
dialog: Pop! Pop!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Get under the water.
text: Sam takes a giant breath and dives down beneath the surface.
text: He pulls on Millicent's arm, but they're separated in the
dialog: chaos.
text: Deeper he goes.
text: Bubbles and swirling liquid blur Sam's vision. He swims under
text: the water as bullets spread around him - diving like penguins.
text: Sam sees her...
dialog: Dropping...
text: Through the blue water...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 115
text: Millicent sinks down past Sam - on her back - blood streaming
text: up from a small hole in her naked chest. Bubbles pour from her
text: red lips. She appears to stare at us, but it's hard to say.
text: Her hands cover her breasts, unknowingly mirroring Sam's most
text: treasured Playboy cover. July 1970.
text: A beautiful woman. His earliest fantasy. Dropping into the
dialog: depths of the reservoir
text: Sam is overwhelmed by the terrible sight.
text: Water pours off his body as he climbs up the concrete
text: embankment along the edge of the lake.
text: Naked and frantic, Sam reaches the fence and climbs.
scene_heading: EXT. RANCHO LOS FELIZ APARTMENTS - NIGHT 116
text: Sam walks quickly down the garden path - still naked and wet.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - MORNING 117
text: Sam wakes up. Naked on his living room carpet. The silver
text: bracelet around his wrist.
text: He stares at the inscription around the band, twisting it with
text: his hand. The sun is bright through the open patio door.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: C3 to E6. C3 to E6?
text: The neighbor's parrot CAWS from across the way.
speaker_heading: PARROT
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: Nawwwwwddduuumeennndd
text: Sam stares at the bracelet.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: What the fuck are you saying?
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - DAY 118
text: Sam opens an old Milton Bradley chess box. He flips the board
text: out and grabs his black Sharpie marker
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: C3... to...
text: Sam circles the square C3 on the chess board - drawing an
text: arrow towards E6 across the checkered boxes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: oo ee
dialog: 
dialog: 8
dialog: 7
dialog: 6
dialog: 5
dialog: 4
dialog: 3
dialog: 2
dialog: 1
dialog: 
dialog: a fa a Ba h1
speaker_heading: abcdefgh
dialog: 
dialog: 118
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 118
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: E6.
text: Sam circles the E6 square with his marker.
text: He stares at the board, spinning it around on the carpet. What
dialog: does it means?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hm.
text: Sam looks back at the bracelet.
speaker_heading: SAM
scene_heading: NPM 1 35 to 37. NPM. NPM. What the
dialog: fuck is NPM?
text: Sam sits with his laptop, typing the letters NPM into Google
dialog: Search.
text: He scans the resulting page... nothing makes sense.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: N. P.M.
text: Sam runs his hands through his messy hair in frustration. He
text: looks across the carpet and sees the old Nintendo
dialog: Entertainment System.
text: An idea sparks.
text: Reaching across the floor, Sam grabs a stack of Nintendo Power
dialog: Magazines.
text: He sorts through the covers, finding the first issue. Mario
text: smiles, leaping from a mushroom - a carrot in his hand.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: NPM issue number one. Fuck.
text: The pages fly past us like a piece of animation, flipped
text: across Sam's thumb.
text: He settles on pages 35, 36 and 37.
text: It's a subdivided map from "The Legend of Zelda". Sam smiles
text: as he notices the alphanumeric grids that cover the map. He
text: circles the squares corresponding to C3 and E6.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What the fuck do I do with this?
text: Outside, the parrot CACKLES. Children splash in the pool.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ee eee ook eee esl
dialog: Vielen ee ee es Sit) eee ae]
dialog: “1 ST el oe
dialog: ae Cee aa ee en oe
dialog: saan pam —+ Se eeiediiil Keele
dialog: 
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 118
text: Sam looks across the room and notices the Moonstones cereal
text: box sitting on the counter. He runs to it.
text: Tearing it open, he tastes one of the cereal bites. Repulsed
text: by the ancient stale food, he spits it onto the floor as he
text: digs deeper into the box with a single hand.
text: From the bottom, he pulls out a prize. A plastic-wrapped
dialog: transparency-map of Los Angeles covered with Moonstone
text: characters and bright colors.
text: He opens the wrapper and pulls out the map...
text: Holding the cartoon map of LA over the Zelda map, Sam realizes
text: that they line up perfectly.
dialog: E6 corresponds to the Silverlake reservoir
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So that's the reservoir. And...
text: C3 is a wooded section of Mt. Hollywood.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Mt. Hollywood?
text: Sam opens google maps and brings up the Los Angeles overhead
text: map. He zooms in. Tighter and tighter on the rear section of
dialog: Mt. Hollywood.
text: A small square of forest is BLACKED OUT. A solid graphic
dialog: marked with text:
dialog: Satellite Image Unavailable
text: Sam stares at the small hidden square. He hits his hand down
text: against the couch.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What the fuck is in there?
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES RIVER TRAIL - DAY 119
text: Sam races up the path along the LA river on an old BMX bike.
text: He's wearing a red hoodie over his head, looking like a man-
text: child from a Steven Spielberg movie.
text: He stands on the pedals and lifts his head into the wind -
text: looking toward the tall green hills beyond the river
text: He pedals faster. A man on a bicycle heading toward adventure.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: — to _— > e+
dialog: 7| ee: a: es ee Ms Do t=]
dialog: ok | em RS [cS BS
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 130
scene_heading: 120 EXT. MOUNT HOLLYWOOD FOREST - DAY 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
text: Sam hikes through the woods, trudging up the hillside.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNT HOLLYWOOD FOREST - DAY 121
text: Sam reaches the tall wooden fence. He notices several painted
text: marks along the wall.
dialog: ///
text: Three parallel lines - diagonal from the top to the bottom of
text: the wall.
dialog: What does that mean?
text: Sam opens his wallet and pulls out a piece of scrap paper
text: filled with handwritten translations of Hobo Code.
dialog: It's the paper "key" created by Comic Man.
text: Sam runs his finger over the symbols, stopping alongside the
text: three parallel lines. The hobo translations is:
dialog: this is not a safe place
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNT HOLLYWOOD FOREST - DAY 122
text: Reaching a clearing, Sam steps through the trees and looks
dialog: ahead.
text: He sees a single straw hut in the middle of an overgrown
dialog: field.
text: A few Alberto Giacometti human-figure sculptures stand like
text: scarecrows within the grass. An eerie expression of the
text: emaciated human form. Tall or short... all with appendages
text: like twigs.
text: Sam walks toward the straw hut, checking the gun tucked into
text: his waist band.
text: He hears water splashing from inside. Delicately.
scene_heading: INT. STRAW HUT - DAY 123
text: Arriving at the doorway of the hut, Sam looks inside. He see a
text: fifty-nine-year-old man in a white gown, crouched on the
dialog: floor.
text: This man, the FINAL MAN, is washing the feet of three young
text: women in white rags. Sam recognizes their faces as they look
text: up from their seated positions along the wood floor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: 123 CONTINUED: 123
text: It's Troy, Fannie, and Mae. The girls in the White Rabbit.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hello?
text: The Final Man turns and faces Sam. He remains sitting Indian-
text: style in the center of the straw hut. The three beautiful
text: young women sitting in a row along the wall.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: Hello.
text: Silence. Sam waits for something to happen.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Um... yeah.
text: The girls cock their inquisitive heads as Sam clears his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: My friend Sarah was killed. These
dialog: girls know something about it.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: Why do you assume that?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I saw her taking things from Sarah's
dialog: apartment.
text: Sam points at Troy. She smiles as his finger singles her out.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I found a code in their friend's song.
dialog: I've been in the tunnels.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: Alright.
text: The Final Man calmly pours several cups of tea into tiny
text: porcelain containers. He passes them out to the girls - taking
dialog: one for himself.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: Please sit down. Drink with us.
text: Sam sits against the wall, staring at the man and his triad
dialog: harem.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 132.
scene_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (2) 123
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I found a bunker down there. Some kind
dialog: of shelter in case of a nuclear war.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: It's not a shelter.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What is it then?
text: The Final Man places a small cup of tea on the floor in front
dialog: of Sam.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
text: A tomb.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What?
text: Mae's face brightens with excitement. She looks to the Final
dialog: Man.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Was it ours?
text: The Man pats Mae on the leg - a comforting "I'll be with you
dialog: in a moment" gesture.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: They're tombs. For kings... like me.
dialog: Like Jefferson Sevence.
text: The girls begin to drink their tea.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Why would Jefferson Sevence need a
dialog: tomb underneath the city?
text: The Final Man glances over at his Ascension Brides. He makes a
text: face to them - suggesting that Sam doesn't "get it". Troy
text: grins back in adoration.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: A cemetery isn't good enough?
text: Sam glares at them all - growing more irritated with their
text: smug and holy demeanor.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: It's not about burial. It's about
dialog: ascension. We're not dying, we're
text: being transported to another world.
dialog: Somewhere better than this.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 133.
scene_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (3) 123
dialog: As the Final
dialog: him from his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Are you talking about heaven?
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: You'd have to be a fool to think that
dialog: poverty in this life equals wealth in
dialog: the next. I'm talking about something
dialog: exclusive and real. Our souls will be
dialog: pulled from our bodies and carried
text: through the unfathomable amniotic sac
dialog: that holds us here and prevents us
dialog: from true connection.
text: Man describes the birth-like barrier separating
text: bliss, he tugs at his cheeks - the skin on his
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: We will be beyond this universe and
dialog: living together as kings without
dialog: limitation. The pharoahs did it...
dialog: great men throughout history have done
dialog: the same.
text: Sam stares at the man, trying to make sense of it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Are you dying?
text: The man shakes his head, smiling at the course of Sam's
dialog: ignorant interrogation.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
text: I'm about to be sealed inside a tomb
dialog: with my beautiful brides...
text: The Final Man waves his hand, presenting his future wives.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: . and all my worldly treasures.
dialog: We'll have delicious meals and wine
dialog: and television and sex. Enough to last
dialog: us for six months.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And then you die?
text: The Final Man gulps his tea in a single shot - setting the cup
text: back on the tray.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: No. We wait to be ascended. Our souls
dialog: and all the gold I've managed to
dialog: collect will be transported.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 134.
scene_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (4) 123
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Enough to buy ourselves a position of
dialog: royalty in a world of perfection and
dialog: beauty.
text: Sam stares in disbelief. This is madness of course.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: Only the richest of men can afford
dialog: this ceremony. I'm not even gonna tell
dialog: you how many people you have to kill
dialog: for just one man... and three women...
text: He glances back at his grateful brides.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: . to reach the afterlife. The
dialog: requirements for sacrifice are so
dialog: specific... hair color, age, sex,
dialog: tooth alignment, dietary habits,
dialog: cancer formations... it takes a
dialog: fortune and and an army to catalog
dialog: these people and kill them according
dialog: to ritual.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Who did you kill?
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: It's expensive to build a tunnel
dialog: system and keep it hidden, but it
dialog: costs even more to murder people and
dialog: not be harassed about it. The
dialog: infrastructure, the management, the
dialog: bribery... all in the name of
text: something holy and pure.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Did you kill Sarah?
text: The Final Man pulls a bamboo framed photo off the wall near
text: the doorway. He offers it up to Sam.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: No one will find our chambers for a
dialog: thousand years. Future men will
dialog: understand that we were the modern
dialog: kings. Rulers without statues or
text: effigies.
text: Looking at the photo, Sam sees Jefferson Sevence in a white
text: gown - his arms around Sarah and her two roommates in white
text: rags. All sitting together within this very same straw shack.
text: Wide smiles across their faces. No fear or terror
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 135.
scene_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (5) 123
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: They were here?
text: Looking closer, Sam notices that Sarah's "How to Marry a
text: Millionaire" dolls are visible on the floor behind her
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Is Sarah alive?
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: She may have ascended already. I don't
dialog: know.
text: Sam points downward - growing more disgusted and horrified
text: with each revelation.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: She's in one of those tombs?
text: Fannie nods her head - a big smile of anticipation across her
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: With Sevence?
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: But they found his body.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: They found another man's bones mixed
dialog: with... most of Jefferson's teeth,
text: some of his skin, and all the organs
text: that he's able to live without.
text: Sam is taken aback - horrified by it all - a swirling sickness
text: in his head.
text: The white robed host and hostesses observe Sam as his
text: breathing changes - sweat forms on his skin.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: (signaling quotation
dialog: marks with his hands)
dialog: Did you think "heaven" was easy?
text: Sam looks down at his lap. He's unable to focus.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I never gave it much thought.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Ci Most Glamorous Eien Of Your Lifetime E
speaker_heading: INEmMaScOP
dialog: YOU SEE IT WITHOUT GLASSES!
scene_heading: MARILYN BETTY LAUREN
scene_heading: MONROE-6RABLE-BACALL
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: >
dialog: 
dialog: ) Se TT uh
scene_heading: nunwacey JOHNSON) TeAN in NEGULESCO wriaer JOHNSON:
dialog: 136.
scene_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (6) 123
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: And what do you think now?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I think you're gonna bury yourself
dialog: alive. You're gonna run out of food
dialog: and you're gonna fucking eat each
dialog: other and die. After that... I have no
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: I doubt that it will be so grim, but
dialog: even if it is... it'll be worth it.
text: The Final man looks around the room in disgust.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: All this ugliness is just a cocoon.
text: Sam's eyes flare with anger. He's had enough.
dialog: SMASH! !
text: He pounds his fist into the wall, knocking several photos and
text: ceremonial statues to the floor
text: The Final Man and his Brides are momentarily startled. They
text: watch Sam as he exhales deeply, regaining his composure.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: (whispering to herself)
dialog: That's such an angry thing to do.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: (calm)
dialog: What are you upset about?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I just... want to see Sarah.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: Ok. Well... let's see if we can get
text: her on the phone.
text: Spinning around in his seat, the Final Man opens up a bamboo
text: panel, revealing a flat-screen monitor and corded telephone
text: receiver. He presses some buttons and waits - listening into
text: to the earpiece.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: They have a phone?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 137.
scene_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (7) 123
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: Incoming calls only. We've had
dialog: problems in the past. People getting
text: scared... trying to get out.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: They're trapped?
text: The phone continues to ring - very quietly from the receiver.
text: Static on the screen.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: (speaking in a half-
dialog: whisper as one does
dialog: when on the phone)
dialog: We wouldn't want to lose out on
dialog: eternal life just because we might
dialog: have a normal physical aversion to
text: being buried underneath the earth.
dialog: We're only human.
text: There's a light click - a voice on the line - unheard by us.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: Hello, how are you?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Uh huh. Ok good.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you mind if I put you on video
dialog: phone? A friend of yours is here. He
dialog: wants to see you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Ok. Great.
text: The Final Man presses another button and the television
text: flickers on, revealing a beautiful young woman's face.
text: It is Sarah - looking straight at us through the video screen.
text: She appears calm, comfortably covered in a simple summer
text: dress, holding the telephone up to her cheek.
text: Behind her is a cavernous, brightly-lit living room. Rock
text: formations hang from the ceiling, alongside a diamond
text: encrusted chandelier.
text: One of Sarah's roommates, the Brunette, is sitting naked on a
text: lazy-boy chair - her legs propped up before a giant television
text: screen. She's brushing her teeth - spitting into a small
dialog: golden chalice.
text: Jefferson Sevence is sitting on the couch, nestled up against
text: Sarah's blond roommate.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (8)
text: They're watching an old episode of The Andy Griffith Show on
text: TV Land - sharing a bowl of popcorn.
text: A mountain of gold bars lines the far wall.
text: The Final Man hands Sam the telephone. He holds it up to his
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sarah? Can you hear me?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yeah. Hellooo.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I've been looking for you.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You hardly know me.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Are you annoyed with me? You angry?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Do I sound angry?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Kinda.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I just wanted to know what happened to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Do you really want to stay down there?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 139.
scene_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (9) 123
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You're gonna die down there. Is that
dialog: what you want?
text: Sarah stares into the televison screen - deep in thought. Her
text: face displays a range of feelings. Joy. Fear. Doubt.
text: Sarah looks back at Jefferson and her roommates - all laughing
text: before the giant television.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm gonna take this in the bedroom.
text: She holds the phone out towards her Brunette Roommate.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Will you hang it up when I get in
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE ROOMMATE
dialog: Sure.
text: The Brunette gets out of her chair and takes the phone as
text: Sarah exits our view.
text: The naked Brunette stands there. She half-listens into the ear
text: piece - bored - with her hand on her waist. A finger twists
text: the curly chord.
text: The Final Man looks over at Sam. He leans close and whispers.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: (whispering to Sam)
text: Their chamber was covered with a
dialog: mountain of concrete. It can't be
dialog: opened. There's no point in upsetting
dialog: the girl. Please be kind.
speaker_heading: CLICK.
text: The screen switches to a view of an ornate underground
text: bedroom. Sarah sits on the floor staring at the camera with
text: the phone to her ear.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I got it!
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE ROOMMATE
dialog: Ok.
text: There's another CLICK as the Brunette hangs up the line.
text: Sarah looks up at the screen into Sam's eyes. Her voice is
text: softer now - an unsure whisper
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123
dialog: 140.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (10) 123
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (meek and quiet)
dialog: Do you think I made a mistake? Coming
dialog: down here?
text: Sam looks at the Final Man before responding.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Maybe.
text: Sarah exhales with a vocal sigh, stretching her arm out in
dialog: frustration.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ehhhhhhh.
text: She shakes off the bad feelings.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well there's no getting out, so I may
dialog: as well make the best of things, huh?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah...
text: Sam looks away from the tv monitor and stares through the
text: doorway into the outside world.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Same here.
text: Sarah nods at the screen, fidgeting with her dress. Taking a
text: moment to herself.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: So... how are you doing?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Not great.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Have you thought about getting another
dialog: dog?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It might be good for you. A little
dialog: unconditional love.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'll think about it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 141.
scene_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (11) 123
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Um... I should probably get going. I
dialog: said I'd make dinner tonight. I have a
dialog: million things to do.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ok. Well enjoy your dinner.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thanks. Take care.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Bye.
text: Sarah places her receiver down as the Final Man turns off the
text: monitor. He takes the phone away from Sam.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: 0k?
text: Sam nods. His face is pale. He picks up his cup of tea and
text: takes a sip.
text: Mae reaches out and holds hands with the other Ascension
text: Brides. She looks between them and the Final Man - now
text: ignoring Sam.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Last night... I had a vision of us
text: making love beneath the earth, then
text: swimming together naked in a dark
dialog: pool. And that's when it happens...
text: our bodies dissolve into light and
dialog: every beautiful thought we've ever had
dialog: forms around us and carries our souls
dialog: through space to another world... and
dialog: we're just laughing the whole time
dialog: because we know that nothing can ever
dialog: be wrong again.
text: Mae turns to Sam.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I wish you were coming with us.
text: Sam gulps the rest of his tea. He sets the cup onto the floor
text: The Final Man looks over at Sam.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: This isn't a world that anybody with
dialog: any sense stays in or spends much time
dialog: worrying about.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123
dialog: 142.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (12) 123
text: Sam watches as Fannie falls over into the lap of her nearby
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: Your goals... your dreams... the
dialog: things that eat away your life before
dialog: your eyes... you're living ina
text: carnival, throwing plastic rings at
text: oversized pop bottles hoping to win a
dialog: prize...
text: Troy lays back against the wall and closes her eyes. Mae folds
text: into a little ball on the floor
speaker_heading: FINAL MAN
dialog: What do you win? A 2 week vacation? A
dialog: new car? Maybe a little money to
dialog: retire on? It's all a shitty, sawdust
dialog: filled rabbit. The things you care
dialog: about are useless where we're going.
text: Sam stares ahead as the Final Man slumps over, landing on the
text: girls' slack bodies. His head rests on Mae's thigh.
text: Sam tries to stand. He touches his face and stumbles to the
text: side. Falling down. His head on the wooden floor. Mouth agape.
text: Sam watches the orange sun cross the skyline beyond the trees.
text: It's beautiful outside.
text: Through the open doorway, Sam sees a grass-covered hatch open
text: in the middle of the field.
text: The Homeless King emerges from under the ground.
text: Calmly, he walks to the hut and stops at the entrance, looking
text: down at Sam.
text: The Homeless King leans on the door frame, back-lit against
text: the LA sun, posing like a mock-John-Wayne. Waiting. Patient.
text: Sam tries to lift his face.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How did you you know I was here?
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: We smelled you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh.
text: Sam rests his head on the cool wooden tile.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 143.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (13) 123
text: Everything goes black once more.
scene_heading: INT. CONCRETE ROOM - DARK 124
text: Sam opens his eyes. He's chained to a chair in a small
text: concrete room. No windows. Very dark.
text: The homeless king stands before him - blocking the stone
dialog: doorway.
text: Sam takes a breath.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What happened to that man? And those
dialog: girls?
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
text: They're waking up right now. In their
dialog: ascension chamber.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And so now you're gonna kill me?
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: Do you know what you did wrong?
text: Sam opens his eyes completely, looking up at his accuser
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: No.
text: The Homeless King lifts up his hand, revealing a few dog
text: biscuits in his palm.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: We found these in your pocket.
text: Sam says nothing.
text: The Homeless King shuffles the biscuits in his hand and
dialog: considers their importance.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: Why do you have dog biscuits in your
dialog: pocket?
text: Sam stares at the dirty man with deep anger.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I used to like a girl who had a dog.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124
dialog: 144.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 124
text: The Homeless King thinks about this for a moment, narrowing
text: his eyes. He shakes his head - a tiny grin of skepticism on
text: his face.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: When was that?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: A long time ago.
text: The Homeless King considers the response - debates a reply.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: Did she stop loving you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Uh huh.
text: The Homeless King stares into Sam's eyes - waiting for more.
text: He repeats his question like a mantra.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: Why do you have dog biscuits in your
dialog: pocket?
text: Sam doesn't answer. He stares back defiantly - angry -
text: resentful.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I was waiting for her to take me back.
dialog: I wanted to give the dog a treat and
dialog: rub its ears - like the way I used to.
dialog: And everything would be good again.
text: The Homeless King moves closer, looking down at his prisoner
text: with Christ-like eyes. He unlocks Sam's chains and steps to
text: the side - offering a clear path towards the doorway.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: You can go now.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You're not gonna kill me?
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: I don't think so... we might. I'm not
dialog: sure yet. Obviously don't mention any
dialog: of this to anyone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 145.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 124
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I won't.
text: Sam stands up and begins to cross the room - hesitantly.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS KING
dialog: Ok. Well... Goodbye.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Goodbye.
text: Sam walks to the doorway. He reaches a tall staircase.
text: Sam begins to climb up the very long and very narrow row of
text: stone steps.
dialog: Where does this staircase go?
text: Sam lifts a metal door. Bright light pours down into the
text: passageway.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS FELIZ BOULEVARD - LATE DAY 125
text: Sam emerges in the parking lot of the 76 gas station near
dialog: Hillhurst and Los Feliz.
text: The street is bustling. The sun peeks through the clouds.
text: Music zips past Sam as cars race by in both directions. Lady
text: Gaga. Neil Diamond. David Bowie. Cher. Jesus and the Brides of
dialog: Dracula.
text: Just pieces. Fragmented and warped together by the doppler
text: effect. All songs become one singular melody...
dialog: I'm pickin' up good vibrations
dialog: She givin' me excitations
dialog: Good good good gooooood
dialog: Vibraazzzgwuqhewuwjhhajasodasdkasdasda! !!!
text: Sam walks along the busy road of Los Feliz. Cars race by.
text: Loudly. Sam is in a daze.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS FELIZ BOULEVARD - LATE DAY 126
text: Sam stares up at the hills above the trees.
text: He squints and strains, imagining 8-bit Egyptian mazes and
text: tombs from Super Mario Bros. 2 - superimposed over the
text: hillside.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 146.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 126
text: A sort of X-Ray Vision... sweeping slowly across the horizon.
text: Sam imagines level after level of Mario-esque tunnels within
text: the majestic green hillside.
dialog: Is this what's underneath?
scene_heading: EXT. LOS FELIZ BOULEVARD - LATE DAY 127
text: Sam passes some Latino teenagers picnicking near the
text: Mulholland Memorial fountain. The kids are listening to music
text: as they eat their food.
text: Madonna's "Express Yourself" plays loudly from the cheap
text: portable speakers on their blanket...
dialog: You don't need diamond rings
dialog: Or eighteen karat gold
dialog: Fancy cars that go very fast
dialog: You know they never last, no, no
dialog: What you need is a big strong hand
dialog: To lift you to your higher ground
dialog: Make you feel like a queen on a throne
dialog: Make him love you till you can't come down
dialog: You'll never come down
text: Sam crosses the I-5 overpass. Traffic is thick. The cars move
text: slowly now - bumper to bumper down Los Feliz. Sam looks at
text: them as he walks along.
text: Below him, cars idle along the I-5 freeway.
text: Here is the site of Kevin McCarthy's dramatic plea for help at
text: the conclusion of "Invasion of the Body Snatchers".
text: Should Sam scream a warning? Yell out to the passing cars?
text: He says nothing. Watching them pass. Remaining silent.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS FELIZ BOULEVARD - LATE DAY 128
text: Sam walks along the sidewalk, passing by the Contact Lens
dialog: Billboard.
text: Workers are switching out the signage. The contact lens ad is
text: being replaced with a McDonalds advertisement.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 147.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 128
text: Sam' ex-girlfriend's face is cut in half - partially covered
text: by Ronald McDonald's grin.
text: The oddly divided girl looks down at Sam and the passing cars
text: of Los Feliz Boulevard. Her subtle expression is supplanted by
text: Ronald's enormous and disturbing smile.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE BAKERY - LATE DAY 129
text: Sam passes by the coffee shop. He looks inside at the pretty
text: bakery girls. They laugh and chatter as they clean the counter
text: and flip chairs onto tables.
text: He sees them through the window's faded sharpie handwriting -
text: still visible across the glass.
scene_heading: BEWARE THE DOG KILLER
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - DUSK 130
text: Sam enters his apartment with a bag of groceries.
text: He ignores the large, spray-painted mark across his dining
text: room wall.
dialog: °c
text: Sam unloads the bag: A 2-quart container of Tropicana Original
text: Orange Juice and a box of Nabisco Original Premium Saltine
dialog: Crackers.
text: He sets the groceries on the counter alongside an opened
dialog: priority envelope.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S APARTMENT - DUSK 131
text: Sam is sitting on the couch, staring at the July 1970 Playboy
dialog: cover.
text: In the background, the groceries remain along the counter -
text: though opened. Crackers spread like dominos out of their
text: plastic bag. A pulp covered glass of orange juice - half
dialog: drunk.
text: Sarah's picture rests on Sam's lap.
text: The gun sits neatly on the white CB2 tv tray before him.
text: His dusty VCR is on the carpet - cables and plugs running from
text: it to the back of the tv.
text: A shaky VHS recording plays on the television. It is "Seventh
text: Heaven". Janet Gaynor cries and emotes with grand perfection
dialog: and beauty.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 148.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 131
text: Sam's Nintendo lies on the carpet next to the VCR. A tangled
text: mess of chords and old entertainment technology.
text: The upside down Playmate stares at Sam... from under the blue
dialog: water.
text: He hears the parrot cawing.
speaker_heading: PARROT
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: Rrrottafendnnnddddd!
text: Sam looks towards the window. Breathing slowly. Debating. Eyes
text: unblinking.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT HALLWAY - DUSK 132
text: Sam stands in the hallway, knocking on an apartment door
text: The Bird Woman opens the door, wearing a t-shirt and no bra.
text: She looks at Sam with a suspicious expression. The look of a
text: housewife greeting a door-to-door salesman.
text: Sam smiles to her.
scene_heading: INT. BIRD WOMAN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 133
text: Sam and the Bird Woman lie naked on the living room floor -
text: sweaty and tired.
text: A throw-rug under their bodies. A couch cushion under their
dialog: heads.
text: The Topless Bird Woman nuzzles close to Sam. Affectionate. She
text: smells his chest and shoulder.
scene_heading: TOPLESS BIRD WOMAN
dialog: Is that patchouli?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No.
text: The parrot caws from outside on the woman's balcony. Sam looks
text: towards it - perched in its cage.
speaker_heading: PARROT
dialog: Nawwwwwddduuumeennndd
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's the bird saying?
text: The Bird Woman looks back toward the patio. She shakes her
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 149.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 133
speaker_heading: BIRD WOMAN
dialog: I don't know. Honestly, I've always
dialog: wondered, but I have no idea.
text: Sam nods his head and stares at the bird. It shouts once more.
text: He takes it in.
scene_heading: EXT. TOPLESS BIRD WOMAN'S BALCONY - NIGHT 134
text: Sam stands alone on the woman's balcony. The birds are quiet
text: in their cages.
text: Gentle rustling.
text: Lighting a cigarette, Sam looks across the courtyard to his
text: own apartment - hidden in the trees and foliage.
text: He looks through the open window into his home.
text: It's quiet and still.
dialog: Finally...
text: Sam's front door opens, and the Apartment Manager steps into
text: the dimly lit living room. The Sheriff follows him inside.
text: Sam watches the men, from his hidden perch, as they sift
text: through his things, pointing at the walls and shaking their
dialog: heads.
text: Sam exhales smoke...
dialog: The End Credits Roll.
text: We hear REM's "Strange Currencies"...
speaker_heading: SINCERE VOICE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I don't know why you're mean to me
dialog: when I call on the telephone... and I
dialog: don't know what you mean to me, but I
dialog: want to turn you on, turn you up
dialog: figure you out... I want to take you
dialog: on... these words "you will be mine"
dialog: these words "you will be mine"... all
dialog: the time...
dialog: cn
dialog: 
dialog: ete ee ne ae
speaker_heading: mE. ante —
dialog: eat Pepa ves x be ma Che
dialog: id
scene_heading: Seal OP» AI Ome BROAD De
dialog: Pe Wee ee
dialog: eee tah ee
dialog: TA Veteaeees ls ona Te Seca. 6 Be
dialog: oe Sacre} —we
dialog: th Sota, tee oo Oe
dialog: Sas eee eet) Soe,
dialog: P ee |
dialog: 
