dialog: Unforgiven
dialog: (The William Munny Killings)
dialog: an original screenplay by
dialog: David Webb Peoples
scene_heading: INT. ALICE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: NIGHT IN ALICE'S ROOM. A little bit of moonlight coming in
text: through the tiny window might make a highlight here and there
text: but that's about all. Words begin to crawl across the screen:
speaker_heading: WRITTEN WORDS (crawl)
dialog: Of good family, albeit one of modest
dialog: means, she was a comely young woman
dialog: and not without prospects. Therefore
dialog: it was at once heartbreaking and
text: astonishing to her mother that she
dialog: would enter into marriage with William
text: Munny, a known thief and murderer, a
dialog: man of notoriously vicious and
text: intemperate disposition.
text: We can HEAR STRAWBERRY ALICE and DAVEY BUNTING breathing
text: heavily and the bed creaking.
speaker_heading: WRITTEN WORDS (CONT'D)
dialog: They were married in St. Louis in
dialog: 1870 and they traveled North to Kansas
dialog: where he engaged in farming and swine
dialog: husbandry.
text: Davey and Alice are picking up speed now, breathing faster
text: and even snorting a little, and it's cold as Jesus in Nebraska
text: in the winter so when the blanket slips, Alice snarls and
text: gasps.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: The blanket, for chrissake, cowboy,
dialog: the blanket.
dialog: There are six of these little rooms... one for each whore...
text: behind Greely's Beer Garden and Billiards and the walls are
dialog: just boards so you can hear what's happening in the other
text: rooms and right now, from DELILAH'S room, you can hear a
text: high-pitched, merry little giggle and that's important.
speaker_heading: WRITTEN WORDS (crawl contd.)
dialog: She bore him two children in the
dialog: eight years of their marriage and
dialog: when she died, it was not at his
dialog: hands as her mother might have
dialog: expected, but of smallpox. That was
dialog: in 1878.
speaker_heading: DELILAH'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: No, please.... No, no goddamn you.
text: Alice and Davey have stopped fucking and started listening
text: but they don't move.
speaker_heading: WRITTEN WORDS
dialog: (Crawl cont'd)
dialog: It wasn't until 1881... three yeats
dialog: later... that a cowboy named Mike
text: cut up a whore in Big Whiskey,
dialog: Nebraska in the Niobrara River
dialog: country.
dialog: (end crawl)
scene_heading: MIKE'S VOICE 0.S.
dialog: Davey, come a runnin' lad an' hold
dialog: the thieving cunt...
text: A blur of action as Davey leaps from the bed and dashes out
dialog: of the room naked...
speaker_heading: MIKE'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: ...brand you like a damn steer,
text: bitch... and Alice is right behind
text: him, wrapping herself in a blanket
text: as she goes.
scene_heading: INT. DELILAH'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: DELILAH is backed up against the wall, her face bleeding,
text: and she is throwing the contents of her chamber pot on MIKE
text: who is advancing on her with an open barlow knife and Davey
text: busts into the room naked and Alice follows him and people
text: are shouting in other rooms.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (wiping shit off
dialog: himself )
dialog: Hold the bitch, Davey, hold her.
text: The one coal oil lamp in the room gives off just enough light
dialog: that you can make all this out. Certainly you can see that
text: Mike, who is wearing leggings and no shirt, is a big tough
text: man, unshaven, eyes inflamed with whiskey...
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: HOLD HER, DAMMIT, DAVEY! If you
dialog: don't hold her I'll cut her tits
dialog: off.
text: LITTLE SUE, a fifteen year old whore, is in the doorway,
text: eyes wide with terror and Alice screams at her.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Get Skinny, for God's sake! SKINNY!
text: Davey is reluctant about the whole thing but he is afraid of
text: Mike and he gets behind Delilah and grabs her.
speaker_heading: DAVEY
dialog: Wh-what you gonna do, Mike?
dialog: 3.
text: Mike is doing it now and Delilah is screaming while he carves
text: her face with the barlow knife and blood is all over,
text: splashing on Davey and Davey, who is just a kid, after all,
text: nineteen with a big shock of unruly red hair and innocent
text: blue eyes, is horrified.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Thieving cunt, I'll...
speaker_heading: DAVEY
dialog: Mike, don't, Jesus, don't...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: SKINNY! Bring your gun.
text: Alice can't wait for Skinny and she jumps on Mike's back and
text: brings the big man down and she fights him though she's not
text: a big woman. Alice is twenty-five but she's been around
dialog: some, whored some tough cow-towns, and she has too much bone
text: and character in her face to be outright pretty but she
dialog: attracts men like flies. Sure she has some smallpox scars
text: on her face, but they're common and there are only a few of
text: them, not like on Skinny whose mean little face is eaten
dialog: right up with them.
scene_heading: VIEW ON SKINNY DUBOIS
text: STANDING THERE IN THE DOORWAY, his nasty face eaten with
text: smallpox scars and he is looking at Delilah who is a fountain
text: of blood, looking at her coldly, and looking down at the
text: melee on the floor and, pointing the big Navy Colt in his
dialog: hand, he says,
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Get offa her, asshole.
text: And he says it so cold and with such authority that everything
text: goes quiet.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
text: SNOW/MOONLIGHT/THE SHADOWY BUILDINGS and the silence of the
text: Nebraska winter except for the sound of the snowshoes.
text: The snow has obliterated the Main Street of Big Whiskey giving
text: the impression that the dark, low buildings are scattered at
text: random. The only structure with any sign of life is Greely's
text: Beer Garden and Billiards which shows a glowing window and
text: two horses out front and that is a hundred yards away from
text: the struggling silhouettes of the two men on snowshoes. The
text: big one is LITTLE BILL DAGGETT and he is very big, wrapped
text: in a huge bearskin robe.
text: The smaller one is CLYDE LEDBETTER who isn't small though he
text: has only one arm.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: ...wouldn't let you settle it, huh?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Hell, you know how Skinny is. Says
dialog: he's gonna shoot 'em...an I says,
dialog: "Skinny, you can't do that," an' he
dialog: says, "Well, then get Little Bill
dialog: down here an' let's settle this" an'
dialog: I says, "Bill's sleepin', Skinny,"
dialog: an'...
text: They make their way in silence through the snow, getting
text: close now, close to Greely's and the lights.
scene_heading: INT. DELILAH'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: DELILAH ON HER BED, her face covered with blood-soaked rags
text: except for her eyes. Alice has hot water and is ministering
text: to her and Little Bill is looking down at her from his
text: enormous height, still in his bearskin. He looks disgusted.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: She ain't gonna die, huh?
text: You can now see fear in Delilah's eyes, and the other whores
text: ...CROW CREEK KATE with crazy pop-eyes and frizzy hair, and
text: LITTLE SUE who is fifteen and meek even when she isn't
text: terrified, and FAITH who is the oldest of them and not very
text: attractive and SILKY who is blonde and the prettiest... are
text: watching from vantage points in the doorway or in the room.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (determined)
dialog: She's gonna live.
dialog: ittle Bi urns to
dialog: Little Bill t t
dialog: go)
dialog: She didn't steal nothin', She didn't
text: touch his poke.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (stopping and turning)
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: All she done was... when she seen he
dialog: had a teensy little pecker... she
dialog: gave a giggle. That's all. She
dialog: didn't know no better.
text: Little Bill turns away, disgusted, and starts out of the
text: room and Alice gets up and follows him.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: You gonna hang 'em, Little Bill?
scene_heading: INT. BAR ROOM - NIGHT
text: Davey sitting naked on the floor of the bar room and Mike is
text: sitting near him, still in his leggings and both men are
text: shivering because they are fifteen feet from the potbellied
text: stove where Clyde is standing watching them.
text: It is a big room, with a crude bar and four tables and some
text: moose and elk heads on the wall. The door near the rear
text: where it says "Billiard Room" leads not to a Billiard Room
text: but to the six little "rooms" that are the whorehouse and
text: and now you can hear Delilah groaning from there.
text: And Little Bill enters from the back of the bar room, stooping
text: to pass through the doorway under the sign that says "Billiard
dialog: Room."
text: Little Bill is huge and ominous. Some say he acquired the
text: bearskin by staring the bear to death and others say he
dialog: drowned the animal in spit. Anyhow, he's big with a drooping
text: moustache and he is sucking on his church warden's clay pipe
dialog: and you know he isn't scared of anything.
text: And the two cowboys are scared to death, not just shivering
text: from the cold, and Bill just looks down at them and sucks on
text: his pipe and Alice comes in from the back way too and then
text: Skinny and a couple of the whores gather in the doorway.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
text: Clyde, step across to the German's
dialog: an' fetch up one of his bullwhips.
text: Stark terror on the faces of Davey and Mike as Clyde exits.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: A whippin'? That's all they get?
dialog: After what they done?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (sucking on his pipe)
dialog: Whippin' ain't a little thing, Alice.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: But what they done, they...
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: (he has a piece of
dialog: paper in his hand)
dialog: Shut up, Alice. Little Bill, a
dialog: whippin' ain't gonna settle this.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: (showing the paper)
dialog: This here's a lawful contract...
dialog: betwixt me an' Delilah Fitzgerald,
dialog: the cut-whore. Now I brung her clear
dialog: from Boston, paid her expenses an'
dialog: all, an' I got a contract which
text: represents an investment of capital.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (sympathetic to the
dialog: argument )
dialog: Property.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Damaged property. Like if I was to
text: hamstring one of their cow ponies.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: You figure nobody'1ll want to fuck
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Hell no. Leastways, they won't pay
dialog: to do it.
text: Alice is listening to this and her eyes are like coals and
text: you can hear Delilah moaning in the other room.
speaker_heading: SKINNY (CONT'D)
dialog: She could maybe clean up around the
dialog: place or somethin', but nobody's
dialog: gonna pay good money for a cut-up
dialog: whore.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (making up his mind
dialog: and turning to the
dialog: shivering cowboys)
dialog: You boys are off of the Spade Outfit.
dialog: Got your own string of ponies?
speaker_heading: DAVEY
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I... I got f-f-f-four.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (sullenly)
dialog: Six.
text: Skinny nods, pleased, and Alice watches, her eyes still hot.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Guess you boys just as soon not have
dialog: no trial an' fuss, huh?
text: Davey and Mike nod, willing to say anything Little Bill wants.
scene_heading: LITTLE BILL CONT'D
dialog: (to Mike)
dialog: Alright. You done the cuttin’...
dialog: Come the thaw, you bring in five of
dialog: them ponies an' give 'em over to
dialog: Skinny here.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Five!
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (to Davey)
dialog: An' you... you give over two ponies,
dialog: hear? -
text: Clyde bangs in out of the snow with a buggy whip in his hand.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I couldn't find no bullwhips, Bill.
dialog: The German...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Don't matter, we don't need no whips.
dialog: (to Mike and Davey)
dialog: Spring comes an' Skinny don't have
dialog: them ponies, I'm gonna...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You... you ain't even gonna... whip
dialog: "em?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: I fined 'em instead.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: For what they done? Skinny gets
dialog: some ponies an' that's... ?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (approaching her)
dialog: Ain't you seen enough blood for one
dialog: night? Hell, Alice, they ain't
dialog: loafers nor tramps nor bad men.
dialog: They're hard workin' boys that was
dialog: foolish. Why if they was given over
dialog: to wickedness in a regular way...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Like whores?
speaker_heading: SKINNY
text: Alice, tend to Delilah.
text: For a long moment Alice just stands there glaring.
scene_heading: INT. DELILAH'S ROOM - DAY
text: DAYLIGHT AND A BASIN OF BLOODY WATER and Little Sue is just
text: dipping another towel in the hot water next to Delilah's
text: bed, changing the bandages. All the whores are there in
text: various states of dress, lounging on the floor, leaning
text: against the wall.
speaker_heading: SILKY
dialog: (to Alice)
dialog: If Delilah don't care one way or the
dialog: other, what're you so riled about?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (passionately)
dialog: Just because them smelly assholes
dialog: like to ride us like horses don't
dialog: mean we got to let 'em brand us like
dialog: we're horses. Maybe we ain't nothin'
dialog: but whores, but by God we ain't
dialog: horses.
text: Silky is thinking it over, frowning, and then she makes her
dialog: decision.
speaker_heading: SILKY
dialog: (to Alice)
dialog: I got a hundred an' twelve dollars.
dialog: That's everythin'.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What about you, Faith?
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Two hundred...
dialog: (there are gasps)
dialog: Two hundred an' forty.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Jesus, Faith, what you been doin',
dialog: givin' Skinny somethin' special?
text: All the women laugh and Delilah through her bandages makes a
text: gurgling sound and Little Sue's eyes light up.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: (indicating Delilah)
dialog: She laughed.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: With what Kate got, Silky got some,
dialog: an' mine, an' Little S...
speaker_heading: SILKY
dialog: (soberly)
dialog: It ain't enough.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (determined)
dialog: Not yet maybe.
scene_heading: EXT. HOG PEN - DAY
text: The hog in the mud, snorting and squealing, ugly as hell and
text: BILL MUNNY in the mud with him, pushing and shoving, trying
text: to move the stubborn animal and Munny goes down face first
text: and comes up more covered with mud than he already was and
text: the words on the screen say,
speaker_heading: WRITTEN WORDS (super)
dialog: Some months later, Hodgeman County,
dialog: Kansas.
text: Munny is thirty-five or forty years old, his hair is thinning
text: and his moustache droops glumly over his stubbled jaw. If
dialog: it were not for his eyes he would look like any pig farmer
text: with his canvas overalls tucked in his boots pushing on a
text: hog. He is pushing on the hog again, grunting with the
text: effort, when he hears the voice.
speaker_heading: THE KID'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: You don't look like no rootin',
dialog: tootin', sonofabitchin', cold-blooded
dialog: assassin.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (looking up, startled)
dialog: Huh?
text: THE KID is only six feet away, the sun behind him, sitting
text: on a very big and very ancient Morgan horse. He's wearing a
text: wide-brimmed Texas hat, a vest, a holstered pistol, and he
text: is a wiry kid, maybe twenty years old, with scraggly blonde
text: hair, four of his upper front teeth missing, and a funny,
text: squinty way of looking out of his watery blue eyes. Most of
text: all, he doesn't look very prosperous.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I seen how you got only three fingers
dialog: on your left hand, though, so I guess
dialog: you're calling yourself Mister Bill
dialog: Munny.
text: Munny does indeed have three fingers on his left hand and he
dialog: doesn't like this conversation at all.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: William Munny, yeah.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Same one as shot Charlie Pepper in
dialog: Lake County?
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Paw! Hey, Paw!
text: The voice belongs to WILL, a skinny ten-year-old who dashes
text: up with his seven-year-old sister, PENNY, right on his heels.
text: The kids are ragged and dirty, they don't look well fed or
text: even very healthy. Even as Will speaks to his father, Munny,
text: his eyes, and Penny's too, go to The Kid.
text: They don't see many strangers.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: What is it, son?
speaker_heading: WILL
text: Two more hogs got the fever.
text: Munny winces. The Kid ignores the interruption.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: You shot Charlie Pepper, didn't you?
dialog: And you're the one killed william
dialog: Harbey an' robbed the train over...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Hold on, mister.
dialog: (to Will)
dialog: Son, this here pig gotta be moved
dialog: outta this pen, away from them others.
dialog: Penny, you give yer brother a hand...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: This one's sick too?
text: Munny ignores the question, already on his way to the
text: miserable-looking shack.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Let's talk inside, mister.
scene_heading: INT. SOD HUT - DAY
text: Munny selects a tin cup from a wash pan of dirty dishes. It
text: is dark and cool inside his one room sod hut... and poor.
text: The Kid checks one of the three chairs for stability before
text: sitting down.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: You're Pete Sothow's nephew, huh?
dialog: Hell, I thought maybe you was someone
dialog: come to kill me...
dialog: (he has the cups and
text: he crosses to the
dialog: fire)
dialog: ...for somethin' I done in the old
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (sitting)
dialog: I could of... easy.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Yeah, I guess so.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Like I was sayin' you don't look
dialog: like no meaner than hell cold-blooded
dialog: damn killer.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Maybe I ain't.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Well, Uncle Pete said you was the
dialog: goddamndest meanest sonofabitch ever
dialog: lived an' if I ever wanted a partner
dialog: for a killin', you was the worst
dialog: one. Meanin' the best. On account
dialog: of you're cold as snow an' don't
dialog: have no weak nerve nor fear.
text: Munny serves the coffee gloomily and sits down. It appears
text: his feelings are hurt but The Kid doesn't notices.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: He said that, huh?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I'm a damn killer myself, only I
dialog: ain't killed so many as you because
dialog: of my youth. Schofield Kid, they
dialog: call me.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Schofield? You from Schofield?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (laying his Smith &
dialog: Wesson Schofield .45
dialog: on the table)
dialog: On account of my Schofield model
text: Smith and Wesson pistol.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Well, how about it?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Bein' my partner. I'm headin' North
text: up around the Niobrara in Nebraska.
dialog: Gonna kill a couple of no good
dialog: cowboys.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: For cuttin' up a lady. They cut up
dialog: her face an' cut her eyes out, cut
dialog: her ears off an' her tits too.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (pleased with the
dialog: reaction)
dialog: Thousand dollars of reward. Five
dialog: hundred a piece.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Paw, I can't move that damn pig.
text: Will has slipped into the house with Penny in tow and they
text: are both covered with mud and Will is swearing toshow off to
dialog: the stranger.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: No cussin' now, Will. Go on out
dialog: the pump an' clean up some an' I'll
dialog: be along. Check them other pens.
text: The two kids back out the door, eyes on the pistol and the
text: stranger, and Munny walks over near the beds with his back
dialog: to The Kid.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I ain't like that no more, Kid.
dialog: Whiskey done it as much as anythin'
dialog: I guess.
dialog: (turning to The Kid)
dialog: I ain't touched a drop in ten years.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: My wife, she cured me of it... cured
dialog: me of drink an' wickedness.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Well... you don't look so prosperous.
dialog: Hell, you could buy her a new dress
dialog: out of your half. We could kill
dialog: them two an' you could buy your wife
dialog: one of them fancy...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: She's passed on, Kid.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Been gone near three years now.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (staring stupidly)
dialog: Oh.
scene_heading: EXT. SOD HUT - DAY
text: Will and Penny in front of the house, looking up at The Kid
text: who is mounted again and Munny is standing there taking leave
dialog: of The Kid.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Don't tell nobody about the reward
dialog: an' all. Don't need no other gunmen
dialog: tryin' to collect.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I don't never see nobody anyhow.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (riding away)
dialog: If you was to change your mind, might
dialog: be you could catch me... due West
dialog: to the Western Trail an' North to
dialog: Ogallala.
text: Munny waves at The Kid and for a long moment watches him
text: trot across the flat, grassy fields. Then he turns back to
text: his shabby farm and the squealing pigs and the two children
text: who are looking up at him.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Who's he?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (turning away)
dialog: Best we move that pig.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: EXT. HOG PEN - DAY
text: Munny in the mud and the pig squealing and Will is there
text: pushing too and Munny goes in face first again and when he
text: comes up he slowly wipes mud from his face and, turning, he
text: looks across the fields.
scene_heading: VIEW ON PENNY
text: Coming up beside the pen.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Paw... two of them others ...I think
dialog: they got the fever.
text: Munny frowns and looks off at the horizon, lost in thought.
text: VIEW ON THE KID
text: Way off in the distance, disappearing on the horizon.
scene_heading: EXT. BIG WHISKEY HILL - DAY
text: EXTREME CLOSE UP ON DELILAH
text: Delilah's face! The cut-whore. Skeins of criss-crossing
text: raised flesh, a vicious web of scars dominated by her eyes
dialog: that are deep and beautiful.
text: She's hanging clothes on a clothes line on Big Whiskey Hill,
text: the gentle slope above the town. Alice, Little Sue, Silky,
text: Kate, and Faith are close by, hanging clothes or washing
text: them in the gurgling stream.
text: Faith is the first to glance down the hill toward the town
text: and to notice. She draws in her breath and turns to Alice
text: and catches her eye and Alice looks down.
scene_heading: EXT. MUDDY NORTH ROAD
text: The muddy North Road and the two riders, and they are Quick
text: Mike and Davey Bunting leading their ponies in, passing a
text: crudely painted sign that says:
dialog: "Ordinance 14. No firearms in Big Whiskey. Deposit them at
dialog: County Office.
dialog: By Order of Sheriff."
scene_heading: EXT. BIG WHISKEY HILL - DAY
text: The whores on the hill. One by one, with no words exchanged,
text: they feel the silence and turn and exchange glances and they
text: glance at Delilah. She winces and turns back to hanging
dialog: clothes.
text: VIEW ON A HORSE'S OPEN MOUTH AND SKINNY
dialog: 15.
dialog: Inspecting.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: You boys took a while. Couple more
dialog: days I was gonna call on the Sheriff.
text: The horses are gathered in front of Greely's and Skinny moves
text: among them inspecting them while the two cowboys remain
dialog: mounted.
speaker_heading: DAVEY
dialog: River was swole so we couldn't cross
dialog: her.
text: Davey is holding the halter of a little paint and when SKINNY
text: starts to inspect the pain, Davey pulls the pony away.
speaker_heading: DAVEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You got two of mine. This here one
dialog: ain't yours.
text: Skinny and Davey lock eyes and Skinny is wondering how far
text: to push it when SPLAT!... Davey gets a face full of mud.
text: The three men turn to see the whores coming around the side
text: of Greely's, all except Delilah, and they are throwing mud,
text: scooping it from the sloppy street and...
text: MIKE gets a hit on the chest and then on the face and he
text: gives an ugly look and wheels his horse and digs in his spurs
text: and heads North at a trot and mud continues to rain on him
text: as the whores jeer.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Damn you.
speaker_heading: (SPLAT)
dialog: That ain't no way to behave.
speaker_heading: (SPLAT)
dialog: Quit that.
text: Surprisingly, Davey turns his horse right into the barrage
text: of mud and taking it in the face and on the chest he
text: dismounts. His paint takes a big gob of mud on one eye and
text: Davey wipes the mud off tenderly.
speaker_heading: DAVEY
dialog: This here pony... I brung it for the
dialog: lady... the one my partner cut.
text: The whores stop throwing mud abruptly. There is a pause...
text: and they can see that he is just a kid, and that he is sorry
text: as hell and that he is about to cry and they are touched,
dialog: especially Little Sue.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: DAVEY (CONT'D)
dialog: It's the best of the lot... better
dialog: than the ones I give him.
dialog: (indicating Skinny)
dialog: She could sell it or... what she
dialog: wants.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (recovering)
dialog: A pony!... She ain't got no face
dialog: left an' you're gonna give her a
dialog: goddamn mangy pony.
speaker_heading: DAVEY
dialog: He ain't m-m-mangy, ma'am, he...
text: SLOP. Davey gets it in the face with a big gob of mud as
text: Alice resumes fire and SPLAT, the paint gets it.
text: Faith and Silky and Kate hesitate just a moment... and then
text: they dig in and start jeering and throwing again and Little
text: Sue bends down slowly and picks up some mud and then she
text: just stands there with it, almost crying, and watches the
text: cowboy turn away under a barrage of mud and mount his pony
text: and ride out, mud hitting him all over and the women jeering
text: and running after him in the muddy street.
scene_heading: VIEW ON DELILAH
text: Hanging clothes up on the hill and
text: she canhear the shouting in the
text: distance and she turns and looks
text: down with the beautiful eyes and
text: sees the cowboy riding out of town
text: slowly, chased by the jeering women.
scene_heading: INT. SOD HUT - DAY
text: CLOSE on a photograph of CLAUDIA in Munny's hands. He is
text: inside, kneeling on the floor beside an open truck and he is
text: studying reverently the old photo of Claudia, smiling
text: radiantly in her best dress. Finally Munny puts the picture
text: down and digs in the trunk among folded dresses that belonged
text: to her until he feels something metal and he sees the blue
text: steel among the white cloth and then he pulls it out... an
dialog: old Starr .44 Pistol.
scene_heading: EXT. SOD HUT - DAY
text: CLOSE on a Mojav coffee tin as Munny places it on the fence
text: behind his sod hut. Munny has the Starr in his right hand
text: and he turns and walks back toward the house 15 yards away.
text: Will and Penny are watching. They know something is going
text: on, but they don't know how to ask what it is.
text: Munny faces the coffee tin and solemnly extends his pistol
text: arm straight out and carefuly sights along the barrel.
dialog: 17.
text: BAM! A burst of flame and a puff of black smoke from the
dialog: gun.
text: The Mojav tin hasn't moved.
text: Slowly, carefully, Munny raises the gun again and aims with
text: great deliberation.
text: BAM! The coffee tin doesn't move.
text: Munny shakes his head slowly in disgust and aims again.
dialog: BAM! Missed again.
text: Munny gives a quick sheepish glance in the direction of the
text: children. There is a lot of smoke. He aims again and BAM!
text: He misses.
text: Munny is irritated and he aims and fires hastily and flame
text: bursts from the gun and smoke and The tin is unmoved.
text: Will looks at his feet, embarrassed, not wanting to meet his
text: father's eyes.
text: Munny stuffs the pistol in his waistband and disappears into
dialog: the house.
text: Will and Penny look at one another nervously, wondering what's
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Did Paw used to kill folks?
text: Will doesn't answer and then he looks up because Munny steps
text: out of the house again, a sawed off Remington 10 gauge shotgun
text: in his hands.
text: Munny raises the double barreled weapon to his shoulder and
dialog: aims carefully and...
text: BARRRROOOOOM! The can flies away in pieces and some of the
dialog: fence, too.
scene_heading: EXT. SHADE TREES - DAY
scene_heading: HEADSTONE. IT SAYS:
scene_heading: "CLAUDIA FEATHERS MUNNY
dialog: Born, March 11, 1849 Died, August 6, 1878, aged 29 years, in
dialog: the full enjoyment of that love which constrained her to
dialog: leave all for Christ and heathen souls Lo, we have left all
dialog: and followed thee: What shall we leave therefore. 19:25"
text: The headstone is under a couple of shade trees fifty yards
text: from the sod hut.
dialog: 18.
text: MUNNY is sitting on a rock under the trees looking at the
text: headstone and he has on a cheap black suit now. He twists
text: the hat, tormented... and he starts to say something out
dialog: loud but he can't because men don't talk to stones. So
text: finally he gets up, slumped in defeat, and he puts a little
text: bouquet of flowers on the grave and he turns away unhappily.
scene_heading: EXT. SOD HUT - DAY
text: The ALBINO MARE snorting and shying, anxious to lose the
text: saddle. Will has her by the halter, holding her with effort,
text: in front of the house.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: She ain't hardly a saddle horse no
dialog: more, Paw. She ain't used to the
dialog: feel.
text: Munny walks up and puts his hand on Penny's head fondly.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Them flowers, Penny, I could tell
dialog: your Maw liked them, hear?
dialog: (turning to Will)
dialog: Take care of your sister, son. You
dialog: can kill three chickens if you need,
dialog: not no more. Keep the hogs that got
dialog: fever separate if you can. An' if
dialog: you need help, go see Sally Two-Trees
text: over to Ned Logan's.
text: Then he turns to the mare and shoves a foot in the stirrup
text: to mount but the horse shies and Munny goes down in the dust
text: looking very undignified.
text: And Penny is horrified and humiliated for her father whom
text: she worships and Will's eyes are big because Munny's coat
text: came open and he caught a quick glimpse of the Starr pistol
text: stuck in the waist band.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (brushing himself
dialog: off, embarrassed)
dialog: Ain't felt a saddle in a while myself.
text: Then Munny has one foot in the stirrup and the horse starts
text: to shy and Munny has to hop around with one foot stirruped
text: and the other not... and when he tries to swing aboard he
dialog: falls back...
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Easy old gal, easy...
text: And he still can't make it, so to cover his embarrassment he
text: talks to the kids while he hops around desperately trying to
dialog: mount.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now this here horse is gettin' even
dialog: on me... hold on gal... for the sins
dialog: of my youth... In my youth... before
dialog: I met... your dear departed mother...
dialog: I was weak an' givin' to mistreatin'
dialog: horses an' such. An' this here
dialog: horse... an' that ole pig, too, I
dialog: guess... is my comeuppance for my
dialog: cruelty...
text: At last he is in the saddle and takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Used to be I could cuss an' hurt an
dialog: animal... til your departed mother,
dialog: God rest her, showed me the error of
dialog: my ways.
text: Munny turns the Albino mare and starts out the gate going
text: Weat toward the fields.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: I won't be no longer than a couple
dialog: of weeks. Remember how the spirit
dialog: of your departed maw watches over
dialog: you.
text: Will and Penny are watching him go and Will is fighting back
text: the tears but Penny has lost the battle and she is crying
text: and the horse whinnies.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MUNNY
text: Twenty yards away getting up off the
text: ground and trying to catch the shying,
text: prancing horse on foot, his dignity
text: a shambles.
scene_heading: INT. ALICE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Alice IN PAIN because Skinny is twisting her arm and they
text: are in Alice's room... it is still night... and the other
text: whores are there, scared, nervous.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Where'd you get the money, huh?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: We ain't got it. We ain't got no
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: You told them cowboys you had it.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: We was... lyin'.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: (lets her go)
dialog: What you gonna do when somebody comes
dialog: to collect?
dialog: (yelling)
text: FUCK 'EM? FUCK 'EM A THOUSAND TIMES?
dialog: (goes to door, then
dialog: stops)
dialog: The kind of people who'll come after
dialog: that thousand, they won't tolerate
dialog: if you don't have it. They won't
dialog: just cut your face up a little.
dialog: (screaming)
scene_heading: STUPID CUNTS!
scene_heading: EXT. LITTLE BILL'S HOUSE - DAY
text: VIEW on HOT SUN blazing down.
text: BANG BANG BANG, HAMMER ON NAIL and the fingers holding the
text: nail are swollen and purple and then... WHUP Hammer on flesh.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Oh, shit, shit an' damn, oh fuck my
dialog: mother and my father, o damn an'
dialog: jesus.
text: Little Bill is hopping around in his hat and boots and nothing
text: else in front of his brand new one story, four room, frame
text: house that hasn't been painted it's so new and doesn't have
dialog: a porch yet, though that is being begun... sort of. In
text: fact... the house doesn't look quite right... looks a little
text: lopsided.
text: Skinny Dubois is standing there, in the clearing wiping his
text: brow and catching his breath and watching Little Bill.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Hit your finger, huh?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Huh? Hullo, Skinny. Snuck up on
dialog: me.
dialog: (indicating the house
dialog: proudly)
dialog: How do you like her?
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: (looking critically)
dialog: Heard you done the roof yourself.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Roof? Jesus, Skinny, I done
dialog: practically every damn thing myself.
dialog: Roberts boy hauled wood, that's all.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: What's all that wood?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (enthusiastically)
dialog: Porch. I'm puttin' a porch on her
dialog: so's I can puff my pipe of an evening
dialog: an' drink my coffee an' watch the
text: sun set.
text: Little Bill is back at it, hauling a four by six into
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (over his shoulder,
dialog: proudly)
dialog: You come clear up here just to get a
dialog: look at her?
text: The train whistle screams loudly below in the valley and
text: turning nervously, Skinny can see a puff of steam above the
text: distant trees.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Them whores...
dialog: (he pauses, reluctant
dialog: to go on)
dialog: Little Bill isn't really paying
text: attention to anything but his house.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Them whores, they been fuckin' an'
dialog: fuckin' all them cowboys that come
dialog: into town the last two weeks...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Shit, Skinny, we got railroad barons
dialog: an' cattle barons, but you' re gonna
dialog: be the first of the billiard barons.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: ...They been fuckin' 'em, ‘an tellin'
dialog: every bow-legged one of ‘em how
dialog: they're payin' a thousand dollars to
text: whatever sonofabitch kills them two
text: boys which cut up Delilah.
dialog: 22.
text: Little Bill drops the board he's holding up and turns sharply
text: to Skinny. Down in the valley the train whistle screams and
text: after a long, tense moment, Little Bill turns and looks out
text: over the valley, frowning.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: An' all them cowboys been riding
dialog: that beef down to Kansas an' Cheyenne?
speaker_heading: SKINNY
text: (unhappily, dropping
dialog: his eyes)
dialog: Yup.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: All week?
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: (apologetically)
dialog: I didn't hear nothin' till last night.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Word must have got all the way to
dialog: Texas by now.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Oh, shit, Bill, I guess nobody's
dialog: gonna come clear from Texas.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (sitting down)
dialog: They really got all that money, them
dialog: whores?
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: (sitting beside Bill)
dialog: You know how women kin lie... I knock
dialog: "em around a little, ask 'em where
dialog: the money is, they say they don't
dialog: have none?...but they coulda
dialog: squirreled away that much, the five
dialog: of 'em. Maybe.
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: That much, huh?
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: You could run off them two cowboys.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: I could run off them whores.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Well, I guess they'll just up an'
dialog: run anyhow, them two.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (glumly )
dialog: Nope. They'll stay out on the Spade
dialog: country where they got friends.
text: The train whistle screams down in the valley and the train
text: is chugging in the distance, pulling out, headed South.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Shit, Bill, could be nobody won't
dialog: come at all.
scene_heading: EXT. LOGAN HOUSE - DAY
text: SALLY TWO TREES, weeding under a hot sun. She is an Indian
text: woman about forty years old, heavy, and she is pulling weeds
text: from a neat garden near the Logan House and she looks up and
text: she sees something and frowns and keeps looking and doesn't
dialog: like what she sees,
speaker_heading: HER POV:
text: A MAN IN THE DISTANCE RIDING AN ALBINO MARE, making his way
text: slowly through the prosperous fields of young corn.
scene_heading: VIEW ON SALLY
text: She looks over at her husband, NED
text: LOGAN, who is working not far away
text: and he seems to "hear" her look
text: because he turns to her and, seeing
text: her troubled expression, he follows
text: her look and he too sees the rider
dialog: on the Albino mare.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'll be damned. It's Billy Munny.
text: Ned is about forty, balding, a farmer, but not as seedy
text: looking as his old friend, Bill Munny.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MUNNY
text: Trying to dismount and the Albino
text: prancing and Munny staggering and
text: Sally looking at the scene grimly.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: Hullo Sally... I... uh, I ain't seen
dialog: you in near as long as this, uh...
dialog: as this horse ain't felt the saddle.
dialog: 24.
text: Munny gets up out of the dust looking uncomfortable and Sally
text: just stares at him coldly.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: Come on in outta the sun, Bill. Sally,
dialog: you see to Bill's horse.
text: Munny nods an uncomfortable thank-you to Sally as Ned leads
text: him toward a house that is very different from Munny's. It
text: is a two story frame house freshly painted and surrounded by
text: a well-tended garden, a tool shed, a barn and lush fields.
text: As the men disappear into the house Sally leads the Albino
text: toward the barn. Her sharp eyes don't miss the stock of the
text: shotgun where it protrudes slightly from the bedroll. Her
text: eyes seem to see even into the future... and all they see is
dialog: trouble.
scene_heading: INT. LOGAN HOUSE - DAY
text: CLOSE on CLEAN CERAMIC COFFEE MUGS as NED takes them from a
text: tidy cabinet in his cozy kitchen with the cast iron stove,
text: the solid table.
text: Munny is sitting at the table looking moodily into space.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: We ain't bad men no more, Bill. Hell,
dialog: we're farmers.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: Should be easy killin' em...
dialog: supposin' they don't run off to Texas
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (taking the pot from
dialog: the stove)
dialog: How long since you shot a gun ata
dialog: man?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Nine... ten years?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Eleven.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Easy, huh? Hell, I don't know that
dialog: it was all that easy then... an' we
dialog: was young an' full of beans.
dialog: (pouring coffee)
dialog: Bill... if you was mad at ‘em... if
dialog: they done you wrong... I could see
dialog: shootin' 'em...
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (looking Ned in the
dialog: eye)
dialog: We done stuff before for money, Ned.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (sitting down)
dialog: Well, we thought we was doin' it for
dialog: money...
dialog: (he pauses, remembering)
dialog: What'd they do anyhow? Cheat at
dialog: cards, steal some strays, spit ona
dialog: rich fella?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
text: Cut up a woman. Cut her eyes out,
text: cut her tits off, cut her fingers
dialog: off... done everythin' but cut up
dialog: her cunny, I guess.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (after chewing on
dialog: that one)
dialog: Well, I guess they got it comin'...
dialog: (and he pauses and
dialog: looks Munny in the
dialog: eye)
dialog: But you wouldn't go if Claudia was
dialog: alive.
text: It hits Munny like salt in a wound and he just takes it.
text: They both know Ned is right and they think about it silently.
text: Finally Munny speaks glumly.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (getting up and going
dialog: to the door)
dialog: I guess you wouldn't mind to look in
dialog: on my youngsters next week.
dialog: Might be you could help them move a couple of them pigs if
dialog: they got to separate 'em more.
text: Ned has been thinking about it while Munny's talking,
text: wrestling with it and now Munny is out the door.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: How long you gonna be, Bill?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Two weeks, I guess.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: This Kid, what's he like?
dialog: 26.
text: Munny turns and looks at Ned and their eyes meet and Munny
text: realizes Ned is coming.
speaker_heading: NED (CONT'D)
dialog: Three ways?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Yup. You still got the Spencer rifle?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Yeah, an' I could still hit a bird
text: in the eye flyin'.
scene_heading: EXT. LOGAN HOUSE - DAY
text: Munny landing with a thud in the dust and picking himself up
text: hurriedly and casting a sheepish glance over his shoulder at
text: Ned as he makes another awkward effort to mount the mare.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (amazed at this
dialog: performance)
dialog: Jesus, Bill.
speaker_heading: CLOSE VIEW
text: The sad, wise eyes of Sally Two Trees as she watches the two
text: riders disappearing in the distance. her eyes are saying
dialog: good-bye.
scene_heading: EXT. PATH - DAY
text: THE RIDERS IN THE DISTANCE. One horse is walking and the
text: white one is prancing and shying in an unruly manner while
text: her rider fights desperately for control.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - DAY
text: SUNSET, and Ned and Munny riding in open country.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: He musta been movin' right along.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: We'll come across him tomorra, I
dialog: guess.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP - NIGHT
text: Night and the sizzling campfire as Ned empties the grease
text: from the frying pan into the fire.
text: Munny is already lying down, fussing in his blankets to get
text: comfortable and the crickets are chirping up a storm.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Got used to my bed. Ain't gonna
dialog: feel to home out here.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (getting into his
dialog: blankets)
dialog: Well, it ain't just the bed I'm gonna
dialog: miss. I'm...
dialog: (he stops suddenly)
dialog: Hell, Billy, I'm sorry. I didn't
dialog: mean...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: It ain't nothin', don't fret it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: She don't like it much, you goin'
dialog: off with me.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Sally?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: She gave me the evil eye.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: It's just... she's a Indian an'
dialog: Indians ain't... overfriendly.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I ain't blamin' her, Ned, I ain't
dialog: holdin' it against her.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: She knew me back then... an' she
dialog: seen what a no good sonofabitch I
dialog: was... an' she won't allow how I've
dialog: changed. She just don't know how I
dialog: ain't like that no more.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well, she...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: I ain't the same, Ned. Claudia,
dialog: she... straightened me up, got me
dialog: clear of the whiskey an' all. Us
dialog: goin' to do this killin'... that
dialog: don't mean I'm back to like I was.
dialog: I just need the money... for a new
dialog: start... for them youngsters.
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: Remember that drover, the one I shot
dialog: in the mouth so's the teeth come out
dialog: the back of his head?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: (long pause) (CONT'D)
dialog: I dream about him now an' again. I
dialog: didn't have no reason to shoot him...
dialog: not one I could remember when I
dialog: sobered up.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You was a... a crazy sonofabitch.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Nobody liked me... none of the boys.
dialog: They was scared of me... figured I
dialog: might shoot 'em out of pure meanness.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You ain't like that no more.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Eagle... he hated my guts.
dialog: Bonaparte didn't like me none.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Nor Quincy, I guess.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Quincy, he was always watchin' me.
text: Scared.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You ain't like that no more.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Hell, no. I'm just a fella now.
dialog: ain't no different from anyone else
dialog: no more.
text: After a pause, Ned rolls over to go to sleep and says
text: something kind by way of saying goodnight.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Hell, Bill, I always liked you...
dialog: even back then.
text: Ned settles in his covers and so does Munny and the crickets
text: chirp for a long moment but Munny can't sleep with the lie.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: No you didn't. You wasn't no
dialog: different, Ned.
dialog: (and we...)
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - DAY
text: DAYLIGHT and a train whistle SCREAMING.
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. RAILROAD COACH - DAY
text: The headline on the newspaper says "President Garfield
text: Wounded." FUZZY, a cowboy, is sitting in the rocking coach
text: reading the paper with great effort, partly because of the
text: motion of the train and partly because Fuzzy can't read very
text: well... but CROCKER, the rough looking cowboy on the seat
text: next to him can't read at all.
speaker_heading: CROCKER
dialog: All I want to know is what sonofabitch
dialog: shot him, that's all. Was it one of
dialog: them John Bull assholes?
text: Across the aisle two well dressed gentlemen are sitting.
text: The one by the window, the lean one in the frock coat and
text: slouch hat, is WW BEAUCHAMP and the one on the aisle, pudgy,
text: pinkcheeked, with neat muttonchop whiskers, wearing a frock
text: coat and waistcoat and a silk slouch hat in spite of the
text: heat, is ENGLISH BOB. English Bob has beady blue eyes, is
text: about thirty-five and pulls constantly on a good cigar.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: (in a rich English
dialog: accent)
dialog: No, sir, I believe the would-be
dialog: murderer is a gentleman of French
dialog: ancestry... or so it would seem. I
dialog: hope I won't give offense if I observe
dialog: that the French are known to be a
dialog: race of assassins, though they can't
dialog: shoot worth a damn...any Frenchman
dialog: among the present company excluded
dialog: of course.
text: Crocker, not liking or understanding the interruption, gives
text: English Bob a hard stare.
speaker_heading: FUZZY
dialog: (to Crocker)
dialog: Says here a fellow by the name of
text: "Gitto." "G-U-I--T..."
speaker_heading: CROCKER
dialog: (eyes on Bob)
dialog: Sounds like a damn John Bull to me.
dialog: "Gitto."
text: THIRSTY, a cowboy sitting behind Crocker, turns in his seat,
text: sensing the tension in the air and WW feels it too and shifts
text: uneasily... but English Bob is unperturbed and he puffs
text: cheerfully on his cigar.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: Well, sirs... again not wishing to
dialog: give offense... it might be a good
dialog: idea if the country were to choose a
dialog: Queen... or even a King ...rather
dialog: than a president. One isn't as quick
dialog: to take a shot at a King or a Queen.
dialog: The majesty of royalty, you see...
speaker_heading: CROCKER
dialog: (provocative)
dialog: Maybe you don't wish to give offense,
dialog: sir, but you are givin' it pretty
dialog: thick. This country don't need no
dialog: queens whatsoever, I guess.
text: Crocker is shifting in his seat so that the revolver in his
text: holster is prominent and there is uneasy stirring among the
text: nearby passengers. A DRUMMER looks around for exits.
speaker_heading: CROCKER (CONT'D)
dialog: As a matter of fact, what I heard
dialog: about Queens...
speaker_heading: THURSTON
dialog: Shut up, Joe.
speaker_heading: CROCKER
dialog: (to Thurston)
dialog: Huh? What's got up your ass, Thirsty?
dialog: This dude asshole...
speaker_heading: THURSTON
dialog: (to Crocker, but his
dialog: eyes on Bob)
dialog: Might be the "dude" is English Bob
dialog: ...the one who works for the Union
dialog: Pacific shootin' Chinamen. Might be
dialog: he wants for some dumb cowboy to
dialog: touch his pistol... so's he can
text: shoot him down.
text: English Bob, unperturbed, just pulls on his cigar.
speaker_heading: CROCKER
dialog: (sobered)
dialog: That a fact, mister? You English
dialog: Bob?
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: (affably)
dialog: Why don't we shoot some turkeys,
dialog: friend? Ten shots... a dollar a
dialog: turkey. I'll shoot for the Queen,
dialog: and you can shoot for... whomever.
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - DAY
text: Turkeys bursting from long Nebrasks grass as the train whistle
text: screams.
text: BLAM! A turkey plummets to earth.
text: BLAM! Another goes down.
scene_heading: VIEW ON ENGLISH BOB
text: On the swaying platform between cars, his pistol smoking and
text: BOB brings it up again fast and sights and BLAM!
text: AN EXPLOSION OF FEATHERS plummeting down and disappearing in
dialog: the long grass.
text: VIEW ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE PLATFORM
text: Where WW Beauchamp, Crocker, Thurston, Fuzzy and the nervous
text: Drummer, in a cheap bowler, are standing. They are all
dialog: impressed with the fact that English Bob is one hell of a
text: shot with a pistol.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: (to Crocker)
dialog: I believe that's eight for me... to
dialog: one for you. A matter of seven of
dialog: your American dollars.
speaker_heading: CROCKER
dialog: (grudgingly counting
dialog: silver dollars)
dialog: Pretty damn good shootin'....
dialog: (daring)
dialog: for a John Bull.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: (accepting the money
dialog: cheerfully)
dialog: No doubt your aim was affected by
dialog: your grief over the injury to your
dialog: uh... president.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STOP - DAY
text: Bawling cattle milling in the pens south of Big Whiskey, and
text: the train hissing and steaming at a standstill.
speaker_heading: CLOSE VIEW
text: Two leather valises and a leather
text: rifle case as MUDDY CHANDLER tosses
text: them on his mud wagon, a sort of
text: open stagecoach. The scene is one
text: of chaos as the train steams and
text: hisses and baggage is tossed off and
text: more is tossed on.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CHANDLER
dialog: It's a nickel up to Big Whiskey,
dialog: gentlemen.
text: Ww hands Chandler the money and, as he and English Bob climb
text: into the mud wagon, they are accosted by GERMANY JOE SCHULTZ
text: who runs the livery stable and does horse business with
text: railway passengers on the side.
speaker_heading: GERMANY JOE
dialog: I godd nize horzes I zell you, boyce.
dialog: Nize prizes for Independence Day,
dialog: boyce.
scene_heading: EXT. MUD WAGON - DAY
text: English Bob and W riding in the mud wagon, bouncing
text: uncomfortably in spite of the slow pace, and eating dust and
text: sweating profusely.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: (irritably)
dialog: It's the climate does it. That and
dialog: the infernal distances.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: Does what?
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: Induces people to shoot persons in
dialog: high places.
dialog: (mopping his brow
dialog: with his handkerchief)
dialog: It's a savage country. That's the
dialog: second one shot in twenty years.
dialog: It's uncivilized shooting people of
dialog: substance.
text: The mud wagon rattles past the South Road sign. It is similar
dialog: to the one of the North Road and says:
scene_heading: NO FIREARMS IN BIG WHISKEY. ORDINANCE 14. DEPOSIT PISTOLS
text: AND RIFLES COUNTY OFFICE.
scene_heading: EXT. BIG WHISKY INN - DAY
text: Deputy ANDY RUSSELL stepping out of the County Office as the
text: mud wagon clatters to a stop in front of the Big Whisky Inn.
text: Andy is just twenty, a good looking kid with a badge on his
text: vest and a holstered pistol. He watches the passengers climb
text: out of the mud wagon and, as English Bob alights, his frock
text: coat parts and gives ANDY just the quickest glimpse of a
text: holstered pistol under the coat.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Pardon me, gentlemen, but local
dialog: ordinance obliges you to surrender
dialog: your sidearms to proper authority
dialog: for the duration of your visit.
text: ww looks at English Bob and English Bob turns and looks Andy
text: up and down very coolly.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: Proper authority eh?
dialog: (breezily)
dialog: Well, sir... neither my companion
dialog: nor I carry firearms on our persons.
dialog: Rather, we trust in the goodwill of
dialog: our fellow man and the forbearance
dialog: of reptiles.
text: And English Bob gives a smart bow, turns with a swirl of
text: coat-tails that allows a brief glimpse of not one, but two
text: holstered pistols, and marches off. As WW follows English
text: Bob, he glances nervously back to see what young Andy will
text: do but Andy just stares nonplussed. In that quick glimpse,
text: Andy saw how the weapons were tied down with thongs, meaning
dialog: the owner wanted a quick pull... and this shit is out of his
dialog: league.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY OFFICE - DAY
text: KER-CHICK, CLACK, A HENRY RIFLE COCKED and the action checked.
text: Andy is cleaning the weapon in the County Office.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Unarmed, my ass.
text: SHUCK, KA-CHAK. CHARLEY HECKER breaks open a single barreled
text: shotgun and moves a shell in.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (wiping his brow
dialog: nervously)
dialog: Christ, it's hot.
speaker_heading: FATTY
dialog: ((cheerfully)
dialog: If I'm gonna get shot, I druther it
dialog: was hot then cold. Everythin' hurts
text: more in the cold.
text: Fatty is sitting in a chair in front of the empty jail cell
text: cleaning a revolver, oblivious to the tension.
speaker_heading: FATTY (CONT'D)
dialog: You know how if you hit your thumb
dialog: in the cold, how it...?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Shut up, Fatty.
speaker_heading: FATTY
dialog: I only said...
text: Outside a horse clatters up fast and Andy jumps nervously to
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: Clyde's back.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Little Bill with him?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Shit.
text: Clyde bursts in the door. He is wearing two gun-belts
text: crossed, with a holster on each side. Since he has only one
text: arm, he carries one pistol butt forward and the other butt
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You boys clean my Remington?
speaker_heading: FATTY
dialog: (holding it up)
dialog: Cleaned an' loaded.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Where's Little Bill for Christ sake?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (inspecting the pistol)
dialog: Ha. He was building his fucking
dialog: porch.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Building his porch!
speaker_heading: FATTY
dialog: If you was to get shot, Andy, would
dialog: you like it better to be a hot day
dialog: or...?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: I ain't gonna get shot.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (to Clyde)
dialog: He's coming ain't he?
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (ejecting shells)
dialog: "Course he's coming.
speaker_heading: FATTY
dialog: Hey, I just loaded her. Watcha doin?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I don't trust nobody to load my guns,
dialog: not for a shootin'.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: What'd he say?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
text: Little Bill? He didn't say nothing.
dialog: Like I said, he was buildin' his
dialog: porch. Have you seen that thing?
speaker_heading: FATTY
dialog: (sulking)
dialog: It was all loaded. Jesus, Clyde,
dialog: you got three pistols an' only one
dialog: arm for Christ sake.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (to Fatty)
dialog: I just don't wanna get killed for
dialog: lack of shootin' back.
dialog: (to Charley)
dialog: You know there ain't a straight angle
dialog: in that whole goddamn porch... or in
dialog: the whole house for that matter.
dialog: He's the worst fucking carpenter.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (worried)
dialog: He didn't say nothin', huh?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (putting the 3rd pistol
dialog: in his belt)
dialog: Asked what they looked like, that's
dialog: all. Christ, maybe he's tough but
dialog: he sure ain't no carpenter.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Maybe he ain't so tough.
text: Clyde looks up, surprised. There is a sudden silence.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (blurting it)
dialog: He seem like... like he was...
dialog: scared?
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: Little Bill? Him scared?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: We never seen him up against any...
dialog: like these ones... killers.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (looking at the
dialog: frightened faces of
dialog: Charley and Andy)
dialog: Little Bill come out of Kansas an'
dialog: Texas, boys. He worked them tough
dialog: towns.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (ashamed)
dialog: Just wondered. Anybody could be
dialog: scared.
text: Andy drops his eyes and looks away from Clyde.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (with meaning)
dialog: No. He wasn't scared, boys. He
dialog: just ain't a good carpenter.
scene_heading: INT. BARBERSHOP - DAY
text: English Bob, delighting in the smooth feel of his freshly
text: shaved pink cheeks, climbs cheerfully out of the barber chair,
text: still chattering at the poor BARBER.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: ...can see that there's a dignity in
dialog: royalty... a majesty... that precludes
dialog: the likelihood of assassination.
text: The Barber is applying his little whisk broom to Bob's
text: waistcoat while WW pulls out his purse to make payment.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: Why, if you were to point a pistol
dialog: at a King or a Queen, sir, I can
dialog: assure you your hand would shake as
dialog: though palsied...
speaker_heading: BARBER
text: (looking at Bob's
dialog: pistols)
dialog: I wouldn't point no pistol at nobody,
dialog: sir.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: (putting on his frock
text: coat over his guns)
dialog: A wise policy. But if you did, I
dialog: can assure you, the sight of royalty
dialog: would cause you to dismiss all
dialog: thoughts of bloodshed and stand...
text: in awe.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Whereas, a president... I mean, why
dialog: not shoot a president?
text: The Barber doesn't know how to take this guy, and just ogles
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB (CONT'D)
dialog: Now this Strawberry Alice person,
dialog: tell me again.
speaker_heading: BARBER
text: Down the street and across. Greely's
text: Beer Garden and Billiard parlor.
dialog: Just ask for Alice and say you want
text: a game of billiards.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: (about to exit)
dialog: Billiards, eh? Even though I don't
dialog: really wish to play?
speaker_heading: BARBER
dialog: Don't matter. They burned the table
dialog: in '78 for firewood.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: Ah, I see.
text: Ww has already stepped out and English Bob follows him out
text: the door.
scene_heading: EXT. BARBERSHOP/MAIN STREET - DAY
text: English Bob steps out the door.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: Come on, W. Let's...
text: Something's wrong! There is a funny quiet and WW is frozen
text: like a ramrod. English Bob looks around.
scene_heading: VIEW ON CHARLIE HECKER
text: Ten yards to Bob's right, pointing a 12 gauge shotgun and
text: Fatty Rossiter a few feet away pointing his old Enfield.
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: VIEW ON ANDY RUSSELL
text: On Bob's left, pale and tense, pointing his Henry, and Clyde
text: Ledbetter kneeling near him, leveling one of his pistols.
scene_heading: VIEW ON LITTLE BILL
text: Standing ten yards away in the empty dusty street where the
text: Fourth of July flags are flapping.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Hullo, Bob. Boys, this here is
dialog: English Bob.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: (under his breath)
text: Shit and fried eggs.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Been a long time, Bob. You run out
dialog: of Chinamen?
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: (recovering his
dialog: composure)
dialog: Little Bill, I thought you were dead.
dialog: I see you shaved off your chin
text: whiskers.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (feeling his chin)
dialog: Well, I was always tasting the soup
dialog: two hours after I et it.
text: VIEW ON THE STREET
text: Empty, silent.
text: VIEW FACES IN THE WINDOW
text: Of the Blue Bottle restaurant. EGGS ANDERSON, TOM LUCKINBILL
text: MRS. PEEVEY, HOPPITY THOMAS, peering out.
text: VIEW ALICE, KATE AND LITTLE SUE IN GREELY'S WINDOW
text: And, in the open doorway, ready to duck for cover, Skinny
text: and Germany Joe Schultz and PADDY MCGEE, the cooper.
scene_heading: VIEW ON ENGLISH BOB
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: What I heard was that you fell off
dialog: your horse drunk and broke your neck.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: I heard that one myself, Bob.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hell, I even thought I was dead til
dialog: I found out it was just I was in
dialog: Nebraska.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Who's your friend?
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: WwW Beauchamp... Little Bill Daggett
dialog: and... "friends."
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: From N-n-newton?... and H-hays and A-
dialog: a-abilene?
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: The same.
text: Charley is taking all this in wide-eyed.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: You work for the railroads too, Mister
dialog: Beauchamp?
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: (scared to death)
text: N-no. I wr-wr-wr-write... I wr-wr-
dialog: write...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Letters?
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: Books. He's my biographer.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (fighting amazement)
text: And WW is reaching for a pocket.
speaker_heading: VIEW
text: Andy and Charley and Clyde and Fatty
text: tensing to fire.
scene_heading: VIEW ON ENGLISH BOB
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: I wouldn't do it, WwW.
text: Ww freezes, terrified... and a puddle of urine forms at his
dialog: feet.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: It's only a b-b-b-book...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (his pistol half-drawn)
dialog: A book, huh?
text: (returning his pistol
dialog: and glancing at the
dialog: piss)
dialog: I guess that means you can read...An'
dialog: I guess you boys seen them signs
dialog: about surrendering your firearms...
dialog: But then, like you told old Andy
dialog: there, you ain't armed, are you,
dialog: Bob?
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: Not really...
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Maybe a couple of Peacemakers...
dialog: (bargaining)
dialog: I imagine you could overlook those,
dialog: eh, Bill? If you didn't see them...
dialog: or hear them?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (cold as ice)
dialog: I guess not, Bob. I don't like guns
dialog: around.
text: With a sardonic glance at the arsenal trained on him English
text: Bob gives a shrug and holds open his coat in surrender,
text: exposing two fancy holstered pistols.
text: Little Bill gives Andy a head signal and Andy steps forward
text: and takes the pistols from English Bob's holsters.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Charley, see what kind of "books"
dialog: Mister Beauchamp is packing... but watch you don't get wet.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: (to Andy)
dialog: Be careful with those, sonny.
text: Onlookers are stepping out of doorways now and moving timidly
text: into the street forming a large semi-circle. The whores are
dialog: among them.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: No shit, Little Bill, all he's got
dialog: is this here book.
text: Charley holds up a dime novel with a lurid cover showing a
text: gentleman in a top hat protecting a woman with his body while
dialog: 41.
text: firing two pistols at seven disheveled looking "Western
dialog: types." The title is "The Duke of Death."
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (reading with effort)
dialog: The... Duck of Death.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: D-d-d-duke. The D-d-duke of Death.
text: English Bob starts to go but Little Bill puts a hand on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Give me the .32, Bob.
text: Furious, English Bob turns and looks into Bill's eyes and
text: then, seeing no alternative, opens his vest esposing a small
dialog: pistol.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: You leave me at the mercy of my
dialog: enemies.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (taking the pistol)
dialog: Enemies, Bob? You been talking about
dialog: the Queen again? On Independence
dialog: Day?
text: A lot of the tension has gone out of the occasion and the
text: crowd is beginning to murmur and people are starting to move
text: and a couple of kids are running when suddenly...
text: CRUNCH! English Bob's face seems to cave in with the force
text: of Little Bill's fist and Bob literally flies backward and
text: slams into the side of the barber shop.
speaker_heading: VIEW
text: Alice gasping... Andy's jaw drops...
text: Little Sue's eyes bulge... Charley
text: gulps.
scene_heading: VIEW ON ENGLISH BOB
text: Slumped against the wall, blood pouring from his unhinged
text: jaw, amazed.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: Wh... what... ?
text: Little Bill walks calmly up to him and WHAM... kicks him
text: hard in the chest.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: VIEW SILKY
text: Having a hard time swallowing and Mrs. Peevey turning away
text: and Eggs horrified and Alice's scared face.
scene_heading: VIEW ON ENGLISH BOB
text: Bloody, on all fours, pulling a knife from his waistcoat...
dialog: but the whole effort is painful and hopeless. He hasn't a
dialog: chance.
text: Little Bill looks down at him for a moment from his enormous
text: height, watching the smaller man's pitiful effort, then
text: SLAM!... Little Bill kicks him in the ribs hard and you can
text: hear air going out of Bob, and Bill steps hard on Bob's knofe
text: hand and the bones crunch loudly.
speaker_heading: VIEW
text: Ww, white as a ghost and Andy is trying not to vomit. There
text: is the sound of another brutal blow.
speaker_heading: VIEW
text: English Bob on all fours in the dusty street now, barely
text: conscious.
text: KA-WHUMP! Little Bill kicks him again, not angrily, but hard.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: I guess you think I'm kickin' you,
dialog: Bob... but it ain't so.
dialog: (WHAM, another kick)
dialog: What I'm doin' is talkin', hear? I'm
dialog: talkin' to all them villains down in
dialog: Kansas an' them villains in
dialog: Cheyenne...
speaker_heading: (WHUMP )
dialog: Lettin' em know there ain't no whores'
dialog: gold...
text: Little Bill turns and looks hard at the whores and Alice is
text: sick from the violence and Little Sue is biting her lip and
text: Silky has tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (turning back to Bob
dialog: and kicking him)
dialog: ...an' how if there was... how they
dialog: wouldn't want to come lookin' for it
dialog: anyhow.
text: Little Bill looks down with eyes as cold as ice and English
text: Bob grovels in the bloody dust, barely conscious.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - DAY
text: Open country under a hot sun and Munny and Ned riding their
text: horses at a walk and the saddles creaking and birds chirping
text: in the five foot high grass. It is late morning in Northern
text: Kansas and they have been riding since dawn, mostly in
text: silence, but Ned has something on his mind and he glances at
text: Munny and frowns and then finally he blurts his question.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Say, Bill... You ever... ever go
dialog: into town... an' all?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (surprised at the
dialog: question)
dialog: Sure, I got to. Got to get supplies.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No. I mean...
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: ...an' get yourself a woman? You
dialog: know?
text: Munny looks away quickly, embarrassed, and it seems like he
text: isn't going to answer and then, when he finally does, he
text: keeps his eyes on the horizon.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Naw. Naw, I don't ever go into town
dialog: for that.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: A man like me... A man like me can't
dialog: get no woman but one he's gonna pay
dialog: for... an' that ain't right... buyin'
dialog: flesh.
dialog: (looking at Ned)
dialog: Claudia, God rest her soul, she
dialog: wouldn't have wanted me doin' nothin'
dialog: like that, me bein' a father, an'
dialog: all.
dialog: (he looks away again)
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (rhetorically)
dialog: Whaddaya do, just use your hand?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
text: (after a nervous glance
dialog: at Ned)
dialog: Sometimes... yeah.
dialog: (looking at the horizon)
dialog: I don't miss it all that much.
text: Ned is shaking his head, wondering at the transformation of
dialog: his old friend when...
dialog: 44.
text: CRACK! A RIFLE SHOT and the Albino mare rears violently,
text: whinnying and hurling Munny out of the saddle and...
text: Ned's roan bolts at full speed, Ned barely staying aboard.
text: CRACK! another shot.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MUNNY
text: On all fours in the tall grass. He
text: feels his forehead and wipes away a
text: little blood, and shakes his head to
dialog: clear it.
text: Then he hears rustling in the long grass and he whirls and
text: pulls the Starr out of his belt and sitting back he aims at
text: where he heard the noise and he pulls back the hammer with a
text: loud click.
speaker_heading: NED'S VOICE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Billy. Billy.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (lowering the pistol,
dialog: relieved)
dialog: Yeah.
text: Ned crawls out of the grass next to Munny.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Some fucker's shootin' at us.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (alarmed, seeing blood)
dialog: He hit you?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Naw. I bumped my head fallin' off
dialog: of my horse.
text: CRACK, another shot. Ned looks puzzled and he lifts his
text: head up and tries to look around without exposing himself.
text: A hundred yards away Ned can see a clump of four or five
text: trees and there is a little cloud of black smoke still hanging
text: in the air there and then a sudden flash of fire, smoke and
speaker_heading: CRACK!
text: Ned doesn't even duck, he just frowns.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: He ain't shootin' our way no more.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: NED (CONT'D)
dialog: (indicating the left)
dialog: He's shootin' over that way. Who's
dialog: he shootin' at over that way?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Beats the hell out of me.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You suppose maybe we're in somebody's
dialog: field?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I didn't see nothin' planted.
text: CRACK. Another shot. Ned ducks urgently.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Fuck, he's shootin' at us again.
text: CRACK, CRACK, CRACK.
speaker_heading: NED (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus, he's shootin' up the whole
dialog: fucking horizon.
text: Munny is thinkinh about it, has an idea, weighs it and gives
dialog: it atry.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (shouting)
speaker_heading: HEY.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You're marking us, Bill.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (ignoring him)
speaker_heading: HEY, KID.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Kid? The Kid's shootin at us?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: IS THAT YOU, KID?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Why would the Kid shoot at us?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
text: HEY KID, IT'S ME, BILL MUNNY.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES - DAY
text: The Kid rifle at his cheek is crouched behind one of the
text: trees. His horse is standing nearby.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: MUNNY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, Kid, is that you? It's me,
dialog: Bill Munny.
text: The Kid is frowning and finally he makes up his mind.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: YEAH. IT'S ME.
speaker_heading: MUNNY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Don't shoot at us no more, okay?
text: The Kid is peering around the tree and squinting ferociously.
speaker_heading: HIS POV:
text: The field. It is one big blur. He can't see worth a shit.
text: The Kid squinting and peering and worrying.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: WHO YOU GOT WITH YOU?
speaker_heading: MUNNY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Ned Logan. My old partner, Ned Logan.
dialog: Don't you shoot no more, okay?
text: The Kid doesn't like it, he's nervous and twitching, trying
text: desperately to see what's going on out there.
speaker_heading: MUNNY'S VOICE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: We're gonna collect our horses an'
dialog: come on over. You ain't gonna shoot
dialog: no more, are you?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: NO, I AIN'T.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES - DAY
scene_heading: VIEW ON MUNNY
text: Bedraggled and sweaty, walking into
text: the clump of trees leading his horse
text: and Ned, behind him, leading his
text: roan and looking just as bad.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Had to chase the damn horse a mile.
text: The Kid is sitting under the shade tree looking sullen.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (angry) ;
dialog: What was you shootin' at us for,
dialog: anyhow?
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Thought you was followin' me.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Well, we was. Like you said, I
dialog: changed my mind an'...
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Wasn't nothin' said about no partner.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well, this here's Ned Logan...Ned,
dialog: this here's the Schofield Kid, nephew
dialog: of Pete Sothow an’...
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I seen two fellas followin' me, I
dialog: guessed they come to kill me.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We didn't talk about no other fella.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
text: (squatting in front
dialog: of The Kid, talking
dialog: in a persuasive tone)
dialog: Well, now Kid, there's two of these
dialog: cowboys, ain't that so? Better
dialog: there's three of us... maybe them
dialog: cowboys got friends. Maybe...
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I was gonna kill them two by myself.
dialog: It don't take three.
text: Ned walks over to where The Kid's rifle is leaning against
text: the tree and The Kid is watching nervously.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Now Ned's a hell of a shot with a
dialog: rifle. Hell, he can hit a bird in
dialog: the eye flyin'.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (picking up The Kid's
dialog: rifle)
dialog: Better'n you anyhow, Kid. You wasn't
dialog: comin' close.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Keep your damn hands offa that rifle,
dialog: Mister.
text: The Kid is touching his pistol and Ned puts the rifle down,
dialog: annoyed.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I was only checkin' it for you.
dialog: Thought maybe somethin' was bent.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Nothin's bent.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well, you was shootin' every which
dialog: way an'...
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (to Munny)
dialog: You gonna share your half with him?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Three ways, I figured.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (to Ned)
dialog: Sorry, Ned. Guess I wasted your
dialog: time. See ya, Kid!
text: Munny turns to go and Ned gives The Kid a disgusted look and
text: turns away.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (to Munny)
dialog: You're goin' back with him?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (turning)
dialog: He's my partner. He don't go, I
dialog: don't.
text: Ned is mounted and Munny starts to mount too, but the mare
text: is as reluctant as ever, shying and prancing while MUNNY
text: hops awkwardly with one foot in the stirrup.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: What's it come to, three ways?
text: Munny turns and looks at The Kid.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - DAY
text: The three of them riding across open country. The Kid looks
text: like he still has a thorn up his ass and the only sound is
text: the creaking of saddles.
text: Storm clouds are gathering behind them on the horizon.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Oh shit.
dialog: 49.
text: And The Kid looks back but of course he can't figure out
dialog: what it is they saw.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: What the hell are you pissin' about,
dialog: I'd like to know?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Well, what were you lookin' at anyhow?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Lookin' at?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Clouds, Kid. We was lookin' at them
dialog: clouds on account of we got a storm
dialog: ridin' up our ass.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (looking back)
dialog: Oh, them.
dialog: (petulantly)
dialog: Hell, I seen them.
text: Ned frowns and looks at The Kid and something is bothering
dialog: Ned.
scene_heading: EXT. STREAM BED - DAY
text: A dry stream bed and the three men are riding single file
text: now with The Kid in the lead but Ned has been thinking and,
text: trotting with his horse, he pulls alongside The Kid.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You was right to change your mind,
dialog: Kid.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (surly, suspicious)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: I'm a damn good shot.
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: See that hawk up there? I could
dialog: kill that hawk with one shot.
text: VIEW on the empty sky. There isn't any hawk.
text: VIEW on Munny who is right beside them is looking up and he
text: doesn't see any hawk and he looks at Ned like he thought Ned
text: was crazy and he frowns.
dialog: 50.
text: The Kid just looks up and squints and looks ahead at the
text: trail and keeps riding.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Hell, I could hit it too if I didn't
dialog: mind wasting a shot.
text: And Munny looks up again, amazed, because they must be crazy,
text: both of them.
text: And Ned reins his horse hard.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: There ain't no hawk up there, Kid.
text: And the Kid reins and turns and he locks eyes with Ned. He
dialog: knows he's been found out.
speaker_heading: NED (CONT'D)
dialog: Can't see worth a shit, can you?
text: The Kid is furious, his eyes flick around and he spots
text: something and he pulls out the Schofield.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: See them fucking turtles?
scene_heading: VIEW ON THREE TURTLES
text: Making their way up the stream bed ten yards away.
text: VIEW ON THE KID
text: His Schofield spitting fire and smoke BLAM, BLAM.
text: VIEW ON THE TURTLE
text: BLAM, the third turtle exploding and following the other two
text: to oblivion.
scene_heading: VIEW ON THE MEN
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (impressed but holding
dialog: back)
dialog: How far kin you see?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Far enough.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: We ain't goin' to Nebraska on no
dialog: turtle hunt. A hundred yards?
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: More.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (testing)
dialog: See that scrub oak yonder?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (to Munny)
dialog: He's blind, for Chri...
speaker_heading: THE KID
text: (pointing his pistol
dialog: at Ned)
dialog: I ain't blind, you asshole.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Now hold on, boys, hold on. Now,
dialog: Kid, you kin see fifty yards, can't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Bet your ass I kin see fifty yards
dialog: an' I kin shoot this sonofabitch...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Easy, Kid, easy.
dialog: (looking Ned in the
dialog: eye)
dialog: Now, you hear that, Ned? The Kid
dialog: can see fifty yards fine, hear?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Fifty yards ain't bad.
dialog: (glancing at the
dialog: horizon)
dialog: Guess we better get along.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY
text: STORM CLOUDS building behind them on the horizon.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY OFFICE - NIGHT
scene_heading: CLOSE ON A BOOK
text: The lurid cover, "The Duke of Death" by W. W. Beauchamp.
dialog: 52.
text: Little Bill is looking at the cover, his feet propped on his
text: desk in the county office. It is night and the office is
text: lit with an oil lamp.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (referring to the
dialog: book)
dialog: Them boys look like real hard cases.
dialog: Did you kill all seven of ‘em dead,
dialog: Bob... or did you just wing some of
dialog: "em?
text: English Bob is lying on his back on a cot in the little cell
text: a few feet away. He turns his head toward Little Bill and
text: his swollen face is horrible to behold. Of course, he doesn't
text: answer except with the nasty eye.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: That is you there, ain't it, Bob?
dialog: The Duck of Death?
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: (daring)
dialog: Uh... Duke.
text: Ww is in the little cell next to English Bob's.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Oh yeah... Duke. Well, Bob, you
dialog: always was hell an' Jesus with a
dialog: pistol... but seven of ‘em, an' you
dialog: protectin' the lady too... How'd
dialog: you do it?
text: English Bob just turns his malignant stare away but WW screws
dialog: up his courage and asserts himself... sort of.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: Uh... It's... uh... generally
dialog: considered desirable in the publishing
dialog: business to... ah... take certain
dialog: license in depicting the cover
dialog: scene... for... ah... purposes
dialog: involving the... ah, market place.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Well, Mister Beauchamp... from what
dialog: I read of this here book, I'd have
dialog: to say the writin' ain't a whole lot
text: different from the pitcher.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: (sweating, but with
dialog: dignity)
dialog: Uh... I can assure you, Mister
dialog: Daggett... the events described within
dialog: are based... on the accounts of eye
dialog: witnesses and...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (opening the book)
dialog: Meaning the duck himself, I guess.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: Duke.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: Duck, I says.
dialog: (reading badly)
dialog: "You have insulted the honor of this
dialog: beautiful woman, Corcoran," said the
dialog: duck. "You must apologize." But Two
dialog: Gun Corcoran would have none of it
text: and, cursing, he reached for his
dialog: pistols and would have killed them
dialog: but The Duck was faster and hot lead
text: blazed from his smoking sixguns."
text: (he tosses the book
dialog: on the desk, disgusted)
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: (with dignity)
dialog: I believe that to be an accurate
dialog: description of the events, sir...
dialog: albeit there is a certain poetry to
dialog: the language which...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (standing up)
dialog: Well, Mister Beauchamp, I was at the
dialog: Blue Bottle Saloon in Wichita the
dialog: night English Bob killed Corky
dialog: Corcoran... an' I didn't see you
dialog: there... nor no woman, nor no two-
dialog: gun shooters nor nothin' like that.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: You were there?
text: ww looks to English Bob for confirmation but Bob's stare
dialog: just gets nastier.
text: Little Bill is warming to the subject though, standing in
text: front of the cell.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: First off... Corky didn't carry two
dialog: pistols, though he should of.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: But he was called...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Some folks did call Old Corky "Two
dialog: Gun" but not because he was sportin'
text: two pistols but because he had a
dialog: dick so big it was longer than the
dialog: barrel on that Walker Colt he carried.
dialog: An' the only insultin' he done was
dialog: stickin' that big dick of his in
dialog: some French Lady that Old Bob was
dialog: sweet on... Well, one day Corky
text: walked into the Blue Bottle and before
dialog: he knows what's happening Bob takes
text: a shot at him... and misses on account
dialog: of he's drunker than hell.
text: Ww is fascinated and he looks to Bob and BOB'S eye is blazing
text: and he looks back at Little Bill who is beginning to act out
text: the scene.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, that bullet whizzin' by panicked
dialog: Corky, an' he done the wrong thing!
dialog: Pulled his gun in such a damn hurry
text: he shot off his own toe. Meantime,
text: Bob aims good and squeezes off
text: another... but he's so drunk he misses
dialog: again an' hits the thousand dollar
text: mirror behind the bar. Well, now
dialog: the Duck of Death is good as dead
dialog: "cause this time Corky does right
dialog: an' aims real good, no hurry...
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: (beside himself)
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Bam! That Walker Colt blew up in
dialog: his hand... which was a failing
dialog: common to that model. Now if Corky
dialog: would have really had two guns instead
dialog: of just a big dick he could have
dialog: defended himself to the end.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: You... you mean...
dialog: (looking at Bob)
dialog: English Bob killed him while...?
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Well he wasn't gonna wait for Corky
text: to grow no new hand. He walked over
dialog: real close, bein' drunk, an' shot
text: him through the liver.
text: Www stares first at English Bob and then at Little Bill,
text: appalled.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Night in the woods and Ned fussing around with his blankets
text: not far from the campfire.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (irritably)
dialog: No sir, I did not give up robbin'
dialog: an' stealin' on account of I got
dialog: religion. I give it up ‘cause I got
dialog: too old for all this here nature.
text: Munny is lying in his blankets a few feet away, exhausted
text: and dirty and not a bit interested in Ned's complaints.
speaker_heading: NED (CONT'D)
dialog: I give it up 'cause I hate sleepin'
text: out in the air... fuckin' sticks in
dialog: my food... an' fuckin' bugs in my
dialog: food... an' fuckin' rocks under my
dialog: back...
dialog: (crawling into the
dialog: blankets)
dialog: Shit, I sure do miss my fuckin' bed.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (irritably)
dialog: Yeah... you said that last night.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Last night I said I missed my fuckin'
dialog: wife... tonight I just miss my
dialog: fuckin' bed.
text: Lightning flashes and a horse whinnies and then the thunder
text: cracks and rolls.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Well, I guess you're gonna miss your
dialog: fuckin' roof soon enough.
scene_heading: EXT. BY THE HORSES - NIGHT
text: The horses, shying and skittish, and The Kid is rubbing his
text: face tenderly on the Morgan and whispering in a soothing
dialog: voice.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP - NIGHT
text: Munny and Ned lying near the campfire and The Kid walks up
text: and starts to fix his blankets.
text: He looks at Munny thoughtfully. Something's bothering him,
text: and finally he blurts it out as he climbs into his own
dialog: blankets.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Say, Bill. That business in Jackson
dialog: County... did that really happen? I
dialog: mean how they say it happened?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: What business?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (a frown, a pause,
dialog: then...)
dialog: An' how there was two deputies up
dialog: close pointin' rifles at you... had
dialog: you dead to rights... an' how you
dialog: pulled out a pistol an' blew them
dialog: both away to hell... an' only took
dialog: a scratch yourself.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Uncle Pete told me he never seen
dialog: nothin' like it, shootin' your way
dialog: out of a scrape like that.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Well... I don't recollect.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (amazed and dubious)
dialog: You don't recollect!
text: The Kid doesn't know whether he's been rebuffed or what, but
text: seeing after a moment that his conversation with Munny is
text: not getting anywhere he decides to have a try at Ned.
speaker_heading: THE KID (CONT'D)
dialog: Say, Ned... ?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (curt)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: How many men you killed?
dialog: (after a long pause)
dialog: Ain't you gonna answer?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I don't like the question.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (indignant )
dialog: Well, I gotta know what kind of fellas
dialog: I'm ridin' with, don't I? In case
text: of a scrape.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: How many you killed, Kid?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Five. I killed five of ‘em.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: That counts a Mexican I killed.
dialog: (pause)
text: He come at me with a knife.
text: There is a long pause and then a flash of lightning and a
text: roll of thunder and the nervous whinnies of the horses.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Get some sleep, Kid.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: You boys are crotchety as a couple
dialog: of hens.
text: Just then the rain starts and it sizzles in the campfire and
text: the horses snort and Ned covers his head with his blankets.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Aw shit!
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY OFFICE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: Actually, then, Mister Corcoran was
dialog: faster on the draw than the D...
dialog: English Bob?
text: Ww is sitting at Little Bill's desk writing furiously with a
text: quill pen. It is still night and Little Bill is lounging in
text: a chair and English Bob is moaning and snoring in the cell.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Faster? Fast was his mistake. If
dialog: he hadn't of been in such a goddamn
dialog: hurry he would not have shot off his
text: toe with his first shot and he would
dialog: have killed old Bob.
dialog: (lecturing)
dialog: See, son, bein' a good shot an' bein'
dialog: quick with a pistol... that don't do
dialog: no harm... but it ain't much next to
dialog: bein' cool.
text: Little Bill pulls out his pistol very deliberately... not
text: slowly, but not like a Hollywood fast draw.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: A man who will keep his head an' not
dialog: get rattled under fire... he will
dialog: kill you like as not.
text: Little Bill is pointing his pistol, aiming.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: But if the other fellow is quicker
dialog: and fires first...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: He will be hurryin' and he will miss.
dialog: That there is as fast as I can pull
dialog: an' aim an' hit anythin' more'n ten
text: feet away... unless it's a barn.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: But... if he doesn't miss?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (laughing and
text: holstering his pistol)
dialog: Then he will kill you. That is why
dialog: there are so few dangerous men like
dialog: old Bob there... an' like me. It
dialog: ain't so easy to shoot a man anyhow...
dialog: an' if the sonofabitch is shootin'
dialog: back at you... well, it'll unnerve
dialog: most fellas.
dialog: (struck with an idea)
dialog: Look here, let me show you somethin'.
text: (he reaches into a
text: drawer in the desk
text: and pulls out a pistol)
dialog: See this here pistol?
text: ww looks at the pistol uneasily and over in the cell English
text: Bob's one eye opens and he moves his head slightly because
text: he senses something is happening.
text: Little Bill holds the pistols out to Ww.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Take it.
speaker_heading: (WW hesitates)
dialog: Go on, take a hold.
text: Nervously WW accepts the gun as though it were hot. Little
text: Bill pulls some keys out of a drawer and tosses them on the
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Them's the keys. All you gotta do
dialog: is shoot me an' you an' English Bob
text: can ride out free as birds.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: (shaking)
dialog: Is... is it... loaded?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Wouldn't be no good if it wasn't.
dialog: You got to cock it though.
text: ww looks nervously over at English Bob and Bob's eye says
dialog: "Do it, do it, do it."
text: Ww gulps and he pulls back the hammer and stands up and looks
text: at Bob again and Bob is nodding "Yes, yes, do it."
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: An' you got to point it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Go on, point it.
text: Slowly, with trembling hand WW raises the gun and points it
text: at Little Bill who looks calmly back at him.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: All you gotta do is pull on the
dialog: trigger, mister.
text: WwW gulps and sweat comes off his forehead and he points the
text: shaking gun and Bob nods "Yes" and WW bites his lip and
dialog: then...
text: Ww lowers the gun slowly. He can't do it. He wipes his
dialog: forehead.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hot, ain't it?
dialog: (reaching for the gun)
dialog: You never even put your finger on
dialog: the trigger.
text: Little Bill is reaching for the pistol but WW has a
text: frightening idea and instead of giving up the pistol he steps
text: backward toward the cell.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: What if... what if I gave it to...
dialog: him.
dialog: (and he indicates Bob)
text: Little Bill's eyes narrow like slits
text: and tension fills the air.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Go ahead... give it to him.
text: English Bob's eye lights up in anticipation and he tries to
text: get up on one elbow.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: _ WW
dialog: (gulping)
dialog: R-r-r-really? You r-r-really w-w-
dialog: want...?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (like ice)
dialog: Give it to him.
text: English Bob is sitting up and reaching for the gun and his
text: eye is on Little Bill and WW reaches out with a shaking hand
text: and ENGLISH BOB'S hand just touches the gun and...
text: Little Bill drops his right hand to his own gun and grips
dialog: the butt and...
text: ENGLISH BOB hesitates, his gaze locked with LITTLE BILL'S
text: and the two men eye each other. Then, furious, ENGLISH BOB
text: withdraws his hand... empty.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Guess he don't want it, Mister
dialog: Beauchamp.
text: Little Bill accepts the pistol from the trembling W and,
text: looking straight into ENGLISH BOB'S angry eye, LITTLE BILL
text: ejects five cartridges from the chambers of the pistol.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: You was right not to take it, Bob. I
dialog: would of killed you.
text: WwW collapses into a chair and wipes sweat from his brow.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: We could use some rain, eh, Mister
dialog: Beauchamp?
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP - DAY
text: BARRRRROOM! THUNDER, LIGHTNING, RAIN IN SHEETS and the Albino
text: mare rearing and screaming and Munny landing in the mud.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: You fucking no-good goddamn shitfaced
dialog: pig fucking dirty whore.
text: It is daylight but the rain is so thick you can't see more
text: than five feet and Munny crawls up out of the mud wearing a
text: slicker and looking like hell, already full of remorse for
text: his outburst.
text: Ned rides up out of the rain leading Munny's horse and Munny
text: tries to mount again.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I didn't mean it, old gal.
text: The Albino rears but Ned is helping and he holds the horse
text: and then grabs the seat of Munny's muddy pants and half shoves
text: him into the saddle.
text: Up ahead, barely visible in the rain, The Kid is holding
text: back his horse impatiently.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - DAY
text: A LITTLE LATER. RAIN. Ned and Munny riding side by side
text: through the downpour and The Kid twenty yards ahead, barely
text: visible. Munny looks like shit and Ned looks at him with
text: concern, deliberates, then reaches into his saddle bag and
text: pulls out a bottle of whiskey and offers it.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I brung this for when we had to kill
dialog: them fellows.
text: (Munny glances at it
dialog: and looks away)
dialog: I guess we could use some now.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Not for me. I don't touch it no
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: God damn it, Bill, it's rainin'.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I know it's rainin',
dialog: (looking ahead)
dialog: Give the Kid a drink, why dontcha?
text: Ned takes a long pull on the bottle, re-corks it and puts it
text: in his saddle bag. He looks sympathetically at his friend
text: hunched unhappily in his saddle.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You think the Kid really killed five
dialog: men?
text: Munny just shrugs and looks back at the trail and keeps
dialog: riding.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (after a while)
dialog: No.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What he was talkin' about... how
dialog: them deputies had the drop on you
dialog: an' Pete...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I remember how there was three of
dialog: them deputies you shot... not two.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (dismissing it)
dialog: Well, I ain't like that no more,
dialog: Ned. I ain't no crazy, killin' fool.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (after a while)
dialog: You still think it'll be easy shootin'
dialog: them cowboys?
text: Munny shrugs and looks straight ahead into the rain. Of
dialog: course, it won't be easy... and they both know it.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: If we don't drown first.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
text: A blazing hot day and English Bob's battered face staring
text: out of the mud wagon which is being loaded up by Chandler.
text: In the distance the train whistle toots eagerly.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (to Chandler)
dialog: Give them keys to the conductor and
dialog: tell him he can loose the cuffs off
text: of Bob soon as he's out of the county.
text: Little Bill is standing beside the mud wagon and WW is
text: standing next to him and a little knot of onlookers forms a
text: semi circle.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: (talking through closed
dialog: teeth)
dialog: Mmmm pistols.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Oh yeah.
text: Little Bill unwraps a cloth and produces the ivory-handled
text: peacemakers... smashed and hopelessly bent. And he gives
text: them to Bob and looks him in his one furious eye.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: I guess you know, Bob, how if I see
dialog: you again I'll just start shootin'
dialog: right off an' figure it's self-
dialog: defense.
text: That's fine with English Bob. He glares back and the two
text: men understand each other perfectly and then Chandler whips
text: the horses and the wagon starts to roll.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: I ain't stealin' your biographer,
dialog: Bob. Stayin' on was his idea.
text: And WwW stands there beside Little Bill and gives Boba
text: shiteating look and English Bob just glares and rolls away.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - MOMENTS LATER
text: As the mud wagon rattles down the dusty street English Bob
text: sticks his horrid swollen face out the window and screams
dialog: insanely:
speaker_heading: ENGLISH BOB
dialog: A plague on you! A plague on the
dialog: whole stinking lot of you! You're
dialog: uncivilized vermin, without laws or
dialog: morals! You're worthless savages!
dialog: I curse you! You're cursed! Cursed!
text: The whores, fanning themselves on Greeley's porch, stare
text: dumbfounded as the madman rolls by raving. Then he's gone.
text: All that remains is the sound of his ranting, diminishing in
text: the distance and a cloud of dust settling on the hot street.
text: Sitting next to Faith on the porch, Alice fans herself grimly.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Nobody's gonna come.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: After what Little Bill done to the
dialog: Englishman.
text: Skinny steps out the door and blinks in the dazzling light
text: and wipes his face.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Delilah, them tables ain't clean.
dialog: Can't you get 'em clean?
text: Delilah gets up and goes in, angrily brushing past Skinny in
text: the doorway.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: SKINNY (CONT'D)
dialog: (after her)
dialog: Well, if you'd cover up your face,
dialog: maybe somebody'd want to fuck with
dialog: you an' you wouldn't have to do all
dialog: the cleanin'.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Whaddaya call them things that cover
dialog: the face?
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: (looking straight
dialog: ahead)
text: A veil.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Yeah, a veil. Christ it's hot.
text: There is a distant roll of thunder and Skinny looks off at
text: the Southern horizon where storm clouds are gathering.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (listlessly)
text: Rain's coming.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: Thank God.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN TRACKS - DAY
text: THUNDER AND LIGHTNING and the train chugging through the
text: storm. A second flash of lightning reveals three drenched
text: riders near the tracks and one of them is having trouble
text: controlling his white horse.
text: Of course it is Munny and as he tries to hold the shying
text: mare a flash of lightning lights up a passing railroad coach
text: and Munny gets just a glimpse of a strange battered face in
dialog: the window.
text: The Kid is handing the whiskey bottle back to Ned and Ned
text: offers it to Munny again.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You sure, Bill?
text: And Munny just shakes his head and wipes rain from his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH ROAD - NIGHT
text: NIGHT AND RAIN and The Kid is chuckling drunkenly and handing
text: the bottle back to Ned who looks at it and tilts it way back.
text: They are riding along the South road in the dark.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: I left you some... about a drop.
text: Munny is hunched in his saddle, shivering, his teeth
text: chattering.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You alright, Bill?
text: Munny doesn't look alright. He looks like shit... looks
text: sick. He doesn't answer and Ned looks worried and takes the
text: last drops from the bottle and tosses it in the road near
text: the ordinance sign which is too dark to read.
scene_heading: INT. ALICE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Alice's room at night, the sound of rain beating hard on the
text: roof. Alice is playing cards with Silky and Faith when Little
text: Sue sticks her head in the door.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: A fella's askin' for you, Alice.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Tonight? You ain't joshin'?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: (looking behind her)
dialog: This way, mister.
text: Silky and Faith pick up the cards to leave.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Must be randy as hell to come out in
dialog: this shit.
text: And then they look up because a water soaked young man with
text: very few front teeth and a ragged stubble is standing in the
text: doorway squinting. It is the Kid.
scene_heading: INT. LITTLE BILL'S HOUSE - DAY
text: DRIP DRIP DRIP. A chamber pot on the floor of Little Bill's
text: house collecting water from a leak in the roof and Little
text: Bill is walking about in stocking feet, making a speech.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: "No," he says, "you are wrong Little
dialog: Bill. That there is no Curly J but
text: a bobbed J." He had worked it over,
dialog: you see?
text: WW Beauchamp is sitting in a chair scratching frantic notes
text: with a quill pen... and a splotch of water hits the paper
text: and he glances up because there is a new leak.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing, oblivious)
dialog: "Jim," I says, "You are a liar anda
dialog: horsethief." Now -- when he seen
dialog: them others wasn't gonna help him
dialog: none -- he started in to cryin' and
dialog: sobbin' and sayin'...
dialog: (mimicking)
dialog: "Don't kill me, Little Bill, don't
dialog: kill me, please don't kill me."
text: ww is trying to write and trying to slide away from the leak
text: without interrupting Little Bill who is delighting in his
text: own narration, oblivious to the new leak.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (in his own voice)
dialog: "Well, Jim," I says, "it makes me
text: sick to see a man struttin' around
dialog: and packin' two pistols an' a Henry
dialog: rifle and cryin' like a baby."
dialog: ww
dialog: Did you... kill him?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: No,... but I can't abide them kind...
dialog: an' you will find a lot of them in
dialog: the saloons... tramps an' drunk
dialog: teamsters an' crazy miners... sportin'
dialog: pistols like they was bad men, but
dialog: not having no sand nor character...
dialog: not even bad character.
text: ww is really getting wet and he is moving the chair.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (on his own wave length)
dialog: I do not like assassins an' men of
dialog: low character like your friend English
dialog: Bob... but Bob ain't no coward who
dialog: will cry to your face an' then...
dialog: ww
dialog: Uh... Sheriff... Uh...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Huh? Oh.
dialog: (looking up sadly)
dialog: Another one, huh? Shit, I guess I'm
text: clean out of receptacles.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: (trying a joke with
dialog: effort)
dialog: Maybe you should... hang the
dialog: carpenter.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (jaw dropping)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: Uh... hang the... uh... carpenter.
dialog: I...
text: There is a sudden loud knocking on the door and Bill turns
text: and goes to the door.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: On a night like this? What the hell?
text: Opening the door he reveals Charlie Hecker, wearing a slicker
text: and shedding water like a waterfall.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Three seedy lookin' fellas come inta
dialog: town, Bill. They're down to Greely's
dialog: an' at least two of ‘em got guns.
scene_heading: INT. BAR ROOM - NIGHT
text: CLOSE on the whiskey bottle and Ned is pouring the bright
text: liquid into his glass and Munny is mesmerized by the dazzling
text: highlights. The two of them are sitting at a table in
text: Greely's smokey, dimly lit bar room and the rain is beating
text: on the roof and there is a checker game at a table fifteen
text: feet away attended by Germany Joe Schultz, Tom Luckinbill, a
dialog: farmer, Eggs Anderson, the local restauranteur and Paddy
text: McGee the cooper. All of them are sneaking occasional,
text: furtive glances at the strangers, as is Fatty who is talking
text: to Skinny at the bar.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: ...in hell's takin' The Kid so long?
dialog: You suppose he...
dialog: (seeing Munny)
dialog: Jesus, Bill you look like shit.
text: Munny looks dazed and shakes his head to clear it.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: You... you remember Eagle Hendershot?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Huh? Uh... yeah.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I seen him.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: He's dead, Bill.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
text: His head was all busted open so's
dialog: you could see the inside.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Jesus, Bill, you got fever. Take a
dialog: drink, will you?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (ignoring Ned)
dialog: Worms was comin' out.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Listen, Bill, I'm gonna see what's
dialog: takin' The Kid so long. Must be
dialog: he's gettin' an advance offa them
dialog: sportin' ladies.
text: Ned starts for the back room, then stops and goes back.
speaker_heading: NED (CONT'D)
dialog: Say, Bill... If I was to... take a
dialog: little while myself... I guess you...
dialog: I guess you... I guess you don't
dialog: want to come?
text: Munny shakes his head "no" and, as Ned departs for the
text: Billiard Room, Munny stares vacantly at the whiskey bottle.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: . me your pistol, mister.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (looking up, startled)
dialog: Huh?
text: The big man in the dripping slicker is standing only ten
text: feet away... Little Bill. And Little Bill is looking at
text: him. Munny can feel everybody in the room staring at him.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: I says, "You'll want to give over
dialog: your pistol."
text: Munny can see Charley moving slowly along the wall on the
text: left for position... and Fatty is over on the right, Skinny
text: beside him... and WW is by the door shifting nervously and
text: the checker players are frozen in their seats and Munny can
text: feel them all... watching him.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Uh, no. No, I ain't drunk.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (almost friendly)
dialog: Ordinance says you got to turn in
dialog: your firearms to the County office
dialog: day or night. I guess you didn't
dialog: read it with the weather an' all.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Well... uh... I... I ain't got no,
dialog: uh, firearms.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (not friendly any
dialog: more)
dialog: Them friends of yours in the back,
dialog: they carryin' pistols?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I... dunno. I mean, I guess not.
dialog: No, they ain't carryin' no guns.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: You're spillin' your whiskey, mister.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Like I said, I...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Uh, William... uh... Hendershot.
text: Little Sue looks timidly in from the Billiard Room, bites
text: her lip, and retreats quickly.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Well, Mister Hendershot, if I was to
dialog: call you a no good sonofabitch an' a
dialog: liar, an' if I was to say you shit
dialog: in your pants on account of a cowardly
dialog: soul... well, I guess then, you would
dialog: show me your pistol right quick an'
dialog: shoot me dead, ain't that so?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (trapped)
dialog: I... I guess I might... but like I
dialog: said, I ain't armed.
text: Little Bill pulls out his pistol and points it at Munny and
text: makes a little motion with the barrel that means "get up"
text: and Munny gets up.
dialog: 70.
text: Little Bill steps close to him and reaches out with his left
text: hand and opens Munny's coat revealing the Starr tucked in
text: his belt.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: I guess you just carry it for snakes
dialog: an' such.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Uh... yeah. Yeah.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (cold)
dialog: There ain't no snakes in here, Mister
dialog: Hendershot.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Well, uh... it ain't loaded.
text: Little Bill takes the pistol out of Munny's belt and slowly
text: and deliberately ejects five cartridges and he looks at Munny
text: who is sweating and Munny just wants a way out.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, the powder's wet an...
text: WHACK! Little Bill brings the muzzle of the gun across
text: Munny's temple and blood flows and Munny goes to one knee
text: and Little Bill kicks him hard, WHUMP!
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (turning to Ww)
dialog: Mister Beauchamp, this here is the
dialog: sort of trash I was speakin' of.
text: Munny is struggling to his feet and staggering weak-kneed to
text: the table where he grabs the whiskey bottle and breaks it
text: off and turns groggily to face Little Bill.
text: Little Bill, unperturbed, advances on him and when Munny
text: strikes desperately with the bottle, Little Bill blocks his
text: blow easily and slams him hard with the muzzle of the pistol
text: and Munny goes down again.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (to ww)
dialog: You will find these kind in the
dialog: saloons of your prosperous
dialog: communities.
dialog: (WHUMP, he kicks Munny)
dialog: But you will not find none of them
dialog: in Big Whiskey.
text: Munny is on the floor on all fours, trying gamely to get up.
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: EXT. ALICE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Ned pushing The Kid out the window of Alice's room and The
text: Kid isn't fully dressed and neither is Ned but he pushes him
text: frantically into the rainy night anyway and Alice is urging
text: them on and Little Sue looks ready to wet her pants.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (to Ned)
dialog: Hurry.
dialog: (to Little Sue)
dialog: You know what to say to Little Bill?
text: Little Sue nods "yes" but she is speechless with terror and
text: Alice hands Ned's boots out the window to him.
scene_heading: EXT. ALICE'S WINDOW - NIGHT
text: Outside the window, NIGHT, RAIN, and Ned and The Kid trying
text: to get dressed in the mud and Alice sticks her head out the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You got to look sharp for that old
dialog: oak. You miss the oak an' you ain't
dialog: gonna find it.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (to The Kid)
dialog: Never mind your shirt, get them boots
dialog: on.
text: Ned is trying to get his own boots on and he goes down on
text: his ass in the mud.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: The roof ain't much but...
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: What about Bill? What we gonna do
dialog: about...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Come on, Kid. I hope them horses is
dialog: still there.
scene_heading: INT. BAR ROOM - NIGHT
text: Munny crawling along the floor of the bar room, covered with
text: blood, heading for the door.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Let the man out, WW. He is desiring
dialog: to leave the hospitality of Big
text: Whiskey behind him.
dialog: 72.
text: Munny is crawling past WW's legs and WW looks down at the
text: miserable semi-conscious creature and he sees clearly the
text: left hand and the three fingers as they fight for traction
text: and then WW steps to the door and opens it and Munny crawls
text: into the rain and the night.
scene_heading: INT. ALICE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: SLAP! Alice gets Little Bill's big hand across the face.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Easy, Little Bill, she's gotta work
dialog: she's gotta turn a dollar a time.
text: Little Bill glares at Skinny. They are in Alice's room and
text: Charley is there and Little Sue and WW and it is pretty
dialog: crowded.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (to Alice)
dialog: If they was just here for the fuckin',
dialog: how come they lit out the back window?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (defiant)
dialog: On account of they seen you was
dialog: beatin' on their friend.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: (bravely)
dialog: Th-th-they just c-c-come for the b-b-
dialog: billiards, Little Bill, honest.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (snorting)
dialog: Billiards!
dialog: (to Little Sue)
dialog: An' they was just passin' through?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: Th-th-they was g-g-goin to F-f-fort
dialog: B-b-buford t-t-to...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (nasty)
dialog: You just kicked the shit out of a
dialog: innocent man, you big asshole.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Innocent of what?
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH END OF TOWN - NIGHT
text: The south end of town, NIGHT, RAIN and the Albino mare walking
text: aimlessly with Munny slumped in the saddle and then two riders
text: come from between two shadowy buildings and it is The Kid
text: and Ned and they come alongside Munny, one on each side of
dialog: 73.
text: him and Ned lifts his slumped head up and looks at the
text: battered face and winces and says with his eyes what The Kid
text: says with his tongue.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Oh, Jesus. Oh, Jesus.
scene_heading: INT. SHED - NIGHT
text: CANDLELIGHT, Ned and The Kid, and Ned is sewing Munny's face
text: with a needle and thread.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Hold him, dammit.
text: It is some sort of straw-filled shed and they have stuck a
text: candle on a board.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (sickened)
dialog: Jesus.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You done this before?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (working)
dialog: Plenty of times.
text: Munny is only semi-conscious and The Kid is holding his face
dialog: still.
speaker_heading: THE KID
text: His pistol must of jammed.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Move the candle closer, I can't see.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: He wouldn't of took no beating like
dialog: that if it hadn't of jammed. He
dialog: wouldn't just give it over an' not
dialog: shoot no one.
scene_heading: INT. SHED - DAY
text: DAYLIGHT in the shed and Munny's face, waxy yellow, crude
text: stitching, hideous swelling eyes vacant, breathing heavy.
text: He is lying in the straw and The Kid is looking down at him
text: with distaste. The Kid is only partly dressed.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: He don't look so good.
text: The sound of the rain is different: it's still coming but it
dialog: isn't a storm any more.
dialog: 74.
text: The shed is an irregular shelter because one wall and various
text: parts of the roof have collapsed and the woods outside are
text: clearly visible.
text: Silky is sitting on some straw straightening her clothes and
text: Ned and Alice are climbing out of a corner where they have
text: obviously been at it and are in various states of dress.
speaker_heading: THE KID (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Alice)
dialog: He didn't even pull his pistol, huh?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: He ain't as tough as you, Kid.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Well, I guess I woulda at least pulled
dialog: my pistol an...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Shit, Kid, you pulled your pistol...
dialog: right outta the lady an' out the
text: back window.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: That was your idea, I wanted to...
speaker_heading: SILKY
dialog: (getting up and
dialog: smoothing herself)
dialog: We gotta go.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Huh? Already? Hey, I'm near ready
dialog: for another advance.
speaker_heading: SILKY
dialog: You're gonna use it all up before
dialog: you get it.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (about to leave)
dialog: No more advances on what you ain't
dialog: done yet.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Well, we're just waitin' on the
dialog: weather. If the weather breaks
dialog: tomorrow we could...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (to Alice)
dialog: We're gonna need more food... at
dialog: least three days worth...
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Three days? We could kill 'em
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: NED
text: (a sharp look at The
dialog: Kid)
dialog: I don't kill nobody without him.
dialog: (indicating Munny)
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: We don't need him. The two of us
dialog: could do it.
text: The horses are partly under the roof and Alice and Silky are
text: leading theirs out and nobody is paying attention to The
dialog: Kid.
speaker_heading: THE KID (CONT'D)
dialog: (petulantly)
dialog: He ain't nothin' but a broken down
dialog: pig farmer.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (mounting her horse,
dialog: to Ned)
dialog: One of us'll bring food in the
dialog: morning. I guess you'll want some
dialog: whiskey.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: An' medicine if you got it...
text: The Kid walks over to the edge of the broken wall and from
text: the other corner Munny moans loudly and then screams.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Ohhhhh, ooohhhh no. No, I didn't do
dialog: nothin'.
text: Ned hurries over to Munny and The Kid is left there with the
text: two Whores who are both mounted now and The Kid is
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Don't it make you sick, hearin' him
dialog: like that?
dialog: (The Whores turn their
dialog: horses)
dialog: Don't you ladies worry none...Me an'
dialog: Ned, we'll kill those two fuckers.
text: And The Kid has picked up two pieces of paper that the whores
text: gave them earlier and they are charcoal sketches, one of
text: Davey Bunting and the other of Quick Mike and they are pretty
dialog: fair likenesses.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. SHED - NIGHT
text: CLOSE on a lantern hanging from a beam in the shed and it is
dialog: night again and the rain has stopped though you can still
text: hear water dripping from the eaves.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: It was a lot of shit what my uncle
dialog: told me, huh?
text: They are playing cards on the straw floor, Ned and The Kid
text: and Ned doesn't look up from his cards.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Depends what he told you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: About Bill, you mean?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: All of it. About him, an' you an'
dialog: Uncle Pete... about robbin' the Rock
dialog: Island Pacific... an' about them
dialog: Missouri Banks.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: We done that stuff.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Well I guess Bill Munny wasn't no
dialog: fearless killer an' bank robber like
dialog: he said.
text: In the other corner of the room Munny gives a loud moan and
text: both men look at him and then back to their cards.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Kid, it ain't gonna mean nothin' to
dialog: you, but the roof I built on my house,
dialog: it don't have a leak in it... not
dialog: one.
dialog: (The Kid looks
dialog: perplexed)
dialog: Most folks think a school house is
dialog: the first sign of civilizin'...but I
dialog: say it's a good roof.
dialog: Well, that amazes The Kid, being stuck here with these train
dialog: robber-bad men and now this shit about roofs and he just
text: stares.
speaker_heading: MUNNY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Claudia... No... Oh, Jesus, Claudia,
dialog: ohh...
text: Ned gets up and takes the lantern over to where Munny is
text: lying and kneels beside him. Munny looks ghastly, at death's
dialog: door.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Claudia... ain't here, Bill.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (reaching)
dialog: Ned... Is that you, Ned?
dialog: (holding Ned's arm)
dialog: Ned, I seen... death.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Easy, Bill.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I seen the angel of death Ned, an' I
text: seen the river.
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: He's a snake, he got... snake eyes.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Who, Bill? Who got snake eyes?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: The angel... the angel of death. I'm
dialog: scared, Ned. Ned, I'm gonna die.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Easy, Bill, easy.
text: The Kid has walked over and is watching and it fascinates
text: and scares him and he watches and swallows hard.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I seen her... I seen Claudia too...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (soothing)
dialog: Well, that's good now, ain't it,
dialog: Bill? Seein' Claudia an...?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: She was all covered with worms. Oh,
dialog: Ned, I'm scared of dyin'...
text: The Kid can't takes any more and he turns and walks away and
text: Ned tries to comfort Munny and Munny grabs him and pulls him
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ned... don't tell nobody... don't
dialog: tell the kids... don't tell 'em none
dialog: of... none of the things I done.
text: And Ned has tears in his eyes and Munny's eyes are staring
dialog: and he is seeing something horrible and we
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: EXT. SHED - DAY
text: A VISION, DAYLIGHT and the horse horribly bloody, screaming
text: silently in agony while the sound is the sound of night and
text: the shed and the rain dripping but that doesn't diminish the
text: agony of the bloody animal as the whip falls on the head and
text: the eyes and we see the YOUNG MAN cruelly wielding the whip.
text: It is Munny fifteen years earlier and it is a picture of
dialog: unbelievable cruelty and viciousness... because that is what
dialog: he was like and what he remembers.
scene_heading: INT. SHED - NIGHT
text: NIGHT in the shed, a little moonlight coming in through the
text: open wall. The lantern is out and the sound is the sound of
text: Munny's labored breathing and Ned and The Kid are in their
dialog: blankets.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: He's gonna die, ain't he?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Well, suppose he does?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: We'll bury him.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: That ain't what I mean.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You mean, am I gonna help you kill
dialog: them cowboys?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I can't spot 'em myself but you could.
dialog: That red-haired one, you could spot
dialog: a half-mile off, I bet.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: An' if I spot ‘em?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I'll ride up close an' shoot ‘em!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Just like that?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I told you I'm a damn killer. I
dialog: done it before.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: THE KID (CONT'D)
dialog: (pause, you can hear
dialog: Munny breathing)
dialog: I'm more killer than him.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Hell, yeah.
scene_heading: INT. SHED - DAY
text: DAYLIGHT and the cut-whore's face. Delilah is leaning over
text: Munny wiping his brow. He is lying in the straw looking up
text: at her and he looks like shit... his face ghastly pale and
text: stubbled and covered with horrible cuts and bad stitching...
text: but his eyes are clear.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I thought... you was an angel.
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: (embarrassed, getting
dialog: up)
dialog: You ain't dead.
text: Delilah goes over to her horse and gets some packages out of
text: the saddle bags. Munny tries to sit up weakly.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Some big guy beat the shit out of
dialog: me.
dialog: (feeling his sore
dialog: face)
dialog: I guess I must look a lot like you,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: (angry, hurt)
dialog: You don't look nothin' like me,
dialog: mister.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I didn't mean no offense.
dialog: (she doesn't answer)
dialog: I guess you're the one them cowboys
dialog: cut up.
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Ned an' The Kid, my partners, are
dialog: they... ?
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: They went out scouting when they saw
dialog: your fever broke.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Scouting?
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: On the Bar T... looking for... them.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Oh. How long I been here?
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: (still cold)
dialog: Three days. Are you hungry?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Three days? I must be.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS NEAR SHED - DAY
text: CLOSE on robins, four of them in the woods near the shed and
text: Munny is watching them where he sits wolfing chicken hungrily,
text: his back against the shed. Delilah is watching him eat.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I thought I was gone. See them birds?
dialog: Most times I wouldn't even notice
dialog: them birds much. But I'm noticin'
dialog: "em real good 'cause I thought I was
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: I brought your hat. You... left it
text: down at Greely's.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: That big guy lookin' for me?
text: As he looks over at her Munny's eye falls briefly on her
text: exposed ankle and Delilah feels the look.
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: Little Bill? He thinks you went
dialog: North.
text: Munny can't help it and his eye flicks back to the ankle.
speaker_heading: DELILAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you really going to kill them?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (unenthusiastically)
dialog: Yeah, I guess.
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: There's still a payment, ain't there?
text: She nods and she moves so that more ankle is showing, but
text: Munny's eye is drawn to her breasts as she moves, then he
dialog: 81.
text: looks away quickly, guiltily and they sit there silently
dialog: until...
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: Them other two, they been takin'
text: advances on the payment.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Advances?
text: He can't help looking at her body and she knows it.
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: Free ones.
text: Her body is getting to him.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (stupidly)
dialog: Free ones?
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: Alice an' Silky gave them... free
dialog: ones.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (understanding,
dialog: embarrassed)
dialog: Oh. Yeah.
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: (shy, timid)
dialog: You want... a free one.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (looking away,
dialog: embarrassed)
dialog: Me? No. No, I guess not.
text: And Delilah is hurt... crushed. She gets up and covers it
text: by picking up the remains of the chicken and Munny is too
text: embarrassed to look at her.
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: (covering her hurt)
dialog: I didn't mean... with me. Alice and
dialog: Silky, they'll give you one... if
dialog: you want.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I... I guess not.
dialog: (unusually perceptive
dialog: suddenly)
dialog: I didn't mean I didn't want one 'cause
dialog: of you bein' cut up. I didn't mean
dialog: that.
dialog: 82.
text: Delilah keeps her back to him.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: (trying to get up)
dialog: It ain't that at all. You're a
dialog: beautiful woman. What I said before,
dialog: how I might look like you ... I didn't
dialog: mean you was ugly like me, hell no...
dialog: I only meant how we both had scars.
text: He is standing weakly, supporting himself on the wall and
text: his speech is so sincere and Delilah wants to believe it.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: You're a beautiful woman an'... if
dialog: I was to want a free one, I guess
dialog: I'd want you more than them others.
dialog: It ain't... See... I can't have no
dialog: free one on account of my wife...
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: Your wife?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Yeah. See?
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I admire that, you being true to
dialog: your wife. I've seen a lot of...
dialog: of men... who weren't.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (pleased and
dialog: embarrassed)
dialog: Yeah, I guess.
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: She back in Kansas?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Uh... yeah. Yeah. She's uh...
dialog: watchin' over the little ones.
text: And Munny gives her what for him is his best social smile...
text: sort of like a pig strangling.
scene_heading: EXT. BOX CANYON - DAY
text: VIEW on the BAWLING CALF and the red hot iron coming out of
text: the fire. It is midday in the box canyon and the four
text: cowboys, Texas Slim, Johnny Foley, Lippy Macgregor and Davey
text: Bunting are branding strays and Johnny has the calf down
text: ready for the pigging string but the calf kicks loose and
text: knocks Johnny into the fire and the other three cowboys are
text: guffawing, their sweaty faces full of the camaraderie of
text: hardworking men who might get irritable by the end of the
dialog: 83.
text: day but not yet. And then like a flash, still laughing,
text: young Davey is on his paint and riding like hell after the
dialog: stray and it is beautiful to watch because he and the paint
dialog: are like one.
text: CRACK! A rifle shot and the pony does a violent somersault
text: and Davey goes over in a spray of dirt and fifty yards away
text: Texas Slim, Lippy and Johnny stare in frozen horror.
text: The downed pony spurts blood from his nostrils, and Davey's
text: right leg is pinned under the dying paint's flank and they
text: are maybe fifteen yards from the edge of the canyon and
text: Davey's first thought is the pony.
speaker_heading: DAVEY
dialog: Oh, Jesus, fella...
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Boys, my pony's hurt...
text: And turning he sees the three cowboys standing fifty yards
text: away, frozen in their tracks.
speaker_heading: DAVEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Boys...
text: And they suddenly turn and run away toward some rocks and it
text: is only then that the terror hits Davey and in a sudden panic
text: he tries to get free of the horse.
speaker_heading: DAVEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, Jesus, boys, my leg's broke.
dialog: I'm pinned, boys.
scene_heading: EXT. BOULDERS - DAY
text: VIEW on Ned, his face covered with sweat, the Spencer against
text: his cheek and he is crouched among some boulders up the canyon
text: wall about three hundred yards from Davey and Munny is looking
text: over Ned's shoulder and The Kid is trying to see, too,
text: squinting desperately, but he can't see shit.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Finish him, Ned.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: He ain't dead? You didn't get him?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (to the Kid, without
dialog: turning)
text: He got the boy's horse.
text: Looking down the barrel of the rifle Ned can see Davey
text: struggling frantically to get free of the horse and it is an
text: easy shot and Ned is sweating, his hand is shaking and he
text: can hear Munny's voice.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: MUNNY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Better get him 'fore he gets clear
text: of the horse, Ned.
text: And Ned is shaking and CRACK, he fires.
scene_heading: EXT. BOX CANYON - DAY
text: VIEW on Davey and dust kicking up a foot away and the extra
text: terror gives him the strength to pull free of the horse.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (distant, shouting)
dialog: Assassin assholes. You dirty asshole
dialog: sonsabitches.
scene_heading: EXT. BOULDERS - DAY
text: Munny and Ned and The Kid and Ned is shaking.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Did you kill him?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
text: He's clear of the horse, Ned.
dialog: Better get him.
scene_heading: EXT. BOX CANYON - DAY
text: VIEW on Davey and he is crawling clear of the horse but his
text: leg is broken and it's hard and he looks toward the rocks
text: where his friends are hiding sixty yards away.
speaker_heading: TEXAS SLIM'S VOICE
dialog: (from behind rock)
dialog: Behind you, Davey. Go for them rocks
dialog: behind you.
text: And turning, Davey can see a couple of boulders only fifteen
text: yards away that will provide cover.
scene_heading: EXT. BOULDERS - DAY
text: Ned aiming and shaking.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: What happened? He ain't dead? what's
dialog: goin' on?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (to Ned)
dialog: If he gets behind them rocks we ain't
dialog: gonna get him... not without we go
dialog: down there.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: What rocks? Why don't you shoot?
dialog: What's goin' on?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Fuckin' bushwhackin' assholes.
text: And looking down the barrel Ned can see Davey crawling for
dialog: the rocks and it is an easy shot and he can't do it and he
text: looks up at Munny and the agony in his eyes says it all.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Ain't you gonna shoot? Is he dead?
text: Munny grabs the rifle and Ned moves aside and slumps against
text: a rock and Munny looks down the barrel and aims.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I ain't much of a shot.
scene_heading: EXT. BOX CANYON - DAY
text: Davey crawling and CRACK! The dust kicks up eight feet away.
text: He is ten yards from the boulders and it is agony to crawl.
speaker_heading: LIPPY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Keep goin', Davey boy.
text: CRACK! Dust puffs up three feet from Davey's head.
scene_heading: EXT. BOULDERS - DAY
text: Munny, the rifle at his cheek and The Kid leaning frantically
text: over his shoulder, trying to see.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: What happened, did you hit him?
text: BANG! BANG! Pistol shots from below and the bullets ping
text: harmlessly among the rocks.
speaker_heading: THE KID (CONT'D)
dialog: They're shootin' at us.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: We'll kill you, you assholes.
text: Munny is aiming, he can see Davey, nearer shelter now.
text: CRACK! He fires and sees the dust spurt near Davey.
speaker_heading: LIPPY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: You assholes... you stinking ambushing
dialog: assholes.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Did you get him? Where is he?
scene_heading: EXT. BOX CANYON - DAY
text: Davey crawling frantically and CRACK!... dust explodes only
text: inches from his head and he is pulling himself frantically
text: and he is only three yards from safety.
scene_heading: EXT. BOULDERS - DAY
text: CLOSE on Munny and he is sweating.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: How many shots I got, Ned?
text: Ned is sitting there dazed, staring vacantly. BANG, BANG,
text: BANG, return fire pings off the rocks.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: (aiming)
dialog: HOW MANY LEFT GODDAMIT?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Two.
text: And looking down the rifle Munny can see Davey's head
text: disappear behind the boulder and CRACK, Munny fires again.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Did you get him?
text: BANG BANG BANG the pistol fire.
speaker_heading: TEXAS SLIM'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Keep goin', Davey.
text: Munny is cocking and aiming for his last shot and he can see
text: Davey's legs sticking out from the rock and they're not
dialog: moving.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Tell me... Christ...
speaker_heading: JOHNNY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: ...murderin' bastards...
speaker_heading: LIPPY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: ...fuckin' skunks...
text: CRACK, Munny fires.
scene_heading: EXT. BOX CANYON - DAY
text: VIEW ON dust puffing as Davey's legs disappear behind the
text: boulder, and there is a low groan.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: EXT. BOULDERS - DAY
text: VIEW on Munnt sitting back against the rock, exhausted,
text: covered with sweat and he holds the rifle up to The Kid.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Better re-load it.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: You missed him? You didn't...?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I got him.
speaker_heading: DAVEY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (scared, hurt)
dialog: Jesus, boys, I'm shot... they shot
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: TEXAS SLIM'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: You tramps... you murderin' tramps.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: He ain't killed.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (washed out)
dialog: Maybe, maybe not. Got him in the
dialog: gut, I think.
scene_heading: EXT. BOX CANYON - DAY
text: Davey lying behind the boulder and the whole front of him is
text: soaking in bright red blood and the sun is beating down.
speaker_heading: DAVEY
dialog: Oh Jesus... I'm hurt... I'm hurt.
dialog: They shot me...
scene_heading: EXT. BOULDERS - DAY
text: Munny sitting there, his back against the rock, staring
text: vacantly and Ned looks the same.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (derisively)
dialog: Them assholes can't hit us up here.
dialog: Just wastin' bullets.
text: The cowboys must realize that because they stop shooting and
text: you can hear Davey moaning and Ned and Munny just sit there
text: and sweat and The Kid is pacing up and down.
speaker_heading: THE KID (CONT'D)
dialog: You think he's gonna die? You think
dialog: we killed him?
dialog: 88.
text: Ned and Munny look into each other's eyes.
speaker_heading: DAVEY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Help me, boys, help me...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: Yup... we killed him, I guess.
speaker_heading: DAVEY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, Jesus, help me boys, I don't
dialog: want to die... I don't want to die.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (rattled, shouting)
text: SHOULDN'T OF CUT UP NO WOMAN, YOU
speaker_heading: ASSHOLE.
scene_heading: EXT. BOX CANYON - DAY
text: Davey is lying there behind the boulder drenched in blood,
text: looking up at the blazing noonday sun.
speaker_heading: DAVEY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: I'M DYIN', BOYS.
text: He pauses then, and then he speaks in a normal voice, as
text: though to himself, to express his amazement, to test reality.
speaker_heading: DAVEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm dyin'.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm dyin'.
dialog: (shouting, panicked)
dialog: BOYS, I'M DYIN'!
scene_heading: EXT. BOULDERS - DAY
text: Munny sweating and looking up at the sun, and Ned staring
text: vacantly.
speaker_heading: DAVEY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I'm thirsty, Slim, Jesus, I'm thirsty.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Bring me a drink won't you, Slim?
dialog: One drink, Slim... I'm dyin', Slim...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Boys, bring me a drink. it is getting
text: to all three of them and Munny looks
text: up at the sun and then Ned gets up
text: and he walks over to a rock and he
text: vomits.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: DAVEY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: One drink... please, boys... just
dialog: one d...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (leaping up, shouting)
scene_heading: BRING HIM SOME GODDAMN WATER, YOU
scene_heading: ASSHOLES.
text: THE BOULDERS. Nothing happens, you can't tell if the cowboys
dialog: are behind there or not.
speaker_heading: DAVEY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Please boys... I'm shot in the gut...
dialog: I'm bleedin'... bring me...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (shouting)
text: WILL YOU TAKE HIM A FUCKING DRINK
text: FOR CHRIST SAKE! WE AIN'T GONNA
speaker_heading: SHOOT.
text: There is a pause and Munny looks down at the boulders where
text: the cowboys are hiding.
speaker_heading: TEXAS SLIM'S VOICE
dialog: (from behind the
dialog: boulder)
dialog: You ain't gonna shoot?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: No.
text: And then, after a long moment, Munny sees Texas Slim come
text: out from behind the boulder and run nervously toward the
text: rock where Davey lies and he is carrying a canteen.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Don't you shoot him, you assholes.
text: The Kid is trying to see but of course he can't.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: They takin' water?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Munny is watching and he sees Texas Slim disappear behind
text: the boulder where Davey is lying and there is a moment of
text: silence... and then the voice, a scream of grief and
dialog: anguish...
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: TEXAS SLIM'S VOICE
dialog: (from behind the
dialog: boulder)
dialog: Oh, Jesus, Johnny, they've killed
dialog: him... they've shot up his gut...
dialog: oh Jesus, they've killed young
dialog: Davey... oh, those murderin' bastards,
dialog: they've killed our Davey...
text: And The Kid spits in the dust and Ned wipes his forehead
text: with his bandanna and Munny scuffs the dirt with his boot.
speaker_heading: HOOVES ON
text: FLAT ROCK and the three riders, Munny, Ned and The
text: Kid, are trotting their horses over a smooth slab of rock
text: near a hill. They are silent, glum, then,
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: When we gonna double back?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
text: After a ways.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (not looking at them)
dialog: Not me.
text: Munny looks up sharply but Ned just looks straight ahead.
dialog: Ned reins
dialog: Kid.
speaker_heading: NED (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm goin' on down to Kansas.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: We got to kill this other one first.
dialog: (Ned doesn't answer)
dialog: Shit, Ned, if we're lucky, we could
dialog: kill him by nightfall... or maybe
dialog: tomorrow morning. Then we could
text: head back, all three of us, with the
dialog: money.
text: in his horse and Munny pulls up too and then The
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (looking him in the
dialog: eye)
dialog: You want the Spencer, Bill?
dialog: (he holds out the
dialog: rifle)
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (lamely)
dialog: Shit, Ned, this ain't the time to
dialog: quit.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: You're gonna lose your share. If
dialog: you don't...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Shut up, Kid.
text: Ned just holds out the rifle and after a moment Munny takes
text: it and Ned takes a box of cartridges from his pocket and
text: hands them over.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'll see you, Bill. See you, Kid.
text: And he turns his horse and heads off across open country at
text: a trot and Munny watches him go till he's about fifty yards
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (shouting)
scene_heading: HOLD ON, NED.
text: And Ned reins up and Munny gallops up to him and holds out
text: the Spencer and the bullets.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I ain't worth a shit with it.
text: Ned takes the rifle, sheathes it, gives a curt nod and turns
dialog: to go.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Me an' the Kid, we'll head over to
dialog: the ranch an' as soon as we find
dialog: him, we'll shoot him. Then we'll
dialog: come back an' the three of us pick
dialog: up the money an' head South together.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Supposin' he don't go to the ranch?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I'll bet anything he won't go to
dialog: town nor he won't ride out on the
dialog: range. Right off he'll hole up at
dialog: the ranch.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (turning away)
dialog: I ain't waitin', Bill.
dialog: (looking back)
dialog: I'll look in on your youngsters when
dialog: I get back.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Ned, don't pay no mind to what the
dialog: Kid said about the money. I'll bring
dialog: your share along, hear? The Kid's
dialog: full of shit, hear?
scene_heading: EXT. LITTLE BILL'S HOUSE - DAY
text: VIEW on the roof, late afternoon, and Little Bill is crawling
text: around up there with a bucket of tar which he has got on his
text: moustache and his face and he looks up because he hears the
text: clatter of hooves.
scene_heading: VIEW ON CHARLEY HECKLER
text: Galloping his horse up to Little Bill's house and Charley is
text: very excited and he swings off the horse in front of the
text: porch and the porch is at once closer to completion and closer
dialog: to collapse than last we saw it.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (looking around,
dialog: breathless)
dialog: Little Bill, Little Bill...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah.
text: Charley looks up, startled and Little Bill is looking down
text: at him over the eaves.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: Makin' some repairs.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (breathless)
text: The killed one of them cowboys.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: NIGHT, CLOSE VIEW on torchlight flickering on Davey's waxy
text: face and dead eyes as Eggs, Germany Joe and Paddy haul the
text: blood-caked body from the back of a buckboard. WW is looking
text: on queasily, taking notes, and behind him the street is alive.
speaker_heading: WIGGENS' VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: ...an' Parsons said how he seen three
text: men right after sun-up headed out
dialog: East an' one was ridin' a old blue
dialog: Morgan an' another was on a white
dialog: mare, only he didn't...
text: And only a few yards away from the buckboard, in front of
text: the County Office, Little Bill is being besieged by Deputies
dialog: and Townsmen.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: FATTY
text: Amos over at the stable says to ask
dialog: you if the County's payin' feed for
dialog: ALL the horses or if...
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: ...Witherspoon says he ain't gonna
dialog: sell us no more thirty-thirty shells
dialog: without we pay...
text: And the dogs, snarling, fangs bared, pulling at the leash
text: and Tom Luckinbill is trying to keep control.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: ...use the dogs then the county's
dialog: gotta take responsibility for...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Never mind about them horses, Fatty.
dialog: Just you ride out to the Bar T an'
dialog: make sure that other cowboy stays
dialog: put an' don't expose himself, hear?
scene_heading: INT. ALICE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Alice's room and the whores. They are sitting glumly in the
text: dim light of a simple lamp. Little Sue is wiping tears away
text: and Delilah is staring blankly.
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: (to no one in
dialog: particular)
dialog: I didn't think they'd really do it.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (nasty)
dialog: What did you think, they come clear
dialog: up from Kansas to fuck us?
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: (vacantly)
dialog: That Kid... he's just a... boy. And
dialog: that other one, Bill, being true to
dialog: his wife...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What wife? He don't have no wife.
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: (shocked, hurt)
dialog: He said...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I told you, he don't have no wife,
dialog: not aboveground, anyhow.
dialog: 94.
text: Delilah just eats the pain raw and just then...
text: SMASH! A rock comes through the window and you can hear
text: someone shouting.
speaker_heading: VOICE OUTSIDE (0.S.)
dialog: You fuckin' murderin' whores.
text: And they all sit there stunned and then Alice recovers and
text: gets up and goes to the window and hurls the rock back.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: HE HAD IT COMING! HE HAD IT COMING
text: FOR WHAT HE DID... AND THAT OTHER
text: ONE TOO... BOTH OF THEM... FOR WHAT
text: THEY DONE.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTY OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Little Bill and the crowd and the torches outside the County
text: Office and suddenly there is a commotion and shouting and
dialog: everybody turns North and...
text: Fuzzy is riding into town at full gallop shouting at the top
text: of his lungs.
speaker_heading: FUZZY
dialog: We got one. We got one of them
dialog: fuckers, we got one...
text: Bystanders part as Fuzzy brings the horse up in front of the
text: County Office and reins hard and addresses himself
text: breathlessly to Little Bill.
speaker_heading: FUZZY (CONT'D)
dialog: We got one of them fuckers, Sheriff,
dialog: out by Cow Creek, we...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Alive?
speaker_heading: FUZZY
dialog: Hell, yeah. A bunch of us Bar T
dialog: boys went out lookin' on account of
dialog: them killin' one of our own. We
dialog: come across this fucker on a roan
dialog: goin' South an'...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: He admit it?
speaker_heading: FUZZY
dialog: No... but I guess he will soon enough.
dialog: Had a Spencer rifle on him an' he
dialog: was...
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Those cowboys messin' him up?
speaker_heading: FUZZY
dialog: Uh... a little, maybe.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (to Clyde)
dialog: You an' Andy get the hell out there.
dialog: Find out where them other two went.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTHOUSE - DAWN
text: DAWN, the outhouse, birds chirping cheerily and the outhouse
text: door opens and BUCK BARTHOL steps out and stretches
text: luxuriously.
text: VIEW on bushes and The Kid holding his nose. The bushes are
text: right behind the outhouse and the stink is terrible. The
text: Kid is crouched there and he is doing an elaborate pantomime
text: of his suffering for Munny's benefit.
scene_heading: INT. BUNKHOUSE - DAY
text: VIEW on Buck coming into the bunkhouse. There isn't much
text: light and the shadowy sleeping figures are more easily
text: discernable by the snorts and snores they make than by their
text: shapes... except for THIRSTY and Quick Mike who are sitting,
text: half dressed at a table rolling cigarettes.
speaker_heading: THIRSTY
dialog: See anythin' out there, Buck?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Hell, yes I did.
dialog: (Mike looks up
dialog: nervously)
dialog: Seen about two hundred fellers packin'
dialog: rifles... Fuckers got the place
dialog: surrounded, says they want Quick
dialog: Mike's ass... I says, "How much?"
dialog: They says, "About five." I says,
dialog: "Dollars?" They says, "Cents." I
dialog: says, "Sold."
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Well I ain't worried I got protection.
dialog: (he indicates a nearby
dialog: bunk)
text: Fatty snoring on the bunk near Quick
dialog: Mike.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: CLOSE on Ned's face, nose bloodied, eye blackened, as he
text: rides down the Main Street of Big Whiskey escorted by six
dialog: cowboys (including Texas Slim, Johnny Foley and Lippy
dialog: 96.
text: MacGregor) and Clyde and Andy. Ned's wrists are tied and he
text: looks sullen and... scared.
text: Little Bill and WW Beauchamp are standing on the porch of
text: the County Office when the little group pulls up attended by
text: numerous onlookers. Little Bill looks Ned over coolly as he
text: addresses Clyde.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: He tell you where them others is?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: He give 'em names?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Didn't give us nothin' but his own
dialog: name... Ned Roundtree.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Well, Ned, you'll want to tell me
dialog: an' Mister Beauchamp here all about
dialog: them two villainous friends of yours,
dialog: I guess.
dialog: (to Clyde and Andy)
dialog: Bring him in, boys, for I will be
dialog: glad to know the names and the
dialog: whereabouts of those other two
dialog: murdering sonsofbitches.
scene_heading: EXT. QOUTHOUSE - DAY
text: VIEW on the mid day sun blazing from on high and an enormous
text: farting sound...
text: VIEW ON THE OUTHOUSE
text: After a pause, another vigorous fart and then silence broken
text: only by the buzzing of flies, and then the sound of newspaper
text: and suddenly the door opens and Thirsty steps out and heads
text: up toward the bunkhouse.
text: VIEW ON THE KID
text: In the bushes reacting to the smell and the flies are buzzing
text: furiously.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Sure is fuckin' ripe. I wish we'd
dialog: get a breeze.
text: Munny wipes sweat from his face and looks up at the blazing
dialog: sun.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: It's gonna get riper yet.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: You still think he's in there?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (his eyes on the
dialog: bunkhouse)
dialog: Yeah, he's in there.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Well, he's holding on to his shit
dialog: like it was money.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: He's in there.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Tell me right off if you see him.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Yup.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: You... you ain't gonna shoot him
dialog: yourownself?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (tired of saying it)
dialog: You can shoot him.
text: The Kid nods, satisfied, but he's keyed up something ferocious
text: and his fingers play nervously with his pistol.
scene_heading: INT. JAIL - DAY
text: CLOSE on Ned's face jammed against the bars of the cell in
text: the County Office. He has been tied to the bars outside the
text: cell so that he is, more or less, spread-eagled in an upright
text: position with his bare back exposed to Little Bill and Charley
text: Hecker and WW Beauchamp.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Now then, Ned... you an'... uh...
dialog: Mister Quincy an' uh... What was
dialog: that young feller's name?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Tate. Elroy Tate.
text: ww shakes his head at Little Bill and holds out his notebook
dialog: for Little Bill to see.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: That ain't what you said before,
dialog: Ned.
dialog: 98.
text: Little Bill empties hot coals from the bowl of his pipe on
text: Ned's shoulders and Ned writhes and grots his teeth.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Hellif it ain't.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (looking at W's notes)
dialog: Before you said Elroy Quincy out of
dialog: Medicine Hat an' Henry Tate out of
dialog: Cheyenne.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Fuck if I did.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (refilling his pipe)
dialog: Charley, go bring them whores here
dialog: that fucked these boys the night of
dialog: the storm.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Strawberry Alice an' Silky?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Yeah... an' fetch a bullwhip out of
dialog: the German's.
text: Ned's face against the bars is covered with perspiration and
text: etched with fear as he hears the door close behind Charley.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (lighting his pipe)
dialog: Now, Ned... them whores are gonna
dialog: lie different lies than you... an'
dialog: when your lie ain't the same as their
dialog: lie... I ain't gonna hurt no woman,
dialog: I'm gonna hurt you... not gentle
dialog: like I been doin' but... baaaad.
text: Ned swallows hard and sweats and waits.
scene_heading: INT. BUNKHOUSE - DAY
text: CLOSE on cards. They are playing at the little table in the
text: bunkhouse, Quick Mike, Buck, Thirsty, Fatty Rossiter and
text: OLAF HARKEN and Quick Mike doesn't even have a pair and tosses
text: his cards down in disgust and walks over to his bunk and
text: starts to put on his boots.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (to Mike)
dialog: Where you goin'?
speaker_heading: QUICK MIKE
dialog: Take a shit.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: FATTY
dialog: (he has two kings)
dialog: Lemmee finish this hand, will you?
speaker_heading: QUICK MIKE
dialog: You gonna protect me while I take a
dialog: shit?
text: Quick Mike walks over to a peg and hangs a gunbelt over his
text: bare shoulder.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: You could get bushwhacked.
speaker_heading: QUICK MIKE
dialog: (heading for the door)
dialog: I'll fart on ‘em.
speaker_heading: THIRSTY
dialog: (starting to get up)
dialog: I'll go with him.
speaker_heading: QUICK MIKE
dialog: You could wipe my ass, Thirsty.
speaker_heading: THIRSTY
dialog: (sitting down)
dialog: Hell with him. Man ain't polite, he
dialog: oughta get shot.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTHOUSE - DAY
text: The Kid in the bushes and he hears the door slamming shut up
text: at the bunkhouse and he squints anxiously.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Is it him?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (watching Mike)
dialog: Yup.
text: The Kid is beside himself, his throat goes dry and he gulps
text: for air and he brings the hammer back on his pistol and
text: squints anxiusly.
speaker_heading: HIS POV:
text: MIKE OUT OF FOCUS APPROACHING FROM THE KID'S POV AND
text: gradually Mike comes into focus walking closer and we
text: VIEW ON THE KID
text: Sweating, tensed for action and Munny looks over at him.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: He's yours, Kid. Can you get him?
text: And The Kid is biting his lip and doesn't answer and Quick
text: Mike is very close and The Kid brings up his pistol and gulps
text: and doesn't shoot and then it is too late because Mike has
text: entered the outhouse.
text: Munny is disgusted and he cocks the shotgun to do it himself.
text: The Kid is walking on eggshells approaching the door of the
text: outhouse, pistol in his right hand and he reaches his left
text: hand to open the door but he is hesitant and...
text: Munny sees Fatty Rossiter step casually out of the bunkhouse
text: and Munny raises the shotgun and Fatty sees The Kid and
text: screams.
speaker_heading: FATTY
scene_heading: ASSASSINS, BOYS, ASSASSINS!
text: BAWHOOM! Munny lets go with the shotgun and Fatty dives
text: back into the bunkhouse and...
text: The Kid is startled and looks over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
text: SHOOT HIM, KID!
text: and The Kid grabs the door with his left hand and opens it
text: and there is Mike sitting on the crapper astonished and one
text: hand is on his holstered pistol but he's frozen and The Kid
text: is pointing the Schofield at him but The Kid is frozen too.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: NO! NO!
text: BLAM! The Schofield jumps in The Kid's hand and Mike gets
text: it in the chest and there is smoke all over and The Kid stares
text: at Mike amazed and Mike who has a big splotch of blood on
text: his chest stares back at The Kid amazed also and then...
text: BLAM, The Kid shoots him again, this time in the face.
text: BANG! BANG! shots from the bunkhouse and...
text: BAWHOOM! Munny blasts the bunkhouse with shotgun.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Come on, Kid.
text: BLAM, The Kid shoots Mike's slumping body a third time and
text: he seems hypnotized but...
text: BANG BANG shots are coming from the bunkhouse and Munny is
text: screaming and The Kid tears himself away.
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSHES - DAY
text: Munny crashing through the bushes and The Kid is a few yards
text: behind him and Munny stumbles and scrambles to his feet.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Did... you... get... him?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTHOUSE - DAY
text: The outhouse and Mike's body and Fatty and Thirsty and Buck
text: dashing past, waving their guns.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: The albino mare and the Morgan in the woods and Munny and
text: The Kid dash up to the horses, gasping for breath, and Munny
text: tries to mount still holding the shotgun and the horse starts
text: to prance around and Munny can't mount.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Hold still.
text: BANG, BANG, BANG shots are whistling around them and looking
text: back Munny can see his pursuers firing from cover fifty yards
dialog: away.
text: Munny shoves two shells in the shotgun and hands it to The
text: Kid who has mounted.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Cover me, Kid, while I mount.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: I can't see 'em.
scene_heading: BANG BANG BANG
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Just SHOOT!
text: And KA BLAMMM, The Kid lets go both barrels in the general
text: direction of the enemy and then Munny gallops away half on
text: his horse, half-off, in an undignified escape, bullets
text: whistling around his horse and The Kid behind him shouting.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Where are you, Bill, where are you,
dialog: I can't see you. Wait for me. and
text: then they disappear and gradually
text: the shooting atops.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - DAY
text: Open country at sundown seen from a low hill, and you can
text: barely make out a lone RIDER approaching in the extreme
dialog: distance.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MUNNY
text: Standing on the rise and watching
text: the rider in the distance.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Is that what it was like, Bill, in
dialog: the old days... ridin' out with
dialog: everybody shootin'... smoke all over
dialog: an' folks yellin' an' bullets whizzin'
dialog: by?
text: The Kis is behind Bill sitting under a large oak drinking
text: from a whiskey bottle.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (absently)
dialog: Yeah, I guess so.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Shit... I thought they was gonna get
dialog: us. I was even... scared a little...
text: just for a minute.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Was you ever scared in them days?
text: Munny turns from watching the rider's slow approach and walks
text: over to The Kid who can't see the rider from where he's
dialog: sitting.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I don't remember, Kid. I was drunk
dialog: most of the time. Give me a pull on
dialog: that bottle, will you?
text: Munny takes a big pull on the bottle, returns it to The Kid,
text: and walks back to the edge of the rise to resume his vigil.
text: The rider is a little closer now and the sun is a little
dialog: lower. It is very beautiful.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (drinking heavy)
dialog: I shot that fucker three times. He
dialog: was takin' a shit. He went for his
dialog: pistol an' I blazed away... first
dialog: shot got him in the chest...
text: The Kid wipes whiskey from his chin. He has been working
text: hard to make the hysteria he feels into a high... but it
dialog: won't quite come.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: THE KID (CONT'D)
dialog: Say, Bill...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Munny is watching the rider and the rider is closer.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: That was... the first one.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: First one what?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: First one I ever killed.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (preoccupied with his
dialog: vigil)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: How I said I shot five men... it
dialog: wasn't true.
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: That Mexican... the one that come at
dialog: me with a knife... I busted his leg
dialog: with a shovel... I didn't shoot him
dialog: or nothin'.
text: Munny is watching the rider and the rider is much closer but
text: coming at a walk and Munny goes back over to The Kid for a
text: pull on the bottle and he's trying to make The Kid feel okay
dialog: when he says...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Well, that fella today, you shot him
dialog: alright.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (forced bravado)
dialog: H-hell yeah. I killed the hell out
dialog: of him... three shots... he was takin'
dialog: a sh-sh-shit an'... an'...
text: The Kid is shaking, becoming hysterical, he can't go on, and
text: Munny hands the bottle back.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Take a drink, Kid.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (breaking down, crying)
dialog: Oh Ch-ch-christ... it don't... it
dialog: don't seem... real... How he's...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 104,
speaker_heading: THE KID (CONT'D)
dialog: DEAD... how he ain't gonna breathe
dialog: no more... n-n-never. Or the other
dialog: one neither... On account of... of
dialog: just... pullin' a trigger.
text: Munny walks back to the edge of the rise and watches the
text: rider and it is a lovely sunset happening and he is talking
dialog: to no one in particular.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: It's a hell of a thing, ain't it,
dialog: killin' a man. You take everythin'
dialog: he's got... an' everythin' he's ever
dialog: gonna have...
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (trying to pull himself
dialog: together)
dialog: Well, I gu-guess they had it...
dialog: comin'.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: We all got it comin', Kid.
text: VIEW on the rider at the foot of the rise and it is Little
text: Sue and VIEW on Munny pulling the saddle bags off and Little
text: Sue is still mounted. They are under the oak tree and it is
text: dusk and The Kid is just sitting there with his bottle.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I was watchin' you... seein' if you
dialog: was followed.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: (scared to death)
dialog: Silky an' Faith, they rode off to
dialog: the East an' two deputies was
dialog: followin' them.
text: Munny has lit a little candle and spread a blanket and he is
text: opening the bags to count the money.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (pouring out the coins
dialog: and bills)
dialog: You wanna help me count, Kid?
text: The Kid is leaning against the tree in a semi-stupor.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I trust you, Bill.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Well, you don't wanna trust me too
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll take Ned his share together so
dialog: you don't figure I run off with it.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Ned's share?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (counting)
dialog: Yeah, he went South ahead of us. I
dialog: guess we'll catch him before...
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: (blurting it out)
dialog: He's... he's dead.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (counting)
dialog: No he ain't. He went South yesterday.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: They... they killed him. I...
dialog: thought you know that. I thought
dialog: you knew because...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Nobody didn't kill Ned, he went South
dialog: yesterday. He didn't even kill
dialog: nobody. Why would anybody kill Ned?
text: Little Sue just looks back at him, scared, trembling.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Who killed him?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: Little Bill. The... the Bar T boys
dialog: caught him and Little Bill...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: He hanged him?
dialog: (Little Sue shakes
dialog: her head "no")
dialog: Shot him down?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: N-no. He... he beat him up. He was
dialog: making him... answer questions...
dialog: and beating him up... and then...
dialog: Ned just died.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Little Bill didn't mean to kill him...
dialog: he said he was sorry an' all... but
dialog: he said it was a good example anyhow.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: Good example! Good example of what
dialog: I'd like to know? He didn't even
dialog: kill nobody... he couldn't do it no
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: They got... a sign on him says he
dialog: was a killer.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (flabbergasted)
dialog: A sign on him?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
text: In front of Greely's. It says, "This
dialog: here is what happens to..."
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (incredulous)
text: They got a sign on him in front of
dialog: Greely's?
text: The Kid just has his head in his hands, it's too much for
text: him and Little Sue is scared shitless of Munny.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: The questions Little Bill asked him...
dialog: what sort of questions was they?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: About where you an' him
dialog: (indicating The Kid)
dialog: was... an' where you was from...
dialog: an' what your names was... an'...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: What'd Ned say?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: L-lies... at first. About how you
dialog: was just passin' through and didn't
dialog: kill nobody... an' Little Bill kept
dialog: askin' questions, mixin' him up,
dialog: catchin' lies... an' then he'd beat
dialog: on Ned an' Ned would cry and lie
dialog: some more an' then... then...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Then... what?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: A cowboy come in sayin' you killed
dialog: Quick Mike in the shit house at the
dialog: Bar T...
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: An' Little Bill killed Ned for what
dialog: I done?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: Not on purpose. But he started
dialog: hurtin' him worse... makin' him tell
dialog: stuff. First ned wouldn't say
dialog: nothin'... but Little Bill hurt him
dialog: so bad he said who you was...
text: Munny looks up sharply. Little Sue is scared, her voice
dialog: quavers...
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE (CONT'D)
dialog: He said how you was really Three
dialog: Fingered Jack out of Missouri...
dialog: an' Bill said "Same Three Fingered
dialog: Jack that dynamited the Rock Island
dialog: and Pacific in '69 killin' women and
dialog: children an' all?" An' Ned says
dialog: you done a lot worse than that, said
dialog: you was more cold blooded than William
dialog: Bonney or Clay Alisson or the James
dialog: Brothers an' how if he hurt Ned again
dialog: you was gonna come an' kill him like
dialog: you killed a U.S. Marshall in '73.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Didn't scare Little Bill though, did
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SUE
dialog: N-no, sir?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Lemmee see that Schofield, Kid.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Wha... what f-for?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Lemmee see it.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (giving it to him)
dialog: Sure. Sure, Bill.
text: Munny takes the pistol and begins to check it methodically,
text: inspecting the load first... and The Kid watches nervously,
text: shifting from foot to foot.
speaker_heading: THE KID (CONT'D)
dialog: You... you could keep it, Bill. I
dialog: ain't... gonna use it no more, I
dialog: ain't gonna kill nobody.
dialog: 108.
text: Munny, still checking the gun, glances up and meets The Kid's
text: uneasy gaze.
speaker_heading: THE KID (CONT'D)
dialog: I... I ain't like you, Bill.
text: Munny looks back at the pistol, checks the sights.
speaker_heading: THE KID (CONT'D)
dialog: You... gonna take... the money?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (to Little Sue)
dialog: You better get on back, Miss.
text: And Little Sue, still mounted, breathes an enormous silent
text: sigh of relief and turns her horse away hastily and Munny,
text: satisfied with the pistol, sticks it in his belt and walks
text: over to the horse and pulls his sawed-off shotgun out of the
dialog: bedroll.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: You could have it. All of it.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I thought you wanted to buy spectacles
dialog: an' fancy clothes an' all.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I'd rather be blind and ragged than
dialog: dead, I guess.
text: Munny looks at The Kid who is behaving bravely but is
text: trembling anyway, scared, and Munny's eyes are full of
text: brutally painful memories.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Shit, Kid. I ain't gonna kill you.
dialog: You're... the only friend I got.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH ROAD - NIGHT
text: MOONLIGHT on the ordinance #14 sign on the North Road and
text: two riders come up slow, Munny and The Kid, and Munny reins
text: up and then The Kid does too. Munny takes the saddle bags
text: off his horse.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (giving The Kid the
dialog: bags)
dialog: This here money, take my share an'
dialog: Ned's an' leave it with my youngsters.
dialog: Tell 'em half goes to Sally Two Trees
dialog: if I ain't back in a week. The rest
dialog: is yours... you could buy them
dialog: spectacles.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Are you... Are you gonna... kill
dialog: Little Bill?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (holding up the whiskey
dialog: bottle)
dialog: I guess you won't mind my keepin'
dialog: the bottle.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: You're gonna kill him, ain't you?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Stay clear of folks you might see.
dialog: There's plenty out lookin' to hang
dialog: you. Go on now, skedaddle.
text: Munny slaps The Kid's horse and The Kid sets out at a trot
text: and Munny watches him disappear into the night. When he is
text: alone and he can't hear The Kid's horse any more, Munny
text: uncorks the bottle and takes a long deep drink.
scene_heading: EXT. GREELY'S PORCH - NIGHT
text: VIEW on Ned's body in the upright coffin in the flickering
text: light of a torch standing next to it and, of course, Ned
text: looks bad and the crudely scrawled sign over the coffin says,
dialog: "This is what happens to assassins around here."
scene_heading: INT. BAR ROOM - NIGHT
text: VIEW on Little Bill in the crowded bar and he is shouting to
text: make himself heard over the din.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Alright, I'm gonna say just one more
dialog: time so it's all clear an' then don't
dialog: ask me no more.
text: The place is packed with tired, dusty men and they are not
text: really jubilant so much as they are excited by the hysteria
dialog: of events.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Now each of you that posse'd today
dialog: has got one drink comin' off the
dialog: county budget...
speaker_heading: THIRSTY
dialog: Yahoo.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: ...an' whoever rode yesterday, gets
dialog: one drink for that...
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: PADDY
dialog: Yippee.
speaker_heading: EGGS
dialog: I told yuh two, I...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
text: Hold it hold it. After them two,
dialog: it's outta your own pocket... hear
dialog: me, Skinny? ...an' we're pullin' out
dialog: early tomorrow an' chase these fellas
dialog: clear to Texas so I wouldn't spend
dialog: much of your own money.
text: There is a general whoop and hubbub as Little Bill turns
text: back to his conversation at the bar with Charley, Fatty,
text: Clyde, Andy and WW Beauchamp.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Now if we divide up into four parties
dialog: an' hit all the farms an' trails in
dialog: a circle, we're bound to find some
dialog: one who seen them skunks an'...
text: Little Bill is suddenly conscious of his own loud voice in a
text: sudden silence that has swept the bar like a brushfire and
text: turning he sees what everybody is staring at.
text: Munny, with his ten-gauge shotgun leveled from the shoulder,
text: is standing thirty feet away in the doorway. Taking a couple
text: of sideways steps to get the door from behind his back and
text: sweeping the twin barrels in an ominous arc, he surveys the
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (a little drunk)
dialog: Which fucker owns this shithole?
text: Nobosy says a thing. Skinny stares pop-eyed from behind the
text: bar and the sweat starts on his forehead and Little Bill is
text: thinking coolly and everybody else is swallowing hard and
text: looking at the shotgun.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Fatty)
dialog: You there, fat man, speak up.
text: Fatty gulps and then Skinny screws up his courage and steps
text: from behind the bar and gives it every bit of dignity his
dialog: fear will permit.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: I... I own this establishment. I
dialog: bought it from Greely for a thous...
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (to the men round
dialog: Skinny)
dialog: Better step clear, boys.
text: And Skinny looks from side to side as people step away from
text: him and he wants to say something desperately, he wants to
dialog: live, he wants...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: Hold on, mist...
text: BAH-WHOOM! Munny fires and smoke belches and...
text: Skinny is blown back against the wall and falls to the floor
dialog: a bloody mess and...
text: Little Bill is reaching for the Spencer which is leaning
text: against the bar near his leg but he freezes because...
text: Munny has turned the shotgun on him and Munny sees Ned's
text: Spencer there and his eyes show how he feels about it.
text: For a moment while the smoke clears the bar is silent and
text: there are nervous glances cast at the bloody body of Skinny
text: but Little Bill keeps his eyes on Munny.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Well sir... You are a cowardly
dialog: sonofabitch because you have just
text: shot down an unarmed man.
text: It has become a very formal moment and there are, figuratively
text: speaking, only two people in the room, Munny and Little
text: Bill... and WW Beauchamp is watching them, scared to death,
dialog: but this is it, what all those Easterners dreamed about, the
text: showdown in the saloon.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (the shotgun pointed
dialog: right at Little Bill)
dialog: He should have armed himself if he
dialog: was gonna decorate his saloon with
dialog: the body of my friend.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: I guess you are Three-Fingered Jack
dialog: out of Missouri, killer of women and
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (a little drunkenly)
dialog: I have done that... killed women and
dialog: children... I have killed most
dialog: everything that walks or crawls an'
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: now I have come to kill you, Little
dialog: Bill, for what you done to Ned.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Now step aside. boys.
text: And as the deputies nervously move aside Little Bill helps
text: to isolate himself by stepping forward boldly.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: He's got one barrel left, gentlemen.
dialog: After he has used it, pull your
text: pistols and shoot him down like the
text: cowardly, drunken scoundrel he is.
text: Little Bill looks back at Munny bravely and...
text: Munny looks down the barrel at Little Bill and after a tense
text: moment he pulls the trigger.
text: CLICK. The hammer falls but it is a misfire and what happens
text: next happens in maybe five seconds as all hell breaks loose.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (drawing)
dialog: Misfire! Kill the sonofabitch!
dialog: And Little Bill aims carefully and...
text: Munny hurls the shotgun at him and...
text: BLAM!... Little Bill fires wildly as the shotgun hits him
dialog: and...
text: Clyde has his pistol out and is pointing it at Munny and...
text: Munny is pulling the pistol from his own belt and he drops
dialog: to one knee and...
text: BLAM!... Clyde fires and misses and...
text: Little Bill is about to squeeze the trigger when...
text: BLAM!... Munny shoots him and...
text: BLAM!... Little Bill shoots just as he is hit in the chest
dialog: and...
text: BLAM! BLAM!... Fatty fires wildly and...
text: Munny is aiming too and BLAM!...
text: Clyde gets it in the face and...
text: BLAM!... BLAM!... Fatty isn't even aiming while...
text: Andy aims carefully, he can kill Munny but...
dialog: 113.
text: Munny turns and points his weapon at Andy and...
text: Instead of firing Andy panics and tries to turn his body
dialog: sideways to ward off the blow and...
text: BLAM!... Munny fires and...
text: Andy gets it high in the rib cage and...
text: Charley turns and runs for the back and...
text: BLAM! BLAM!... Fatty is backing up and firing from the hip
text: and then he turns to run and...
text: Munny aims deliberately from one knee and BLAM!...
text: Fatty goes down, shot in the back...
text: And suddenly... there is a terrible silence that is broken
text: only by the awful, dying groans of Clyde and the coughing of
text: the bystanders hiding behind tables and chairs in the thick
dialog: black smoke and...
text: Munny is still down on one knee pointing his pistol and
text: looking through the thick smoke for someone to shoot but it
text: seems there are no threats left.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Every asshole that doesn't want to
dialog: get shot best clear out the back
dialog: quick.
text: And they scramble over each other dashing toward the Billiard
text: Room and Munny stands up and looks around and he looks at
text: Clyde who is groaning, his face covered with blood and
text: everyone else, Little Bill, Andy and Fatty are still, and
text: then Fatty seems to move and Munny levels his pistol and
text: what happens is W crawls out from half-under Fatty and Ww
text: is covered with blood and he is shaking like a leaf.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: I... I... think I'm... shot.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: You ain't shot.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: (seeing the pistol)
dialog: P-p-p-please, I'm not armed.
dialog: (as Munny lowers the
dialog: pistol, WW looks
dialog: around)
dialog: M-m-my G-god. You killed... Little
dialog: Bill.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: You sure you ain't armed?
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: I never c-c-carry arms. I'm... a
dialog: writer.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: A writer? What do you write...
dialog: letters an' such?
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: B-b-books.
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: You... you killed five men...
text: singlehanded.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: Yeah.
text: Munny walks over to the bar, keeping his eye suspiciously on
text: Ww, and reaches for a bottle with his left hand. The hand
text: is shaking like palsy and he tilts the bottle and drinks
text: sloppily with effort, the pistol still in his right hand.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: Wh-wh-who did you kill first?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: Wh-wh-when confronted by superior
dialog: numbers, the experienced gunfighter
dialog: will fire on the best shots first.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (drinking)
dialog: Yeah?
text: Unnoticed on the floor, Little Bill is conscious though blood
text: is coming out of his mouth and he has been written off. One
text: hand is shifting on his pistol and he can hear Clyde moaning
text: sporadically.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: Little Bill told me that. You killed
dialog: him first, didn't you?
text: On the floor, Little Bill is fighting for consciousness,
text: fingering his pistol.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I was lucky in the order.
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: I always been lucky killin' folks.
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: Who was next? Clyde? Or was it...?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (suddely ominous,
dialog: pistol pointing)
dialog: I could tell you who was last, mister.
text: WW's eyes pop as he gets the idea and he backs up fast, and
text: then he turns and bolts out the back, and watching him go,
text: Munny turns his back on the fallen body of Little Bill.
text: Little Bill, on the floor, raises up his pistol in his shaking
text: hand and aims at Munny's back maybe six feet away and he is
text: shaking bad as he draws the hammer back and...
text: Munny hears the click and he turns and sees Little Bill aiming
dialog: but it is too late and...
text: BLAM! Smoke and fire from Little Bill's pistol and Little
text: Bill's arm collapses from the effort and the pistol falls
text: with a bang.
speaker_heading: MUNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Missed again, asshole.
text: And Munny steps over to him and kicks the pistol away from
text: Little Bill's outstretched hand. Little Bill is bleeding
text: from the mouth having taken a shot in the lung and he is
text: very weak and all he can do is look up at Munny and speak
text: weakly.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: I don't... deserve this... to die
dialog: this way. I was... building a house.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
text: (aiming his pistol
dialog: point blank)
dialog: "Deserve" don't mean shit, Little
dialog: Bill.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BILL
dialog: (the pistol in his
dialog: face)
dialog: I'll see you... in hell, you three-
dialog: fingered asshole.
text: BLAM! Munny shoots Little Bill and then he looks around and
text: Clyde is still groaning and that is the only sound. Then,
text: suddenly, he is all business. He walks quickly over to Clyde
text: and shoots him once with the Spencer and the groaning stops.
dialog: 116.
text: Then he goes to Little Bill's body and pokes around in the
text: pockets and pulls out some shells for the Spencer.
text: He shoves those in his pocket and he goes to the bar and
text: picks up the bottle of whiskey and walks over to the door.
text: Standing to one side, he kicks it open. Then he sets down
text: the rifle and the bottle and starts to reload the Schofield
text: and while he loads it he shouts out the door.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I'm comin' outta here... an' any
dialog: fucker I see out there, I'm gonna
dialog: kill him... an' any fucker takes a
dialog: shot at me, I ain't just gonna kill
dialog: him, but I'm gonna kill his wife an'
dialog: all his friends an' burn his fucking
dialog: house, hear?
text: The pistol is loaded and Munny sticks it in his belt and he
text: takes a long pull on the whiskey bottle and wipes the dribble
text: from his chin. Then he picks up the rifle in the other hand
text: and looks out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET/GREELY'S - NIGHT
text: The street and it is dark and quiet, shadowy buildings, the
text: knot of tethered horses, a couple of torches stuck in the
text: ground sputtering.
speaker_heading: MUNNY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Nobody better shoot on account of
dialog: I'm as mean as I say... maybe meaner.
dialog: I am a damn badman an' you will not
dialog: find a worse one in hell.
text: And Munny steps out the door warily, and looks around and
text: all he sees are the shadowy buildings and all he hears are
text: his own boots on the wooden porch. Glancing nervously at
text: the dark buildings' blank stares he walks past the upright
text: coffin where the waxy face of Ned stares gruesomely in the
text: light of the flickering torch and he gives it a glance,
dialog: wanting to say he's sorry, but the idea is ludicrous and he
text: steps off the porch and walks toward the white mare.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY - NIGHT
text: WW Beauchamp and Charley Hecker and Germany Joe crouched in
text: the alleyway between two buildings across the street and
text: Charley has a rifle and they can see Munny mounting his horse.
speaker_heading: GERMANY JOE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Go ahead, shoot him.
text: Charley just shakes his head and offers the rifle to Germany
dialog: Joe. And Germany Joe doesn't want it.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: GERMANY JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: I endt no dehpoody.
text: Www is watching Munny's unbelievably awkward and prolonged
text: mounting procedure and he can't believe it, he can't believe
text: what the Old West is like and it shows on his face.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: Munny riding down the dark, lonely street at a trot and he
text: starts to shout at the top of his lungs.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: You boys better bury old Ned right...
dialog: and you better not carve up nor
dialog: otherwise harm no whores... or I
dialog: will come back an' kill more
dialog: sonsabitches, hear?
text: And there are tears running down Munny's cheeks.
scene_heading: EXT. SOD HUT - DAY
text: DAYLIGHT and Penny sweeping in the doorway of Munny's sod
text: hut in Kansas. She is intent on her work until she hears
text: the snort of a horse and looks up and her jaw drops, and her
text: face lights up like the sun itself and, dropping the broom,
text: she dashes toward him.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MUNNY
text: Munny walking across the field,
text: leading the mare. He is covered
text: with dust and heavily stubbled from
text: the trip. Penny dashes up to him
text: and throws her arms around him and
text: he is overjoyed but he doesn't have
dialog: any way to express it except through
text: awkwardness and embarrassment.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (fondly)
dialog: Ain't you a lady!
text: And he puts his arm around her and they walk toward the house.
scene_heading: EXT. HOG PENS - DAY
speaker_heading: VIEW ON WILL
text: Working in the hog pens in back,
text: concentrating on the job.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Place looks good.
text: And Will whirls around and sees Munny standing there beside
text: the house and his first instinct is to run to him and then
dialog: 118.
text: he remembers his dignity and stands there like a man, but
text: the grin is liable to break his face.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Hullo, paw.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: I guess you lost some hogs to the
dialog: fever.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Three.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Three? That ain't bad considerin'.
text: Will is pissing in his pants with pride and pleasure and he
text: joins his father and they walk around the house together.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: That fella come by... Tom.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: Tom?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: The one you rode out after... the
dialog: one that had the pistol...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: The Kid, yeah...
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Only he wasn't carryin' no pistol
dialog: this time.
scene_heading: INT. SHED - DAY
text: Will and Munny in te shed and Will is digging deep into a
text: huge pile of straw.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (worried)
dialog: He say anythin'... The Kid... ?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (digging) ; ;
dialog: Tom? Only how... how if you didn't...
dialog: didn't come back in a week...
dialog: (upset)
dialog: how we was to take half the money to
dialog: Sally an' say you was...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Well, I come back, didn't I?
dialog: 119.
text: And Will has exposed the saddle bags and Munny moves in and
text: opens them and gold coins and wads of bills spill out.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (upset)
dialog: Did you... did you... ?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (counting)
dialog: Did I what?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: All that money... I mean... did
dialog: you...?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (counting)
dialog: Steal it? Naw, I didn't steal it.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: No... I meant...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (turning)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: K-k-kill somebody?
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: Who said that?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: N-nobody... only you took your shotgun
dialog: an' that pistol an'...
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (bothered, putting
text: his arm around Will's
dialog: shoulders)
dialog: Before I met your maw, God rest her
dialog: soul, it used to be I was kinda...
dialog: wicked... drinkin' spirits an' gettin'
dialog: into scrapes an' all. Only she made
dialog: me see the error of my ways an'... I
dialog: ain't like I was no more.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: I guess you didn't kill nobody then.
speaker_heading: MUNNY
dialog: (it is an effort)
dialog: Naw, son, I didn't kill nobody.
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVE - DAY
text: The grave of Claudia under the trees and Munny walks up to
text: it and maybe we hear music or maybe just the wind, but the
text: words begin to crawl across the screen, supered.
speaker_heading: WRITTEN WORDS
dialog: They were married in St. Louis in
dialog: 1B70 and they traveled North to Kansas
dialog: where he engaged in farming and swine
dialog: husbandry. She bore him two children
dialog: in the eight years of their marriage
dialog: and when she died, it was not at his
dialog: hands as her mother might have
dialog: expected, but of smallpox.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MUNNY
dialog: We are looking at him by now and there is nothing easy on
text: his face, no big emotions, he is just looking at the grave.
speaker_heading: WRITTEN WORDS (CONT'D)
dialog: Some years later, Mrs. Ansonia
text: Feathers made the arduous journey to
dialog: Hodgeman County to visit the last
text: resting place of her only daughter.
text: VIEW ON THE GRAVE
text: We are looking at the stone now and the words continue.
speaker_heading: WRITTEN WORDS
dialog: William Munny had long since sold
dialog: the place and disappeared with the
dialog: children... some said to San Francisco
dialog: where it was rumored he prospered as
text: a dry goods merchant under a different
dialog: name.
text: CLOSE ON THE EYES OF WILLIAM MUNNY
text: The eyes of the husband and the pig-farmer and the man who
text: shot down five men in the Big Whiskey saloon.
speaker_heading: WRITTEN WORDS
dialog: And there was nothing on the stone
text: to explain to Mrs. Feathers why her
dialog: only daughter had married a known
dialog: thief and murderer, a man of
text: notoriously vicious and intemperate
dialog: disposition.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
