dialog: Untraceable
dialog: By
dialog: Robert Fyvolent & Mark R. Brinker
dialog: Current Revisions
dialog: by
dialog: Allison Burnett
dialog: June 5, 2006
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN BASEMENT -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: VIDEO CAMERA POV: held at hip level, jerking with each step
text: we move in dim light past boxes of junk...a dormant furnace
text: ...a rusty bicycle...shelves of Christmas decorations...and
text: bundles of Ethernet cable, running beside flashing state-of -
dialog: the-art computers...around a corner into--
text: A WOOD-PANELED ROOM. Rain rattles the ground-level windows,
text: whose panes are covered with black soundproofing panels. A
text: folded-up Ping-Pong table leans against a wall. Ugly shag
text: carpeting has been stripped back from the cement floor.
text: A small, muted TV set, sitting on a cardboard box, plays a
text: prime-time hour-long drama. Thunder rumbles outside.
text: The CAMERA shakes as it is screwed into a tripod and pointed
text: to the cement floor. At the top corner of the frame, the TV
text: is visible.
text: Footsteps. Liquid pours. A MALE HAND, long and slender
text: lowers a saucer of milk to the floor
text: More footsteps. A package is torn open. A glue rat-trap is
text: slapped to the floor a few feet from the milk.
text: A canvas bag is unzipped. A tiny meow, then the tinkling of
text: a little bell. A man’s torso passes by, momentarily blotting
dialog: out our view.
text: A moment later, the CAMERA zooms tighter on the milk and the
text: trap. More meowing, as a KITTEN enters the frame, bounding
text: clumsily, adorably. It wears a handcrafted pink collar with
text: a bell.
text: It steps into the trap. It freezes, pulls and pulls, the bell
text: tinkling urgently, but it cannot free its paw.
text: Klieg lights flash on.
text: The kitty freezes, blinded.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN PARKING LOT -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Headlights blind us, as an SUV, wipers working, drives up to
text: a guard booth.
speaker_heading: CAR RADIO DJ (0.S.)
dialog: --then once he’s raised a million
dialog: bucks in donations, he’s gonna
dialog: shoot himself in the ass, live on
dialog: the Internet!
text: Laughter from the radio. The YOUNG GUARD nods, smiles, and
text: waves the driver through.
scene_heading: INT. SUV -- MOMENTS LATER -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: The driver, whose face we cannot see, pulls into a parking
text: spot in the barely-filled lot.
speaker_heading: CAR RADIO DJ
dialog: And guess what his website’s
dialog: called. I am not making this up.
dialog: Gonnashootmyselfintheass.com!
dialog: Seriously!
text: Manic laughter from the radio, until the driver kills the
text: engine. As the driver unfastens the seat belt, we glimpse a
text: 9mm Glock on the driver’s hip.
text: The driver reaches over and grabs a black umbrella, which lies
text: next to a half-clad Barbie doll.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN PARKING LOT -- CONTINUOUS -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Emerging from the car, opening her umbrella, is JENNIFER
text: MARSH, early 30’s, beautiful and fierce, no make-up, wearing
text: a windbreaker.
text: FOLLOW MARSH, walking alone across the dark, rainy lot toward
text: a bland FOUR-STORY OFFICE BUILDING.
text: The closer she gets to the entrance, the higher the CAMERA
text: CRANES. By the time she enters, the CAMERA has reached the
text: roof, which is crowded with massive satellite dishes and
text: towering antennae.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING LOBBY -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: RAY, 65, a security guard, smiles almost paternally at Marsh
text: as she jams her photo I.D. in and out of the electronic
dialog: reader.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE ELEVATOR -- MOMENTS LATER -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: As the car ascends, Marsh stares at herself in the silver
text: doors. Her hair is wet, disheveled. She primps at it a bit
dialog: then stops. What’s the point? why bother?
scene_heading: INT. DIAL-UP ROOM -- MOMENTS LATER -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh walks down a row of beige cubicles under fluorescent
text: lights. In each carrel, a MALE WORKER clicks away at a
text: desktop computer.
text: Over the workers’ shoulders, we catch glimpses of their
dialog: screens. Mundane stuff, mostly: chat rooms, newsgroups
dialog: myspace.com, e-mails, etc....
text: But then a flash of hard-core pornography. And on the next
dialog: monitor, something worse. Are those naked children on the
dialog: screen? We’re moving too fast to know.
text: Marsh stops at a large desk, equipped with four large
text: monitors and two keyboards. She removes her Glock from its
text: holster, slips it into a drawer, and locks it
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING -- LATER -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Behind the rainy window pane, we see Marsh, typing quickly,
text: navigating the web, her screens flashing as pages open and
dialog: close.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S WORK STATION -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Seated closest to Marsh is GRIFFIN DOWD, 30, funny-looking,
text: bright, amiable, typing into a chat room. Despite the
dialog: intensity of their concentration, they manage to converse--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I’m serious. It was the best first
dialog: date ever. She was amazing. She
dialog: looked exactly like her picture.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: You’11 never see her again.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Because you look nothing like
dialog: yours.
text: Griffin laughs. Marsh freezes, types something, hits a key.
text: On one of her monitors, a website appears. She reacts to the
text: little victory. Curious, Griffin wheels his chair over and
dialog: reads the screen--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Tunethief .com?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: For the next few hours, anyway.
dialog: Tomorrow, it’1l have a new name.
dialog: It’s taken me a week to isolate the
dialog: creep.
text: She hits Enter and a nasty gangsta rap song blares from her
text: speakers. Other workers look over, startled and amused.
text: Marsh lowers the volume.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont'd)
dialog: He offers free downloads of pirated
dialog: music. Watch what happens to my
dialog: dummy drive when I accept his offer.
text: Marsh clicks on the download button. On one of the screens,
text: at lightning speed, we see a digital representation of files
text: being madly copied.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: He stole all my financial data...all
dialog: my passwords...which I just happened
dialog: to have conveniently gathered in a
dialog: file called “Passwords.” I also
dialog: threw in a keystroke recorder, so I
text: can follow him. He’s run up a half-
dialog: million bucks in fraud in the past
dialog: three weeks.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: What’s he into?
speaker_heading: MARSH
text: High-end tech and low-end porn.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Are you sure it’s a guy? If it’sa
dialog: woman, she could be my soulmate.
text: Ping! A sixteen-digit number appears on the screen.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: My dummy Am Ex. Let’s hope he uses
dialog: it.
text: The screen changes to ebay.com.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’‘d)
dialog: Huh. I’m surprised he has the
dialog: patience.
text: The screen changes to the item page of a CONSERVATIVE, GOLD,
text: SWISS WATCH.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’‘d)
dialog: Okay, it’s a “Buy It Now” item.
dialog: Fine, buy it now, asshole.
dialog: (ping! )
dialog: Thanks.
text: Marsh starts working her keys at a furious pace, her hands a
text: blur. Even Griffin, who’s used to it, watches in wonder. He
text: glances over and sees other workers glancing out of their
text: cubicles, watching, as well.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont‘d)
dialog: I’ve got his IP address. Now I’ll
dialog: get his physical one.
text: Phone directories appear. Marsh, typing with one hand and
text: not even looking at the screen, begins typing on her second
dialog: keyboard.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: There it is.
text: A profile pop up: SANDRA HOBBS, 221 BAYSHORE BOULEVARD,
speaker_heading: TAMPA, FLORIDA 33611.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: So it is a woman.
speaker_heading: MARSH
text: Fifty-six years old.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Damn, a year past my cut-off.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: An ER nurse. Lived there her whole
dialog: life. No priors. And no history
dialog: of on-line purchases.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: It’s not her.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: It’s gotta be a neighbor, coming in
dialog: through her wireless router
text: Marsh’s hands are a blur again. On one of her monitors, we
text: see a SATELLITE VIEW OF TAMPA. The shot tightens and
text: tightens, moving closer to Earth. With her mouse, Marsh
text: circles a house, seen from a 100 feet above.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: Okay, Sandra Hobbs lives here.
text: Continuing to work both keyboards, Marsh looks back and forth
text: among the screens. She circles another house.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont‘d)
dialog: Sam Barrow, age 39. Computer
dialog: programmer for the school district.
text: Moved in six weeks ago. A renter.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: That’s your guy.
text: Griffin wheels his chair back to his station. Marsh types
text: quickly. A mostly-filled-in application for a search warrant
text: fills a screen. She types in Barrow’s name and address.
text: On the other monitor, she brings up a list of Assistant U.S.
text: Attorneys. She points and clicks. We hear a dial tone.
text: Ringing.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: U.S. Attorney’s office. Sally
dialog: Stiles speaking.
text: Marsh slips on a headphone and mutes the speaker.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Sal, Jennifer Marsh. Great, you?
dialog: Oh, that’s wonderful. Listen, I need
dialog: the name of an Eleventh Circuit judge
dialog: I can bother. Yeah, right now.
text: TIM WILKS, 20’s, clean-cut, wearing two hearing aids, walks
text: up, hands Marsh a Post-it, and whispers with a subtle speech
dialog: impairment - -
speaker_heading: WILKS
dialog: From the Baltimore PD. They
dialog: weren’t sure what to do with it.
text: Marsh nods, takes it. It reads www.killwithme.com. Before
text: Marsh can react, Sally speaks, which sets Marsh typing--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Perfect. Do you have the fax
dialog: number, too? You’re the best.
dialog: Vouch for me, okay? Call him in
dialog: two minutes. Thanks.
text: She hangs up, tosses aside the Post-it. Types in a phone
dialog: number.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: Judge Lipson, sorry to bother you
dialog: at home. My name’s Jennifer Marsh.
dialog: I’m a Supervisor in the FBI Cyber
dialog: Division up in Riverton, Maryland.
dialog: Sally Stiles from the U.S.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: MARSH(cont 'd)
dialog: Attorney’s office will be calling
dialog: you to confirm that.
text: Marsh types a fax number into the warrant application and
dialog: hits Send.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’‘d)
dialog: A search warrant, your honor.
dialog: Multiple bank fraud, access-device
dialog: fraud, and fraudulent I.D.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thanks so much. The application
dialog: should be falling into the tray of
dialog: your fax machine any second now.
text: Marsh hangs up. On her screen, list after list flies past.
text: She points and clicks on FBI TAMPA. She waits. Someone
text: picks up.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: Hi. Jennifer Marsh -- a Supervisor
dialog: in the Cyber Division. I need you
dialog: to knock on a door for me.
scene_heading: EXT. TAMPA HOUSE -- HOUR LATER -- NIGHT.
text: Moonlight. Crickets. A bland house in a middle-class
text: suburban neighborhood. A host of FBI, SHERIFF, and POLICE
text: CARS, lights turned off, glide up and silently park.
text: A swarm of shadows, as AGENTS and OFFICERS silently emerge
text: and take up a perimeter.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S WORK STATION -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: More relaxed now, Marsh organizes papers on her desk.
text: Griffin, typing into a chat room, mutters bitterly--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I’ve gotta get reassigned.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: What’s the matter?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: This retired Army Captain is
dialog: offering to come over to where I’m
dialog: baby-sitting, only he’s got so many
dialog: chats going, he can’t keep his
dialog: names straight. He keeps calling
dialog: me Jill instead of Molly.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Let’s see what his cellmates call
dialog: him....
text: Marsh smiles, then abruptly notices the Post-it Wilks gave
text: her. She reads it again, frowns, then with one hand types
text: killwithme.com into a browser and hits Enter.
scene_heading: EXT. TAMPA HOUSE -- SAME -- NIGHT.
text: With his team in position, GRAY, 40, an FBI agent, strides to
text: the front door with ANOTHER AGENT. Gray knocks.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: FBI, Mr. Barrow! Open the door
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S WORK STATION -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh watches as killwithme.com loads. The site’s home page
text: is empty, black. She waits. Nothing. Just as she is about
text: to close the window, creepy-cute theme music plays and an
text: oversized red emoticon struts out, smiling.
text: A red text banner crawls across the bottom of the screen:
dialog: Kill with me...Kill with me...Kill with me.... The emoticon
text: points to a blinking Command Button marked Enter. Marsh
text: clicks on it.
text: The page loads the video image of the kitten, caught in the
text: glue-trap. Now both front paws are stuck. Marsh’s eyes gain
dialog: intensity.
scene_heading: EXT. TAMPA HOUSE -- SAME -- NIGHT.
text: Gray, still waiting, knocks again, louder. A DEPUTY runs
text: around from the back of the house, whispering urgently--
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: We’ve got movement in a back room!
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: That’s it, let’s breach.
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: Gimme the ram!
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S WORK STATION -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: On her computer screen, behind the struggling kitten, Marsh
text: notices the TV set. Using her mouse, she screen-captures it
text: then magnifies it. She can see what’s playing on the set:
dialog: Live cable news.
scene_heading: INT. TAMPA LIVING ROOM -- SAME -- NIGHT.
text: The door splinters. Amid a chaos of flashlight beams, Agents
text: and Officers pour in, guns drawn. Nobody. Empty. They hit
text: the overhead lights. A rear bedroom door is locked. Loud,
text: angry rap music blares from inside.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: (banging on it)
dialog: FBI! Open up!
dialog: (to Gray)
dialog: It’s a fuckin’ bunker!
text: Gray nods. The two agents use the ram, splintering the door
speaker_heading: AGENT (cont’d)
text: ON THE FLOOR! GET ON THE FLOOR!
dialog: KEEP YOUR HANDS IN VIEW!
text: The agents point their guns and shine their lights in. In
text: the criss-cross of the beams, we catch barred windows, a wall
text: of merchandise still in its boxes, and a huge plasma TV
text: showing a frozen image from a terribly violent video game.
text: A SHADOWY MALE FIGURE, clutching a hard drive still connected
text: by a couple of cords to the computer, sinks to the floor.
text: Gray steps in with his flashlight
scene_heading: INT. TAMPA BEDROOM -- CONTINUOUS -- NIGHT.
text: Gray’s face changes when he sees the suspect. He lifts his
text: cell phone and dials.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S WORK STATION -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh, her face pained, studies the suffering kitten. Her
text: phone rings. She answers it with a computer click
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Jennifer Marsh. FBI Cyber Division.
speaker_heading: GRAY (0.S.)
dialog: Paul Gray, FBI Tampa. We got ‘im.
dialog: Hard drive intact. Plenty of
dialog: contraband.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Good work. Let me guess, it’s a
dialog: teenager, right? Barrow’s got a
dialog: son?
scene_heading: INT. TAMPA BEDROOM -- SAME -- NIGHT.
text: Gray, speaking on the phone to Marsh, is amazed.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: How’d you know that?
text: ANGLE ON AN ACNE-FACED BOY, 14, wearing pajamas, terrified,
text: crouched on the floor, being handcuffed in the beams of the
text: flashlights.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: MARSH (0.S.)
text: High tech and porn, then out of the
dialog: blue he buys a Swiss watch? How
dialog: come? Then it hit me. Sunday’s
dialog: Father’s Day.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Sweet dreams, Marsh.
speaker_heading: MARSH (0.S.)
dialog: I haven’t had one of those since I
dialog: left the Academy--
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S WORK STATION -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh stares at the kitten on her screen. Her smile fades.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: --but thanks, anyway.
text: Marsh hangs up. Griffin, having wheeled his chair back to
text: her monitor, studies the kitten.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: What the hell is this?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I’m not sure, but it’s streaming
dialog: live.
text: Marsh types, opening windows until she’s got the cable news
text: playing live. She drags it over to killwithme and lines it
text: up next to the site’s TV set. The two broadcasts are
text: identical, in perfect sync. Griffin shakes his head--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Just when you think you’ve seen it
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Look -- a message from our sponsor.
text: A banner of red text crawls across the bottom of the screen:
text: “HHOS...HHOS... HHOS....” Marsh thinks, then translates--
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont‘d)
dialog: Ha-Ha, Only Serious.
text: Griffin throws Marsh an uneasy look. From the next scene, we
text: hear honking car horns.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: EXT. MARYLAND HIGHWAY -- LATER -- EARLY MORNING.
text: A traffic jam as far as the eye can see.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (0.S.)
dialog: Northstar operator Tina. Good
dialog: morning, Miss Marsh, how can I
dialog: assist you?
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S SUV -- SAME -- EARLY MORNING.
text: Marsh, crawling along in the traffic jam, talks to a speaker
dialog: over her head--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Well, Tina, I’d like to get home
dialog: someday. What’s the outlook?
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (0.S.)
dialog: Let’s see.... Good news. In about
dialog: a hundred yards, you’11l reach--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I see it. Thanks.
text: Marsh cuts off the system.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S SUV -- MINUTE LATER -- EARLY MORNING.
text: Marsh reaches the source of the jam: A crushed motorcycle.
text: Blood. A body covered by a tarp. Marsh is disgusted by the
text: rubbernecking. As soon as she is able, she roars away.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S KITCHEN -- LATER -- DAWN.
text: STELLA MARSH, 50’s, a charming ex-hippie, attractive but a
text: bit ethereal and scattered, cooks pancakes on the stove. The
text: back door bangs open. Stella gasps, a hand to her heart
text: then laughs at her own fear
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Shit, you scared me!
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Watch your tongue, young lady.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Hey, that’s what I used to say to
dialog: you when you were little.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I know, Mom, that’s why I said it
dialog: That what makes it so darned funny.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Don’t be a grump. Why’re you so
dialog: late?
text: Marsh drops her laptop on the counter. She pets a black cat
dialog: sitting nearby--
speaker_heading: MARSH
text: There was a crash on the I-50.
dialog: Everybody just had to line up for a
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Oh, I hate that.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Yeah, sorta makes you wanna buy a
dialog: time-share on another planet.
text: She exits into the next room. Through the doorway, we see
text: her stop at a hutch, open a drawer, set her Glock inside it,
dialog: and lock the drawer.
scene_heading: INT. CHILD’S BEDROOM -- MOMENTS LATER -- MORNING.
text: ANNIE MARSH, 6, Still wearing pajamas, lays out kooky clothes
text: on her little bed. Part of the ensemble is a day camp T-
text: shirt. Marsh stands at the door, smiling gently--
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mommy !
text: Annie runs over and jumps into her mother’s arms. Marsh
text: peppers her with kisses.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (cont’d)
dialog: I’m making my outfit!
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Hey, that’s my job.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You were late. Was traffic murder?
text: Marsh is struck by the word.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: No, but...but definitely bad.
dialog: (walking to the bed)
dialog: Let’s see what we’ve got here.
text: Lavender...red...blue...and pink.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Do they match?
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Not even a little.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Cool. That’s my style.
text: Marsh laughs and tickles her. Annie squirms and giggles
dialog: happily.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH’S HOUSE -- LATER -- MORNING.
text: DISTANT POV: The door opens and Annie comes running out
text: being chased by Marsh. Marsh scoops her up and carries her
text: to a Volvo parked in the driveway. Stella sits behind the
dialog: wheel.
text: CLOSE ON THE CAR. Marsh lowers Annie into the back seat and
text: fastens her seat belt.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Come on, nice and tight.
text: Annie comically pretends that it’s so tight that she can’t
text: breathe. Marsh laughs and shuts the door. As Stella backs
text: out, Marsh turns and looks at the unruly front lawn. Stella
text: stops and lowers the window.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Don’t even think about it.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: But - -
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Sweetheart? Get some sleep.
dialog: Please? Good sleep?
text: Marsh smiles at her mother’s worries. As the car drives
text: away, Marsh walks back to the house. She stops and studies
dialog: the lawn. Her mom’s right. She shouldn’t.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S GARAGE -- MOMENTS LATER -- MORNING.
text: Marsh hoists the power lawn mower off a hook on the wall.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH’S HOUSE -- LATER -- MORNING.
text: Marsh pushes the powerful, noisy mower, whose engine falters
text: and sputters, then roars back to life. A NEIGHBOR across the
text: way, grabs his newspaper, and, seeing Marsh, waves. Working
text: hard, she doesn’t notice. He shrugs and goes back inside.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S BATHROOM -- LATER -- MORNING.
text: INCHING CLOSER AND CLOSER to the frosted-glass shower door,
text: we see the naked outline of Marsh showering.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S BEDROOM -- LATER -- MORNING.
text: Wearing only underwear and a T-shirt, Marsh yanks shut the
text: curtain, blacking out her room.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S BEDROOOM -- LATER -- DAY.
text: Just the burning outline of sun around the curtain. Marsh
text: lies wide awake, restless. She grabs the remote and flicks
text: on the TV.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: --of those killed in the blast
dialog: twenty-seven were Iraqis, most of
dialog: them school children. We warn our
dialog: viewers that some of the images you
dialog: are about to see are--
text: Marsh shuts off the set. Settles back. The cat jumps up on
text: the bed, purring, rubbing its cheek against her hand. Marsh
text: smiles, pets it. She meets the animal’s gaze. Her smile
text: fades, as she remembers something. She jerks to her feet.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S BEDROOM -- MINUTE LATER -- DAY.
text: Still in her underwear, Marsh sits at her computer. The
text: kitten is still there, but now all four of its paws, as well
text: as its stomach, tail, and bell, are stuck in the glue. Only
text: its slow-blinking eyes tell us that it is even alive. The
text: text crawl reads: LABATYD...LABATYD...LABATYD....
text: Marsh stares, then whispers to herself--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Life’s A Bitch And Then You Die.
text: She starts to type.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: No kidding.
text: She types several commands into a unix shell. Trace routing
text: algorithms begin to run. A different screen shows possible
text: IP addresses. The list begins growing, from ten to hundreds
text: to thousands.... Marsh shakes her head at the futility.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: INT. CYBER DIVISION HEADQUARTERS -- LATER -- EVENING.
text: Elevator doors open. Out steps Special Agent in Charge of
text: the Cyber Division, WYNN BROOKS, 50’s, Southern accent, dry,
text: smug, unimaginative.
scene_heading: INT. DIAL-UP ROOM -- MOMENTS LATER -- EVENING.
text: Brooks walks down the aisle of cubicles to where Marsh,
text: Griffin, and Wilks stand around Marsh’s desk.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: All right, Jennifer, show me this
dialog: tortured kitty of yours.
text: He and Marsh lock eyes. They have a thorny subtext: Marsh
text: doesn’t respect him and he knows it; Brooks is attracted to
dialog: her and she couldn’t care less.
speaker_heading: MARSH
text: The torture’s over.
text: She steps aside, revealing her monitor, where the kitten lies
text: broken and flat, face down, dead in the glue.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: I should say so.
text: A respectful beat, then Griffin murmurs--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Poor Lulu.
text: Everyone looks at him strangely.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (cont'd)
dialog: What? That’s her name.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: The owner...Scotty Hickman...26...
dialog: from Columbia...says she was
dialog: snatched a few days ago from his
text: front lawn during a yard sale. He
dialog: recognized the fancy collar.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Not Columbia, Maryland?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: So this site, which could have
dialog: originated anywhere from Oslo to
dialog: Timbuktu- -
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: --is streaming locally. Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: The odds of that are--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: A billion to one, if it were a
dialog: coincidence. But it’s not.
text: Brooks glances at her. Pause. A tiny stand-off.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Care to explain?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I’d be happy to. We only found out
dialog: about the site because, within
dialog: minutes of it going up, it was
dialog: tipped to the County Sheriff and
dialog: the Baltimore PD. Both tips came
text: from an Inner Harbor pay phone.
dialog: Whoever’s behind the site lives in
dialog: the area and wants attention.
text: On the screen, a text banner appears: GYETS...MTC...GYETS
scene_heading: ..-MTC...GYETS ...MTC....
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Chat-room shorthand. “Glad You
dialog: Enjoyed The Show. More To Come.”
text: The emoticon comes strutting across the screen. It stops and
text: laughs mockingly at its audience. Brooks smirks--
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Cocky little bugger.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: He can afford to be. His site’s
dialog: incredibly sophisticated. Every
text: frame of the video’s hidden and
text: relayed among all of its viewers.
dialog: Lots of viewers...lots of relays
dialog: like a mosaic...and it’s impossible
dialog: to tell where it originated. It’s
dialog: almost like he’s built his own peer-
dialog: to-peer serving network for every
dialog: frame.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: MARSH(cont 'd)
dialog: Let’s alert STAD and see if it’s a
dialog: new distributed serving technology
dialog: they recognize. Meanwhile, I'd
dialog: like to pull Griffin off Innocent
dialog: Images and--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: (to Brooks)
dialog: I really could use the break, sir.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Working together we might be able
dialog: to--
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: I’ve got a better idea. Call the
dialog: Humane Society.
text: Brooks casually walks away.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Wynn, I really think--
text: Brooks stops and turns back with a patronizing air--
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Now, I know how you single women
dialog: love your felines, but given the
dialog: state of the world, don’t you think
dialog: there are more important things for
dialog: you to worry about? Maybe some-
dialog: thing under our jurisdiction?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: This is our jurisdiction. It’s
dialog: obscenity.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: (eyes narrowing)
dialog: Shocks your conscience, does it?
dialog: Well, it’s a good thing you never
dialog: met my Granny Brooks, ‘cause she
dialog: used to drown ’em by the litter
dialog: (to everyone else)
dialog: Back to work, gentlemen.
text: Brooks raps his knuckles on a desk and walks on. Marsh is
dialog: pissed.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMDEN YARDS -- TWO WEEKS LATER -- EVENING.
text: Gorgeous dusk. Waving flag. Packed stadium. A BAPTIST
text: QUARTET sings the National Anthem to a packed stadium.
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. CAMDEN YARDS -- SAME -- EVENING.
text: The bright parking lot is packed. Last-minute TICKET HOLDERS
text: hurry up to the stadium turnstiles. From inside, the anthem
dialog: ends.
scene_heading: INT. CAMDEN PARKING LOT PERIMETER-- SAME -- EVENING.
text: HERBERT MILLER, 50, burly and amiable, an Air Force tattoo on
text: his forearm, walks up, looking around. A distant roar from
text: inside the stadium. Miller sees what he’s looking for.
text: FOLLOW MILLER, walking across the street to a Volkswagen bus
text: parked in the shadows under a tree. The bus’s side door is
text: open and SOMEONE pokes around inside, moving aside piles of
text: junk. Miller stops right behind him.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Hi.
text: The person gasps, whips around, startled. We don’t see his
dialog: face.
scene_heading: EXT. MARYLAND MAIN STREET -- DAY.
text: Marsh, parked outside a children’s martial arts academy, sits
text: in her SUV, flipping through a travel magazine.
scene_heading: INT. SUV -- SAME -- DAY.
text: Marsh lowers the magazine, stares into the middle distance,
text: thinking. A HANDSOME YOUNG MAN, crossing the street, gives
text: her a smile.
text: Marsh, snapping to, gives him only the faintest smile back.
text: She glances at her laptop computer, sitting nearby. She
text: can’t help herself. She flips it open and starts to type.
text: We hear the music of killwithme.com. When the next window
text: opens, Marsh sees something she did not expect. Her face
dialog: changes terribly.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: (knocking on the window)
dialog: Hey!
text: Marsh nearly jumps out of her skin. Stella, carrying a
text: grocery bag, stands at her closed window, pointing to the
dialog: parking meter.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Meter’s empty! Got a quarter?
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: EXT. CYBER DIVISION HEADQUARTERS -- LATER -- DAY.
text: Marsh strides quickly across the parking lot.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (0.C.)
dialog: Hold it right there, copper.
text: Marsh smiles when she sees Griffin, disheveled and unshaven,
text: climbing out of his used sports car.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Sorry about the timing.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: (hurrying to join her)
dialog: Hey, it’s not your fault. I had
dialog: nothing to do, anyway. Except sit
dialog: around, trying to figure out why I
dialog: couldn’t get to first base last
dialog: night with a date who was both
text: promiscuous and unattractive.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Maybe if you went out with women
dialog: you’ve actually met....
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: There’s a prescription for lone-
dialog: liness. I work nights. Who do I
dialog: meet?
text: Marsh laughs and puts a consoling arm around him.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S WORK STATION -- MOMENTS LATER -- DAY.
text: Marsh, settling into her chair, is already urgently typing
dialog: into her keyboard--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: For the past two weeks, it hasn’t
text: changed: a saucer of curdled milk
text: a dead kitten, a pile of maggots.
dialog: Then Friday night around eleven,
dialog: the site was down. Gone. I hoped
dialog: forever. But then, an hour ago--
text: She hits Enter. What Griffin sees on the screen makes his
text: face unhinge. He looks closer. He can’t believe his eyes.
dialog: REVERSE ANGLE: It’s Herbert Miller, the man from the Orioles
text: game, in the same basement room as the kitten, bound and
text: gagged, cemented upright at the waist into the floor.
dialog: 20.
text: Bare-chested, Miller is surrounded on three sides by A DOZEN
text: INFRARED HEAT LAMPS. Just two are turned on, glowing red.
text: Miller drips with sweat, defiant, struggling, yelling into
text: the gag. In the background, the TV, still sitting on the
text: box, shows a NASCAR race.
text: Griffin leans down, types, hits keys, then, using Marsh’s
text: mouse, drags a live network NASCAR broadcast across the
text: screen and places it beneath the race on the website.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
text: Still streaming live.
text: Marsh points with her cursor to the top left corner of the
text: screen, where a digital counter marked ETOD counts down the
dialog: time: 23:46:32
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Estimated Time of Death.
text: On the right side of the screen, Marsh points to a counter
text: marked NOV with a rapidly increasing number: 27,108.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont‘d)
dialog: Number of Viewers.
text: She points to the text crawl at the bottom of the screen.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont‘d)
dialog: This is what connects them.
dialog: The text reads: The more that watch, the faster he cooks
dialog: ...The more that watch, the faster he cooks...The more that
dialog: watch, the faster he cooks....
text: Griffin is horrified, but then he realizes.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Wait, it’s bullshit, right? It’s
dialog: fake. It’s gotta be. The guy’s an
dialog: actor!
speaker_heading: WILKS (0.S.)
dialog: He’s a helicopter pilot.
text: They turn. There’s Wilks, holding up a Baltimore Police
text: Department missing person’s report bearing a color photo of
text: Miller, surrounded by his happy wife and three smiling
dialog: daughters.
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: INT. CYBER-DIVISION HEADQUARTERS HALLWAY -- LATER.
text: Marsh and Griffin stride quickly. Griffin says under his
dialog: breath--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: You know, just because you were
dialog: right and he was wrong, doesn’t
dialog: mean you have to rub his nose in
dialog: it.
text: Marsh’s smile does not reassure.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKS'S OFFICE -- MOMENTS LATER -- DAY.
text: Brooks leans back in his desk chair, frowning skeptically at
text: his computer screen, which shows Herbert Miller trapped in
text: the cement. Marsh and Griffin sit across from him. Griffin
text: reads aloud, summarizing from the report--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Herbert Miller, 54. A pilot for
dialog: Liberty Executive Charter. Lives
dialog: in Bramford, ten minutes from here.
dialog: Friday after work, he called his
dialog: wife and said he had a great ticket
dialog: for the 0’s game that he got from
text: an ad he placed on Craig’s List.
dialog: She never heard from him again.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Does he have any priors?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Miller? I...I--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: How is that relevant?
text: Brooks looks out the window, thinks.
speaker_heading: BROOK
dialog: Remember the snuff film that was
dialog: sent into the L.A. office last
dialog: year? Teenage geisha cut right in
dialog: two. Six weeks later, they found
text: her safe and sound, waiting tables
dialog: in Little Tokyo. Maybe Miller’s
dialog: involved somehow. ..maybe--
text: Marsh can’t believe what he is saying, but before she can
text: respond, Wilks appears at the open door--
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: WILKS
dialog: (pale, shaken)
dialog: Sir, killwithme, it’s-- Well-- I
dialog: think you should take a look--
text: Brooks, exasperated, hits his keyboard, awakening the screen.
text: Marsh and Griffin walk around the desk for a look.
text: Miller is slumped over, breathing hard, pouring sweat. The
text: Viewer counter, spinning much faster now, hits 1,120,000.
text: The Estimated Time Of Death has spun below 23 hours.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: If those viewer numbers are real,
dialog: it’s a rate of increase that--
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: It’s because they know it’s fake.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Or because they hope it isn’t.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: That’s how he controls the time of
dialog: death.
text: A third heat lamp has begun to glow orange. Miller violently
text: bucks, crying out into his gag.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: What’s driving up the numbers like
dialog: that? It can’t just be word of
dialog: mouth.
scene_heading: EXT. MILLERS’ BRAMFORD HOME -- AFTERNOON.
text: TV NEWS VANS and SATELLITE TRUCKS are parked in the driveway.
text: The living room windows are illuminated by bright lights from
text: inside. COPS keep order among the neighbors, dog walkers,
text: kids on bikes, gathered outside.
text: An UNMARKED CAR drives up to the curb. JOHN BOX, 40, a
text: street-tough homicide detective, emerges, smoking a
text: cigarette. He is strong, self-assured, a touch world-weary.
text: A COP walks over to meet him.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: When did the circus hit town?
speaker_heading: CoP #1
dialog: Right after the clowns got tipped.
text: All of ‘em. Anonymously.
dialog: 23.
text: Box shakes his head with dismay, and they head to the house.
text: The crowd parts. Box flicks his cigarette before he goes
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: INT. MILLERS’ BRAMFORD HOME -- CONTINUOUS -- AFTERNOON.
text: Under bright lights, MRS. MILLER sits on the couch, clutching
text: a ball of tissue, crying, talking to LOCAL TV REPORTERS.
scene_heading: MRS. MILLER
dialog: I don’t know this person. He calls
dialog: and says he’s killing my husband on
dialog: the computer! I can hear Herb
dialog: screaming!
text: Box enters and stops in the doorway to watch--
speaker_heading: MRS. MILLER (cont'd)
dialog: What was I supposed to do? I had
dialog: to turn on the computer!
scene_heading: INT. STELLA MARSH’S BEDROOM -- LATER -- EVENING.
text: Sitting up in bed, Stella watches Mrs. Miller crying on TV:
speaker_heading: MRS. MILLER (ON TV)
dialog: I wish I hadn’t! What do I tell my
dialog: girls!
speaker_heading: ANNIE (0.C.)
dialog: Grandma, I can’t sleep.
text: Annie stands at the door, rubbing a knuckle into her eye.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Hold on, honey!
text: Stella quickly switches the channel. It’s Mrs. Miller again--
speaker_heading: MRS. MILLER (ON TV)
dialog: Who would do this? why?!
text: She switches it again.
speaker_heading: MRS. MILLER (ON TV) (cont'd)
dialog: --never hurt anyone! He’s sucha
dialog: good man!
text: At wit’s end, Stella snaps the set off and gets out of bed.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Why was that lady crying?
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: She’s what’s known as a sports widow.
dialog: Come on, I’1l read you a story.
text: They exit.
scene_heading: INT. DIAL-UP ROOM -- NIGHT.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES DOWN the row of agents and we see what they
dialog: are working on: exactly what they were working on in the
text: film’s opening, and at the same measured pace. Nothing has
dialog: changed until....
text: WE STOP ON MARSH, driven, exhausted, typing fast, a finished
text: Chinese meal at her side. One small corner of her central
text: monitor shows Miller lying motionless, soaked, breathing
text: hard. Nine of the twelve lamps are blaze now.
text: The Viewer counter has climbed to 6,975,000, and the
dialog: Estimated Time Of Death had moved below 5 hours.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Interesting. The site blocks all
dialog: foreign users. Only US-based IP
dialog: addresses can get on.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: How patriotic.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The e-mail offering Miller the
dialog: Orioles ticket, and the tips coming
dialog: into the TV stations, were all sent
dialog: from different mail servers, and
dialog: they were all shut down ten seconds
dialog: after the messages were sent.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: No surprise.
text: Griffin wheels his chair over. He pulls the egg roll out and
text: reads from a note pad--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I searched every newsgroup and found
dialog: the very first post that mentioned
dialog: killwithme. It appeared about thirty
dialog: seconds after the site went up.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: “A cat caught in a mouse trap. How’s
dialog: that for irony? It’s streaming live
dialog: on killwithme.com. It’s awesome.
dialog: Check it out.”
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN(cont'd)
dialog: I traced it to a Georgetown
dialog: sophomore named Andrew Kinross.
dialog: But then I looked closer and saw
dialog: the post didn’t actually originate
text: from his computer.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Our guy got into his machine and
dialog: posted it from there.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: That would be my guess.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: So let’s go after the originating
dialog: computer’s IP.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: It’s worth a shot.
text: Griffin wheels back to his desk. He is struck by the sight
text: of Miller on the screen, staring straight at him.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (cont'd)
dialog: Too bad he wasn’t a Boy Scout. He
dialog: could blink Morse Code and tell us
dialog: where he is.
text: Marsh smiles and shakes her head at Griffin’s odd mind, then
text: begins to type.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT -- NIGHT.
text: Miller, cemented into the floor, is slouched over, his skin
text: burned violet, his lips and eyelids crusted, facing the video
text: camera. The air shimmies with the fierce heat.
text: Miller’s lifeless eyes slowly lift. Ten feet away, along the
text: dirty wall, lies the dead kitten -- a maggoty patch of dried
text: fur set in glue.
text: CLOSE ON A DIGITAL READOUT. When the Viewer counter goes
text: over 8,000,000, a hard drive flashes and the tenth lamp whirs
text: to life. Miller’s eyes widen and he moans helplessly.
scene_heading: INT. DIAL-UP ROOM -- SAME -- NIGHT.
text: Marsh and Griffin have fallen into a fast, efficient rhythm
dialog: together- -
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I’m trying to find a footprint on
text: Kinross’s box.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I think I see it.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I have it, too.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Running trace-route. We'll get it.
dialog: It's been bounced through a relay--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Except it isn't just masked -- it's
dialog: encrypted....
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
text: ...USing a DOD encryption program.
dialog: Interesting. Not a problem.
text: As Griffin types, his screens flash with graphics and data
text: streams. The two work and relay information in perfect sync.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (cont'd)
dialog: Okay, I’ve unencrypted the orig-
text: inating IP. A couple of duplexers
text: a firewall. A major firewall, as
dialog: good as ours.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I just burned it down.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Maybe he’s not as smart as we
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I’m in his hard drive. I’ve got his
dialog: root directory.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Check out the recent activity.
dialog: What's he been up to?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Reading about his own site. I’m
dialog: sorry, but that’s just tacky.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Let’s I.D. him. Any commercial
dialog: transactions?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Got the four-by-four digits of a
dialog: credit card. First digit is a5.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Mastercard. I see it. Cross-
text: referenced with an on-line receipt
dialog: from...Chang’s Three Rivers?
text: She glances at the Chang’s Three Rivers bag right next to
text: her. Her expression changes. Griffin is oblivious.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: He’s got good taste.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Orange Chicken, brown rice, and
dialog: four egg rolls -- that’s exactly
dialog: what we ordered. Except we got two
dialog: egg rolls.
text: This gets Griffin’s attention. He looks at Marsh and,
text: without breaking eye contact, slides open a desk drawer to
text: reveal two more egg rolls. Marsh sits back, pissed.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’‘d)
dialog: He routed us right back to our own
dialog: computer. Shit!
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: So he’s not as smart as we thought.
dialog: He’s smarter.
text: They sit for a moment, breathing hard, a bit spooked.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (cont'd)
dialog: He’s in our network, you know.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Not for long. Internal Ops will--
text: An alert on her screen starts to flash red.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’‘d)
text: There. He’s purged.
text: Marsh’s Treo vibrates. She looks down, hits a key. On the
text: screen, the text message is nothing but a field of random
dialog: numbers.
dialog: 28.
text: Before Marsh can react, she notices Brooks striding down the
text: hall with Detective John Box. Brooks holds open a conference
text: room door and gestures for Marsh to join them.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Maybe that’s the profiler you asked
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Not unless Quantico’s changed its
dialog: dress code.
scene_heading: INT. DIAL-UP CONFERENCE ROOM -- MOMENTS LATER -- NIGHT.
text: Marsh enters a bit warily. Detective Box stands, exhausted,
text: looking out the window, sipping coffee.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Jennifer Marsh -- Detective John
dialog: Box. Baltimore PD’s got him on the
dialog: Miller abduction.
text: Box turns to face her. A charged moment. Some chemistry.
text: Maybe even a flicker of recognition. They shake hands.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: A pleasure.
text: He smiles. Slightly awkward beat.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: So, you’re on the team? You'll be
dialog: joining the task force?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: No team, just me.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: And we won’t be using the task
dialog: force until we have a better idea
dialog: of what we’ve got here.
text: Marsh stares him down for a beat.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Well, that’s idiotic.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: (amused, to Box)
dialog: What’d I tell you?
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: It’s a wonder the State Department
dialog: hasn’t come calling.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: If you’1l excuse me--
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: No, I will not. Get back in here.
text: Marsh reluctantly obeys.
speaker_heading: BROOKS (cont'd)
dialog: It’s past John’s bedtime -- give him
dialog: what you’ve got, and he’1l do the
dialog: same for you, then you can both go
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Now? I still have--
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: I’m switching you to days.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Why? I’m on this schedule because
dialog: of my daughter, so--
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: You play nice now.
text: Brooks exits, shutting the door behind him. Tense silence.
text: Marsh exhales heavily and sits, resigned--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: You first.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: We found Miller’s car parked three
dialog: blocks from Camden Yards. No
text: prints but his own. The stadium
dialog: cameras caught nothing. We’re
dialog: asking the public for their help.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What else? Oh, yeah, I talked to
dialog: his wife.
text: Still holding his coffee cup, Box uses his other hand to flip
text: open his notebook.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: Patty. She’s a wreck. Doesn’t
dialog: know why anyone would do this to
dialog: him.
text: He flips the notebook shut. That’s it. Marsh can’t help but
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: MARSH
text: Thorough.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: What can I say? Miller’s a good
dialog: guy. A veteran. Coaches Little
dialog: League. Church every Sunday.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Then why’d the subject pick him?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: “Subject?” What is this, science
dialog: class?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: What would you prefer?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: How about the “piece of shit?”
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Why’d he pick Miller?
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: I don’t know. Maybe it was random.
text: Marsh thinks for a few beats.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: What about the guy who owned the
dialog: kitten? You talk to him?
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: Hickman. Yeah, he’s a jackass.
text: Box slaps down a Baltimore Sun with a picture of a spike-
text: haired, chubby malcontent in an orange-and-yellow uniform.
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: He just wants the collar back
dialog: It cost him twelve bucks on ebay.
dialog: That’s a lot when you’re an
dialog: assistant manager at Burger King.
dialog: 31.
text: Marsh settles into thought. Box is intrigued by her
dialog: intensity.
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: What’ve you got for me?
text: She looks at him, assessing. Then speaks softly--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: There’s no such thing as an
dialog: untraceable website...but now I’m
dialog: not so sure. Killwithme is like
dialog: nothing I’ve ever seen or imagined.
dialog: As long as the prime-upload site is
dialog: a ghost, this guy can kill Miller
dialog: ...or anyone else he wants...he can
dialog: invite the whole world to watch and
dialog: join in...and there’s not a thing
dialog: we can do to stop it.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: On your end.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Guess I have some work to do.
text: Box rises from his chair. She watches him go.
scene_heading: INT. DIAL-UP ROOM HALLWAY -- MINUTE LATER -- EVENING.
text: Emerging from the room, Box goes one way and, moments later
text: Marsh goes another. Marsh walks back to her desk, begins
text: packing up her stuff. She speaks to Griffin--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Wynn’s switching me to days.
text: When she doesn’t get a response, she looks over and sees
text: Griffin sitting motionless. She walks over. Looks.
text: A terrible sight: All twelve of the lamps glow red. Miller
text: lies dead, his skin a deep purple, cracking and peeling, his
dialog: hair smoking.
text: The Viewer counter is spinning like a slot machine, moving
text: above 11,056,000, and the Estimated Time Of Death has stopped
text: at 00:00:00.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: (whisper )
dialog: There was time, but then the
dialog: numbers...they just exploded.
text: The text banner appears: ROTFL...TYFAYS...MTC...ROTFL
text: TYFAYS...MTC...ROTFL...TYFTAYS...MTC.... Marsh reads,
dialog: thinks, then translates--
speaker_heading: MARSH
text: Rolling On The Floor Laughing.
dialog: Thank You For All Your Support.
dialog: More To Come.
text: Angry but stoical, she goes back to her desk. She unlocks
text: her drawer and jams her Glock back in her holster. She grabs
text: her jacket. On her way out, she murmurs--
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: We'll see about that.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON D.C. MALL -- EARLY MORNING.
text: The sun rises on the vast expanse of green. And so begins a
scene_heading: SLOW VISUAL TOUR OF WASHINGTON D.C. at DAYBREAK -- the
dialog: museums, the parks, the monuments, historic Georgetown, the
dialog: White House....
text: OVER THE GORGEOUS TOUR, we hear a spliced jumble of various
dialog: local TV and radio broadcasts:
speaker_heading: AUDIO JUMBLE
dialog: Herbert Miller...the Bramford man
dialog: ...last seen ten days ago...
text: streaming live...a grisly sight
dialog: ...,authorities report...real or
dialog: fake...a stunt...until a body is
dialog: found speculation...no one has
dialog: claimed responsibility...since the
dialog: site went black, rumors abound...
dialog: local authorities...the end or just
dialog: the beginning?
scene_heading: EXT. D.C. RESIDENTIAL NEIGHBORHOOD -- LATER -- MORNING.
text: Birds sing on a gorgeous tree-lined street of stately homes,
text: dappled with shadow.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. D.C. HOUSE -- SAME -- MORNING.
text: A big Colonial house. An SUV is parked in the driveway. The
text: front door opens and a SPOILED PREPPIE, 22, emerges, carrying
text: a golf bag, speaking on his cell phone--
speaker_heading: SPOILED PREPPIE
dialog: Dude, he is so Red State. He
text: drives a pick-up truck...his teeth
dialog: look like puppy chow..and the
dialog: haircut. What is that, a reverse
dialog: mullet?
speaker_heading: FRIEND 0O.S.
dialog: (through the phone)
dialog: His girlfriend cut it. She’s
dialog: French.
speaker_heading: SPOILED PREPPIE
dialog: I knew I hated her.
text: He opens the back of the SUV.
speaker_heading: SPOILED PREPPIE (cont’d)
dialog: Anyway, no way he’s stepping foot
dialog: in my dad’s country club. Call
dialog: Tucker or even that fat kid from--
text: His golf bag lands with a weird thud.
speaker_heading: SPOILED PREPPIE (cont’d)
dialog: Hold on.
text: He opens the hatch wider to look. He sees a black trash bag
text: filled with something. He unties it. He staggers back
text: sucking wind, as the purple, withered face of Herbert Miller
text: plops out, connected only to Miller’s upper torso.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S KITCHEN -- MORNING.
text: Annie munches cereal. She looks over, notices something, and
dialog: smiles--
speaker_heading: ANNIE
text: Mommy’s sleepy.
text: Stella, seated next to Annie, pouring herself coffee, looks
dialog: over--
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You know, I think she is.
text: ANGLE ON MARSH, looking dead tired.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Why do you say that?
text: She pretends to nod off, snoring, into her oatmeal. Annie
text: giggles. Stella pours Marsh some more coffee.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: It’s a big deal, you know, turning
dialog: your schedule upside down. It’s
dialog: crazy-making. Or, in your case,
dialog: crazy increasing.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Shouldn’t you be getting senile
dialog: soon?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: But there is an upside. A normal
dialog: schedule might lead to other normal
dialog: activities.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: You mean d-a-t-i-n-g?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No spelling!
text: Annie blows a whistle on a cord around her neck. Marsh jumps
text: out of her skin.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Oh, baby! Too early!
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Did you see the pretty lanyard she
dialog: made at day camp?
text: Marsh’s cell phone rings. Annoyed, she opens it and looks at
text: the caller ID. She answers immediately- -
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: What’s up?
text: As she listens, she rises from her chair, shocked, her face
text: growing more and more alarmed. Annie makes a face at her
dialog: grandmother.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Uh-oh.
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: EXT. D.C. RESIDENTIAL STREET -- MORNING.
text: HELICOPTER SHOT: the Colonial house has been cordoned off
text: with yellow evidence tape, behind which stand DOZENS OF
text: ONLOOKERS, visibly excited, taking photos with their cell
dialog: phones.
text: A Forensic Science Unit Van is parked outside, along with
text: several police cars. TWO CORONER TECHNICIANS carry Miller’s
text: remains in a zippered bag to their white van.
text: As we hover overhead, we notice DETECTIVES and UNIFORMED
text: OFFICERS at different doorways, questioning NEIGHBORS.
text: And in the midst of all of this -- John Box, striding across
text: the lawn in a hurry. He jumps into his car
scene_heading: EXT. BALTIMORE CITY HALL -- DAY.
text: Marsh hurries up the marble steps of the historic building.
scene_heading: EXT. BALTIMORE CITY HALL CORRIDOR -- LATER -- DAY.
text: Marsh walks down the hall, swarming with activity, and stops
text: at the Press Room door, where she flashes her badge.
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL PRESS ROOM -- CONTINUOUS -- DAY.
text: Marsh enters the bright, cluttered room, which is packed with
text: network and cable TV crews, reporters, and photographers, in
text: the middle of a press briefing.
text: At the microphone stands MICHAEL BECKETT, Chief of the
text: Baltimore Police, 60’s, silver-haired, red-cheeked, reading
dialog: from prepared notes.
text: Behind him stands John Box, as well as representatives from
dialog: the Secret Service, the District Attorney’s office, and the
dialog: local Sheriff’s office.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: --at which time Trey Restom, the son
dialog: of California Congressman Joseph
dialog: Restom, discovered the partial
text: remains of Mr. Miller inside the
dialog: vehicle. He immediately phoned local
dialog: authorities, who responded- -
scene_heading: INT. BALTIMORE CITY HALL -- LATER -- DAY.
text: Marsh and Box stride quickly down the hall--
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Miller was a god-damn chopper
dialog: pilot. wWhat’s his connection to a
dialog: U.S. Congressman?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: The killer had to dump the body
dialog: somewhere. Why not on a national
dialog: stage?
text: Box stops dead.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: You’re saying there is no connec-
dialog: tion? He did it for a bullshit
dialog: press conference?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: What, to build up his fan base?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: They’re not fans. They’re
dialog: accomplices.
text: Box takes a beat, then, disgusted, pushes through the ornate
dialog: door.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY HALL -- CONTINUOUS -- DAY.
text: Box lights a cigarette, as Marsh emerges behind him.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: But why’d he pick Restom, when he
dialog: had 434 other dishonest, yellow-
dialog: tied douche bags to choose from?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Good question.
text: Box throws her a smile, unused to the compliment.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: I know because I asked it myself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The Director testified before him
text: once. Restom sits on the House
dialog: Judiciary Committee. He’s a huge
dialog: supporter of Net Neutrality. All
dialog: traffic treated equally. No
dialog: restriction on content.
dialog: 37.
dialog: BOX.
dialog: You’d think the piece of shit would
dialog: be for that.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Yeah, you would.
text: They both think for a beat, then start to descend the steps.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont‘d)
dialog: What‘d you find on scene?
speaker_heading: BOX
text: A neighbor saw some a van drive by
text: around four a.m. Another heard a
text: car door slam a minute later. They
dialog: assumed it was the Post being
dialog: delivered. They were wrong. As
dialog: for Restom’s car, no sign of forced
dialog: entry. So, it looks like our guy’s
dialog: a god-damn locksmith, too.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Today, my men’re gonna work the tech
dialog: angle: computer companies...on-line
dialog: electronics stores...those freaks who
dialog: build their own computers.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Power Users. I’m one.
text: He smiles, checks his watch, and descends faster. She
text: struggles a bit to keep up.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: What’s the hurry?
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: (slowing down)
text: A house call. Arthur James Elmer.
dialog: An engineer at a place called
dialog: DynoTech Solutions. He was fired
dialog: six months ago for installing a
text: wireless web cam in the men’s room.
dialog: His landlady says ever since the
dialog: kitty bit the glue, he's been
text: talkin’ about the site non-stop.
text: They reach his car.
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: Get in, we’ll go together.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: No, thanks.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I don’t do field work.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: But that’s where our guy lives.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I’m better behind a desk. Anyway,
dialog: Brooks mobilized the task force, so
dialog: I really should....
text: His eyes meet hers. He flips his cigarette and gets into his
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: I’1l keep you posted.
text: Marsh, anxious, watches him drive off.
scene_heading: EXT. RUN-DOWN HOME -- DAY
text: TwO UNIFORMED COPS stand outside, near a broken, rusty fence,
text: as Box hurries up.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Who’s got the warrant?
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: (handing it over)
dialog: You do.
text: Box heads up the path to the house.
scene_heading: INT. RUN-DOWN HOME -- MOMENTS LATER -- DAY.
text: Knickknacks, doilies, and dust. Box enters. At the end of
text: the hall in the frilly kitchen, he sees TWO OFFICERS talking
text: to SOMEONE who blocks the basement door. We don’t have a
text: clear view.
scene_heading: INT. RUN-DOWN HOME KITCHEN -- MOMENTS LATER -- DAY.
text: Box enters, glances around the kitchen, taking it in, then
text: his eyes rest on ARTHUR JAMES ELMER, 30, skinny, brainy,
text: wearing khakis and a stained T-shirt.
speaker_heading: ELMER
dialog: You’re Box?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: That’s right.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: ELMER
dialog: Unusual name.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Wasn’t up to me.
speaker_heading: ELMER
dialog: You really think I baked that guy?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: ELMER
dialog: I’m flattered. I found it highly
dialog: entertaining. Especially at the
dialog: end. The way the viewership
dialog: increased geometrically. Like some
dialog: sort of epidemic. You know, AIDS
dialog: took twenty years to reach a
dialog: million hits. Killwithme did it in
dialog: less than two hours. You know what
dialog: they oughta do? Sell ad space.
text: Box stares, then slaps the warrant onto his chest. An
text: officer moves Elmer away from his door. The other officer
text: lays his hand on his weapon and leads the way downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. ELMER’S BASEMENT APARTMENT -- CONTINUOUS -- SAME.
text: Box walks down creaking wooden steps past a swinging light
text: bulb into a dim, dirty basement apartment.
text: Every inch of the walls and ceilings is covered with a photo
text: collage of YOUNG MALE MODELS, cut from magazines, every inch
text: covered in heavy shellack.
text: Box walks over to a large work table, covered with garbage,
text: and bearing a massive amount of computer equipment. A big
text: monitor shows the killwithme screen -- black.
text: Box spots a bucket next to the chair. Picks it up. When the
text: odor of urine hits him, he turns his head. The officer
text: points to a bank of monitors--
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Guy’s got enemies.
text: Box looks. The monitors show live web cam images of
dialog: different views from around the house--
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: No, he just thinks he does.
dialog: 40.
text: Elmer is led into the room by the other Officer. Box sees
text: stacks of DVD's everywhere, all bearing handwritten labels.
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: You like movies, huh?
speaker_heading: ELMER
dialog: Who doesn’t?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Me. You burn your own, huh?
text: Box pops a DVD in a player and hits play.
speaker_heading: BOX (cont'd)
dialog: That’s illegal.
text: Elmer smirks. Box hits pause, freezing the FBI WARNING about
text: illegal copying. He throws Elmer a dead-serious glance.
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: You can’t say we didn’t warn you.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S WORK STATION -- LATER -- DAY.
text: Marsh walks quickly down the hall, checking a message on her
text: Treo. She senses something and looks over. Griffin walks at
text: her side, beaming.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: What’re you doing here?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Guess who Brooks asked to join the
dialog: task force?
text: Marsh smiles at the happy surprise.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE MEETING ROOM -- LATER -- DAY.
text: Seated in the room are a DOZEN MEN and a COUPLE OF WOMEN:
dialog: representing the County Sheriff, the FBI, and the Baltimore
dialog: and D.C. police departments.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Since we’ve got a few new members,
dialog: let’s talk a minute to introduce
dialog: ourselves.
text: CLOSE ON MARSH, as the introductions quickly proceed. She
text: hears a vibration. Checks her Treo. An e-mail from Annie.
text: She opens it. Annie writes: “Hi, Momy. Grandma is helping
dialog: me wthi the cpmter. I love you.”
dialog: 41.
text: Marsh starts to write back. Griffin gives her a gentle jab
text: with his elbow. She looks at him, doesn’t understand. His
text: eyes bulge. She realizes that it’s her turn.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Sorry. Jennifer Marsh. I’ma
dialog: supervisor here.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Griffin Dowd. I work here, too.
dialog: In Innocent Images. Which is just
dialog: a poetic way of saying internet
dialog: kiddie porn. Serial homicide’1l be
dialog: a nice break.
text: The last few people introduce themselves and Wynn takes over
dialog: again--
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Before we discuss a game plan, you
dialog: should know that we do have a
text: suspect. A search warrant has been
dialog: issued for an Arthur James--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Elmer’s not our guy.
text: All eyes turn to Marsh. Brooks smiles--
speaker_heading: BROOKS
text: Ms. Marsh hasn’t left her desk all
dialog: day, and yet somehow she feels the
dialog: confidence to declare--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Friday, starting at 1 p.m., Elmer
text: was logged on to a chat room for
dialog: twelve consecutive hours. At the
dialog: time Miller disappeared, Elmer was
text: busy trying to arrange a private
dialog: chat with the first tenor of the
dialog: Gay Men’s Chorus of Greater Tacoma.
text: Brooks frowns, then notices Box standing at the open door
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: You hear that, John?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: She’s right. He’s not our guy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But it still felt good arresting
dialog: him.
dialog: 42.
text: A few chuckles. Box falls into a seat next to Marsh.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH’S BACKYARD -- EVENING.
text: The family is visible in the kitchen window, eating dinner.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH KITCHEN -- SAME -- EVENING.
text: The family eats.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: How was day camp, honey? Did you
dialog: have fun?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Beebee made me cry.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: She did? How?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: She called me “pooper -scooper.”
dialog: She says Bridget made it up...and
dialog: Bridget says Ashley did, but Ashley
dialog: says Beebee did, and I believe her.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Does it really matter? who said it
dialog: first?
text: Annie nods emphatically. This triggers an idea in Marsh.
text: She reflects for a few beats.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’‘d)
dialog: Would you excuse me for a second?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Okay, but only one.
text: Marsh gets up and leaves the room.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (cont’d)
dialog: One-one thousand.
dialog: (crying out)
dialog: Mommy, come back!
text: She blows her whistle. Stella bursts out laughing.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S BEDROOM -- MOMENTS LATER -- EVENING.
text: As she turns on her computer, Marsh hits her speed dial. The
text: phone rings. Griffin picks up--
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (0.S.)
dialog: (from the phone)
dialog: Hello!
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I caught you.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. GRIFFIN’S BATHROOM -- SAME -- EVENING.
text: Having just finished shaving, Griffin slaps on after-shave.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Barely. I’ve got a big date
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Big special or big overweight?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I don’t know. She’s from match.com.
dialog: A legal secretary.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Listen, I just had a thought. Maybe
dialog: we moved on too fast. What was the
dialog: name of that college kid our guy used
dialog: to promote his site?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Oh, you mean...ummm....Kincaid?
dialog: No, Kinross. Andrew. What about
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: There are 1.3 billion internet users
dialog: in the world. Why did our guy choose
dialog: him? Maybe they knew each other.
dialog: Maybe there’s a connection. what do
dialog: you think?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I guess it’s worth looking into.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: (starting to type)
dialog: And there goes my holiday weekend.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Like you had anything planned.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I did. I was gonna crash your
dialog: date, just to see the look of
dialog: horror on her face when you split
dialog: the check.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Know what you are? A playa hata.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: See you Monday.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh, and later tonight? When your
dialog: date ends early? Would you mind
dialog: taking a closer look at Miller? He
dialog: piloted corporate executives.
dialog: Anyone from high tech or telecom?
dialog: Members of Congress? See if you
dialog: can track down a customer list.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: You got it.
text: They hang up. All business now, she begins to type, her face
text: taking on a fierce expression that carries over into--
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH'S BEDROOM WINDOW -- LATER -- NIGHT.
text: FROM ACROSS THE STREET: Framed in the glass, Marsh works at
text: her desk under a bright lamp.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S BEDROOM -- DAY/NIGHT.
text: VARIOUS SHOTS OF MARSH HARD AT WORK, her computer screen
text: flashing with data on Kinross, chat rooms pages, news group
text: postings. She’s clearly not finding what she’s looking for.
text: At one point, Annie interrupts, pulling Marsh from the desk
text: by her hand.
text: At another, Marsh, dead on her feet, watches from her window
text: as Stella and Annie play catch in the front yard.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE’S BEDROOM -- LATER -- DAWN.
text: In bed, Annie lies sound asleep, sprawled amid paste,
text: scissors, construction paper, and a stack of red-white-and-
text: blue decorations.
text: Marsh sits down next to her, smiling tenderly at the mess.
text: She clears some of it away, then pulls Annie’s blanket up
dialog: higher.
dialog: 45.
text: She kisses Annie’s cheek, then slowly lays her head down. As
text: Marsh’s eyes flutter shut, the CAMERA DRIFTS TO THE WINDOW,
text: where the sun rises and birds sing.
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET -- MORNING.
text: Birds also sing on a charming neighborhood of generous middle-
text: class homes set back amid thick foliage. American flags hang
text: from many of them. A big, black BMW glides down the block.
scene_heading: INT. BMW -- SAME -- MORNING.
text: JERRY CARVER, 40’s, handsome, tanned, well-coiffed, drives
text: slowly, looking between a slip of paper in his hand and the
dialog: passing addresses.
text: Finally, he pulls into the secluded driveway of a middle-
text: class home and parks behind a big, gold Cadillac.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDLE-CLASS HOME -- MOMENTS LATER -- MORNING.
text: Carver, admiring the house, walks up to the front door. He
text: pushes the doorbell. While he waits, he looks around,
text: admiring the garden, the oak tree, the fence.
text: Right next to Carver, at a side window, a curtain parts anda
text: YOUNG MAN looks out. Carver doesn’t notice.
text: MEET OWEN, 30, his skin unwholesome, his eyes devoid of
text: light. He studies Carver for a few long beats, then he
dialog: disappears.
text: Moments later, just as Carver is about to press the bell
text: again, Owen opens the door. His smile is bright, but stiff,
text: as though his face might crack.
text: Carver tries to hide his surprise at the young man’s
dialog: disturbing appearance.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: You’re right on time.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: Yeah, it’s a curse. I’ve spent
dialog: half my life waiting for people.
text: Carver flashes a warm smile and extends a manicured hand.
speaker_heading: CARVER (cont’d)
dialog: Jerry Carver.
text: Owen looks at the hand as though he has never seen one
text: before. Then he smiles and shakes it without force.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CARVER (cont’d)
dialog: Great address, by the way. Eights
dialog: bring prosperity.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: I didn’t know that.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: Love the Caddy, too.
text: As Carver moves past him and disappears inside, Owen looks
text: out at the car.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: It had a dent, but I got it fixed.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH’S BACKYARD -- DAY.
text: Griffin stands on a picnic table, threading a garland of
text: Annie’s decorations into the branches of a tree.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: You made ‘em all by yourself?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Grandma helped a little. My mom
dialog: couldn’t, ‘cause she was working on
dialog: the computer.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: She works hard, huh?
text: Annie nods emphatically.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (cont'd)
dialog: How’s that?
text: Annie grins up at her handiwork.
scene_heading: INT. MIDDLE-CLASS HOME -- LATER -- MORNING.
text: Owen stands in the living room, his face impassive, while
text: Carver admires the decor, which is in a contemporary Asian
dialog: style.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: You like Asia, I guess.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Just Korea.
text: Awkward beat.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CARVER (0.S.)
dialog: Well, you make it work
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Thank you.
text: Another awkward silence.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: So...you gonna let me see ‘em?
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Of course.
text: FOLLOW OWEN, leading Carver through the spotless house. All
text: of the rooms are decorated in the rosewood, teak, and
text: porcelain. Carver chatters uneasily--
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: I gotta tell ya, a 710 Pullman and a
dialog: 712 Observation Car? When I read
dialog: your e-mail, I almost passed out.
dialog: If they’re really in mint condition--
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Dad and I used to play with them.
dialog: And we played Ping-Pong. And we
dialog: built things. Toys. Contraptions.
dialog: We had quite a workshop.
text: Owen stops and fixes Carver with a dead stare.
speaker_heading: OWEN (cont’d)
dialog: He passed away last year.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: Oh, I’m sorry to hear that
text: Owen nods slowly, then opens a small door, revealing a dark
text: narrow staircase, descending into pitch blackness. He hits
text: the light, smiles, and gestures for Carver to go first.
text: Carver obeys, a bit reluctantly. As he passes by, Owen
text: touches a Taser to the back of Carver’s neck. 50,000 volts.
text: Carver drops like a sack of potatoes down the stairs, which
dialog: blends with--
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH’S BACKYARD -- DAY.
text: Griffin dumps charcoal into the grill. Marsh, arranging
dialog: beverages in a cooler of ice--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: So how was your date?
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Not bad. But I think today’s will
dialog: be better. She’s a social worker.
dialog: She’11 be hear any minute.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: (amused)
dialog: You’re kidding.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: No -- so behave.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How was your weekend?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I only made it through a few months
dialog: of Kinross’s posts. It’s insane.
dialog: The kid was on line sixteen hours a
dialog: day...pushing websites, sharing
dialog: links, uploading videos....
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Was? Not anymore?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Not since he died.
dialog: (off Griffin’s shock)
dialog: A month ago. Of something called
dialog: diabetic ketoacidosis. It happens
dialog: when you skip your insulin for a
dialog: few days. Within a few hours of
dialog: his body being discovered, the site
dialog: went up and his recommendation
dialog: appeared.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: You think our guy killed him?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I don’t know. The coroner called
dialog: it accidental.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What‘d you find on Miller?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Not much. His company caters mostly
dialog: to corporate attorneys and bankers
dialog: who need to get in and out of D.C. in
dialog: a hurry. No serious ties to politics
dialog: or high tech.
text: Griffin tosses in a match and the coals burst into flame.
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: INT. OWEN’S BASEMENT -- DAY.
text: Naked but for boxers and black socks, Jerry Carver lies
text: unconscious, bruised, gagged, slumped against the folded-up
dialog: picnic table.
text: His torso is snaked with patriotic bunting. An I1.V. tube is
text: buried in his clavicle and taped in place.
text: A few feet away, we see the rotting shape, embedded in the
text: cement floor, of where Herbert Miller was cut in two.
text: Suddenly, one of Jerry Carver’s lifeless arms jerks to life
text: like a marionette’s. Then the other one does. They both
text: snap up and bang back against the Ping-Pong table.
text: We realize that his arms are being controlled by Ethernet
text: cables tied to both wrists, and connected to a crank. As the
text: cable is stretched tighter, Carver’s body rises and his arms
text: spread wider and wider.
text: Coming to, Carver begins to moan, turning his head from side
text: to side. Owen walks out from behind the table. He kneels
text: opens a tool box and removes a metal tool meant to scrape
text: paint from window panes.
text: From a tiny cardboard sheath, Owen slips out a double-edged
text: razor blade and slips it into the tool.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH’S BACKYARD -- LATE AFTERNOON.
text: A PACK OF CHILDREN swarm and scatter, laughing and screaming
text: with delight, spraying each other with SQUIRT GUNS.
text: At a PICNIC TABLE, PARENTS chat, eating hotdogs and burgers,
text: sipping beers. Marsh, holding a beer, stands alone, watching
text: as the sun bleeds below the tree line.
text: She turns and sees Annie happily squealing, backed against a
text: flower bed, drenched by her friends. Marsh looks over and
text: sees Griffin manning the grill.
text: Griffin glances at Marsh and their eyes click like billiard
text: balls. They share a smile. It’s interrupted by--
speaker_heading: BOX (0.C.)
dialog: Hey, there.
text: Box stands there, looking a bit self-conscious, overdressed,
text: holding a bouquet of flowers. A dab of bloody Kleenex is
text: stuck to his neck.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: You made it.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Barely.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: (re: the flowers)
dialog: You gonna give me those, or make me
dialog: pry ‘em out of your cold, dead
dialog: hands?
dialog: Box
dialog: . (dryly)
dialog: Surprise.
text: She takes them. She sees Griffin looking over, watching.
text: Stella, too. Great. Then, as Marsh reflexively inhales the
dialog: flowers, Annie runs over--
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mommy, can I smell them, too?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Sure, Bug.
text: She scoops her up onto the bench. Annie inhales them.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: John, this is my daughter Annie.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Hi, Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hello, John.
text: As before, a subtle look of recognition comes over Box. He
text: smiles warmly at her.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: You must be about...ummm...six and
dialog: three quarters, I’1l bet.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: How did you know that?
text: Marsh is curious, too, and a bit uneasy, but before Box can
text: answer, her Treo vibrates. She checks it. Her face changes.
text: She and Box meet eyes. She answers it--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Marsh.
text: As she listens, she stands up, her eyes filling with alarm.
dialog: 51.
text: She quickly looks over at Griffin. He’s noticed the moment
text: He quickly crosses over and whispers in Stella’s ear. She
dialog: takes immediate action--
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Annie, honey! Come here! wWe’re
dialog: gonna play a game!
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Honey, go to Grandma.
text: Annie starts to run to her, but then, no fool, Annie stops
text: dead and whips around, just in time to see her mother, Box,
dialog: and Griffin rushing away--
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You could at least say good-bye!
dialog: Marsh whips around--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I am so sorry, baby! I’11 make it
dialog: up to you! TI promise!
text: They hurry on, but then, at the gate, run right into MELANIE
text: 30, a lovely young woman, carrying a bottle of wine--
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: I’m looking for Griffin? He said--
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Wait, that’s you! Hi!
text: Griffin grabs her by the elbow--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I am so sorry. Gotta run.
text: He races away with Marsh and Box. Melanie is bewildered.
text: She sees Annie, looking up at her.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You get used to it.
scene_heading: INT. BOX’S SPEEDING CAR -- LATER -- AFTERNOON.
text: Box speeds along the highway with his siren attached to the
text: roof, wailing. Marsh works her laptop in the passenger seat.
text: Griffin sits in back, looking at Marsh’s screen, waiting.
text: When the image comes up, Marsh and Griffin react
text: Box looks over as best he can, while he drives. On the
text: screen, he sees Jerry Carver tied to the upright Ping-Pong
text: table, wrestling and screaming into his gag.
dialog: 52.
text: Into his torso, killwithme.com has been cut with a razor.
text: The delicate letters trickle blood.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Sick, fuckin’ bastard.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: What does the crawl say?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: “The more that watch, the faster he
dialog: drains.”
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Drains?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: 2,513,000 viewers. Estimated Time
dialog: of Death: 18 hours, 33 minutes.
scene_heading: INT. TEENAGE BOY’S BACKYARD -- LATE AFTERNOON.
text: A TEENAGE BOY, smoking a joint, lies on his hammock, with an
text: OPEN LAPTOP COMPUTER on his lap. On the other side of a
text: nearby fence, a barbecue is in progress.
text: The teen laughs, sputtering, watching a home video clip of a
text: kid getting hit in the bare chest by a Roman candle. The
text: moment when the firework knocks the kid off his feet plays
text: over and over again in slow motion.
text: Ping! The teenager gets an Instant message: <<Dude, KWM --
text: back up!>> Excited, the teenager takes a hit off his joint
text: and clicks on the little red heart of his Favorite Places.
dialog: Killwithme.com loads.
text: When he sees Jerry Carver strapped to the table, he laughs so
text: hard that he chokes on his smoke, but then he abruptly
text: notices something unbelievable. He puts his nose right up to
text: the screen to be sure. No way! He flies out of the hammock
text: almost dropping his laptop, and rushes over to the fence--
speaker_heading: TEENAGE BOY
dialog: Jesse! Yo, Jesse!
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- RIVERTON -- LATER.
text: Box, Griffin, and other members of the Task Force watch
text: Carver on a large plasma computer monitor. The Viewer
dialog: counter reads 4,112,000. Estimated Time of Death is just
text: above 15 hours. Marsh works intently, off to the side, on
dialog: her laptop.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Wait, I know this guy!
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Me, too. That-- That’s not--
text: PETERSON, 30’s, a DEPUTY SHERIFF, enters, a bit winded--
speaker_heading: PETERSON (0.S.)
dialog: Jerry Carver.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Right! A reporter.
text: Peterson hands over a headshot from the C-Span website.
speaker_heading: PETERSON
dialog: Until last year, when he moved to
text: D.C. to host a show for C-Span. He
dialog: visited his mother this morning in
dialog: Silver Springs. Then he was
dialog: supposed to take a look at an
dialog: antique train set he wanted to buy,
dialog: and be home by noon for a family
dialog: cookout. He never showed. At half
dialog: past one, the neighbor’s kid called
dialog: and said Jerry was being, and I
text: quote “crucified on a Ping-Pong
dialog: table.”
text: Brooks enters, starting to unwind a bit. He walks over to
dialog: the screen.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Now, how on earth is he going to
dialog: control this man’s time of death?
dialog: He’s threatening to drain him?
dialog: How? Those are no deeper than
dialog: paper cuts.
text: Marsh swings her chair away from her computer screen.
speaker_heading: MARSH
text: It’s not the cuts. It’s his blood.
text: She screen-captures the I.V. bag hanging above Carver’s head,
text: as well as a small metal box, through which its contents pass
text: on their way to Carver’s chest.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’‘d)
dialog: This box regulates the amount of
dialog: the solution flowing into Carver
dialog: See the cable?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: MARSH(cont 'd)
text: It’s connected to his computer.
dialog: Which means he has complete control
dialog: over the dosage.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Dosage of what?
text: She screen-captures Carver’s agonized features and magnifies
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: His nose is starting to bleed. I’m
dialog: guessing the bag contains some sort
dialog: of anti-coagulant.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: (eyes on the screen)
dialog: So the more people who visit the
dialog: site, the more drug is released,
dialog: and the faster Carver bleeds?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Yup.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Wonderful.
speaker_heading: PETERSON
dialog: (studying the counter)
dialog: The numbers of viewers is moving
dialog: slower than last time. Is there
dialog: any chance people are losing
dialog: interest?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: No, they’re just more interested in
dialog: fireworks.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: For now.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Well, it’s high time we talked some
dialog: sense to them.
text: Marsh throws an alarmed look at Brooks, as he picks up a
dialog: telephone.
scene_heading: INT. BALTIMORE CITY HALL CORRIDOR -- EARLY EVENING.
text: The Task Force hurries down the hall. Marsh has managed to
dialog: get up alongside Brooks--
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: But this is exactly what he wants!
dialog: Anything we say, any publicity
dialog: helps him!
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: We'll see about that.
text: Before she can protest, Brooks bursts through doors into--
scene_heading: INT. BALTIMORE CITY HALL PRESS ROOM -- CONTINUOUS.
text: Marsh tries to regain his attention--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Please, just hear me out!
text: Too late. Brooks is greeted by colleagues and associates.
text: The rest of the Task Force enters around her.
scene_heading: INT. BALTIMORE CITY HALL PRESS ROOM -- LATER -- AFTERNOON.
text: Under the glaring lights of media cameras, Chief of Police
text: Beckett speaks at a lectern to a room packed with national
dialog: press--
speaker_heading: CHIEF BECKETT
dialog: We’re gathered here to share some
dialog: information in regard to criminal
dialog: conduct that has originated in the
dialog: Baltimore metropolitan area, but
dialog: which has far-reaching implica-
dialog: tions.
text: ANGLE ON BOX AND BROOKS, standing at Beckett’s side. They
text: hear clicking. They look over and sees Marsh seated, click-
text: ing away at her laptop.
speaker_heading: CHIEF BECKETT (cont'd)
dialog: Because of the uniqueness of the
dialog: crimes and because the FBI is able
dialog: to provide resources critical to
dialog: this investigation, I have asked
dialog: them to lead the inter-agency task
dialog: force assigned to the case.
text: BACK TO MARSH, who studies killwithme.com. The Viewer
dialog: counter is still fairly low -- 5,406,000. The Estimated Time
text: Of Death is still at over 11 hours.
text: The blood from the letters cut in Carver’s chest and from his
text: nose runs faster. He still struggles to free himself.
dialog: 56.
text: Marsh screen-captures and magnifies a detail off the site.
text: It’s the killer’s muted TV, showing Beckett’s face live at
text: the press conference, perfectly in sync with the words we are
text: hearing in the background:
speaker_heading: CHIEF BECKETT (0.S.) (cont’d)
dialog: Now let me turn it over to Special
dialog: Agent in Charge of the FBI’S
dialog: Cybercrime Division -- Wynn Brooks.
text: BACK TO SCENE, as Marsh goes back to her full screen and
text: Brooks, grim-faced, steps to the microphone.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Thanks, Chief.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Two weeks ago, a man was killed in
dialog: cold blood on the Internet. This
dialog: sadistic murder, streamed live, was
dialog: facilitated by individuals who
dialog: visited the killer’s website,
dialog: believing, no doubt, that what they
dialog: were watching was a mere stunt.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can assure you that it wasn’t.
text: ANGLE ON MARSH, staring at her computer screen. Her eyes
text: react as the Viewer counter begins to fly upward at a much
dialog: faster rate.
speaker_heading: BROOKS (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: Now, today, a second individual has
text: been taken hostage, and his life,
text: too, is in jeopardy.
text: The counter moves even faster. Marsh looks over at Box, her
text: eyes urgent. Box sees the screen, looks over at Brooks.
text: Decides whether to intervene. With every word Brooks says
text: the Viewer counter spins faster--
speaker_heading: BROOKS (cont'd)
dialog: Mr. Carver is known to many of you.
dialog: But he is more than a distinguished
text: reporter, he is also a doting
dialog: father to two sons, Eric and
dialog: Jesse...a loving husband to his
dialog: wife Louise...a devoted son to his
dialog: mother Beatrice. This is not a
dialog: hoax. Not a video game. It’s
dialog: real. All-too-real. Any visit to
dialog: this site...to this criminal
dialog: enterprise...will hasten the demise
dialog: of Mr. Carver, something that none
dialog: of us could possibly wish for.
dialog: 57.
text: Brooks clearly feels that he has accomplished something. He
text: looks down and sees Marsh’s screen. His face twists with
dialog: disbelief.
text: The Viewer counter spins wildly. Blood pours down from the
text: letters on Carver’s chest. Carver screams as the swelling
text: and pain builds. Brooks, shaken, looks at Marsh, then back
text: at the press, then at the camera--
speaker_heading: BROOKS (cont'd)
dialog: Your government is asking you to
dialog: say away from this website! And to
dialog: spread the word to your family,
dialog: friends, and neighbors!
text: Marsh watches in horror, as on the screen, IN SLOW MOTION,
text: Carver arches his back and screams into his gag. Blood
text: squirts from his eyes and runs down his cheeks.
text: REAL-TIME. Marsh gasps. Brooks looks, sees the nightmare,
text: and is at a complete loss.
text: Seeing the look on his face, the Press begins to murmur and
text: grow uneasy. Box, unable to help himself, leans down to the
dialog: microphone- -
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: If you visit the site...you’re an
dialog: accessory to murder! You may not
dialog: believe it, but it’s the truth!
dialog: You’re his murder weapon!
text: Marsh stares in horror, as ON THE SCREEN, Carver looks as
text: though he will explode. He is in absolute agony, flopping
text: like a fish on a line.
text: Blood pours down his chest and from his ears, eyes, mouth,
text: nose. He arches his back and lets out a final muted scream.
text: Abruptly, it explodes into GUT-WRENCHING SOUND, which we can
dialog: only hear because now we are in--
scene_heading: INT. OWEN’S BASEMENT -- SAME -- EVENING.
text: Suddenly, Carver slumps, too weak even to lift his head. His
text: bleary, bloody eyes slowly rise and stare at us.
dialog: An accusation?
text: Suddenly, a lightning-fast MONTAGE starts, flashing around
text: the country, from COMPUTER TO COMPUTER, showing the vast
text: spectrum of people watching Carver.
dialog: 58.
dialog: It includes people from every walk of life, of every age,
text: class, and race; some are tearful, some morbidly fascinated,
text: some disgusted, others laugh.
text: FINALLY WE LAND ON ANOTHER ANGLE, and we see that Carver
text: isn’t staring at us. He’s staring at Owen who, moving behind
text: the blinking camera, calmly adjusts one of his lights.
text: Carver’s bloody gag slips a few inches. Surprised, seeing a
text: glimmer of hope, Carver works his tongue, trying to make it
text: fall farther. But then a fresh wave of pain hits him and his
text: pants are suddenly drenched with blood.
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL CONFERENCE ROOM -- LATER.
text: The Task Force surrounds Marsh, who sits at a City Hall desk
text: with her laptop.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Good God!
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: His lips are moving!
text: Marsh screen-captures and magnifies Carver’s mouth. The gag
text: has fallen farther. We can see his lips. Marsh barks at
dialog: Griffin--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Get Tim on the phone! Tim Wilks
dialog: hurry!
dialog: (to all)
dialog: His gag slipped! He’s trying to
dialog: tell us something!
dialog: Griffin hands Marsh the phone- -
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Tim, are you at the site?
scene_heading: INT. DIAL-UP ROOM -- RIVERTON -- DAY.
text: Wilks sits at his desk in front of a “Speak and Read”
dialog: telephone for the deaf.
speaker_heading: WILKS
dialog: Yes.
text: Across the telephone screen, whatever Marsh says spits out in
dialog: typed text.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: MARSH (0.S.)
dialog: Capture Carver’s mouth. Magnify
dialog: it. What’s he saying?
text: Wilks captures the image, magnifies it, leans down close to
text: the screen to read Carver’s lips.
speaker_heading: WILKS
dialog: Eight....Eight...Eight....wait...
dialog: then....Green something. He’s
dialog: trying again. Oh, I get it. Okay.
dialog: It’s an address, I think. Eight...
dialog: Eight...0...Eight... Greenleaf --
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL CONFERENCE ROOM -- LATER.
dialog: The Task Force can’t believe their luck.
speaker_heading: PETERSON
dialog: There’s a Greenleaf in Silver
dialog: Springs, three blocks from his
dialog: mother’s nursing home.
speaker_heading: WILKS (0.S.)
dialog: (from the phone)
dialog: He’s trying again!
text: Everyone turns to look at Carver on the screen, but, almost
text: immediately, he vomits what looks like coffee grounds all
text: over himself, and then, a moment later, like a giant spider
text: a hand appears over the lens, holding a lens cap, and the
text: screen goes black.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Let’s get him!
text: AS everyone rushes out of frame, HOLD ON THE SCREEN.
text: The Viewer counter reads 7,610,000. The Estimated Time Of
text: Death is over 5 hours, 25 minutes.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE HEADQUARTERS HELIPAD -- DUSK.
text: A Helicopter lands on the roof. Beckett, Box, and Griffin
text: race toward it. Marsh hesitates with fear. Box grabs her by
text: the hand. Their eyes lock. He hauls her toward the chopper
scene_heading: EXT. MARYLAND HIGHWAY -- DUSK.
text: THREE MARYLAND COUNTY SHERIFF’S CARS race down the highway,
text: lights flashing, sirens screaming.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN MARYLAND -- SAME -- DUSK.
text: The helicopter roars over a canopy of trees into the Maryland
dialog: suburbs.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER -- SAME -- DUSK
text: Marsh, strapped in, hands trembling, stares at her computer.
text: The site is back up. Carver’s gag is back in place. His
text: head hangs lifeless now, dripping blood from the chin. His
text: body is a bloody mess.
text: The Viewer counter is at 8,595,000. The Estimated Time Of
text: Death is at 3:43:06. Marsh and Box meet eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDLE-CLASS HOME -- LATER -- DUSK.
text: We’ve been here before. SHERIFF’S DEPUTIES wearing body
text: armor, Swarm across the lawn, taking up a perimeter.
text: Carver’s BMW is no longer parked behind the Cadillac in the
dialog: driveway.
scene_heading: INT. MIDDLE-CLASS HOME -- MOMENTS LATER -- DUSK.
text: The door explodes off its hinges as Sheriff’s Deputies storm
text: in, weapons drawn. They see no one. They race through the
text: house, kicking open doors. A DEPUTY with a walkie-talkie to
text: his ear, screams out--
speaker_heading: DEPUTY #1
dialog: The basement!
text: TwO DEPUTIES kick the basement door off its hinges. Guns
text: drawn, they shine their lights in.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY #2
text: SHERIFF! DOWN ON THE FLOOR! HANDS
dialog: WHERE I CAN SEE ‘EM! NOW!
text: One hits the basement lights.
scene_heading: INT. MIDDLE-CLASS HOME BASEMENT -- CONTINUOUS -- DUSK.
text: The Two Deputies storm sideways down the stairs, pointing
text: their weapons. The basement is ordered, tidy, Asiatic. An
text: exercise bike. A massage bed. A Buddha. Not Owen’s bloody
text: workshop. A different basement
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDLE-CLASS HOME -- MINUTES LATER -- EVENING.
text: The helicopter lands in the middle of the blocked-off street.
text: Marsh, Box, Beckett, and Griffin exit the chopper and head
text: toward the house. NEIGHBORS have gathered behind a yellow
text: police cordon. A Deputy hurries out to meet the threesome.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY #1
dialog: Basement’s clean.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: That’s impossible. He’s streaming
dialog: live. Are there any other Greenleafs
dialog: around here?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY #1
dialog: Sure, but this is the place all
dialog: right.
dialog: Marsh doesn’t understand.
scene_heading: INT. MIDDLE-CLASS HOME KITCHEN -- MOMENTS LATER.
dialog: Deputy #1 leads everyone in--
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: See?
text: A laptop computer sits open on the kitchen table. On the
text: screen, Carver lies dead, his head hanging limply, his nose
text: and chin dripping blood.
text: The Viewer counter flies past 13,000,000 and the Estimated
text: Time Of Death has stopped at 00:00:00.
text: The text crawl reads: TNXE6...TTKSF...B4N...TNXE6...TTKSF...
scene_heading: B4N...TNXE6...TTKSF..B4N....
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Thanks a Million...Trying to Keep a
dialog: Straight Face...Bye For Now.
text: The emoticon waves good-bye. A terrible silence falls over
dialog: the group.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: (checking his watch)
dialog: It took less than six hours.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Twice as fast as Miller.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: And that’s on a holiday.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: (half to herself)
dialog: And none of the people who killed
dialog: him think they did anything wrong.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: MARSH(cont 'd)
dialog: They just visited a website, like
dialog: they do every day...to check the
dialog: news...their stocks....
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Or watch a skateboarder break his
text: arm. A pedestrian get run over.
text: Two strangers have sex. An
dialog: innocent journalist get beheaded.
text: Box shakes his head, appalled--
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: When did the world go fuckin’
dialog: insane? I use my computer to send
dialog: mail and get sports scores.
dialog: Marsh smiles at Griffin--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: He’s been hiding in the field too
dialog: long.
text: Griffin looks meaningfully at Box and points to the laptop--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: It’s a jungle in there.
text: The point lands. Then, slowly, Marsh looks around, thinking,
dialog: piecing it together--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Carver gave us this address because
dialog: this is where he was captured. He
dialog: was moved later, but he didn’t know
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDLE-CLASS HOME -- MINUTES LATER -- NIGHT.
text: Box strides across the yard, covering his cell phone and
text: muttering to ONE OF HIS MEN as it’s being cordoned off with
text: yellow evidence tape.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: I want this place scrubbed. I don’t
dialog: care if it’s fucking soy sauce. I
dialog: want every drop, every fibre I.D.’ed.
dialog: And find his god-damn car!
text: The cop nods and walks off. Box returns to his phone call--
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: Ma’am, please try again. Check
dialog: every folder.
dialog: 63.
text: FIND MARSH, standing on the perimeter of the activity, at the
text: sidewalk, thinking, looking up and down the block.
text: Gradually, she sees something that catches her attention.
text: Across the street sits a Volkswagen bus. She frowns and
text: starts to walk over to it.
text: FOLLOW MARSH, getting closer and closer to it, when--
speaker_heading: BOX (0.S.) (cont’d)
dialog: Jennifer!
text: She turns. There’s Box, pocketing his phone and approaching
text: with his notebook. She meets him half way.
text: In the background, we see NEIGHBORS held back by police tape.
text: Among them is Owen, chatting quietly with neighbors, his eyes
dialog: never leaving Marsh.
dialog: When Marsh reaches Box--
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: Carver’s wife says he was contacted
dialog: about the train set through the C-
text: Span website. In his bio, he
dialog: mentions he’s a collector. She’s
text: trying to find the e-mail.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: It'll trace to a dead server. Who
dialog: owns the house?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Tom Park...60’s, a widower. Right
text: now, he’s visiting his mother for
dialog: her birthday. In South Korea.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Who would know that?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Only a few thousand people. Park
text: owns a local market. He closes it
dialog: down for two weeks every July so he
dialog: can make the trip.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Our guy must be a customer.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: We'll see what Park can tell us.
dialog: Meanwhile, we’1ll conduct a “neigh-
dialog: borhood.” Looks like a pretty
dialog: close-knit community. Maybe
dialog: somebody saw something.
text: He walks away.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: John?
text: Box stops and turns.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’‘d)
dialog: Andrew Kinross...a Georgetown
dialog: sophomore...died June 2nd. The
dialog: Coroner said it was accidental. I
dialog: don’t think so. See if he’1ll take
text: a second look.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: You got it.
text: A warm beat. He goes back to work. Marsh stands there
text: reflecting. Then she remembers. She turns around. The VW
text: bus has vanished. She isn’t sure what to make of it.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY -- MORNING.
text: Cars move in both directions as far as the eye can see.
speaker_heading: RADIO TALK JOCK (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, I just took a look once the
dialog: guy was dead. I wanna hear from
dialog: one of you sickos who helped kill
dialog: the poor bastard!
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S MOVING SUV -- SAME -- MORNING.
text: Marsh drives in rush hour, her face unreadable.
speaker_heading: RADIO TALK JOCK (0.S.)
text: Folks, the board just lit up like a
dialog: Christmas tree.
text: Disgusted, Marsh changes the channel.
speaker_heading: RADIO FEMALE TALK JOCK (0.S.)
dialog: --the list of who my girlfriends
dialog: and I think he should kill next
dialog: Number 1: Paris Hilton’s dog.
dialog: Number 2: Paris Hilton. Number 3--
dialog: 65.
text: Marsh changes the channel again.
speaker_heading: RADIO MINISTER
dialog: --the Samaritan of today give comfort
text: to the fallen stranger on the road to
dialog: Jericho? Oh, no, because he travels
dialog: the information super-highway! He’s
dialog: oblivious to the reality of human
dialog: suffering, because he lives ina
dialog: virtual reality! Friends, the world
dialog: wide web is nothing more than--
text: Marsh changes the channel again. Mozart. She leaves it.
scene_heading: EXT. CYBER DIVISION HEADQUARTERS -- MORNING.
text: MEDIA TRUCKS and SCORES OF REPORTERS crowd the gate. Marsh,
text: hating it, drives through the crowd. Reporters yell
text: questions and flash photos, as she passes.
scene_heading: EXT. CYBER DIVISION HEADQUARTERS LOT -- LATER -- MORNING.
text: Marsh, walking quickly across the crowded parking lot, nears
text: the front entrance.
text: Box leans against the building, smoking, sipping coffee
text: reading The Washington Post. She walks over. He shows her
text: the article he’s reading. It bears a handsome professional
text: headshot of Carver.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: They condemn the site, refuse to
dialog: publish its name, then they mention
dialog: that it’s all over the Web and that
dialog: an eight year old could find it.
text: Box flips his cigarette and moves.
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: I guess it doesn’t matter. It’s
text: out there. It’s everywhere.
text: As he and Marsh enter the building, he drops the newspaper in
dialog: the trash.
text: OFF THE NEWSPAPER headshot of Jerry Carver--
text: DISSOLVE TO THE REAL JERRY CARVER, hanging dead from the Ping-
text: Pong table, crusted black with dried blood. Flies swarm in
dialog: celebration.
text: Behind him, the Viewer counter flies past 31,000,000....
dialog: 66.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES OVER to reveal Owen, oblivious to the
text: horror, sitting at a work table, hunched over his computer.
text: CLOSE ON HIS COMPUTER SCREEN, filled with mundane folders.
text: His cursor moves from folder to folder, deciding which one to
text: open. It stops on “Photos.”
text: Click. A long list JPEG FILES opens. The cursor moves to
dialog: one marked “Drunk Me.” Click
text: A COLOR PHOTO OF MARSH opens, showing her years ago, laughing
text: at a bar, with her pals from Quantico.
text: Owen closes it. Moves his cursor down the list. Stops on
text: one marked “Mom.” A photo opens of Stella, beaming with
text: happiness, feeding Annie as a two-year-old.
text: Owen closes it. Moves his cursor. Stops on another photo
text: and clicks. A photo of Annie opens, as we know her today,
text: grinning and adorable, on a playground swing.
text: Owen stares at it for a long, long time.
scene_heading: INT. ASCENDING ELEVATOR -- MINUTE LATER -- MORNING.
text: Marsh and Box are alone in the elevator. Their eyes meet in
text: the silver reflection of the doors.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Annie forgive you for bailing on
dialog: the cook-out?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Only after I read her three bedtime
dialog: stories.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: A small price to pay.
text: Marsh smiles and her eyes bounce away. Box studies her
text: reflection. She catches him looking.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: I knew you were familiar.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Rick and I came up together.
dialog: (no reaction)
dialog: Haskins.
text: Marsh stares, blinks a few times.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: He introduced us?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: No, we never met. I just saw you.
text: At his funeral.
text: Marsh nods slowly, revealing nothing. The doors open
text: separating their reflections.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- LATER -- MORNING.
text: The room is crowded with LOCAL AGENTS, setting up a more
text: complex command center. A huge map of the area covers one
text: wall. More computers have been brought in.
text: On one large plasma screen, we see Carver’s dead body, with
text: the Viewer counter spinning past 38,000,000. Box and Marsh
text: enter and look around at all the activity. Griffin walks
text: over, excited, speaking under his breath-
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Brooks finally made it a special...
dialog: and he brought in the profiler you
dialog: asked for. Two, in fact.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: It’s about time.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: What’s a special?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: When we transfer agents from other
dialog: divisions to cover our regular
dialog: cases, so our agents, who know the
dialog: area, can join the task force.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: What woke him up?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
text: A phone call from the Director.
dialog: Who got one from the Secretary of
dialog: Homeland Security. Whose niece
dialog: used to date Jerry Carver’s son.
text: Marsh has to smile at the absurdity.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I guess all politics is local.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- LATER -- DAYS LATER.
text: Marsh, Box, and Griffin sit with TWO DOZEN OTHER OFFICERS
dialog: some uniformed, some not, from a variety of agencies
text: listening to FBI profiler HANK DAIGLE, 55, burly, crusty,
dialog: genial--
speaker_heading: DAIGLE
dialog: Well, the son of a bitch knows his
text: way around a computer. He knows
dialog: something about medicine, too. Is
dialog: he a psychopath? To some extent
dialog: sure. No conscience. Sees other
dialog: people as articles...objects...to
dialog: be controlled with violence. He’s
text: probably on the younger side, too.
dialog: Might already have served some jail
dialog: time.
text: His partner MIKE INMAN, late 30’s, a straighter arrow, joins
dialog: in--
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: But in real life, mental disorders
dialog: don’t come in tidy packages. They
dialog: overlap sometimes, which is what I
dialog: think we’re looking at here. The
dialog: lack of a sexual component, for
dialog: example -- that’s abnormal for
dialog: psychopaths. So is his mastery of
dialog: computers. Psychopaths lack the
dialog: focus to excel at much of anything.
dialog: So, my guess is the subject’s got
dialog: paranoid tendencies, as well.
dialog: Which would make him a less social
dialog: individual, more likely to withdraw
dialog: into cyberspace and--
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: What do you think the piece of
dialog: shit’s trying to say with these
dialog: killings?
text: People are surprised by the interruption, and some are
text: confused by the question. Not Marsh.
speaker_heading: DAIGLE
dialog: Sounds like you’ve got a theory.
text: Box takes a beat to order his thoughts. As he speaks, Marsh
text: becomes increasingly interested in, and impressed by, what he
dialog: has to say:
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: There’re plenty of ways to kill.
dialog: Our guy invites the public to join
dialog: in. The American public. No
dialog: foreigners allowed. And he invites
dialog: them to kill who? Fellow
dialog: Americans. Good citizens. That
dialog: plus the cartoon, the music -- if
dialog: you ask me, it shows contempt not
dialog: just for the victim, but for every-
text: one who watches...all his helpers.
dialog: He reminds me of the Unabomber...a
text: paranoid with delusions of grandeur
dialog: ...USing violence to critique
dialog: society. In other words, a fuckin’
dialog: terrorist. Except what this one’s
dialog: trying to say I’m not sure. Guess
dialog: I'll have to wait and read his
dialog: manifesto.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That make any sense?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: It does, and I’1l answer with a
dialog: question. Society’s been around a
dialog: long time. Why did the subject
dialog: start attacking it now? Start
dialog: killing now? I’d be on the lookout
dialog: for an inciting event, something
dialog: personal in a suspect’s life that
dialog: might have set him off.
dialog: Marsh takes this in.
scene_heading: INT. CYBER DIVISION HALLWAY -- LATER -- DAY.
text: As the meeting adjourns, Task Force members fill the hallway.
text: Marsh walks up to Box--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I think you’re right. It’s not
dialog: just about the victims. It’s also
dialog: about the people who watch. All of
text: us. He grabs Miller at a baseball
text: game...dumps his body ina
text: Congressman’s car...kills Carver on
text: the Fourth, wrapped in red, white,
dialog: and blue. The next guy he’1l
dialog: probably choke to death with apple
dialog: pie.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: If it is a guy.
dialog: 70.
text: This stops Marsh. He steps close and whispers--
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: If you ever feel like you need some
dialog: extra security, don’t hesitate to
dialog: call.
text: He smiles, touches her beneath the chin, and walks off.
text: She’s left a little breathless.
scene_heading: EXT. CYBER DIVISION HEADQUARTERS -- LATER -- AFTERNOON.
text: LONG SHOT, as Box walks alone across the parking lot to his
dialog: car.
scene_heading: INT. BOX’S CAR -- MOMENTS LATER -- AFTERNOON.
text: Box gets in and starts the engine. Rock music blares from
text: his stereo. He looks over his shoulder, backs up, turns the
text: wheel, shifts gears, and drives off.
scene_heading: INT. CYBER DIVISION HEADQUARTERS -- EVENING.
text: A printer spits out the last of a big document. Griffin
text: hurriedly grabs it, adds it to a huge stack of papers, and
text: carries it away.
text: FOLLOW GRIFFIN, carrying the load over to his desk and
text: dropping it there next to two other huge stacks.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Every post Kinross left in the last
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: And this.
text: He holds up two disks.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (cont'd)
dialog: One for you and one for me. Every
dialog: video clip he ever uploaded. That
dialog: was his real hobby. Pulling sick
dialog: shit off the net and posting it on
dialog: shock-video sites.
text: Griffin slips in his disc and types into his keyboard.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (cont'd)
dialog: This is last thing he posted before
dialog: he died.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN(cont 'd)
dialog: Sort of a personal greatest hits.
dialog: He called it the “My Best of the
dialog: Worst.”
text: Griffin clicks. Marsh settles on the corner of his desk.
text: Menacing rock accompanies a fast, grisly, one-minute montage
dialog: of car accidents, police shootings, street fights
text: convenience store murder, athlete’s broken limbs, traffic
text: helicopter footage of a suicidal man lifting a rifle to his
dialog: mouth....
text: Before the man pulls the trigger, Marsh grabs Griffin’s mouse
text: and stops the movie.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I get the idea.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Poor Andy. He had so much to offer
dialog: the world.
text: Marsh sighs and eyes the huge stacks of posts.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Guess we’d better get digging.
text: Marsh starts to divide the heaps into two even stacks.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S HOME/GRIFFIN’S HOME -- ALL NIGHT.
text: A SEQUENCE OF MARSH and GRIFFIN, working at their respective
text: desks, wading through the reams of paper. Both of them are
text: bleary-eyed with exhaustion, but then, near dawn, something
text: startles Griffin. It’s one of the posts and he isn’t sure
text: what to make of it. He walks over and inserts his copy of
text: the Kinross disc into his computer
scene_heading: INT. CAR -- SAME -- LATE NIGHT.
text: DRIVER’S POV, as a car pulls up and parks.
text: THE CAMERA TURNS and we see Marsh’s house across the street,
text: dark, bathed in moonlight. The driver shuts off the engine.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S BEDROOM -- MORNING
text: Annie lies asleep in early morning light.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH HALLWAY -- LATER -- MORNING.
text: Annie, still half-asleep, rubbing a knuckle in her eye, pads
text: down the hall and stops at her mother’s half-open door.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mommy?
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S BEDROOM -- MOMENTS LATER -- MORNING.
text: Annie enters and sees Marsh, asleep in a pool of papers.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mommy? !
text: Marsh doesn’t wake. Annie blows her whistle. Marsh jumps
text: out of her skin.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Oh, bug! Don’t do that! You
dialog: scared me!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You work too much.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I know, baby. I’m sorry. But it’s
dialog: so important.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I’m hungry and it’s too early to
dialog: wake up Grandma.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I think you just did.
text: Marsh hoists herself up.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont‘d)
dialog: I’1l tell you what, watch cartoons
dialog: for five minutes, and I’1l be right
dialog: down to make us some French toast
text: Annie grins and runs away.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S STAIRWELL -- MOMENTS LATER -- MORNING.
text: Annie rushes down the stairs and slides in her stocking feet
text: toward the living room.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S LIVING ROOM -- CONTINUOUS -- MORNING.
text: Annie jumps up on the couch and points the Tivo remote at the
text: TV. Nothing. She does it over and over again and it still
text: doesn’t work. Confused, she opens the battery compartment
text: and looks inside.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S BEDROOM -- LATER -- MORNING.
text: The shower is running behind the half-open bathroom door.
text: Annie enters, carrying the TiVo remote. As she passes the
text: desk, a chime from her mom's computer. Annie stops and looks
text: at the screen.
text: It’s killwithme.com. And it shows a video image of Marsh’s
text: house. Annie walks closer. The family cat is clearly
text: visible in one of the upper windows.
text: Annie turns her head and looks. Sure enough, six feet away,
text: the cat is in the window.
text: Annie, not sure how this could be, climbs up on the chair and
text: turns the monitor toward the window.
text: Then she walks over to the window, pushes aside the cat, and
text: waves her hand. She looks over at the monitor and sees
text: herself waving on the screen.
text: Delighted, she walks to the open bathroom door. Over her
text: shoulder, we see the outline in the plastic curtain of Marsh
dialog: showering.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: There’s a movie of our house on the
dialog: computer !
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: (over the water)
dialog: Watch whatever you want, honey!
dialog: I’1l be right down!
text: Annie isn’t sure what to make of that.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S STAIRWELL -- MOMENTS LATER -- MORNING.
text: Annie pads back down the stairs. She is about to walk back
text: to the TV, but, curious, she walks into the foyer instead,
text: and looks out one of the little windows at the side of the
text: front door.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S BEDROOM -- CONTINUOUS -- MORNING.
text: The phone rings. Marsh enters the frame, wearing jeans and a
text: T-shirt, drying her hair. She checks her Caller ID before
text: she answers.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Detective, isn’t it a little early
dialog: for--
dialog: 74.
text: We hear Box screaming something through the phone. Marsh
text: looks over at the computer and her heart leaps into her
text: throat. Over the image of her house flash the words in red:
dialog: “Coming Soon!”
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: Oh, God!
text: She throws down the phone and races out the door--
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: Annie!
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S HALLWAY -- CONTINUOUS -- MORNING.
text: Marsh runs toward the stairs--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Annie!
text: Stella bursts out of a bedroom--
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: What on earth--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Check her bedroom!
text: Marsh makes for the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S STAIRWELL -- CONTINUOUS -- MORNING.
text: Marsh comes bounding down the stairs and sees the living room
dialog: empty.
speaker_heading: MARSH
speaker_heading: ANNIE! ANNIE!
text: She races through the house, looks in the kitchen. At the
text: dining room hutch, she pulls out of a hidden key, unlocks the
text: drawer, removes her Glock, and slams in the clip.
text: Suddenly, a noise from behind her. The front door knob being
text: jiggled. Marsh, gun aimed, moves toward the noise.
text: As she gets closer, the knob continues to jiggle. Stella
text: walks down the stairs, terrified. Marsh frantically gestures
dialog: for her to get back and be silent.
text: Marsh, chest heaving, grabs the door knob. Marsh swings the
text: door open, gun poised, ready to shoot. It’s Annie.
text: On the verge of tears, chin trembling, she says--
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
text: The door got locked.
text: Suddenly, outside, SIRENS BLARE. Marsh lowers her gun, and,
text: gasping for breath, grabs Annie and hugs her with all her
text: might. Stella rushes down to them.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH’S HOUSE -- SAME -- MORNING.
text: TwO POLICE CARS pull up, one from each direction. COPS spill
text: out, weapons drawn. Two surround a car parked across the
text: street. Two race toward the house.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S FOYER --_SAME -- MORNING.
text: Marsh gestures for the cops to stop. From inside the
dialog: embrace, Annie asks--
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did I do something bad?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: No, baby, everything’s okay now.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Are we still gonna have French
dialog: toast?
text: Marsh kisses Annie over and over again, then hands her to
text: Stella, who groans as she takes her.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Such a big girl you are.
text: Stella heads to the kitchen. As Marsh hurries outside, TwO
text: MORE POLICE CARS screech to a stop outside.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH’S HOUSE -- CONTINUOUS -- MORNING.
text: Marsh, furious, strides across the lawn.
speaker_heading: CoP #1
dialog: Everything okay inside, ma’am?
text: She walks right past them toward the car parked across the
text: street. A big, black BMW. We recognize it. A web cam is
text: visible, attached to the roof.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: CLOSE ON A COMPUTER SCREEN, as Marsh, furious, walks closer
text: and closer to us. When she reaches us, pulls out her weapon
text: and swings it at the camera. The image goes haywire, then
dialog: black.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: WIDEN TO REVEAL--
scene_heading: INT. OWEN’S BASEMENT -- SAME -- MORNING.
text: Qwen, sitting at his computer, smiles at her reaction.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH’S STREET -- SAME -- MORNING.
text: The camera lands with a clatter at the curb. Marsh breathes
text: hard, trying to calm herself. In the background, we hear--
speaker_heading: cop #1 (0.S.)
dialog: Virginia plates.
speaker_heading: CoP #2 (0.S.)
dialog: I’1l check the glove compartment.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: (half to herself)
dialog: I know whose car it is.
text: No one hears her.
speaker_heading: cop #1 (0.S.)
dialog: Pop the trunk, will ya? Dave
dialog: let’s get this fingerprinted!
text: We hear the trunk open.
speaker_heading: cop #1 (0.S.) (cont’d)
dialog: Oh, shit!
text: WIDER ON MARSH, as she turns and sees Cop #1, shrinking from
text: the horror of what’s inside. Marsh walks over and looks. A
text: black, crusty mess, barely identifiable as human, covered
text: with patriotic bunting and swarming with flies.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: It’s his.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH'S KITCHEN -- LATER -- MORNING.
text: Marsh, Annie, and Stella eat their French toast. In every
text: window, POLICEMEN are visible walking back and forth, going
dialog: about their tasks.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Know what I was thinking? Since
dialog: camp’s almost over, we should go on
dialog: vacation. Today. We could stay ina
dialog: nice hotel, and you could swim in the
dialog: pool.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Really. Except...well, I have a
dialog: little more work to do, so maybe
dialog: you and Grandma could go today, and
dialog: I’1l come as soon as I can.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Soon soon? You promise?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Cross your heart and hope to die?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (waving)
dialog: Hi, John!
text: Marsh turns and there’s Box at her back door, peering in.
text: Marsh smiles, glad to see him.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH’S HOUSE -- LATER -- MORNING.
text: Marsh, standing with Box, refuses to cry as she watches
text: Annie, a little forlorn, waving good-bye from the back of a
text: black Bureau car as it drives away.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: What are you waiting for? Go with
dialog: them.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: No one would blame you.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I might. Keeping my family safe,
text: while the Carvers are pouring Jerry
dialog: into the ground?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: You’ve sacrificed enough.
text: She throws him a curious look. She isn’t sure what he means.
dialog: He’s tired of pretending--
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: I told you I remembered you from
dialog: Rick’s funeral. Well, when I saw
dialog: Annie, it didn’t take me long to
dialog: figure out who her father was.
text: Marsh stares at him, revealing nothing.
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: I don’t blame you for working
text: behind a desk. Losing one parent
dialog: is enough for any kid. And now
dialog: that the piece of shit’s camping
dialog: out on your front lawn, I'd say
dialog: it’s time for you to get lost, and
dialog: stay lost till we’ve got him
text: hanging from a hook.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That’s just my opinion.
text: Box walks away, leaving Marsh to think.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S HOUSE -- MOMENTS LATER -- MORNING.
text: Marsh enters the house. Looks around. It feels empty. She
text: walks through an archway into--
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S DINING ROOM -- CONTINUOUS -- MORNING.
text: She stops at the hutch, opens the drawer, pulls her Glock out
text: of the back of her jeans, starts to set it inside, but then
text: stops. Decides against it. She jams it back in her jeans.
text: The phone rings, startling her.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S KITCHEN -- MOMENTS LATER -- MORNING.
text: Marsh enters and answers it.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (0.S.)
dialog: I guess I missed all the fun.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Where are you?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. GRIFFIN’S MOVING SPORTS CAR -- SAME -- MORNING.
dialog: Griffin drives--
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: On my way in. Annie’s okay?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: She and my mom just left. The
dialog: Bureau’s putting them up...a few
text: hours away...near Gettysburg.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: What about you?
text: Marsh plucks a hand-drawn Mother’s Day card off the
dialog: refrigerator. Studies it.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I'll be fine.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: So you wanna hear my theory about
dialog: why he tried to scare the crap out
dialog: of you?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Because there is a connection
dialog: between him and Kinross, and
dialog: somehow he knows you’re onto it,
dialog: and he wants to drive you off the
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: You found it? I didn’t find
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Maybe. I mean, it’s a long shot
dialog: and I still need to check out some
dialog: details, but--
dialog: (click)
dialog: Shit! Hold on.
dialog: (clicking over)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MELANIE (0.S.)
dialog: Hi.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Melanie. Hi. Hold on.
dialog: (clicking back to Marsh)
dialog: Are you coming in today?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Around one.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Come sooner. Noon. I’11 lay the
dialog: whole thing out for you.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Griffin, just--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Gotta go! It’s Melanie!
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: who?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: The one I ditched. Bye!
text: Too late. He’s gone. Marsh has to smile to herself.
scene_heading: INT. GRIFFIN’S MOVING SPORTS CAR -- SAME -- DAY.
dialog: Griffin speaks to Melanie--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: So you actually forgive me?
speaker_heading: MELANIE (0.S.)
dialog: (with a sigh)
dialog: Your e-mail was very sweet
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Yeah, I spent some time on it.
scene_heading: INT. OWEN’S BASEMENT -- SAME -- MORNING.
text: Owen tinkers with some kind of mechanical contraption. From
text: a speaker on his computer--
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (0.S.)
dialog: I hear you stayed for a while.
dialog: Even ate a hotdog.
text: Owen speaks in his normal voice into his computer--
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Just half of one.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (0.S.)
dialog: Annie really liked you. And you
dialog: know what they say about kids.
dialog: That like animals. Very good
dialog: judges of character.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: What can I say? I have to agree.
dialog: I’m a total catch.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, Mr. Dowd--
scene_heading: INT. GRIFFIN’S MOVING SPORTS CAR -- SAME -- DAY.
text: QOwen’s voice is being electronically altered to sound female:
speaker_heading: OWEN/MELANIE (0.S.)
dialog: --what’re you doing right now?
scene_heading: EXT. CYBER DIVISION HEADQUARTERS -- LATER -- DAY.
text: Marsh walks alone across the parking lot
scene_heading: INT. CYBER DIVISION LOBBY -- MOMENT LATER -- DAY.
text: Ray, the guard, watches as Marsh slides her card in the slot.
scene_heading: INT. DIAL-UP ROOM -- LATER -- DAY.
text: All eyes are subtly on Marsh, as she walks down the aisle,
text: still a bit shaky, but ready to work. She sees Griffin's
text: desk empty. The wall clock says 12:26.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Where’s Griffin?
speaker_heading: WILKS
dialog: I haven’t seen him.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: But he came in at 9:30.
text: Wilks shrugs. Confused, Marsh locks away her gun.
scene_heading: EXT. GETTYSBURG HOTEL -- DAY.
text: Stella and Annie get out of the back of the Bureau car
text: helped with their bags by their TWO-MAN SECURITY DETAIL
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE MEETING ROOM -- CONTINUOUS -- DAY.
text: Marsh enters the busy room, looking around. Brooks stands
text: over a computer with CORPORAL HUGH MICHAELS, 40, smart,
dialog: genial. Brooks sees her--
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Quite a show you put on this
dialog: morning. We might just have to
dialog: assign you a security detail.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Please don’t. I'll be fine. I’ve
dialog: already relocated.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: To where?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Sorry, that’s top secret.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: Jennifer Marsh -- Corporal Hugh
dialog: Michaels, from the RCMP out of
dialog: Vancouver.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Pleasure.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Hugh’s a geographical profiler. He
dialog: uses the RIGEL program. Have you
dialog: ever heard of it?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: (to Hugh)
dialog: She knows everything.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: What can I say? I’m a walking
dialog: Wikipedia.
text: Hugh chuckles. Marsh takes a look at his screen--
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: You’ve inputted the GPS data on
dialog: both killings?
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Where the victims were last seen and
dialog: where their remains were found. I
dialog: even threw in the house where the cat
dialog: was stolen. Here’s a 3-D image of
dialog: what we call the “jeopardy surface.”
dialog: 83.
text: He hits a computer key. The screen fills with the 3-D image
text: of a high mountain. The top is wide, flat, and red. The
text: slope descends into different colors.
speaker_heading: HUGH (cont’d)
dialog: It’s the best we can do for now.
dialog: I’d concentrate my resources there.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Pretty big area.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Unavoidable, I’m afraid. I’ve
dialog: worked with as twenty or thirty
dialog: crime sites. Here we have two.
dialog: Three, if you count the cat.
speaker_heading: BOX (0.S.)
dialog: Make it four.
text: They turn. Box stands in the doorway, staring at the large
text: plasma screen. They look, too. Every agent in the room
text: slowly converges on the screen.
text: It’s not a film -- yet. Just a series of FLASHING STILLS,
text: disjointed images of a man, naked but for boxers, bound and
text: gagged, wrapped in Ethernet cable. He is tied to a folded
text: ironing board and fastened to pipes running along the
dialog: ceiling.
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: Why’s it doing that?
speaker_heading: MARSH
text: It just started streaming. There
dialog: aren’t enough viewers yet to make a
text: continuous image. The mosaic’s still
dialog: forming.
text: They watch as the flashing stills begin to integrate and form
text: a continuous moving image, and when it does, everyone reacts
dialog: with horror.
text: The victim is Griffin, surrounded by a three-sided aluminum
text: pen. His FBI BADGE is pinned right through the skin of his
text: bare chest.
text: The Viewer counter is only at 12,400 and the ETOD is at just
text: under 24 hours, but both counters spin with blinding speed.
dialog: A text crawl appears: The more that watch, the faster he’s
dialog: stripped...The more that watch, the faster he’s stripped..
dialog: The more that watch, the faster he’s stripped...
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Stripped? What does that mean?
text: Marsh lunges at the keyboard. She screen-captures a detail
text: and magnifies it. It’s Griffin’s leg and there are three
text: tiny specks crawling up his calf. Her face unhinges. She
dialog: can hardly breathe.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- MINUTES LATER -- DAY.
text: Brooks, Box, Wilks, Peterson, and the other agents sit,
text: watching helplessly as Griffin writhes and screams into his
text: gag. Marsh works her computer like a madwoman.
text: Finally, she hits a button and a clinical specimen of a RED
text: FIRE ANT fills a screen. She spins her chair and talks to
dialog: the group--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: It’s a Brazilian fire ant....found
dialog: in the south...Florida...Georgia.
dialog: Very aggressive. A few research
dialog: labs sell them, but only to buyers
dialog: with academic credentials....
scene_heading: INT. OWEN’S BASEMENT -- AFTERNOON.
text: FOLLOW THE TRAIL OF ANTS across the cement floor and up
text: Griffin’s leg, stomach, chest, as they bite and chew their
dialog: way.
text: Finally, as the trail grows more sparse, we reach Griffin's
text: face. His eyes and veins bulge as he writhes in pain
text: screaming and moaning.
text: Right in front of him, the VIDEO CAMERA sits on a metal box
dialog: (the contraption we saw Owen tinkering with earlier),
text: attached by cables to his computers.
text: Owen stands behind the box, speaking matter-of-factly,
text: ignoring the screams. Behind him, we see the Viewer counter
text: spinning wildly, past 3,000,000....
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: If no one was watching right now,
dialog: there wouldn’t be any ants. wWe’d
dialog: just be talking. But people enjoy
dialog: the suffering of others. They
dialog: really do. In the old days, they
text: watched gladiators kill each other.
dialog: And later people were hanged in
dialog: public. Or had their heads cut
dialog: off. All of it was enormously
dialog: popular.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: OWEN(cont'd)
dialog: Then for some reason people started
dialog: to think that we’d evolved. Become
dialog: civilized. But it’s not true. I
dialog: know.
text: As the Viewer counter flies past 4,000,000, a door on the box
text: starts to lift.
speaker_heading: OWEN (cont’d)
dialog: See? See how excited they are to
dialog: see you die?
text: FIRE ANTS come crawling out, joining the exodus leading to
text: Griffin. He screams louder, bucking and writhing. After a
text: few long seconds, the door lowers, cutting off the ants.
speaker_heading: OWEN (cont’d)
dialog: I like you, Griffin. Jennifer, too.
dialog: You’re both really intelligent.
dialog: Especially Jennifer...no offense. So
dialog: it’s not personal. I’m only doing to
dialog: you what your friends will do to me
dialog: when they catch me. Only they’1l use
dialog: Potassium Chloride, and they won’t
dialog: let very many people watch. Even
dialog: though almost everybody will want to.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh, wow.
text: As the Viewer counter flies past 4,500,000, the door starts
text: to lift. Griffin screams into his gag. Owen shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: OWEN (cont’d)
dialog: So much faster this time. Word of
dialog: mouth, I guess.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Or maybe it’s because you’re wearing
dialog: your badge.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- LATER -- DAY.
text: The Task Force sits and stands, paralyzed before the
text: monitors. The counters spin so quickly that action is
dialog: impossible.
text: Among the group, Marsh sits, watching in agony, helpless, as
text: Griffin screams and writhes, his limbs and torso thick with
text: ants. She can’t take it an instant longer. She jumps up and
text: races out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. CYBER DIVISION HALLWAY -- LATER -- DAY.
text: Marsh runs down the hall, as though being pursued.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: INT. CYBER DIVISION BATHROOM -- LATER -- DAY.
text: The door bangs open. Marsh enters, sucking wind. She leans
text: down on the sink, breathing hard, looking as though she might
dialog: puke.
text: Gradually her breathing slows. She starts to cry. But stops
text: herself. She turns on the tap. Splashes her face with
text: water. She looks up into the mirror, directly into her own
text: anguished eyes.
text: Suddenly, they ignite with an idea.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- MOMENTS LATER.
text: Marsh explodes into the room--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Morse Code! Who knows Morse Code?!
text: Everyone is momentarily frozen. She screams, red-faced, like
dialog: a madwoman- -
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: Who the fuck knows Morse Code!
scene_heading: INT. CYBER DIVISION HEADQUARTERS -- MINUTE LATER -- DAY.
text: Ray, the elderly security guard, is hurried down the corridor
dialog: by Wilks.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- LATER -- DAY.
text: Ray comes in, winded. Marsh rushes over to him--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Ray, you can do it?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: U.S. Coast Guard retired, Miss
dialog: Marsh.
text: She leads quickly him to a chair
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Griffin is telling us something.
dialog: With his eyes. wWhat’s he saying?!
text: Ray is absolutely horrified by the sight of Griffin. He
text: stares, sSlack-jawed. Marsh practically jams him into his
text: chair, then slams a legal pad and pen down in front of him.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: Hurry!
dialog: 87.
text: The Viewer counter spins past 7,750,000. The ants reach
text: Griffin’s mouth. He presses his lips shut, marshaling his
dialog: will to continue his blinking.
text: Ray trembles, can’t focus or speak. Realizing it’s too much
text: for him, Marsh screen-captures Griffin’s eyes and magnifies
text: them hugely. They take up the whole screen now.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: Do it!
text: Everyone waits as Ray squints--
speaker_heading: GUARD
text: The right eye is dots...the left is
dialog: dashes.
text: He slowly writes out the dashes and dots across the piece of
dialog: paper.
text: Marsh hits a keyboard at her side and on a smaller side
text: monitor brings up the full image of Griffin. The Viewer
text: counter has gone berserk, flying past 9,000,000.
text: Suddenly, on the huge plasma screen, an ant appears, crawling
text: into one of Griffin’s eyes. At this level of magnification,
dialog: it is colossal.
text: Griffin tries to keep blinking, but soon another ant appears
text: then another, digging in their pincers. The lid closes, but
text: they continue biting, chewing.
text: On the smaller monitor, Griffin, covered from head to toe,
text: flails in his chair, in his last, frantic death throes. The
text: counter flies toward 10,000,000.
text: The emoticon begins to strut across the bottom of the screen.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Turn it off!
dialog: (screaming)
speaker_heading: TURN IT OFF!
text: The agents obey. One by one the monitors go black. No one
text: knows what to say or do. The silence is broken by the
text: vibration of Marsh’s Treo.
text: Marsh grabs it and is about to shut if off, when she notices
text: something chilling. She hits some buttons.
text: The screen reads: AWGTHTDTAOA. ..AWGTHTDTAOA. ..AWGTHTDTAOA
text: ...AWGTHTDTAOA.... And, beneath it, the killer’s emoticon
text: moving back and forth.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: It’s from...from him.
text: Everyone reacts with fear and bewilderment.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Are We Going To Have To Do This All
dialog: Over Again?
text: Silence. Marsh walks to the door. She turns back to Ray.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’‘d)
dialog: What was he trying to tell us?
text: The Guard turns his legal pad around and shows it to Marsh.
text: He has written: I-C-I-D-E-S-U A pause, as people try to
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: “Suicide.”
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: He was saying it again when....
text: Marsh nods, then exits. Box looks over at Brooks. Everyone
text: is speechless.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL -- NIGHT.
text: A dreary little motel by the highway. Not many cars in the
text: parking lot. In the distance, cars fly past on the highway.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM -- SAME -- NIGHT.
text: Marsh sits on the bed, absolutely motionless. Outside we
text: hear the white noise of distant traffic. On the other bed,
text: her cat sits on the pillow, staring at her.
text: A KNOCK on the door. Marsh’s head turns slowly toward it.
text: She rises slowly. Walks to her dresser, where her weapon
text: sits. She picks it up.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: BOX (0.C.)
dialog: Me.
text: Marsh’s eyes fall to her reflection in the dresser mirror
text: She’s a mess. She sets down her weapon and walks to the
text: door. Opens it.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: What do you--
dialog: 89.
text: Marsh stares numbly as he eases her aside and walks right
text: past her. He carries a bag of take-out food.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Get in the shower.
text: For a moment, her eyes flicker with defiance, then they go
text: dull again and she obediently drifts into the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM -- LATER -- NIGHT.
text: Dinner has been laid out on a blanket on the bed. Box sits
text: in a chair, watching bad television.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM -- MOMENTS LATER -- NIGHT.
text: The room is full of steam. A gentle knock. The door opens.
speaker_heading: BOX (0.C.)
dialog: You okay?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Jennifer?
text: Box enters, grabs a clean towel, and pulls aside the shower
text: curtain. Obscured by steam, Marsh sits huddled, holding
text: herself on the shower floor.
text: Box shuts off the water, pulls her to her feet, wraps her in
text: the towel, then pulls her into his arms. The dam breaks.
text: She weeps in his arms, her body convulsing. He leans back
text: against the door, holding her, letting her cry and cry.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM -- LATER -- NIGHT.
text: Marsh, wearing boxers and a T-shirt, sits up, cross-legged,
text: with her back against the headboard, eating dinner. She isa
text: bit restored, but only a shadow of her former self.
text: Box stands at the open door, smoking a cigarette, blowing the
text: smoke outside.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: We found Griffin’s car parked on
text: the I-50 overpass. His skeleton
text: was in the trunk.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The ants we traced to a research
text: lab at Marshall Junior College.
dialog: The thief knew his way around and
dialog: didn’t leave a print.
dialog: (beat)
text: Looks like Griffin was baited with
dialog: a phone call.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: BOX(cont'd)
dialog: But we can’t trace it because it
dialog: was made with a...a spoof card, I
dialog: guess it’s called?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Private investigators use them for
dialog: pretext calls. It’s really just a
dialog: phone card, costs about twenty
dialog: bucks an hour. It lets you program
dialog: any caller ID you want.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: It still doesn’t explain how he got
dialog: him to--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Spoof cards also let you change the
dialog: gender of your voice. It comes
dialog: with the service. He knew where
dialog: Griffin was vulnerable. He baited
dialog: him as an internet date.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: How’d he know anything about him?
dialog: How did he even get his phone
dialog: number?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: The same way he got mine. And my
dialog: home address. The night Miller
dialog: died, we were trying to trace him,
dialog: and he routed us back to our own
text: network. He followed us in. A few
dialog: seconds later, I got a text
dialog: message.
text: She picks up her Treo and scrolls back.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont‘d)
text: A bunch of random numbers.
text: She hands it to him. He looks at the field of random
dialog: numbers.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: Or so I thought.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Turn it over.
text: Box does. In the middle of the field, the upsidedown numbers
dialog: spell out: “Hello Hello Hello.”
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: How’d he do it?
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Before Internal Ops purged him, he
dialog: had a few seconds to access my
text: personal devices. Griffin’s, too.
dialog: For weeks, he’s had access to every
dialog: one of our keystrokes.
text: A somber silence.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Has he contacted you again?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: He has no reason to. He wants me
dialog: off the case. I’m off the case.
text: Box flicks his cigarette and closes the door.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: Any idea why Griffin was blinking
dialog: “suicide”? A few of us have ideas
dialog: but....
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: John, I...I’m finished. Tomorrow,
dialog: I’m gonna pick up my mom and Annie,
dialog: and just....1I’1l take them...we’1l
dialog: disappear...till it’s over.
text: Their eyes meet. Hold. Marsh looks away.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: I’1l be fine. You can go home now.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: (finding a smile)
dialog: Never?
text: He just stares. She lowers her eyes and speaks, almost
dialog: inaudibly- -
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’‘d)
dialog: I’m good at a lot of things, but
dialog: not losing people. I’m bad at
dialog: losing people....
text: A tear trickles down her cheek. He leans over, gently wipes
text: it away. Her smile is sweet, grateful.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM -- LATER -- DAWN.
text: Under the covers, bathed in slanting light from the blinds
text: Box lies on his side, sound asleep, holding Marsh, naked, in
dialog: his arms.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE. Marsh is awake. Feeling protected, she is
text: calmer now. Her eyes drift over to the laptop computer
text: sitting on the other bed.
text: Her mind starts to work.
text: She gently removes Box’s arm from around her and slips out.
text: She throws on a T-shirt, then walks over, sits on the bed,
text: and opens her computer.
text: For a moment, she just stares at the screen. Then she pulls
text: from a pouch in her computer case the Kinross disc that
text: Griffin gave her. She inserts it into her machine.
text: After it loads, she clicks open a long list of titled video
text: clip files. Into a search box she types the word “Suicide.”
text: She clicks on the first found item: “Suicide Jump”. A video
text: clip plays of a young woman, perched atop the roof of an
text: apartment building. Marsh lowers the volume.
text: Rescuers reach out to the young woman. Frightened, she pulls
text: away, Slips, and falls. She tumbles out of frame to her
dialog: death.
text: Marsh closes the file. She clicks opens the next one, marked
text: “Kurt Suicide”. It’s an old news clip of Kurt Cobain
dialog: discussing suicide.
text: She closes it and clicks opens the next one, “Suicide Mayor.”
text: A small-town mayor addresses a press conference. Without
text: warning, he lifts a revolver to his mouth, pulls the trigger,
text: and falls, his head spouting blood.
text: A beat, then Marsh open the next file, “Rush-Hour Suicide.”
dialog: As it plays....
text: ANGLE ON BOX, lying on his side in bed, petting Marsh’s cat,
text: watching Marsh work. She’s beautiful in the early morning
dialog: light.
text: We hear the scratchy sound of a TRAFFIC HELICOPTER REPORTER
text: coming from Marsh’s computer, but Box cannot see what she is
dialog: watching- -
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: TRAFFIC REPORTER (0.S.)
dialog: His erratic driving has slowed
dialog: traffic on the 1-50 north all the
text: way back to the 340 interchange.
dialog: But now, as you can see, the
dialog: vehicle has stopped on the
dialog: shoulder.
text: Box, frowning, slowly sits up.
speaker_heading: TRAFFIC REPORTER (0.S.) (cont’d)
text: His door is opening. And there’s
dialog: the driver. What is that? It’sa
dialog: rifle! The driver has a rifle!
text: Box rises, lays his hands on her shoulders, massages them.
text: She leans her body back into his and angles the screen so he
dialog: can see better--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: It’s called “Rush Hour Suicide.”
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: I remember. The guy was a profes-
dialog: sor.
speaker_heading: TRAFFIC REPORTER
text: Two Highway Patrol cars are on the
text: scene now. Traffic has stopped
dialog: entirely.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Kinross included it in his greatest
dialog: hits. His “Best of the Worst.”
speaker_heading: TRAFFIC REPORTER
text: The officers are ordering him to
text: drop his weapon and get down on the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I know how it ends.
text: As Marsh reaches to click it off--
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Yeah, to this day, I still can’t
dialog: eat at that Burger King.
text: Marsh stops, freezes the picture, then turns around and looks
text: at him questioningly. Box smiles.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: That yellow roof? It’s a Burger
dialog: King. It’s where the back of the
dialog: guy’s skull landed. I was in there
dialog: a few weeks ago..starving to
dialog: death...and I still couldn’t bring
dialog: myself to order.
text: Marsh looks away, thinking, then looks back at him.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: What were you doing there?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Talking to the kid who owned the
dialog: kitten.
text: Marsh’s eyes widen, hardly daring to believe. It takes a
text: moment, but Box understands where her mind has gone.
speaker_heading: BOX (cont’d)
dialog: You think--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Do you remember the professor’s
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: No, but I know he taught at some
dialog: junior college.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Marshall Junior College?
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Yeah. Holy shit.
dialog: (crossing away)
dialog: The traffic report? Whose is it?
dialog: Who shot it?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Channel 9.
text: Box grabs his phone, but, before dialing, looks at her.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: I never thought I’d say this to
dialog: you, but put on some clothes.
text: She jumps up and begins to dress.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: INT. CHANNEL 9 TV STATION -- LATER -- MORNING.
text: Marsh and Box stride down the hall, led by a NERVOUS EMPLOYEE.
scene_heading: INT. CHANNEL 9 CONTROL ROOM -- CONTINUOUS.
text: When Marsh and Box step into the dark room, they see the rush-
text: hour suicide footage already playing on a monitor, while
text: other monitors play OTHER FOOTAGE related to the event.
text: A TECHNICIAN works the controls. A STATION EXECUTIVE,
text: consulting a clipboard, invites them to sit down.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY -- LATER -- NOON.
text: Box’s unmarked car speeds along, light flashing, siren
text: wailing.
scene_heading: INT. BOX’S CAR -- SAME -- DAY.
text: Box drives, while Marsh speaks on the phone--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Yes, your honor, and normally I
dialog: would have waited for you to finish
dialog: your swim.
text: She listens. Smiles at Box.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- LATER -- DAY.
text: The Task force sits, assembled, waiting.
scene_heading: INT. CYBER DIVISION HEADQUARTERS -- SAME -- DAY.
text: Marsh and Box stride down the hall and into the room.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- LATER -- DAY.
text: The room is dark. On the plasma screen appears a college
text: yearbook photograph of a long-haired, dreary-eyed teenager.
text: REVERSE ANGLE TO reveal Marsh addressing the Task Force with
text: clarity and intensity. She controls the images on the plasma
dialog: with her laptop--
speaker_heading: MARSH
text: Andrew Kinross. A sophomore at
dialog: Georgetown University. He died
dialog: last month, but that didn’t stop
dialog: him from recommending...the day
dialog: after his body was discovered...a
dialog: new website called killwithme.com.
dialog: How did he do it? He didn’t.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: MARSH(cont 'd)
text: The killer did, using his name.
dialog: Why? Why did the subject use
dialog: Kinross’s name and not someone
dialog: else’s to promote his site? That’s
dialog: what Griffin and I asked ourselves
dialog: and, the night before he died
dialog: Griffin found the answer. But the
dialog: killer knew that he had, and he got
dialog: to him first.
text: Marsh clicks her mouse and the photo of Kinross is replaced
text: by a grainy aerial photograph of the man, holding the rifle,
text: standing on the shoulder of a towering freeway overpass.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: Recognize him? He had his fifteen
dialog: minutes.
dialog: Many recognize him, other clearly do not
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
text: James Cleary. A biology teacher at
dialog: Marshall Junior College. Nine
dialog: months ago, depressed by the recent
dialog: death of his wife...a hematologist
text: ...Cleary staggered out of his car,
text: during rush hour, onto the I-50
text: overpass. Traffic copters were out
dialog: in force that day...but only one...
dialog: Channel 9’s...caught the action
dialog: from beginning to end. The regular
dialog: pilot was out sick, so the glory
dialog: went to a fill-in...an old Air
dialog: Force buddy of his...a guy who made
text: his living chauffeuring executives.
text: Click. The screen shows a Liberty Executive Charter photo
dialog: I.D. of Herbert Miller.
speaker_heading: MARSH (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: Later, he told friends he was just
dialog: lucky. In the right place at the
dialog: right time.
dialog: Click, back to Cleary.
text: Click again, and now the VIDEO CLIP plays, muted.
text: The clip shows Cleary in distress, looking up at the circling
text: choppers, then over at three police cars that have stopped on
text: the highway thirty feet away.
text: Officers are crouched at their car doors, weapons drawn.
text: Cleary looks over the edge of the overpass and considers
dialog: jumping.
dialog: 97.
text: One of the Officers, wearing a bulletproof vest, walks slowly
text: toward him, weapon lowered, trying to talk sense to him.
text: Cleary throws a leg over the railing and screams at him to
dialog: stop.
text: The Officer does not stop. He merely slows down, still
text: talking and advancing, urging him to lower his rifle.
text: As he gets closer, our chopper swerves dangerously low,
text: Cleary panics. Ina flash, he puts the rifle in his mouth
text: and pulls the trigger.
text: The back of his head blows off.
text: Click. The frame freezes.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
text: The back of Cleary’s skull landed on
dialog: that roof. A Burger King. So did
text: his glasses. The piece of skull was
text: turned over to the coroner. But the
dialog: glasses were retrieved by the
dialog: assistant manager.
text: Click. The Burger King employee I.D. of Scott Hickman.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: He put them up for sale on ebay.
dialog: There were plenty of bidders, but
dialog: when word got out, the auction was
dialog: shut down.
text: Click, and Cleary’s body wilts and falls over the railing.
text: THE HELICOPTER CAMERA follows the body, as it falls fifty
text: feet then hits and bounces off a big, swiftly passing car.
dialog: 
text: Click, and the screen goes black.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: Every suicide is a tragedy for the
dialog: survivors, but this was far worse,
dialog: because it was broadcast live on
text: the 5 o’clock news. Kids home from
dialog: school saw it. Outraged parents
dialog: called in. The TV stations
dialog: apologized. Except channel 9.
dialog: They’d been having trouble in the
dialog: ratings...but not that afternoon.
text: The numbers were sky-high.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Knowing a good thing when it fell
text: in their lap, they rushed a veteran
dialog: reporter to the scene...
dialog: 98.
text: Click. The screen fills with a muted video clip of Jerry
text: Carver, slick and professional, holding a Channel 9
text: microphone, speaking to camera.
speaker_heading: MARSH (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: He got lucky and landed an inter-
dialog: view with the local businessman
dialog: whose Cadillac was hit by Cleary’s
text: falling body.
text: The frame widens, as Jerry begins to interview an agitated
text: ASIAN MAN, 50, standing next to his dented, gold Cadillac.
speaker_heading: MARSH (0.S.) (cont’d)
dialog: When the interview ended, as a
dialog: courtesy to those who might have
dialog: missed it, Channel 9 aired the
dialog: video one last time.
text: The video starts over. Plays a little bit. Click. Marsh
dialog: freezes it.
text: BACK TO MARSH, addressing the group--
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont‘d)
dialog: Five years ago, that would have
dialog: been the end of it. But the
dialog: world’s changed. Within a few
dialog: minutes of Channel 9 airing the
dialog: footage for the last time, Andrew
text: Kinross had pulled it off his TiVo
dialog: and posted it on five different
dialog: shock-video sites. From there,
dialog: Cleary’s suicide was public domain.
dialog: The worst pain a family can endure
dialog: had become something for a billion
dialog: strangers to feed on, laugh at
dialog: turn away from, gossip about.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But Cleary didn’t have much family.
dialog: Just a son that he and his wife had
text: rescued out of foster care. Owen
dialog: was a brilliant kid, good with
dialog: mechanics...electronics...
dialog: computers. But he was troubled,
text: frail, withdrawn. He worked as a
dialog: freelance programmer. Out of his
dialog: basement.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Owen adored his father. To be
dialog: confronted with his terrible death
dialog: again and again was more than his
dialog: psyche could withstand.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: MARSH(cont 'd)
dialog: He began hacking into sites that
dialog: offered the clip and leaving
text: violent threats ...lashing out at
dialog: the uncaring mob that had turned
dialog: his personal loss into a sideshow
dialog: attraction. He was eventually
text: hospitalized. Put on suicide watch
dialog: himself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Six months ago, Owen was released.
text: He lives, alone now, in his
text: father’s house in Silver Springs.
text: Click. A photo of Owen fills the screen.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: The warrant’1l be here in a few
dialog: minutes.
text: Marsh glances at Box.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: What do you say we arrest the piece
dialog: of shit?
text: Then she looks back at the group, smiling.
scene_heading: EXT. MARYLAND HIGHWAYS -- LATER -- NIGHT.
text: VARIOUS SHOTS OF SHERIFF, POLICE, and UNMARKED CARS streaking
text: down the highway.
scene_heading: EXT. OWEN’S HOUSE -- LATER -- NIGHT.
text: FBI, SHERIFF and POLICE CARS glide up from both directions
text: and silently park. Heavily-armed AGENTS and OFFICERS
text: silently emerge and take up a perimeter.
scene_heading: INT. OWEN’S LIVING ROOM -- SAME -- NIGHT.
text: Everything is tidy, dark, and still.
speaker_heading: OFFICER (0.S.)
dialog: Police! Open up!
text: A few seconds pass, then the door explodes into splinters.
text: Agents pour in, guns drawn. Among them are Marsh and Box.
text: Agent swarm upstairs. Marsh and Box run through the living
text: room, making for the rear of the house.
scene_heading: INT. OWEN’S SECOND FLOOR -- SAME -- DAY.
text: Agents pour down the hall, kicking down the doors, leaping
text: into the doorway ready to fire.
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. OWEN’S KITCHEN -- SAME -- DAY.
text: Marsh and Box stop at the basement door. Marsh and Box
text: exchange a look, then Box kicks in the door. It’s pitch
text: black inside.
text: Box blindly reaches in for the light switch. He finds it,
text: hits it, but nothing happens. Box looks at Marsh. His look
dialog: says, “You okay to do this?”
text: She is scared out of her wits, but she nods. Box, turned
text: sideways, points his guns and flashlight down the stairs, and
text: descends quickly. Marsh follows suit.
text: FOLLOW THEM DOWN THE STAIRS, their crossing beams of light
text: revealing a bloody mess. The smell turns their head. Marsh
text: stops, sucking wind, and manages to shout upstairs--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: This is the place! This is it!
scene_heading: INT. OWEN’S BASEMENT -- MINUTES LATER -- DAY.
text: The lights are on. Agents, faces covered, wearing rubber
text: gloves, rip the soundproofing panels off the windows. As the
text: light shines in, Box and Marsh look around, mouths covered,
text: barely able to keep from vomiting.
text: The floor is sticky with dried blood. Flies buzz everywhere.
text: The last of the dead kitten. The rotting remnant of Miller’s
text: lower torso still outlined in the cement. A stained ironing
text: board. Piles of dead ants.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Jesus.
text: Marsh shines a light to where all the computers were.
speaker_heading: MARSH
text: He moved out all his equipment.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: He knew you were getting close.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: But I was off the case.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: I knew you’d come back, why
dialog: wouldn’t he?
text: Marsh throws him a look.
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: EXT. CYBER DIVISION HEADQUARTERS -- LATER -- RAINY EVENING.
text: Rain falls on the mostly-empty lot.
scene_heading: INT. BROOK’S OFFICE -- LATER -- RAINY EVENING.
text: Brooks talks to Marsh, her face impassive--
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: Honestly, words defy me. Your work
dialog: has been absolutely outstanding.
dialog: And to sustain a personal loss like
dialog: this and come back and close the
dialog: case? Well, that’s just--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: But I didn’t close it.
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: (amused )
dialog: You think a disturbed young man
text: driving a forty-year-old W bus
dialog: filled with electronics is just
dialog: going to melt into the crowd?
dialog: We’1l locate him by Friday.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Here’s what I want you to do:
dialog: Nothing. Relax. Take some time
dialog: off.
text: Marsh stares at him, stone-faced, then speaks with controlled
dialog: emotion--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Griffin died in twenty minutes. By
dialog: the time the site went dark, more
dialog: people had watched the ants clean
dialog: his bones than fought in World war
dialog: II. The next victim will die in
dialog: the blink of an eye. And you want
dialog: me to go lie on a fucking beach?
speaker_heading: BROOKS
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: I don’t care if it’s a beach or a
dialog: mountain or the North Pole, you’re
dialog: no longer the case agent.
dialog: (then, more gently)
dialog: But don’t you worry. When you get
dialog: back? You’1ll get your office of
dialog: preference.
text: He smiles. Marsh doesn’t.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE BROOKS’S OFFICE -- LATER -- RAINY EVENING.
text: Box waits for her. Marsh emerges. They walk.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I’ve been asked...ordered...to go
dialog: ..uhhh...what do you call it?
dialog: One of those things were you don’t
dialog: do anything...or worry about
dialog: anything...and just....
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: A vacation?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: Good. I’11 call you the second we
dialog: locate him. Even better, I’1l fly
dialog: to you with a bottle of champagne,
dialog: how’s that?
scene_heading: EXT. CYBER DIVISION HEADQUARTERS -- LATER -- RAINY EVENING.
text: Box walks Marsh to her car through a light rain. He holds
text: the umbrella for both of them. They stop at her SUV.
text: Awkward silence.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: You are leaving tonight? Right
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Don’t worry.
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: I’d be happy to drive you.
text: They look at each other. Box kisses her with passion. She
text: likes it, but then eases him away. He doesn’t understand
text: why. She points into the sky. He looks. A surveillance
text: camera on a light pole.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S MOVING SUV -- LATER -- RAINY EVENING.
text: As the rain falls harder, Marsh drives on the highway, listen-
dialog: ing to classical music.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL -- LATER -- RAINY EVENING.
text: Marsh pulls into the dark, rainy lot.
scene_heading: INT. DARK MOTEL ROOM -- NIGHT.
text: The door opens. Marsh enters. She stops at the door, looks
text: around, hears a strange scraping sound. She unsnaps her
text: holster, lays a hand on her weapon.
text: Where’s the sound coming from? The bathroom. She walks
text: over, quickly kicks open the door. Nothing in sight. She
text: reaches in and throws aside the shower curtain. Nothing.
text: She relaxes, but then she hears the sound again. She turns
text: around, tensed, and realizes it’s coming from the closet.
text: She walks over, crouches, and quickly yanks the folding door
text: Her cat bounds out. Marsh, chest heaving, catches her
text: breath, snaps shut her holster.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL -- LATER -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh throw her stuff in the back of her SUV. Then carries
text: the pet carrier around and lays it in the passenger seat.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY -- LAYER -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh’s SUV drives along, wipers slapping at the rain.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S SUV -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Tired of the classical music, she hits buttons until she
text: lands on the righteous intoning of an older male commentator,
dialog: who words unsettle her--
speaker_heading: RADIO EDITORIAL
dialog: --six long days since the murder of
dialog: Federal Agent Griffin Dowd, and
text: still no suspect in custody. Some
dialog: wonder who this madman will seize
dialog: next. Not I. I wonder when we’1l
dialog: stop this diabolical collaboration
dialog: not with the killer, but with the
dialog: alternate universe that he
dialog: inhabits. The one inside our
dialog: computers. A world without
dialog: compassion or conscience. Without
dialog: laws, morality, or shame. Why do
dialog: we love this world so? Why did we
dialog: create it?
text: There are commotion and distress in Marsh eyes.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: RADIO EDITORIAL (cont'd)
dialog: Does it reflect who we are as a
dialog: species? What we have become?
dialog: What must our Creator think of us?
text: Marsh sees the sign saying, “Welcome to Pennsylvania.” She
text: can’t do it. She yanks the wheel and roars onto exit.
text: She zooms up the exit ramp and at the top pulls a hard left
text: and roars along the overpass.
text: She reaches a red light, sees that the coast is clear, and
text: runs the red light, yanking another left
text: She roars down an entrance ramp.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY -- MOMENTS LATER -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh’s SUV streaks past the sign saying, “Welcome to
dialog: Maryland.”
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S SUV -- LATER -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh listens to music again. The rain is falling harder
text: now. A flash of lightning and then a roar of thunder. Her
text: cat meows mournfully. She looks over and opens the cage
text: door. It sticks its head out and she scratches it.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I know, baby, I know -- that’s a
dialog: lotta water.
text: Suddenly, the music stops dead. Odd. Marsh adjusts the
text: radio. Hits buttons. Nothing.
text: Then suddenly the wipers stop. She reacts, skids a bit, hits
text: the brakes. The cat leaps out of its cage. Cars honk.
text: Madly working the wiper controls, she struggles to see
text: through the windshield.
text: Suddenly, the headlights go out and her car lurches
text: violently. The engine is dead. Cars barrel past her,
text: honking their horns. She jams the car in neutral and
text: wrestles with the stiff power steering.
text: A TRACTOR TRAILER, blaring its horn, bears down on her and
text: swerves, skids, nearly plowing into her
text: Finally, Marsh wrenches the car to a stop in the gravel of
dialog: the shoulder.
text: Chest heaving, gasping to catch her breath, she sits there in
text: the dark, grateful to be alive. Her cat sits, cowering in
text: the foot-well of the passenger seat.
dialog: 105.
text: Abruptly, she snaps to, reaching for her Treo, hits her speed-
text: dial. The Treo beeps. She looks at the screen: “Service
dialog: denied.”
text: Spooked, she looks out and through the rain spots an
text: illuminated CALL BOX about fifty yards away. She pulls the
dialog: door handle, but the doors are locked. Won’t unlock
speaker_heading: OWEN (0.S.)
dialog: Hello, Jennifer.
text: With a gasp, Marsh yanks out her weapon and points it into
text: the back. Nothing. No one. The cat makes a sound.
text: Slowly, very slowly, heart pounding, she inches her eyes up
text: to the NorthStar speaker above her head.
text: For a moment, just the sound of two people breathing in the
text: dark. And the sounds of the storm.
speaker_heading: OWEN (cont’d)
dialog: I can hear you. You’re not dead.
dialog: (beat)
text: Look out the passenger window.
dialog: (she doesn’t)
dialog: Under that streetlight, that’s
dialog: where my dad’s body landed after he
dialog: killed himself. Some websites show
dialog: the whole thing in slow-motion
dialog: because it’s so much better that
dialog: way. One archives it in a section
dialog: called “Whoa.” That’s all. Just
dialog: “whoa.”
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I know, Owen. It’s despicable.
text: Silence. She hears him breathing. Then there’s a click.
text: The breathing stops.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: Owen?
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: MARSH (cont’d)
dialog: Are you there?
text: Silence. Marsh tries the engine. Nothing but a click. She
text: tries the door. Locked. Fuck it. She has no choice.
text: She turns her head aside and swings the handle of her gun at
text: the passenger window. It shatters, showering her with cubes
text: of glass. Her cat howls in the back of the truck.
dialog: 106.
text: Marsh sticks her gun in the pocket of her windbreaker,
text: pockets her Treo, and climbs out the window into the storm.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY SHOULDER -- MOMENTS LATER -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh, drenched, runs across the overpass until she spots an
text: illuminated Call Box.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY SHOULDER -- MOMENTS LATER -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh runs up to the box, lifts the phone. It rings.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Call Answering Center.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: I’m an agent with the FBI and I’m
dialog: stranded on the I-50! I need you
dialog: to connect me to the FBI head-
dialog: quarters in Riverton! It’s an
dialog: emergency! The number is--
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: I’m connecting.
text: It rings. Marsh looks back at her dark SUV, sitting fifty
text: yards away, barely visible through the downpour.
speaker_heading: MALE OPERATOR
dialog: FBI, Riverton.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Bill, it’s Jennifer Marsh. I need
dialog: you to connect me to Detective Box
text: from the task force. At home.
dialog: Hurry.
speaker_heading: MALE OPERATOR
dialog: Hold on.
text: Aching seconds pass. Water drops from her lashes. Her eyes
text: can the road, looking for any sign of trouble. The phone
text: rings. Rings again. Three times.
speaker_heading: BOX (0.S.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: John...Owen tried to kill me! He
dialog: hacked into my Northstar! I’m on
dialog: the highway!
speaker_heading: BOX (0.S.)
dialog: Where are you?
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: The I-50 overpass! Where his
dialog: father died!
speaker_heading: BOX (0.S.)
dialog: Don’t move! Just wait for me!
dialog: Just wait!
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY -- LATER - RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh, exhausted and drenched, trudges back to her car. A
text: car approaches, its headlights blinding. It slows down.
text: Marsh freezes, reaches into her jacket pocket for her gun.
text: FRAT BOYS, out on a drunken spree, lashed by the rain, shout
text: at her from their open windows, as they pass.
text: Shaking her head at their stupidity, she walks on then stops
text: dead. Her car’s headlights are on. She starts to run.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S SUV -- MOMENTS LATER -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh jumps in. The radio is playing again. Her Treo beeps
text: back to life in her pocket. She exhales heavily. Thank God.
text: Suddenly, her cat leaps from the back seat to the front
text: scaring her half to death. She sits there, gasping waiting
text: for her heart to settle. Then she reaches to puts the car in
dialog: gear --
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Jennifer?
text: Marsh freezes, looks up slowly, ever so slowly, at the
dialog: Northstar.
text: Then from the shadows of the back seat, Owen rises up
text: sopping wet and touches his Taser to her cheek. Marsh
text: screams and spasms and falls.
speaker_heading: DARKNESS.
text: FLASH. Marsh, hands and feet bound with Ethernet cable and
text: her mouth gagged, is being dragged by her hair across a
dialog: cement floor.
text: As she is brutally dragged up two stairs, she sees the spot
text: on the wall where a lawn mower hangs -- its dirty outline
text: visible on the wall -- but it’s not there.
text: Abruptly, she realizes that it’s her own garage! She screams
text: into her gag, kicking, wriggling, resisting with all her
dialog: might.
dialog: 108.
text: Owen drops her to the floor. Her head cracks against the
text: cement. Blood drips from her scalp. Owen’s shadow lengthens
text: across her body. Her eyes beg him not to hurt her. He
text: touches the Taser to her face.
speaker_heading: DARKNESS.
speaker_heading: FLASH:
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S BASEMENT -- LATER -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh’s eyes open to pure horror, as she tumbles down the
text: steps with Owen descending behind her. She hits the cement
text: bottom, bloody and unconscious.
speaker_heading: DARKNESS.
speaker_heading: FLASH:
text: Marsh’s eyes open. Bleeding from the mouth and head, she
text: sees sound-proofing panels on the windows.
text: Marsh tries to free herself. Owen, ten feet away, toting
text: something, regards her with his dull eyes.
text: He sets down what he’s carrying, then removes his Taser from
text: his belt and shoots her. Twin probes, bearing fish hooks,
text: fly out of the gun and hit her squarely in the chest
speaker_heading: DARKNESS.
speaker_heading: FLASH:
text: Marsh’s eyes open. The cable around her ankles is connected
text: to a long chain that Owen has tossed over a sewage pipe
text: running along the ceiling.
text: She follows the longer chain with her eyes. It travels down
text: from the pipe and connects to the rusty iron spool of a
text: garden hose. Owen has fastened a crank to the spool. He
text: turns it with great effort. Lying on the floor at his side
dialog: is her Glock.
text: Marsh, dazed, doesn’t understand why, but then slowly her
text: feet begin to rise off the cement floor.
text: Frantic as she rises higher, upside down, she looks and sees
text: flashing computer equipment everywhere. In the other
text: direction, her eyes bulge when she sees a video camera.
text: She wrestles violently, shaking the chains, making the pipe
text: overhead pull on its supports. Owen doesn’t like the look of
dialog: those supports.
dialog: 109.
text: He stops his work and presses the trigger of his Taser. She
text: spasms, screams, and stops struggling.
speaker_heading: DARKNESS.
text: A distant sputter, then a muted roar, then the roar grows
text: louder and louder, until it explodes into hideous life.
speaker_heading: FLASH:
text: Marsh’s eyes open. She is hanging upside down, staring
text: straight down into the whirring blades of her own lawn mower,
text: which has been rigged onto its back and attached to a fuel
text: pump and gas can. A plastic tube attached to the engine,
text: carries the exhaust into the open door of the dormant boiler
text: Eyes bugging, Marsh looks over and sees the camera pointed at
text: her. Then, suddenly, to her horror, its red light pops on.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Wilks is alone, retrieving some files. Right behind him, on
text: five computer screens, the creepy music of killwithme plays.
text: Deaf, Wilks can’t hear it.
text: Then, right behind him, the screens flash with a still image
text: of Marsh hanging upside down over the blades. Then the
text: screen goes black.
text: Wilks turns around, sees nothing. Goes back to his work.
text: The screens flash another image of Marsh. Then they flash
text: faster and faster until the mosaic of viewers kicks in, and
text: it becomes a continuous moving image.
dialog: The text crawl: The more that watch, the sooner she’s
dialog: Sliced...the more that watch, the sooner she’s sliced...the
dialog: more that watch, the sooner she’s sliced....
text: As Wilks walks out of the room, oblivious, he realizes that
text: he has forgotten his coffee. He turns back to get it and
text: sees the screen. He reacts, then races for the door
text: HOLD ON THE VIEWER COUNTER, only at 39,350, but spinning far
text: faster than ever before. The Estimated Time of Death plunges
dialog: down from 24 hours.
scene_heading: INT. BOX’S CAR -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Box pulls up to the I-50 and sees no car. Alarmed, he isn’t
text: sure what to do. Then he sees something. He gets out of the
dialog: car.
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY SHOULDER -- CONTINUOUS -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Box runs over and looks down at the shattered glass all over
dialog: the gravel.
text: He remembers something. He looks over the edge of the road.
text: There, far below, at the spot where Owen’s father’s body
text: landed, is Owen’s WW bus, parked under a rainy streetlight
text: Box races back to his car.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH’S HOUSE -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: The rain falls harder, lashing the roof, swaying the trees.
text: The sound mixes with a weird mewing sound.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S KITCHEN -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh’s cat, whining, paws at the ajar basement door.
text: Finally, it gets the door open wider and slinks through.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S BASEMENT -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: The Viewer counter spins past 1,000,000. Owen makes another
text: small turn in the crank, lowering Marsh a quarter inch.
text: Struggling, spinning on her chains, Marsh is trying to do
dialog: something, but we’re not sure what.
text: Then we see: she is wrestling her Treo out of her back
text: pocket. Once she has it, she blindly hits keys, trying to be
dialog: precise.
scene_heading: INT. OWEN’S WW BUS -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: In the pouring rain, Box, weapon aimed, wrenches open the
text: side door of the bus. Blackness. He shines a flashlight in.
text: Empty but for old computers parts, the remains of various
text: contraptions, and the odd pool or splatter of blood.
text: His cell phone rings. He looks. A text message from Marsh
text: that reads, simply: 911...HOME....
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S BASEMENT -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Owen, seeing what Marsh has done, pulls the trigger on the
text: Taser, which is still connected to her chest. She screams
text: flopping. The Treo falls from her hands, hits the blades of
text: the mower, and shatters into the wall.
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Members of the Task Force stare, horror-stricken at the
text: screens. The Viewer counter shoots above 2,000,000. ETOD:
text: 18 hours, 50 minutes. A phone rings.
speaker_heading: PETERSON
dialog: Task Force.
speaker_heading: BOX (0.S.)
dialog: He’s in her house!
scene_heading: INT. BOX’S CAR -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Box speeds down the highway, light flashing, siren wailing,
text: screaming into his cell phone--
speaker_heading: BOx
dialog: He’s got Jennifer in her house!
dialog: g
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S BASEMENT -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Viewer counter shoots above 3,000,000. ETOD: 16 hours, 20
dialog: minutes.
text: Marsh wrestles, swinging herself back and forth across the
text: blades. She looks up and sees that the supports of the
text: sewage pipe are beginning to give. She bucks and bucks
text: trying to pull down the pipe. Owen doesn’t like it, but he’s
text: working the crank.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: A POLICE CAR, sirens wailing, lights flashing, races through
text: a red light. Down the block, another one turns the corner,
text: speeding in the same direction.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: The Viewer counter shoots above 4,000,000. The group watches
text: as Marsh, squirming and fighting, is lowered closer to the
text: blades. As she violently bucks, dust falls from the
dialog: supports.
text: A LIGHTING-FAST MONTAGE OF WATCHERS, as groups of people
text: congregate in homes, college libraries, an Apple Store, an
text: Internet Cafe to watch the horror and excitement.
text: The counter spins faster and faster, 5,000,000, 5,500,000,
dialog: 6,000,000....
text: ON THE FINAL COMPUTER SCREEN, we see Marsh drop another few
text: inches, her hair wildly buffeted by the blades.
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: INT. BOX’S CAR -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Box speeds down the highway, siren wailing, light flashing.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S BASEMENT -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: As the Viewer counter shoots above 9,000,000, the top of
text: Marsh’s head is dropped just a few inches from the blade.
text: Her hair whips madly.
text: Growling with determination, she pulls herself up and down --
text: a swinging, vertical sit-up, trying to loosen the pipe
text: support. More dust falls from the ceiling.
text: Owen lifts the Taser to blast her one last time. Suddenly,
text: the lawn mower belches, falters, sputters. Owen, concerned,
text: hurries over to investigate.
text: The blades pick up speed again. Owen relaxes, but before he
text: can hit the Taser, Marsh swings into the frame, banging into
text: him, not enough to hurt him, but enough to knock him away.
text: Angry, he hits the Taser again.
text: As the counter reaches 10,000,000, Marsh spasms wildly and is
text: swung past the mower. The pipe-support breaks, sending Marsh
text: crashing to the floor in a shower of debris, just a foot from
text: the blades. The debris hits the blade and flies everywhere.
text: Owen backs away, shielding his eyes. He hits the Taser
text: again, but the probes have ripped from Marsh’s clothing.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Everyone watches as Marsh rolls, pulling her chained feet up
text: and through the cable on her wrists. Her hands are still
text: bound, but now they’re in front of her. She staggers out of
dialog: frame.
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Box roars down the block. At the end of the street, the
text: squad cars turn a corner and race toward him.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH'S BASEMENT -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Owen jams a new cartridge into his Taser and shoots. Marsh
text: ducks and the barbed probes hit the wall.
text: She turns her head, sees her Glock lying on the floor. She
text: makes a dash. Owen chases her with his Taser, which, because
text: its probes have been thrown, must be touched to her body.
text: Marsh falls to the floor and the gun slides away from her
dialog: grasp.
dialog: 113.
text: She lunges for it, just as Owen drives the Taser into the
text: back of her neck. She spasms, incapacitated, but somehow
text: manages to roll onto her back
text: Owen looks down at her. Frowns. Her paralyzed hands hold
text: the Glock. She whimpers, unable even to pull the trigger.
text: He smiles and reaches down for the gun. Ina burst of
text: agonized will and determination, she screams and shoots him
text: in the chest.
text: Owen staggers back, shocked more than anything else. In
text: terrible pain, she manages to pull the gag from her mouth--
speaker_heading: MARSH
dialog: Down on the floor! Get down!
text: Owen recovers a bit, then lunges forward. Marsh shoots him
text: over and over again, driving him back across the basement.
text: Owen trips over Marsh’s cat, spins around and lands, belly
text: down, with his full weight on the lawn mower blades. He
text: flops as the blades chew him up, flinging pieces of him in
dialog: every direction.
scene_heading: INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: The room reacts as their screens are splattered with Owen’s
text: blood and guts and bone and hair.
scene_heading: INT. MARSH’S BASEMENT -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT.
text: Marsh lies there, crying, soaked in gore, breathing hard.
text: She hears footsteps, turns with a gasp, eyes bugging, and
text: points her gun, but it’s Box, racing down the steps.
text: He freezes for a beat, when he sees the entrails splattered
text: everywhere, then he runs to her.
text: She whimpers, evades him, crawls to her feet, staggers over
text: and stops in front of Owen’s blinking camera.
text: Wrists still bound, she grabs her FBI badge and holds it up
text: to the camera.
text: She holds it there, eyes fierce and crazed, hands trembling.
text: Box kneels next to Marsh and tries to pull her away from the
text: camera, but she pushes him away. She doesn’t lower the
dialog: badge, won’t lower it.
speaker_heading: CAMERA’S VIDEO POV:
dialog: 114.
text: CLOSE ON the trembling FBI badge, with Marsh’s eyes blazing
text: fiercely behind it.
text: SMASH TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: MUSIC UP.
scene_heading: CREDITS ROLL.
dialog: 
