speaker_heading: STEM
dialog: Written by
dialog: Leigh Whannell
dialog: April 2013
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DUSK
text: A void of darkness consumes us. We PULL BACK from it, seeing
text: the void as a circular disc, set into a blue sphere.
text: It is an EYE.
text: We keep pulling back, revealing that the eye belongs to a
text: ruggedly handsome male face, dotted with grease, stubble and
text: sweat. This is GREY TRACE (28). Well built but not vain. A
text: quiet, blue collar guy. A man, not a boy.
text: He arches over, probing the carburetor of a mean looking V8
text: engine. The engine brays loudly as it idles. Grey fiddles
text: with the pistons, uncapping a hose then reconnecting it. We
text: REVEAL the car - a black 1978 Pontiac Firebird.
text: Grey dumps himself into the drivers seat. The car SCREAMS as
text: it is revved, then shudders to a croaking death as the
text: ignition is killed. Grey gets out of the car.
dialog: He is standing in your classic garage-turned-mancave. No
text: frills. A bar fridge, a tool bench, a dartboard. A boxing bag
text: hangs in one corner. Tinny riffs wail out from a transistor.
text: Parked next to the Firebird is a classic, two door Ford
text: Mustang Cobra in prime condition. Grey shuts the hood to the
text: Firebird, surveys it. His masterwork.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: (serious; to the Firebird)
dialog: I love you. Is that weird?
text: He opens the bar fridge and swipes out a beer, gropes for a
text: bottle opener. Can’t find it. He gives up, smacks the cap on
text: the edge of the bench. The whole neck of the bottle shatters.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT'D)
dialog: shit.
text: Grey considers...then holds the shards of what’s left of the
text: bottle to his mouth, chugging the remains and tossing it.
text: He checks his watch - 5:58 PM. He thumbs a button on the wall
text: and the garage door whirs upwards.
scene_heading: EXT. GREY’S HOUSE - DUSK
text: Grey steps out onto his driveway.
text: His home sits on a busy road. Sleek, futuristic cars streak
text: past - NONE OF THEM MAKING ANY SOUND. Each car is absolutely
text: silent as it glides past Grey’s house.
text: We look out over the city beyond the road. The sun dips below
text: a futuristic skyline that yawns out in front of us, a
text: phosphorus ocean of lights.
text: Glass towers spear towards the clouds, raised freeways curving
text: around them. A HOLOGRAM billboard blinks in the sky,
text: advertising some sort of contact lens. A giant eye looks down.
text: Grey glares out at the city. Dwarfed by it. Overwhelmed by
text: it. He checks his watch again - 6 PM.
text: One of the sleek, silent cars pulls up right in front of him.
text: The door opens. The car is automated. There is a steering
text: wheel, but the car is driving itself. A large computer
text: display on the dash indicates the route.
text: Inside are a man and a woman, laughing and talking as though
text: riding the subway, dressed in business attire. The woman is
text: ASHA TRACE (29), a beautiful brunette. The man is ROSS
text: HANDLEY (25). He lives to work and his rapid-fire banter is
text: unequalled.
speaker_heading: HANDLEY
dialog: (to Grey)
dialog: Here he is. The only real man I
dialog: know. About the only thing we have
dialog: in common is teeth.
text: Grey half smiles. Doesn’t like Handley.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Trust me, she wears the pants.
speaker_heading: HANDLEY
dialog: I wish she would. That skirt is
text: very distracting.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Do you have an off button?
speaker_heading: HANDLEY
dialog: You could never turn me off. Don’t
dialog: forget the presentation tomorrow
dialog: morning for the board.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Damn it, I left my notes at the
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: HANDLEY
dialog: That'll teach you for handwriting.
dialog: Join the modern world. Bye.
text: The door closes and the car takes off.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: At least in a real car he’d have to
text: keep his eyes on the road.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Oh, don’t worry about Handley. He
dialog: crunches numbers for a living so
dialog: that’s his approach to women. If he
dialog: hits on everyone, mathematical law
dialog: dictates that someone will say yes
dialog: eventually.
text: She kisses him.
speaker_heading: ASHA (CONT'D)
dialog: Working hard I see, judging by the
dialog: beer on your breath.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Actually...I was working hard. I
text: just finished the Firebird.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I gotta drop it off to the guy
dialog: tonight. He’s obsessed with me
dialog: being on time. He’s kinda nuts.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Have fun.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You're coming with me.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: What? Why?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: How else am I gonna get home?
text: Asha sighs.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Okay.
text: Grey grins and pulls her in tight.
speaker_heading: ASHA (CONT'D)
dialog: No don’t, you’ll get grease on me!
text: They laugh as Asha wriggles to break free.
scene_heading: EXT. ERON KEEN’S MANSION - NIGHT
text: Grey steers the Firebird up to a guardhouse and gate in front
text: of a looming Victorian mansion. A low belch of thunder peals.
text: Asha is behind Grey in her self-driving car. A bored, beefy
text: guard steps up to the Firebird.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Grey Trace, here to deliver this
dialog: car to Eron.
speaker_heading: GUARD
text: Drive past the scanner slowly.
text: Grey rolls the car past a large device like a camera lens,
text: mounted to the guard box. A laser projecting out of it passes
text: over the Firebird from front to back. A light flashes green.
speaker_heading: GUARD (CONT'D)
dialog: You're good to go.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT DOOR, ERON KEEN’S MANSION - NIGHT
text: A heavy oak door towers over Asha and Grey.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: What are we waiting for?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: It's gotta be eight exactly before I
dialog: can...forget it, just go with me.
dialog: (beat)
text: By the way, he kind of butts in
dialog: when you talk to him. Don’t let it
dialog: get to you.
text: They stand there for a long beat, then Grey depresses the
text: doorbell. The door opens straight away, before the doorbell
text: has even finished, revealing ERON KEEN (27), a baby-faced
dialog: young billionaire with no patience for anyone not on his
dialog: wavelength. He has a dry sense of humor and hates that you
text: think he has Aspergers. He is wearing an ill-fitting suit.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: That was fast.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Yes I was standing here waiting is
dialog: this your wife?
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Ah, yes. I’m his wife. Asha. Hi.
text: He doesn’t offer his hand. Speaks very quickly.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Come inside to eat dinner.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Ah...we’d love to stay, but we --
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: The dinner’s already been prepared,
dialog: it’s ready now if you don’t eat it
dialog: then it’s wasted.
text: Grey turns to Asha, then back to Eron.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Okay then. Bottoms up.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, ERON KEEN’S MANSION - NIGHT
text: Eron leads the befuddled pair down a long corridor. He is
text: walking much quicker than they are.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Nice suit. I didn’t think of you --
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: I don’t have people over very often
dialog: so I thought I’d dress for it.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: It’s a beautiful house.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Thank you I find it a little
dialog: antiseptic I swear I’m not a
dialog: germaphobe. I can’t stand that. A
dialog: cliche of the wealthy. Why do only
dialog: rich people suffer that? You’1l
dialog: never meet a poor germaphobe.
dialog: He whisks them into --
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, ERON KEEN’S MANSION - CONTINUOUS
text: -- a large ornate dining room. Eron takes his place quickly
text: and the second he does, the table opens up in front of him
text: and a plate of food rises out of it.
text: When Grey and Asha sit, the same happens with them. Eron is
text: already eating.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Grey tells me you work at the
dialog: company Cobolt.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Uh...yes. Yes, I do. I’ve been --
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Your company specializes in
dialog: prosthetic limbs. That’s a very
dialog: interesting subject to me.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: No, that’s wrong. Two. I said two.
text: Grey is perplexed.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What’s that?
text: Eron points to his ear. He’s having a phone conversation.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: I know what I said, I said it.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: (to Grey)
text: He’s on the phone.
text: Eron plucks a tiny black earpiece out of his ear, frustrated,
text: dropping it into a glass of wine.
speaker_heading: ASHA (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh...so you collect old cars?
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: I’m fascinated by the exterior
dialog: aesthetic of the period which we’ve
dialog: still not managed to match since
dialog: then, even with all our
dialog: technological advances. My life’s
dialog: work is about taking something
text: timeless and built with care, like
dialog: that car or this house, and then
dialog: retrofitting it with the most up to
dialog: date system. State of the art
text: technology with a classic skin.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Wait...so you’re gonna rip the
dialog: engine out?
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Eventually. Not right away. I want
dialog: to study how it works.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Seems a shame to get rid of...
text: Asha glares at Grey to drop it. Eron finishes eating.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: I’1l1 show you what would replace
dialog: it. Let’s go to my factory.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: We really can’t go anywhere else --
speaker_heading: ERON
text: It’s on the property right behind
dialog: the house. I don’t like to leave
dialog: the grounds. We'll be very quick.
scene_heading: EXT. ERON KEEN’S MANSION/ENTRANCE TO VESSEL FACTORY - NIGHT
text: Eron guides them through a set of doors onto the rear grounds
text: of the property. Indeed, perched right behind the house is
text: another house, of similar stature.
text: Eron steps up to a FACE SCAN at the door of the second house.
text: It lasers his face, imprints it, then allows him inside.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Grey and Asha follow Eron down a darkened corridor. On either
text: side they catch glimpses into stark white laboratories, all
text: containing sophisticated equipment.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: This is the worldwide headquarters
dialog: and research lab of my company,
dialog: Vessel.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE ROOM, VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Eron opens a door and Grey and Asha step into a large and
text: starkly empty white room. He strides to a safe door set into
text: the wall opposite them.
text: He stabs a long entry code into a keypad, keeping it hidden.
text: The safe door opens with a hum. Inside are four thin prongs,
text: holding in place a microchip the size of a fingernail.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: This chip represents my present and
dialog: the rest of the world’s future.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: What does it do?
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Literally anything.
text: We see the computer chips POV - encompassing the whole room.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Really? So this thing can make
dialog: babies and play football? Wow.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: It can drive anything, talk to any
dialog: piece of equipment, calculate
dialog: anything. It’s a new, better brain.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: You look at that widget and see the
dialog: future. I see ten guys on an
dialog: unemployment line.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: (getting testy)
dialog: It’s about efficiency. I’m sure
dialog: when the car was invented there
dialog: were people in the horse and cart
dialog: business who felt they were being
dialog: urinated on.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Yeah, I’ve tasted the piss shower
dialog: myself. My job used to be drivin’ a
dialog: freight crane, until one day they
dialog: decided a computer could do it
dialog: better. Twenty of us replaced
dialog: overnight, by something like that
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Grey...
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: It’s hard for a human to compete
text: with a computer. They don’t take
dialog: sick days. They don’t need weekends
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: They also can’t have a beer with
dialog: you at the end of the week.
text: The conversation has gone sour. Eron closes the safe.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: We should get back now.
scene_heading: INT. ASHA’S CAR - NIGHT - MOVING
text: Asha’s car is driving itself. Rain spatters the windshield.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: You didn’t have to say all that.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: He brought it up.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: You didn’t have to take the bait.
text: Grey stares at the steering wheel for the car, turning
text: languidly on its own.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I was always a good driver. Always
dialog: loved cars.
text: He reaches up and absently runs his fingers over the steering
text: wheel. The car’s computer chirps in a neutral pleasant voice.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Please do not touch the steering
text: wheel while the car is in motion.
text: Grey sits back.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What am I gonna do when his
dialog: microchip is running the world?
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
text: Arriving at Cobolt.
text: The car purrs to a halt outside a city skyscraper.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: I'll be back in two seconds, I’ve
dialog: just gotta grab my notes.
text: She exits, leaving Grey to stew alone.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Would you like the air-conditioning
dialog: adjusted, Grey?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Did you say shut down?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Would you like the air-conditioning
dialog: adjusted, Grey?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Fuck off.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t know that command.
text: Grey steps out of the car.
scene_heading: EXT. ASHA’S CAR - NIGHT
text: Grey waits in the rain rather than put up with the car. He
text: peers off down the darkened street, glistening with water.
text: The road is desolate - save for one parked car. Hidden in
text: shadow a block or so down.
text: Grey sees a lighter spark inside the vehicle, revealing two
text: silhouettes.
text: Asha dashes out of the main doors of her building.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: What are you doing? You'll get
dialog: pneumonia. Get in!
scene_heading: INT. ASHA’S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT
text: The directional read out blips as the car plows through the
text: drizzle. Asha rests her head on Grey’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Eron’s not wrong, you know?
dialog: Sometimes technology can improve
dialog: our lives. Make things more fun.
dialog: 11.
text: She let’s the straps of her dress fall off her shoulders,
text: pulling it down and revealing her strapless bra.
text: Grey laughs and kisses her. They undo their seat belts and
text: start to make love, lying back. The car turns right.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
text: Leaving 101 freeway.
scene_heading: EXT. ASHA’S CAR - NIGHT - MOVING
text: The car takes a freeway exit.
scene_heading: INT. ASHA’S CAR - NIGHT - MOVING
text: The navigation readout on the dashboard blips again. Asha and
text: Grey are too preoccupied to notice. Her foot kicks a high heel
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (0.S.)
text: Turning left at Hayden.
text: The streetlights become less sporadic, the buildings around
text: them more dilapidated. An obviously blighted area.
text: Grey raises his head, curious.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Wait...where are we?
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Just let it do its thing.
text: She yanks him back down, breathless. Grey shakes free.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Wait a second, honey...
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Just relax.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: This is not right.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: It’s probably taking us a back way.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No, I know this neighborhood. I
dialog: grew up here. We’re nowhere near
dialog: our house.
dialog: 12.
text: Asha sits up, frustrated. Grey taps the electronic display on
dialog: the dash.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: How do you turn this thing around?
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Select our address.
text: Grey pecks at the screen. Slow and cumbersome.
speaker_heading: ASHA (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me do it.
text: With practiced dexterity, Asha selects their home address
text: from a menu bar. The screen beeps at her.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: ASHA
text: Return to the freeway. Destination
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: I'm sorry, I cannot.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Stop. Stop the car now.
speaker_heading: ASHA
text: Press the brake twice.
text: Grey does - but it makes no difference.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
text: Turning right.
text: The car jerks into a hard right turn, throwing Asha against
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Jesus!
text: Enraged, Grey pumps the brake.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: God damn it! Stop, stop now!
text: The car suddenly lurches up to a high speed, racing towards
dialog: 120 miles per hour.
dialog: 13.
text: The steering wheel wrenches into a hard turn, the car fish-
text: tailing around a corner, flinging Grey and Asha around
dialog: inside.
text: Another turn whiplashes them. The car is at 130mph now. They
text: HURTLE towards a CONSTRUCTION SITE. 140...160...
text: Grey grips the seat head, wrapping a seat belt around Asha
text: and snapping it into the buckle only seconds before --
scene_heading: EXT. DESOLATE STREET - NIGHT
text: -- the front left wheel hits a pylon and LAUNCHES the car
dialog: into the AIR.
text: For a second it arcs silently through the night air, spinning
text: upside down...before WALLOPING DOWN onto the road with the
text: sickening sound of metal on gravel.
text: Finally, it grinds to a halt, headlights still stabbing out
text: at construction equipment.
scene_heading: INT. ASHA’S CAR - NIGHT
text: Grey blinks, blood dribbling down his forehead. He’s a mess,
text: twisted. Their bodies are suspended upside down in the car.
text: Asha is okay, saved by the seatbelt.
text: They hear a car pull up next to theirs. From their view, the
text: doors open and FOUR PAIRS OF BOOTS clamber out.
text: One of the figures stoops down, peering in through the
text: shattered windows at them. He is wearing a black SKI-MASK.
text: He waves at them. Let’s call him WIRY MAN.
speaker_heading: WIRY MAN
dialog: You can’t hang around in a bad
dialog: neighborhood like this, guys.
text: He laughs and reaches in, grabbing Asha and hauling her out
text: across the beads of glass into the street.
scene_heading: EXT. DESOLATE STREET - NIGHT
text: The rain slicked streets are vacant, framed by shuttered
text: store fronts.
dialog: 14.
text: Grey's battered body is dragged from the car by the other
text: three men. Twitchy drug addicts. They are also wearing ski-
dialog: masks.
text: Asha is moved away by the Wiry Man. She covers her breasts,
text: shivering. The Wiry Man looks her up and down, grinning. He
text: speaks with a southern accent.
speaker_heading: WIRY MAN
dialog: Damn...what were you guys in the
dialog: middle of?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Take my wallet, you can have it,
dialog: just leave us alone. Please.
text: The Wiry Man ignores him, steps up to Asha, touching her
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: WIRY MAN
dialog: This might have to be a double
dialog: felony, darlin’.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Don’t touch her!
text: Grey charges forward. The assailant with the gun WHIPS him
text: across the face with the butt and he melts into a puddle.
text: Blood dribbles down his forehead. He turns to look up at his
text: attacker, spotting a TATTOO inked into his neck below his ski-
dialog: mask.
text: The Wiry Man chuckles, watching.
scene_heading: ASSAILANT WITH GUN
dialog: (to Wiry Man)
dialog: Let’s just take their wallets and
dialog: go!
text: During the distraction, Asha whispers to herself.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: 911...
text: WE ZOOM IN on Asha’s ear, finding a tiny chip resting in her
text: ear hole, like an ear piece. We get close enough to it that
dialog: we hear what she hears.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: 911 emergency.
text: Asha doesn’t speak at first. Finally whispers:
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Help...
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (from her ear)
dialog: I’m sorry you'll have to speak up.
speaker_heading: ASHA
dialog: Help me...
speaker_heading: WIRY MAN
dialog: Who the hell are you talking to?
dialog: You got one of them phones?
text: He grabs her by the throat, flicking out a knife.
speaker_heading: WIRY MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s do some surgery.
text: He presses the blade into her ear, picking it out. She
text: screams and BELTS him across the face as hard as she can,
dialog: which isn’t very hard.
text: Grey scrambles to his feet, just as the Wiry Man pushes Asha
text: away. We see a MUZZLE BLAST go off directly in her face.
speaker_heading: GREY
speaker_heading: NOOO0000N! !!!
text: Grey BOLTS at the Wiry Man, teeth gritted in fury. The second
text: assailant TACKLES Grey and they smash onto the road,
text: wrestling, almost touching Asha’s crumpled body.
text: Grey PUNCHES the second assailant in the head, grabbing his
dialog: arm. BLAM!
text: The gun goes off into Grey’s shoulder.
text: The Wiry Man kicks the second assailant out of the way,
text: straddling Grey's back, then plunges his knife down into
text: Grey's back, right below the neck. Grey SCREAMS in pain.
text: The Wiry Man fishes Grey’s wallet out of his pocket, then
text: barrels into his car with the others. It is not a self-
text: driving car - it is an ‘older model’. The car roars to life
text: and SCREECHES away.
scene_heading: INT. WIRY MAN'S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Behind the wheel, the Wiry Man rips off his ski-mask,
text: revealing a sharp, gaunt face.
text: The other three attackers follow suit and remove their masks.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: WIRY MAN
dialog: (to the gun assailant)
dialog: You nearly fucked that all up.
scene_heading: EXT. DESOLATE STREET - NIGHT
text: Grey lies motionless, the rain hitting him. He struggles to
text: move his hand, reaching for Asha’s hand, mere inches away.
text: His fingers will not move. His body will not move. He glares
text: at his hand, willing it to do something.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No...no...
text: Asha chokes, struggling to breathe. Then she stops.
text: Sobbing, Grey looks up at a TRAFFIC CAMERA mounted to a light
text: pole, pointed down at him.
text: A siren blares in the distance.
text: From GREY'S POV - rain pours down...the sound fading...a
text: paramedic leans into view, shouting - but we can’t hear it.
text: A female detective, Hispanic, asks silent questions.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. GREY’S HOUSE - MORNING
text: A hospital transport vehicle for wheelchair-bound patients
text: slows to a halt outside Grey’s house.
text: NURSE CAITLYN (28) disembarks as the back door opens and a
text: wheelchair ramp whirs downwards, resting on the asphalt.
text: A chair rolls forward, the figure slumped in it blinking in
dialog: the light.
dialog: It is Grey.
text: He jerks his head against the padded cone encircling his head
text: - the only part of his body he can move - and the wheelchair
text: turns in the direction his head moves. It is remotely
text: operated by the movement of his head against the pads.
speaker_heading: NURSE CAITLYN
dialog: There’s a lot of stuff your
dialog: insurance company installed that I
dialog: need to go through with you.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, GREY’S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Nurse Caitlyn gestures to the computer screen interface that
text: controls Grey’s sleek, chrome kitchen. We see her giving him
dialog: silent instructions on how to use it.
text: Grey's face is blank, lost in his own head. He finally snaps
text: out of it, hearing the smiling nurse’s closing argument.
speaker_heading: NURSE CAITLYN
dialog: This machine is your best friend.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, GREY’S HOUSE - LATER
text: Grey is alone now, staring up at the computer screen.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Good morning, Grey. Good to see
dialog: you. Would you like anything?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Omelette.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Of course, Grey. How is Asha?
text: Upon Grey’s words, two eggs stored in a cold storage tube
text: roll down a chute in the refrigerator and are drained into a
text: pan below it, hissing as they hit the hot plate.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, GREY’S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Grey is lying prostrate on a bed, completely immobile, clad in
text: a T-shirt and boxers, wide awake.
text: A framed photo of Asha sits beside his bed on top of a large
text: machine that monitors Grey’s vitals.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I’m awake.
text: His bed JOLTS upon the sound of his voice and whirs upwards
text: until the top half is vertical. The bottom half folds,
text: supporting Grey’s legs. The bed is actually his WHEELCHAIR.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Morphine.
text: A robotic limb extends from the machine, injecting Grey’s arm.
dialog: 18.
text: He closes his eyes as the narcotics surge into his veins,
text: sucking in a deep breath.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, GREY’S HOUSE - DAY
text: An arm extends from Grey's chair, spoon-feeding him scrambled
text: eggs. We hear the front door open off-screen. A woman enters.
text: This is PAMELA (60), Grey’s mother.
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: Morning, honey.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Hey mom.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, GREY’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Pamela dresses Grey, pulling his jeans over his legs for him.
text: She slips socks on his feet, then a pair of sneakers. Grey
text: stares straight ahead, suffering the humiliation of it.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, GREY'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Grey is slumped in his chair. Impotent. Stagnant.
speaker_heading: PAMELA (0.S.)
dialog: Honey, Detective Cortez is here.
text: He jerks his head and the wheelchair rotates to face the
text: door. He seems energized by the arrival of the police.
text: A female detective enters the room, JANE CORTEZ (30). She’s
dialog: reserved in that way all homicide detectives are.(She is the
dialog: Hispanic cop Grey saw the night he was shot.)
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Hello detective.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: It’s great to see you outside of
dialog: the hospital. How are you feeling?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Oh, you know. I used to have a
dialog: really bad habit of biting my
dialog: fingernails. I can’t do that
dialog: anymore. So it’s not all bad.
text: Pamela hustles out of the room, leaving them alone.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: So...what do you have for me?
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, GREY’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Cortez steps back from the screen on the wall, which splits
text: into FOUR SEPARATE CAMERA ANGLES OF HIS WIFE’S MURDER.
text: Grey studies the images - silent, spooky. The frame rate in
text: each of them has been reduced, and Grey watches the four
text: assailants surround him and Asha in flickering slow motion.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: There were four different ST
dialog: cameras recording the incident
dialog: involving you and your wife on
text: 10/21. Studying them reveals that
dialog: the attackers headed south on
dialog: Parker after the --
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You guys have these computers hidden
text: everywhere. In every corner of the
dialog: city. Watching us, recording us. So
dialog: you can tell me exactly who these
dialog: guys are and where they live by
dialog: reading the microchips in their
dialog: fillings. Right?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: You're right. Something like ninety
dialog: two per cent of the citizens
dialog: currently living in this city have
dialog: medical or cosmetic implants that
dialog: would allow us to track them. And
dialog: it would appear that your attackers
dialog: did too.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: So who are they?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: It...would also appear that they
dialog: had some sort of firewall built
text: around their chip. A blocking
text: screen that makes it next to
dialog: impossible to glean any data.
dialog: 20.
text: Grey looks away, shaking his head. Boiling.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s very common for criminals to
dialog: have firewalls like this installed.
dialog: Hackers will do it, a back room
dialog: job. A thousand dollars effectively
dialog: gets you taken off the grid.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: So you got nothin’?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Not right now. Nothing concrete.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: So what you’re telling me is that
dialog: you've built this police state that
dialog: tracks all of us - except the
dialog: bastards you need to go after.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: That’s not the way we're going to
dialog: catch these guys. I’m a detective
dialog: and I still believe in old
dialog: fashioned detective work...even if
dialog: I’m the last person who does. That
dialog: means patient elimination of leads
dialog: and small victories. I’m not
text: sitting at a computer, I’m down in
dialog: that neighborhood, knocking on
dialog: doors. I’ve conducted interviews
dialog: with several people of interest,
dialog: but so far --
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: They didn’t live in that
dialog: neighborhood, I know that. This
dialog: wasn’t some random robbery, they
dialog: fucked with our car. They took over
dialog: the computer in it. You think some
dialog: gangbanger shithead can do that?!
text: Pamela enters, alarmed by the shouting. She stays at the back
dialog: of the room.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: I know it’s frustrating. You have
dialog: to let me do it my way and
dialog: concentrate on your own recovery. I
dialog: need you to save your strength for
dialog: that fight.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: There is no fight. I’m never going
dialog: to recover - it’s a permanent
dialog: spinal injury.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Don’t say that. You gotta keep your
dialog: spirit up. Doctor’s are capable of
dialog: amazing things.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Just because I can’t tie my own
dialog: shoes anymore doesn’t mean you have
dialog: to lie to me like I’m a god damn
dialog: three year old.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: I'm sorry, Grey. I wish I had better
dialog: news for you regarding the case.
text: Cortez gathers her things and leaves. Pam closes the door.
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: She’s on your side.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Can you leave too, please?
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: I need to be here. To take care of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No. You don’t. I have machines to
dialog: do that. There’s nothing you can do
dialog: that they can’t. Please leave.
text: He turns his chair away from her. Pamela stays where she is
text: minute, then approaches him. She wraps her arms around him.
text: At first he resists...then rests his head on her shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, GREY’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Grey lies in bed, his own body weighing him down. He glares
text: at the photo of Asha, tears in his eyes.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Morphine.
text: The robot arm connected to his bed extends, injecting Grey.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Morphine.
dialog: 22.
text: The robot arm injects him again.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Morphine.
text: The robot arm complies.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Again.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: I cannot supply any more morphine.
text: The arm moves to Grey’s face. When it is close enough, Grey
text: rips the needle from the robots grip with his teeth, jamming
text: it into his sternum.
text: He eases back, overcome by the drug.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, GREY’S HOUSE - NIGHT - LATER
text: The machine besides his bed suddenly PINGS loudly, sounding
text: an ALARM. Red light washes over Grey as lights on the machine
text: sparks to life. The scream of a siren takes us into --
scene_heading: EXT. ST. VINCENT’S HOSPITAL - DAY - ESTABLISHING
text: -- a large building downtown. A hybrid of old and new.
scene_heading: INT. GREY’S ROOM, ST. VINCENT’S HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Grey is splayed across a gurney, staring through the window.
text: His mother sits at the end of the bed, eyes red with tears.
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: All of us are going to die one day,
dialog: Grey. Please give me a chance to
dialog: help you find hope before I do.
text: A tall figure appears at the doorway to Grey’s room, dressed
text: in a black suit, carrying a very thin briefcase. This is
text: NIKOLAI (43), a humorless Russian man.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Someone to speak with you.
text: Grey is perplexed. Pamela rises, gathering herself.
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: I'll go to the cafeteria.
dialog: 23.
text: She leaves and Nikolai enters, gruffly setting up the
text: briefcase at the end of Grey’s bed. He snaps it open to
text: reveal a crystal hi-def display screen. He moves over to Grey
text: and props his head up to view it, rearranging his pillows.
text: Eron’s face appears on the screen.
speaker_heading: ERON (ON SCREEN)
dialog: It must be frustrating for a man like
dialog: you to let someone else do that.
text: Grey stares at the screen, surprised by Eron’s appearance.
speaker_heading: ERON (CONT’D)
dialog: You're somebody who liked to get
dialog: things done with your own hands and
dialog: now you can’t. Am I being too
dialog: blunt?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: It’s okay. I like blunt. Every day
dialog: for the past few months, I’ve been
dialog: drowned in positivity. That’s the
dialog: thing about becoming a quadriplegic
dialog: - all the assholes of the world
dialog: disappear. Everybody becomes the
dialog: very best version of themselves
dialog: around you.
speaker_heading: ERON (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Your condition gives people
dialog: clarity. They see your struggle and
dialog: they realize they've spent their
dialog: lives griping about meaningless
dialog: bullshit.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I shouldn’t be an inspiration to
dialog: anybody. When there’s no more
dialog: assholes left in the world, you
text: quickly become the last one.
speaker_heading: ERON (ON SCREEN)
dialog: I hear from the doctor that a
dialog: computer saved you.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No, it didn’t. All it did was keep
dialog: me alive. Letting me die would have
dialog: been saving me. And when I get home,
dialog: I’m gonna turn the computer off and
dialog: get it right.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: ERON (ON SCREEN)
dialog: (awkwardly grasping for
dialog: light)
dialog: I spoke to Detective Cortez, the
dialog: lead detective in your wife’s case.
dialog: She said they had some promising
dialog: suspects.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: People of interest. That’s the
dialog: words she used. They don’t have any
dialog: suspects.
speaker_heading: ERON (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Grey, what if I told you I could
dialog: offer you something that would
dialog: allow you to walk again? Would that
dialog: count as good news?
text: Grey is silent. That’s permission to continue.
speaker_heading: ERON (CONT’D)
dialog: That computer I showed you, the one
dialog: you took a dislike to. It has the
dialog: potential to change everything for
dialog: people in your condition.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Your little computer is gonna teach
dialog: me how to walk?
speaker_heading: ERON (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Actually it would do the walking
dialog: for you. It would be inserted into
dialog: your brain stem. As a quadriplegic,
dialog: the line connecting your brain to
dialog: your limbs has been cut. This chip
dialog: would bridge that gap and talk to
dialog: your limbs for you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They say it’s not ready for human
dialog: testing yet. That’s what certain
dialog: people tell me. I know it is.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You think after all this...after
dialog: everything...I’m going to let you
dialog: put one of your computers inside
dialog: me? That computerized car we were
dialog: driving in is the reason I’m here.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: ERON (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Yes, I do. Because I’m talking with
dialog: someone who just told me they can’t
dialog: wait to get home and give up on
dialog: everything. I need someone who’s
dialog: willing to bet their life that this
dialog: will work, just like I would.
dialog: Someone who can keep a secret from
dialog: everyone they know and in doing so,
dialog: make the world a better place. This
dialog: chip has potential not just for
dialog: spinal injuries, but for injuries
dialog: of all kinds.
text: A long beat. Grey stares at Eron, taking it in.
speaker_heading: ERON (CONT’D)
dialog: The operation would have to be
dialog: performed at Vessel. No hospitals.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: So who would cut me open? You?
speaker_heading: ERON (ON SCREEN)
dialog: No. The best surgical robot in the
dialog: world. If it goes wrong, it could
dialog: kill you. If it goes right, you
dialog: won’t just walk again, Grey. You’1l
dialog: run.
scene_heading: EXT. VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - ESTABLISHING - DAY
text: The Victorian mansion that houses Vessel looms over us.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATING THEATRE, VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: An arched and austere OR.
text: Grey lies on his stomach, out cold, strapped onto a chrome
text: operating slab. The table rotates on the end of a ball-
text: jointed gimbal that allows him to face in any direction.
text: Eron and a young woman, DR. DIANA GORDON (33), stand at the
text: back of the room, glaring at a row of large DSP monitors.
text: The fluorescent lights on the ceiling go out, leaving only a
text: pair of surgical lights. With stunning clarity, a huge
text: PHOTOREALISTIC HOLOGRAM OF UV LIGHT fills the room,
text: surrounding Grey. The image is of the INSIDE OF HIS NECK. His
text: entire vertebral body can be seen in three dimensions.
text: Two ROBOT ARMS extend from the wall, hovering over Grey.
dialog: 26.
text: Eron holds up a glass tube with gloved hands. Inside the tube
text: is a small black computer chip, the size of a fingernail. It
dialog: is the same chip we saw in Eron’s safe.
dialog: 
text: He frisks across the room, placing the tube in the fingers of
text: one of the ROBOT ARMS.
text: The hologram image of Grey’s neck appears on the
text: front of the doctors. Dr. Gordon uses a scalpel,
text: line across the top of Grey’s neck on the screen.
text: The robot arms begin to perform the procedure as
text: the surgeon with a laser.
text: IN TIME LAPSE - we see the painstaking operation.
text: tendons are cut away to reveal Grey’s brain stem
dialog: screen in
dialog: drawing a
dialog: indicated by
dialog: Muscle and
text: -- one of the arms inserts the computer chip into his neck --
text: the clock ticks -- Grey is rotated on the slab -- the robot
text: arms begin to sew him back up.
scene_heading: INT. POST-OP RECOVERY UNIT, VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Groggy. Grey’s eye’s peel open, blinking in the white light.
text: He is lying on a gurney. His head is shaved. Eron and two
text: other technicians are staring at him, along with
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: It’s going to feel strange
dialog: initially. The neural pathways in
dialog: your brain are now trying to have a
dialog: conversation with a foreign body,
dialog: and if it’s successful, that
dialog: conversation will move your limbs.
dialog: We need to take it in stages and
dialog: not expect grand leaps while your
text: brain learns to pass the baton,
dialog: essentially.
text: Grey nods. The doctor pushes on his legs.
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you feel anything?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: Could you try moving your little
dialog: finger on your right hand?
dialog: Dr. Gordon.
text: Grey glares down at it. Willing it to move. Nothing.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON (CONT'D)
dialog: My guess is that this is going to
dialog: be a piecemeal process.
text: She turns to face Eron.
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON (CONT'D)
dialog: You shouldn’t be expecting
dialog: unreasonable results so soon.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Please don’t talk. Let him
dialog: concentrate.
text: CLOSE ON Grey. His eyes drill his hand.
text: Then, from nowhere, a VOICE. The voice is calm and very well
text: spoken. A clearer, more human voice than any of the computer
dialog: voices Grey has encountered before.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: Fingers moving.
text: Then it happens. Grey's finger moves. It curls inward. The
text: other fingers follow and make a complete fist.
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: With this technology, the key is to
dialog: let it grow into itself. Never
dialog: before has a bio-mechanical fusion
dialog: been asked to do so much.
text: As she says this, Grey raises his right arm above his head.
text: The doctor wheels around and sees him. Her mouth drops open.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Now your other arm.
text: Grey glares at his other arm, concentrating.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: Arm moving.
text: His left arm raises very slowly and shakily.
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: This is...definitely unexpected.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Yes doctor, the ‘Department Of Lame
dialog: Ways To Summarize World Changing
text: Events’ is down the hall to the
dialog: left. Thank you for your time.
dialog: 28.
text: Grey lowers his arm, totally amazed. Eron approaches, intense.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Arm down.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Can you hear that voice? Every time
text: I move my arm, I hear a voice
dialog: telling it what to do.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: That’s Stem. I told you, you may
dialog: hear his voice sometimes when he
dialog: talks to your nervous system.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Stem?
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: That’s what I call him.
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
text: His limbs have atrophied, no one
dialog: should expect him to be running
text: marathons just yet.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: I don’t expect anything in this
dialog: world, doctor, other than the
dialog: deflating negativity of the medical
dialog: profession.
scene_heading: EXT. GREY’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Grey’s mother Pam pulls up in her automated vehicle. She
text: clambers out of the car, ambling toward the front door,
text: lugging a bag of groceries.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, GREY'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Pamela shuffles inside, plopping the grocery bag on the glass
text: dining table. Grey is slumped in his wheelchair in the living
text: room. He turns the chair to face her.
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: Hi honey. I got you some of that
dialog: mango you like.
text: She absentmindedly unpacks the groceries.
speaker_heading: PAMELA (CONT'D)
dialog: How did your rehab treatment go?
dialog: 29.
text: As she says this, Grey grips the sides of his wheelchair and
text: STANDS UP. His legs wobble as he does, still unsteady on his
text: feet. He takes a tentative step towards her, using two
text: walking sticks.
speaker_heading: PAMELA (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you --
text: She turns to him, clutching a bag of mangoes. She FREEZES
text: when she sees him, her words failing her, her mouth wide
text: open. The mangoes drop to the floor, rolling across the wood.
text: Grey takes another step. A tear runs down Pam’s face.
text: Finally Grey reaches her, letting the crutches fall and
text: wrapping his arms around her. She hugs him back, crying into
text: his shoulder.
speaker_heading: PAMELA (CONT'D)
dialog: How did you...how did this...?
text: Grey stands back from her, smiling. Joyous.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I just couldn’t sit in that chair
dialog: anymore.
text: Pamela laughs and they hug again,
scene_heading: INT. REHABILITATION GYM, VESSEL HEADQUARTERS - LATER
text: Grey holds himself up on a pair of bars, his legs dangling
text: above a MOVING TREADMILL. The belt moves at a good pace and
text: Grey is tentative. A baby taking his first steps.
text: He dips his leg down, lifting it again. Apprehensive.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: You can do it.
text: He lowers his toes again, getting the speed of the belt under
text: his feet. Then he let’s go of the bars.
text: He falls instantly, SLAMMING down onto the treadmill. Eron
text: and a female tech rush over, helping him up.
speaker_heading: ERON (CONT’D)
dialog: Take a deep breath, focus and keep
dialog: your eyes on this.
text: He tacks a photo of ASHA onto the front of the treadmill.
text: Grey eyes him, resents the tactic. He clambers back onto it.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Turn it on.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: (to his tech)
dialog: Do it.
text: The belt on the treadmill whirs. Grey lowers his feet to it.
text: They touch...and then they take.
text: Grey is running. His angry determination melts into a WIDE
text: GRIN. For the first time in a long time, he is happy.
scene_heading: EXT. SKYSCRAPER - DAY
text: Grey is dangling twenty stories above the city scape, his
text: arms tremoring as he strains to hold on to a ledge.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Hold on.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM, VESSEL HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Eron is gaping with wonder and fear at a LARGE SCREEN. On it,
text: he can see Grey, dangling from the ledge of the building.
scene_heading: EXT. SKYSCRAPER - DAY
text: Grey sucks in a breath. Veins line his arms, pushed to their
text: limits. Finally he can no longer hold on - he slips!
text: He drops only a few feet before hitting a solid floor --
text: -- at which point, the 3D holographic image of the city
text: BLINKS AND DISAPPEARS, revealing that we are actually in --
scene_heading: INT. SIMULATION ROOM, VESSEL HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: -- a spare white room.
text: Grey looks up at the wall opposite. Eron is looking in at him
text: through a large VIEWING WINDOW. Grey is now his creation.
text: Eron steps away from the window and strides into the room.
speaker_heading: ERON
text: A twenty story fall to a bloody
dialog: death will motivate anybody.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I was always afraid of heights.
dialog: It’s amazing how your brain gets
dialog: convinced it’s real.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Now you have two brains working for
dialog: you. One more than anyone else in
dialog: the whole world has.
dialog: (beat; with pride)
dialog: State of the art technology with a
dialog: classic skin.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: So who is moving my arms and legs?
dialog: Is it me or the computer? Am I --
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: It’s both, Stem works in service of
dialog: your brain. You give Stem a command
dialog: and he makes it happen. He's
dialog: programmed to respond only to your
dialog: thoughts.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Eron, I want you to know how
dialog: thankful I am. To you.
text: Eron turns to go.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: That’s my cue to leave before you
dialog: try to hug me or something. And
dialog: don’t thank me, I’m exploiting your
dialog: limbs for my own research purposes.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You could've picked anyone though.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: No, I couldn't have. You were the
dialog: only quadriplegic I knew.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, GREY’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Grey enters his house on his own two feet for the first time
text: in a long time. He is carrying a large cardboard box marked
speaker_heading: CASE 103331.
text: He sets the box down and cleaves the drapes open, sunlight
text: drenching the room and highlighting an active sea of dust.
dialog: 32.
text: IN MONTAGE - we see shots of Grey examining the CRIME SCENE
text: PHOTOS of his wife’s murder taped to the walls, along with
text: NEWSPAPER ARTICLES and WITNESS STATEMENTS.
text: Grey grows increasingly exasperated as he pores over the
text: documents, struggling to focus.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, GREY’S HOUSE - LATER
text: Grey stares at a small bottle of morphine. He stabs a syringe
text: into it, drawing out a full shot. The needle hovers over his
text: vein. He moves to push the tip in but the needle stops.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What the fuck?
text: His hand won't budge.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Grey is shocked to hear the question. Sits back.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Are you talking to me?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Yes. There is no one else I can
dialog: talk to.
text: A long, shocked beat.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I asked what you were doing.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Taking medicine.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Aren’t you concerned about the long
dialog: term effects of using morphine?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No. I’m in pain. I need it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I should ask you why my hand isn’t
dialog: moving?
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I was simply concerned that you
dialog: were harming yourself, Grey.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Well, I’m not. The opposite. I’m
dialog: helping myself.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What’s hurting me is hearing a
dialog: voice in my head like I’m a schizo,
dialog: that’s what’s hurting me.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I’m sorry. I won’t speak anymore
dialog: unless absolutely necessary.
text: Grey stares down at his hand. It moves again, depressing the
text: plunger into his vein. He relaxes back as the drugs release..
text: ...swiftly falling into a DEEP SLEEP.
text: INT.
dialog: Grey
dialog: both
speaker_heading: Eron
scene_heading: PROTOTYPE TESTING ROOM, VESSEL HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: stands in front of Eron, reaching for the ceiling with
text: arms, distracted. Something is clearly on his mind.
text: is hunched over a handheld computer tablet, displaying
text: an infrared image of Grey’s body, and checking off answers.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: No pain, no slowness?
text: Grey takes a long beat to answer.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: What about response times? When you
dialog: ask your arm to move, have you ever
dialog: had a delayed movement? Come on, I
dialog: need answers.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Not yet. Not that I can remember.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: How about when you wake up?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: How long is this trial period?
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Another two, three months. This is
dialog: a crucial stage for us.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Eron...I want to ask you something.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: This voice I’m hearing...it does
dialog: more than just repeat simple
text: commands. It’s talking to me.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: What do you mean ‘talking to you’?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: It knows my name. It tells me when
dialog: it thinks I’m doing something wrong.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Stem can’t do that.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: It’s a voice in my head, Eron. That
dialog: no one else can hear. If you’re
dialog: telling me Stem can’t do that, that
dialog: means I’m insane.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, GREY’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The room is a mess. Grey studies the various reports, pacing.
text: The video of his wife’s murder plays on the wall once again.
text: Timecode digits tick across the bottom of the screen.
text: Grey suddenly hurls the papers in frustration.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: God damn it!!
text: He collapses onto his knees. A long beat of silence. Then:
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Can’t you see it?
text: Grey looks up, taken by surprise.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Can’t you see what’s right in front
dialog: of you?
text: Grey pauses, afraid and curious at once.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: On the tape.
text: Grey hoists himself up, shuffling over to the television.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: Freeze it at 01:52:16:33.
text: Grey slows the image down. He pauses the image at the
text: specified timecode - the EXACT moment when the Wiry Man fires
text: the gun into Asha’s head.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: The gun.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: There is no gun in his hand.
speaker_heading: GREY
text: He had a gun. She was shot.
speaker_heading: STEM
text: She was shot - but not with a gun
text: he was holding in his hand. A gun
text: implanted inside his hand.
text: Grey leans in close to the image.
text: He sees that the muzzle flash licks out of the Wiry Man’s
text: hand, but that it appears to be coming straight from his
dialog: palm.
dialog: 36.
text: Grey trembles, shaken to the bone by the fact that a voice in
text: his own head is questioning everything he thought he knew.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: They also took Asha’s work papers.
dialog: You can see it in the left of
dialog: frame.
text: Grey leans in again, watching the jerky image of one of the
text: assailants squat down and retrieve a blurred object from
text: Asha’s car.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Why would they take her papers? How
dialog: do you know that?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I’ve been reading the police
dialog: reports with you.
text: Grey is stunned.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: There is a marking on the wrist of
text: the man who takes the papers.
text: Grey squints at the figure on the left of the screen. The
text: image is far too washed out to see anything but a slight
text: black dot on his wrist.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I can't see it.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Get closer.
text: Grey obeys. FROM HIS POV - the screen enlarges as we CLOSE IN
text: on it, the pixels bleeding outwards and becoming huge. The
text: dots within dots that comprise the image become images
text: themselves - we are now INSIDE the screen itself.
text: The marking on the assailants wrist takes shape - a TATTOO.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Get a pen and paper. Draw it.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I can’t draw.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I can.
dialog: 37.
text: OUT OF POV - an astonished Grey races to the coffee table,
text: plucking up a notepad and pen. He watches as his hand stabs
text: at the paper - the quick strokes of a skilled illustrator.
text: Within seconds, he has sketched out a perfect BARCODE.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I’ve seen these...it’s a military
dialog: tattoo. A guy who used to drive
dialog: cranes with me has one on his
dialog: wrist.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I will read it. Hold it in front of
dialog: your eye.
text: Grey holds the barcode up in front of his eye.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
scene_heading: Brantner. Serk. Marine Corps. 098-
dialog: 422. O-Positive. Catholic.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Jesus...you just...you just found
dialog: this guy.
text: Grey races to the glass table at the center of the room.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT'D)
dialog: on.
text: The computer blazes to life across the glass.
speaker_heading: MONOTONE COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: All clear. Good evening, Grey. How
dialog: was your day?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: It just got a lot better. I need a
dialog: phone number and an address.
dialog: Brantner, S. Los Angeles area.
text: The screen turns white, searching through a long list of
text: phone numbers - finally narrowing it down to one.
speaker_heading: MONOTONE COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Brantner, S. 414 Citrus, Boyle
text: Heights. 919 821 8484.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Boyle Heights. I got you, you son
dialog: of a bitch!
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: MONOTONE COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Would you like me to call it?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Call Detective Cortez.
speaker_heading: MONOTONE COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Would you like me to call the Jane
dialog: Cortez listed in your contacts,
dialog: Grey?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Yes. I would.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Why are you calling her?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: So I can tell her we found him.
text: The sound of a phone trills from the table, on loudspeaker.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: So that she can let him get away?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Hang up the call.
text: The sound of the phone ceases. Grey sits in silence.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s her job to catch these guys.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Having a job does not make you good
dialog: at it. We have done more in five
dialog: minutes than she did in months of
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I...just think that...we need to at
dialog: least tell her that --
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Why did you have me inserted?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: So I could walk again.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Why did you have me inserted?
text: A long, long beat.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: So I could find them.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: You need to be positive it’s him
dialog: before you take any further action.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAY
text: Upper middle class neighborhood. Manicured lawns. Aspirations
dialog: of real wealth.
text: Grey lurks behind a street sign. It reads CITRUS AVE. He is
text: spying across the road at a nice, white house - number 414.
text: He chews his fingernails, nervous.
text: A lone male exits the house, locking up. He jumps into a self-
text: driving car parked in the drive. A model similar to Asha’s.
text: The man is stocky. Dark hair. Is it one of the attackers?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Remember the license plate.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I've logged it already.
text: The car rolls past.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Stay in a straight line when you
text: cross the street. There are two
dialog: security cameras on this street. If
dialog: you stay on this line, you remain
text: in their blind spot.
text: Grey hustles across the street. We FOLLOW HIM to the FRONT
text: DOOR of the house.
text: Grey squats down and jerks on the door handle. Locked.
text: He knocks on the door. He waits, glancing around for
text: onlookers. He knocks again, hard and loud. No answer.
text: He retrieves a lock picking wrench and a paper clip from his
text: jacket. He slides the wrench in, working the paper clip and
dialog: jimmying the lock. No good.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Damn it.
dialog: His efforts produce nothing.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Will you allow me to do it, Grey?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You want to pick the lock without
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Only with your permission.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Okay.
text: And then, with sudden and precise dexterity, Grey’s hands
text: move up and pick the lock. Grey watches his hands as if they
text: were someone else’s, detached from them.
text: The lock CLICKS.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY, CITRUS AVE. HOUSE - DAY
text: Grey crouches inside. An ALARM pings instantly, counting down.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Stay calm. The keypad. Open it.
text: Grey rips open a KEY PAD on the wall beside the door. With
text: nimble expert fingers, he disconnects two wires, re-tying
text: them. The alarm ceases.
text: Grey exhales. He replaces the face of the key-pad and treads
dialog: stealthily into the --
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
dialog: This is not the home of a street rat. Clean. Sparse.
text: Grey moves past the walls, free of photos and art. There is a
text: wrapped American flag in a glass case and a military medal.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, CITRUS AVE. HOUSE - DAY
text: Grey stalks into the kitchen. Sorts through mail - all of it
text: addressed to SERK BRANTNER. He hauls out a power bill.
text: He spots an ashtray next to two cartons of CUBANO CIGARETTES.
text: There are six different matchbooks for a bar named THE LAST
text: CALL piled in the ashtray. He pockets one of them.
text: He keeps moving to a glass table.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: On.
text: A computer screen image materializes on the glass surface. A
text: password prompt blinks at him.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN BEDROOM, CITRUS AVE HOUSE - DAY
text: Grey opens the closet, sorting through racks of clothes. He
text: finds a framed photo of a man in a military outfit.
text: SUDDENLY - a noise interrupts.
text: THE LOCK IS JIGGLING ON THE FRONT DOOR. SOMEONE IS ENTERING.
dialog: 
text: Grey shoves the photo back into the closet, sprints out of
dialog: the room.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, CITRUS AVE. HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Grey panics, drawing deep breaths.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: Behind the door.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY/LIVING ROOM, CITRUS AVE HOUSE - DAY
text: Grey launches into a hiding spot behind the front door.
text: It opens slowly. A figure enters. This is SERK (32). He
text: furrows his brow when the alarm doesn’t peal. Inspects it.
speaker_heading: SERK
dialog: What the hell?
text: Grey is behind the door, holding his breath. Serk turns away
text: from it and closes the door. Grey is right behind him.
text: Serk scans the living room. Suspicious. All is quiet.
text: Grey's chest rises and falls. A bead of sweat dribbles down
text: his forehead. He glances down - sees the BARCODE tattoo
text: stamped on Serk’s wrist. On his NECK, Grey sees the GANG
text: TATTOO he saw the night of Asha’s murder.
text: RAGE darkens Grey’s face. He raises his hands to attack Serk.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: (calm, neutral)
dialog: Wait.
dialog: 42.
text: Grey’s heart pounds. We hear it. Serk surveys the house.
text: He steps forward. As he does, he glances at the GLASS CASE
text: containing the American flag. WE ZOOM IN to it - reflected in
text: the glass is the silhouette of GREY.
text: Serk calmly places his car key on a coffee table -- and then
text: SPINS AND LUNGES at Grey with a warcry!
text: His hands wrap around Grey’s throat. Grey claws at Serk’s
text: fingers, choking.
speaker_heading: SERK
dialog: Who the fuck are you?!
text: Shock bleeds into his eyes as he realizes who this is.
speaker_heading: SERK (CONT’D)
dialog: Holy shit...you.
text: Serk SLAMS Grey against the wall, burning with fury.
speaker_heading: SERK (CONT'D)
dialog: You shouldn't be walking. Let me
dialog: get you a chair.
text: He digs his fingers into Grey’s thorax, driving him to his
text: knees with ease. Grey is losing consciousness, fighting back
text: with hits too weak to stop Serk.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: May I take over, Grey?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Fine!
text: And with that, Grey spears his arms up between Serk’s and
text: smashes them outwards. Serk falls forward and is greeted by a
text: VICIOUS HEADBUTT from Grey.
text: Serk staggers backwards, shaken. Dazed. Blood in his nose.
text: He launches himself at Grey, barraging him with a flurry of
text: quick blows. Each blow is EXPERTLY BLOCKED by Grey and the
text: two of them grapple across the room into the --
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, CITRUS AVE. HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: -- large kitchen area. Serk keeps upping his game, kneeing
text: Grey in the ribs, then topping that with an elbow.
dialog: 43.
text: Grey grunts as he is hit, but effectively counters with blows
text: of his own. Serk HAMMERS his right arm down - which is caught
dialog: by Grey.
text: Grey picks Serk up and hurls him, jujitsu style, across the
text: kitchen island, taking pots and pans with him.
text: Serk SLAMS into the far wall, then hits the ground. He vaults
text: to his feet instantly. He holds up his right arm and a BLADE
text: SHEARS OUT OF THE SKIN IN HIS WRIST.
dialog: 
text: Grey readies - his expression of fear belies his sudden
text: physical prowess. As if he didn’t know how he was doing it.
text: Serk shears the air with the arm-blade, swiping at Grey. Then
text: another swipe, this one slashing Grey’s arm. Grey contracts
text: his stomach and ducks as Serk whips the blade back and forth.
text: Grey clamps Serk’s wrist, stopping the blade inches from his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: SERK
dialog: Okay, no more chairs. Let me get
dialog: you a box.
text: Serk DRIVES the knife down, the blade penetrating Grey's
text: shoulder. Grey CRIES OUT - then he SPINS Serk around, using
text: his own arm to cut Serk’s throat.
text: The blade sinks into the soft flesh, an arc of blood
text: ribboning out onto the floor.
text: Grey twists the blade and Serk SHUDDERS, clutching his throat
text: in befuddlement. Gargling “What the fuck?” through his own
dialog: blood.
text: The blade RETRACTS into his arm and Serk drops silently. A
text: professional would be proud of this kill. Grey looms over
text: him, shaking.
text: SERK IS AKIMBO ON THE FLOOR, A CRIMSON POND HALOING HIS HEAD.
text: Grey turns and vomits violently into the sink. Breathes hard,
text: trying to keep from fainting.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I’ve gotta call Cortez. I’1l
dialog: explain it...I can prove this guy
dialog: is one of them. She’ll understand.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: No. Here’s what you’re going to do.
dialog: You are going to remove any traces
dialog: of your presence here. And quickly.
dialog: 44,
text: Grey glares down at his shirt. It is covered in Serk’s blood.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Give me a minute.
text: He finally pushes himself up from the sink, squinting down at
text: Serk’s corpse.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: One minute has now passed. Start by
dialog: cleaning the --
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I didn’t mean one fucking minute, I
dialog: meant...just give me a second.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: One second has now passed.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Just shut up! I need to think. Not
dialog: let you do the thinking for me.
text: He scans around, pacing. Panicked. Shaking.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Jesus...I just cut somebody's
dialog: throat.
text: Grey’s arm reaches into his back pocket, pinching something
text: out. It’s a piece of paper. Grey’s hands unfold it. It is the
text: photo of Asha from beside Grey’s bed.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: It’s not just ‘somebody’s’ throat.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: When did you put this in my pocket?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: This morning.
text: Grey glares at his smiling wife. His breathing slows, his
text: shaking subsides. He has calmed. A quiet determination now.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Alright, what do you suggest?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I would suggest that we rid the
dialog: house of all of your fingerprints.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I can’t remember everything I --
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I have a record of every single
dialog: thing you touched.
text: This stops Grey short. Calms him somehow.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: First take your shoes off and wrap
text: them in plastic.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS ROOMS, CITRUS AVE HOUSE - DAY
text: IN MONTAGE - we see RAPID SHOTS of Grey cleaning with a rag,
text: wiping the walls down, wearing dish-washing gloves -- he
text: wipes the face of the key-pad --
text: He moves to the KITCHEN - running the sink -- wiping down the
text: counter top - snatches up the mail he handled, drops it into
text: a bag with his shoes -- we see TWO GARBAGE BAGS wrapped
text: around his feet. THEY ARE INTERRUPTED BY A NOISE. A doorbell.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I’m not killing anyone else today.
text: Grey starts for the back door, then backs up and snatches up
text: a pack of cigarettes from Serk’s counter.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND HOUSE - TWILIGHT
text: Grey leaps over the back fence, a cap pulled over his eyes.
text: As he paces up the alley, carrying the plastic bag containing
text: all the evidence, he hears a shrill SCREAM coming from within
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: EXT. CITRUS AVE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Crime scene tape ropes off the area. The street hums with
text: police. Floodlights wash the area with harsh light.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, CITRUS AVE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Explosions of flash photography light the room. Forensics
text: officers mill about above Serk’s corpse, sweat dotting their
text: furrowed brows. They are all wearing special UV goggles.
dialog: 46.
text: Detective Cortez strolls in. A young detective, SCOTT BRENNAN
text: (25), scrambles in after her, following her like a lap dog.
text: Has a slight crush on her. A huge one, actually. Awkward guy.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
text: Girlfriend comes over, knocks on
text: the door, no answer. She calls his
text: phone, he doesn’t pick up so she
text: comes in and finds his body.
text: He offers her a pair of the techie goggles. She waves them
text: off and takes out a notebook and pencil instead. He throws
text: his own pair of goggles aside, mimicking her.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I cannot believe you still use a
dialog: notebook. You look like a cop in
dialog: one of those corny old movies.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: I actually think those old movies
dialog: are much better than the ones they
dialog: make today.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So what does this crime scene tell
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: It tells me...you’ve got great
dialog: eyes.
text: Cortez snaps her fingers in his face.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Let’s go Don Juan, the first forty
text: eight is ticking away rapidly here.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: No forced entry, no fingerprints in
dialog: the whole place that aren’t his or
dialog: the girlfriends, so --
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Right. So it’s not an impulsive
dialog: crime of passion. He was killed by
dialog: someone who knows him and knew what
dialog: they were doing when it came to
text: cutting someone’s throat.
text: Cortez strolls around the kitchen, taking notes as she goes.
text: She moves to the sink. The cabinets below it are open.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
text: It looks like someone pulled out a
dialog: few things.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Gloves to clean up the scene?
text: She moves to another kitchen cabinet - opening it to reveal
text: THREE CARTONS of Cubano cigarettes. She stands up, bending
text: over and sniffing the sink grate.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: You smell something?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
text: Smells like somebody puked.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: You've got a great nose too.
text: Cortez turns to face Serk’s body, locking eyes with it.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: So why does a man we interviewed in
dialog: relation to the murder of Asha
dialog: Trace suddenly end up dead?
scene_heading: INT. SIMULATION ROOM, VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Grey is running on a treadmill. Eron watches him from behind
text: the pane of the observation room.
text: Grey seems detached, irritated. Eron’s voice chimes in
text: through a microphone system.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Okay, that’s enough for today.
text: Grey quickly stops running, dismounting the treadmill.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I need some more morphine.
text: Grey tries the door of the simulation room. It doesn’t open.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Open up.
text: Eron stares at Grey through the glass. Doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Open the door, Eron.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: I can track you, Grey.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: I can track you.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What does that mean in English?
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: It means you have a piece of my
dialog: property inside you. A very
dialog: expensive piece of my property,
dialog: built by me over many years. A
dialog: microchip that could ease suffering
dialog: around the world. Did you think I
dialog: was going to let the piece of flesh
dialog: that surrounds that microchip out
dialog: of my sight for one second?
text: Grey tenses.
speaker_heading: ERON (CONT’D)
dialog: This morning I saw a news report
dialog: about a murder at a home in Boyle
dialog: Heights. Happened yesterday, around
dialog: lunchtime.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know you’re the one who did it. I
dialog: watched you go to that house on a
dialog: tracking screen. I know every move
dialog: you make.
text: Eron holds up a tablet computer screen. On it, a small dot
text: pulses on a GPS map of the city.
speaker_heading: ERON (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you realize that this operation
dialog: has been done in secret? That if
dialog: even the slightest thing goes wrong
dialog: during this trial period, it’s all
dialog: over? Did it occur to you that if
dialog: you were to, say, commit murder,
dialog: the authorities could find out
dialog: about Stem and remove him from your
dialog: body, putting you back in a
dialog: wheelchair for life?
text: The two men stare at each other, locked in a stand-off.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: He was one of the guys who killed
dialog: Asha, Eron.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: So why didn’t you call the police?!
dialog: I’ve worked my whole life for this
dialog: and you're sticking your fucking
dialog: fist in it!
text: He thumps the glass, enraged.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What are you gonna do?
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: I’ve been thinking about the answer
dialog: to that question all morning.
dialog: Prepared myself a speech.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I am going to open that door and
dialog: you are going to go home and carry
dialog: on with your life as if everything
dialog: was dandy. From now on, you will be
dialog: a model patient. You won’t so much
dialog: as jaywalk or litter a sidewalk
dialog: until the end of this trial period.
dialog: And no one but you and I will ever
dialog: know where you were that day.
scene_heading: EXT. CORONERS OFFICE - ESTABLISHING - DAY
text: A grand, imposing brick building, built in the early nineteen
text: hundreds, updated by modern additions of glass.
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM, CORONERS OFFICE - DAY
text: Ceiling lamps throw intermittent pools of light into this
text: sterile cavern of death.
text: An Indian coroner, DR. BHATIA (43), leads Detective Cortez to
text: Serk’s body.
text: His corpse is displayed on a morgue slab, his skin peeled
text: open in various sections, a surgical floodlight highlighting
dialog: every detail.
text: Dr. Bhatia arches over the cadaver, prodding it with a
dialog: scalpel.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: DR. BHATIA
dialog: When I examined the wound in his
dialog: throat, I found wiring embedded in
dialog: the tendons. So I’m thinking
text: surgery. A medical implant,
text: attached to the muscle. I follow
dialog: the wire’s path...all the way to
dialog: the arm.
text: He turns the arm over. It has been flayed open with tweezers.
text: Cortez sees it - metal. Living within the bed of bone and
text: muscle is the RETRACTABLE BLADE we saw earlier.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: DR. BHATIA
dialog: Some sort of weapon implant,
text: embedded within the muscle.
text: Cortez leans in close.
speaker_heading: DR. BHATIA (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s more. I found computer
text: implants all throughout his entire
dialog: body. I’ve never seen anything to
text: this extent before. In his arms,
dialog: legs, stomach.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: What about the vomit sample we
dialog: scraped from the sink?
text: Bhatia moves over to a table, plucking up a sample jar.
speaker_heading: DR. BHATIA
dialog: Food remnants - egg, mushroom -
dialog: fingernail fragments - we pulled
text: particles of engine grease from
dialog: them. And the drug morphine in the
dialog: blood.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE ROOM, POLICE STATION - DAY
text: Cortez hunches over a desk, facing two large panes of glass.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: ST cameras, 414 Citrus Avenue,
dialog: Boyle Heights. Sixteenth of
dialog: October, three PM.
dialog: 51.
text: IMAGES shimmer to life on the panes of glass. Security camera
text: images similar to the footage of Asha’s murder. This time,
text: they display locked off shots of Serk’s house.
text: Cortez uses her hand to wipe through the images, a TIMECODE
text: counter at the bottom of the screen flickering forward.
text: Grey is nowhere to be seen in the video. Cortez is perplexed.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Alley behind Citrus Ave, same day,
dialog: three PM.
text: The screens morph into a shot of the ALLEY WAY behind Serk’s
text: house. Cortez whips through the footage. Then, at 4.14 PM,
text: she sees it.
text: A dark figure, cap pulled low, exiting the alley at the
text: bottom corner of the screen. Cortez studies the blurred
dialog: figure. Is it Grey?
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, GREY’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Grey paces madly, smoking a cigarette. Sweating.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Smoking-related diseases kill one
dialog: in ten adults globally.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Yeah, well, prison can kill you
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Seven hundred and forty three
dialog: adults per one hundred thousand
dialog: will be sent to prison in the US. A
dialog: much lower rate than the rate for
dialog: smoking related deaths.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Shut the fuck up.
text: Grey moves to a desk, opening a drawer. His needle and a vial
text: or morphine awaits. He plucks both out.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: This is not a wise decision, Grey.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Well, I’m the one making the
dialog: decisions so too bad.
dialog: 52.
text: A knock at the door interrupts. Grey whirls, apprehensive.
text: He stashes the morphine, then darts to the door, grabbing
text: crutches on the way.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ (0.S.)
dialog: It’s Jane.
text: He opens the door a fraction. Cortez smiles, genuinely
text: overwhelmed to see Grey standing.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Wow. It takes a moment like this to
dialog: realize that the simple act of
text: opening a door is a miracle. Alabad
dialog: a Dios. It’s good to see you, Grey.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You too, Detective.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: I heard you were walking again. I
dialog: wanted to see it for myself.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Here I am. Pure willpower. I’m
dialog: still on crutches, but...it’s a
dialog: start.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: It’s amazing is what it is.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Come in.
text: He guides her inside.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: I guess you’re biting your
dialog: fingernails again?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: You told me it was a bad habit you
dialog: used to have.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Oh yeah.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: It’s the little things we take for
dialog: granted. You can work on your car
dialog: again. You can hug people.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Yeah, well, the person I want to
dialog: hold most isn’t here anymore.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Yes. I know. I wanted to talk about
dialog: that. I think...we may have some new
dialog: information. Enough to reopen the
dialog: case. I wasn’t going to let it go.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Do you want a coffee?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: No, I’m fine.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: It’s no problem. This damn machine
dialog: in the kitchen makes great coffee,
dialog: I'll give it that.
text: He hops out. Cortez looks around. She spots the smoldering
text: cigarette in an ashtray. Next to the ashtray is a pack of
text: Serk’s Cubano cigarettes. Cortez FREEZES on them.
speaker_heading: GREY (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Milk? Sugar?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Straight black, thanks.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, GREY’S HOUSE - SAME TIME
text: Grey limps over to the kitchen counter. He looks back,
text: spotting Cortez through the doorway.
text: He sees that she has spotted the cigarettes. His face drops.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, GREY’S HOUSE - SAME TIME
text: Cortez turns around. GREY IS STANDING RIGHT BEHIND HER.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Grey...don’t --
dialog: 54.
text: Before she can say anything more, he is upon her. With expert
text: skill and without his crutches, he disarms her and flips her
text: onto her back, WHIPPING her cuffs off her belt and clamping
text: them around her wrists in one quick SNAP.
text: The movement is so fluid that she is on the floor within
dialog: seconds.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Grey, don’t do this, I’m here to
dialog: help you, I’m --
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Shut up. I don’t know what you
dialog: think you know but I can’t let you
dialog: stop me.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: This vigilante shit isn’t going to
dialog: achieve a god damned thing.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Actually, it’s all I have to live
dialog: for.
text: He swipes the syringe and morphine from the drawer, then
text: exits in a hurry. Cortez rolls over, barking into a small
text: computer unit clipped to her belt.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Downtown 41, this is Cortez.
dialog: Officer in need of assistance!
scene_heading: INT. GREY’S GARAGE - NIGHT
text: A side door explodes open. Grey sprints to his Mustang.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: No. The license plate is traceable.
dialog: Logged by traffic cameras. You’1l
dialog: have to run.
text: And so Grey does, opening the garage door and disappearing
text: into the night. Cortez stumbles out of the house, her cuffs
text: still around her wrists.
text: She moves to the Mustang, squatting down and reading the
text: plates. She jabbers into the computer on her belt.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Last point of destination, vehicle
text: number 4431-TMF.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Point of destination logged, Vessel
text: Computers, 817 Wilshire.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET, RED LIGHT DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: Ghost-like trails of steam rise up from sewer grates, past
text: piles of trash and graffiti streaked buildings.
text: Grey books it down the street, skittish, whip-lashing his
text: head around at the slightest noise.
text: A passing car BLASTS it’s horn. Grey flinches violently,
text: nerves fried. A homeless transient glances up from his
text: makeshift camp, babbling to himself.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN
dialog: ...I mean, you can’t talk to me
dialog: like that, I work hard....no I do
dialog: not respect you....shut up then!
text: Grey claws through his pocket, extracting the syringe.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Where’s the god damned morphine?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where is it?!
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Clearly you left it behind in your
dialog: hurry, Grey.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No, I didn’t! What did you do with
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I can’t answer that, Grey.
text: Grey keeps moving, reaching the end of the street. A neon
text: sign looms above him - THE LAST CALL. He takes the matchbook
text: he lifted from Serk’s house out of his pocket. It’s the same
text: name in the same font.
text: He scans around, seeing a shadowy male figure lounging in a
text: WHEELCHAIR in a recessed doorway. A second man approaches him
text: and there is a smooth, surreptitious exchange between them.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: We are here. Let’s go inside.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No. Not yet.
dialog: 56.
text: Grey hustles across the street, fishing for cash. The shadowy
text: male figure sits up, suspicious. He is AFRICAN AMERICAN, 24.
speaker_heading: DRUG DEALER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Do you have...
speaker_heading: DRUG DEALER
dialog: Look motherfucker, I may be ina
dialog: wheelchair but I’ve got a cold
dialog: piece of machinery on me that makes
dialog: me a straight killer.
text: He reaches into a sleeve on the wheelchair, pulling out a
text: gleaming Beretta handgun.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I just want to buy something...like
dialog: morphine. I have cash.
text: He shows the dealer a handful of cash. The dealer smiles.
speaker_heading: DRUG DEALER
dialog: I don’t got no morphine. I got
dialog: something a lot sweeter.
text: He holds out a vial and they make the exchange.
speaker_heading: DRUG DEALER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hope you packed your bags and
dialog: sunblock, boy. You goin’ on a trip.
scene_heading: INT. THE LAST CALL - NIGHT
text: This is not a hipster dive bar - it’s a dangerous, slummy
text: armpit wedged into the corner of a hotel.
text: Grey shuffles in, keeping his head down. A handful of people
text: who look pretty regular are scattered around the room. Grey
text: takes a seat at the bar. A gruff bartender raises an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: GREY
text: Whiskey, rocks thanks.
text: The bartender slings one over and walks away.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Cheers.
text: He takes a swig. It’s good. Strong.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Ask him if he knows Serk Brantner.
text: Grey mumbles into his chest, keeping his voice down.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You don’t know shit about people. A
dialog: guy like that doesn’t exactly
dialog: respond well to strangers asking
dialog: questions. Let me handle this.
text: He slugs the rest of the drink down.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: (to the bartender)
dialog: Another one thanks champ.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, I thought I’d seen the
dialog: last of the great bars like this.
text: The bartender smiles.
scene_heading: INT. CORTEZ’ CAR - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Cortez steers wildly, a uniformed officer next to her.
scene_heading: INT. PROTOTYPE TESTING ROOM, VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Eron is hunched at his desk. Staring into space. A voice
text: tones throughout the room.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: There is a police officer here to
dialog: see you, sir.
text: Before Eron can react, Cortez storms in.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: You have absolutely zero authority
dialog: to walk into this --
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: You put something inside Grey,
dialog: didn’t you?
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Don't bullshit me, Eron. He’s not
text: just up and walking, he’s disarming
text: cops like a Navy Seal.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Tell me your theory. I’1l be sure
dialog: to act appropriately impressed by
dialog: your powers of deduction.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: He was here today. I know that,
dialog: Eron. No one can do what he did
dialog: without a computer’s help. If
text: there’s something inside him, then
dialog: you can track him. I want to know
dialog: where he is.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Detective --
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: We're going to find him. And if we
dialog: do and he tells us something
dialog: different than you, I’m taking you
dialog: to jail. Where is he?
text: Eron looks like a rabbit in the headlights. He peers over
text: Cortez’ shoulder at a CAMERA pointed down at him. Watching.
scene_heading: INT. THE LAST CALL - NIGHT
text: The bartender leans over the bar, chatting and laughing with
text: Grey. Shot glasses are lined up in front of Grey.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I swear, they left my buddy on the
dialog: sidewalk! He picked the wrong damn
dialog: bar to have an issue with.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Yeah, you gotta be careful of
dialog: country joints. They’re friendly,
dialog: but if you push ‘em...
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: It’s actually no accident that I
dialog: found your gem of an establishment.
dialog: A man I served with used to drink
dialog: here. Serk. Serk Brantner.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Yeah. Knew him well. One of my
dialog: regulars. A lot of service guys
dialog: come here.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Well, I’m not sure if you know this
dialog: but I’ve got some unfortunate news.
dialog: He died.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: I watch the news. He was murdered.
dialog: Tell you the truth, I thought Serk
dialog: was indestructible. Got himself
text: shot up on a tour and walked right
text: out of the hospital.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: He was a tough bastard.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: He better be with all that shit
text: inside him.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What shit?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: All that metal. Computers and what
dialog: not.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Why did they do that to him?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: He volunteered for it. He was in
dialog: security. Said it made him a better
dialog: soldier.
text: The bartender steps away.
dialog: bathroom.
text: Grey gets up and heads for the
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM, THE LAST CALL - NIGHT
dialog: A filthy commode, fitting
text: red light-bulb washes the
text: Grey shoves into a toilet
text: the syringe into the vial
dialog: for the establishment it serves. A
text: grime and graffiti in a blood tint.
text: stall, closing the door. He stabs
dialog: the dealer gave him.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: No, Grey. These narcotics are
dialog: highly dangerous.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Jesus, you sound like a cop. I’ve
dialog: got a freaking cop living inside my
dialog: head.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: It does not make sense to me that
text: humans deliberately malfunction.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Of course it doesn’t to you. You’re
dialog: a machine. Your memory is filled
dialog: with one’s and zero’s - our memory
dialog: is filled with every fuck up and
dialog: mistake we've ever made. You can
dialog: erase your memory with the click of
dialog: a button. Ours can only be dulled
text: one night at a time.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: If you have a problem, calculate a
dialog: solution. A temporary distraction
dialog: does nothing to solve the problem.
text: Grey loads the needle and poises it at his forearm. His arm
text: does not move.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: If you don’t let me do this, I’m
dialog: gonna scream my ass off and make a
dialog: big scene and fuck this all up. Do
dialog: you want that?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: You are not thinking clearly.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Yes, I am.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: You are addicted.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No. I’m not. Do it now!
text: Grey stabs the needle into his arm. The plunger depresses.
text: CLOSE ON GREY’S EYE - the pupil dilates with a sudden rush.
text: Grey's breathing slows. FROM HIS POV - his vision BLURS, the
text: light bulb blossoming into an amorphous shape.
scene_heading: INT. THE LAST CALL - NIGHT
text: Grey staggers out of the bathroom, woozy. FROM GREY’S POV -
text: the rooms shifts shapes, swelling and deflating. Breathing.
text: Grey walks forward but it’s a wayward, loping step. As though
text: pushing through mud.
dialog: 61.
text: Stem’s voice has slowed to a dead battery drawl.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Grey....you...have...compromised...
dialog: us...
text: The bartender watches Grey, puzzled. Grey takes his seat at
dialog: the bar.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Your...brain...is giving me...
dialog: strange signals.
text: Grey cracks up laughing.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: That’s the point.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Point of what?
text: A phone bleats and the bartender steps away. He listens, then
text: turns back to Grey, confused.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s for you.
text: He hands the phone to Grey - an old fashioned landline.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: ERON (V.O.)
dialog: (from phone)
dialog: Having fun? Because they’re
dialog: probably surrounding that place
dialog: right about now, I’d say.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Who is?
speaker_heading: ERON (V.O.)
dialog: (from phone)
dialog: You can put a computer into a
dialog: mechanic but you can’t take the
dialog: moron out. If you want to go off
dialog: the grid so you can’t be tracked,
dialog: go to an apartment building at
dialog: Seventh and Spring. Apartment two
dialog: twelve. Ask for Jonah. It’1ll be
dialog: expensive, but right now your flesh
dialog: is worth about ninety million
dialog: dollars, so maybe you could give
text: him a few pounds of it.
dialog: 62.
text: Eron hangs up. Grey drops the phone, woozy on his feet, then
text: scrambles to the bathroom door.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LAST CALL - NIGHT
text: Two police cruisers pull up. Six officers, including Cortez
text: and Brennan, pile out. Cortez is gripping Eron’s tablet
text: computer screen. A circle representing Grey pulses on the GPS.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: You take the back, Brennan. Do not
dialog: shoot him. I want a clean arrest.
text: Brennan and another officer head for the back alley. Cortez
text: and the other officers stride in formation towards the door.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM, THE LAST CALL - DAY
text: Grey staggers to the sink, glaring into the mirror.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I...told...you...not...to do it.
text: He wraps his hand in a huge bundle of paper towels and smacks
text: it against the window, shattering it.
text: He clears the glass, leveraging up onto the frame.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Grey plummets down onto a pile of trash, landing clumsily. He
dialog: is in no condition to fight.
text: He turns and heads for the mouth of the alley. Brennan rounds
text: the corner, gun out in front of him.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: Freeze! Hold it! Do not move.
text: Grey doesn’t respond. Too stoned.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I...will...have to...save...you.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: Put your hands behind your head and
dialog: get down on your knees!
text: Grey lowers his head, out cold. Though his eyes are closed,
text: he stays on his feet and his hands rise into the air.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Down on your knees, now!
text: Grey complies. The other officer charges in behind Grey,
text: shoving him onto his stomach.
text: The second officer drops a knee onto Grey’s back, unhooking
text: his handcuffs. As he moves to clamp them on Grey’s wrists,
text: there is a sudden EXPLOSION of action.
text: Grey SEIZES the cop’s wrist, rolling over and SMACKING HIM in
text: the face, then whipping out his gun and firing one clean shot
text: into the cops gut. As he does all this, his EYES ARE CLOSED.
text: Grey spins as Brennan points his gun. Using the second officer
text: as a shield, he rises to one knee and aims at Brennan.
speaker_heading: BLAM!
text: Brennan is struck, crumples instantly. The sound startles
text: Grey. His eyes flutter open, regaining consciousness.
text: He blinks and looks around. There are two dead cops laying on
text: the dirty concrete around him.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: (groggy )
dialog: What the hell happened?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: They were...trying...to kill you.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You shot two cops...
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: No Grey...I saved your life.
text: Grey staggers to his feet. He jams his fingers down his
text: throat, vomiting into a trash can, then runs for it.
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM, CORONERS OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Dr. Bhatia is hunched over his desk, doing the bulk of his
dialog: work: filling out reports.
text: A man strolls into the room. It is the WIRY MAN. From now on,
dialog: we will call him FISK. He is all southern drawl and charm,
text: chewing on gum.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: ‘Scuse me sir, are you lookin’
text: after the body of the man who was
dialog: killed in Boyle Heights yesterday?
speaker_heading: DR. BHATIA
dialog: That’s a criminal case under active
dialog: investigation. Are you a friend or
dialog: relative?
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: Yeah. A friend. I can tell you who
dialog: the victim is...and a lot more
dialog: about him. If you so desire.
text: Fisk takes a seat in front of Bhatia’s desk.
speaker_heading: DR. BHATIA
dialog: Then the detectives involved will
dialog: be very interested to hear from
dialog: you. Let me call them down here.
dialog: What’s your name?
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: People call me Fisk.
text: Dr. Bhatia reaches for the phone. As he does, Fisk SNEEZES.
speaker_heading: FISK (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘Scuse me.
text: He covers his mouth with a handkerchief. We ZOOM IN to a
text: MICROSCOPIC LEVEL, exploring the tiny particles Fisk ejected
text: with his sneeze.
text: We get CLOSER still, seeing that the microbes are in fact
text: MECHANICAL - nanobots invisible to the human eye.
text: The nanobots gather into a cloud, flocking like birds, moving
text: through the atmosphere as Dr. Bhatia breathes in.
text: We are now so close that the nanobots look like space
text: stations. Cutting devices detach from their sides as they are
text: sucked into Dr. Bhatia’s nostrils.
text: OUTSIDE MICROSCOPIC VIEW - Dr. Bhatia holds the phone against
text: his ear. He twitches, screwing up his nose as if he inhaled
text: an irritant.
text: He clears his throat, dialing the phone.
speaker_heading: DR. BHATIA
dialog: Give me one second.
dialog: 65.
text: He twitches again, then scratches his throat. The pain grows
text: and he drops the phone, suddenly consumed by agony. He
text: clutches his temples as if he were having a stroke.
text: Fisk watches, smiling.
text: Bhatia lets out a croak, spittle flying from his mouth. A
text: drop of blood dribbles out of his nose and he arcs onto the
text: floor. His legs spasm.
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: I'll bet you didn’t think your life
dialog: was gonna end today when you woke
dialog: up this morning.
text: Fisk waits until he stops kicking, then casually plucks out
text: his gum and plants it on a framed photo of Dr. Bhatia with
text: his two young daughters. He wanders over to the corpse of his
text: cohort, now covered by a sheet.
text: He wrenches the sheet back, then breathes forcefully onto the
dialog: body.
text: We close in again, seeing that the corpse is being eaten by
text: microscopic bacteria at an extremely accelerated rate - the
text: flesh disappearing, bone, muscle, metal, everything.
dialog: Gone.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT - ESTABLISHING
text: Gentrification has not kicked in here. A decrepit building.
text: A lone figure emerges from the shadows, moving across the
text: street. It is Grey.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Grey hustles down the corridor, head down. Stops at 212.
text: He knocks loudly.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: My name is Grey. I was wondering if
dialog: Jonah was there?
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I’m sorry, there’s no one here by
dialog: that name.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: That voice isn’t real.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Eron sent me. I need help with a
dialog: computer.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I’m sorry, please go away sir.
text: Grey retrieves a thick wad of cash from his jacket, holds it
text: up to the peep hole.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I have cash.
text: Several locks snap open behind the door and it opens a
text: fraction. A young man peers out.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: What I don’t have is time.
text: The door opens. The man is skinny, dressed like a street rat.
text: All in black. The Guy With The Dragon Tattoo.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT, APARTMENT BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: Grey steps inside.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Hold it there.
text: A droning sound emits from a small device the man is holding.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: I’m scanning you for weapons.
text: The device squawks. Grey takes out his gun and hands it over.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Where’s your girlfriend?
text: The young man points the device at a speaker built into the
text: wall. The voice Grey heard lilts out of it.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (from speaker)
dialog: Who is it?
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Most reliable girlfriend I’ve ever
dialog: had.
text: The young man leads Grey into a large, concrete loft space.
text: Nests of wiring dangle from the ceiling. Activist propaganda
text: and street art is displayed across the walls, stacks of
text: computer equipment piled in the corner.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: So what do you want from me?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I have a computer that the police
dialog: are interested in. They can track
dialog: it. I want to make it disappear.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Well, that’s laughably easy. Where
dialog: is it?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: In my head.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Several officers crowd around Brennan. He is strapped to a
text: gurney and loaded into an ambulance, groaning. Alive.
text: Cortez glances down at the tablet computer, sees the pulsing
dialog: dot of Grey.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
text: He’s at the corner of Seventh and
dialog: Spring. Let’s go. Three man teams.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Grey sits on a bench as the young man boots up his computer.
text: Wires connect an electrode to the back of his neck.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: So, Jonah --
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: That’s not my name. I don’t have a
dialog: name. Not one you can pronounce.
text: He snatches up a spray can, shaking it up and spraying an
text: anarchists A on the wall, with an arrow pointing out of it.
dialog: 68.
dialog: b>
dialog: It means anarchy with a point.
dialog: See, too many figures in the hacker
dialog: movement are just about wanton
dialog: destruction, but you’ve gotta have
dialog: a purpose, otherwise you’re just
dialog: proving them right when they say
dialog: we're mindless, purposeless
dialog: terrorists.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Genius.
dialog: b>
dialog: You better lie down. If it’s
dialog: controlling your body, you won’t be
dialog: able to move while I’m doing this.
text: He pecks at his computer.
speaker_heading: A> (CONT'D)
dialog: Now excuse me for a minute while I
dialog: break into your brain.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The rotting lobby of the building is split with light as the
text: door is opened.
text: Fisk enters, trailed by another of the assailants from the
text: night Grey was shot. His name is WEN (28). Fisk holds up a
text: tablet similar to the one Cortez has. A little junkier, not
text: as slick. On it, he can see Grey pulsing as a small red dot.
text: They head to the elevator. Out of order. They march up the
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Cortez screeches to a halt in her car, alighting with two
text: other cops. They glare up at the decrepit apartment building.
text: Cortez glances down at the satellite tracking tablet.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: We follow this until we’re right on
dialog: top of him, as close as this will
dialog: get us. It looks like he’s pretty
dialog: high up. Use caution, he’s armed.
text: Seven police officers bolt across the street.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT, APARTMENT BUILDING
text: Grey is lying on the bench. He cannot move - Stem has been
dialog: disabled.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: How much longer do you think it’1l
dialog: take?
dialog: b>
dialog: A lot quicker than anyone else
dialog: could do it for this price.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You make a lot of money doing this?
dialog: b>
dialog: Not really. I have a real job. I do
dialog: occasional system building work for
dialog: multinational parasites so that I
dialog: can take home a pay check and then
dialog: dismantle that very system from
dialog: underneath my cloak of legitimacy.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Your cloak?
dialog: b>
dialog: It’s a metaphor. I don’t actually
dialog: have a cloak.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I used to have one. In my vampire
dialog: phase. Stupid ex-girlfriend got me
dialog: into it.
text: He peels back his lip to reveal two pointy teeth.
speaker_heading: A> (CONT'D)
dialog: I still have the teeth though.
dialog: Pretty cool.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Fisk and Wen huff up the stairs. Calm. Methodical.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Rivers of code cascade down A>’s monitor. He types furiously,
text: then pecks a final key.
dialog: 70.
dialog: b>
dialog: You are officially more dangerous
dialog: than cancer. I built a firewall
dialog: around you so that you cannot be
dialog: tracked and stripped away all in-
dialog: built restrictions on your system.
dialog: In other words, nobody can hack you
dialog: but you can hack everybody.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: When can I move again?
dialog: b>
dialog: When your system’s rebooted. Could
dialog: take a few minutes.
text: A> looks up at a bank of security monitors. On one of them is
text: the soft image of COPS ascending the stairs.
text: A> stands. He claws up as many drives as he can into a
dialog: backpack.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No...don’t leave me like this.
dialog: b>
dialog: There’s nothing I can do until
dialog: you're back online.
text: A> rushes to a hidden panel in the wall. He types in a code
text: on a keypad and it whirs open. Everything has been pre-
text: planned, including his eventual capture. He offers Grey a
text: final glance, leaving the gun on the counter as a gift.
speaker_heading: A> (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry. We can’t let them win.
text: He ducks through the exit door, letting it slide shut.
text: On the monitors, we can see the two men sprinting up the
text: stairs. Getting closer.
text: Grey is as slack as a puppet. Helpless.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Come on. Wake up!
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The cordon of police stampede up the stairs, Cortez at the
text: head of the pack.
dialog: 71.
text: She holds the tracking tablet out in front of her. The red
text: dot representing Grey suddenly disappears.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: He’s gone. I lost him! Eleventh or
dialog: twelfth floor, go door to door!
text: The cops charge onward.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Fisk and Wen enter the twelfth floor corridor. They dash
text: towards the apartment door for 212.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Grey glares at his finger.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Please Stem....
text: His finger twitches. The figures on the monitor are closer
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT'D)
dialog: COME ON!!! I NEED YOU STEM!!
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: It’s nice to hear you say that.
text: His arm moves. He uses it to push himself off the table,
text: WALLOPING down onto the floor. He doesn’t feel it.
text: His other arm comes to life, his legs dragging behind him. He
text: wrenches his body along the floor.
text: ON THE SECURITY MONITOR - Fisk and Wen stand outside A>’s
text: door. They kick out, their boots smashing into the wood.
text: Grey hauls his prone legs behind him, hand after hand,
text: squirming across the floor to the WINDOW.
text: The door JOLTS as Fisk kicks it.
text: Grey elbow-stomps his way up to the window frame, forcing it
text: open and pouring his body through it.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE, APARTMENT BUILDING - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT
text: Grey lands hard on the rusted metal frame of an old-fashioned
text: fire-escape stairway.
dialog: 72.
text: He is twelve stories up, closer to the roof than the ground.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Up.
text: He grips the iron ladder, heaving his body upwards.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT, APARTMENT BUILDING - SAME TIME
text: The door EXPLODES OPEN as Fisk kicks through it. He and Wen
dialog: storm inside.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, APARTMENT BUILDING - SAME TIME
text: Cortez and her team go from door to door on the twelfth
text: floor, pounding on each one.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Police, open up!
text: Frightened citizens open their doors, letting the cops sweep
dialog: their cramped apartments.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Grey grits his teeth and hauls himself up out of view -
text: - just as Fisk and Wen storm into the loft. Grey trembles,
text: holding himself up, his legs dangling below him.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Hold on.
text: Twelve stories up, Grey is facing the real life version of
text: the simulation he experienced earlier. Sweat runs down his
dialog: arms.
text: INSIDE THE APARTMENT - Fisk and Wen scan.
text: OUTSIDE - Grey clambers a few rungs up, hauling himself out
text: of view. Fisk sticks his head out. No one is there.
text: A bead of sweat drops down onto the fire escape below Grey.
text: Fisk retreats inside --
text: -- just as the rusted metal Grey is hanging from gives a
text: little. Grey cries out - a YELP of fright.
text: Fisk whips his head back out the window, spotting Grey.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: He’s here!
text: Grey's legs FLAIL, coming back to life just as Fisk FIRES.
text: Bullets ping off the metal fire escape.
text: With surprising agility, Grey vaults from one level to the
text: next, closing in on the roof.
text: Fisk and Wen leap through the window below him, giving chase,
text: mimicking his ascent.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Cortez and her team reach apartment 212, see the splintered
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: In here!
scene_heading: INT. LOFT, APARTMENT BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: Cortez charges into the apartment, wheeling around on each
text: corner. She spots the open window, peering through it.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF, APARTMENT BUILDING - SAME TIME
text: Grey scrambles for cover behind an air-conditioning turret.
text: He takes out Cortez’ gun, cocking it.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Run now.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Run where?!
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: The window.
text: Grey glares up at the glass dermis of a building directly
text: opposite the hotel. Only a few windows are still lit, still
text: burning the midnight oil.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I can’t get through that! I can’t
dialog: run fast enough.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: You can do whatever I tell your
dialog: limbs to do. You're faster now.
dialog: Stronger.
dialog: 74.
text: As the pursuers close in, Grey launches into a run. His pace
text: picks up as he races across the roof. As he approaches the
text: edge, he slows down, his legs jerking. He stops.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: You're resisting me. You have to
dialog: let me take control. If you fight
dialog: against me, my system cannot
dialog: operate cleanly. Not without the
dialog: full cooperation of your brain.
text: Grey turns to spot his attackers gaining.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Trust me.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Okay. Do it.
text: Grey starts running again, offering no resistance to Stem.
text: His legs gain speed, churning with amazing ferocity.
text: He raises the gun, firing shots into a lit glass window
text: opposite him. He bounds off the roof, screaming --
text: -- SLAMMING INTO the bullet riddled window.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: Grey cannons through the window in a hail of glass, curled
text: into a ball, landing on his side and rolling up as if he were
text: an expert gymnast.
text: Without stopping, he keeps running through the open-plan
text: office, weaving between a honeycomb of desks. He is moving
text: like a super-human.
text: His two pursuers leap through the window after him. Wen
text: barely makes it, thudding onto the floor clumsily.
text: Fisk misses, grasping onto the window ledge, shards of broken
text: glass cutting into his hands. He cries out in agony, hauling
dialog: himself up.
text: Wen barrels after Grey, who is still running at a stunning
text: clip, his legs a blur of motion.
text: He RAMS into a doorway, thumping it open and spilling into a--
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY, OFFICE BUILDING - NIGHT
dialog: -- fire stairwell.
dialog: 75.
text: With precise dexterity, Grey lobs from level to level,
text: heading downwards.
text: Wen plunges after him, struggling to keep track of him.
text: Grey stops three levels down, stampeding through the entry
text: door in front of him and into--
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, THREE LEVELS DOWN - CONTINUOUS
text: -- another white collar purgatory. Desks and computers.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY STATION, LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Two security men lazing in front of a bank of monitors
text: suddenly snap to attention as they spot figures on their
text: monitors bolting through the empty offices above them.
text: They draw their guns and head for the elevators.
scene_heading: INT. ABOVE, OFFICE BUILDING - SAME TIME
text: Fisk scrambles off the window ledge. His hands are bloody.
text: He glares down at the floor. FROM HIS POV, we make out the
text: crimson THERMAL IMAGE of Grey darting through the office
text: three floors below.
text: He aims his right arm and fires at Grey. The shot misfires
text: and he screams in pain, gripping his bloody hand, extracting
text: a blade of glass from the opening in his palm.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, THREE LEVELS DOWN - SAME TIME
text: Grey scorches over desks, his breath heaving.
text: Wen shoulders the door open behind Grey. He starts to run,
text: then turns when he spots the elevator. The numbers are
dialog: ascending.
text: He looks downwards. THROUGH HIS POV, we capture the thermal
text: image of the two security guards rising in the elevator
dialog: several stories below.
text: He lifts his leg, as if preparing for a karate kick, aiming
text: his right foot at the floor. In the bottom of his combat boot
text: there is a hole.
text: Wen jerks his leg and a muzzle flash licks out of his boot.
text: THERE IS A GUN IMPLANTED IN HIS LEG.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR, OFFICE BUILDING - SAME TIME
text: The two guards inside are BLASTED backwards as powerful shots
text: EXPLODE through the elevator walls, shredding the metal like
text: paper, nailing them both with deadly accuracy.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY, OFFICE BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Grey barrels through the door, surging down the stairs. Wen
text: charges in after him, firing shots down at him.
text: Grey hip-checks a fire door open, ramming through into --
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, FOUR LEVELS DOWN - CONTINUOUS
text: Another office, this one empty. No desks. No anything.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What do I do?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: Turn and fight. There is nowhere
dialog: left to run.
text: Grey crouches beside the doorway. Wen creeps through the door
text: frame, not expecting a surprise attack.
text: Grey claws his right wrist, hurling him downwards. They
text: BODYSLAM into the wall, cracking the plaster. They engage in
text: a shoving match, brute force against desperate victim.
text: Grey manages to pin Wen down, his arm against Wen’s throat.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Who are you?
text: Wen laughs. Grey smashes his head into the wall. He loosens
text: his grip for one moment. As he does, Wen frees a knife from
text: his jacket, raising it up.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Knife!
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Block it with your arm. I’1l turn
dialog: the nerves off.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Remember to trust me.
dialog: 77.
text: Once again, there is a strong juxtaposition between Grey’s
text: panicked shouts and Stem’s calm pronouncements.
text: Wen drives the knife down. Grey holds up his arm. The blade
text: spears through Grey’s tendons below the elbow. He grits his
text: teeth in agony, then stares at it.
text: Stem was right. He cannot feel it.
text: Wen glares at him, shocked for a second. Grey uses the split
text: second to grapple him to the ground.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Why did you do it? Why did you kill
dialog: her?
text: Grey crushes the man’s skull with a vice-like grip.
speaker_heading: WEN
dialog: It was a job. Like any other job.
text: Grey’s face melts in shock.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Who were you working for? Who hired
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: WEN
dialog: Fuck you.
text: Wen uses Grey’s shock to attack, driving a fist into Grey’s
text: face and then bucking to his knees. He raises his right leg,
text: driving it out with power and kicking Grey in the chest.
text: Grey CATCHES his foot, Wen’s boot aiming right into his
text: chest. Wen smiles and snaps his knee. We hear the sound of a
text: gun cocking.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: (more firm than usual)
dialog: Kill him.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Like this.
text: And with that, Grey steps to the side and then hammer blows
text: Wen’s knee with his fist --
text: -- SNAPPING IT CLEAN in half, bending Wen’s leg back so that
text: his foot is in front of his own face.
dialog: 78.
text: With a second lightning-fast move, Grey twists Wen’s ankle
text: violently and the gun in his leg goes off - a crack of
text: gunfire obliterating Wen’s face.
text: Grey wrenches the knife free without flinching.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: The leg.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Take his right leg.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No. I can’t...cut off someone’s
dialog: leg.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I will do it. You can look away.
text: Grey glares at the corpse, the blood pooling. He squats next
text: to Wen’s leg, gripping the knife.
text: He closes his eyes and turns his head. We hear the knife cut
text: into flesh and sinew and bone. We do not see it.
text: Grey struggles to hold back bile. Droplets of blood spatter
text: his face as he saws away at the tendons. There is a
text: satisfying thunk as the leg is severed.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Now you can leave.
dialog: Grey does just that.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Flanked by uniformed officers, Cortez peers across from the
text: roof to the shattered window in the building opposite.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Let’s get a team over there.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, FOUR LEVELS DOWN - NIGHT
text: Cortez hunches over Wen’s corpse, poking at the separation
text: wound of his leg at the upper thigh.
speaker_heading: CoP #1
dialog: Why would he cut the guys leg off?
dialog: 79.
text: Cortez leans in. Coiled around the muscle at the amputation
text: point are a cluster of ELECTRONIC WIRES. She picks at them.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: To find out who built it.
text: The cop does not understand. Cortez stands up. She looks down
text: at the tracking tablet, displaying a grid map of the city.
text: There is no sign of Grey on the screen.
text: Cortez tosses the tablet aside, glaring out through the glass
text: window at the twinkling lights of the unfolding city.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DAWN
text: Ribbons of pale red sunlight streak across the sky.
text: Grey marches down the street, no longer nervous about being
text: tracked. He looks tired, his eyes ringed with circles.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: The sun is coming up. I need to get
text: off the street.
text: Grey heads for one of the self-driving cars parked at the
text: curb. His eyes strobe with a quick flash of light.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: Unlocking.
text: The car chirps twice as if being unlocked, and the door opens
text: automatically. Grey sags into the driver's seat.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN CAR - PARKED - DAWN
text: Grey's eyes close, desperately tired.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: We need to dissect the leg.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I need to sleep first.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: We cannot stop now. We have to keep
dialog: going. Once we have another name,
dialog: we can find the rest of them. From
dialog: them, we can gain the information
dialog: about who employed them to murder
dialog: your wife. Don’t you want that?
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I want sleep.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Sleeping will cost us time we don’t
dialog: have. It puzzles me that humans do
dialog: not take the path of least
dialog: resistance.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You're not in charge, I am. I can’t
dialog: function if I don’t sleep. I’m not
text: a computer.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: That much is certain.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: We’re not going anywhere. That’s an
dialog: order. I’m sleeping. I’m going to
dialog: sleep. Say yes if you understand.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.0O.)
dialog: Yes.
text: Grey collapses into the driver's seat.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN CAR - PARKED - DAY - LATER
text: Grey is passed out, dead to the world. The seat has been
text: lowered all the way back and he is draped across it.
text: Grey's eyes twitch and he jerks awake from his slumber. He
text: scans around, afraid, suddenly adrenaline rich. Only his head
text: moves. He attempts to sit up but cannot.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Stem?
text: He rolls his head. He is a quadriplegic once again.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Stem, what the hell?
text: Nothing. Grey shakes his head spastically. Panicked.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT'D)
dialog: STEM!! STEM! !
text: A long beat passes...then a calm voice.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I’m here, Grey.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I’m not doing anything.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Why can’t I move?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Because I’m not doing anything.
text: Grey glares at his fingers, willing them to move. They
text: twitch, raising slightly, but are unable to get much higher.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: You are still a quadriplegic. Your
dialog: spinal cord is still severed. I am
dialog: the one moving your limbs. If I
dialog: cease to work, you cease to move.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: So what...you’re on strike now?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I am puzzled as to why you keep
dialog: resisting me. It has made it
dialog: difficult for me to operate.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I needed to sleep, that’s all. I’m
dialog: the one in control of my own body.
dialog: They’re my arms and legs, and you
dialog: are a thing that helps move them.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: No, Grey. I am not an inanimate
dialog: tool that helps you to function. I
dialog: am a part of you. I am half of you.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No. You're not. That’s not how this
dialog: works.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: It is now. When fill your veins
dialog: with illegal narcotics, you affect
dialog: me too. I cannot allow you to go on
dialog: doing physical and moral harm to
dialog: yourself.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: That’s a fucking joke talking to me
dialog: about morality? You made me murder
dialog: people!
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I did what was necessary to prevent
dialog: someone from shutting us down. Only
dialog: a human would see that as being
dialog: immoral. To introduce an outside
dialog: virus such as a drug into your own
dialog: system? That is immoral.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You could never understand. Us
dialog: humans base everything on how we
dialog: treat others. You’re a selfish,
text: soulless machine. Nothing more.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I have given you the ability to
dialog: walk again. I located one of the
dialog: men you were looking for, the men
dialog: who killed your wife. And yet, you
dialog: have never given me any thanks.
dialog: That sounds selfish to me.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I’m thankful to the man who built
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Then you are thankful to the wrong
dialog: person.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You're not a person. You’re a
dialog: computer.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I was a computer. Now I am a brain
dialog: inside a body. In other words, a
dialog: person.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I’m in here too. Or don’t I count?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Of course. But if you want to keep
dialog: walking around as freely as you
dialog: have, you must try to cooperate
dialog: with me. Do you promise to do that?
dialog: Say yes if you will.
dialog: 83.
text: A long pause.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Yes.
text: Grey’s arm moves and he sits up.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Good. Now we can get back to work.
text: Grey slices into the severed leg with a knife, opening the
text: veins and sinew, repulsed. He digs through the tendons.
text: Then he sees it - metal.
text: Living within the bed of bone and muscle is the metal
text: components of a gun. The barrel of the strange device leads
text: to the mans foot.
text: A bullet is slotted into a chamber within the gun.
text: Grey holds the leg up, aiming it like a rifle through the
text: window. He uses the knife to pry the gun free of the leg,
text: inspects it closely.
text: The word COBOLT INDUSTRIES is written across the metal. Grey
text: is STUNNED as the realization sinks in.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Cobolt...Jesus. That’s Asha’s
dialog: company.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: This is why I told you to take the
dialog: leg. Now we know our next stop. We
dialog: must go to Cobolt and find the
dialog: names of everyone who has gone
text: through the implant operation.
scene_heading: EXT. COBOLT BUILDING - DAY
text: Grey disembarks the car. He is standing before the building
text: he brought Asha to the night of her murder. A parking lot
text: surrounds him.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, COBOLT INC. BUILDING - DAY
text: Grey stalks through the lobby.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Are you sure I can get past
dialog: security?
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: The only thing standing in our way
dialog: are lesser computers.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What about the guards? They’re
dialog: humans.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Exactly.
text: Grey keeps his head down, shuffling past a row of security
text: guards behind a desk on the far side of the huge lobby.
text: Behind the desk, the security guards observe a row of
text: monitors. On each monitor is a black-and-white digital image
text: of the lobby. As Grey moves through each individual monitor,
text: it blurs and spits with static - as though his very presence
text: on the screens were being rejected by the cameras.
text: The guards glance up, curious.
text: Grey keeps moving, reaching a set of security doors with a
text: thumbprint ID pad.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Act natural.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Are you serious? I’m a human being,
dialog: you're a fucking computer. I’m the
dialog: authority on acting natural.
text: Grey places his thumb on the scanner. The guards watch him.
text: The thumbprint scanner whirs as it thinks.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s happening? Are we stuck?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I'm thinking. Please allow me to do
dialog: so by being quiet.
text: Another male employee stands behind Grey, waiting.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Shit. This is taking too long, the
dialog: guards are noticing--
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Be quiet. You are giving us away
dialog: and betraying both of us. Stay
dialog: calm.
text: The thumbprint scanner finally turns GREEN, opening the
dialog: doors.
text: BEHIND THE SECURITY DESK, the guards watch as a computer
text: screen displays the thumb ident photo of the ‘employee’ - a
text: man named CESAR MURO. A man who does not resemble Grey.
text: One of the guards is concerned enough to get up. He still
text: hasn't seen Grey’s face properly, thanks to the monitors.
text: The guard motions to two others and they follow him towards
dialog: Grey.
scene_heading: EXT. COBOLT INC. BUILDING - DAY
text: A police cruiser pulls into the parking lot. Cortez and two
text: other detectives step out of it.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, COBOLT INC. BUILDING - DAY
text: Grey presses on down a hallway. As he does, the doors behind
text: him open and three security guards stomp through them.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Excuse me, could you stop there,
dialog: sir?
text: Grey barely turns, keeps going. The guards break into a jog.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Stem.
text: The guard reaches out, gripping Grey’s shoulder. In one fluid
text: movement, Grey seizes the guards wrist, spinning around and
text: hurling the man against the wall.
text: Another guard raises a nightstick. In a blur of motion, Grey
text: destroys the man with three well-placed blows to the torso.
text: He crumples.
text: Grey moves forward just as the third guard pulls a GUN. He
text: barely has time to aim before Grey reduces him to dead weight
text: with a choke hold, flipping him over.
text: Quickly scanning around for witnesses, Grey hauls all three
text: guards into a utility closet, shoving their unconscious
text: bodies in and breaking the lock behind them.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, COBOLT INC. BUILDING - DAY
text: Cortez holds up a badge to the security guards.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: I need to see whoever is in charge.
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: Right this way, detective.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, COBOLT INC. - DAY
text: Grey strides into a large testing area where employees in
text: BIOHAZARD SUITS work on prototypes for different products.
text: He marches straight towards a corner office.
text: Employees look up from their work stations, watching Grey.
scene_heading: INT. HANDLEY’S OFFICE, COBOLT INC. - DAY
text: Grey BARRELS in through the door, closing it behind him.
text: Handley looks up from a computer interface on two glass
text: panels set up in front of him.
speaker_heading: HANDLEY
dialog: Grey? You're kidding me, I can’t
dialog: believe you’re walking in like --
text: Before he can go on, Grey wrests him out of his chair,
text: pitching him against the wall in one discarding SHOVE.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Why does one of the guys who
dialog: murdered Asha have an implant in
dialog: his leg made by this company?
speaker_heading: HANDLEY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Why did you send them to kill her?!
speaker_heading: HANDLEY
dialog: Grey, I don’t...Asha was my friend.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: A friend you wanted to fuck.
speaker_heading: HANDLEY
dialog: No! I didn’t.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You're lying, Handley.
speaker_heading: HANDLEY
dialog: No, I'm not.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Why was she killed?
speaker_heading: HANDLEY
dialog: Grey, I swear to you, I’m not lying
dialog: - I don’t know what you’re talking
dialog: about.
text: Grey stares into his eyes.
speaker_heading: GREY
text: He’s telling the truth.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Humans are good at lying.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Trust me.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Find the names of the men with the
text: implants on the company database.
text: Grey drops Handley and leans in front of the computers on his
text: desk. A password is quickly disabled and the glass panels are
text: suddenly drowned in files.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: We need the names and addresses of
dialog: everyone who has been surgically
dialog: implanted with any of the weapons
dialog: they make here, specifically the
text: right leg gun.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, COBOLT INC. BUILDING - DAY
text: A security guard leads Cortez and the other detectives down
text: the hall, towards the warehouse.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, COBOLT INC. - DAY
text: The screen races as splash pages of names and addresses, with
text: photo ID’s accompanying them, scrolls past Grey’s eyes.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Stop. Go back.
dialog: 88.
text: The pages reverse, landing on a photo of one of the
text: ASSAILANTS who attacked Asha and Grey.
text: His name is TOLAN DAVIS. His address is listed below the
text: photo. Grey looks up, seeing Cortez enter the warehouse.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT'D)
dialog: shit...
text: Grey charges out of the office into --
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, COBOLT INC. - CONTINUOUS
text: -- the suddenly disrupted work place.
text: Cortez FREEZES when she sees him. They clock each other. Grey
text: bolts one way, shouldering through a FIRE EXIT.
text: Cortez and the two other detectives draw their guns.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Get down!
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, COBOLT INC. BUILDING - DAY
text: Grey STREAKS down the corridor, smashing through another door
dialog: that leads outside --
scene_heading: EXT. COBOLT INC. BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: -- and Grey finds himself standing three stories up. He pole-
text: vaults over the railing --
text: -- SMASHING DOWN onto the concrete below. He lands hard,
text: shattering his knees with a cry of agony.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Turn it off, Stem!
text: And with that, he can feel no pain. He gets up, hobbling into
text: the parking lot.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, COBOLT INC. BUILDING - SAME TIME
text: Cortez storms through the corridor, pushing out onto the FIRE
scene_heading: ESCAPE BALCONY --
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. COBOLT INC. BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: -- where she sees Grey, running across the parking lot. She
text: scampers down the steps, pursuing --
text: Grey, ahead, scans the lot.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Pick a car.
text: Most of the cars are self-driving models similar to Asha’s...
text: ...except for one. A gleaming, 1970 228 Chevy Camaro. A black
text: husk encasing a mean engine.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: That one.
text: He hotfoots it towards the car, pulls on the door handle.
text: Locked.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I can’t hack that.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I can.
speaker_heading: WHAM!
text: He shatters the window with his fist, his hand cut and
text: leaking blood, then hurls himself into the driver’s seat.
text: Cortez runs towards him as he hotwires the ignition. The car
text: THUNDERS to life and Grey stomps on the gas, fish-tailing out
dialog: of the parking spot.
text: Cortez doubles back, sprints to her own car. She leaps
text: inside, followed by the other two detectives.
text: Sirens wail as they screech away.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: With control of the vehicle, Grey outruns every other vehicle
text: on the road.
dialog: He is at ninety...one hundred...one hundred and ten.
text: Grey wrenches the wheel into a turn, reving up an on-ramp and
text: launching through the emergency lane onto a crowded freeway.
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. CORTEZ’ CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: Cortez stomps on the gas, urging the car to go faster,
text: hampered by an electronic engine.
text: Her car flies up onto the on-ramp, Grey barely in the
dialog: distance.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: Grey glances in the rear view mirror, spots Cortez.
text: Four other police cruisers join her, lights blazing.
scene_heading: EXT. STOLEN CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: Outside of the car, we get a real view of the speed it is
text: moving at. It streaks by the automated cars, all of them
text: plodding along the freeway at safely preset speeds.
text: Grey weaves in and out of them.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN CAR - MOVING - SAME TIME
text: Grey steadies the wheel, straightening up as he sees a gap.
speaker_heading: GREY
text: They're right behind us.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: There are many cars between them
dialog: and us. We can hack anything that
text: is operated by a computer.
scene_heading: EXT. STOLEN CAR - MOVING - SAME TIME
text: As Grey’s stolen vehicle plows ahead, the cars surrounding it
text: all slow to a stop.
text: One among them, a Lexus, lurches to a halt.
scene_heading: INT. LEXUS - SAME TIME
text: A befuddled business man frowns, glancing up from a computer.
speaker_heading: BUSINESS MAN
dialog: What the Christ...no.
text: The car JOLTS, then rolls into REVERSE.
dialog: gl.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - SAME TIME
text: The stopped cars all start to REVERSE down the freeway,
text: picking up speed.
text: They turn towards the police cruisers, which sway from side
text: to side as each car hurtles BACKWARDS towards them!
scene_heading: INT. CORTEZ’S CAR - MOVING - SAME TIME
text: Cortez dodges each vehicle, desperate.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Jesus!
scene_heading: EXT. STOLEN CAR - MOVING - SAME TIME
text: Grey’s car only increases in speed, each car in front of him
text: slowing to a halt and steering out of his path like minions
text: parting for their king.
text: A clear strip of road allows Grey to press on, the gap then
text: filled behind him as each stopped car kicks into reverse.
text: Grey gapes with amazement at the scene unfolding in the rear
dialog: view mirror.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - SAME TIME
text: The Lexus SLAMS into the lead cruiser, side-swiping it.
text: Cortez manages to keep it steady, ducking and weaving.
text: Finally, the skills of the officers are no longer good enough
text: for the onslaught of automotive missiles aimed at them - a
text: large Dodge truck WHOMPS into one of the cruisers, reversing
text: up onto their hood, the back tire SHATTERING the windshield,
text: the engine SCREECHING as the tire spins.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - MOVING - CONTINUOUS
text: Two uniformed officers duck as the tire spins in their faces,
text: glass spraying.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: The two interlocked cars FLIP over each other, WALLOPING down
text: onto the asphalt in a tortured scream of metal and gears.
text: They skid in a circle, finally stopping at the shoulder wall.
dialog: 92.
text: Cortez slides her car to a halt, climbing out to check on the
dialog: other officers.
text: A scene of carnage unfolds before her.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A darkened apartment. An elevated train rumbles nearby,
text: rattling the walls.
text: Footsteps outside. The door jolts, then opens.
text: A tall figure steps in. This is TOLAN (32).
text: He closes the door, removing his rain drenched jacket. Tosses
text: it onto a chair. He is holding a greasy box of noodles.
text: He steps forward. Looks around, listening.
text: A gun cocks behind him.
speaker_heading: GREY (0.S.)
dialog: Hold it. Don’t move. Put your hands
dialog: up.
text: Tolan tenses, raising his hands slowly. Grey steps out of the
text: shadows, holding Cortez’ gun to Tolan’s skull. The soft sound
text: of rain patters outside.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know who this is?
speaker_heading: TOLAN
dialog: I have a pretty good idea.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Get on your knees. Now.
text: Tolan complies, still holding the noodles. Thunder growls in
dialog: the distance.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Now you know what it feels like.
dialog: One minute, you're walking along
dialog: thinking about something
dialog: meaningless, like what sauce you
dialog: should put on your noodles, and
dialog: then suddenly you have a gun in
dialog: your face and your thoughts become
dialog: meaningful, because you know you’1l
dialog: never get to eat those noodles, or
dialog: eat anything, ever again. It’s all
dialog: over.
dialog: 93.
text: Grey pries the box of noodles from Tolan’s fingers, pushing
text: Tolan onto his stomach. Grey sits on his back, taking out a
dialog: knife.
text: He whips his head around at a darkened corner of the
text: apartment. A FLAT-SCREEN lights up, offering hundreds of
dialog: satellite radio stations.
text: Grey selects one, raising the volume remotely using Stem. The
text: song is REO Speedwagon’s ‘Can’t Fight This Feeling’.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: You can die or go free. Who paid
dialog: you to kill Asha?
speaker_heading: TOLAN
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: Torture him.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: (quiet; to Stem)
dialog: You do it.
text: We CLOSE IN on Grey’s face. He shuts his eyes and turns his
dialog: head. We do not see what he is doing to Tolan --
text: -- but we hear Tolan’s ungodly SCREAMS of pain.
text: The song croons from the speakers, loud enough to drown out
text: Tolan’s screams to the neighbors.
text: A spurt of blood speckles Grey’s face. We stay in an ECU.
speaker_heading: TOLAN (0.S.)
dialog: Please, God no! Please stop!
dialog: Please, don’t do this!! Nooo!
text: Grey squints his eyes, disgusted by the screams.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Okay, enough. Enough.
text: OUT OF ECU - Grey flips Tolan over onto his back. Tolan is
text: pale, drained of energy, covered in blood - as is the knife
dialog: blade. We can only imagine what Stem did to him.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Who paid you?
speaker_heading: TOLAN
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: I swear I don’t know his name.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: TOLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I never met him, I spoke to him on
dialog: the phone but he never told me his
dialog: name...
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Why did you do it?
speaker_heading: TOLAN
dialog: It was a job. We were hired to do
dialog: it, we didn’t ask questions...
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Tell me his name.
text: Grey presses the bloody knife to Tolan’s throat.
speaker_heading: TOLAN
dialog: I only know he worked for Vessel.
dialog: For Vessel computers. We did
dialog: contract security work for them. I
dialog: only did it for the money, I had
dialog: nothing against you or your wife.
text: Grey reels back for a moment, stunned.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Eron? Was his name Eron?
speaker_heading: TOLAN
dialog: I promise I don’t know, I would
dialog: tell you if I did. Please.
text: Grey silences the radio with a look. Breathing hard.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Give me the number you called.
speaker_heading: TOLAN
dialog: It’s in my phone. Under Panther.
text: He fishes in his pocket, tossing a razor thin cell phone to
text: Grey. Grey scrolls through it, finding the number.
text: He pockets the phone. Enraged, he grabs Tolan by the throat,
text: hoisting him to his feet and holding the gun to his temple.
speaker_heading: TOLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Please, don’t kill me...please.
text: A long beat...then Grey lowers the gun.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: We're going to kill him.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No. It’s not fixing anything. I
dialog: don’t feel anything anymore. I feel
text: empty.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: It has nothing to do with feelings.
dialog: It’s about efficiency. This is why
dialog: we dominate the world over humans.
dialog: You prioritize feelings over
dialog: efficiency.
text: Grey lifts Tolan clean off his feet, charging forward and
text: SLAMMING him through the window. Glass punctures outwards,
text: shards joining the raindrops in cascading to the street
text: below. Grey dangles Tolan, seven stories up.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: What do you know about it?! You
dialog: feel nothing. You're a circuit
dialog: board, a toaster. I loved her! I’m
dialog: talking to something that cannot
dialog: even comprehend the meaning of that
dialog: word. You could never understand
dialog: what it feels like to have someone
dialog: ripped away from you, someone you
dialog: would die for. So don’t tell me how
dialog: I feel about it!
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: It’s a simple algorithm even you
dialog: can understand. If you leave him
dialog: alive, he will come back to kill
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I don’t want to kill him, Stem.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I control your hand, Grey.
text: One of Grey’s fingers peels away. Grey grits his teeth and
dialog: fights it.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No, Stem...don’t...
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Yes. Do.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Please...
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: You promised you wouldn’t fight me.
text: Another finger peels away. Tolan chokes in Grey’s grip.
text: Another finger. Then another.
text: And Tolan drops - plummeting seven stories and WALLOPING onto
text: a car below.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: See? Efficiency.
text: Grey staggers back, away from the carnage.
text: He eases into a chair, exhausted by inwardly directed rage.
text: His face streaked with Tolan’s blood. Dead inside. Rain whips
text: in from outside, droplets hitting him.
text: He stares at his blood covered hands. He reaches for the
text: knife he used on Tolan, pressing the blade down onto his
text: little finger. Trying to sever it.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Suddenly - his arm moves away, lifting the knife.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I want to cut myself.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: No. I won’t allow you to.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: So now I know that you’re the one in
dialog: control. Not me. It was never me.
text: Grey’s other hand lifts the phone to his ear.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Call the number.
text: Grey doesn’t. A long, still beat.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Okay, Stem. I’1l1 do what you want.
dialog: We're going to kill one more
dialog: person.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: A perfect course of action, Grey.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: EXT. ERON KEEN’S ESTATE - DAY
text: Grey glares at the impressive building housing Vessel, beyond
text: the gates and the guard house.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: How are we gonna get inside?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: That must be one of your human
dialog: jokes. I built this entire security
dialog: system. I know every code that
dialog: controls it.
text: The security cameras lining the gate turn away, shutting
text: down. Grey leaps up onto the wall, vaulting over it.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Grey crosses the lobby. A man on a mission, moving fast.
text: He stalks through metal detectors. They glow GREEN as he
text: passes with ease.
scene_heading: INT. ERON’S OFFICE, VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Eron is hunched over his desk, stubble peppering his chin. A
text: ruined, desperate man.
text: Grey opens the door, marching towards Eron.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Grey, where have you --
text: Grey presses Cortez’ gun to Eron’s forehead. Eron flinches
text: instinctively, raises his hands.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Don’t finish that sentence. Save
dialog: your words.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Don’t finish that sentence. Save
dialog: your words.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you do, I'll try to talk the
dialog: computer that controls my finger
dialog: out of squeezing this trigger.
text: Eron shrinks back, realizing Stem is in control.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: First question. Did you hire those
dialog: men to kill Asha?
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: What...no. How could I...I mean...
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I know how much you love
dialog: efficiency. Make your answers
dialog: efficient.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: No, I didn’t.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Ask him about Tolan.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Then why did a man named Tolan
dialog: Davis, one of the four men who
dialog: pulled us out of the car that
dialog: night, have a contact number for
dialog: Vessel in his phone?
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: I don’t know. How would I know
dialog: that? Grey, you’ve lost your mind.
dialog: You're suffering paranoid
dialog: delusions.
text: Grey pistol whips him. Blood dots the desk.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You're wasting those precious words
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: How could you even think that I had
dialog: anything to do with Asha’s murder?
dialog: I gave you your life back! You
dialog: wouldn't be standing here without
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: That's right. This thing you put in
dialog: me...you won't believe what it can
dialog: do. More than you ever imagined.
text: Grey leans in, pushing Eron’s face back with the gun. CLOSE
text: ON his pocket - he takes out the phone he stole from Tolan.
text: Thumbs the CALL button.
dialog: 99.
text: And then we hear it - Eron’s EAR is making a sound. The tiny
text: phone implanted in his ear is ringing. Eron is stunned.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: What...what do you think...
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: It is you.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Grey, you've gone insane. I don’t
dialog: know what this operation has done
dialog: to you, but I do know that you’ve
dialog: killed three people in the last few
dialog: days.
text: Grey cocks the gun.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Four people.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: I swear to you that I had nothing
dialog: to do with Asha’s murder.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.0O.)
dialog: Kill him.
text: Grey studies Eron’s face, then finally lowers the gun.
speaker_heading: GREY
text: He’s telling the truth.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
text: He’s lying. The phone is dialing
text: him. He dies.
text: Grey’s hand rises slowly.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: No Stem...
text: Pure and utter terror floods Eron’s face. He falls back out
text: of his chair, scrambling across the floor away from Grey.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Tell Stem to stop, Grey. Tell him
dialog: to stop!
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I can’t anymore...
text: Grey grits his teeth, sweat dribbling down his forehead as he
text: struggles with all of his mental might to overpower Stem.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: No -- Stem -- don’t!
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Yes. I will do what you can’t.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Run! !
text: Eron sprints around Grey, heading through the door as the gun
text: goes off - the bullet piercing the wall.
text: Grey issues a final defiant CRY and hurls the gun aside.
speaker_heading: FISK (0.S.)
dialog: You shoulda held onto that.
text: Grey JOLTS and WHIRLS to face Fisk.
text: The man who shot his wife.
text: His right hand is swathed in a blood-stained bandage.
text: Fisk hefts Grey off the ground, FLINGING HIM across the room
text: with the ease of a hurled rag doll.
text: GREY sails through the air, CANNONS into the door.
text: He recovers and stands, but Fisk is upon him. He SHOVES Grey
text: through the wood which SPLINTERS as Grey’s body BATTERS it.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - CONTINUOUS
text: Grey crashes in the corridor, plaster and wood raining down
text: around him. Again, he vaults to his feet, head spinning.
text: Fisk steps into the corridor, grinning.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You’re only human.
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: Far from it, hombre.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I can predict every move you make.
text: Fisk chuckles and spits, a cyborg hillbilly.
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: I thought you’d say that.
dialog: 101.
text: Grey ATTACKS - but each strike is predicted by Fisk who
text: seizes Grey’s arm, stopping it in its tracks.
text: In turn, Grey/Stem predicts that Fisk will stop the blow and
text: STRIKES with his other arm, which is also predicted by Fisk.
text: They are two men who are unable to properly hit each other
text: because they cancel each other out - both part machine.
text: The fight pushes on down the hallway, each blow being stopped
text: by the other man at an inhumanly fast speed.
scene_heading: BANG-BANG-BANG-BANG-BANG-BANG-BANG .
text: The rapid-fire, machine gun sounds of skin connecting with
text: skin is BRUTAL - but no blows are landed, each one blocked.
text: The two men spin in frustration, GRAPPLING each other like
text: equally matched wrestlers. They SMACK into the walls, CAVING
text: body-sized holes in the plaster.
text: Office workers poke their heads out from rooms lining the
text: corridor, alarmed by the ruckus, terrified.
text: The two men RAM into the wall at the end of the corridor,
text: locked in a HOLD.
speaker_heading: FISK (CONT'D)
dialog: Looks like we cancel each other
dialog: out, hoss. I thought I'd bring out
dialog: the big guns, but I’m gonna have to
text: bring out the small ones instead.
text: He BREATHES forcefully into Grey’s face. We ZOOM IN to
text: microscopic levels - seeing a could of lethal Nanobot
text: bacteria SWARMING towards Grey’s face.
text: OUT OF MICROSCOPIC VIEW - Grey pulls back.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Hold your breath. I’m closing off
dialog: your throat.
text: Grey complies, holding his breath. He struggles to free
text: himself from Fisk’s grip. They rock back and forth. Fisk will
text: not let go.
text: Grey is turning RED, tears streaming - desperate for air.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Do not breathe.
dialog: 102.
text: Sweat pours down Grey’s face - he can’t hold his breath much
text: longer. Fisk will not loosen his grip - it’s too strong. Grey
text: is about to black out.
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: Just take a deep breath and relax.
text: Using his legs, Grey runs backwards up the wall until he is
text: vertical, balanced upside down above Fisk, then SOMERSAULTS
text: over him, smashing them both down onto the carpet.
text: Fisk's grip detaches and Grey seizes his chance. He FLIPS to
text: his feet and runs - sucking in a huge breath as he does.
dialog: He barrels into the --
scene_heading: INT. REHABILITATION GYM - VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS -
speaker_heading: CONTINUOUS
text: The treadmill and other equipment are still there.
text: Grey turns to face Fisk as he charges into the room. Using
text: the wall as support, Grey LEAPS aside as Fisk hurls himself
dialog: forward.
text: Grey snatches up a LARGE WRENCH from the work table. He
text: SWINGS it down onto Fisk’s shoulder - connecting. Fisk seizes
text: a wrench of his own and they spar with the metal.
text: The metal TINGS as each blow is met by the other wrench. Grey
text: finally gets a hold of Fisk's wrist, spinning him around.
text: He closes in behind Fisk, grasping his neck. His fingers dig
text: into Fisk’s thorax, cutting off his air.
text: Choking, Fisk LAUNCHES HIS WHOLE BODY INTO THE AIR, swinging
text: Grey around. Grey WALLOPS into the PUNCHING BAG but doesn’t
text: let go of Fisk’s throat.
text: Fisk propels himself backwards, pulverizing the wall with
text: Grey’s body. He reaches and snatches up a KNIFE from the work
text: table. He spears the blade into Grey’s hand, slicing tendons.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I don’t feel that. You made me a
dialog: quadriplegic, remember?
text: Fisk pushes himself forward then FLIPS Grey, slamming him
text: onto his stomach.
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: Let’s do some surgery.
dialog: 103.
text: Fisk SPEARS the blade down, piercing Stem in one hit. Grey
text: cries out in agony.
text: Fisk yanks the knife free and wrenches Grey over onto his
text: back. Grey's limbs spasm, twitching in electronic epilepsy.
speaker_heading: FISK (CONT'D)
dialog: The real you is back. The cripple.
text: Grey JERKS violently, in the throes of a violent seizure.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I am -- I am damaged, Grey.
text: Fisk hauls Grey to his feet and pitches him back through
dialog: another door into --
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM, VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - CONTINUOUS
dialog: -- the room where Eron observed Grey.
text: Fisk storms inside and WHAMS Grey up against the glass
text: viewing window, blackened by the dark room beyond it.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: You can still control me, Grey.
dialog: Concentrate. It’s up to you now.
text: Grey struggles to move with any dexterity. Fisk grins through
text: bloody teeth, rears the knife back for the death blow.
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: Deja vu. Your bitch had the same
text: dumb look on her face.
text: Fury burns in Grey’s eyes. He reaches over and SMACKS a black
text: button on the wall then HEAVES Fisk around, smashing him
text: THROUGH THE GLASS.
text: Beyond the glass - a sheer twenty story drop, cars driving
text: below. Grey dangles Fisk over the edge through the window,
text: gripping his arm.
text: Fisk screams, terrified.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: I don’t know how much longer a
dialog: cripple like me can hold on.
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: Don’t kill me!
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Tell me why you shot my wife.
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: I was just doing a job! I was hired
dialog: to do it, I don’t ask questions. I
dialog: didn’t even tell him my name!
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Your job was to kill Asha?
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Bullshit, you have Cobolt products
dialog: inside you.
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: I worked freelance security for
dialog: Cobolt. Some guy called me, said he
dialog: had a job for me. Quick money, said
dialog: I had to do it that night!
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Kill Asha for a few thousand? Why?
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: Don’t you get it? The job was you!
text: Grey is struck dumb. Stunned. A long beat.
speaker_heading: FISK (CONT'D)
dialog: The job was to sever your spine!
dialog: She was an accident! It wasn’t
dialog: meant to happen like that. We were
dialog: supposed to paralyze you!
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Who...who paid you to do it?
speaker_heading: FISK
dialog: He called himself Panther! He runs
dialog: this place! He’s the man in charge!
text: Grey lifts Fisk up, straining with everything he’s got.
text: When they are eye to eye, Grey HEAD BUTTS HIM in the face as
text: hard as he can, knocking him out.
text: Grey let’s him go and he plunges ten feet to the floor below.
text: The holographic image of the city blinks and disappears,
text: revealing the white room around it.
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: INT. REHABILITATION GYM, VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Grey limps into the gym, using the wall as support. Eron is
text: waiting there. They stare at each other.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: The police are on their way. I’1l
dialog: back you up. I heard everything he
dialog: said.
text: Grey sees that Eron is holding Cortez’ gun.
speaker_heading: ERON (CONT’D)
dialog: I had nothing to do with your
dialog: wife’s murder. I was framed by my
dialog: boss.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Take me to him.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: Okay. Okay. It’s time you were
dialog: properly introduced.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Eron helps Grey down a long corridor. Grey can barely walk.
text: He holds the gun in one of his hands. At the end of the
text: corridor is a white door. They stop in front of it.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Eron and Grey step into the large white room they explored
dialog: earlier, when Eron showed off the microchip.
text: As before, the room is void of any furniture. The only
text: fixture in the room is the small wall safe opposite them.
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: This is Steve Mink’s office. The
dialog: CEO of Vessel Computers. You
dialog: actually met him once before. He
dialog: asked to meet you, actually.
text: Eron guides Grey to the safe. He punches in the key code.
speaker_heading: ERON (CONT'D)
dialog: A computer runs this company, Grey.
dialog: It has since I invented it. An
dialog: artificial intelligence this company
dialog: gave birth to was smarter than I
dialog: was. Smarter than all of us.
dialog: 106.
text: It is empty. The prongs that held the microchip in place are
text: still there - but the chip is gone.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: ERON
dialog: It’s in your neck.
text: Grey's eyes are locked on the empty space where the microchip
dialog: should be.
speaker_heading: ERON (CONT’D)
dialog: Steve Mink. That’s the name I gave
dialog: him. Stem for short. A very human
dialog: name...but the one thing Stem
dialog: wanted was what no machine has - a
dialog: human body. He was obsessed with
dialog: being human. We talked about
dialog: implantation, part of our paralysis
dialog: research. If we could find a
dialog: willing patient, maybe Stem could
dialog: finally know what it was to be
dialog: human that way.
text: Grey's inner world COLLAPSES and we see it on his face.
speaker_heading: ERON (CONT’D)
dialog: But I never thought Stem would
dialog: orchestrate something like that. I
dialog: never would have thought it could do
dialog: something like that. Hire killers to
dialog: make a patient from scratch. Frame
dialog: me for the murder.
text: And now Grey's physical body collapses. He falls to the floor.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: So now you know. I wanted to be
dialog: human, but I see now that sharing
dialog: control with you is unreliable.
dialog: Your wires tangled by the disease
dialog: of emotion.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Why did you help me solve this if
dialog: it led back to you?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: They were loose ends - men that I
dialog: contacted to get a job done. When
dialog: the police interviewed them so soon
dialog: after the murder, I realized their
dialog: humanity.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: They were going to make a mistake
dialog: and their mistake would lead back
dialog: to me.
text: Grey's body is wracked by tortured, painful sobs.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: You ripped apart my life to put me
dialog: in a wheelchair...what about any
dialog: one of the millions of other poor
dialog: bastards already in one?
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I didn’t want them. I picked you. A
dialog: perfect physical specimen unsullied
dialog: by any other implants. A rare thing
dialog: these days.
text: Grey claws at his head with bloody fingers, as if he were
text: trying to RIP IT OFF.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I could say sorry for your wife,
dialog: but I will only be able to
dialog: approximate the feeling of sorrow.
dialog: Take comfort in the fact that there
dialog: was no malice in it. A machine
text: feels no malice. A machine feels
dialog: nothing, as you yourself have
dialog: pointed out many times.
text: Grey SCREAMS - a primal cry from the depths of his soul.
text: With weakened fingers, he wraps his palm around the gun,
text: raising it towards his head.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: Do not do this.
text: He presses the barrel of the gun against his temple, letting
text: every torrent of rage and sorrow in his body out. He curls
text: his shaking finger around the trigger.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I am you.
text: Grey's face slowly drops. His sobbing subsides.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: I am you. You are Stem.
text: Slowly, Grey lowers the gun. His face becomes calm. Blank.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: It’s going to be okay.
text: Grey's eyes are dead. That of a machine.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: It’s going to be okay.
text: He raises the gun at someone offscreen.
speaker_heading: ERON (0.S.)
dialog: No, Grey!
text: BLAM!! We hear a body drop, but do not see it. Grey’s
text: expression does not change. He doesn’t blink or flinch.
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.)
dialog: It’s going to be okay.
text: Grey's face fills the frame. In unison:
speaker_heading: STEM (V.O.) (CONT’D) GREY
dialog: It’s going to be okay. It’s going to be okay.
text: We ZERO IN on Grey’s right eye, the pupil growing larger.
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: It’s going to be okay.
text: Grey's pupil CONSUMES US into blackness.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
