dialog: yf
dialog: yf
dialog: 
dialog: February 13, 1998-Draft
dialog: 
scene_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT.
text: A cold, windy evening in New England. Bare, looming trees
text: line the sides of the desolate road. Suddenly, the darkness
text: is broken by fast approaching LIGHTS. We see a speeding Land
text: Rover round a bend.
scene_heading: INT. LAND ROVER - NIGHT.
text: We pull in from the rear, revealing a mess of books and
text: clothing including a distinctive BLACK PARKA. Driving the
text: car is a cute, curly-haired, twenty year-old, MICHELLE
text: MANCINI. She listens attentively to a “Lovelines” style talk
text: show on the radio.
speaker_heading: SASHA (0.S.)
dialog: You're listening to After Dark with Sasha
text: on WVOP, the Voice of Pendelton
dialog: University. Caller, you're on the air.
speaker_heading: JANE (0.S.)
dialog: This is, um, Jane.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Seems to be a run on “Janes” tonight.
dialog: How can I help you?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, I’m having sexual thoughts about my
dialog: roommate.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Is she aware of this?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: No. I don’t think so. But, honestly
dialog: Sasha, I'm not a lesbian.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Are you dating any guys?
speaker_heading: JANE.
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Do you think about guys?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Um. Not really.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: How many Indigo Girls albums do you own?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JANE
text: All of them.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Then Jane, I think it's time you wake up
text: and smell the coffee over at Ellen’s
dialog: house because you are way confused. Head
text: immediately to the lesbian student lobby,
dialog: make some new gal pals and once you've
dialog: come to terms, see if roomie wouldn’t be
text: up for a little Sapphic soul searching.
dialog: Thank you, next caller.
text: Michelle laughs, then pops a tape into the stereo. Bonnie
text: Tyler’s 80's power ballad, “Total Eclipse of the Heart”
text: starts BLASTING. Michelle sings along, not too convincingly.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Turn around/every now and then I get a
text: little bit terrified and then I see the
dialog: look in your eyes...
text: The sunroof is open and the moon softly illuminates Michelle.
text: She’s too entertained to notice a FLASHING LIGHT on the
text: console...the low fuel gauge. She speeds past a large Shell
dialog: station.
scene_heading: INT. LAND ROVER ~ NIGHT.
text: The car begins sputtering. She turns the radio down and
text: notices the light and accompanying BEEPING.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Oh no... :
text: Through the windshield, she sees a rundown gas station in the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE (cont’d)
dialog: Please...please make it.
text: The car is on its last fume. It sputters into the station
text: and dies. Michelle breathes a sigh of relief. A creepy,
text: disheveled ATTENDANT steps out of his office and walks to the
text: car. Michelle opens the window just a crack.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (stuttering)
dialog: R-r-ran out of g-g-g-gas?
speaker_heading: MICHELLE (cont’d)
dialog: Yeah. Fill it up please.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 3
text: She slips her credit card through the crack. He stares at
text: her, nods and walks away.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE (cont‘d)
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Freak show.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT. 4
text: The gas hose is in the tank filling up.
scene_heading: INT. LAND ROVER - NIGHT.
text: Michelle looks at her watch impatiently.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT (0.S.)
dialog: M-m-m-miss?
text: She turns to look. He’s calling out from his office door.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: C-c-can you p-p-please come here for a m-
dialog: m-m-minute?
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Um. Credit c-c-c-ard company. They‘re
dialog: on t-t-the phone.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Is there a problem?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: They s-s-say they w-w-want to speak to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Hold on.
text: She grabs mace spray and sticks it in her coat pocket.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - NIGHT.
text: It’s dark and dingy, the only light a dim, flickering
text: fluorescent bulb. Michelle steps inside and the attendant
text: immediately closes the door behind her, locking it witha
dialog: key.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: So where's the phone?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (nervously)
text: M-m-m-iss...T-t-t-here-
speaker_heading: MICHELLE’S POV
text: On the desk sits the phone...unplugged from the wall. She
text: slowly begins to walk backwards towards the door.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT (cont’d)
dialog: S-s-s-ome-
text: He goes to grab her shoulders.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Don’t touch me!
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: No...no! There's s-s-s-
text: She reaches the door...it’s locked. He grabs her shoulders
text: firmly and turns her to face him.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT (cont'd)
dialog: S-s-s-omeone --
text: CLOSE ON HER COAT POCKET
text: She grabs the mace and fidgets around trying to remove the
dialog: protective lock.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT (cont'd)
dialog: is-is-is --
text: She unlocks the mace, shoves it in front of his eyes and
text: sprays.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT (cont'd)
speaker_heading: AAAAAHHHH !
text: The attendant keels over.
text: MICHELLE tries in vain to unlock the door. She turns around
dialog: and sees...
text: THE ATTENDANT writhing in pain on the floor.
text: ON THE DESK she spots the unplugged phone and grabs it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
dialog: il
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 6
text: She SMASHES the door window until there’s an opening big
text: enough for her to fit through. Her gloves and coat protect
text: her from the glass.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT. 7
text: She's halfway out.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - NIGHT. 8
text: The attendant gets up. Her legs are dangling inside. He
text: grabs them. She SCREAMS and starts kicking, hitting him in
dialog: the groin.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT (cont'd)
dialog: (holding himself)
speaker_heading: OHHH!
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT. 9
text: Michelle falls out and runs to her car. She's fumbling
dialog: around with her keys when...
text: THE ATTENDANT opens the office door. He's approaching. She
text: can't find the right key. He’s almost there. Finally, she
text: gets the key and leaps inside.
scene_heading: INT. LAND ROVER - NIGHT. 10
text: She starts the engine and looks around. He’s nowhere in
dialog: sight, when --
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT. iL
text: HE JUMPS in front of the car, shining menacingly in the
text: headlights.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: There’s S-s-some-!
scene_heading: INT. LAND ROVER - NIGHT. 12
text: Michelle hits the accelerator SMASHING into the attendant.
text: He's clinging onto the hood.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT. 13
text: The gas hose flies out of the tank spilling gasoline all over
text: the ground. Michelle makes a sharp turn into the road and
text: the attendant falls off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 13
text: He gets up and hobbles to the road trying to chase after the
text: car. It’s useless. He yells out and, finally, his words
text: come out without a stutter.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
text: THERE'S SOMEONE IN THE BACKSEAT!
scene_heading: INT. LAND ROVER - NIGHT. 14
text: She's already too far to hear his warning. As she sobs
text: hysterically, she doesn’t notice...
scene_heading: BEHIND HER
text: the black parka we’d seen earlier begin to move slightly.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON STEREO
text: She presses “Play” on the tape player. “Total Eclipse of the
text: Heart” again. She sings along, trying to make herself feel
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Turn around, bright eyes/every now and
text: then I fall apart/Turn around, bright...
scene_heading: BEHIND HER
text: The FIGURE in the black parka rises. His face obscured by a
text: furry hood. He raises an ax and begins to inch towards
dialog: Michelle.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON REARVIEW MIRROR
text: Hanging from it is a blue and gold TASSEL with “96” pinned to
text: it. Michelle looks in the mirror. It’s completely black.
text: She adjusts it and catches the reflection of the fur-trimmed
text: parka hood. She turns around.
text: HE’S RIGHT BEHIND HER
text: Her eyes widen. The SONG is reaching its crescendo. “Turn
dialog: around...every now and then I fall apart!”
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
speaker_heading: NOO0000000 !
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE AX
text: The killer swings. With a squishy THUD, her head is sliced
text: and flies straight out the sunroof.
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT. 15
text: The head rolls over the top of the car, mouth agape, eyes
text: widened in terror, and rolls RIGHT TOWARDS US until its mouth
text: fills the entire screen.
scene_heading: SLAM CUT TO:
text: A MOUTH, yawning.
scene_heading: EXT. PENDELTON CAMPUS - NIGHT. 16
text: Pull back to reveal NATALIE SIMON, a dark-haired, good
text: looking twenty year-old staring straight ahead.
text: Natalie's a serious type-A personality who'd probably feel
text: more comfortable in a Donna Karan power suit than the green
text: goose down jacket she’s currently donning. She knows exactly
text: what she wants out of life and has no time to waste...her Day
text: Runner is her bible.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I won’t encourage this.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: A Gothic, stone building. Its windows boarded with wood and
text: its front door locked with a heavy chain. The molding abov
text: the front door clearly reads, “Stanley Hall.” :
text: Next to her stands her friend BRENDA. She’s tall and
text: athletic and blonde. Her carefree demeanor the antithesis to
dialog: Natalie.
speaker_heading: BRENDA .
dialog: Cut me a little slack. I just
dialog: transferred here this year. Now do I say
dialog: Bloody Mary five or six times before I
dialog: hear the spirits?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Brenda, give it up. You’re not exactly
text: the midget lady from “Poltergeist.”
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Are you scared Natalie?
text: Natalie laughs.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 16
text: Brenda grabs Natalie by the arm and pulls her towards the
dialog: dorm.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont'd)
dialog: Here we go.
text: Brenda stops in front of a window and peers in through a
dialog: crack.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Bloody Mary --
text: Natalie rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont’d)
text: Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary.
text: Brenda looks at Natalie. Takes a deep breath, and...
speaker_heading: NATALIE :
dialog: (okay, I’m over this)
dialog: Bloody Mary.
text: Suddenly, we hear what sound like far-off, tortured SCREAMS.
text: Brenda and Natalie look at one another. They’re nervous.
text: The SCREAMS are getting louder and louder.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Come on.
text: They start to back away when...
text: A FIGURE appears behind them holding a light under his face.
text: They turn around and SCREAM.
speaker_heading: DAMON
speaker_heading: BUAAAAAA!
text: He LAUGHS hysterically. It’s Damon, goateed frat brother and
dialog: campus practical joker.
speaker_heading: DAMON (cont ’d)
dialog: You called?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: She was trying to summon the dead Damon,
dialog: not frat boys with badly grown facial
dialog: hair.
text: Damon instinctively touches his goatee.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 16 CONTINUED: (2) 16
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: What do you mean? It took me a month to
dialog: get this.
text: Natalie smirks. He smiles at her flirtatiously.
speaker_heading: DAMON (cont’d)
dialog: Anyway...it‘ll still tickle you in all
dialog: the right spots.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Keep dreaming man-boy.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: (angry)
dialog: So is this what you do with your free
dialog: time? Hang out in the rain by yourself
dialog: waiting to scare people like a total
dialog: freak?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Nah. Only when I see some idiot standing
text: in front of the dorm trying to summon the
dialog: dead.
text: He points to the frat house behind them.
speaker_heading: DAMON (cont'd)
dialog: I can see you through my window. Night
dialog: girls. See ya in class tomorrow?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Unfortunately.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: See ya.
text: He walks away. Natalie puts her arm around Brenda.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont'd)
dialog: Don’t tell me, tomorrow we're breaking
text: out the Ouija board and getting fashion
text: tips from Versace.
text: Brenda shrugs her shoulders.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Not a bad idea.
text: They look at each other and laugh.
dialog: 17
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: INT. PENDELTON COLLEGE RADIO BOOTH - NIGHT. 17
text: Small and cramped with posters of obscure college rock bands
text: hanging on the walls. A window looks onto the engineering
text: room where the ENGINEER sits, slouching over the controls.
text: We see a heavily made up, perfectly accessorized college girl
text: standing with a wireless mike headset. This is SASHA, whose
text: voice we heard earlier. She commands the airwaves like a hip
text: and sexy Dr. Ruth and becomes very animated as she speaks.
speaker_heading: BIJOU (O.S.)
dialog: (overmodulated)
speaker_heading: HELLO?
text: Sasha turns around, snaps her finger at the engineer and.
text: motions with her hand for him to lower the levels. He
text: quickly obliges.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Yes I'm here.
speaker_heading: BIJOU
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Um. Well...it’s kinda, um, embarrassing.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Spit it out Bijou.
speaker_heading: BIJOU
dialog: That's the problem. I didn’t.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Oh. Getting a little extra protein in
dialog: your diet, huh?
speaker_heading: BIJOU
dialog: (breaking up)
dialog: My stomach’s been killing me ever since.
dialog: Sasha, I think I can feel them swimming
dialog: around in there. Do I need to get my
dialog: stomach pumped?
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Bijou, I think the only thing you need
dialog: pumped is the air out of your head.
dialog: Swallowing is a major safe sex no-no.
dialog: Now, sounds to me like there’s nothing
dialog: wrong with your stomach that a shot of
dialog: Pepto wouldn’t cure. Don’t stress and
dialog: next time make sure to climb off that
text: volcano before it erupts. Next caller.
dialog: 18
dialog: ll.
scene_heading: INT. JAVA JOINT - NIGHT. 18
text: The campus coffee shop. Over the radio, Sasha’s radio show
text: is PLAYING. Natalie and Brenda sit in couches next to a
text: CRACKLING fireplace along with two guys, PARKER and PAUL.
text: Notepads and textbooks fill the table in front of them.
text: Natalie turns to PARKER, older than the others and wearing a
text: Sigma Epsilon sweatshirt. Parker has been at Pendelton for
dialog: seven years and has no intention on graduating just yet. Why
dialog: bother dealing with real responsibility when you're the best
dialog: known party guy on campus?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Parker, how exactly does Sasha come up
dialog: with this stuff?
speaker_heading: PARKER
text: She devours every issue of Cosmo. Calls
text: it her bible.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont'd)
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: So, finish the story.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Anyway, he was a professor on campus.
dialog: Maybe twenty-five, thirty years ago.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: What did he teach?
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: I don't know...biology or something.
text: PAUL, the sexy and soft-spoken journalist, sits next to
text: Brenda. He’s quiet and listens intently. The kind of guy
dialog: who seems to be able to read you with one glance.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It was actually abnormal psychology from
dialog: what I understand.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Not the point of the story, but fine,
dialog: abnormal psych it is. Anyway, he flipped
text: out one night. Went completely berserk.
text: Grabbed his hunting knife and headed into
dialog: Stanley Hall. Banged on every door. And
dialog: every student that answered, he took that
text: knife and slit their throats. Ear to
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 18 CONTINUED:
dialog: 12.
dialog: 18
text: He demonstrates it with a butter knife.
speaker_heading: PARKER (cont'd)
text: Did away with an entire floor before
text: stabbing himself straight through the
dialog: heart.
text: Again, he demonstrates with the butter knife.
dialog: The group
speaker_heading: PARKER (cont‘d)
dialog: UGGH...thus the annual Sigma Epsilon
dialog: bash.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: You have a frat party to commemorate a
dialog: massacre?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Any excuse to get plastered.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: (grinning broadly)
dialog: You betcha.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: So Parker when this happened, you were,
dialog: what, a sophomore here?
text: laughs.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: You can laugh but like I’ve said before,
dialog: I really see no point in graduating
text: before thirty.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What do you think Natalie? You buy it?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: A massacre? Of course not. It’s a
dialog: bullshit story you hear on every campus
dialog: in the Northeast. Show me the proof.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Well, that’s the thing. Pendelton knew
dialog: enrollment would suffer permanently, so,
text: in cahoots with the national news media
dialog: and various, other, powerful
dialog: organizations...they’ve done their best
dialog: to eliminate any information relating to
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 18
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Yeah, I’m so sure.
text: Suddenly there’s loud BEEPING. Paul checks his pager.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Just a sec.
text: He stands up and brushes against Brenda. She eyes him
text: longingly. Brenda turns to Natalie as he walks away.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Did you see how he brushed against my
dialog: leg?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
text: Slowly. Like a seduction.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I say he’s into it.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I don‘t know. He’s good-looking, smart,
dialog: straight. Not the type that usually goes
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Brenda, stop being so down on yourself.
text: The leg brush...it’s a sign.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Should I ask him out?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Let him come to you.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Yo! Don’t mind including me in some of
dialog: your chick banter.
text: Paul walks back.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Something’s come up. -I gotta get to the
text: newsroom.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Another e-coli crisis in the cafeteria?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 18
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I wish. That one almost got me the
dialog: student Pulitzer.
text: He winks at her, smiles and exits.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Bye!
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Okay guys, I've got a scary story too.
text: The group of lazy college kids who
text: flunked out and ended up making blizzards
text: at Dairy Queen.
text: She opens up her book. Parker and Brenda GROAN in unison.
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENCE HALL - NIGHT. 19
text: Natalie is fumbling with her keys. Suddenly, the door swings
text: open taking Natalie aback. Holding the door is a wrinkled,
text: gray-haired JANITOR with a friendly demeanor.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: There you go.
scene_heading: INT. DORM HALLWAY - NIGHT. 20
text: Natalie walks in.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Thanks so much.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Oh no problem at all. Just finishing
text: cleaning up.
text: We catch a glimpse of the tiny computer room he’s cleaning.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Well good night.
text: He smiles at her and goes back into the room.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE’ S ROOM - NIGHT. 21
text: It’s dark inside. The door CREAKS open...Natalie entering.
text: She feels around the wall for the light switch. She hits it
text: as she-shuts the door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 21
speaker_heading: TOSH (0.S.)
dialog: (angry)
text: SHUT OFF THE FUCKING LIGHT!
text: She‘turns to find TOSH, her gothic, manic-depressive roommate
text: in bed with a guy.
text: We see the room. Natalie’s half is neat and clean. The
text: walls of Tosh’s half are painted black and Marilyn Manson
text: posters hang from the wall. It’s a sty.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Sorry.
text: She turns off the light.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - NIGHT. ‘ 22
text: Natalie lies in bed, looking away as Tosh and the guy MOAN in
text: ecstasy. She grabs her pillow and covers her ears.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL - MORNING. 23
text: A large, auditorium style room. On the chalkboard it reads
text: “Intro to American Folklore.” The class is restless...no
text: sign of the instructor. In the middle of the classroom sit
text: Natalie and Brenda. Behind them, Parker and Damon. Parker's
text: eating a bagel and a brown PAPER BAG sits on his desk. Damon
text: is staring at the overhead clock. It reads, “9:09.”
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: I'm telling you, it’s ten minutes.
speaker_heading: PARKER :
dialog: Bud, I’ve been here six years. If the
text: professor has tenure, which Wexler does,
dialog: you wait twenty minutes. If not, ten’s
dialog: the max.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: (looking at clock)
dialog: 5-4-3-2-1...outta here.
text: He stands up. Just as he does, the door swings open. .
text: PROFESSOR WEXLER, middle-aged and wearing an obvious toupee,
text: walks in. He sees Damon.
scene_heading: PROF. WEXLER
dialog: Going somewhere Damon?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 23
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 23
speaker_heading: DAMON .
dialog: Me? No. Just stretching.
text: He stretches his arms exaggeratedly and sits back down.
scene_heading: PROF. WEXLER
dialog: Good. Lights please.
text: The eager TEACHER'S ASSISTANT hits the lights and turns on
text: the slide machine.
scene_heading: PROF. WEXLER (cont ’d)
dialog: Last week we discussed folklore as a
dialog: gauge for the values and concerns of the
dialog: society that created them. Today we get
dialog: more specific.
text: The slide machine CLICKS to a spooky drawing of a darkened
text: living room. In the background, a man in shadow is walking
text: down a staircase while a frightened and oblivious teenage
text: girl sits on a couch, phone up to her ear.
scene_heading: PROF. WEXLER (cont'd)
text: A baby-sitter receives menacing phone
text: calls and upon tracing them, realizes
text: they're originating from the upstairs
text: room. The room where she’s left the
dialog: children under her care to sleep. Who's
dialog: heard this before?
text: Most of the class raises their hands.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: That really happened to a girl in my old
dialog: town.
scene_heading: PROF. WEXLER
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Yes, I’m sure it did. I’m sure most of
dialog: you think this happened to girls in all
dialog: of your hometowns. But it didn’t. The
text: baby-sitter and the man upstairs is an
dialog: urban legend, contemporary folklore
text: passed on as a true story. There are
dialog: variations of this tale dating back to
text: the 60’s. All of them containing the
dialog: same cultural admonition: young women,
dialog: mind your children or harm will come your
dialog: way.
text: Damon leans over and whispers in Natalie’s ear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: 23 CONTINUED: (2) 23
speaker_heading: — DAMON
dialog: What's the chance that a better head rug
dialog: will come his way?
text: Natalie LAUGHS. Wexler turns around and sees her.
scene_heading: PROF. WEXLER
dialog: Something funny you’d like to share with
dialog: us Natalie?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No Mr. Wexler.
text: He stares at her hard.
scene_heading: PROF. WEXLER
dialog: Well then, why don’t you come down here
dialog: and volunteer for my experiment.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Experiment?
scene_heading: PROF. WEXLER
dialog: Don't worry. You'll probably survive.
text: Natalie takes a deep breath and stands up. She looks back to
text: ~ find Damon and Parker trying to conceal their laughter.
scene_heading: FRONT OF THE CLASS
text: Wexler hands Natalie a packet of Pop Rocks.
scene_heading: PROF. WEXLER
dialog: Had these before?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Pop Rocks? Sure. They crackle in your
dialog: mouth.
scene_heading: PROF. WEXLER
dialog: Eat some.
text: She pours the candy into her mouth. It’s POPPING.
scene_heading: : PROF. WEXLER (cont ’d)
dialog: Thirsty?
text: Wexler holds out a can of Coke. Natalie instinctively spits
dialog: out. .
speaker_heading: WEXLER
dialog: . Is there something you might have heard
dialog: ~ about mixing pop rocks and coke?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 23
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Well, supposedly your stomach,
text: intestines, everything...bursts.
speaker_heading: WEXLER
dialog: Really? Anyone you know died this way?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: Mikey. From the Life cereal commercial.
dialog: You know, “Give it to Mikey. He’ll eat
dialog: anything.”
text: The slide machine CLICKS. A still of Mikey from the
text: commercial appears.
speaker_heading: WEXLER
dialog: You mean him.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Another CLICK. A picture of a smiling, middle-aged man
text: appears on screen.
speaker_heading: WEXLER (cont'd)
dialog: What if I told you this is Mikey today.
text: Alive and well and working as an ad
dialog: executive in New York. Would you eat it
dialog: then?
text: Natalie looks around the class. All eyes on her.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I think I'll pass.
text: Wexler looks disappointed. Suddenly Damon stands up.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: I'll do it!
text: Damon walks down and grabs the Pop Rocks. He swallows it
text: down with a swig of Coke. He’s fine.
speaker_heading: WEXLER
text: Again, nothing more than an urban legend.
text: Suddenly, Damon falls to the floor. The class GASPS. He’s
text: spasming uncontrollably as pop rocks drool down the side of
text: his mouth.
text: Parker jumps up from his seat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 23
speaker_heading: PARKER
text: HE’S GONNA EXPLODE!
text: Brenda SCREAMS and runs out of the room. BOOM! It sounds
text: like something’s burst. The entire class stands and stares
text: at Damon who suddenly jumps up and laughs hysterically. He
text: pulls out the paper bag he was hiding under his coat.
text: The class bursts into LAUGHTER. Wexler shakes his head and
text: rolls his eyes.
scene_heading: PROF. WEXLER (cont'd)
dialog: All right children, shall we move on?
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS QUAD - DAY. 24
text: Natalie and Brenda step out from the classroom building.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You actually thought Damon was going to
dialog: explode.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Well I didn’t want to take the chance of
text: getting intestinal splatter on my outfit.
text: They turn a corner and stop dead in their tracks.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: A couple of police cars are parked in front of the student
text: union. Over by the newsstand, a crowd has gathered.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont'd)
dialog: What's going on?
text: Natalie shrugs her shoulders. As they walk towards the
text: crowd, a passing GIRL drops a copy of the Pendelton Daily
text: newspaper. Natalie picks it up. On the front page is a
text: huge, New York Post style headline that reads, “IS THERE A
text: LUNATIC ON CAMPUS?" There’s a big picture of Michelle
text: Mancini in the middle.
text: NATALIE stares at the paper, shocked.
speaker_heading: . BRENDA (cont'd)
dialog: (freaking ‘out)
dialog: You’ve gotta be kidding me! I knew I
dialog: should've gone to NYU.
speaker_heading: PAUL (0.S.)
dialog: (proud)
dialog: Can you believe the trouble I’m causing?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 24
text: They turn around and find Paul behind them.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Hi Paul...
text: He smiles at her for a second before something catches his
text: eye over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The patrician, middle-aged college dean, ROGER ADAMS, is
text: standing on the steps of the student union, clutching a copy
text: of the newspaper. Next to him is a young, black woman ina
text: security uniform. This is REESE, campus head of security.
text: She has a determined, intense look in her eyes.
text: The Dean turns to a couple of young INTERNS and whispers to
text: them. They immediately walk down and through the crowd and
text: begin confiscating the papers from the newstand.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey!
text: He runs over to the interns.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont‘d)
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
text: They ignore him. He looks at the Dean and runs over to him.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: You can’t just seize every copy here!
text: The Dean stares at him harshly.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: You‘re the one that wrote this
text: misconstrued, sensationalistic piece of
dialog: rubbish, didn’t you?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sure did.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: Let me tell you something young man, as
dialog: far as I’m concerned, the only lunatic on
dialog: this campus is you.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm...flattered.
text: He takes out his tape recorder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 24
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: May I quote you on that?
text: The Dean rolls his eyes and walks away. Reese steps up to
text: the recorder.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I have a comment. U.S. News & World
dialog: Report named Pendelton the safest
dialog: university in the country. I call it the
dialog: safest university in the Western
dialog: Hemisphere and I intend to keep it that
dialog: way with or without your help.
text: She turns around and follows the Dean.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thank you Reese.
text: He turns to Natalie and Brenda.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Well I guess I’m on the administration
dialog: hit list again.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (to Brenda)
dialog: Let’s get out of here.
text: Paul turns to Natalie and Brenda and holds up his recorder.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Wait! how about some interviews?
text: Students reacts to tragedy on campus.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: {forcing it; into recorder)
dialog: Today, I am deeply saddened and moved by
dialog: the sudden death --
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Come on.
text: Natalie grabs Brenda and drags her away.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: See ya. .
dialog: (she turns to Natalie)
dialog: Tell me you noticed him licking his lips
dialog: when he looked at me.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: Major lickage.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 24
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Yes.
text: Brenda jerks her arms back victoriously.
scene_heading: INT. JAVA JOINT - DAY. 25
text: We pull back from the television where a NEWSMAN is
text: discussing the murder.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN
text: ...The police are still searching for the
text: proprietor of the gas station.
text: Brenda, Natalie, Damon, Parker and Sasha are sitting around.
text: Parker has his arm around Sasha. Natalie is staring off into
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: (moved)
dialog: Someone told me her radio was tuned to my
dialog: show when it happened. My voice was
dialog: probably the last thing she heard. Can
dialog: you imagine?
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Yeah, one minute you’ve finally figured
dialog: out where your g-spot is, the next your
text: head is too far away to see it.
text: He starts laughing.
speaker_heading: SASHA
text: Hysterical, dumb ass.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
text: What if there is a lunatic on campus?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Fine with me, I’m hitting the slopes this
dialog: weekend. .
speaker_heading: PARKER
text: I heard the girl’s body kept driving by
text: itself even though it had no head.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Yeah, avd it pulled into a Taco Bell
text: drive-tnrough for dinner.
text: The group laughs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 25
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Anyone here know her?
text: Everyone shakes their heads, “no.” Natalie isn’t even
text: listening. Brenda snaps her fingers in front of her face.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont'd)
dialog: Hello...space cadet.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No, I didn’t know her.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Hey, I heard the dead girl gave good
dialog: head. Get it?
text: He grabs his head and pulls it back and forth.
speaker_heading: DAMON (cont'd)
text: SHE GAVE GOOD HEAD!
text: Everyone laughs except for Natalie.
scene_heading: EXT. NATALIE’S DORM - DUSK. 26
text: A faint orange glow lingers on the residence hall as the sun
text: disappears. Students are heading back to their rooms.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - NIGHT. 27
text: Natalie walks in. Heavy industrial music is BLASTING. Tosh,
text: decked out in black, is sitting at her desk, typing on the
text: computer and chain-smoking.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hey Tosh. Sorry about last night.
text: Tosh looks at her nastily.
speaker_heading: TOSH
dialog: Yeah well, don’t let it happen again.
text: Natalie puts down her things. She notices a spilled bottle
text: of pills on the floor. She kneels and picks it up. It’sa
dialog: bottle of “Prozac.”
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I think these are yours.
text: Natalie tosses it to Tosh who swallows one of the pills.
text: Natalie picks up the phone. We hear the staticky HISS of the
text: computer modem. Tosh is online.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 27
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Excuse me? Tosh?
speaker_heading: TOSH
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I need to check my voice-mail. Do you
dialog: mind getting off-line for a minute?
speaker_heading: TOSH
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Okay, but this is my phone line too...
text: She turns off the computer. We hear the familiar America
text: Online “Goodbye.” She storms out of the place. Natalie
text: holds back her anger and shuts off the grating music. She
text: dials the voice mail and puts the phone on speaker.
speaker_heading: BRENDA. (0.S.)
dialog: Hey it’s Brenda. Cardio funk hip-hop
dialog: aerobics tonight? Call me.
text: Natalie looks at herself in the mirror. Hanging off the side
text: of it is a blue and gold tassel like Michelle Mancini had in
text: the car. Natalie looks away. She takes her coat off and
text: goes to the closet to hang it. The answering machine BEEPS.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
text: Natalie...I heard. Everyone's talking
dialog: about it around town. What is going on
dialog: up there? You better be carrying the
dialog: Shrieker with you at all times. ALL
text: TIMES.
text: Natalie smiles to herself. She stops and kneels, picking a
text: packet up from the bottom of the closet. On it is a very
text: 80's looking picture of a heavily made up girl being
text: attacked, and holding up “The Shrieker” screaming device.
text: She takes the device out of the box and sticks it in her
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Better yet, maybe you should pack a bag
dialog: and come home for the weekend. Call me.
text: The machine BEEPS. As she’s about to close the closet door,
text: she looks up at the top shelf and sees her old high school
text: yearbook. She stares at it for a moment, then takes it out.
text: She walks over to her desk, sits, and opens it up.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON YEARBOOK
speaker_heading: , (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 27
text: A picture of the cheerleading squad. We see Michelle Mancini
text: and Natalie standing right next to each other.
text: She turns the page. Candid shots. One of them is Natalie
text: and’Michelle, eating ice cream, their boyfriends behind them.
text: CLOSE ON Natalie’s face. She’s in tears. There’s a knock on
text: the door. Damon.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Hey! I was just in the neighborhood.
dialog: Thought I’d pop by and see if you want to
dialog: go hang out at the house. Parker’s gonna
text: pierce Hootie’s nose.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hootie’s a dog.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: No reason he can’t be hip.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: That’s okay Damon.
text: He notices the tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: What's going on? You all right?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Yeah, I’m fine.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: You sure? Listen, we don’t have to go
text: hang out with a bunch of drunk frat
dialog: guys...we can go somewhere and just talk.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (not sure)
dialog: Um...
text: He grabs her shoulder.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: I'm a great listener you know.
text: Natalie looks at him. Maybe he’s not such a slimeball after
dialog: all.
scene_heading: INT. DAMON’ S CAR - NIGHT. 28
text: Damon jumps in. He offers her a beer.
speaker_heading: . (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 28
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Want a little something to warm you up?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Sure.
text: He hands her a beer and tries to start the car...it doesn’t.
speaker_heading: DAMON
text: Slight process.
text: He moves the steering wheel around, pumps the gas and the
text: engine ROARS.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: There we go.
text: He drives off.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE - NIGHT. » 29
text: A small lake in the wooded area separating the campus from
text: the town. On the other side, we can see school buildings. A
text: full moon shines ominously, illuminating the water. We see a
text: sports car parked under a tree near the edge of the lake.
scene_heading: INT. DAMON'S CAR - NIGHT. 30
text: A few beer bottles are strewn on the floor.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: So you and Michelle were like best
dialog: friends?
text: Natalie nods.
speaker_heading: DAMON (cont ‘d)
dialog: So why haven't you spoken to each other
dialog: in two years?
text: Natalie stares at him.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I'd kinda prefer not to talk about it
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: You don’t wanna open up. Completely
dialog: understandable. But I gotta tell ya...I
dialog: know exactly what you're going through.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: (sounding meaningful)
dialog: Sure. I lost someone close to me once.
dialog: My girlfriend. She...died.
text: He covers his face with his hands. Natalie puts her arm
text: around him.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I'm so sorry.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: It's okay. She was sick for awhile...had
dialog: a (reaching)...syndrome. I was afraid to
dialog: get close to anybody again after that.
dialog: And then, one day, it hit me. Why am I
dialog: being so selfish? I have so much love
dialog: inside of me to give.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (figuring out his game)
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: DAMON (cont'd)
dialog: MmmHmmm. And Natalie...you're in need of
dialog: loving.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I am?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Yup. You’re lonely. Repressed. Aching
dialog: to break loose. Kinda things only a man
dialog: can fix.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: And I suppose you're this man?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: You know: it.
text: Damon stares at her then tries to kiss her. She pushes him
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: . NATALIE (cont'd)
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Don’t be afraid to love Natalie. You
dialog: don’t have to be afraid anymore.
text: He tries to kiss her again, a little more forcefully. She
text: swings and punches him in the face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 30
speaker_heading: DAMON (cont'd)
dialog: Ouch!
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Drive me home Damon.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Fuck, I’m just tryin’ to help you out.
dialog: You don‘t have to act like such a
dialog: freakin’ bitch.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You asshole. Just start the car.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: You sure you don’t want to think about
dialog: this? I’m all about healing Natalie.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: One black eye or two Damon, you decide.
dialog: Start the car.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Hold on. I gotta take a leak.
text: He steps outside.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Pig.
text: She doesn’t look well. She opens up the vanity mirror.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MIRROR
text: She stares at herself for a second. As she goes to close the
text: mirror, we catch a quick, unclear reflection of something
text: outside. Natalie doesn’t notice. She’s waiting, looking
text: impatient. Finally, she opens her door and steps out.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE - NIGHT. 31
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Damon, hurry up and let’s go.
text: She walks backwards looking around. As she reaches the back
text: of the car, she turns to look forward and comes face to face
dialog: with...
text: THE KILLER. His hood is tight around his face making it
text: impossible to make out who it is. Natalie GASPS. She starts
text: backing away, fumbling in her pocket. She pulls out the
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 31
text: “shrieker.” It SHRIEKS for barely a second before it’s just
text: hissing air. She throws it at him and runs into the car.
scene_heading: INT. DAMON'S CAR - NIGHT. . 32
text: She locks the doors. Turns around. The back window is open.
text: As she reaches back to shut it, a GLOVED HAND grabs her hand
text: from outside and starts reaching inside, trying to unlock the
text: door.
text: Natalie grabs the keys from the ignition and stabs his hand.
text: The killer falls back and Natalie is able to shut the window.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont'd)
dialog: DAMON! ! !
text: She HONKS the horn, then: BOOM! From above. She stops
text: honking. BOOM! She looks up. The roof of the car is
text: denting...someone's walking on it. She tries starting the
dialog: car. It won't.
text: BOOM! A dent right above her head. Natalie reclines the
text: seat back. She’s shaking. She stares up at the roof. It’s
text: silent. Then, we begin to hear a low, steady sound. It’s
text: getting louder and louder. SCRATCHING. Natalie is
text: dumbfounded. It’s furious now. Like he’s trying to scratch
text: his way inside the car. She jumps up and again tries the
text: car. As we hear the engine choking, we PAN UP.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE - NIGHT. 33
text: We see bare feet furiously scratching the roof. Then as we
text: go up further we realize it’s Damon. He’s hung by a rope. He
text: keeps himself from being choked by holding onto his neck. He
text: can barely get his words out...
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: (breathlessly)
dialog: Don’t start the car! Don’t start the
dialog: car!
scene_heading: INT. DAMON'S CAR - NIGHT. 34
text: Natalie is still feverishly attempting to get the car
text: started. The SCRATCHING even more furious than before.
text: Natalie stops to catch her breath. She looks out the window.
text: Presses her face against the glass, attempting to see what is
text: happening on the roof, when suddenly...
text: THE KILLER'S HEAD pops down from over the car, right in front
dialog: of her,
speaker_heading: NATALIE
speaker_heading: AAAAAAHHHHH !
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 34
text: Natalie jumps back into her seat, adrenaline rushing, and
text: suddenly remembers the trick to starting the car. She moves
text: the steering wheel, pumps the gas, tries the ignition...THE
scene_heading: ENGINE ROARS.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE - NIGHT. 35
text: Damon's face is aghast.
speaker_heading: DAMON
speaker_heading: NOOO!
text: The car zooms away. We hear Damon's neck CRACK as his eyes
text: go blank and he’s pulled up towards the tree. We now see
text: that the end of the rope is tied to the back of his car.
scene_heading: INT. DAMON’S CAR - NIGHT. 36
text: Natalie SCREAMS as the KILLER lands on the front hood of the
text: car. He’s holding on to the windshield wipers. She jerks
text: the car to throw him off. Suddenly, the car won’t move any
dialog: further.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE ~- NIGHT. 37
text: We see the tensed up rope not allowing the car to go forward.
scene_heading: INT. DAMON'S CAR - NIGHT. | 38
text: Natalie is shaking as The killer lurches up towards the
text: windshield.
text: ON THE DASHBOARD
text: We see the RPM’s going into the red as Natalie hits the
text: accelerator as far as it can go.
text: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD
text: The killer’s moved up to the windshield. He starts kicking
text: it in with his boots. The glass is CRACKING.
text: Natalie looks down at the gear shift, slams it into reverse.
text: She stares straight at the killer.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Fuck you.
text: She hits the accelerator. The killer goes flying off the
dialog: car.
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE - NIGHT. 39
text: The rope behind the car is slacking.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TREE BRANCH
text: Damon's body quickly starts to fall.
scene_heading: INT. DAMON'S CAR - NIGHT. 40
text: Natalie, out of breath, is looking back and doesn’t notice
speaker_heading: DAMON’S BODY
text: through the windshield, falling straight towards her.
dialog: SMASH!
text: Damon's body CRASHES through the windshield landing right ¢ on
text: top of Natalie.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont ‘d)
speaker_heading: NOOOOO!
text: The car stops moving. Glass covers the front. Natalie tries
text: pushing Damon off, but he’s heavy. She manages to get out
text: from under him and open the door.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE - NIGHT. 41
text: She falls out of the car and looks around. No sign of the
text: killer. She gets up and runs away.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY OFFICE - NIGHT. 42
text: On the wall hangs a large “Foxy Brown” poster with Pam Grier.
text: We hear a couple arguing 0.S. We track to a desk where Reese
text: is watching “Coffy,” another Pam Grier classic. Reese knows
text: every line and delivers it with as much vigor as Pam.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: This is the end of your rotten life you
dialog: motherfuckin’ dope pusher!
text: A shotgun BLAST followed by typical blaxploitation MUSIC.
text: Reese holds up her small, standard issue gun and pretends to
dialog: shoot. .
speaker_heading: REESE (cont‘d)
dialog: It was easy for him because he really
dialog: didn’t believe it was coming, but it
dialog: ain’t gonna be easy for you, ‘cause you
dialog: better believe that it’s coming.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42
dialog: x
speaker_heading: NN
dialog: 43
dialog: r~
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: nN
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 42
text: Suddenly there's loud BANGING on the door. Reese rolls her
text: eyes at the interruption...her favorite scene. She opens the
text: door. Natalie is standing in front of her, distraught and
text: shaking.
speaker_heading: REESE (cont'd)
dialog: Girl what is wrong with you?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (hysterical)
dialog: They killed him! Somebody killed him!
text: Reese stares at her.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY CAR - NIGHT. 43
text: Reese is driving in the woods as Natalie sits, shaking.
text: Reese caresses her shoulder.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Honey, everything's gonna be all right
dialog: now. You hear me?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Turn here.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS ROAD - NIGHT. 44
text: Reese turns off the main road into a dirt path.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY CAR - NIGHT. 45
text: Natalie turns to Reese.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont'd)
text: Up ahead.
text: She closes her eyes. Reese stops the car.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Here?
text: Natalie looks up.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: THERE’S NOTHING THERE. She steps out.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE - NIGHT. . 46
text: She walks around. It’s the same spot. Reese climbs out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (stammering)
dialog: I-I don’t get it...
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: If you don’t mind me asking...WHAT THE
dialog: HELL ARE YOU ON?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Nothing! We were parked right here.
text: Reese kneels down and picks up an empty beer bottle.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Right here, huh?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Reese, I’m not crazy. I know what I saw.
dialog: It’s probably the same person who killed
dialog: Michelle Mancini!
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: That's impossible. The police arrested
text: the gas station attendant this evening.
text: Natalie is speechless.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY. 47
text: Brenda, Paul, Sasha and Parker are sitting around Natalie who
text: hasn't slept all night and looks it. Parker’s trying to hold
text: back his laughter.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Sorry. It’s just that, you've been had
dialog: Natalie.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (pissed)
text: He was dead when he crashed through the
dialog: windshield Parker, this is no joke.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Trust me, he’s my frat brother and the
dialog: best practical joker on campus. He once
dialog: convinced a freshman he was the middle
dialog: Hanson brother just so he could get laid.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: So where is he?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: 47 CONTINUED: 47
text: Parker pulls out a paper with a phone number and the heading
dialog: ~ “Blair Mountain Ski Resort.”
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Weekend ski trip with his buddies from
dialog: back home.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Then where’s his car?
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: He drove.
text: A realization comes over Parker.
speaker_heading: PARKER (cont‘d)
text: Scratching on the roof of the car...don’t
dialog: you get it? It’s just like the urban
dialog: legend.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: What urban legend?
speaker_heading: PARKER
text: Wexler talks about it every semester. Guy
text: —~ and girl. Parked in the woods making
text: out. Guy steps out. Girl hears spooky
text: ~ scratching noises on the roof...it’s her
text: dead boyfriend, hung from the tree.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: And he was murdered. Remember?
text: Brenda is breathing heavily now.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
text: I'm starting to feel an anxiety attack
text: coming on.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Calm down.
text: He puts his hand on her knee. She looks at the hand then
text: winks at Natalie.
speaker_heading: . SASHA
dialog: Wait a second. That totally happened to
dialog: my sister’s ex-boyfriend's cousin.
text: Except he was hung from his feet and
text: scratching with his nails.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: 47 CONTINUED: (2) 47
speaker_heading: ~~ PARKER
dialog: It’s a variation babe. There's dozens of
dialog: them. Thus the windshield stunt.
dialog: (to Natalie)
dialog: Tell me, what was this killer wearing?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: A black parka.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: With a furry hood?
text: Natalie nods. Parker laughs.
speaker_heading: PARKER (cont’‘d)
text: His Nanook of the North spook outfit.
dialog: Look, Damon’s in the class. He knew the
dialog: myth. He must've planned the whole thing
dialog: out. Conniving bastard.
text: Something hits Natalie.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Wait a second. There’s an urban legend
text: 7 about a lunatic with an ax hiding ina
text: woman's backseat.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Hello, my mom still checks the backseat
text: before getting into a car.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: That’s how Michelle Mancini died.
text: Everyone stops arid stares at her.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont'd)
text: It's almost like someone out there is
dialog: taking these folk tales, our urban
dialog: legends...and making them reality.
text: Everyone is silent. Finally, the group bursts into
text: uncontrollable LAUGHTER. Natalie looks angry.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Who knew Ms. Skepticism herself would
dialog: envision such a daring concept.
text: Parker turns to Natalie.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Call Damon. You’ll see.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 47
text: CLOSE ON THE PAPER
text: Natalie stares hard at it.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - DAY. 48
text: Natalie walks in. Tosh is online again. She looks like she
text: hasn't stepped out of the room in days.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Tosh, do you mind if I --
text: Tosh turns around.
speaker_heading: TOSH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Nevermind.
text: She walks out.
text: ON THE COMPUTER SCREEN, we see that Tosh is in an America
text: Online chat room called "Goth 4 Goth.” Her screen name is
text: Forlorn22. She types, “Gothic guys on campus lookin’ to hook
text: up...IM me.” She takes a long drag off her cigarette and
text: waits for a response.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - DAY. 49
text: Natalie is on a payphone outside.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (0.S.)
dialog: That group is in one of our phone-free
dialog: cabins.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Did they check in?
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Oh, sure they did.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I need to know if a specific guest, Damon
text: Brooks, is in that group.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: (typing)
dialog: Well...the cabin is not registered under
dialog: his name and we really have no way of
text: knowing exactly who’s in there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 49
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Can I leave a message at the front desk?
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Sure you can...but I can’t guarantee that
dialog: they'll stop by to pick it up.
text: Natalie looks defeated as she hangs up the phone.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBRARY - NIGHT. 50
text: A tall, brownstone structure towering over the campus.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY STACKS - NIGHT. 51
text: Dark and musty with no windows. Half the bulbs are burnt
text: out, darkening some of the aisles more than others. Natalie
text: slowly walks through the maze of bookstacks, searching the
dialog: stacks.
scene_heading: BEHIND HER
text: A SHADOW moves in the distance. Natalie spins around. Did
text: she see something? Just her imagination. She gets back to
text: scanning. Suddenly we hear distinct FOOTSTEPS. Natalie
text: stops in her tracks and looks around. The air is heavy with
dialog: dust.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hello?
text: No answer. She looks up one end of the narrow aisle then the
text: other. We hear the THUD of a book drop. It could be
dialog: anywhere.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont ‘d)
dialog: Is there someone there?
text: Silence. She turns around. Directly in front of her is the
dialog: book she’s been searching for, “Encyclopedia of Urban
text: Legends.” It’s a heavy volume. She grabs it with both hands
text: and pulls it out revealing...
text: EYES, staring right at her. Natalie SCREAMS and jumps back
text: against the shelves, knocking some books down.
speaker_heading: SASHA (0.S.)
dialog: Don’t freak out on me.
text: Sasha walks around and over to Natalie. She’s holding an
text: old, worn book.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: 51 CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: SASHA (cont'd)
dialog: I've been looking for this everywhere.
dialog: An early printing of the “Kama Sutra”...
dialog: with illustrations. You think Parker
dialog: will get into it?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Does your sexual guinea pig have a
dialog: choice?
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: No.
dialog: {A Pause)
dialog: What's that?
text: Natalie hesitantly shows it to her.
speaker_heading: SASHA (cont'd)
dialog: Encyclopedia of Urban Legends. Oh
dialog: Natalie, don’t tell me you still think--
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I don’t know Sasha.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Well let's take a look.
scene_heading: 52 INT. LIBRARY STUDY ROOM - NIGHT. 52
text: Natalie and Sasha are sitting down going over the urban
text: legends book. Some of the pages are illustrated. Natalie
text: turns to “The Boyfriend’s Death.” It resembles how Damon was
dialog: killed.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: This is it.
text: Sasha grabs the book and looks.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Hmm. Scary.
text: She flips a page.
speaker_heading: SASHA (cont'd)
dialog: Wait a second, this is definitely not an
dialog: urban legend.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 52
speaker_heading: SASHA
text: The gang high-beam initiation. Happens
text: all the time. Gang members drive around
text: at night with their headlights off at and
text: when someone flashes their high beams to
dialog: warn them, they kill ‘em. So gruesome.
text: Natalie snatches the book from her hand.
speaker_heading: SASHA (cont'd)
dialog: That's why I never warn anyone about
dialog: anything when I drive.
text: Natalie stares heavily at the book.
speaker_heading: SASHA (cont‘d)
dialog: Hello? Are you listening to me? Anyway,
dialog: I'm going. Gotta get started practicing
dialog: this.
text: She holds up the Kama Sutra book.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Bye Sasha.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOOK
text: We see the illustration of the “Gang High-Beam Initiation.”
scene_heading: CLOSE ON NATALIE’S EYES
text: This story is obviously hitting a chord.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - NIGHT. 53
text: Tosh is still waiting for a response. The ashtray on her
text: desk is overflowing with cigarette butts. Suddenly we hear a
text: RING. There’s a message from a “Gloomy4U.” It reads, “We're
text: on similar dark paths.”
text: Tosh types, “What U into?” His response: “Lithium.”
text: A smile cracks across her face. She types, “My type of guy”
dialog: with a little sideways happy face :)
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY STUDY ROOM - NIGHT. 54
text: Natalie is still looking over the book when, suddenly, the
text: overhead lights start to blink. Natalie jumps. The LIBRARY
text: ATTENDANT is standing at the doorway.
scene_heading: . LIBRARY ATTENDANT
dialog: We’re closing in fifteen minutes, guys.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 54
text: Natalie shuts the book. On the back is a paper with the
dialog: names of the last few people to have checked it out. The
text: most recent reads, “Damon Brooks.” She shakes her
text: head...maybe it is some kind of sick joke. She gets up to
dialog: leave.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - NIGHT. 55
text: Tosh is getting excited. “Where u at?” She types. “Close.”
text: is his response. “Tease,” she types.
dialog: “Gonna get ready. Let me know what room U R in.”
text: She gets up, grabs her makeup bag and runs out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - NIGHT. . 56
text: Natalie is walking back to her dorm on one of the cobblestone
text: walkways that zigzag through campus. There’s a few street
text: lights scattered about. It’s desolate. She walks more
text: hurriedly. A FIGURE suddenly appears from behind Natalie,
text: sideswiping her. She jumps. It’s only a JOGGER.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Watch out!
speaker_heading: JOGGER
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Sorry.
scene_heading: INT. DORM BATHROOM - NIGHT. $7
text: Tosh is in front of the mirror, hurriedly applying makeup.
text: Smeared black mascara, black eyeliner, white face powder,
text: etc. She runs back into the room.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - NIGHT. 58
text: She sits at her desk again and looks at the computer screen.
text: She rereads her last message, “Tell me what room U R in.”
text: Pan down to the response. “Yours.”
text: Suddenly, THE KILLER appears behind her. He covers her mouth
text: with his gloved hand.
text: We hear her muffled SCREAM as she struggles to break loose.
text: She tries typing “help” on the computer screen. The killer
text: hits a button and shuts off the computer. Before it goes
text: black, we hear the America Online “GOODBYE.” The killer
text: rolls Tosh in her desk chair over to her bed. She tries to
text: get up, but he knocks her down. He grabs her pillow and
text: covers her face. Her screams sound like MOANING.
dialog: s9
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: EXT, RESIDENCE HALL - NIGHT. 59
text: Natalie is walking into her residence hall, when a BITCHY
text: GIRL walks out.
scene_heading: BITCHY GIRL
dialog: Hmm...sounds like Elvira’s raising more
dialog: than the dead in there.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Thanks for the warning.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - NIGHT. 60
text: Tosh is GASPING for air. We hear the sound of the KEY IN THE
speaker_heading: LOCK.
text: THE KILLER grabs the lamp cord and unplugs it. It’s
text: completely dark now.
text: THE DOOR swings open.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON WALL
text: Natalie is feeling for the light switch. She’s almost
text: reached it when...she hears the MOANING. She opts against
dialog: it.
text: CLOSE ON TOSH. Her violent jerking can be mistaken for
dialog: something else.
text: Natalie lock the door once, then, after some thought, lock it
text: again. She makes her way through the room in the dark,
text: accidently bumping into Tosh’s bed.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Sorry. Not looking.
text: Natalie climbs into bed, covering her ears with the pillow.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TOSH
text: The life goes out of her.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - MORNING. 61
text: Sunlight is pouring into the room. Natalie slowly wakes up.
text: She stretches her arms, opens her eyes. Her vision is
text: groggy. She notices writing on the wall across from her.
text: Her vision slowly starts to come into focus. She makes out
text: the word “Aren’t.” She’s dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Aren’t...
dialog: There’s more.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont‘d)
text: You...glad...you...didn’t...turn on the
dialog: light?
text: It's written in dripping blood.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont‘d)
dialog: Tosh?
text: She turns to her side and finds...
text: a ghastly TOSH, her wrists slit, lying in bed staring
text: straight at Natalie.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont’d)
scene_heading: NOOOO0OON!
scene_heading: INT. DORM COMPUTER ROOM - MORNING. 62
text: Natalie is sitting down surrounded by Dean Adams, Reese and a
text: couple of COPS. The door is open and Natalie, eyes glazed,
text: is staring out at Tosh’s covered body being wheeled off by a
text: PARAMEDIC. The bitchy girl stands against the wall
dialog: watching.
scene_heading: BITCHY GIRL
dialog: (to paramedic)
dialog: You better check her pulse...she’s looked
dialog: like that for years.
text: Brenda appears at the door. She looks concerned and waves at
text: Natalie. Natalie waves back.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: Natalie?
text: She turns to him.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS (cont'd)
dialog: Some water?
text: He hands her a glass of water and sits in. front. of her.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: 62 CONTINUED: 62
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: So you heard moaning when you walked in.
dialog: Why didn't you turn on the lights?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I'd walked in on Tosh having sex before.
dialog: It wasn’t something I cared to see again.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: So you never actually saw anyone there?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No.
text: The Dean and Reese look at one another.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: Natalie did you know Tosh was manic-
dialog: depressive?
text: He holds up the bottle of Prozac.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: She painted half the room black. I hada
dialog: good idea.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: There’s no signs of foul play here. No
text: forced entry. No signs of a struggle.
dialog: No witnesses.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: This appears to be a very
dialog: tragic...suicide.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (disbelieving)
text: Tosh did not kill herself. There was
dialog: someone else in that room. “Aren’t you
dialog: glad you didn’t turn on the lights” for
dialog: Christ's sake!
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
text: A very morbid...suicide note.
text: Dead silence. The Dean compassionately places his hand on
text: Natalie's lap.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 62
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: Look, I’m having someone come in right
dialog: now and hold a counseling session with
dialog: the rest of the dorm. It might be a good
dialog: idea for you to sit in.
text: Natalie stares at the Dean and Reese. We track behind her
text: towards one of the computer terminals. On the screen is the
text: America Online sign-off message. It reads, “Goodbye
dialog: Gloomy4u.”
scene_heading: INT. DORM HALLWAY - MORNING. 63
text: Brenda and Natalie are slowly walking up towards the dorm
dialog: common area.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Natalie, maybe Tosh just couldn’t deal
dialog: with life anymore.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Tosh could never deal with life...she
dialog: just wouldn't kill herself. I don’t
dialog: understand what’s happening Brenda.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Maybe this counselor isn’t such a bad
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Have you ever been in therapy?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Did it help?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: No. But it makes for great conversation
dialog: at parties. .
text: Brenda smiles and Natalie forces one out too. They reach the
text: entrance to the common room and pause.
scene_heading: INT. DORM COMMON ROOM - MORNING. 64
text: A few students are gathered in a circle around ‘a late twenty-
text: something counselor, DOUG. He's wearing a white turtle neck
text: under a sweater and has a calm, involved look on his face.
text: Everyone else looks disinterested and bored. In the
text: background we hear ENYA playing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 64
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: .-This is all about compassion,
dialog: dialogue, mutual support --
text: All eyes turn to Natalie. He stops mid-sentence and looks
text: back. A wave of sympathy and emotion rolls over him.
speaker_heading: DOUG (cont’d)
dialog: You must be the roommate. Come here
dialog: sweetheart.
text: She slowly walks towards him. He speeds things up and grabs
text: her, hugging her tightly. He closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: DOUG (cont'd)
dialog: Ooze it all out...right on me, don’t be
dialog: afraid.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON NATALIE'’S FACE
text: This isn’t what she needs right now. Doug turns to Brenda.
speaker_heading: DOUG (cont'd)
dialog: Do you need to ooze too?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: (waving hands)
dialog: Oh no, I’m all oozed up.
text: He grabs Natalie’s hand and sits her down. Brenda follows.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Just sit right here. We’re discussing
dialog: just what Tosh meant to each of us. Who
dialog: has the talking stick?
text: A WHOLESOME GIRL raises her hand, clutching onto a wooden
dialog: stick. .
speaker_heading: DOUG (cont‘d)
dialog: You go ahead angel.
speaker_heading: WHOLESOME GIRL
dialog: (upset)
dialog: Well...one time Tosh threatened to gouge
text: my eyes out if I didn’t stop blasting my
dialog: Amy Grant CD. I thought she was really
dialog: mean...but now I know it was only a cry
dialog: for help.
text: She starts crying. He pats her back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 64
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: There, there. Which album?
speaker_heading: WHOLESOME GIRL
dialog: (through tears)
dialog: “Heart and Motion”
text: He smiles sympathetically.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I really like that one.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Anyone else have anything to say about
dialog: Tosh?
text: THE GROUP could care less about Tosh.
speaker_heading: DOUG (cont’d)
dialog: You?
text: He grabs the talking stick and hands it to a PREPPY GUY.
speaker_heading: PREPPY GUY
dialog: Um. I didn’t know her.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It seems that way now...to all of us,
dialog: doesn’t it? Like we never really knew
dialog: the real Tosh. Such is the depth of the
dialog: human soul.
speaker_heading: PREPPY GUY
dialog: No. I just didn’t know her. Never met
dialog: her in my life.
text: Doug angrily grabs the stick from his hand.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Anyone else? Natalie?
text: He tries handing her the stick.
speaker_heading: DOUG (cont'd)
dialog: You wanna grab the stick?
text: Brenda looks to Natalie. All eyes are on her. This is too
dialog: much to handle. .
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I just wanna be alone right now.
text: She stands up and walks out of the room. A BITTER GIRL turns
text: to the group.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 64
speaker_heading: BITTER GIRL
dialog: What's she so upset about...she’s the one
dialog: getting a 4.0 this semester.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: So...anyone up for a little role playing?
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENCE HALL - MORNING. 65
text: Natalie runs out of her dorm. She stops on the front steps
text: and catches her breath. She sits down and shuts her eyes,
text: completely overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: PAUL (0.S.)
dialog: Hey.
text: She looks up. Paul is standing in front of her, holding onto
text: his tape recorder.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Sorry Paul, I'm not doing any interviews.
text: He sticks the recorder in his pocket and holds his hands up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Strictly off the record.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I think I’m going crazy.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Happens to the best of us.
text: He sits down next to her.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont’d)
dialog: Did you see it coming?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Yes -- no. I mean...I don’t know.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: This suicide note I heard about.
speaker_heading: - NATALIE
dialog: Aren‘t you glad you didn’t turn on the
text: light...in her blood.
text: Paul looks away. Laughs.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That’s weird. When I was a kid, I heard
text: a story about a college girl who's
speaker_heading: (MORE) (CONTINUED)
dialog: (
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 65
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
text: roommate was murdered. The roommate
dialog: walked in that night and went straight to
dialog: bed. The next morning --
text: Natalie turns to him. Something hits her.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: An urban legend.
text: Paul looks at her.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont’d)
dialog: Paul, Tosh didn’t commit suicide. There
dialog: was somebody else in there. It’s really
dialog: happening.
text: Something hits Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Tonight’s the anniversary you know.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: What anniversary?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The Stanley Hall massacre. If it really
dialog: happened that is.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: How do we find out for sure?
text: We pull up behind them and see Brenda in the upstairs window
text: staring on.
scene_heading: INT. PARKER'S ROOM - DAY. 66
text: A small single in the frat house. The blinds are drawn and
text: Indian sitar music is PLAYING in the background. Sasha,
text: dressed in sexy lingerie, is lighting candles around the room
text: while Parker lies shirtless in bed, anxiously awaiting
dialog: whatever she has planned.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: So...what are we doin’?
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: It's a surprise.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: Hootie, a Yorkshire Terrier with a nose ring, is sitting on
text: the floor, staring up at her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 66
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: And Hootie is out of here.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Oh come on! He’s not bothering you.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Parker, he makes me uncomfortable.
text: She opens the door, about to let him out.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: It’s all right boy. You'll be back ina
text: few minutes.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: I only wish it lasted that long.
text: Parker sneers at her.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - DAY. 67
text: A college version of the bustling newsroom. Reporters piled
text: on top of each other typing on old computers or talking on
text: the phone. Paul and Natalie walk in.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We have an archive with every issue of
dialog: the Pendelton Daily that’s ever been
dialog: published. If there was a massacre on
dialog: campus you can bet it’s in there.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: So this is where you come up with your
dialog: lurid articles. .
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I don’t come up with them. They just
dialog: happen. Only thing I do is spice them
dialog: up, add a little intrigue...make ‘em
dialog: better. Nothing wrong with that.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Well you’ve managed to convince yourself.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Only way to survive. Over there.
text: He points to a wooden door.
dialog: (
dialog: 68
dialog: SQ.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSPAPER ARCHIVES - DAY. 68
text: A dimly lit room lined with large stacks. Natalie and Paul
text: are staring at an empty space in one of the shelves.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: I can’t believe this. They’re gone.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: They wouldn’t be anywhere else?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Nowhere I'd know of.
text: They're startled by a CREAK. They turn and find the janitor
text: mopping up.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How long you been working at Pendelton?
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Oh, started in ‘69, so almost thirty
dialog: years now.
text: Paul and Natalie look at each other.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Can you tell us what happened at Stanley
dialog: Hall? .
text: The janitor suddenly looks uncomfortable. He looks away.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: I don’t know what you're talking about.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Did people die there?
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: I can’t help you with that.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Look, this is very important. We need to
dialog: know if it’s true or not.
text: This is clearly not something the janitor wants to discuss.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 68
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Talk to Professor Wexler.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: He knows more than I do. But don’t tell
dialog: anyone I said anything.
text: He grabs his bucket and mop and walks out. Paul and Natalie
text: look at each other.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - DAY. 69
text: Paul and Natalie are storming out when, suddenly, Brenda
text: appears in front of them.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Hey guys! What’s up? I was just passing
dialog: by and --
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Brenda, I’1l talk to you later.
text: Paul completely ignores her as him and Natalie walk out.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: (yelling out)
dialog: I'll be at the gym!
text: She hushes, looking none too pleased with herself.
scene_heading: INT. PARKER'S ROOM - DAY. . 70
text: Sasha and Parker, both nude, are completely entwined. The
text: “Kama Sutra” book is propped up on the nightstand. Sasha is
text: writhing in ecstasy. Parker looks like he’s being crushed
speaker_heading: PARKER .
dialog: Can’t we ever just do it like normal
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: (moaning)
dialog: Parker, any expert will tell you the
dialog: secret to long-lasting relationships is
dialog: variety.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: I’m just saying, it wouldn’t hurt to get
dialog: into the missionary position every now
dialog: and then.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DOOR
text: We hear the faint sound of SCRATCHING. The door creaks open
text: and Hootie walks in. He's GASPING. Having problems
text: breathing. He walks over to the bed and jumps on. Parker
text: turns and sees him.
speaker_heading: PARKER (cont'd)
dialog: What's wrong?
text: Hootie just stares at Parker, helplessly.
speaker_heading: PARKER
text: Sasha. Sasha...enough! Disengage.
dialog: There’s something wrong with Hootie.
speaker_heading: SASHA
text: He's just getting excited watching us.
dialog: Now come on.
text: Hootie is now GASPING heavily. Sasha and Parker both look at
dialog: him when...
text: He COUGHS. Suddenly, a BLOODY FINGER flies out of his mouth,
text: landing on Sasha's breast.
speaker_heading: SASHA (cont‘d)
speaker_heading: AAAAHHH !
speaker_heading: PARKER
speaker_heading: AAAAHHH!
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY. 71
text: Paul is banging on Professor Wexler’s office door as Natalie
text: stands against the wall waiting.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He should be here...it’s his office
dialog: _ hours.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I don’t think Wexler’s much into
dialog: student/teacher interaction.
text: He tries the door. It’s unlocked. Paul heads inside. He
text: motions for her to follow. She hesitates and then goes
dialog: ahead.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: $3.
scene_heading: INT. PROF. WEXLER’S OFFICE - DAY. 72
text: It’s small and cluttered. A window looks onto the quad.
text: Paul is snooping around.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: What if he shows up?
text: He ignores her and points to another door.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What do you think that leads to?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Paul we should go.
text: He walks over and opens the door. A BLACK PARKA leaps out at
text: him. He jumps. It was hanging inside the door.
text: They both laugh. He looks inside the closet and his smile
text: quickly vanishes.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont’d)
dialog: Natalie...
text: She walks over, looks inside and freezes.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CLOSET
text: Laying on the floor is AN AX. We hear FOOTSTEPS approaching
text: and see A’ FIGURE’S outline in the door window. Paul pulls
text: her into the closet and closes the door. It doesn’t shut
dialog: completely.
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET - DAY. 73
text: They’re pressed up against each other. They look heavily
text: into each other’s eyes. Wexler is in the room. We hear
text: FOOTSTEPS as he walks to his desk. We hear him SHUFFLING
dialog: with some papers.
text: The closet door is slowly CREAKING open. They stare at the
text: expanding crack. The FOOTSTEPS outside seem to be heading
text: out. The front door opens and shuts.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Is he gone?
text: Paul looks out the crack.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 73
text: No one there. He nods. He opens the door slowly and they
text: walk out.
scene_heading: INT. PROF. WEXLER'S OFFICE - DAY. 74
text: Paul closes the door behind him revealing...
text: PROFESSOR WEXLER standing behind the door.
scene_heading: PROF. WEXLER
dialog: Lost something?
text: They turn around and freeze.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No.
text: He looks at them menacingly.
scene_heading: PROF. WEXLER
text: THEN WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING INSIDE
dialog: MY OFFICE?! ?!?
text: Paul and Natalie run out.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS QUAD - DAY. 75
text: An OVERWEIGHT GUY in a hurry dumps a soda cup on the grass.
speaker_heading: REESE (0.S.)
dialog: (over a P.A.)
dialog: You might wanna pick that up.
text: He stops and turns to find Reese in her security car, talking
text: over the loudspeaker. He nervously goes back and picks up
dialog: the cup.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY CAR - DAY. 76
text: Reese laughs to herself. Suddenly, Natalie and Paul burst
text: through the doors of the nearby classroom building. She
text: steps out of her car.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: . Hey! What the hell?!?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Reese! It’s Wexler.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
dialog: ~N
scene_heading: 7 78 INT. DEAN'S OFFICE - DAY. 78
text: The Dean is sitting behind his desk, staring daggers at Paul
text: and Natalie. Reese sits behind them, listening.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: Now Natalie, I know you're dealing with a
dialog: lot right now. Suicide --
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Tosh was murdered!
text: He closes his eyes and tenses up for a second then looks up
text: and smiles.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: Why do you two insist on creating an
dialog: unnecessary atmosphere of paranoia in my
dialog: school? Hmm?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Tell us about Stanley Hall Dean.
text: ~ Reese’s ears prick up.
speaker_heading: 7 DEAN ADAMS
dialog: It‘s a...what do you call it? An urban
dialog: legend. You hear that on every college
dialog: campus.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: But it had to originate somewhere.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Was Wexler involved?
text: The Dean is silent.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: Natalie, maybe you'd care to sheda
text: little light on something I noticed on
dialog: your file.
speaker_heading: . NATALIE
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: Your probation for reckless endangerment.
text: No response from Natalie. Paul looks at her, eyebrow raised.
dialog: Ne
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: f
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 57.
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: That was in high school.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: I know. Happened after you’d already
dialog: been accepted to Pendelton. You're
dialog: lucky. The admissions office might have
dialog: not looked upon a criminal record very
dialog: favorably otherwise. Would you care to
dialog: elaborate?
text: Natalie looks at Paul then at the Dean.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No I wouldn't. That has nothing to do
dialog: with what's happening.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
text: Natalie there is nothing happening except
text: two, completely unrelated tragedies.
dialog: Now, I want to be as supportive as
dialog: possible, but you’re skating on thin ice
dialog: right now. So I’m requesting you take an
dialog: academic leave of absence through the end
dialog: of the semester. It'll do you some good
dialog: to deal with what’s happening, back home,
dialog: with your family.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: So that’s it, that’s how you're going to
dialog: handle this? By sending me away?
text: The Dean is silent. Paul stands up.
speaker_heading: PAUL,
dialog: Let's get out of here.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: I’m not through yet. You‘re off the
dialog: paper Paul. This institution's had
dialog: enough of your inflammatory articles.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What? You can’t do this! There’s
dialog: something in the constitution called
dialog: freedom of speech!
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: The constitution doesn’t protect someone
text: who wrongfully yells “fire” in a crowded
dialog: theater. And Paul, you’ve yelled fire
dialog: one too many times on this campus.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: 719
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 78
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS (cont'd)
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Enjoy your weekend.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - DAY. . 719
text: The sun is now completely obscured by storm clouds. Paul and
text: Natalie step out of the administration building. There's a
text: tense silence.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Reckless endangerment...we’re not exactly
dialog: talking about running a stop sign here
dialog: are we?
text: No response from Natalie.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Natalie, I just lost a lot in there
dialog: following your lead. So, maybe I have a
dialog: right to know a little about your past.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: It‘s not something I wanna discuss.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You don’t wanna discuss it. Okay. Do
dialog: you want to discuss my career options
dialog: without a body of writing samples?
dialog: Because FYI Natalie, they’re kind of
dialog: limited. :
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Paul, whatever happened, it doesn't
dialog: change the fact that someone on this
dialog: campus is killing people!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It doesn’t? I don’t know if I buy it
dialog: anymore. Honestly, Natalie, I don’t know
dialog: if I ever bought it.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Just looking for the big story, huh?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You got it. But that’s over with.
dialog: So...write a letter to the editor.
text: He turns and walks away, leaving Natalie standing alone in
text: the quad.
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: 80 INT. DEAN’S OFFICE - DAY. 80
text: The Dean is on the phone. Reese is waiting to speak to him.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Oh yes, very, very well. Enrollment’s up
dialog: this semester and we've got record
dialog: admissions applications for next --
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Dean Adams?
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: (covering phone; serious)
text: Just a second.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Okay. No, all that’s been taken care of.
text: Thank God. Miles outside of Pendelton.
dialog: See you on Founder’s Day. Good-bye.
text: He hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS (cont‘d)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I was just thinking it might not be a bad
dialog: idea to add a few extra guards this
dialog: weekend. In case --
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: In case what?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Anything should happen.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: Tell me something? What kind of
dialog: frightening message do you want to send
dialog: out to our students, Reese? I think what
dialog: Pendelton needs right now is a few extra
dialog: counselors so we can get on the road to
dialog: healing. Don’t you agree?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: That story about the massacre. Is there
dialog: anything to it?
text: He stares at her harshly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 80
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
dialog: I think you should re-read your job
dialog: description and stick to it. And listen
dialog: to me and listen well...anything happen
dialog: on campus this weekend, you don’t blink
dialog: till you contact me first. Understood?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (holding back anger)
dialog: Understood.
text: She turns away and walks out.
scene_heading: EXT. SPORTING FACILITY - DAY. 81
text: Natalie walks into the high tech new sports center.
scene_heading: INT. SPORTING FACILITY - DAY. 82
text: It's practically deserted. Video monitors hang from the
text: ceiling. A news ANCHORWOMAN is speaking.
speaker_heading: ANCHORWOMAN
dialog: The storm is expected to bring up to
dialog: eight inches of rain tonight throughout
dialog: most of New England. Local authorities
dialog: are advising residents to avoid venturing
dialog: out.
text: Natalie walks up to one of the large windows that look down
text: into the pool area and peeks in.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: Brenda is down in the pool, swimming.’ Natalie knocks on the
dialog: window.
scene_heading: INT. POOL AREA - DAY. 83
text: We follow Brenda as she swims. We see Natalie up above. The
text: knocking is inaudible.
scene_heading: INT. SPORTING FACILITY - DAY. 84
text: Natalie stops and walks over to the door leading to the pool.
text: It’s locked. She walks back to the glass and looks down.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: The locker room door in the pool area opens. A cloud of
text: steam rushes out and a FIGURE in a black parka emerges from
text: inside.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 84
scene_heading: CLOSE ON NATALIE'S FACE
text: She’s overcome with panic. She starts BANGING on the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Brenda!
scene_heading: INT. POOL AREA - DAY. 85
text: We only hear silence as Brenda finishes her lap. The killer
text: is standing at the edge of the pool, seemingly waiting.
scene_heading: INT. SPORTING FACILITY - DAY. 86
text: Natalie is BANGING as hard as she can. She looks around. No
text: one’s in sight.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Help! Someone!
scene_heading: INT. POOL AREA - DAY. 87
text: Brenda reaches the edge and begins to pull herself out. The
text: killer is reaching for something in his coat pocket.
scene_heading: INT. SPORTING FACILITY - DAY. 88
text: Natalie turns to her side and sees a small TABLE. She grabs
text: it and SMASHES it against the glass, cracking it slightly.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: Brenda, wearing a one-piece lycra bathing suit that shows off
text: her taut physique, looks up. At the same.time, the FIGURE
text: removes the parka, revealing a female SWIMMER in a bathing
dialog: suit.
text: NATALIE is frozen, holding onto the table. Bad call.
text: Suddenly, A HAND reaches over and grabs her shoulder.
text: Natalie jumps, startled. She turns to find a WORK-STUDY
scene_heading: EMPLOYEE.
scene_heading: WORK-STUDY EMPLOYEE
dialog: Um. Problem with the furniture?
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS ~- NIGHT. 89
text: Natalie and Brenda are walking alone through the quad.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 89
text: Michelle and her in the car, laughing; the flashing of the
text: passing car; Natalie arguing with Michelle; The car skidding;
text: The dead YOUNG MAN.
text: Suddenly, a FIGURE appears behind them. He trails them
text: slowly.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: And you and Michelle never spoke again?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: A little at first. But I couldn’t
dialog: forgive her for what she did. And I
dialog: guess I couldn't forgive myself for not
dialog: doing something more to stop it.
text: Natalie is now in tears. Brenda puts her arm around her.
dialog: Suddenly...
text: THE FIGURE jumps in front of their face. It’s Parker. He's
text: waving the bloody finger in their faces.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: See, I told you it was a practical joke.
text: Damon left a rubber finger in Hootie’s
text: food bowl.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: What? .
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: You know, so he can chew on. That
dialog: choking dog legend...
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Never heard of it.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Yeah well, when you get to be my age,
dialog: you'd have heard them all. That fuck.
dialog: Something could've happened to Hootie.
text: Natalie looks away. She doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: PARKER (cont‘d)
dialog: So you girls coming to the party tonight?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: (answering for Natalie)
dialog: Yes. We’ll be there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: (
dialog: ™ 389
dialog: 90
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 89
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Cool. Remember, we're commemorating a
dialog: massacre so wear all black. Oh, and gory
text: face paint is strongly encouraged.
dialog: Later.
text: He walks off.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Brenda, I don't know if--
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Natalie, a party is exactly what you need
dialog: right now. I mean, what are you gonna
dialog: do, lock yourself in your room in case
dialog: some imaginary --
text: Natalie looks at her.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont'd)
dialog: Okay...a possibly non-existent serial
dialog: killer tracks you down and kills you like
dialog: an urban legend...come on, what's he
dialog: gonna do? Feed you poison pop rocks?
text: Natalie smiles slightly.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Will you promise to stick around me?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Of course. Unless I hook up with Paul.
dialog: Then you'll have to fend for yourself.
dialog: But since that's destined not too
dialog: happen...you're in luck.
text: They both laugh.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - DAY. 90
text: Paul is cleaning out his desk.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DESK DRAWER
text: Paul opens it up with a key and clears away some papers to
text: reveal an old BINDER. It reads “Pendelton Daily News -
text: 1973.” He opens it up. The first newspaper has a huge
text: headline, “Massacre at Stanley Hall.” Paul turns to his
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 90
text: The Janitor is dumping out the trash. They lock eyes for a
text: brief second before the janitor looks away.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT. 91
text: The Dean is approaching his black Lexus, briefcase in hand.
text: It’s the last car left on the floor. We hear the CHIRP of
text: the car alarm as he shuts it off. He hesitates for a moment
text: before opening the door. He peers through the window into
text: the backseat...just in case. He laughs at himself and shakes
text: his head. He sticks the key in the lock, when...
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS
speaker_heading: OUCH!
text: He winces and jumps back. He looks down...there’s blood
text: gushing from his right ankle. He stares down. Is there
text: something under the car? He slowly bends down to look,
dialog: when...
text: A SWITCHBLADE WIELDING HAND swings out and slices through the
text: Dean's left ankle.
speaker_heading: DEAN ADAMS (cont‘d)
speaker_heading: AAAAAHHH!
text: He falls to the ground. Blood is pouring from the wound. He
text: attempts to stand when the blade swings out again, slicing
text: the other ankle. He looks back. The Killer in the black
text: parka is underneath the car. The Dean, his face glazd with
text: horror, starts crawling away.
text: The killer rolls out from underneath the car and grabs the
text: Dean's leg. The Dean takes his briefcase and swings it at
text: the killer’s head, knocking him down.
text: The Dean hoists himself up but can’t walk. His Achilles
text: tendon is sliced. He tumbles down and drags himself as fast
text: as he can down the decline in the garage.
scene_heading: INT. DEAN'S CAR - NIGHT. . 92
text: The killer climbs in and sets the car in neutral. He turns
text: the steering wheel and sends the car down the decline.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT. 93
text: The Dean is almost to the pedestrian entrance. He‘s out of
text: breath and sweating. He turns around and sees...
text: HIS CAR rolling down in his direction.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 93
text: THE DEAN crawls faster. He's almost to the barricade
text: separating the entrance from the garage when...
text: THE CAR slams into him, CRUSHING him against the barricade.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRAT HOUSE - NIGHT. 94
text: The storm is quickly brewing as rain pours heavily and
text: flashes of LIGHTNING light up the sky. Crazed college
text: students are flooding into the house. A blow up CORPSE hangs
text: at the entrance. Music BLARES from inside.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT. 95
text: Everyone is dressed in black. Some of the kids are wearing
text: ghoulish death makeup. Everyone is drinking and having a
text: good time. The song “Rollercoaster of Love” is playing.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HOOTIE
text: The tube of a beer funnel is in his mouth. Parker holds him
text: up as he happily laps up the beer.
speaker_heading: FRAT BROTHERS
text: HOOTIE! HOOTIE! HOOTIE! HOOTIE!
text: Hootie, unable to drink anymore, pulls away, getting his fur
text: soaked by the splashing beer.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: That's my boy!
scene_heading: CLOSE ON STEREO
text: Sasha is standing there with a NERDY GUY. She rolls her eyes
text: at Parker's antics.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: I swear, my primal urges for dumb lugs
text: with large genitalia are quickly
text: diminishing.
text: The part, of “Rollercoaster of Love” where a girl SCREAMS is
text: blasting.
speaker_heading: NERDY GUY
dialog: (clears throat; flirtatious)
dialog: Did you know that this is an actual cry
dialog: for help by a girl being murdered?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 95 CONTINUED:
dialog: 67.
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: You're kidding me!
speaker_heading: NERDY GUY
text: Yup. Lifted right off a 911 tape.
dialog: That’s why it sounds so real.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: I'll never be able to listen to this in
dialog: the same way again!
text: She rolls her eyes and walks away.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE ENTRANCE
text: Natalie walks in alone. She looks around and finds Brenda.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Well it seems rather tame.
text: Out of nowhere, a wet Hootie scurries past them, dragging the
text: beer funnel with him, teeth clenching onto the hose.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Spoke too soon. I‘m going to the kitchen
dialog: to get something to drink....want
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: A beer.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: You got it.
text: Brenda walks off. Natalie turns around to find an OLD
speaker_heading: NEWSPAPER
text: directly in front of her face. Paul is holding it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It’s not a legend.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Where did you find that?
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Someone left it in my desk.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I don‘t know. Maybe that janitor. There
dialog: was one survivor that night Natalie.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: “~~ 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 95
text: He points to a PICTURE of a young Charles Wexler. The
text: caption reads, “Charles Wexler ~-- sole survivor of his
text: floor.", Natalie and Paul stare at one another.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM BUILDING - NIGHT. 96
text: We hear the 0.S. sound of falling RAIN and THUNDER. We pull
text: down a long, dimly lit hallway where Reese is making her
text: rounds, checking to see that each door is locked. A SMASH is
text: heard around the corner.
text: She quickly pulls out her gun and gets up against the wall,
text: inching slowly towards the corner -- very “Charlie's Angels.”
text: Reese jumps, gun drawn, to face the possible foe.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: An open window is blowing open and shut one of the office
text: doors. Reese laughs to herself. She walks to the window,
text: shuts it. She goes to close the door. The sign on it reads
text: “Professor Wexler.” The door doesn’t shut. She looks down
text: and sees the end of a lamp peeking out.
text: Reese is puzzled. She opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. PROF. WEXLER'S OFFICE - NIGHT. 97
text: It's completely dark. :
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Hello?
text: A flash of lightning reveals that the office has been
text: completely wrecked. Something is not right.
scene_heading: INT. FRAT HOUSE KITCHEN ~- NIGHT. 98
text: Sasha is talking loudly to a couple of other GIRLS as Brenda
text: fills up a couple of cups with beer from the keg.
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: So I heard the biology T.A. was in the
dialog: emergency room last week.
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: The cute one?
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: Mmm-Hmm. Seems he had a furry friend
text: stuck up his poop shoot.
text: Brenda turns around.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 98
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: A gerbil?
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: You did not hear it from me.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: I just want all of you to know, my radio
dialog: show's taken a very strong position
dialog: against gerbilling. (to Brenda) Did you
dialog: see Paul?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: He’s here?
speaker_heading: SASHA
text: I just saw him chatting Natalie up.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Thanks for letting me know.
text: Brenda walks away. Sasha turns back to the girls and they
text: continue gossiping.
scene_heading: INT. FRAT HOUSE FOYER - NIGHT. 99
text: Paul and Natalie are sitting alone on the stairs that lead up
text: to the second floor.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I’m sorry I doubted you.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Don’t worry about it. We just gotta get
text: a hold of the cops. .
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Seems Dean Adams already beat us to it. +
dialog: They thought it was a practical joke.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: Paul it almost feels like we’re being set
dialog: up...like we’re becoming a part of
text: someone else’s elaborate urban legend.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You listen to me...the only legend we'll
dialog: ever be a part of is our own, very happy
dialog: one, you understand?
text: They look deep into each other’s eyes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: (
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: 99 CONTINUED: 99
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Most urban legends...there’s some sort of
text: ironic twist.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Someone gets what they deserve in some
dialog: unexpected way. I get it. So maybe, if
dialog: this is our legend...we’d be getting to
dialog: that twist right about now.
text: Paul slowly eases his lips unto hers. They kiss
text: passionately.
text: As they make out, we see A SHADOW come over them. Natalie
text: opens her eyes and quickly pulls back.
text: It's Brenda, standing in front of them, holding two beers.
text: She’s not happy.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Let him come to me, huh Natalie?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No Brenda --
speaker_heading: BRENDA
text: Here. It's a light.
text: She shoves the beer in Natalie’s face, spilling most of it,
text: and walks out.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Brenda! Shit.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What was that all about?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: She...has a thing for you.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Kinda figured.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I’m going to get her.
scene_heading: 100 INT. PROF. WEXLER’S OFFICE - NIGHT. © 100
text: Reese grabs her flashlight and shines it on the office. She
text: slowly walks around. A disaster. Papers everywhere, a
text: turned over chair.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 100
text: She walks towards the closet door slowly. She holds her
text: breath and swings it open.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CLOSET
text: The ax and the black parka are missing. Reese steps back.
text: She almost slips, dropping her flashlight. She holds herself
text: up against the desk. When she looks down, the flashlight is
text: shining in a pool of blood.
scene_heading: INT. FRAT HOUSE - NIGHT. 101
text: Parker and the other frat guys are drinking shots. Natalie
text: approaches him.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Have you seen Brenda?
speaker_heading: PARKER
text: Yeah. Running out the front door.
text: Paul walks over to Parker and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Look Parker, it might be a good idea to
dialog: end this party a little early.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: There may be a killer out there. It’s
dialog: not safe,
speaker_heading: PARKER
text: Really? (screaming) EVERYONE! EVERYONE!
speaker_heading: LISTEN UP!
text: The music quiets down. People turn around and face Parker.
speaker_heading: PARKER (cont'd)
dialog: Paul here thinks I should end the party!
text: BOO'’S from the crowd.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Come on man.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Now tell everyone why you think they
dialog: should go home.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 101
text: Paul looks at Natalie. He’s on the spot.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: There’s a serial killer out there.
text: The room bursts into LAUGHTER.
speaker_heading: PARKER (cont’‘d)
dialog: And let me guess...this serial killer is
dialog: offing people based on urban legends.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's right.
text: Again everyone laughs.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: I've got a legend you may or may not have
dialog: heard of. Mediocre, attention seeking,
dialog: Woodward and Bernstein wanna-be realizes
dialog: he's gonna graduate and end up writing
dialog: gardening tips for Martha Stewart's
dialog: “Living.” Unless, of course, he finds
dialog: something to write about that’ll give him
dialog: lots of attention and a possible job.
text: Aaaah's from the crowd. Natalie stares heavily at Paul.
speaker_heading: PARKER (cont‘d)
dialog: There’s not much happening in hicksville
text: so he takes advantage of his homicidal
dialog: instincts and starts killing people ina
dialog: trendy, cover of Time, very special
text: edition of Oprah way. Basing them on
dialog: urban legends. .
text: Paul stares at him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah Parker. Doesn‘t sound like a bad
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Maybe you're the one that should take off
dialog: and let everyone else have a good time.
text: Paul nods then looks at’ Natalie. one last time before walking
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. PROF. WEXLER‘S OFFICE - NIGHT. 102
text: Reese is on the phone with the Dean's answering machine.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: 102 CONTINUED: 102
dialog: _
speaker_heading: _ DEAN ADAMS (0.S.)
dialog: Please leave a message.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Hi, Dean Adams. This is Reese. Are you
dialog: there? Hello?
text: She slams the phone down. She taps her fingers on her desk,
dialog: unsure of what to do.
scene_heading: 103 INT. FRAT KITCHEN - NIGHT. 103
text: A drunk Parker’s pigging out on leftover pizza and drinking
text: beer. The microwave is on. It sounds like popcorn popping.
text: The phone rings.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: (mouth full)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Hello?
text: He slams the phone down and gets back to the pizza when the
text: phone rings again.
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: PARKER (cont'd)
dialog: What!
speaker_heading: DISGUISED VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I'm going to kill you.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Oh really?
text: He walks over with the cordless to the Caller ID. It reads:
dialog: “Damon Brooks: 618-563-0562.”
speaker_heading: PARKER (cont'd)
text: The call’s coming from inside the house.
dialog: This is very familiar. Could it be? An
dialog: urban legend. Am I right? Hello? Don’t
dialog: get shy on me all of a sudden, fuckface.
text: Parker starts heading out of the kitchen.
speaker_heading: PARKER (cont’d)
dialog: This is the one about the baby-sitter.
text: She's getting the scary, harassing phone
text: calls. And when she traces them...
dialog: they’re coming from inside the house!
dialog: 74,
scene_heading: oe 104 INT. FOYER - NIGHT. 104
text: Parker is standing at the edge of the stairs. He starts
text: walking up.
speaker_heading: PARKER (cont'd)
dialog: But...ass wipe...aren‘’t you forgetting
dialog: something? I’m not baby-sitting any
dialog: kids!
speaker_heading: DISGUISED VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Wrong legend. This is the one about the
text: old lady who dries her wet dog in the
dialog: microwave.
text: A loud series of BEEPS coming from the kitchen. Parker spins
text: around and runs back.
scene_heading: 105 INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT. _ 105
text: The microwave has just stopped. He walks slowly towards it.
text: Stares at it. Pops it open.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HIS FACE
text: A look of horror. He looks away in disgust.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: (breaking up)
dialog: Hootie! (into phone) You sick
dialog: motherfucker!
text: He turns and runs out.
scene_heading: 106 INT. DAMON’S ROOM - NIGHT. . 106
text: Parker bursts in, still clutching onto his beer. The phone
text: is off the receiver. He tears the room apart.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: (hysterical)
dialog: Damon I’m gonna furnish you with a new
dialog: ASSHOLE! You hear me?!?
text: He walks towards the closed closet door. Swings it open.
text: BOOM! A basketball bounces off his head. He heads out.
scene_heading: 107. INT. FRAT HOUSE HALLWAY - NIGHT. 107
text: Parker staggers down the hallway, cup of beer still in his
text: hand. There’s a closed door. He swings it open.
speaker_heading: . HIS POV
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 107
text: A JOCK BROTHER and a TRASHY GIRL are having sex.
speaker_heading: JOCK BROTHER
text: WHAT THE FUCK PARKER!
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Sorry man, it’s just --
speaker_heading: JOCK BROTHER
dialog: Get the hell out of here!
speaker_heading: TRASHY GIRL
dialog: Yeah!
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Sorry.
text: Parker shuts the door. He takes another swig of the beer.
text: He holds his stomach. He looks like he’s going to be sick.
text: He goes inside the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT. 108
text: Parker sets the beer down and lifts up the toilet seat. He
text: kneels, about to throw up, when...
scene_heading: A GLOVED HAND
text: grabs the toilet seat and SLAMS it on his head, knocking him
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT. 109
text: Natalie looks up at the ceiling. She heard something. She
text: looks around nervously. .
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT. 110
text: Parker comes to. He’s bound and gagged. The beer funnel
text: tube stuck in his mouth. The Killer hovers over him. He
text: grabs a packet of Pop Rocks from his pocket ahd pours it down
text: the funnel. Parker’s muffled SCREAMS are quickly eclipsed by
text: the sound of SNAPPING AND POPPING. The killer then grabs a
text: bottle of Drano and pours it completely down the funnel.
text: Parker starts spasming wildly. Finally he stops. Dead. The
text: killer removes the tube and tape from his mouth. Blue liquid
text: and pop rocks drool down the sides of Parker’s mouth, the
text: only sound the CRACKLING of the candy. He exits the room.
dialog: 76.
dialog: -_~
scene_heading: od 111 INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT. 111
text: Sasha walks out of the kitchen and towards Natalie. She
text: looks impatient.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Where the hell is he? He knows I have to
dialog: be at work in fifteen minutes and I am
dialog: not walking in this rain.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Look for the dog. You know wherever
dialog: Hootie is, so is Parker.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Can't find the mutt either.
text: She looks to a wooden keyholder hanging on the wall. She
text: grabs one of the keys.
speaker_heading: SASHA (cont'd)
dialog: I’m taking his car. You need a ride back
dialog: to your dorm?
text: rm Natalie thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: 112 INT. SECURITY OFFICE - NIGHT. 112
text: Reese picks up the phone and dials "911." She gets a
dialog: recording.
speaker_heading: RECORDED MESSAGE (0.S.)
dialog: All circuits are busy. Please try your
dialog: call again later.
text: Lightning FLASHES and thunder RUMBLES outside. Reese shakes
text: her head incredulously.
scene_heading: 113. INT. PARKER'S CAR - NIGHT. 113
text: Sasha pulls up alongside Natalie’s dorm. It’s barely visible
text: through -che pouring rain.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: ...SO you two wanna get jiggy with each
dialog: other, but Brenda’s into him too. Do you
dialog: know how many calls I’ve gotten about
dialog: ~ similar situations?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 113
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: I don’t know what to do. I don’t want to
text: hurt her.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Well, what’s more important to you? The
dialog: best advice I can give you is to be
dialog: honest...otherwise it could turn into a
dialog: bad Jerry Springer scenario. Gotta go.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Thanks Sasha.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Anytime. Call me at the station later if
dialog: you're bored. Come up with some
text: scandalous questions.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Will do.
text: Natalie gets out of the car and runs to the front door of her
dialog: dorm.
scene_heading: INT. DORM HALLWAY - NIGHT. 114
text: Natalie walks towards her room. It’s the first time she’s
text: been there since Tosh’s death. She puts the key in the lock,
text: holds her breath and opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE‘S DORM - NIGHT. 115
text: Still standing in the hallway, Natalie reaches in and turns
text: on the lights.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: The room looks the same. She shuts the door behind her and
text: double locks. She looks at the wall where the message was
text: scrawled. There’s a fresh coat of white paint, but
text: underneath it we can still make out a faint shade of red.
text: Natalie looks away. She grabs her walkman. There’s a FLASH
text: of lightning and Natalie jumps into bed, covering herself
text: with the blanket. She turns on the radio and tunes to Sasha.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION - NIGHT. 116
text: Sasha is talking into her wireless mike.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 116
speaker_heading: FEMALE CALLER (0.S.)
dialog: It just feels soooo awkward for me to go
dialog: get birth control pills. So Sasha, I did
dialog: something really bad.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: FEMALE CALLER
dialog: Well my roommate has birth control pills.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: So you borrowed some.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CALLER
dialog: Not exactly.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: She doesn’t know?
speaker_heading: FEMALE CALLER
dialog: I’ve been replacing them.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: What have you been replacing them with?
speaker_heading: FEMALE CALLER
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: Baby aspirin...Now she’s pregnant and I
dialog: don't know what to do!
text: Suddenly the line goes dead.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - NIGHT. 117
text: Natalie is listening.
speaker_heading: SASHA (0.S.)
dialog: Can anyone out there hear me?
text: She sits up in bed. Something’s not right.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION - NIGHT. . 118
text: Sasha starts hitting every button on the switchboard.
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: SASHA (cont'd)
dialog: ; (into mike)
text: WVOP, Voice of Pendelton.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 79,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 118
text: Pan down to the window looking into the engineering room.
text: It’s dark inside. Her reflection is clearly visible on the
text: glass. Sasha slowly walks towards it. She’s in front of her
text: reflection. She presses her face against the glass, trying
text: to peer inside. Suddenly, the lights in the engineering room
text: glow brightly revealing...
speaker_heading: THE KILLER
text: directly in front of her face. Sasha SCREAMS.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - NIGHT. 119
text: The SCREAM jolts Natalie out of bed.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION - NIGHT. 120
text: The killer SMASHES through the glass with the ax. Sasha
text: moves away before the blade slashes her. She runs to the
text: door, tries opening it...locked. .
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE DOOR
text: It's been blocked with some office furniture.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE BOOTH
text: With each swing of the ax, glass flies across the room. The
text: opening in the glass is getting larger. Sasha is BANGING on
text: the door, looking back in terror.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - NIGHT. 121
text: Natalie tries calling Sasha. She gets a busy signal and
text: hangs up. She looks worried. :
scene_heading: INT. FRAT HOUSE - NIGHT. 122
text: The nerdy guy we'd met earlier Shh's everyone up and turns up
text: the volume on the radio. People are suspicious.
speaker_heading: NERDY GUY
dialog: Listen! She’s doing a radio play to
dialog: commemorate the massacre.
text: AAAHH’S from the crowd.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION - NIGHT. 123
text: The killer’s almost broken through the glass. Sasha manages
text: to open the door enough to climb through.
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. STATION HALLWAY - NIGHT. 124
text: Sasha squeezes through the opening, over the furniture.
scene_heading: BEHIND HER
text: The killer’s almost to her. Sasha pushes back the furniture
text: to keep him in. He starts banging on the door.
scene_heading: INT. STATION LOBBY - NIGHT. 125
text: Sasha runs down the steps and goes to open the front door.
text: It’s locked up. She starts banging on it.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Please! If anyone can hear me! There's
dialog: someone trying to kill me.
text: It’s glass so she can see out. The jogger we'd seen earlier
text: is running past the station.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: HELP! ,
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - NIGHT. 126
text: The jogger runs on,
scene_heading: INT. FRAT HOUSE ~ NIGHT. - . 127
text: Everyone listens intently.
speaker_heading: SASHA (0.S.)
dialog: Please...I don’t wanna die.
speaker_heading: NERDY GUY
dialog: She's a pro.
scene_heading: INT. STATION LOBBY - NIGHT. 128
text: Sasha turns around.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STAIRCASE
text: The killer is now at the top of the stairs.
speaker_heading: SASHA (cont-d)
speaker_heading: NOOOOOO!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SASHA
text: She looks around --- the elevator.
dialog: —_
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT. 129
text: She runs in and presses 3, the last floor, then pounds on
text: “Door Close.” As the doors shut, the Killer tries to stick
text: his arm in, but it’s too late.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - NIGHT. 130
text: Natalie is walking swiftly in the rain, holding an umbrella.
text: She’s heading for the station. She’s listening to Sasha
text: CRYING on her walkman.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT. 131
text: The elevator slowly goes up to the third floor. The doors
text: open onto a shelf-lined room filled with old records. She
text: steps out cautiously.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM - NIGHT. 132
text: Trembling, she walks slowly through the room. She spots a
text: window and runs to it. She opens it up. Climbs halfway out.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GROUND
text: It looks like quite a drop.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: One...Two...
text: Just as she jumps, the killer plunges his knife into her
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: DISGUISED VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Three.
text: Sasha is left dangling off the side of the building as the
text: knife holds her hand to the sill. She SCREAMS in pain as the
text: killer pulls her up and throws her against one of the record
text: shelves, toppling one over.
text: He walks over to her, holding up his knife. He goes to
text: plunge it into her chest. She rolls over and the knife goes
text: straight through a Celine Dion album.
text: Sasha pushes one of the shelves on top of him, knocking him
text: down. She hobbles towards the stairs. As she makes her way
dialog: down...
text: THE KILLER appears behind her and shoves her down the stairs.
text: She crawls into the radio booth.
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: EXT. RADIO STATION ~- NIGHT. 133
text: Natalie is BANGING on the front door. Locked. Suddenly,
text: music PLAYS on her walkman. “Rollercoaster of Love.” She
text: backs away and looks up at the window looking into Sasha’s
dialog: booth.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO BOOTH - NIGHT. 134
text: Sasha backs into a corner.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Please, anyone listening --
text: The killer bursts into the room.
speaker_heading: SASHA (cont'd)
dialog: He's going to...AAAAAHHHH!
scene_heading: INT. FRAT HOUSE - NIGHT. 135
text: Over the GIRL’S SCREAM in “Rollercoaster of Love.” we hear
text: Sasha's SCREAM. The remaining party guests listen in. They
text: start laughing.
speaker_heading: NERDY GUY
dialog: She remembered the story I told her!
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY CAR - NIGHT. 136
text: Reese is driving through campus scanning through the radio
text: stations. It stops on WVOP and the horrific SCREAM. She
text: can’t understand what is going on.
scene_heading: EXT. RADIO STATION - NIGHT. . 137
text: Natalie is listening on in horror.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: Through the window, we see Sasha jumps up. Her last gasp.
text: She presses her hands against the glass. As she falls
text: slowly, the blood smears. Behind her we now see THE KILLER.
text: The song abruptly stops. Another one starts
text: playing....Blondie. “One way, or another, I’m gonna find
text: ya...I‘m gonna getcha, I’m gonna getcha getcha getcha --”
text: The killer is looking down on Natalie. Horrified, she runs
dialog: away.
dialog: 138
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S DORM - NIGHT. 138
text: Natalie is banging on his door. No answer. Someone slowly
text: walks up to her from behind. Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey.
text: Natalie hugs him.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Paul...
text: He's completely soaked. She lets go and eyes him
dialog: suspiciously.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Where were you?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I just moved my car into the garage. The
dialog: lot out back was flooding. What's wrong?
text: Natalie breaks down.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Sasha’s dead! I saw her Paul. I know
text: he’s coming after us. We have to get
dialog: help.
text: Paul is shocked. He runs into his room picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont‘d)
dialog: It's dead. God damn storm. Natalie,
dialog: let's just get out of here. .
text: He gets up and heads for the door. Natalie stares at him
text: then picks up the phone. He looks back at her.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I was just making sure --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I told you the phones were dead. You
dialog: . didn’t believe me. Tell me, if I were
dialog: the killer, don’t you think I would've
dialog: killed you by now?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I don't know, it‘’d probably be smarter to
dialog: wait till we were out of your room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 138
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Better legend possibilities, right?
text: She stays quiet.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Come on, let’s go.
text: She hesitates before heading out with him.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - NIGHT. 139
text: Natalie and Paul step out of his dorm. They’re huddled
text: closely under an umbrella.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Where are you parked?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Over there --
text: As he points, there’s a sudden FLASH of lightning
dialog: revealing...
text: BRENDA standing in front of them. They jump, startled.
text: She's soaked.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: (worried)
text: I heard Sasha on the radio. What’s going
dialog: on?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Brenda, It’s no joke. There’s a killer
text: on campus. Sasha's dead. :
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Come on, we're leaving.
text: Brenda looks at them both. Natalie grabs her.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Brenda, I’m sorry. But you’re my best
dialog: friend and I’m not leaving you here.
text: Brenda nods and follows them.
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: EXT. RADIO STATION BUILDING- NIGHT. 140
text: Reese runs out of her car in the rain. She takes out a large
text: keyring and opens the front door.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION LOBBY - NIGHT. 141
text: She walks to the elevator and presses the call button. Looks
text: around. Just as the elevator door opens, there’s a BLAST of
text: thunder. Reese jumps and looks out the window, unaware of...
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT.
text: Sasha's dead body.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION LOBBY - NIGHT. 142
text: As the door begins to close, Reese turns and comes face to
text: face with the horrible sight. The door slams shut.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S CAR - NIGHT. 143
text: The group is driving down the dark road out of campus.
text: They're all silent. The only sound, the SQUEAKING of the
text: windshield wipers. Natalie grimaces in disgust. Brenda is
text: breathing through her mouth.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: What is that smell?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Dirty laundry. Sorry.
text: Outside, there’s a brightly lit Shell station in the
text: distance. The same one Michelle drove past.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Why don’t we stop there and see if the
dialog: phones work?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I just wanna drive straight into. town.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Paul, Brenda's right.. The roads are a
dialog: mess. You shouldn't be driving.
text: He looks at them. :
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Fine.
dialog: 144
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT. 144
text: Natalie and Brenda stand outside. The overhead carport keeps
text: them dry. Natalie is leaning against the trunk.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: Paul is inside, talking to the clerk.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I‘m fine with you two together, by the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Brenda, I fucked up. I shouldn’t have
dialog: done what I did.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: No. Look, I thought about it. And I'm
dialog: not going to be one of those selfish,
dialog: just-because-I-don’ t-have-a-boyfriend-
dialog: doesn‘ t-mean-you-can’‘t-have-one-either
dialog: type of friends. You two like each
dialog: other. You should be together.
text: Natalie smiles at her. She goes to give her a hug, stepping
text: away from the trunk.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont’d)
dialog: Natalie.
text: She points at the trunk. It’s unlocked and there's a piece
text: of cloth sticking out of it. Brenda walks over and starts to
text: open it. They both make a face as they catch a strong whiff
text: of whatever's stinking.up the car.
speaker_heading: TOGETHER
dialog: Ugggh.
text: Brenda opens the trunk all the way. Their eyes widen. Lying
text: inside is Professor Wexler’s body, his toupee stuffed in his
text: mouth. She lets go of the top.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON PAUL
text: He's still talking to the clerk.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Like I said...you could keep him.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: We have to get out of here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 144
text: PAUL is heading out.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
text: We're in the middle of nowhere.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Yeah and you think he’s planning to drive
dialog: us into town?
text: PAUL steps out of the store. Natalie and Brenda smile, wave,
dialog: then run the hell out.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey! What the hell!
text: NATALIE AND BRENDA run into the woods, back towards campus.
text: PAUL starts chasing them.
scene_heading: INT. WOODS - NIGHT. 145
text: NATALIE AND BRENDA smash through a thicket of branches,
text: trying to keep from slipping in the rain.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: (crying)
dialog: Natalie where are we going?!?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (breathless)
text: Back to campus.
speaker_heading: PAUL (0.S.)
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
text: The girls pick up their pace. Brenda’s lagging behind
text: Natalie. Natalie stops to catch her breath. She looks back.
text: Brenda’s gone.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont’d)
dialog: Brenda?
text: She’s all alone. She scans the area. Out of nowhere...
text: A DEER jumps over a fallen tree, startling her. Natalie
text: laughs, relieved. Then a loud,. ghastly SCREAM echoes through
dialog: the woods. It’s Brenda. ‘
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont‘d)
dialog: Brenda!
text: Natalie hears FOOTSTEPS approaching.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 145
dialog: —
dialog: 146
dialog: ro
dialog: ~ 147
dialog: -~
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 145
speaker_heading: PAUL (0.S.)
dialog: Natalie?
text: Natalie starts running frantically. She slips and falls
text: down, then quickly gets up.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT. 146
text: Natalie runs into the road, crying. She’s caught in the
text: headlights of an incoming car. The car comes to a screeching
text: halt. It’s the Janitor. He steps out.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Help me!
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: He's after me! Please, people are dying!
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Get in the car. I'll drive us out of
dialog: here.
text: Natalie nods and climbs in.
scene_heading: INT. JANITOR’S CAR - NIGHT. 147
text: They're heading out of campus. Natalie is holding herself,
text: trembling.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Oh my, this is horrible.
text: He notices her shivering.
speaker_heading: JANITOR (cont‘d)
dialog: I’ve got a coat in the backseat. Put it
dialog: on.
text: Natalie turns around. In the backseat is a BLACK PARKA. She
text: turns around slowly. Stares at him.
speaker_heading: JANITOR (cont'd)
dialog: It ain’t gonna bite ya. Put it on.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No that’s okay.
text: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD
text: The car spéeds past an intersection.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 147
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 147
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont‘d)
dialog: You missed the turn.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: I know a shortcut.
text: The janitor stares straight ahead, his face blank. Natalie is
text: nervous now.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Look, why don’t you drop me off here.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: What?
text: She goes to open the door. He locks it.
speaker_heading: JANITOR (cont’d)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: . NATALIE
dialog: Please, just let me out.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: I’m not gonna do that.
text: Natalie furiously starts banging on the door, trying to open
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JANITOR (cont'd)
dialog: Stop that! What’s wrong with you?
text: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD
text: A car is driving in their direction. Its headlights are
text: turned off.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Idiot kids.
text: They've almost passed the car. Natalie looks up and realizes
dialog: what’s happening.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HIGH BEAM SWITCH
text: The janitor is about to pull on it to signal them.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: NOOOO!!!
text: Too late. The high beam’s flashed. The car speeds past
text: them. It’s Paul’s car. It makes a sharp u-turn and starts
text: chasing them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 147
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont‘d)
dialog: It’s him.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SIDE MIRROR
text: The hooded figure is driving the car.
text: THE JANITOR tries flooring the accelerator but the car begins
text: to lose control in the rain. He slows down.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT. 148
text: Paul’s car starts slamming into the back of the janitor’s.
scene_heading: INT. JANITOR’S CAR - NIGHT. 149
text: The janitor is trying to keep the car from skidding out of
dialog: the road.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: What is he doing?
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT. 150
text: BOOM. Paul’s car hits the janitor’s.
scene_heading: INT. JANITOR’S CAR - NIGHT. . 151
text: The janitor is trying to keép control of the car.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Come on...
text: Paul’s car pulls up alongside the janitor’s. The killer is
text: staring straight at her. He SMASHES into-the side of the
dialog: car.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT. 152
text: The janitor’s car flies head first into a ditch.
scene_heading: INT. JANITOR‘S CAR - NIGHT. 153
text: It’s quiet. The only sound, the rain RAGING outside. The
text: janitor is unconscious.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hey. Hey!
text: The killer appears at the driver's side window. He's holding
text: a knife. Natalie SCREAMS. He opens the door. She tries
text: opening her door. It’s blocked. She rolls down the window.
text: The killer’climbs in. He swings his knife but misses. With
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 153
text: one swift movement, Natalie KICKS him. He drops his knife.
text: She climbs out the window just as he’s grabbing for her.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT. 154
text: She’s running as fast as she can when she looks back.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: Paul’s car is gone and so is the killer.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY OFFICE - NIGHT. 155
text: Reese bursts through the door. The intensity we saw in her
text: eyes when we first met her is back. She looks over to the
text: “Foxy Brown” poster and locks eyes with Pam Grier. NOTE:
text: Funky, early 70's blaxploitation music scores the rest of the
dialog: scene.
text: Reese opens up a drawer with a key and takes out a wooden
text: box. Inside lies a huge, silver Colt .45 with a mother-of-
text: pearl handle. She loads the cartridge and CLANKS it shut.
text: With one quick motion, she bends her knees, holds the gun
text: straight out and points it to her reflection in the mirror.
dialog: Reese is one Bad Mama.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - NIGHT. 156
text: Natalie is running through the wet, desolate campus. She
text: stops at an emergency phone, picks it up.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello?
text: It‘s dead. We hear a faint 0.S. SCREAM. .Natalie turns
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: Stanley Hall brightly lit in a FLASH of lightning. Natalie
text: drops the phone and walks towards the dorm. Again, a SCREAM.
text: This time, the voice is distinct.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (0.S.)
dialog: Someone! Help!
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont'd)
dialog: Brenda?
text: Natalie looks from side to side, there’s no one around. She
text: holds her breath and runs towards the entrance.
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. STANLEY HALL - NIGHT. 157
text: Natalie climbs through the broken wood that boards up one of
text: the windows and falls into the dorm. Inside it’s dusty and
text: bare. A FLASH of lightning reveals some rats scuttling
text: through the room.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (0.S.)
dialog: Help me!
text: Natalie looks up. Brenda’s upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT. 158
text: Natalie cautiously walks up the stairs. Again she hears the
text: SCREAM. It sounds like it’s coming from behind the closed
text: door up ahead. She opens it up. It’s one of the old dorm
text: rooms. She heads in.
scene_heading: INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT. 159
text: A couple of twin-sized beds fill up most of the room.
text: There’s a broken down desk to the side. Natalie doesn’t see
text: THE DOOR BEHIND HER SHUT
text: She spins around. Tries to open it. Someone’s locked her
text: in. She panics. There’s a couple of other doors in the
text: room. She rushes to one, opens it. Suddenly, a beer keg
text: propped against the door falls down. Some beer pours out.
text: It becomes more and more reddish and then PARKER'S HEAD
text: spills out.
text: Natalie SCREAMS. She turns to run and slips in the beer..
text: She crawls away. She's up against the bed. Another FLASH of
text: lightning reveals AN ARM sticking out from underneath the
text: Mattress. Natalie jumps. Stands up. She stares at the arm.
text: Slowly lifts up the mattress... ‘
text: THE DEAN is inside the box spring.
text: Natalie is in tears. She runs to the other door. When she
text: opens it, DAMON’S BODY swings out. He’s still hung.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Noooo!
text: There's another room beyond Damon. It’s lit. ‘She has no
text: choice and must walk through the doorway, right up against
dialog: him. .
dialog: (
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND DORM ROOM - NIGHT. 160
text: Natalie looks in. It’s lit by dozens of candles. She sees
text: Brenda lying on the bed. She walks to her. She’s dead.
text: Natalie starts crying. She sinks down to the floor. A
text: SHADOW rises over her. She turns around and...
text: A FIST slams into her face, knocking her out.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND DORM ROOM - NIGHT. 161
text: Natalie regains consciousness. She’s tied up and gagged in
text: bed. She struggles but it’s pointless. To her side is a
text: hospital operating room tray with medical equipment,
text: including a large SCALPEL. The Killer in the parka appears.
text: Takes off the hood. It’s Brenda. She smiles at Natalie.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Gotcha!
text: Natalie looks at her in disbelief.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont’d)
dialog: I must say, you've proved your friendship
dialog: to me Natalie. Coming to my rescue
dialog: without even a little pepper spray to
dialog: defend yourself. Very endearing.
text: Natalie tries to talk through the gag.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont'd)
dialog: Excuse me? I’m sorry, I can’t understand
dialog: a thing you're saying doll. Now if I
dialog: remove the gag, you gotta promise me you
dialog: won’t scream or it goes back in.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY CAR - NIGHT. 162
text: Reese is driving through campus, big gun sitting in the
text: passenger seat. In the distance is Stanley Hall. Something
text: catches her eye.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: There's light flickering in one of the second floor windows.
text: She hits the accelerator.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND DORM ROOM - NIGHT. 163
text: Brenda removes the gag from Natalie’s mouth.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: 163 CONTINUED: . 163
speaker_heading: a NATALIE
dialog: You're fucking crazy.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I prefer the term “eccentric.” But yeah,
dialog: I guess you can say I’ma little nutty.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Why? Why? You still haven’t figured it
dialog: out. Well, lucky for you Miss Thing,
dialog: I've got a visual aid.
text: She takes out a slide machine, the same one from Wexler’s
text: class, and turns it on. The image reflects off the wall
text: opposite Natalie. She CLICKS. A picture of a younger,
text: happier Brenda appears. She’s holding hands with a YOUNG
speaker_heading: MAN. .
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont'd)
dialog: There I am with my boyfriend. The love
dialog: of my life, Natalie. Have you met the
dialog: love of your life yet? Of course not,
dialog: oo you’re too self-involved to bother.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON NATALIE
text: Something in the picture is familiar.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont‘d)
dialog: Pic ringing any bells Nat?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Ding ding ding.
text: Brenda CLICKS the slide machine. A picture of a newspaper
text: clipping appears. The headline, “Teenager Killed in Apparent
dialog: Gang Initiation.”
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: . Marty Stuart was his name. The one you
dialog: and your friend decided to have a little
dialog: fun with, that one night.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Brenda, I wasn’t --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 163
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 95.
dialog: (2) 163
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: You weren't driving. But it was your car
dialog: Natalie. And you were there. Didn’t you
dialog: tell me something about not being able to
dialog: forgive yourself? Well, I thought, as a
dialog: friend, I could help you out in that
dialog: area.
text: Brenda stares at the picture. There’s a trace of sadness in
text: her eyes.
text: But just. for a second. She turns back to Natalie.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont’d)
text: The reporters immediately jumped on the
dialog: gang story because it was so much more
dialog: interesting than a couple of ditzy
text: cheerleaders playing a practical joke.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: They made the correction the next day.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Too late. The urban legend had already
dialog: spread. You two never even spent a night
dialog: in jail for what you did. Payback’s a
dialog: bitch, isn’t it, Natalie?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Please Brenda, you need to get help.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I told you I already tried therapy.
dialog: Obviously did me no good. I must say, I
dialog: kinda enjoyed all of this. Playing with
dialog: your head. You used an urban legend to
dialog: kill my boyfriend and now.
text: Brenda laughs. She walks to the tray and grabs the scalpel.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: What are you gonna do?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Just my fave U.L. The kidney heist. You
dialog: know this one don’t you? Guy gets picked
text: up by a woman at a bar. They go back to
text: her hotel room. She gives him a drink.
text: It's drugged. He’s knocked out. When he
text: wakes up...one of his kidney’s been
dialog: removed. Supposedly they’re sold on the
dialog: black market to wealthy foreigners in
dialog: need of organ transplants. Don’t think
dialog: it’s ever really happened...till tonight.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 163
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: She walks
dialog: She goes. t
dialog: 96.
dialog: (3) 163
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You won't get away with this.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Of course I will. I‘ve got the perfect
text: murderer in the trunk of Paul’s
dialog: car...Wexler.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You're sick.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: This was his room you know. He probably
dialog: slept in that same bed when that crazy
text: professor came and tried to kill him.
dialog: Twenty-five years ago this weekend. It’s
text: a pattern. Tonight he does away with
text: students and kills himself...in the same
dialog: manner as the course he teaches! It‘s so
dialog: clean isn’t it? The symmetry of it all.
dialog: Well, enough chat!
text: to Natalie’s side.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont'd)
dialog: Unfortunately, I have no anesthesia.
dialog: Sorry. You'll just have to bite real
text: hard on the gag and hopefully go into
dialog: shock soon enough.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Please don’t do this...
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Don’t you want to become an urban legend
dialog: Natalie? All your friends are now.
text: Brenda lifts up Natalie’s shirt.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont‘d)
dialog: Now let me see...is the kidney here or is
dialog: that the liver? I was always such a dope
dialog: at anatomy. Who cares, right? First
dialog: organ I see...I’m grabbin’ it!
text: o stuff the gag in Natalie’s mouth. Natalie bites
text: her hand hard.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont‘d)
dialog: Ouch! You stupid bitch!
text: She slaps Natalie.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 163
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 163
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont’d)
dialog: I’m really gonna enjoy watching you bleed
dialog: to death.
text: Brenda stuffs the gag into her mouth. she takes the scalpel
text: and traces over Natalie’s skin. Blood is coming out of the
text: cut. Through the gag Natalie is SCREAMING in terror.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont‘d)
dialog: Paul's going to have his story after all.
dialog: And I'm going to have him. What did you
dialog: think? I was going let you take two guys
dialog: out of my life?
speaker_heading: PAUL (0.S.)
dialog: Sorry Brenda. You're not my type.
text: They turn to look. Paul is standing at the door.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Saw my car next door. You’re not as
dialog: clever as you think.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Oh great. I’m running out of legends
dialog: here Paul. What am I gonna have to do
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Drop it.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (cont'd)
dialog: From the looks of it, I’m the one with
dialog: the weapon here so...make me.
text: Reese steps into the doorway next to Paul, Colt .45 drawn.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: With pleasure.
text: Brenda looks on, unbelievingly. She drops the.scalpel.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Well, well, if it isn’t wanna-be cop.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Get your hands up and stand against the
dialog: wall, you loonie-psycho bitch.
text: Brenda grudgingly follows orders. Reese walks over to her.
text: Paul runs to Natalie and removes her gag. They hug
text: passionately.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: 163 CONTINUED: (5) 163
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Neither am I.
text: He starts untying her.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON REESE AND BRENDA
text: Reese is patting Brenda down. Brenda looks down at her coat
text: pocket. Just as Reese is about to touch it, Brenda draws a
text: knife out of the pocket and slashes her. Reese drops her
text: gun. Brenda grabs it. Just as Reese lunges for her, she
text: shoots her.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON PAUL
text: He’s running towards her. She points the gun at him.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Don’t move! Oh Pauly, you sure you don’t
dialog: want to reconsider? We could be
dialog: so...cute together.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sure I’1ll reconsider.
text: He walks towards her.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Yeah. Just give me the gun.
text: Brenda's taken by him. She starts to lower the gun. They
text: exchange smiles. Suddenly, he lunges at her. knocking her
text: down. A SHOT escapes, puncturing the ceiling. Brenda drops
text: the gun. The two of them struggle on the floor. She’s
dialog: reaching for it, when...
text: A HAND GRABS THE GUN. Natalie.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Get off of him.
text: Brenda stands against the boarded up window.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: 163 CONTINUED: (6) 163
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: You're gonna shoot me Natalie? Huh?
dialog: What kind of friend are you.
text: She goes for Natalie when a loud BANG stops her cold.
text: Another BANG and Brenda flies back, CRASHING through the
text: rotted wood boarding up the window. She lands with a THUD
dialog: outside,
text: REESE, is holding onto the standard issue security gun she
text: usually carried. Her pant leg is raised and we see the
text: hidden holster.
scene_heading: 164 EXT. CAMPUS - NIGHT. 164
text: Brenda lies on the wet asphalt, motionless.
scene_heading: 165 INT. SECOND DORM ROOM - NIGHT. 165
text: Natalie looks down.
speaker_heading: PAUL (0.S.)
dialog: Hey...Can you give me a hand here?
text: Natalie turns around. She casually sticks the gun in her
text: coat pocket. Paul is on the floor, obviously in pain. She
text: gives him a hand.
text: Reese is breathing heavily, lying down.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Reese...
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (weakly; bittersweet)
dialog: Got me in the abdomen...thought I’d have
dialog: to wait to be a cop before that ever
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Can you get up?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Hell no. Go and get help...quick.
text: Paul and Natalie turn to leave.
speaker_heading: REESE (cont'd)
dialog: And Natalie...good work there.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ()
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: 165 CONTINUED: 165
text: Reese winks at her.
scene_heading: 166 EXT. CAMPUS - NIGHT. 166
text: Paul and Natalie are climbing into his car.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Wait Paul. We should make sure she’s
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We don’t have time Natalie!
text: He's right...maybe. She gets in the car.
scene_heading: 167 INT. PAUL'S CAR - NIGHT. 167
text: : They're heading out of campus. Paul’s driving.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Me, a serial killer. Good one.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I tell ya, when I write the story, there
dialog: won't be anything left to sensationalize.
text: BEHIND THEM we see something moving. Brenda.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: This‘1l become a legend too you know.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You think?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No doubt. It‘ll change from person to
dialog: person though. Brenda will become a guy,
dialog: You’ll become a criminology student, not
dialog: a journalist and I'll end up in some
dialog: insane asylum.
text: Brenda raises an ax.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: So...if this is a legend...at what point
dialog: do we get to the ironic twist?.
text: IN THE BACKSEAT, Brenda is getting ready to swing...
text: CLOSE ON REARVIEW MIRROR. Paul sees her reflection.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: / 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 167
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont‘d)
dialog: DUCK!
text: Natalie and Paul duck, just as Brenda swings her ax. She
text: narrowly misses their heads. She swings again, misses. It
text: gets stuck on the side of the door.
text: Brenda is going to grab it. Natalie lets her seat go all the
text: way back and PUNCHES Brenda in the stomach.
text: Brenda and Natalie are fighting in the backseat. Brenda
text: swings open the back door. She grabs Natalie by the neck and
text: pushes her head outside. A tree stump is just a few yards
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Paul!
text: He swerves the car, knocking Brenda back. Natalie jumps, as
text: the tree SLAMS into the back door.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT. 168
text: Paul’s car swerves into another road, heading into the woods.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S CAR - NIGHT. 169
text: Natalie grabs Reese’s gun. She aims at Brenda and shoots
text: just as the car goes over a bump. The shot SHATTERS the side
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Watch it!
text: Brenda kicks the gun out of Natalie’s hands. She’s trying to
text: pry the ax out. As she does this, Natalie leans up and
text: fastens Paul’s seat belt. They look at each other. He
text: starts speeding up.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT. 170
text: We see the lake up ahead.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S CAR - NIGHT. 171
text: Natalie fastens her seat belt just as Brenda pries the ax
text: loose. She's standing above Natalie.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: So did you hear the legend about the girl
dialog: who didn’t wear her seatbelt?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 171
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Neither did I.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE - NIGHT. 172
text: A tree is approaching.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S CAR - NIGHT. 173
text: Paul shuts his eyes.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BRENDA
text: She‘s about to swing, when BOOM! Paul SLAMS into the tree.
text: Brenda CRASHES through the front windshield, flying out of
text: the car.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE - NIGHT. 174
text: Paul and Natalie slowly step outside. It seems calm when
text: suddenly, Brenda jumps up.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
speaker_heading: AAAAHHH!
text: Natalie grabs the gun and SHOOTS out every last bullet.
text: Brenda falls into the lake and slowly starts to sink in the
dialog: rain.
text: Paul and Natalie embrace. They’re completely soaked.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Is this it?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: For us. But legends never go away. They
dialog: just change. :
text: They look towards the lake and see Brenda finally sink
dialog: completely.
speaker_heading: GUY’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: The lake was so cold, they had to wait a
dialog: couple of days to get the body. When
dialog: some special, extreme weather Navy SEAL
dialog: type guys could get over here and get it
dialog: out. the thing of it is...they never
text: found a body.
dialog: 175
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: INT. STANLEY HALL - NIGHT. 175
text: Six college kids, guys and girls, are gathered around BLAKE,
text: a young Parkerish frat guy who's finishing telling the story.
text: They're sitting in one of the old rooms. It’s lit by
dialog: candles.
speaker_heading: BLAKE
text: It wasn't there.
text: Everyone stares at him, wide-eyed. Then, at once, they all
text: begin laughing.
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: BULLSHIT!
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: It’s true guys! Happened right here at
dialog: Pendelton. I swear to God.
speaker_heading: HIPPIE GUY
dialog: So why haven't I heard it before.
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: Duh...have you listened? It all keeps
text: getting covered up.
speaker_heading: DORKY GUY
dialog: I’ve heard it. Matter of fact, Natalie's
dialog: my old roommate's cousin.
speaker_heading: TRENDY GIRL
dialog: No, Natalie’s my brother's ex-
dialog: girlfriend’s sister.
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: Oh, you see? This is how totally real
text: stories become unbelievable. Everyone
dialog: has to add a little something to it.
text: Suddenly, Reese appears at the door. They’re startled.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: As you all probably know, this building .
dialog: is off limits. So get your asses up and
dialog: out of here...NOW.
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: Hey Reese?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Cy)
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 175
text: He looks around. Everyone’s waiting for him to ask.
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: Nothing.
text: They stream past her. She suddenly grabs her stomach. A
dialog: pain of some sort.
scene_heading: EXT. STANLEY HALL - NIGHT. 176
text: The group is outside.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Good-bye guys. Thanks for another brain
text: cell deadening session.
speaker_heading: HIPPIE GUY
dialog: Hey...be careful out there.
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: I’m shaking in my Hush Puppies.
text: She walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - NIGHT. 177
text: Jenny is on a darkened walkway.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: The lake is in the distance. There’s some fear in her eyes.
text: She looks away quickly.
text: Leaves RUSTLE behind her. She stops and turns.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Hello? Is there someone there?
text: She rolls her eyes and laughs to herself.
speaker_heading: JENNY (cont ’d)
dialog: Paranoid.
text: She turns around.
text: BEHIND HER, a gloved hand reach out and covers her mouth. .
text: Her SCREAM is muffled. We see an ax swing up and glisten in
text: the moonlight and hear a loud THUMP as we...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
