dialog: 
dialog: <!--
dialog: if (window!= top)
dialog: top.location.href=location.href
dialog: // -->
speaker_heading: V FOR VENDETTA
speaker_heading: V FOR VENDETTA
dialog: by
dialog: Larry and Andy Wachowski
dialog: Based on the graphic novel by Alan Moore
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: In the darkness, we hear a voice, a woman's voice. Her name
dialog: is Evey.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: "Remember, remember, the fifth of
dialog: November, the gunpowder treason and
dialog: plot. I know of now reason why the
dialog: gunpowder treason should ever be
dialog: forgot."
text: Her voice has a strength that is metered by a calmness, a
dialog: deep centered peace that we can feel.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Those were almost the very first
dialog: words he spoke to me and, in a way,
dialog: that is where this story began,
dialog: four hundred years ago, in a cellar
text: beneath the Houses of Parliament.
text: In the darkness, we find a lantern. Guy Fawkes, a dangerous
text: man who wears a goatee, is struggling with a wheelbarrow
text: stacked with barrels of gunpowder.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: In 1605, Guy Fawkes attempted to
dialog: blow up the Houses of Parliament.
text: The wheelbarrow bumps over the heavy stone mortar of the
text: cellar floor. From the dark depths, we hear the sound of
dialog: dogs.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
text: He was caught in the cellars with
dialog: enough gunpowder to level most of
dialog: London.
text: Guy sees lanterns coming from both sides. He tries to run as
text: the dogs reach him first. He grabs for his sword as dozens
text: of pole axes pin him against the tunnel's stone wall.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Sometimes I wonder where we would
dialog: be if he hadn't failed. I wonder
dialog: if it would have mattered.
text: In the dim pre-dawn light, Guy is led to the gallows.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: I suppose the answer is in the
dialog: rhyme. More than the man, what we
dialog: must remember is the plot itself.
text: The coarse noose of rope is snugged up to Guy's throat. He
text: looks into the crowd until he finds a face, a woman's face,
text: staring up at him.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: For in the plot we find more than
dialog: just a man, we find the idea of
dialog: that man, the spirit of that man,
dialog: and that is what we must never
dialog: forget.
text: The lever is thrown and the woman looks down, a tear falling
text: down her face.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: This, then, is the story of that
dialog: idea, of that spirit that began
text: with an anarchist's plot four
dialog: hundred years ago.
text: Guy's body hangs in silhouette, lifeless against a red
dialog: morning sun.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN HOUSE
text: A young Evey sits on her father's lap, combing her Barbie's
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: I was born near the end of the
dialog: millennium, the year 1997. My
dialog: father used to say that people were
dialog: so afraid that the world was going
dialog: to end that they were willing it to
dialog: happen.
text: Her father sits beside her mother on the living room couch,
text: watching the news. From the look on their faces, the news is
dialog: bad.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: I don't remember much of the
dialog: century's turn. I don't remember
dialog: the market crash or the plague or
dialog: any of the Trafalgar riots.
text: The television flickers with images of heavily armed soldiers
text: fighting in a shelled city.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: I've read about them since but I
dialog: don't recall how any of them
dialog: impacted my life except for the
dialog: fear. They would hide it from me,
text: like a secret between them.
text: Little Evey sees her father staring at her mother. They
text: take hold of each other's hand, clasping them tight.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: But I could feel it.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: It is a new day. People are gathered along the street as if
text: they were waiting for a parade.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Of the chaos that seemed to swallow
dialog: the beginning of the 21st century,
dialog: there is one thing I do remember.
text: Evey holds her father's hand. Unable to see what is coming,
text: she can hear it.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Very clearly, I can remember that
dialog: sound.
text: We hear them, hundreds of marching soldiers.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: And I remember those boots, black
text: leather that gleamed bright in the
dialog: morning sun. I had never seen such
text: boots. All moving in perfect
dialog: unison.
text: Little Evey hides in the forest of adults, clinging to her
text: father's leg, staring as row after row of boots march by with
dialog: military precision.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: In the midst of a political rally for the emerging new party
dialog: calling itself Norsefire, we find little Evey now on her
text: father's shoulders.
text: Dascombe, a young man, paces the podium, inciting the crowd.
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: The time has come, London, to
text: return to a bygone age, an age of
dialog: tradition, an age of values that
dialog: have been disparaged and all but
dialog: forgotten. What this country needs
dialog: is a leader! A true leader to
dialog: remind us of that age. A righteous
dialog: leader with the strength of his
dialog: moral convictions to do what must
dialog: be done. I give you that man! I
dialog: give you our leader! Adam Susan!
text: Adam Susan rises and the crowd cheers. Evey's father looks
text: at her mother and again they clasp hands.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: It must have seemed so easy to
dialog: them. They offered such a simple
dialog: deal; give up control and we will
dialog: restore order.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN HOUSE
text: Little Evey is asleep in her bedroom.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: At first, the arrests were
dialog: political. Dissidents. Radicals.
dialog: Liberals.
text: A loud crash of splintering wood wakes her up.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: When my parents were younger, they
dialog: had been activists. They had
dialog: marched with Labor in the great
dialog: train strike.
text: The sound of heavy boots swarms through the house.
speaker_heading: LITTLE EVEY
dialog: Mommy?
text: Her bedroom door bursts open and a heavily armed soldier
text: scoops her up.
text: She is carried through the dark house which is filled with
text: soldiers. On the floor of the living room, she sees her
text: parents being bound with plastic zip-ties.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: My daughter! Don't take my
dialog: daughter!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Evey! Evey!
speaker_heading: LITTLE EVEY
dialog: Mommy! Daddy!
text: A heavy black hood is pulled over each of her parent's heads
text: as Evey is carried out of the house.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: I never saw them again. Overnight,
dialog: my life, my entire world was
dialog: erased.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: A nun with a switch in her crossed arms watches as Evey and
text: several other little girls scrub the floor of a dormitory
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: It was done so quickly and
text: violently, so completely, that it
dialog: began to seem that it had never
dialog: even existed.
text: A tear rolls down Little Evey's cheek.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE
text: A gay man is dragged violently from his Piccadilly home.
text: Outside, he sees his lover being forced to the cobblestones.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: The homosexuals were next. What
dialog: God had started with AIDS had to be
dialog: finished by man. It was God's
dialog: work. That's what we were told.
text: He reaches for him as the clubs rise and fall, vicious and
dialog: bloody.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: But once they were gone, there was
text: someone else. Someone different.
text: In another neighborhood, we see the police arresting
dialog: Pakistanis.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Someone dangerous.
text: In a different area, young black men are packed into a caged
text: van so tightly they are unable to move.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: There were those who understood
dialog: what was happening, who knew it was
dialog: wrong but who kept silent.
text: A young detective named Finch looks down as the van pulls
text: away. When he looks up, another man in a military uniform
text: whose name is Almond is watching him.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: And in the vacuum of that silence,
dialog: order was imposed.
text: Finch sticks his pipe in his mouth and turns away.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Again, we see the marching boots.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Order that was like those boots,
dialog: order that required rigorous
dialog: discipline. Order that is exactly
dialog: the same, where each single step
text: falls with every step. The order
dialog: of the many shaped into one.
text: We move through the columns of marching soldiers to a wall
text: where a poster has been plastered up. The poster reads,
dialog: "Strength Through Purity, Purity Through Faith."
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Somehow in my heart, I knew it
dialog: wouldn't last.
text: As the sound of the marching fades, a shadow falls over the
dialog: sign.
text: After a moment, we hear the hiss of spray paint.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: What they thought they had crushed,
dialog: the spirit they believed trampled
text: and ground beneath the marching of
text: their boots, rose up, rose as if
text: from a four hundred year old grave,
dialog: rose to remind us all that day.
text: The shadow sprays a "V" over the poster.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: Close on a loudspeaker. There is one on every major street
dialog: corner.
speaker_heading: FATE (V.O.)
dialog: Good evening, London. It's nine
dialog: o'clock, the fourth of November in
dialog: the year 2019 and this is the voice
dialog: of Fate broadcasting on 275 and 285
dialog: of the medium wave.
text: Beneath the loudspeaker is a surveillance system labeled,
dialog: "For your protection."
text: Bubble eyed lenses iris at the end of stalks that move,
text: insect-like, racheting and clicking as they watch a little
text: girl pedal her bicycle. The little girl glances nervously
text: over her shoulder up at the mechanical eyes watching her.
speaker_heading: FATE (V.O.)
dialog: People of London, be advised --
scene_heading: EXT. EVEY'S APARTMENT
text: There is a radio on a small makeup table.
speaker_heading: FATE (V.O.)
dialog: -- that Braxton and Streathon are
dialog: quarantine zones as of today.
text: Evey is now a young woman. She slips into a dress that is
text: little more than a nightgown. She tries to adjust it,
text: pulling it down at the hem, pulling it up at the thin
text: shoulder straps, but it is like trying to hide behind a
text: lamppost.
speaker_heading: FATE (V.O.)
dialog: It is suggested that these area be
dialog: avoided for reasons of health and
dialog: safety.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: Another radio in a room that seems to be of another world.
speaker_heading: FATE (V.O.)
dialog: Good news following the
dialog: productivity reports from
dialog: Herefordshire indicating a possible
dialog: end to meat rationing starting mid
dialog: February.
text: A man enters the room as he once entered the world. His body
text: is lean and strong and though we do not see his face, there
text: is a strength in his carriage, a power to his presence.
scene_heading: INT. EVEY'S APARTMENT
text: She packs tissue paper into the toes of a pair of high heels
dialog: that are too big for her.
speaker_heading: FATE (V.O.)
dialog: Police raided seventeen homes in
text: the Birmingham area, uncovering
dialog: what is believed to be a major
dialog: terrorist ring.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: We move over a dressing bureau, past a wig and over a pair of
text: black leather gloves, moving until we find the mask; it is
text: like something from the masquerade ball of another era. It
text: has an exaggerated goatee, harlequin cheeks and a smile,
text: forever fixed, at once be-guiling and be-deviling.
speaker_heading: FATE (V.O.)
dialog: Twenty eight people, eight of them
dialog: women, are currently in detention
dialog: awaiting trial.
scene_heading: INT. EVEY'S APARTMENT
text: Evey coats her lips with a lascivious red. She stares into
text: the mirror, her makeup like a mask over her own face.
speaker_heading: FATE (V.O.)
dialog: And that is the face of London
dialog: tonight.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: The man, now fully dressed in cloak, hat, and mask gazes into
dialog: the mirror.
dialog: This is V.
speaker_heading: FATE (V.O.)
dialog: And this is the voice of Fate
dialog: signing off and bidding you a
dialog: pleasant evening.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: Close on Evey's high heels, stumbling and awkward as she
text: walks down a dark cobblestoned street.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: Close on V's boots walking in the opposite direction so that
text: it seems they are walking towards each other.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know what brought us
dialog: together that night. I had never
dialog: been to that part of Westminster
dialog: but ever since I've known him, I've
dialog: stopped believing in coincidence.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: Evey looks up and sees a man standing mostly in shadow.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Excuse me? Uh... excuse me,
dialog: Mister?
text: The man turns around. It is not V.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Would you like... uh, would you
dialog: like to sleep with me?
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I mean, for money.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: That is the clumsiest bit of
dialog: propositioning I've ever heard.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh god, I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Is this your first time, darling?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Yes, no, I mean for money. But I
dialog: know what you want and I'll do it.
text: She presses her body to his, using her little girl eyes and
text: her woman's mouth.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Anything you want, mister. Please,
dialog: I need the money. I know I'm young
dialog: but I promise I know what I'm
dialog: doing.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: No. You don't know what you're
dialog: doing.
text: He pulls out his wallet and shows her a badge. The sight of
text: it knocks the breath out of her.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Christ, you're a Fingerman.
speaker_heading: FINGERMAN 1
dialog: Give the little lady a prize.
speaker_heading: FINGERMAN 2
dialog: I've got something to give her.
text: Evey turns and there are more Fingermen behind her.
speaker_heading: FINGERMAN 1
dialog: Prostitution is a class H offense.
dialog: Know what that means? It means
dialog: that we get to exercise our own
dialog: judicial discretion --
speaker_heading: FINGERMAN 2
dialog: And you get to swallow it.
text: The Fingermen laugh.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh god, please. It's my first
dialog: time. Please don't hurt me.
speaker_heading: FINGERMAN 1
dialog: Gosh, fellas, look at those big
dialog: innocent eyes. What do you think?
speaker_heading: FINGERMAN 3
dialog: Spare the rod, spoil the child.
text: Fingerman 2 laughs hard as he drops his pants.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh no!
text: He shoves her face first against a brick wall, lifting her
text: dress to expose her bottom.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Please, don't!
speaker_heading: FINGERMAN 3
dialog: You heard the man, sweetie. This
dialog: rod's for your own good.
text: Suddenly, they are no longer alone.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: "The multiplying villainies of
dialog: nature do swarm upon him."
speaker_heading: FINGERMAN 3
dialog: What the hell --
speaker_heading: V
dialog: "And fortune, on his damned
text: quarrel, smiling, showed like a
dialog: rebel's whore."
speaker_heading: FINGERMAN 1
dialog: We're police officers, pal.
speaker_heading: FINGERMAN 4
dialog: We're with the Finger.
speaker_heading: FINGERMAN 3
dialog: So bugger off!
speaker_heading: V
dialog: "Disdaining fortune with his
text: brandished steel, which smoked with
dialog: bloody execution."
text: In the clenched fist of black leather, we see a flash of
dialog: steel.
speaker_heading: FINGERMAN 1
dialog: He's got a knife!
text: V attacks and at once we know this is no normal human being.
text: A single blow sends the largest of the Fingermen flying
dialog: backwards.
text: But more than his strength, it is his speed.
text: A gun is cocked but before the hammer falls, a knife is
text: buried in the Fingerman's chest and --
text: Before the body falls, the knife is gone.
text: It takes a handful of seconds and three bodies lay on the
text: ground. V turns to the last Fingerman who is struggling to
text: pull his pants up.
speaker_heading: FINGERMAN 3
dialog: Jesus Christ! Don't hurt me!
text: V steps forward and he screams, bolting while holding his
text: pants up.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Good evening.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Who -- Who are you?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Me? I imagine all manner of names
dialog: shall be heaped upon my humble
dialog: visage but, for now, let us simply
dialog: say I am the villain.
text: He throws wide his cloak and bows deeply to her.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: And you would be?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Evey.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Of course.
text: They hear sirens rushing towards them. In a blink, he scoops
text: her up and dashes into the shadows of a narrow alleyway.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOPS
text: Police cars and several ambulances swarm over the area with
text: the dead Fingermen.
text: V watches them from above.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Why did you do that? Why did
dialog: you... help me?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Why indeed?
text: He takes out an old antique pocket watch. It is almost
dialog: midnight.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Almost time.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: For the music.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Music?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Yes, music. My music. You see.
dialog: Evey, I am a performer.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Is that why you're wearing a mask?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: We all wear masks. Life creates
dialog: them and forces us to find the one
dialog: that fits. Do you know what day it
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Uh... November fourth.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Not for long.
text: He looks out where, rising above the rooftops, he can see Big
dialog: Ben.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: "Remember, remember, the fifth of
dialog: November, the gunpowder treason and
dialog: plot. I know of no reason why the
dialog: gunpowder treason should ever be
dialog: forgot."
text: The second hand sweeps into the final minute.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Tell me, Evey, what good is an
dialog: actor that plays his part to an
dialog: empty theatre?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Nor do I. That's why you are here.
dialog: I need you, Evey. I need someone
dialog: to listen.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: To your music?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Yes. Yes, to my music.
text: From his sleeve, he pulls a conductor's wand.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Can you hear it? It's already
dialog: begun.
text: He begins to lightly tap the wand in the air and, very
text: faintly, we hear it.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I can't hear anything.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: At first, you have to listen very
dialog: carefully...
text: He continues to conduct and we begin to hear the music,
text: violins and horns that seem almost like a whisper or a wind
text: that steadily swells.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Ahh, yes. There it is. Beautiful,
dialog: is it not?
text: He turns to the parapet, his gestures growing grander as the
text: music rises and we recognize Tchaikovsky's 1812 overture.
text: The music mounts a climax and V points the wand at Big Ben as
dialog: cymbals crash --
text: Big Ben explodes with such force the world seems to shake,
dialog: while --
text: V, smiling, always smiling, points again with another
dialog: crescendo and --
text: The statue of justice is blown to smithereens.
text: V nods in appreciation while mustering the music towards it's
text: finale as fireworks begin lighting up the sky.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh my...
text: Everywhere across the city, people stand transfixed by the
text: dazzling shimmer of the fireworks until --
text: A strobing final blitz leaves a single, starry image floating
text: in the smoke filled sky.
dialog: It is the letter V.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: It's beautiful...
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Thank you.
text: From every direction, the city screams with the panicked
text: sound of sirens.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW GOVERNMENT BUILDING
text: A massive modern building that is the seat of the new
dialog: government.
text: A long, black car pulls up to the entrance. Adam Susan gets
text: out, wearing a long black trenchcoat over his pajamas. He is
text: the Leader and he looks older, heavier, and meaner.
text: He hurries past the heavily armed guards, barely
text: acknowledging the snap and cock of their Nazi-like salute.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: The Leader enters his main chambers and we see the Fate
dialog: computer system.
text: It is a cerebral cortex for a vast intelligence network.
text: Information can almost be felt coursing through its hard
dialog: drives.
text: The Leader sits, at once regaining a measure of composure.
text: He takes a deep calming breath and accesses the system.
text: Dozens of monitors fill with images from all across the city,
dialog: most of them are of the damage caused by V.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Gentlemen, I will hear your reports
dialog: now. Mr. Heyer, speak for the Eye.
text: Conrad Heyer appears on one of the screens. He is at his
text: desk inside the command center for the Eye, the governmental
dialog: organization responsible for the visual surveillance systems.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: We have less than two minutes of
dialog: usable footage, Leader. It took
dialog: the suspect less than a minute to
dialog: dispatch the Finger's vice patrol.
text: On an insert screen, we see grainy footage of V rescuing Evey
text: from one of the pole-mounted cameras.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: As you can see, the suspect's
dialog: reflex speed is extraordinary. As
dialog: is his strength.
text: As the last body falls, V seems to pause and looks back over
text: his shoulder straight into the camera.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Freeze it!
text: The Leader stares at the smiling face.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: I'm afraid the mask makes retinal
dialog: identification impossible.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Mr. Etheridge, report for the Ear!
text: Bunny Etheridge appears on another screen. Behind him, huge
text: spooling reels of audiotape wind constantly.
speaker_heading: ETHERIDGE
dialog: We were able to triangulate the
dialog: origin of the fireworks. We also
dialog: are currently monitoring a lot of
dialog: phone surveillance indicating a
dialog: high percentage of conversation
text: concerned with the explosions. All
dialog: suspect or significant transcripts
dialog: are being forwarded to Mr. Almond.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Very good. Mr. Finch, speak for
dialog: the Nose.
text: Finch, no longer the same young man, stands at the site of
text: the fireworks launch.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Thanks to Etheridge, we found the
dialog: launch for the fireworks. These
dialog: appear to be individually weighted
dialog: flares and we have found traces of
dialog: the same chemicals at both of the
dialog: detonation sites which leads us to
dialog: conclude that, despite a level of
dialog: sophistication, these devices are
text: all home-made with over the counter
dialog: chemicals, making them impossible
dialog: to trace. Whoever he is, Leader,
dialog: he's good.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Thank you for that professional
dialog: annotation.
text: An intercom opens.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT (V.O.)
text: Leader, Mr. Almond has arrived.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Very good. Gentlemen, keep me
dialog: informed of any further
text: developments. England prevails.
text: They answer in unison as Almond enters the office. His face
text: is harder but he has the same violent gleam in his eye.
text: The Leader turns in his chair.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Mr. Almond, do you know what this
dialog: is behind me?
speaker_heading: ALMOND
dialog: Uh... the Fate computer system,
dialog: sir?
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: No. No sir. It's more than that.
dialog: This, this computer is a symbol,
text: Mr. Almond. A symbol of the
dialog: highest attainable goal of mankind.
dialog: Do you know what that goal is, Mr.
dialog: Almond?
text: Almond does not. The Leader leaps from his chair while
text: pounding the desk.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Control, Mr. Almond! Control! The
dialog: world around us is a changing,
text: directionless, amoral morass and it
dialog: is up to man and man alone to set
dialog: things right!
text: He moves around the desk at Almond.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Without control, man is nothing
dialog: more than any other stinking,
text: sweating, brute animal. Control,
dialog: Mr. Almond. The control that we
text: have painstakingly built up over
dialog: the last ten years. Now, do you
dialog: understand what happened last
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: ALMOND
dialog: We... lost control.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Yes, Mr. Almond. Last night
dialog: someone did the unthinkable.
dialog: Someone hurt us. It is imperative
dialog: that we act swiftly and precisely.
dialog: I want that man found, Mr. Almond.
dialog: I want his head or, by god, I'll
dialog: have yours.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: Evey is wearing a blindfold and V leads her by her
text: fingertips, guiding her almost as if they were dancing...
text: His fingers slip free of her and she reaches out.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Wait. I've lost you.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: No, you haven't.
text: He is behind her and he removes the blindfold, revealing his
dialog: house to her.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh...
text: It is a labyrinth of interconnecting underground tunnels and
dialog: rooms.
text: The gallery is the main room as it is filled with an amazing
text: collection of human culture. There is art that spans from
text: the renaissance to the painted covers of Eerie comics,
text: literature that ranges from Shakespeare to Spillane,
text: philosophy from Plato to Bukowski, and a vast collection of
dialog: nonfiction.
text: There are movie posters everywhere and an entire wall is
text: lined with videocassettes.
text: A jukebox stands in front of an enormous vinyl and CD
dialog: collection of music.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: A jukebox? Where did you get it?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I saved it. Like everything here.
text: She punches a button and Billie Holiday begins to sing.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh, it's beautiful. I've never
dialog: heard anything like it.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Of course not. You grew up in
dialog: their world. Art is created by
dialog: individuals and there are no
dialog: individuals in a world where you
dialog: are told what to think.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: This place is amazing.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: You're welcome to stay.
text: She stops suddenly and looks at him. The offer is terribly
text: exciting but it is so unlike anything she has ever done that
text: it's almost impossible to imagine.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Stay here... with you?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Yes. If you like.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I... I don't even know your name.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I don't have a name. But you can
dialog: call me V.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: V? V... I like that.
text: And she returns his smile.
scene_heading: EXT. JORDAN TOWER
dialog: The only operating broadcast tower in London; home of the
dialog: Mouth.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO BROADCAST BOOTH
text: Lewis Prothero leans forward and lets his voice pour like
text: syrup over the microphone.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Good morning, London. This is the
dialog: voice of Fate -- Damn.
text: He stops and coughs.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Good morning -- ack. Good morning
dialog: Lond-- Goddammit! Where is my
dialog: bloody tea?!
text: In the control booth, Roger Dascombe, his hair thinner now,
text: rubs his temple.
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: Would someone get his lordship his
dialog: bloody tea?
text: He clicks on the microphone.
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: Lewis, they want this report on the
dialog: first hour --
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: I know. I know. Damned
dialog: inconvenient this entire affair.
dialog: Fine. Let's try again.
text: He clears his voice and the red "record" light turns on.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Good morning, London. It is 6 am,
dialog: the fifth of November 2019 and this
text: is the voice of Fate. The new day
dialog: brings good news and bright
dialog: prospects from overseas, where
dialog: negotiations with New China are
text: moving in a positive direction.
dialog: Last night's scheduled demolition
text: of two deteriorating landmarks went
text: off without a hitch.
text: Dascombe is unable to stop himself from smiling.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Spokesman for the Interior ministry
dialog: said both structures were severely
dialog: damaged and judged to be a danger
text: to the unsuspecting public. Plans
dialog: for new landmarks are well
dialog: underway.
text: Prothero sits back, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Do you believe this crap, Dascombe?
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: It's not our job to believe it,
dialog: Lewis. Our job is to tell the
dialog: people --
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: "Exactly what they tell us." I
dialog: Know but do you think that people
dialog: will believe it?
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: They will if it's you that's
dialog: telling it to them. Now let's try
dialog: it again.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: V is alone, listening to the first morning broadcast.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO (V.O.)
dialog: ... plans for new landmarks are
text: already well underway.
text: He clicks off the radio. Walking down a hall, he stops and
text: peers into Evey's new bedroom.
text: She is fast asleep, looking remarkably at peace. Quietly, he
text: shuts the door.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION
text: People are hurrying to board a departing train.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR
text: Prothero is staring out his window.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: "Remember, remember, the fifth of
dialog: November..."
text: He talks to his bodyguards almost as if talking to himself.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Do you suppose that's why he did
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD 1
dialog: Sir, who did what, sir?
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Guy Fawkes. He tried to blow up
dialog: Parliament.
text: The guards look at each other, confused.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Don't they teach history in school
dialog: anymore?
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD 1
dialog: Sir, we're both straight military,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD 2
dialog: Sir, yes, sir. I was fighting in
dialog: Ireland by the time I was sixteen.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Yes, of course. My mistake.
text: He turns back to his window.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD
text: The train rumbles along, heading for a tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR
text: Prothero watches the countryside rolling past.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: I love trains. I remember riding
dialog: the underground with my father.
dialog: Shame they shut them all down.
text: Bodyguard 1 looks out the opposite window just as the train
text: enters the tunnel.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD 1
dialog: What the hell's that!
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN
text: For a flashing instant, we see V in silhouette, cloak
text: swirling around him like dark wings as he jumps from the
text: bridge onto the train.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR
text: Prothero and Bodyguard 2 stare at Bodyguard 1.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD 1
dialog: I thought I saw a man jumping onto
dialog: the train.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD 2
text: The train's doing almost seventy.
dialog: It would break his legs.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD 1
dialog: You're right, I... It must have
dialog: been rags.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN
text: Deep in the tunnel, a dark figure glides across the rooftops.
scene_heading: INT. CONDUCTOR'S CAB
text: The conductor hears something on the roof. He peers up just
text: as V swings down, smashing feet first into the cab.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR
text: The brakes suddenly lock, throwing Bodyguard 2 into Prothero.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Get off of me!
text: A moment later, the lights are cut off and the entire train
text: is plunged into complete darkness.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD 2
dialog: What the fuck is going on?
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD 1
text: Lock the car doors.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: I have a lighter... somewhere...
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD 2
dialog: I can't find the lock -- wait. Hey
dialog: wha--
text: There is a muffled shriek followed by a sharp snap.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD 1
dialog: What's happening --
text: There is another sound, like the leather slap of a boxer
text: pounding a heavy bag, followed by the sound of the heavy bag
text: collapsing onto the floor.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: I found it!
text: He flicks on the lighter and, in the dim light of its flame,
text: he sees the smiling face.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Oh god.
text: V sits casually, arms folded, across from Prothero. The
text: bodyguards lay dead on the floor.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Who are you? What do you want?
dialog: Money? Is that it?
text: V just smiles.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Wait, wait. You're, you're the one
dialog: that blew the Bailey.
text: V nods and Prothero's eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: You're making a mistake. I'm
dialog: nobody --
text: On the floor, he sees the bodyguard's gun. He kills the
text: lighter and dives for it.
text: In the darkness, we hear the struggle. It ends quickly.
text: When the lighter flicks back on, V is holding it and the gun.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Oh god, what do you want?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I've come to offer you a choice.
dialog: Commander Prothero.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: What -- What did you call me?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Commander Prothero.
text: Prothero's heart begins to pound.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: That was your title at Larkhill.
dialog: You remember Larkhill, don't you,
dialog: Commander?
scene_heading: EXT. LARKHILL RESETTLEMENT CAMP - FLASHBACK
text: A sign reads, "Larkhill Resettlement Camp."
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: Where they sent the undesirables.
text: A caged truck packed with minorities rolls into the gates
text: which are topped with spools of razor wire.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR
text: Prothero is sweating.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Maybe I can help your memory.
dialog: Let's see. Larkhill opened in the
dialog: summer of 2009. You were appointed
dialog: it commander. You wore a uniform
dialog: in those days. You looked very
dialog: good in it.
scene_heading: INT. LARKHILL - PROTHERO'S OFFICE - FLASHBACK
text: Prothero admires his uniform in the mirror.
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: You were a man of many
dialog: responsibilities. You made sure
dialog: Larkhill made all its quotas,
dialog: especially the oven quotas even
dialog: though they required an excessive
dialog: amount of maintenance.
scene_heading: EXT. LARKHILL OVENS - FLASHBACK
text: We see a detail of black and Indian men, shoveling mounds of
text: black ash from a series of furnace like ovens.
text: As the shovels lift, we see blackened bones and burnt skulls.
scene_heading: EXT. LARKHILL MAIN YARD - FLASHBACK
text: Prothero saunters through the lines of camp prisoners.
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: But there was one task you took to
dialog: with exceptional relish. Remember
dialog: the medical block, Commander? I
dialog: believe you called it the funny
dialog: farm. You were the one that
dialog: selected the prisoners. You hand
dialog: picked each one.
text: Prothero steps in front of a woman who remains beautiful
text: despite the suffering she has endured. Prothero smiles.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Her.
text: As the guards grab her, we become aware of a man that is
text: staring at Prothero. He is one of the prisoners but we do
text: not see his face.
text: Prothero notices the man. He doesn't like the way the man is
text: staring at him.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: You.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR
text: Prothero is terrified.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: You! You're him, aren't you?
dialog: V nods.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Oh my god! What are you going to
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: You gave us a choice, remember,
dialog: Commander? You said we could
dialog: cooperate with the doctors or...
text: V cocks the gun.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Hold out your hand.
text: Trembling, Prothero sticks out his hand. V lets the light
dialog: die for a moment.
text: When he flicks it back on, Prothero is holding a long, metal
text: syringe filled with a murky liquid.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Oh no, no! Please I was just doing
dialog: what I was told!
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Of course you were. Now I'm
dialog: telling you to make a choice.
dialog: Either you stick that syringe into
dialog: your neck or --
text: He presses the gun barrel to Prothero's forehead.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I can kill you right now.
text: Prothero begins to blubber.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Crying doesn't help, Commander. I
dialog: remember there was a woman who had
dialog: been screaming for two days. You
dialog: winked at the doctor and laughed,
dialog: "All in the name of science."
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Please, don't make me do this...
speaker_heading: V
dialog: It's a difficult choice, isn't it?
dialog: Certain death versus something that
dialog: might be... worse. But you never
dialog: know. There is still a chance.
dialog: You could survive. Look at me.
dialog: Now, time's up, Commander. Choose.
text: Anger galvanizes his fear and steadily Prothero lifts the
text: needle towards his neck.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: I'll see you in hell.
text: He jams the needle in and sinks the plunger.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Yes. I'm quite sure you will.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN
text: Train workers with flashlights hurry through the cars.
speaker_heading: TRAIN MAN
dialog: This door's locked!
text: He slams a shoulder against it and the door gives in.
speaker_heading: TRAIN MAN
dialog: Holy Christ!
text: Flashlights sweep over the dead bodyguards. The train man
text: hears a strange gurgling rasp and he turns, finding Prothero
text: in his light.
speaker_heading: TRAIN MAN
dialog: What happened here?
text: Prothero is foaming at the mouth while a thick mucus bubbles
text: from his nose. His breath comes in tiny rasps.
speaker_heading: TRAIN MAN
dialog: Good lord! I need a medic here.
text: Prothero becomes more animate, trying to tell the man
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Fi... Fi... Fi...
speaker_heading: TRAIN MAN 2
text: He's trying to say something.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Five.
speaker_heading: TRAIN MAN 1
dialog: Five? Where's the goddamn medic?
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Room five.
text: Suddenly, his body convulses and blood pours out his ears.
text: His body slumps over.
speaker_heading: TRAIN MAN 2
dialog: I think he needs a priest.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION
text: The station is swarming with police. A stretcher wheels a
text: body in a black plastic bag out from Prothero's car.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR
text: Finch puffs on his pipe, staring at something spray painted
text: on the wall of the train car: a "V" with a circle around it.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: What do you make of this, Mr.
dialog: Finch?
text: Dominic, Finch's younger assistant, is holding a flower in
text: his rubber gloved hand.
speaker_heading: FINCH
text: Hmm. It's a rose. A violet
dialog: carson, I believe. Strange.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Strange?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I didn't think they still existed.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Mr. Finch! Sir!
text: Finch turns as a soldier with a radio steps into the car.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Sir, they want you at headquarters,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Yes, sir. I'm to transport you
dialog: immediately.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Send the rose to the lab. Also,
dialog: scrape a sample of this paint and
dialog: have it analyzed as well. I'll be
dialog: back as soon as I can.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: The door opens and Finch steps in.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Ah, Mr. Finch. I sent for you
dialog: because what I have to say cannot
dialog: be said over a phone or a radio.
dialog: What I have to say cannot leave
dialog: these four walls. Do I make myself
dialog: clear?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: I believe in a few things, Mr.
dialog: Finch. I believe in god. I
dialog: believe in the destiny of the
dialog: Nordic race. And I believe in
dialog: fascism. The romans invented
dialog: fascism. They had a symbol for it;
text: a bundle of twigs bound together.
dialog: One twig could be broken but a
dialog: bundle would prevail. That is the
dialog: heart and soul of fascism.
dialog: Strength in unity. I tell you
dialog: these things knowing full well that
dialog: they make you uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Well, I...
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: You have in fact expressed your
dialog: discomfort in several arrest
dialog: reports, arrests that were, in your
dialog: opinion, "unnecessary." The fact
dialog: that you are here, that you are not
text: rotting in a prison cell, is a mark
dialog: of my respect and admiration for
dialog: you, for your craft, and for what
dialog: you have done for this country.
text: Finch looks at the ground.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: It is also because I know you,
dialog: Finch. I know what you are.
dialog: You're a man like me. A man who
dialog: understands when they are given a
dialog: job what must be done. I
dialog: understand you, Finch, and that is
dialog: why I can trust you.
text: He moves in close to Finch.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: This terrorist knows us, Finch.
dialog: These attacks are perfectly
text: calculated and they are divisive.
dialog: He knows what he's doing, Finch.
dialog: He knows us all too well.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: You think he's an insider?
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: What I think is that this man must
dialog: be stopped. Stopped at all costs
dialog: and no one, I repeat, no one is to
dialog: be placed above suspicion. Do I
dialog: make myself clear?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Perfectly.
speaker_heading: LEADER
text: England prevails, Mr. Finch.
speaker_heading: FINCH
text: England prevails.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: Evey, alone in the Shadow Gallery, stares up at the
text: inscription above the crooked staircase.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: V, v, v, v, v.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I hear your summons, my lady. And
dialog: obey.
text: She jumps, V suddenly appearing behind her.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh, V, you scared me.
text: She turns back to the carving.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I was reading the inscription.
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: A Latin quotation. A motto. "Vi
dialog: veri veniversum vivus vici." "By
dialog: the power of truth, I, while
dialog: living, have conquered the
dialog: universe."
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Yes, I suppose you have. This
dialog: place is the only universe I have
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Does that bother you?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I don't know. I'm so grateful to
dialog: you -- I just feel I should help
dialog: you, you know, the way you're
dialog: helping me. I mean, that's the
dialog: deal, isn't it?
text: V drifts over to the big old Wurlitzer, fingers scanning the
dialog: song list.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: No deals, Evey. Not unless you
dialog: want them.
text: She looks up at the inscription as an old blues song begins
dialog: to play.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I think I do. Part of me wants to
dialog: stay here forever and never have to
dialog: face what's going on outside. But
dialog: that's not right. Is it? That's
dialog: not taking responsibility. Not
dialog: conquering my universe.
text: She turns to him.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I want to help you, V. I want to
dialog: do something. Can we make a deal?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Yes. I think we can make a deal if
dialog: you like. I think I know a way you
dialog: could help me very soon indeed.
text: Evey smiles nervously.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Good. That's that, then.
text: The blues song curls in the air around them like a heavy
dialog: incense.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: V, you said that Latin thing was a
dialog: quote. Who said it?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Nobody you'd have heard of. A
dialog: German gentleman named Dr. John
dialog: Faust.
text: He spins her.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: He made a deal too.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTMINSTER ABBEY - DAY
text: The church doors have opened with the flow of parishioners as
text: the final mass of the day has ended.
text: The tide slowly pours out onto the sidewalk, separating
text: around the clumps of people that conglomerate to network and
dialog: gossip.
text: Church bells toll in the orange dusk above them.
text: Helen Heyer, a woman whose spite and guile are hidden behind
text: her looks and clothes she drapes them with, charges into the
text: gossipers, her trophy husband in tow, a timid looking man
dialog: that we recognize as Conrad Heyer.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Hello, Rosemary. Derek, how --
text: Helen's head snaps over at the mention of the name.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Derek!
text: She pushes past Conrad, giving Derek Almond an exuberant kiss
text: on both cheeks.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Darling, how are you? Hello,
dialog: Rosemary.
text: Always behind her husband, Rosemary Almond smiles nervously
text: as she straightens her drab church dress.
speaker_heading: ROSEMARY
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: It's so good to see you. Since
dialog: this bloody terrorist business, the
dialog: old man has me literally chained to
dialog: the office.
text: Helen pouts at him.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh, you poor dear.
text: Derek taps the bottom of his cigarette box, drawing one with
text: his lips.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: It comes with the job. How are
dialog: things in the Eye, Conrad?
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Well, we've been working some bugs
text: out of the new Mark IX fiber optic
dialog: network, actually --
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh, Conrad, don't be such a bloody
dialog: bore. Do tell us about the
dialog: terrorist, Derek. Is it true he
dialog: blew up Big Ben and the old Bailey?
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: I'm afraid so. We're dealing with
dialog: a pathological psychotic in the
dialog: most extreme case. We'll catch him
dialog: though. I promise.
text: Helen rubs her white sable against her body.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh, it sounds dreadfully exciting.
dialog: Aren't you glad you've got such a
text: ruthless, implacable brute for a
dialog: husband, Rosemary?
speaker_heading: ROSEMARY
dialog: Yes, well --
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Believe me, you're lucky. You
dialog: could be struck with a professional
dialog: peeping tom like Conrad. England's
dialog: highest paid voyeur, aren't you
dialog: darling?
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Helen, I think we'd better --
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh yes, of course. We have to get
dialog: back so the little pervert can
dialog: watch what the neighbors do after
dialog: Sunday lunch. He's so exciting.
text: Derek laughs as they climb into their car.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Ciao!
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Goodbye, Helen. Conrad.
text: Rosemary waves as it pulls off.
speaker_heading: ROSEMARY
dialog: She's a bit hard on him, isn't she?
text: Derek sneers at her.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Until you're half the woman of
dialog: Helen's sophistication, I'd keep
dialog: your little mouth shut.
text: He throws the cigarette at her feet.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Really, just look at the way you
dialog: dress.
scene_heading: INT. WESTMINSTER ABBEY
text: From above, a hand sweeps aside the red plush curtain.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: Ah, there they go. My happy and
dialog: contented flock. Spiritually
text: refreshed and ready to face the
dialog: world again.
text: Bishop Anthony Lilliman is a slender man of pious elegance
text: with a warm, beautiful smile.
text: He turns from the window to his valet, Dennis, as Derek and
text: Rosemary get in their car.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: Did you enjoy the sermon today,
dialog: Dennis?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Very inspiring, your grace. Though
dialog: the segue of the forces of Satan
dialog: among us did strike me as a bit of
text: a curious digression.
text: He whisks a lint brush over the Bishop's robes before putting
dialog: them away.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: Hmm, yes. A trifle purple, I
dialog: thought. Still, Fate wanted it
dialog: included and who are we to question
dialog: the will of the almighty, miserable
dialog: sinners that we are?
text: A gentle smile spreads across his mouth.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: And speaking of sin, I wonder which
dialog: of the seven deadlies the good lord
dialog: will see fit to tempt me with
dialog: today.
text: Dennis finishes with the Bishop's robes and sweeps the closet
text: door shut.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Perhaps pride, your grace.
text: Lilliman chuckles.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: I was thinking of something a
dialog: little less ethereal. Has the
dialog: young lady arrived?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: The agency informed me she'll be
dialog: here directly. However, there was
text: a mixup. It's not one of the usual
text: girls. She's a little older.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: Oh dear. Oh dear. Not too old, I
dialog: trust?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: They promise me she's no more than
dialog: fifteen.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: Fifteen, hmm.
text: The Bishop rubs his cheek, ponderously.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: Ah well, if Job could bear his
dialog: disappointments, I suppose I must
dialog: have the good grace to bear mine.
text: Show her in when she arrives.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Yes, your grace.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTMINSTER ABBEY - NIGHT
text: A pair of headlights melt through the heavy night's fog as a
text: taxicab pulls into the circle drive.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S QUARTERS
text: Dennis peers into the Bishop's living quarters.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: The young lady, your grace.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: Oh my!
text: Standing next to Dennis is Evey, wearing a frilly pink summer
text: dress, pigtails and bows and white ruffled socks.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: And to think I doubted your
text: loveliness for even an instant.
dialog: Mea culpa, my child, mea culpa.
dialog: You are a vision. An angel.
text: Evey smiles awkwardly.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Uh... thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTMINSTER ABBEY - NIGHT
text: A shadow begins moving across the manicured grounds borne on
text: the thick mist like a dark phantom. V glides toward the
text: rectory, cloak undulating against the dark, wet wind.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S BEDROOM
text: It is extravagantly furnished, somewhere between posh and
text: pimp. The Bishop is sitting very close to Evey on his plush
dialog: water bed.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: Of course, "hate the sin, love the
dialog: sinner." I always say. Take your
dialog: dress off, please.
text: Evey stammers, backing up along the bedside.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Listen -- I was kind of hoping --
text: He paws at her, groping hands pushing the front of her dress
text: down as she backs up against the nightstand.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: No --
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN GATE - NIGHT
text: The guards look out into the night, fear suddenly gripping
dialog: their faces.
text: V emerges demonically through the parting veils of fog, the
text: white smiling mask bobbing eerily up and down as he rushes
dialog: them.
text: A cigarette drops from the first guard's mouth, red embers
text: exploding when it hits the wet cement.
text: Close as the two guards claw for their arms and the white hot
dialog: flash of V's knives --
text: That slice like talons.
text: The two men crumple to the ground, clutching their gaping,
text: gurgling wounds. A whisper. V sprints into the courtyard.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S BEDROOM
text: Evey grabs a metal table lamp and swings it down on the
text: Bishop's head. There is a shuddering clank and he collapses
text: to the floor.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: You -- You filthy whore!
text: His blood speckles the white bearskin throw rug as the Bishop
text: slowly rises after the retreating Evey.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: I'll kill you, you fucking sow.
text: He charges after her but freezes dead in his tracks as V
text: swings around the corner in front of him.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: What's this? Who --
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Please allow me to introduce
dialog: myself...
dialog: V bows.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I'm a man of wealth and taste.
speaker_heading: LILLIMAN
dialog: Dennis?
text: Instantly, the point of one of V's knives is against the
text: Bishop's throat. V presses a finger to his frozen smile.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Shh. It isn't polite to disturb
text: the dead on their journey.
text: Evey watches from around the corner.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: A courtesy I'll most respectfully
dialog: extend to his grace.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: V?
text: Lilliman swallows audibly.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: V, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Vi veri veniversum vivus vici,
dialog: Evey.
text: Evey looks down at the knives on his belt, dripping blood.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh no.
text: She begins backing to the door.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: You can't kill him!
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Death has followed his grace the
dialog: whole of his career. Is it any
dialog: coincidence it has finally followed
dialog: him here?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh god, V. I can't -- I can't --
text: V turns back to Lilliman as Evey runs.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Let us pray.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTMINSTER ABBEY - NIGHT
text: Evey sprints past the dead guards at the man gate and into
dialog: the fog.
scene_heading: INT. THE EAR
text: A cramped control room that looks like something between a
text: radio and television switching room, though it does not
text: broadcast. It receives.
text: Two operators sit at the main substation as the sounds of
text: lovemaking come over the speakers. The moans are stifled and
text: low, however, as if they were afraid someone was listening.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR 1
dialog: Bloody hell. Doesn't anybody fuck
dialog: with feeling anymore?
text: Operator 2 does not look at him, scrolling through an
text: intricate city map on his computer.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR 2
dialog: Hey, it's Sunday. Children's hour
text: over at the Abbey.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR 1
dialog: Let's see what that filthy old
dialog: pervert is up to.
text: Operator 1 punches in some coordinates and the sound over the
text: speakers changes to a garbled fart of noise. Two voices
text: drown beneath a cacophony of classical music.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR 1
dialog: What the --
text: He tries to dial out the background and suddenly the voices
text: rise clearly above the din.
speaker_heading: VOICE 1
dialog: ... And I saw a black shape against
dialog: the flames. Oh god. It's you.
dialog: The man from room five. You've
dialog: come --
speaker_heading: VOICE 2
dialog: To collect what's mine.
speaker_heading: VOICE 1
dialog: I beg you! I don't want to die!
dialog: Please have mercy!
text: The two men look at each other, Operator 1 lunging for a red
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR 1
dialog: Get me the Finger. This is an
dialog: emergency!
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Close on a stain of white vomit and blood on the thick pile
text: of a Persian rug. It is encircled in police chalk.
text: Pull back to reveal the chalk outline where the body of
text: Bishop Lilliman was found. The circled bloodstain floats
text: above the head like the last word balloon of a crude comic
dialog: strip character.
text: The Bishop's quarters is slowly being picked over by a
text: forensic team from the Nose. A photographer's flash bursts
text: against a painted "V" on the wall near the body outline.
text: At the window, Finch chews on his pipe, staring at a plastic
text: evidence bag that contains a single violet carson rose.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: No prints yet, sir. Just like
dialog: Prothero.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I want those tapes from the Ear in
dialog: my office tonight, Dominic.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Yes, sir. They're on top of it.
text: Finch turns to a muscular man named Creedy, second in command
text: at the Finger.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Any word from your superior, Mr.
dialog: Creedy?
speaker_heading: CREEDY
text: Mr. Almond doesn't seem to be
dialog: answering his page, sir. I'm sure
text: he's in the field.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Quite.
scene_heading: INT. CONRAD HEYER'S BEDROOM
text: Grunting like an animal, Derek's face is frozen, locked in
text: the rigor of a violent orgasm. After a moment, he collapses
text: beside Helen onto the sweat soaked sheets.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: There you go, baby. Now my baby
dialog: boy can think so much clearer.
dialog: Can't he?
text: She grabs her cigarette case and her lighter.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You have been thinking, haven't
dialog: you?
text: She straddles his chest then lights two cigarettes.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I know you have. Ever since this
dialog: terrorist appeared.
text: He smiles as she puts one of the cigarettes in his mouth.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh jesus, that smile. That smile
dialog: turns me on like nothing else.
text: She whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Tell me. Tell me what's going on
dialog: in that ruthless sadistic brain of
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Everyone is so worried about the
dialog: terrorist. Especially Susan. You
dialog: know why? Because nobody knows
dialog: what he's going to do.
text: He exhales through his grinding teeth.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: If I were him, I know what I'd do.
text: He whispers.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: I'd blow that fat bastard to
dialog: kingdom come.
text: Helen bolts up.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: No. You're kidding.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Am I?
text: He smiles, blowing more smoke.
speaker_heading: DEREK
text: There's an old train line under the
dialog: New Government Building. It
dialog: collapsed when they poured the
dialog: foundation. You could haul in
dialog: enough TNT to launch our Leader's
text: ass all the way to the moon.
text: Helen's eyes gleam as he laughs.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You're serious, aren't you?
text: He eyes her sucking on the cigarette.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: You need to be careful, Helen.
dialog: Your mouth is going to get you into
dialog: trouble one day.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Is that the same trouble you love
dialog: putting in my mouth?
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: You never know who might be
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I know, Derek. You love your
dialog: country and you love your party,
dialog: just like you love your wife.
text: He glares at her.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Derek. I'm sorry. I know I can be
dialog: a bitch. But that's why you're
dialog: here, isn't it?
text: He smiles again and she presses her body to his.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: This is it, isn't it, Derek? What
dialog: we've been waiting for. At last,
dialog: you'll be rid of Susan. I'll be
dialog: rid of Conrad. And we'll be free.
dialog: Free, won't we?
text: His eyes close as he grinds his hips into hers and we rise,
text: drifting up to the ceiling light fixture --
text: Where we see a tiny hidden microphone.
scene_heading: INT. FINCH'S OFFICE - THE NOSE
text: Finch sits at his desk, staring into the silence of his
text: notepad. He has doodled a little "V" with a circle around
dialog: it.
text: He looks up as Dominic enters, holding up a portable cassette
dialog: player.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Sorry it took so long. The boys
dialog: had a devil of a time trying to
text: filter out the background noise.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Background noise?
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
text: The perpetrator apparently turned
text: on the Bishop's stereo.
dialog: Subsequently, a great deal of the
dialog: tape is useless.
text: He hands the player to Finch.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: What music did he play?
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Beethoven. The fifth, I believe.
text: Finch smiles.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Da, da, da, dum. That's code.
dialog: Morse code.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: For the letter "V".
text: Finch punches "play".
text: Over the small speaker, we sear Evey protesting to V, then
text: run. He stops it.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Anything on the girl yet?
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: No. The agency said somebody
dialog: claiming to be Lilliman's valet
dialog: canceled his Sunday appointment.
text: Finch starts it again and this time the tape is very fuzzy.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: 23rd Psalm.
text: We recognize some of the words though muted and crackly.
speaker_heading: TAPE (V.O.)
dialog: Though I walk through the valley of
dialog: the shadow of death...
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
text: It goes on like that for a while.
dialog: Fairly incoherent except we could
text: make out a few words in this part.
dialog: Transubstantiation.
text: Finch nods, understanding.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: That miracle business when the
text: wafer transform into the body of
dialog: Christ.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: He made him eat a host.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Yes, listen to this part.
text: The tape becomes somewhat clearer as the music rests.
speaker_heading: TAPE (V.O.)
dialog: ... And at the moment this enters
dialog: your mouth it becomes the flesh of
dialog: the savior? Yes... please... And
dialog: whatever it is made of now it will
dialog: become the body of Christ? Yes...
dialog: yes...
text: They eye each other.
speaker_heading: TAPE (V.O.)
dialog: I want you to swallow it.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: There's a couple of funny human
dialog: noises...
speaker_heading: FINCH
text: And then just Beethoven's fifth.
text: He shuts off the tape.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: We have got the initial path report
text: back. The host was full of
dialog: cyanide.
text: Finch picks up the bag with the violet carson.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: And do you know what?
text: He rises, sliding into his jacket.
speaker_heading: FINCH
text: When it reached his abdomen, it was
text: still cyanide.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE
text: Close on the heavy stitching of a "Y" incision sewn into the
text: chest of a corpse. It is one of the Bishop's guards.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: Do you have a motive?
text: Finch is standing next to the cadaver gurney with the
text: coroner, Delia Surridge. She is a serious woman, hair wound
text: tight behind her head in a severe bun.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: I mean, was anything taken?
text: She fills the dead man's head with cotton and replaces the
text: top of his skull.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Just lives.
text: Pulling at the man's scalp, she stretches it over the
dialog: replaced skull piece.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I know it's too early for your
dialog: profile but do you have any initial
dialog: impressions?
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: Well...
text: She points at a jagged puncture wound at the base of the
text: man's sternum with a ball point pen.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: He's incredibly powerful. This
text: man's sternum was split like dry
text: wood from the base all the way up
text: to the manubrium.
text: Finch peers into the hole.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: And he's resourceful. On that
dialog: table behind you is a breakdown of
dialog: all the chemicals found in
text: Prothero's blood stream.
text: Finch hefts the pile of computer paper.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Bloody hell.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: There were hundreds of different
dialog: chemicals in him. From
dialog: trinitrotoluene to estrogen to
dialog: motor oil.
text: He flips through the document, biting into the wooden end of
text: his pipe.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Perhaps Fate will make something
dialog: more of all this. I certainly
dialog: can't.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: The Leader finally authorized an
dialog: uplink for you? He must be getting
dialog: nervous.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Quite. Government directed
dialog: terrorism never sews healthy ideas
dialog: into the public. Oh, that reminds
dialog: me.
text: Finch pulls the evidence bag from his pocket.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Can you tell us anything about
dialog: this?
text: Delia's eyes lock onto the violet carson.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: We found one in the carriage with
dialog: Prothero and this one in the
text: Bishop's quarters. A violet
dialog: carson.
text: He hands it to her.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I heard that strain had died off.
dialog: Thought a botanist might shed some
dialog: light on it. Delia?
text: Delia, riveted to the rose, suddenly looks up to him.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: Yes -- Yes, of course.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Magic. I'll drop by tomorrow then.
text: He turns, leaving her with the rose.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: V relaxes with a book in an overstuffed reading chair, a
text: violet carson rose resting on a table next to him. He begins
text: to read a passage aloud.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: "There is more behind and inside of
dialog: V than any of us had suspected.
dialog: Not who, but what: what is she?"
text: He places the book down. Thomas Pynchon's "V".
text: V rises, lifting the rose and moving into the darkness of the
dialog: Shadow Gallery.
scene_heading: EXT. EMPTY STREET
text: A small figure moves down the dark wet street, the
text: cobblestones glistening like black scales.
text: The huddled figure arcs across the street in the shadows,
text: avoiding the pools of streetlight. It is Evey, a frightened
text: look on her face.
scene_heading: INT. KITTY KAT KELLER
text: A woman in combat boots, fishnets, and a tight fitting
text: soldier's uniform is in the middle of a cheeky number on
text: stage in this smoky burlesque bar. It is a popular place
text: with locals and Fingermen.
text: Peter Creedy squeezes through the crowd, angling for the back
text: of the bar where a number of loud Fingermen are drinking.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: What's all this, then, Harper? I
dialog: get a radio that a man's down and
dialog: in need of assistance?
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: I ain't gone down yet but I sure do
dialog: need some assistance.
text: Creedy leans in.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Are you flat broke already?
text: They break up in laughter, led by Creedy who sits next to
text: Harper, pouring himself a drink.
speaker_heading: LOUT
dialog: How'd you sneak away, Creedy?
dialog: Almond off buggering that blonde
dialog: chippy?
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: The one with the tits?
text: They all begin to hoot and whistle.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: What I wouldn't give for a piece of
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: LOUT
text: She could serve a tray of drinks on
dialog: those thingies.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: I bet you get your chance with her
text: sooner than later, Creedy, with the
dialog: way Almond's crackin' up.
speaker_heading: LOUT
text: Bloody bugger's losing his marbles.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Terrorist or no, if that bastard
dialog: gives me another double shift, I'll
text: stomp his fucking head.
text: Creedy raises his drink.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Aye. This nonsense has put a
dialog: serious strain on my drinking. I
dialog: think I was actually sober today.
speaker_heading: LOUT
dialog: I'll drink to that.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: We need to get a real man of the
dialog: people in that director's position.
dialog: Like Creedy here.
text: Everyone cheers in agreement.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Well, it's good to know when the
dialog: shit hits the fan who your real
dialog: friends are.
text: They salute and drink.
scene_heading: INT. ALMOND HOME
text: Derek Almond sits hunched under a desk lamp, pumping the
text: cylinders of his revolver with a wire brush.
text: Rosemary shuffles up to him, her frumpy gown gathered around
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ROSEMARY
dialog: Derek --
text: He blows down one of the cylinders, not looking up.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: I don't want to hear it, Rosemary.
speaker_heading: ROSEMARY
dialog: Derek, please! We can't carry on
dialog: like this.
text: Derek stares at the gun, rage building.
speaker_heading: ROSEMARY
dialog: You don't talk to me. You don't
dialog: eat with me. You don't have sex --
text: Derek leaps up, slugging her.
text: Rosemary clatters to the ground in tears. Derek glowering
text: over her.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: I don't have to take any crap from
dialog: you! I have that fat bastard
dialog: riding me all day. I don't want to
dialog: listen to you, so shut your fat
dialog: gob!
text: He leans into her face.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: And me not wanting to fuck you is
dialog: obvious. Take a look at yourself.
text: He sits back in front of the gun, wiping it down.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Get out of my sight. I'm cleaning
dialog: my gun.
scene_heading: INT. DELIA SURRIDGE'S HOME
text: Dr. Surridge sits somberly in the dark, street light
text: filtering in from the open curtains.
text: Her eyes fixed on the violet carson as she slowly turns it
text: over in her hands, fingers tracing the soft petals.
text: After a moment, she stands, letting it fall from her lap.
scene_heading: INT. FINCH'S OFFICE - THE NOSE
text: Finch turns as Dominic bursts in.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: I got it!
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: A connection?
text: Dominic waves a printout.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Larkhill Resettlement Camp.
dialog: Prothero's and Lilliman's
dialog: employment records show they both
dialog: help positions there at similar
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: What about codename V?
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Most of Larkhill's records were
dialog: destroyed for security reasons but
dialog: I did uncover an old standard
dialog: procedures and operations manual.
text: Dominic smiles.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: In special case studies, medical
dialog: research groups used roman numerals
dialog: to identify test inmates.
speaker_heading: FINCH
text: Five is the letter V. Brilliant,
dialog: Dominic.
text: Finch slides in front of his computer.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: All we need is Larkhill's
dialog: employment records.
scene_heading: INT. DELIA SURRIDGE'S BEDROOM
text: The covers pulled protectively up around her, Delia rests in
text: a light, uneasy sleep.
text: Suddenly, an eye pops open as she awakens, catching a
text: familiar scent. She slowly sits up and inhales.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: Roses.
text: She closes her eyes.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: It's you, isn't it? You've come to
dialog: kill me.
text: From the shadows, V answers.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Yes.
text: Tears begin to streak her face.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: Oh thank god. Thank god.
scene_heading: INT. FINCH'S OFFICE - THE NOSE
text: Dominic hangs over Finch's shoulder as Larkhill's employment
text: record comes up.
text: Finch's mouth falls open.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Oh my god.
text: Row after row of names scroll by at the end of each bio are
dialog: the words: deceased, file closed.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Oh bloody hell.
text: The data banks unfurl like a mass grave.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: He's killed them all? It's not
dialog: possible.
text: Finch stops, staring at the one name whose file is not
dialog: closed --
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Oh no.
dialog: Dr. Delia Surridge.
scene_heading: INT. DELIA SURRIDGE'S BEDROOM
text: V floats on the edge of the room's shadows, a dark angel.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Are you afraid?
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: No, no. I thought I would be, but
dialog: I'm not. I'm --
text: She looks at the hovering, smiling mask.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: Relieved.
text: She starts to cry again.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: Oh god, all these years. All this
dialog: waiting. And somehow I always knew
dialog: you'd come back.
text: Delia thinks back.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: When I saw you that night -- the
dialog: night you escaped, you were
dialog: standing against the flames and you
dialog: looked straight at me.
text: The mask almost nods.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: I knew then that one day you'd come
dialog: looking for me, that you'd find me.
text: Her voice drops to an almost confessional whisper.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: What -- what happened at Larkhill.
dialog: What we did -- What I did. That
dialog: terrible knowledge, it's been with
dialog: me so long. That I could do things
dialog: like that.
text: Delia rubs the salty tears from her eyes.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: For years, I blamed it on the
dialog: government, on the authority I
dialog: could never stand up to. But
dialog: living so long with the knowledge
dialog: of what I did has made me
dialog: understand otherwise. I alone was
dialog: accountable.
text: V watches her.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: There is something wrong with us.
dialog: With all of mankind. With me.
dialog: Something evil that made me enjoy
dialog: what I did. Some hideous flaw.
text: Her voice almost trails off.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: We deserve to be culled. We
dialog: deserve it.
scene_heading: INT. ALMOND BEDROOM
text: Light sweeps across Rosemary from the opening bedroom door as
text: she sobs softly in bed. Derek enters, holding a bottle of
text: whiskey and his clean gun.
text: She sits up as Derek looms over her.
speaker_heading: ROSEMARY
dialog: Derek? What?
text: He lifts the gun into her bruised face. Her eyebrows cringe
text: as he slowly pulls the trigger.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Bang.
text: Click. It is empty.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Don't worry, Rose. I didn't load
dialog: it.
text: The phone rings.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Not tonight.
text: He grins evilly at her and answers the bedside phone.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Almond. What?! Where?
text: Derek's drunk eyes light up.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Oh god, yes! God, thank you!
text: He slams the phone down, charging out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. KITTY KAT KELLER
text: A gaggle of drunks exit the bar, laughing and singing as they
text: pass a small figure.
scene_heading: INT. KITTY KAT KELLER
text: Evey wanders into the bar amidst the lustful screams and cat
text: calls for the line of high stepping, semi-clothed girls on
dialog: stage.
text: She stares out into the crowd, not sure why she is here when
text: a man approaches her: Creedy. His sloppy smile indicates he
dialog: has had a few drinks.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: You look lost.
text: She looks blankly at him.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Can I buy you a drink?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: No... I made a mistake.
text: She turns for the door.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I have to find someone.
text: Creedy frowns as his radio crackles.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Well I didn't like the looks of you
dialog: anyway --
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.O.)
text: All units, all units. Code red.
text: Converge in Plaistow to apprehend
dialog: codename V.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Bloody hell!
text: He screams to the Fingermen at the back.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: It's him! We got him!
text: Evey watches as they storm out of the bar, then follows.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: The emergency lights blaring, Finch's car squeals around a
dialog: corner.
scene_heading: INT. DELIA SURRIDGE'S BEDROOM
text: V hovers ghostly at Delia's bedside.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: It's funny, I was given one of your
dialog: roses today. I wasn't sure you
dialog: were the terrorist until I saw it.
text: She manages a smile.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: What a strange coincidence. That I
dialog: should be given it today.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: There are no coincidences, Delia.
dialog: Only the illusion of coincidence.
text: He reaches into his cloak.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I have another rose. This one is
dialog: for you.
text: He hands it to her.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: Then you are going to kill me now?
text: V produces an empty syringe.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I killed you ten minutes ago.
dialog: While you slept.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: Is there any pain?
text: V sits on the bed.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: No. No pain.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: Thank you.
text: She stares at the mask.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: Can I -- Can I see your face again?
text: V slowly pulls off his hat and lifts his mask. Delia stares
text: into his face.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: It's beautiful...
text: The rose falls from her hands.
scene_heading: INT. HALL
text: V quietly shuts the door as if not to wake her and turns just
dialog: as --
text: Derek Almond reaches the top of the stairs.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Don't move an inch, you bloody
dialog: bastard.
text: He trains his gun.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: You didn't hear me arrive, did you?
dialog: Didn't know we'd rumbled you?
text: He squints.
speaker_heading: DEREK
text: It's all finished, chummy. All of
dialog: it. The old man told me it was my
dialog: head or yours and what do you know.
dialog: It's yours.
text: The smiling mask stares.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Because you're standing over there
dialog: with your bloody stupid knives and
dialog: your fancy karate gimmicks --
text: Derek pulls back the hammer.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: And I've got a gun.
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Bang.
dialog: Click. He never loaded it.
text: There is an awkward moment of silence, then V moves --
text: Cloak opening, filling the hall like a black tidal wave that
text: envelopes Derek. He chokes a scream as V embraces him,
text: slipping a knife above his floating rib.
text: Derek Almond sputters as he claws at V's mask.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Who -- Who are you?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Yes, look. Look and tell me what
dialog: you see.
text: He rips V's mask off as V thrusts the knife in deeper.
text: Derek's eyes widen in horror as his life pours out the knife
dialog: wound.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Horrible! God, it's horrible!
text: V jerks his blade free, letting Derek slip to the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. DELIA SURRIDGE'S HOME
text: Finch's car bucks up onto the sidewalk.
text: Finch and Dominic tear out of the car and barrel into the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. DELIA SURRIDGE'S HOME
text: At the top of the stairs, they find the dead Derek. Finch
text: rushes past him for the bedroom.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Delia?
text: Inside, he finds her. Her eyes fixed, cold, and dead, a
text: single violet carson in her lap.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Get an ambulance.
scene_heading: EXT. DELIA SURRIDGE'S HOME
text: Evey rushes around a corner to see a crime scene bathed in
text: siren light. She pushes up to the police barricade as the
text: M.E.'s load a draped body into their van.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh no... V?
text: She tries to angle around to get a better look when a man in
text: a brown overcoat grabs her from behind and drags her into the
dialog: alley.
scene_heading: INT. DELIA SURRIDGE'S BEDROOM
text: From the corner of the room, Finch sits, watching as the
text: M.E.'s wheel out Delia's body.
text: Dominic squeezes past the gurney and crosses toward Finch.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. You knew the
dialog: doctor pretty well?
text: Finch nods.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: We found this on her bureau, sir.
dialog: It's Dr. Surridge's journal. It
text: covers her years at Larkhill. It
dialog: might contain the whole story.
text: Dominic searches for something more to say when Finch does
dialog: not answer.
text: After a moment, Finch looks at the book in Dominic's hand,
text: then takes it, leafing through the pages. They flip by, a
text: breathy sigh, rising to a cold wind.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: May 23rd...
scene_heading: INT. LARKHILL MEDICAL RESEARCH BLOCK - DAY - FLASHBACK
text: A younger Dr. Surridge, one by one, administers a series of
text: injections to her research stock.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: Prothero has hand picked my
dialog: subjects. Four dozen of them, none
dialog: of which will be any use to me if I
dialog: don't get to work soon.
text: She finishes an injection, Prothero encouraging the next
text: subject. We recognize her as the woman Prothero pointed at.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: They're so weak and pathetic I find
dialog: myself hating them.
text: Delia prepares the next dose, a sour look on her face.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
text: They don't fight or struggle. Just
dialog: stare at you with weak eyes.
speaker_heading: PROTHERO
dialog: Next.
scene_heading: INT. LARKHILL OVENS - DAY - FLASHBACK
text: Two inmate orderlies are hefting sacked cadavers from a cart
text: into an incinerator.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: June 9th: Of the original four
text: dozen, over 75% are now deceased.
dialog: Strangely, no clear patterns have
dialog: emerged as of yet.
text: Another body thuds onto the pile.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: Batch 5 seems to have no common
dialog: discernible effect on any specific
dialog: group though the men seem slightly
text: more resilient than the women.
text: When it is full, they move to the next door until the cart is
text: empty.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: I'm hoping the survivors will
dialog: provide more answers or my time
dialog: here will have gone to waste.
text: Red heat suddenly glows from the oven vents as the orderly
text: throws a series of switches.
scene_heading: INT. LARKHILL MEDICAL RESEARCH BLOCK - DAY - FLASHBACK
text: Dr. Surridge moves down the drab aseptic hallway accompanied
text: by an armed guard. Roman numerals on the doors to each cell
text: ascend to five.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
text: June 18: And only five left now.
text: Two men and three women. Which
dialog: tends to contradict my entry on the
dialog: 9th.
text: She pauses at room five.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
text: The man in room five is a
dialog: fascinating case.
text: She looks through the small chicken wire glass window in the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
text: Physically, there doesn't seem to
dialog: be anything wrong with him. No
dialog: cellular anomalies, nothing.
text: In the back, just on the edge of the room's shadow, sits the
text: man in room five, silently staring back.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
text: Batch five, however, seems to have
dialog: brought on some kind of psychotic
dialog: breakdown. He's quite insane.
text: Dr. Surridge can't seem to break her stare.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: He has this way of looking through
dialog: you. Reverend Lilliman won't go
text: near him. He claims that it is the
dialog: devil in room five. I see him
dialog: cross himself whenever he passes
text: his door. Still, there's something
dialog: about him...
scene_heading: EXT. LARKHILL GARDEN - DAY - FLASHBACK
text: Dr. Surridge slowly moves through the Larkhill garden, an
text: incredible abundance of fruits, vegetables and violet carson
dialog: roses.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: I'm glad Prothero let room five
dialog: have a go at the gardening project.
text: He is quite proficient. Prothero
dialog: was reluctant to allow an inmate
dialog: access to the tool and chemical
dialog: supply at first but now the fat
text: toad is delighted. The crop has
dialog: almost doubled.
text: She traces the petals of a rose with her finger.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: He also grows roses. Beautiful
dialog: roses.
scene_heading: INT. LARKHILL LOUNGE - NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: Dr. Surridge and several other Larkhill appointees relax
dialog: after dinner.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: December 24th: I was in the mess.
dialog: It was about half past ten when we
text: heard the first explosion.
text: A massive explosion shakes the building to its very core, its
text: windows shattering and hooded pendulum lights swinging.
scene_heading: EXT. LARKHILL LOUNGE - NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: Men and women clutch at their throats as they tumble out into
dialog: the yard.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
text: The ones at the front ran straight
text: into the gas. It was horrible.
text: They drop to the ground, gasping and vomiting.
text: The back door is kicked open, Dr. Surridge following two
dialog: guards.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: A few of us made it out through the
dialog: rear door. You could hear men
dialog: screaming everywhere. I hate the
text: sound of men screaming.
text: She looks out, men running, collapsing, dying in a yellow
text: green haze that seems everywhere.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
text: In the center of the camp,
dialog: everything was on fire. Everyone
dialog: running in all directions. We had
dialog: hardly enough time to get our
text: bearings when the ovens exploded.
text: Another explosion wracks the compound. The pillar of flame
text: rises into the black sky, dwarfing the men in the camp.
text: Dr. Surridge sees a gaping hole in the medical block, its
text: insides turned out like an unholy birth.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: It was the man in room rive. I
dialog: couldn't have known. The chemical
dialog: supplies, grease solvents, ammonia,
dialog: fertilizer. He'd been making
dialog: things with them.
text: Close on a soldier, doubled over, hacking up bile.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: Mustard gas...
text: A sticky blue fire licks up from a blackened body like a dura
dialog: flame.
speaker_heading: DELIA
dialog: And napalm.
text: Dr. Surridge turns as a silhouette crosses the yard, backlit
text: by a curtain of fire.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
text: And in the yard, I saw him. He had
text: the flames behind him. He was
text: naked.
text: The man stops.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: He looked at me...
text: Dr. Surridge seems to wilt under his stare but cannot look
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: As if I were an insect. Oh god.
dialog: As if I were something mounted on a
dialog: slide.
text: The flames convulse hypnotically behind him.
speaker_heading: DELIA (V.O.)
dialog: He looked at me.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: Finch snaps Dr. Surridge's journal shut.
text: He sits in front of the Leader's desk puffing on his pipe
text: while Susan stares coldly.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: That's the last entry until six
text: months later when Dr. Surridge is
dialog: back in London. There is no
dialog: mention of the man in room five
dialog: again. End of story.
text: He tosses the journal on Susan's desk.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Except that it wasn't the end of
dialog: the story.
text: Finch rises, crossing to the wastebasket.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Between 2009 and 2012, over forty
dialog: men and women who were previously
dialog: stationed at Larkhill met with what
dialog: were believed to be accidental
dialog: deaths. Eventually, only three
dialog: remained.
text: He taps his pipe into his hand, pouring the contents into the
dialog: wastebasket.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: The three he'd been saving until
dialog: last.
text: Finch brushes the ashes from his hands and begins repacking
text: his pipe.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Everyone who worked at Larkhill.
dialog: Everyone who could have identified
dialog: him. You see there are two
dialog: possible motives here. Not one.
text: Susan raises his head.
speaker_heading: FINCH
text: The first is revenge. He escapes
dialog: from Larkhill and vows to get even
dialog: with his tormentors. The whole
text: exercise an elaborate, chilling
dialog: vendetta.
text: When he finishes repacking the pipe, he replaces it in his
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: That's the explanation that I find
text: most reassuring, funnily enough.
dialog: Because that means he's finished.
text: It's over now.
text: Finch begins relighting his pipe.
speaker_heading: FINCH
text: The second motive is more sinister.
dialog: Like I said, everyone who could
dialog: have identified him is dead.
text: A flame leaps into the air.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: What if he's just been clearing the
dialog: ground?
text: Another burst.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: What if he's planning something
dialog: else?
text: The lighter slips back into his pocket.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: You see, the diary we found was in
dialog: full view. We didn't have to
text: search for it. He left it there.
dialog: He wanted us to find it. He wanted
dialog: us to know the story. Or...
text: Finch returns to his chair, letting out a huge cloud.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: For all we know, the diary could be
text: a complete and utter fake.
dialog: Codename V could have written it
dialog: himself.
text: Finch leans forward.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: He's playing games with us. He
dialog: might never have been at Larkhill
dialog: at all. Do you see? It could all
dialog: be another smoke screen, a false
dialog: trail, another cover story --
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Enough!
text: Susan punches the desk.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Mr. Finch, would you please explain
dialog: to me the nature of this meeting?!
dialog: Because I was under the impression
dialog: that you had some information about
dialog: the terrorist, codename V!
text: And punches it again until his fist hurts.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: No more questions, understand! I
dialog: want answers! I am not interested
dialog: in where he grew up, what kind of
dialog: flowers he likes or his favorite
dialog: color!
text: Susan's collar chokes his face to an unnatural crimson.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Do I make myself clear?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Yes, Leader.
text: After a moment, Finch stands, Susan hanging on his last word.
speaker_heading: LEADER
text: Dismissed. England prevails, Mr.
dialog: Finch.
text: Finch turns, Susan calling after him as he leaves.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Mr. Finch, the girl. Do you have
dialog: anything on the girl?
text: Finch pauses at the door.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: No, Leader. Not yet.
scene_heading: INT. CELL
text: Evey stirs as voices drift in from the hall outside her door.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Wake up, cow.
text: Three guards are silhouetted in the doorway of a cramped jail
text: cell. Still sluggish from the chloroform, Evey looks down at
text: the coarse slipover she's now wearing.
text: One of the men, Rossiter, crosses toward Evey, swinging a
text: pair of shackles. He grabs Evey, slamming her face down into
text: the hard cot, driving a knee between her shoulder blades.
text: Evey screams.
speaker_heading: GUARD 1
dialog: Tsk. This pathetic whore is the
dialog: famous Miss Hammond?
text: The shackles bite down on her wrists as they laugh in the
dialog: hall.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: You've made a mistake.
text: Rossiter stands her up, shoving her into the wall.
speaker_heading: ROSSITER
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Please. I haven't done anything --
text: He slides a thick hood over her head.
speaker_heading: ROSSITER
dialog: I said shut your hole!
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM
text: The hood is lifted from her head. Evey squints hard, awash
text: in a blinding, burning light.
text: A man sits, unmoving, at a desk across from her, a guard at
text: his side, both backlit by a harsh white kliegs.
text: Evey's eyes start to water as she blinks.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Do you know why you're here. Evey
dialog: Hammond?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: No, please, I didn't do anything.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Allow me to be more precise. Did
dialog: you participate in the murder of
dialog: Dr. Delia Surridge?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Did you participate in the murder
dialog: of Derek Almond, director of the
dialog: Finger?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: No, I --
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Did you participate in the murder
dialog: of Bishop Anthony Lilliman?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh god, I don't --
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Have you ever participated in a
dialog: terrorist act against your country?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: No --
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: What is the identity of codename V?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: You are a lying cunt.
text: A monitor next to the desk lights up. From the snowy static,
text: an image begins to form.
text: A girl is talking to a man. She is shoving her hips at him,
text: propositioning him. When more men appear from the alley,
text: Evey realizes she is watching herself.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: They were going to rape me, kill
dialog: me --
text: Rossiter grabs a handful of her hair.
speaker_heading: ROSSITER
dialog: Shut up.
text: She swallows hard when she sees V emerge on the screen. The
text: image freezes on his smiling face.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: This board will not tolerate any
dialog: more of your lies, Miss Hammond.
dialog: We have over 120 minutes of audio
dialog: and videotape and 75 pages of
text: testimonials from eye witness that
dialog: identify you as an accomplice to
dialog: the terrorist, codename V.
text: The monitor blinks off.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Do you want to know why you're
dialog: here? You are formally being
dialog: brought up on charges of murder on
dialog: fourteen counts and sedition
dialog: against your Leader and country
dialog: which brings an automatic sentence
dialog: of death.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Please. I didn't do anything.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Process the prisoner and return her
text: to her cell until she is more
dialog: cooperative.
text: Rossiter slips the hood back over Evey's head.
scene_heading: INT. PROCESSING ROOM
text: Evey cries as a rough hand runs a pair of electric clippers
text: over her head. Huge sheaves of her hair fall to the ground.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CELL
text: Evey lies crumpled on the hard floor, unmoving, as a tray of
text: food is slid through a slot at the bottom of the door.
text: She watches as a rat crosses from a hole in the wall,
text: sniffing the murky rendered gelatin in the wooden bowl.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PROCESSING ROOM
text: Evey hangs limply from a set of manacles as she is washed and
text: deloused by heavy hands.
text: She coughs in the yellow bug powder cloud as it burns her
text: eyes and the red welts on her back.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CELL
text: Evey is curled up on the cot like a dry fetus, now gaunt arms
text: wrapped around her legs. She blinks when she hears something
text: moving in the rat hole.
text: Evey raises her head as something is pushed through the
text: crevice.
text: Tentative fingers search the hole, pulling out a length of
text: toilet paper. Over every inch of it is a delicately scrawled
dialog: message.
text: We move into the rathole, its edges slowly filling the frame
dialog: until black.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERROGATION ROOM
text: Pull back from a shadow, the outline of the interrogator's
text: silhouette against sharp light coming into frame.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: I read her letter. Hid it. Slept.
dialog: Woke. They questioned me. And I
text: read her letter again.
text: Rossiter is buckling Evey's thin arms and legs into a chair.
text: Her now frail frame can barely hold up the frayed brown
dialog: slipover.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Over and over...
text: On the table in front of her, there is a large wash basin of
text: water. Rossiter dunks her head into it.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Her name was Valerie.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY - FLASHBACK
text: A teacher reads from her lesson plan in front of rows and
text: rows of uniformed pubescences in this all girl private
text: school. Her voice drones on and on like Muzak.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: I was born in a rainy burg in
dialog: Nottingham in 1975. I passed my
dialog: eleven plus and went to girl's
dialog: grammar.
text: A blonde tomboy sneaks a smile to her curly haired friend
text: next to her.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: I met my first girlfriend at
dialog: school. Her name was Sara. Her
text: wrists. Her wrists were beautiful.
text: Her hand slides across the desk, fingers tickling the young
text: flesh of Sara's wrist.
text: The teacher's voice slows, dropping octaves, becoming --
scene_heading: INT. BIOLOGY LAB - DAY - FLASHBACK
text: A man's voice.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: I sat in biology class staring at
text: the pickled rabbit fetus while Mr.
dialog: Herd said it was an adolescent
dialog: phase that people outgrew.
text: Valerie looks at Sara across the room, her head down in
dialog: shame.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: Sara did. I didn't.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY - FLASHBACK
text: Two teenage girls stand in front of a middle aged couple.
text: They are holding hands.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: In 1994, I stopped pretending and
dialog: took a girl called Christine home
dialog: to meet my parents.
text: The greying woman repeats the sign of the cross over and
text: over, sobbing into a handkerchief. Her husband's face is
text: contorted in disgust.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: A week later I moved to London to
dialog: go to college and study drama. My
dialog: mother said I broke her heart.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - DAY - FLASHBACK
text: Two young women cuddle on a park bench under a London summer
text: sky, feeding the pigeons.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: But it was my integrity that was
dialog: important. Is that so selfish? It
dialog: sells for so little but it's all we
dialog: have left in this place...
text: The black haired girl nibbles on the blonde's ear.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: It is the very last inch of us...
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM
text: Evey struggles against Rossiter's weight who keeps her head
dialog: submerged.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: But within that inch we are free.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Enough.
text: Rossiter wrenches back and Evey sucks hard for air, coughing
text: out water.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Now Miss Hammond, let us review the
dialog: facts.
text: Evey stares at him, eyes red, heart pounding in her ears.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: You work for codename V. Codename
dialog: V killed Delia Surridge and then
dialog: Derek Almond with your help and
dialog: that is why you were found outside
dialog: her home.
text: Evey begins to shake her head, water sluicing off her thin
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Isn't that what happened, Miss
dialog: Hammond?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: No. No, that isn't true --
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Oh dear, Rossiter?
text: Rossiter grabs Evey's neck --
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: No, wait!
text: Plunging her head into the bowl. Water fills Evey's nose and
dialog: ears.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: London. I was happy in London.
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE - NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: The packed house watches as a Prince kneels before a woman's
text: bare foot with a slipper of glass.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: I played Dandini in Cinderella.
text: The woman glances into the dark sea of faces.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
text: The world was strange and rustling
text: with invisible crowds behind the
dialog: hot lights and all that breathless
dialog: glamour.
scene_heading: EXT. MEADOW - DAY - FLASHBACK
text: Two women weep in each other's arms, embracing in a perfect
text: knee high meadow.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: Work improved. I got small film
dialog: roles, then bigger ones.
text: The blonde woman brushes away a tear from the other's cheek.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: In 2006, I starred in "The Salt
dialog: Flats." That's where I met Ruth.
dialog: We fell in love.
text: We pull back and see we are on location for a movie and the
text: two women are being filmed.
scene_heading: INT. CONDO - NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: Ruth and Valerie sit on the couch watching television. On
text: the table behind them is a bouquet of violet carson roses.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: Every Valentine's Day she sent me
dialog: roses and, oh god, we had so much.
dialog: Those were the best three years of
dialog: my life.
text: The two women stare at the newscast in tears, the sound of
text: marching coming from the set's speakers.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: In 2010, they came.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON STREET - DAY - FLASHBACK
text: The sound of marching explodes as columns of men in brown
text: uniforms and jack boots fill the streets.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: And after that there were no more
dialog: roses...
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM
text: Rossiter presses his elbow onto Evey's neck, holding her
dialog: submerged.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: Not for anybody.
text: Rossiter lets Evey up. Her red burnt lungs gulp at the air.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: After the takeover, they started
dialog: rounding up the gays. They took
text: Ruth while she was out looking for
dialog: food.
text: Evey blinks hard, black fireworks exploding in her eyes.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: Why are they so frightened of us?
text: She wheezes, on the edge of unconsciousness.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: They burned her face with
dialog: cigarettes and made her give them
dialog: my name. She signed a statement
dialog: saying I'd seduced her.
text: The interrogator's voice melts into a slag heap of sound with
text: the hot, rhythmic pounding in her ears.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: I didn't blame her. God, I loved
dialog: her but I didn't blame her.
text: Rossiter uncuffs Evey, slipping the black bag over her head.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: But she did.
text: Evey's knees buckle as he forces her to stand.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
text: She killed herself in her cell.
dialog: She couldn't live with betraying
dialog: me, with giving up that last inch.
dialog: Oh, Ruth.
text: Evey weaves down the hall. Rossiter shoving her from behind.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: They came for me. They shaved off
text: my hair. They held my head down a
dialog: toilet and told lesbian jokes.
dialog: They brought me here and pumped me
text: full of chemicals.
text: The cell door swings open.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: I can't feel my tongue. I can't
dialog: speak.
text: Rossiter yanks the hood from her head and pushes her in.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: It is strange that my life should
dialog: end in such a terrible place but
dialog: for three years I had roses and
dialog: apologized to nobody.
text: The iron door slams shut, lock ringing in the stale air.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: I shall die here. Every inch of me
dialog: shall perish...
text: Evey rolls to her knees.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: Except one.
text: She crawls for the rat hole.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
text: An inch. It is small and fragile
dialog: and it's the only thing in the
dialog: world that's worth having.
text: Her shaking hand pulls the letter from the stone crevice.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: We must never lose it or sell it or
dialog: give it away. We must never let
dialog: them take it from us.
text: Evey clutches it like a rosary as she begins to cry.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know who you are but I hope
dialog: you escape this place. I hope that
dialog: the world turns and things get
dialog: better and that one day people have
text: roses again.
text: She holds the note to her face, her tears soaking into the
text: fragile paper.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know who you are but I love
dialog: you. I love you. Valerie.
text: Slowly, Evey slips away, succumbing to blackness.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: I had come to know every inch of
dialog: those four walls in that dark hell
dialog: and they knew every inch of me.
dialog: Every inch...
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM
text: Loud lights blare against Evey's solemn face.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Except one.
text: A typed document sits on a small tray table in front of her.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: "My name is Evey Hammond. On the
dialog: 5th of November 2019, I was
dialog: abducted by the terrorist known as
dialog: codename V and then taken against
dialog: my will to an unknown location."
text: Rossiter hovers just behind her as the Interrogator reads her
dialog: confession.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: "Once there, I was systematically
text: brainwashed by means physical and
dialog: psychological. I was frequently
dialog: subjected to sexual abuse during
dialog: this period."
text: Evey's expression is unchanging.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: "Eventually I was terrorized into
text: helping him commit the murders of
dialog: Derek Almond, Dr. Delia Surridge,
dialog: and Anthony Lilliman, Bishop of
dialog: Westminster."
text: Rossiter drops a pen on the table.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: "I, the undersigned, swear that the
dialog: above statement is genuine and that
dialog: it was not signed by means of
dialog: intimidation."
text: The pen slowly rocks to a stop.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: We'd like you to sign that for us,
dialog: Miss Hammond. Where we've put the
dialog: little cross.
text: She blinks.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: As you wish.
text: Rossiter begins unbuckling Evey's restraints.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Escort Miss Hammond back to her
dialog: cell, Rossiter, where she will wait
dialog: while you arrange a wet detail of
dialog: six men.
text: He forces Evey to her feet.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Then take her out behind the
text: chemical sheds and shoot her.
scene_heading: INT. CELL
text: The door opens behind Evey as she rereads Valerie's letter
dialog: for the last time.
speaker_heading: ROSSITER
dialog: It's time, unless you want to
dialog: change your mind.
text: She holds the tattered piece of toilet paper to her chest.
speaker_heading: ROSSITER
dialog: Sign that statement. You could be
dialog: out inside three years. Perhaps
dialog: they'd find you a job with the
dialog: Finger.
text: Evey closes her eyes.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Thank you but I'd rather die behind
text: the chemical sheds.
text: Her last words hang in the air.
speaker_heading: ROSSITER
dialog: Then there's nothing left to
dialog: threaten you with, is there? You
dialog: are free.
text: He turns and leaves.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: What?
text: She listens as his footsteps fade down the hall, the door
text: hanging weirdly open.
text: Evey takes a few tentative steps toward the door and sticks
text: her head out into the empty hall, peering down both ways.
text: Slowly, she emerges from her cell, retracing her path down
text: the hall that her blindfold never allowed her to see.
text: Quietly inching along the wall, Evey peeks around a corner,
text: gasping at the rigid guard standing off to the side. There
text: is something about the man's frozen stare that keeps her from
dialog: running.
text: Evey straightens and crosses to the guard.
text: It is a mannequin.
text: She touches him, the wheeled platform he is mounted on
text: rolling back against the wall.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM
text: The door creaks open as Evey enters the room where for so
text: long she was questioned and tortured.
text: She crosses to the frozen Interrogator sitting at his desk.
text: Her finger brushes lightly against the plastic hand, then
text: Evey raps a knuckle on his hollow wooden head. Around his
text: neck a small speaker hangs from a cord.
text: Evey drifts uneasily into a back room where a discarded
text: prison guard's uniform hangs on a rack. On a table next to a
text: wig and pair of gloves, the rat looks up at her through the
text: bars of its tiny cage.
text: She moves through another door, the wind suddenly knocked
text: from her chest as she finally sees where her prison was
dialog: built --
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: V steps from the shadows.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Welcome home, Evey.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: You...
text: Her mouth hangs open.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: You did this... to me.
text: Evey's rail thin figure begins to shake.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: You did this to me!
text: She stumbles against the wall, unable to support herself.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: You -- You hit me and -- and cut my
dialog: hair. It was you. It was just you
dialog: all this time.
text: She doubles over, covering her face as she bursts into tears.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: You tortured me. You tortured me --
text: Evey looks up at him, body shivering as he quietly glides
text: toward her.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh god, why?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Because I love you, Evey. Because
dialog: I wanted to set you free.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Love?
text: A look of horror twists her starved face.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Set me free? Don't you realize?
text: Slender fingers ball into fists.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Don't you realize what you did to
dialog: me? You nearly drove me mad!
text: Disgust and anger light up her eyes.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I hate you.
text: Her little, wiry body coils tight as she circles him.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I hate you! Set me free? You put
dialog: me in a prison to set me free?!
speaker_heading: V
dialog: You were already in a prison.
dialog: You've been in a prison all your
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Shut up! I don't want to hear it.
dialog: I wasn't in a prison. I was happy!
dialog: I was happy here --
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Happiness is the most insidious
dialog: prison of all, Evey.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: That's warped! That's evil and
dialog: it's wrong! What gives you the
dialog: right to judge? Who are you to say
dialog: what's not good enough?!
speaker_heading: V
dialog: You were born in a prison, Evey. I
dialog: didn't put you there. I just
dialog: showed you the bars. You've been
dialog: in a prison so long, you no longer
dialog: believe there's an outside world.
text: She wheels away from him, covering her ears, trying to get
text: away from his voice.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Shut up! You're mad! I don't want
dialog: to hear it!
speaker_heading: V
dialog: That's because you're afraid, Evey.
dialog: You're afraid because you can feel
dialog: freedom closing in on you. You're
dialog: afraid because freedom is
dialog: terrifying.
text: Evey falls, stumbling through the labyrinth of the Shadow
dialog: Gallery.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I can't feel anything! There's
dialog: nothing left to feel! Don't you
dialog: understand?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Don't back away from it, Evey.
dialog: Part of you understands the truth
text: even as part pretends not to.
text: She collapses, head pounding.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Woman, this is the most important
dialog: moment in your life. Don't run
dialog: from it.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I don't know what -- Oh god -- I
dialog: can't breathe --
text: V couches next to her.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Good. You're almost there. Go
text: closer. Feel the shape of it.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: What are you doing to me? I can't
dialog: breathe --
speaker_heading: V
dialog: You were in a cell. They offered
dialog: you a choice between the death of
dialog: your principles and the death of
dialog: your body.
text: He cradles her as she hyperventilates, tears streaming down
text: her face.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I feel -- I feel like I'm going to
dialog: burst.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: You said you'd rather die. You
dialog: faced the fear of your own death
dialog: and you were calm. Try to feel now
dialog: what you felt then.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh god -- I felt --
text: The mask hovers over her.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Like an angel --
text: He squeezes her shuddering body.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh god, V, I'm so scared. What's
dialog: happening to me?
speaker_heading: V
text: The door of the cage is open, Evey.
dialog: All that you feel is the wind from
dialog: outside. Don't be afraid.
text: Gently, he lifts her.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Try to walk. The lift will take us
text: to the roof.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: The roof? Outside?
text: He helps her to an open elevator.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I -- I don't want to be
text: blindfolded.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: No, Evey. No more blindfolds.
text: The cage in the elevator rattles shut.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - NIGHT
text: The two figures stand in the door of the roof access, a
text: raging tempest oozing from a split sky.
text: Something draws Evey out into the storm.
text: Slowly, she walks beneath it, the wind and rain pounding
text: against her thin frame. Evey lets the coarse slipover fall
text: to the ground and stares straight up into the storm, naked,
text: the elements soaking into her very being.
text: V moves up behind her.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Do you feel it?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Everything's so -- different.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I know. Five years ago, I too
text: stared beneath a night like this.
text: Naked under a roaring sky.
text: A low rumble of thunder washes over London.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: The night is yours, Evey. Seize
dialog: it. Encircle it within your arms.
text: His words buffet against her with the sheets of rain.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Bury it in your heart up to the
dialog: hilt.
text: She raises her arms to embrace the raging torrent.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Become transfixed and
dialog: transfigured --
dialog: 
text: A jagged bolt of lightning shatters the sky.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Forever.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW GOVERNMENT BUILDING
text: Finch gets out of a police car and looks up the black face of
text: the modern building. He sighs and taps his pipe against the
text: heel of his shoe.
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: Finch!
text: Finch turns to find Dascombe hurrying towards him.
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: Do you know what this is all about?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: No, but I can guess.
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: "Remember, remember, the fifth of
dialog: November."
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: Oh come on. He's long gone. He
dialog: has to be. He did what he came to
dialog: do and it's over.
text: Finch chews on his pipe.
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: Isn't it?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Not for us.
text: He turns and heads into the building.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW GOVERNMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: A dark November sky hangs like a shroud over the building.
speaker_heading: LEADER (V.O.)
dialog: A year, gentlemen.
scene_heading: INT. COUNCIL CONFERENCE ROOM
text: The heads of each department are gathered around a table of
text: black granite.
text: Peter Creedy, sitting back out of the lights, is the new head
dialog: of the Finger.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: I have given you almost a year and
dialog: you have given me nothing.
dialog: Nothing!
text: He glares at Finch.
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: Now Adam, there is no one better
dialog: than Finch and you know it.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Yes, Mr. Dascombe, I do know it.
dialog: It is that very fact that keeps me
text: awake at night, wondering if
dialog: perhaps there is a reason that Mr.
dialog: Finch has failed.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: I'm saying that perhaps I don't
dialog: know you as well as I thought I
dialog: did.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Are you asking for my resignation?
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: No, I am asking for some goddamn
dialog: results!
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: It's not Finch's fault, Adam.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: We've all been looking. The man
dialog: simply disappeared.
speaker_heading: ETHERIDGE
text: Vanished.
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
text: He's gone, Adam. It's over.
text: The Leader trembles like a volcano set to blow.
speaker_heading: LEADER
text: It's over, is it? He's gone.
dialog: Vanished, you say?
text: The Leader grabs a large box from the floor and hurls reams
text: of computer printout across the table.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Transcripts recorded over the last
dialog: thirty days in which the terrorist
dialog: was talked about or mentioned in a
dialog: positive context. This is only
dialog: thirty days!
text: He punches a "play" button and a wall of monitors blink on.
text: It is a recording of a television variety show.
text: A character that is made to look like Adam Susan is giving a
text: speech. A woman is dressed like V except that the only thing
text: she is wearing under her cloak is a garter belt, stockings
text: and high heels.
text: V sneaks up behind Susan and yanks his pants down. Susan is
text: outraged but when he gives chase he trips over his pants.
text: The audience hoots and howls.
text: The Leader kills the tape.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Is this what you consider,
dialog: "disappeared?"
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: For god's sake, Adam, it's a stupid
dialog: variety show.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Mr. Creedy, I want the producers,
dialog: writers, and actors of that "stupid
dialog: variety show" arrested and charged
dialog: with sedition.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: You can't be serious --
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Push me, Roger, push me and you'll
dialog: find out how serious I am.
text: He stares each of them to silence.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: This, this V is still out there. I
dialog: can feel him like a sickness
text: worming its way into the hearts and
dialog: minds of the public. Something
dialog: must be done, and done quickly, to
dialog: exorcise this demon for the very
dialog: soul of this country is at stake.
text: He pauses.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: That is why I am compelled to give
dialog: each and every one of you notice
dialog: that if by the fifth of November
dialog: you are still giving me nothing
dialog: more than excuses, I will have to
dialog: revoke your party status and
dialog: terminate your positions.
text: Everyone is stunned.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Mr. Creedy, I will speak with you
dialog: in private. The rest of you are
text: dismissed. England prevails.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S PRIVATE QUARTERS
text: The Leader stands at the window.
speaker_heading: LEADER
text: Mr. Creedy, as the new head of the
dialog: Finger, you are the most important
dialog: member of my cabinet.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: I, uh, appreciate your faith in me.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Your predecessor, Mr. Almond, was a
dialog: good man, a man who understood what
dialog: strength in unity meant, a man who,
dialog: above all, loved his country. I
dialog: need to know if you are such a man.
text: His eyes bore into him.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Do you love your country, Mr.
dialog: Creedy?
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY
text: A police car is parked in a dark alley. It is raining and
text: the windows of the car are completely steamed.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Oh god, yes!
text: He is sweating, his knuckles white as he squeezes the
text: steering wheel, panting.
text: We hear a noise like a very wet kiss and then a woman's
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: "The most important member of my
dialog: cabinet." Yes it is, isn't it,
dialog: dear?
text: Helen lifts her head out of his lap. Her lipstick is smeared
text: about her mouth.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Oh, don't stop.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I stop when you stop. What did he
dialog: say next?
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: I can't --
text: She whispers in his ear while playing with his lap.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Come on, Peter, what are you afraid
dialog: of? Almond used to tell me
dialog: everything and you're twice the man
dialog: he was.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: He asked me... if I loved my
dialog: country.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh yes, I can tell you do love your
dialog: country, almost as much as you love
dialog: this...
text: She lowers her head into this lap.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Oh god...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Then he asked me to do something...
dialog: oh, oh...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Helen, I can't. I can't tell you.
text: Helen lifts her head.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: He told you to frame someone as the
dialog: terrorist.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: My god?! How did you know that?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I know Adam Susan. Now who was it?
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: No way. I can't tell you that.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yes you can, honey. You can and
dialog: you will. You have to trust me,
dialog: love. We're going to help each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Helen, please.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Look at that face. You see?
dialog: You're just bursting to tell me.
text: Her head drops back down. Creedy moans.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Now who was it?
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: It was... Fi... Fi... FINCH!
text: The name seems to orgasm from his mouth.
scene_heading: INT. FINCH'S APARTMENT
text: Finch sits alone in his modest apartment, reading a book.
text: The book is Koesterler's, "The Roots of Coincidence."
text: An old CD player is playing music, a Bach piano concerto.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: V is playing the exact same concerto on his piano, his gloved
text: fingers gracefully flitting across the keys.
text: Evey enters the gallery. Her hair has grown out but is still
text: short. She projects a kind of strength that comes from a
text: deep inner peace.
text: V coaxes the final delicate notes and lets them softly fade.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: That was beautiful.
text: She walks up to him and takes the smiling face in her hands.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I've wanted to do this for a long
dialog: time.
text: She bends and gently kisses the frozen lips.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Thank you, V. Thank you for
dialog: everything you've done for me.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: You did it all yourself, Evey. I
dialog: just provided the backdrop but the
dialog: drama was all your own.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: It was a good backdrop. I believed
dialog: it. I really did. It's still a
dialog: bit hard for me to accept that it
dialog: wasn't real. That it was just you.
dialog: Especially the letter.
text: She takes the letter from her pocket.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: It is a beautiful letter, V. Every
dialog: time I read it I could feel
text: Valerie, almost like she was
dialog: holding me. I believed in her most
dialog: of all. I believed that she loved
dialog: me and I loved her back.
text: She looks down.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I feel a bit foolish telling you
dialog: this. I know that you must have
dialog: written it and thought you should
dialog: have it back.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: But I didn't write that letter,
dialog: Evey.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Come with me.
scene_heading: INT. VALERIE'S ROOM
text: It is a shrine. The walls are covered with movie posters and
dialog: reviews and pictures of an actresses named Valerie Page. We
text: recognize her as the woman chosen for the medical block just
dialog: before V.
text: Everywhere there are flower boxes filled with blooming roses;
dialog: violet carsons.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Valerie?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Yes. Valerie Page. She was the
text: woman in room four.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: She's beautiful.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: She wrote the letter just before
dialog: she died. I delivered it to you as
dialog: it was delivered to me. The words
dialog: you wept over were the same words
dialog: that transformed me.
text: Evey smiles and bends to smell the roses.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Roses. You grew them for her.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: They're beautiful.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Evey, do you know what day it is?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Two days before the first day we
dialog: met.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: You remembered.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: You're planning something, aren't
dialog: you, V?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: You know me too well now.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I'm going to fulfill an old
dialog: promise.
text: Evey cocks an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I'll show you.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND STAIRWELL
text: Carrying a lantern, V leads Evey down a dark stone staircase.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I've never been here before.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Yes. It is the deepest part of my
dialog: home. Once you know it, I should
dialog: think you'll know everything.
text: He pushes a button and a secret passage opens in a heavy
text: stone wall.
text: There is a small narrow series of passageways that he guides
text: her through, leading to another door. Evey steps out into an
dialog: underground subway station.
scene_heading: INT. VICTORIA STATION
text: Parked beside the concrete platform is a beautiful antique
dialog: train car.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh, V, it's lovely. Where on earth
dialog: did you find it?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: In a way, I suppose it really found
dialog: me.
text: Evey steps into the train car and finds it filled with little
text: packages wrapped in wax paper.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: What's in these packages?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Gelignite.
text: She screams and almost drops one.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Careful.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: What are you going to do with all
dialog: of it?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I told you. I'm going to finish
dialog: what was started four hundred years
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Where does this train go?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: This is the old Victoria line but
text: it is blocked, blocked somewhere
dialog: between Whitehall and St. James.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Whitehall... V, that's the New
dialog: Government Building.
dialog: V nods.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: But the underground has been shut
dialog: down for years. How are you going
dialog: to make it run without any power?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I just thought I might ask them to
dialog: turn it on for me.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: The Leader sits bathed in the flickering images of the Fate
dialog: computer.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Yes, Mr. Creedy?
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Everything's set, sir. No worries.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Tonight.
text: On one of the screens, a television program has just begun.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Tonight on Tales from the Bible, a
dialog: story of treachery and betrayal
dialog: from the Book of Daniel.
dialog: We cut from that screen to another screen --
scene_heading: INT. JORDAN TOWER - CONTROL BOOTH
text: The television studio where Roger Dascombe surveys a large
text: bank of monitors filled with the images of typically vapid
dialog: television entertainment.
speaker_heading: DASCOMBE
dialog: All of London's waiting. Ready,
dialog: two. And here we go --
text: A player locks on as a recorded program begins. We move in
text: as the logo slashes across the screen: Storm Saxon.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Tonight, England's greatest hero
text: repels the forces of darkness in a
dialog: brand new episode.
text: We pull back from the show's opening teaser and find
text: ourselves looking at a small television.
scene_heading: INT. JORDAN TOWER
text: In the delivery bay at the back of Jordan tower, five
text: security guards are riveted to the heroic actions of Storm
dialog: Saxon.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: Oh, Storm. Save me! Save me!
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You mongrel trash, if you harm her!
speaker_heading: MONGREL TRASH
dialog: Look out, de white debil has a
dialog: laser lugar!
text: Behind them, a shadowy figure in a cloak and tall hat enters
text: the loading bay.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Hey, what the -- ?
text: They all turn and find a smiling V.
text: They go for their weapons. V goes for them. It is brutal
text: and quick, knives slicing in bloody arcs, bodies kicked and
text: thrown with superhuman power.
text: The TV crashes to the ground and we move in at it as Storm
text: Saxon stands triumphant beside his buxom lass.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: Oh Storm, hold me. Hold me tight.
text: We pull back on another television screen inside --
scene_heading: INT. FINCH'S OFFICE
text: Dominic is chewing on a hamburger, engrossed in Storm Saxon.
text: Across the room, Finch is reading the "Roots of Coincidence."
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I don't know how you stand that
dialog: tripe.
text: Dominic answers with a mouthful of cheeseburger.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Es gooh.
text: Finch shakes his head, reaching for his pipe. He realizes he
text: is out of tobacco. He slides open the bottom desk drawer and
text: his eyes almost pop out of his head.
text: He stares into the drawer like someone staring at his own
dialog: tombstone.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Finch? Finch, what's wrong?
text: Slowly, he lifts something from the drawer. On his desk, he
text: lays out several knives, a cloak, a hat, and a smiling mask.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: What the hell?
text: Finch lifts the mask and almost has to laugh.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Don't you see, Dominic?
text: He puts the mask to his face.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I'm V.
scene_heading: INT. JORDAN TOWER
text: V emerges from an elevator and immediately attacks several
text: more guards. A surveillance camera watches as V steps over
text: their slumped, broken bodies.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL CENTER
text: The security guard sees V on the monitor coming directly down
dialog: the hall.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Bloody hell!
text: He grabs the machine gun, aiming it just as V kicks open the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Freeze!
text: V stops. At least five guards have trained their weapons on
text: him. He is surrounded.
text: Slowly, he lifts his arms as though surrendering. His cloak
text: opens, revealing enough TNT to level the entire building. In
text: his hand is the plunger detonator.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Fuck all.
dialog: V nods.
scene_heading: INT. FINCH'S OFFICE
text: The door bursts open as Creedy and a group of heavily armed
text: Fingermen muscle in.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Creedy? What the hell's going on?
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: I'm here to arrest Mr. Finch for
dialog: acts of treason and terrorism.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: You can't be serious.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: If I were you, boy, I'd shut my
dialog: hole unless you want to start
dialog: explaining why you didn't say
dialog: nothing about Mr. Finch's secret
dialog: identity.
scene_heading: INT. JORDAN TOWER
text: V follows Roger Dascombe into the main control booth. The
text: door shuts behind them and they are alone.
text: All around them are the laugh tracks and gunshots of the
dialog: evening's entertainment.
text: V puts his hand into his cloak and pulls out a videotape. He
text: hands it to Dascombe.
scene_heading: INT. FINCH'S OFFICE
text: Finch glares at Creedy.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Why don't you just shoot me,
dialog: Creedy? Wouldn't that make
dialog: everything a lot simpler?
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Yeah, I suppose it would.
text: Creedy smiles, his finger tightening on the trigger when --
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Holy Christ! Creedy, you stupid
dialog: ape! If Finch is V then tell me
dialog: who is that?
text: He points at the television where V sits calmly at a desk in
text: front of the "VTV" logo.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Good evening, London.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Bloody fuckin' hell.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I thought it was time we had a
dialog: little talk.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: He has to be at Jordan tower. Come
dialog: on!
text: Finch and Dominic rush out of the room. Creedy looks at his
text: confused men.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Don't just stand there! Follow
dialog: them!
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: V smiles at the horrified Adam Susan.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Are you sitting comfortably? Good.
dialog: Then I'll begin.
text: The Leader screams, pounding on Fate.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Damn you! Damn you!
text: He hits the intercom.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Lieutenant, ready my transport. I
dialog: want every armed man within a
text: hundred miles at Jordan tower.
dialog: Now!
dialog: We move in at VTV.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Right now, I imagine there are
text: hundreds of soldiers rushing here
dialog: to kill me because someone does not
dialog: want us to talk.
dialog: We pull back in --
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: A family watching television. In the background, two
text: children are squabbling.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Hush. Turn it up.
text: The husband does. V's voice gets louder as we move towards
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: They are afraid that I am going to
dialog: say the things that are not
dialog: supposed to be said. They are
dialog: afraid that I am going to say the
dialog: truth.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT
text: A man sits on his couch, mesmerized by V.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: The truth is that there is
dialog: something terribly wrong with this
dialog: country, isn't there? If you look
dialog: about, you witness cruelty,
dialog: injustice and despotism. But what
dialog: do you do about it? What can you
dialog: do?
text: He pops his beer tab and the beer foams over the couch but he
text: doesn't seem to notice.
scene_heading: INT. FINCH'S POLICE CAR
text: The car races wildly towards Jordan tower as Finch and
text: Dominic listen to the broadcast on the radio.
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: You are but a single individual.
dialog: How can you possible make any
dialog: difference? Individuals have no
dialog: power in this modern world.
dialog: That is what you've been taught
dialog: because that is what they need you
dialog: to believe. But it is not true.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S TRANSPORT
text: The Leader seethes, staring at three television monitors in
text: his limo which are all filled with V.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: This is why they are afraid and the
dialog: reason that I am here; to remind
dialog: you that it is individuals who
dialog: always hold the power. The real
dialog: power. Individuals like me. And
dialog: individuals like you.
scene_heading: INT. KITTY KAT KELLER
text: The bar is almost completely soundless except for the voice
text: of V. People stare at the television as if the moment were
text: somehow suspended in time.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I have come to offer you a deal.
dialog: If you accept, I will give you a
dialog: different world. A world without
dialog: curfews, without soldiers and
text: surveillance systems. A world that
dialog: is not run by other men but that is
dialog: run by you. I am offering you a
dialog: second chance.
scene_heading: EXT. JORDAN TOWER
text: The military forces have begun to swarm.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Four hundred years ago, a great
dialog: citizen made a most significant
dialog: contribution to our common culture.
dialog: It was a contribution forged in
dialog: secrecy and stealth although it is
dialog: best remembered in noise and bright
text: light.
scene_heading: EXT. TELEVISION STORE
text: A crowd has gathered, watching through the window.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: To commemorate that glorious night
dialog: at precisely the stroke of
text: midnight, the edifice of their
dialog: world will erupt with enough sound
dialog: and fury to shake the earth. All I
dialog: ask is that you join me at the
text: gates to watch as the past is
dialog: erased, the pathway cleared so that
dialog: together we can start toward a new
dialog: day.
scene_heading: EXT. JORDAN TOWER
text: The Leader climbs out of his limo and is met by one of his
dialog: captains.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: I want this man dead! I want him
dialog: shot on sight!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: INT. FINCH'S CAR
text: Finch can see the forces gathering outside Jordan tower.
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: But, you ask, who am I to make such
dialog: promises? A fair question but
dialog: hardly necessary as you know me
dialog: already. To know me any more you
dialog: need only look to a mirror.
text: Finch catches a glimpse of himself in the mirror.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL BOOTH
text: VTV fills every screen.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Truth be told, this wasn't even my
dialog: idea, was it? If you think back,
dialog: you'll remember that night,
dialog: whispering in your lover's arms. I
dialog: became a part of your plan just as
dialog: you have now become part of mine.
dialog: Give me the line of the queen and
dialog: I'll give you your secret dream.
scene_heading: INT. JORDAN TOWER - HALLWAY
text: A heavy battering ram is rushed down the hall, carried by
text: four soldiers.
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: On the twelfth stroke of the fifth
dialog: day of the eleventh month, I hope
dialog: we shall all meet again.
scene_heading: EXT. TELEVISION STORE
text: The crowd is much larger.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Until then, I bid you goodnight.
text: Every screen suddenly goes black. The crowd turns to each
text: other, unsure of what to do.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL BOOTH
text: The door explodes open. V is standing alone, almost as if
dialog: waiting for them.
text: Before he can even move, they shoot. Machine gun fire lights
text: up the room. V's body dances and jerks backward, smashing
dialog: through an observation window --
text: Falling to the television stage below.
scene_heading: INT. HALL
text: A path is cleared for the Leader. As he heads into the
text: television studio, an armed soldier is heading in the
text: opposite direction.
text: It is impossible to tell because of the dark face plate but
text: it looks like the soldier is smiling.
text: The Leader shoves his way onto the main stage. A group of
text: soldiers is gathered around the body.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Who was it? Who was he?
text: The mask is pried off, revealing the lifeless face of Roger
text: Dascombe. To the Leader, it is an obvious revelation.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Roger Dascombe! Of course. Of
dialog: course! It makes such perfect
dialog: sense.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Sir, I think there has been a
dialog: mistake.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: No! There is no mistake!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: But sir, there are people that say
dialog: they saw both the terrorist and
dialog: Dascombe together --
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Who? Who are these people? They
dialog: must be detained immediately.
dialog: Whatever they saw or whatever they
dialog: think they saw is subordinate to
dialog: the truth and that truth is that
dialog: Roger Dascombe is the terrorist and
dialog: the terrorist is dead!
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: But I thought I was the terrorist.
text: Finch's voice stops the Leader cold.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Finch, what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Since I'm not in jail and since you
dialog: have another, even more convenient
dialog: suspect. I'm guessing the charges
dialog: have been dropped.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Be careful, Finch.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I am careful, sir. Always. That
dialog: is why I suggest that a search of
text: this building begin immediately.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: The terrorist is dead!
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: With all due respect, I disagree
dialog: and I believe that he is presently
dialog: trying to get out of this building
dialog: disguised as one of us.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Are you challenging my authority?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: No sir, I'm trying to run an
dialog: investigation --
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: I am trying to run a country! When
dialog: I tell you, Mr. Finch, the
dialog: terrorist is dead, then the
dialog: terrorist is dead! If you continue
dialog: to suggest otherwise then you will
dialog: leave me no choice but to have you
text: arrested on charges of sedition.
dialog: Do I make myself clear?
text: He eyes the room. Everyone is silent.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Now, it is imperative for the
dialog: people of London to know that they
dialog: are safe, that the terrorist is
dialog: dead and everything is under
dialog: control.
text: The Leader storms past Finch who looks at Dascombe and bites
text: down on his pipe.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: One of the Ear's black vans has been modified with large
text: speakers wired to the roof. As the van rolls down the
text: street, the speakers drone with a looped message.
speaker_heading: SPEAKERS
text: The terrorist is dead. No further
dialog: threat exists. Everything is under
dialog: control.
text: Out of the back, soldiers hurl leaflets that swirl and
text: flutter in the van's wake.
text: The little girl on the bicycle that we saw earlier stops and
text: picks up one of the leaflets.
text: It has a picture with the body of Roger Dascombe beneath the
dialog: headline, "The terrorist is dead! London is safe once
dialog: again!"
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Bollocks.
text: She crumbles the leaflet and throws it.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Bollocks!
text: She gets off her bike and takes something out of the
dialog: backpack.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: He's not dead! It's all bollocks!
text: Turning to a nearby wall, she spray paints a large circle
text: around a "V".
scene_heading: INT. FINCH'S OFFICE
text: A recording of VTV plays on the small television.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: ... if you give me the line of the
dialog: queen, I'll give you your secret
dialog: dream.
text: Dominic freezes the image; V stares at them, smiling.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Play it again.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Come on, Finch. We've seen it
dialog: fifty times. I mean, after what
dialog: they done to you, I don't know why
dialog: we're even trying to stop him.
text: Finch stares out the window.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I don't know. For twenty seven
dialog: years, I've been at this job.
dialog: Twenty seven years, I've done what
dialog: I've been told to do. Maybe that's
dialog: all there is to it. I'm just a
text: dumb old dog. A dumb old dog that
dialog: only knows one trick.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: That ain't it, Finch. It's more
dialog: than that. I know you. It's
dialog: something personal with this one.
text: Finch smiles.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Maybe. And maybe I'm not ready for
dialog: a revolution.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Well, we got less than thirty hours
dialog: to stop it.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: We will.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: It's on the tape. I know it. I
dialog: can feel it. He did this for a
dialog: reason. He needs something.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: The line of the Queen?
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: But what does that mean?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Maybe it's a line from Shakespeare.
dialog: Or a book. I don't know.
text: He rewinds and starts the tape.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: ... This wasn't even my idea, was
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: FINCH
text: But right here. He's talking to
dialog: someone. Someone specific.
dialog: Someone who knows what he wants.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: If you think back, you'll --
scene_heading: INT. CONRAD'S BEDROOM
text: V continues on a different television.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Remember that night, whispering in
dialog: your lover's arms.
text: Helen Heyer is lying on her bed, eating chocolates, watching
text: V through calculating eyes.
text: At her feet, we hear a suckling noise that suddenly stops.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Helen? Helen, why did you want
dialog: that tape?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Shut up, Conrad. I'm thinking.
text: She shoves her foot back into his mouth and he continues to
text: suck on it and each of her toes.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: ... now you've become a part of
dialog: mine.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: How? How did you know that?
text: Conrad moves up her ankle, licking and kissing his way to her
dialog: knee.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Know what, my love?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Give me the line of the Queen and
dialog: I'll give you your secret dream.
text: She freezes the tape. Her eyes light up and she smiles back
text: at him.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: All right. You have a deal.
text: Conrad licks along the inside of her thigh until she slaps
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh no! Not you. Conrad. Not yet.
dialog: Here you can have a chocolate.
dialog: Open up. Open!
text: She shoves the candy in his mouth.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Good boy. As for the rest of the
dialog: box, perhaps when you're Leader.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Right now I need something else
dialog: Conrad. I need you to use that
dialog: pretty little brain for me. You
dialog: know all about the old underground,
dialog: don't you?
text: He nods still gagged with the candy.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I need to know everything,
dialog: understand? Everything.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: There are cameras set in front of the large black leather
text: chair so that the flashing images and data of the Fate
text: computer system can be seen behind the Leader.
text: A makeup artist mattes down the Leader's lipstick.
scene_heading: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
dialog: Ready in five, Leader.
text: The makeup artist adjusts one last hair and scurries off.
scene_heading: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
dialog: In four, three...
text: He points and the camera's red light goes on.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: The same family, the same squabbling children watching as a
text: "Special Bulletin" interrupts a laugh track.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Good evening London. As Leader of
dialog: this great country, I felt it
dialog: imperative to speak with you and to
dialog: assure you once and for all that
dialog: the shadow that recently fell
dialog: across our land has indeed passed.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Oh, for fuck's sake.
scene_heading: EXT. TELEVISION STORE - NIGHT
text: No one is watching.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: What we have endured this long year
dialog: was no accident, no mere
dialog: coincidence. This was not a simple
dialog: act of terror conducted by a
dialog: singular madman. No, this was a
dialog: test.
scene_heading: INT. KITTY KAT KELLER
text: A drunk struggles up onto his bar stool blocking the TV.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: It was not me, nor the Party, nor
dialog: the government that was threatened
dialog: this year. It was our beliefs.
dialog: Our faith. I believe that God
dialog: himself bore witness to our
dialog: struggle and like Job I believe
dialog: that we have been vindicated.
text: The drunk raises his glass.
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: Remember fifth of November!
text: The bar cheers.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: The Leader reaches for his Bible.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: How do I know this? Let me read to
dialog: you where I found the answer, where
dialog: I so often find the answer. In the
dialog: Scripture. Revelations.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - NIGHT
text: The megaphones blast the Leader's voice.
speaker_heading: LEADER (V.O.)
dialog: "If any man have an ear, let him
dialog: hear."
scene_heading: INT. FINCH'S OFFICE
text: There are stacks of printout everywhere.
speaker_heading: LEADER (V.O.)
dialog: "He that leadeth into captivity
dialog: shall go into captivity; he that
dialog: killeth with the sword shall be
dialog: killed with the sword. Here is the
dialog: patience and faith of the Saints."
text: Finch stops reading, listening to the radio.
speaker_heading: LEADER (V.O.)
dialog: "And I beheld another beast coming
dialog: out of the Earth; and he had two
text: horns like a lamb and he spake as a
dialog: dragon."
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: Another radio crackles with the Leader's voice.
speaker_heading: LEADER (V.O.)
dialog: "And he doeth great wonders, so
dialog: that he maketh fire come down from
text: Heaven on the Earth in the sight of
dialog: men."
text: V nods, almost laughing as Evey enters the gallery.
speaker_heading: LEADER (V.O.)
dialog: "And he deceiveth them that dwell
dialog: on the Earth by the means of those
dialog: miracles which he had the power to
dialog: do --"
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh, V, turn it off, please.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Of course, my dear.
text: He reaches over and changes the frequency. We hear voices,
text: hushed and secret but we recognize them.
speaker_heading: CREEDY (V.O.)
dialog: But how does he know?
speaker_heading: HELEN (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know. All I know is he
dialog: does... And I know what he wants.
text: The voices are labored, punctuated by gasps and moans.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: What is that, V?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: That, Evey, is what I have been
dialog: waiting for.
speaker_heading: CREEDY (V.O.)
dialog: Do you know what I want? I want
dialog: you just like this... Bent over
dialog: that black leather chair...
dialog: We are pulled by the radio into --
scene_heading: INT. CREEDY'S BEDROOM
text: Where we see a tiny microphone hidden in the ceiling light
text: above the bed.
text: Helen moans as we drift down, glimpsing Helen, her arms
text: reaching for the edges of the bed, her back arching up
text: towards Creedy, behind her, smiling.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: What about Conrad?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I told you, I'll handle Conrad and
dialog: V will take care of Susan. The mob
dialog: will take care of the guard and
dialog: then... You can use the Finger to
dialog: take over.
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: Use the Finger? You mean like
dialog: this?
text: He inserts a finger into her.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh... oh... that is vulgar...
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: But you like it?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yes, oh yes, oh you're a pig,
dialog: Peter...
speaker_heading: CREEDY
dialog: That I am, misses. But I'm the pig
dialog: that's gonna be running this
dialog: country.
text: That sends a shiver through Helen's body.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yes and I'm... I'm going to be
dialog: Eva... Oh Eva...
text: Her eyes close and her fists knot the sheets.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: "Don't cry for me Argen... oh
dialog: Argen... Argen... tina!
text: The word is almost lost in her orgasm.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON
text: The sun rises over London. It is the morning of the fourth.
scene_heading: INT. FINCH'S OFFICE
text: Finch looks through the blinds at the morning sun. He has
text: been up all night. He checks his watch: 6:00am.
speaker_heading: FINCH
text: Eighteen hours.
text: Rubbing the knot in his neck, he turns back to his office
text: which is now buried beneath mounds of paper.
text: Dominic is passed out, sprawled on the couch, and clutching a
text: printout from Spencer's "Fairy Queen."
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Dominic!
text: Dominic jumps, immediately searching the printout.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Dominic, go home.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: But I've still got over three
dialog: hundred lines from The Fairy Queen.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Forget it. There's no more time.
dialog: You go home and get some rest.
dialog: You're going to need it tonight.
text: Dominic lets the papers fall to the floor.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: He's got us, doesn't he, Finch?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Yes, he does.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW GOVERNMENT BUILDING
text: Conrad pulls his car into his reserved space.
scene_heading: INT. CAR
text: Helen holds Conrad's chin the way a mother holds a child when
text: she is telling them something important.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Now listen to me, Conrad. This is
dialog: the most important moment of our
dialog: lives. Everything I've worked and
dialog: hoped for comes to this. Susan is
dialog: a very dangerous man, especially
dialog: now, that's why I need you, Conrad.
dialog: I need you to be stronger than him.
dialog: I need you to be the better man.
dialog: Understand?
text: Conrad nods.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: If you do this Conrad, and you do
dialog: it right, I'm going to turn you
dialog: from the little man I married into
dialog: the man of my dreams.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Oh, Helen.
text: He embraces her to kiss but she turns her perfectly painted
dialog: lips.
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: Not on the lips.
text: Ardently, he kisses her cheek.
scene_heading: INT. FINCH'S OFFICE
text: Finch sits alone, palms pressed to his bleary eyes.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Give it up, old man. You're not
dialog: even sure you want to stop him.
text: With a red pen, he begins absently drawing red circles around
dialog: any V he sees on any piece of paper.
text: Victims. Vectors. Values. Victory. Words from quotes and
dialog: lists.
text: Suddenly, he stops. Carefully, as if reaching to touch a
text: butterfly, he slips a single sheet out from the sheaves
text: covering his desk.
dialog: The paper has a long list: the names of all the Queens of
text: England. He has circled in red the V in Victoria.
text: When it hits him, it hits him like a falling safe.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Christ! That's it! It's got to be
dialog: it!
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: The intercom clicks on.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT (V.O.)
dialog: Sir, Mr. Heyer is here to see you.
dialog: Says it's urgent. And he's here
dialog: with his wife, sir.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: His wife?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT (V.O.)
dialog: Sir, yes, sir -- Wait, you can't
dialog: go --
text: The door slaps open.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Leader, I'm terribly sorry but I
dialog: absolutely must speak with you.
text: The Leader waves the Lieutenant off.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I have something to tell you,
dialog: something important but --
text: She glances at Conrad.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I can tell you and only you. In
dialog: private.
text: The Leader studies her.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It is a matter of national
dialog: security.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: In his car, Finch races to a corner and slams on the brakes.
text: He gets out, staring at a shadow on the ground: a "V" in a
dialog: circle.
text: The shadow is cast by a sign for Victoria Station, part of
text: the abandoned subway.
text: The gates are chained shut. He fires his pistol into the
text: lock, kicks open the rusting gates, and descends into the
dialog: underground.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S PRIVATE QUARTERS
text: The Leader closes the door behind them.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Now what's this all about, Mrs.
dialog: Heyer?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Please, forgive me. I've been so
dialog: afraid, afraid to come here to talk
dialog: to you. I thought he must know. I
dialog: was terrified he knew but I had to
dialog: come because I knew you were the
dialog: only one that can protect me.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Protect you from what?
text: She is unable to go on, seemingly about to burst into tears.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Come now, Mrs. Heyer.
text: He touches her and it is all she needs. She buries her face
text: into his chest.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You won't let him hurt me, will
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Let who hurt you?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: The terrorist.
speaker_heading: LEADER
text: The terrorist is dead.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh, how I wanted to believe it,
dialog: Leader, but I know it's not true.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Because I know who the terrorist
dialog: is.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: Conrad is alone with Fate. He glances about nervously,
text: moving closer and closer. His fingers reach out and graze
text: the main keyboard. Taking a deep breath, he turns and begins
dialog: to type.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE QUARTERS
text: The Leader takes hold of Helen by her shoulders.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Who? Who is it, woman?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It's Conrad, Leader. Conrad. My
dialog: husband is the terrorist.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: What?!
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: Conrad accesses the department of water and power. He finds
text: the correct file and begins rerouting power to a once dead
dialog: system.
scene_heading: INT. V'S TRAIN STATION
text: A hanging light suddenly sizzles to life. V looks up,
text: smiling.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S PRIVATE QUARTERS
text: The Leader stares hard at Helen.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I saw him, Leader. In the middle
dialog: of the night. I heard something.
dialog: I went to the landing and that's
dialog: when I saw it.
text: She clutches him.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: That mask. That hideous smiling
dialog: mask.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: But how did you know it was Heyer?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I know, Leader. I know the way a
dialog: woman knows.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: But you have no proof?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Proof?
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Yes, proof? This is an extremely
dialog: delicate situation, Mrs. Heyer. It
dialog: has been reported that the
dialog: terrorist is dead. It would be a
dialog: catastrophe to arrest a man now
text: without concrete, conclusive proof.
dialog: Do you have any evidence at all?
text: Tears well up in Helen's eyes as she shakes her head.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: But if you're right, if Heyer is
dialog: indeed the terrorist...
text: His eyes fly wide and he spins away from her, throwing open
text: the door.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Leader! Wait!
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: Conrad sits calmly across the room.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Is everything all right? Helen?
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Yes, Mr. Heyer, your wife has done
dialog: her duty to her country.
text: He turns to Helen.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Don't worry, Mrs. Heyer. You will
dialog: be taken care of. I will launch an
dialog: immediate investigation and I
dialog: promise, you will be the first to
dialog: know when an arrest will be made.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Investigation of what?
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Subversion, Mr. Heyer. Your wife
dialog: was privy to the dialogue of
dialog: subversives. That's all you need
dialog: to know at this time. Lieutenant!
text: The Lieutenant appears almost instantly.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: The Heyers are leaving. I need to
text: see Mr. Creedy at once.
text: Helen looks up at the Leader, a smile hidden near the corners
text: of her perfect red lips.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: The Leader nods.
scene_heading: INT. NEW GOVERNMENT BUILDING
text: Helen and Conrad get out of the elevator, standing beneath
text: the rows of new party flags that line the lobby.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I want you to go straight to your
dialog: office and wait for me to call.
dialog: When I do, I want you to come
dialog: immediately home. Understood?
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Yes, Helen.
text: She embraces him, pressing her body against his.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh, Conrad, I'm so proud of you.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: I did it, Helen. I did it, didn't
dialog: I?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Tonight, Conrad.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Tonight.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I promise you will never forget
dialog: tonight.
text: She almost kisses him.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Goodbye, Conrad.
text: Smiling, she pivots on her heel and heads for the door. He
text: reaches for her when --
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Mr. Heyer! Mr. Heyer!
text: The front desk guard rushes towards him.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Sir, this package arrived for you,
dialog: sir.
text: He hands him a small, brown wrapped box.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Thank you.
text: He looks back for Helen but she is already gone.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY
text: A single flashlight beam creeps toward us as Finch searches
text: the detritus of the dead train line.
scene_heading: INT. CONRAD'S CAR
text: Sitting at a stoplight, Conrad decides to open the package.
text: Inside is a cassette tape. The light changes and a car
text: behind him honks. He starts forward and inserts the tape.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY
text: Finch crawls up onto the platform of V's hidden station,
text: staring at the beautiful old train car.
scene_heading: INT. CONRAD'S CAR
text: Strangling the steering wheel, Conrad listens to the tape.
text: The speedometer climbs as everything seems to accelerate.
speaker_heading: TAPE (V.O.)
dialog: Do you know what I want? I want
dialog: you just like this... bent over
text: that black leather chair.
text: Helen moans.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR
text: Finch steps inside the car, his flashlight sweeping over the
text: stacks of gelignite.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Oh my god.
scene_heading: INT. CONRAD'S CAR
text: A scream builds in Conrad. With tears in his eyes, he stares
text: out the windshield but sees only the images created by the
dialog: tape.
speaker_heading: TAPE (V.O.)
dialog: Use the Finger?... You mean like
dialog: this?... Oh... That's vulgar... But
dialog: you like it?... Yes... oh yes.
text: Conrad loses control and the car careens up onto the sidewalk
text: and smashes into a brick wall.
text: Lifting his bloodied forehead, Conrad looks out and sees the
text: ubiquitous poster partially destroyed by the crash: "Strength
dialog: through purity, purity through faith."
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR
text: Finch hears something and jerks back, almost falling out of
text: the car. Aiming his gun, he finds no one. He turns and
dialog: bolts.
text: As the sound of his footsteps fade, V steps out of the
dialog: shadows.
scene_heading: INT. NEW GOVERNMENT BUILDING
text: The Leader's Lieutenant looks up from his desk and sees Finch
text: rushing towards him.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Is the Leader in?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Yes, but he's meeting with the
dialog: Captain of the Guard.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Perfect.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Mr. Finch, you can't go in --
text: Finch charges through the doors.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: The Leader and his Captain turn.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Mr. Finch?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Leader, I need as many men the
dialog: Captain can spare and I need them
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: To capture codename V.
scene_heading: EXT. CONRAD'S HOUSE
text: Creedy opens the trunk of his car. In the phosphorescent
text: glow of the streetlight, the set of knives gleam. He bundles
text: the costume that he tried to planet on Finch into his arms,
text: then slams the trunk.
text: Above, a window blind that was cracked open snaps shut.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: The Leader moves towards Finch.
speaker_heading: FINCH
text: He's underground. The old subway.
dialog: I know exactly what he's going to
dialog: do. If we move quickly, we can be
text: there, waiting for him.
scene_heading: INT. CONRAD'S HOUSE
text: Conrad waits, hidden inside a bedroom closet. He hears the
text: front door close and his grip tightens around the handle of a
text: long, steel-necked hammer.
scene_heading: INT. LEADER'S OFFICE
text: The Leader is steadily convincing himself of something.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Leader, every second we delay...
text: The Leader lifts his hand, silencing Finch.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: I'm coming with you.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Sir --
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: There will be no discussion --
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: But if Mr. Finch is right --
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: I am sick to death of this
dialog: terrorist being everywhere and
dialog: nowhere! I will judge whether Mr.
dialog: Finch is right and I will judge it
dialog: with my own eyes! Do I make myself
dialog: clear, Captain?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Sir, yes, sir!
text: Finch is suddenly overwhelmed by a feeling that is common to
dialog: chess players. It is the disturbing sense that you have just
dialog: done exactly what your opponent wanted.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Is there a problem, Mr. Finch?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: No... no sir.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Good. Captain, mobilize your men.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Sir, yes, sir.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: We'll find this bloody bastard and
dialog: we will finish him.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: Evey sits in the gallery, reading Pynchon's "V" just as V had
text: done. She suddenly feels V watching her.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: V?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Yes.
text: Evey smiles as V steps out of the shadows.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: V, what's going to happen?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Change, Evey. That's all. Just
dialog: change.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Is it going to be violent?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Yes, I suppose it will.
scene_heading: INT. CONRAD'S HOUSE
text: Creedy empties a bottom drawer, making room to hide the
text: costume. As he does, the closet door behind him slowly
text: creeps open.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: V stands at the jukebox.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: But why? Why must is be violent?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Because, Evey, that is the nature
dialog: of change. She is a temperamental
text: creature that appears in earnest
dialog: rarely but, when she does, she will
text: wear one of two faces. The first
text: face is the destroyer. It is
dialog: lamentable but all true change
text: begins with death.
scene_heading: INT. CONRAD'S HOUSE
text: A dark figure stands over Creedy. The hammer raises, a slash
text: of silver against the velvety darkness.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: V punches a button on the jukebox just as --
scene_heading: INT. CONRAD'S HOUSE
text: The hammer falls with a sickening soft crunch.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: The song begins to play; a melancholy song that says goodbye
dialog: to love.
scene_heading: INT. CONRAD'S HOUSE
text: Blood pours down Creedy's snarling face, he snatches one of
text: V's knives as another hammer blow cracks through his collar
dialog: bone.
text: He screams, lunging at Conrad.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: V listens to the song, the smiling eyes somehow knowing.
scene_heading: INT. CONRAD'S HOUSE
text: The hammer falls again and again until the metal head is
text: slick with blood and meat.
text: Conrad stumbles back, dropping the hammer. He looks down at
text: the hilt of the knife protruding from his stomach. He yanks
text: it out and holds V's knife which is bright red with his own
dialog: blood.
text: He collapses to the floor.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: The song continues.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: What is the other face, V?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: The other face? She is the true
text: face of change. The face of the
dialog: creator. She is the one that
dialog: remakes the world. Evey?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Yes, V?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: May I ask you for a favor?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: It is a small thing but it would
dialog: mean a great deal to me.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I've never danced before. I've
dialog: thought about it many times, here
text: in this room, listening to the
dialog: music. But I've always been alone.
text: Evey smiles and crosses to him.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: It would be my pleasure.
text: He opens his arms and she steps into them. They dance,
text: standing very close, his gloved hand holding tightly to hers,
text: her smile against his.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: Dozens of military vehicles swarm around the entrance to
text: Victoria Station while heavily armed men pour through the
text: gates of the underground.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: The song ends.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Thank you, Evey. You are an
dialog: excellent dancer.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: All it takes is a little practice.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Alas, I have run out of time.
text: He bows, pressing his frozen lips to her hand. Evey is
text: suddenly nervous.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: V? What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Don't you remember? I have a date
dialog: tonight, Evey.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: You're coming back though, aren't
dialog: you?
text: She seizes hold of his hand.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: V, I won't let you leave unless you
dialog: promise me that you will come back.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Of course, I'll be back. You don't
dialog: think you can be rid of me now, do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Just promise.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I promise.
text: She lets him go.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION
text: Soldiers swarm through the station. Susan stares in shock,
text: outraged by the mere presence of the train.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Mark my words, Mr. Finch, this man
dialog: is going to become an example so
dialog: that every man, woman, and child in
dialog: this country will remember what
dialog: happens to those who would ever
dialog: think to stand against the state.
text: He turns to the Captain.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Captain, I need a gas unit down
dialog: here with enough nerve gas to fill
dialog: every rat-hole in these tunnels.
text: Suddenly the lights go out.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I don't think that will be
dialog: necessary.
text: The Leader smiles.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: There are over one hundred of the
dialog: best trained soldiers in this
dialog: country down here. Let him come.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN TUNNELS
text: Five soldiers creep forward in a tight formation, their
text: flashlights probing every nook and cranny.
text: Behind them, a secret passage opens and V steps out.
text: He is among them with frightful speed, a grinning dervish
text: with blades like metal fangs ripping and rending flesh,
text: slashing bright in the flashlight.
text: Other soldiers rush towards the screams and gunfire but they
text: find only five bodies and warm blood running down the walls.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Captain, what's happening?
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.O.)
dialog: No sign sir. Repeat, no sign of
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: They lost him.
text: From the opposite end, there is another series of screams and
text: machine gun fire that lights up the dark tunnel for a moment.
text: Then, nothing.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: This... this is a mistake.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Don't tell me you're a coward, Mr.
dialog: Finch.
text: Back in the tunnels, V drops from above, his cloak a swirling
text: cloud of squid ink that hides him in the darkness.
text: Again, quicksilver knives lash out, drawing fonts of blood.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION
text: Finch can feel the panic that is spreading through the
dialog: tunnel.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Leader, we have to get out of here!
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: This was your idea.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: It was a mistake. This is what he
dialog: wants. He knows us, Leader. He
dialog: knows us too well. We have to get
dialog: out of here before it's too late --
text: A voice rings out from hidden speakers, echoing through the
dialog: tunnels.
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: Good evening citizens of London.
dialog: This is the voice of Fate. Your
dialog: fate...
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: What trick is this?
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
text: Tonight, the face of London is
dialog: going to change and I am going to
dialog: offer you the chance to change with
dialog: her. Your Leader is finished. He
dialog: will not leave these tunnels alive.
text: The Leader screams to be heard over the resonant voice of V.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: This is an outrage! I order you
dialog: not to listen to this!
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: At midnight tonight, the Head will
dialog: be destroyed and a new era will
dialog: begin. You must now decide if you
dialog: are going to be a part of that era.
text: Everywhere, terrified soldiers listen to the voice.
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: You can choose to stay here and die
dialog: with your Leader or you can choose
dialog: to be free. The decision is yours
dialog: and yours alone.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Captain, order all your men to fall
dialog: back and secure this position!
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: Some of you have wives. Some of
dialog: you have families. All of you have
dialog: lives. Consider each of them as
dialog: you ask yourself, are they a part
dialog: of the past, or are they a part of
dialog: the future?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Fall back. Fall back and secure
text: the central platform.
text: Deep in the tunnel, two soldiers look at each other.
text: Simultaneously, they drop their guns and run.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Any man that disobeys this order
dialog: will be court marshaled!
text: Groups of solders drop their weapons and disappear into the
dialog: shadows.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Captain! Captain, where are your
dialog: men?
text: The station fills with the sound of boots running wildly
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Goddammit, I will not tolerate this
dialog: insubordination! I want those
dialog: deserters shot, Captain.
text: Finch slowly draws back away from the Leader.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Shot on sight!
text: The few men on the platform are soon the only men left.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: You! You! Point position. We're
dialog: getting out of here! Now!
text: A knife sings through the air and buries itself in the
text: Captain's chest. With a tiny rasp, he falls to the ground.
text: The remaining men bolt.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Traitors! You cowards!
text: He grabs for the Captain's machine gun.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: I know who you are! I'll see you
dialog: hang! Every last one of you!
text: "You" echoes down the dark empty throat of the tunnel.
text: The Leader looks around, his flashlight sweeping in big arcs
text: as he realizes that he is alone.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Finch? Finch! Finch, goddammit,
dialog: you can't leave me! Don't leave
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: V
dialog: You are going to die as you ruled --
text: The Leader screams, whipping around towards the voice.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Alone.
text: The smile is as cold and as sharp as the knife that flicks
text: from his hand.
text: The Leader raises his gun just when the knife sinks into his
dialog: shoulder.
text: Howling in pain, he drops the gun.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Damn you! Damn you!
text: V smiles into the spot of his flashlight.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Conrad? Is that you? You're
dialog: working with Finch, aren't you?
dialog: And Creedy! You're all in this
dialog: together!
text: V closes in.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: You, most of all, should know,
dialog: Leader. You created me. Without
dialog: you, I would never be. More than
dialog: life, Leader, you gave me purpose.
text: V draws his final blade.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: "He that killeth with the sword,
dialog: shall be killed with the sword."
text: V raises the knife.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Noooo!
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Don't move!
text: V and the Leader turn to find Finch aiming a machine gun at
dialog: V.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Mr. Finch! Oh god, Mr. Finch!
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Drop the knife.
text: V does and Susan begins an almost hysterical laugh.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Oh, I knew it, Mr. Finch. I knew
dialog: you wouldn't desert me. You're a
dialog: good man, Finch. A damn good man.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: No, Mr. Susan. No, I'm not. I'm a
dialog: man who does his job and does what
dialog: he's told. For twenty seven years,
dialog: that's all I've been.
text: He steps toward V, staring into his smiling black eyes.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Careful, Mr. Finch. He's quick as
dialog: the devil.
text: Finch ignores the Leader.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I've read Delia's diary over and
dialog: over all year. It sickens me but I
dialog: am unable to judge her. I am as
text: guilty as she.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Mr. Finch, what are you doing?
dialog: Shoot him. Kill the bastard,
dialog: Finch.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I have no excuse. I did what I was
dialog: told to do.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Finch, I order you to shoot him!
dialog: Finch!
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: My job was to find you and catch
dialog: you. I've done my job. I've done
dialog: it for the last time. I'm tired of
dialog: it. I'm tired of it all.
text: He tosses the gun to the Leader.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Kill him yourself if you can.
text: The Leader seethes, his eyes boring into Finch.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Thank you, V. And goodbye.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Finch.
text: The machine gun burst shatters the quiet concrete silence.
text: Finch falls dead at V's feet.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: I warned you, Finch, the penalty
dialog: for treason is death.
text: He aims the gun at V.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Are you ready to die?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: The real question is, are you?
text: The Leader laughs.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Do you really believe you can pick
dialog: up that knife before I pull this
dialog: trigger?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: No. But I don't have to.
text: Almost casually, V bends down to pick up the knife --
text: The Leader screams and fires.
text: Bullets knock V back a bit but he continues, grabbing the
text: knife and standing.
text: Eyes widening with disbelief, the Leader fires another blast
text: as V begins walking towards him.
text: The machine gun roars, bullets shredding out through the back
text: of V's cloak as he continues with short deliberate steps
dialog: until --
text: The hammer clicks against the pin. The gun is empty.
text: V stands before him.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: You see? You cannot kill me.
text: There is no flesh and blood within
dialog: this cloak to kill. There is only
dialog: an idea.
text: V smiles.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: And ideas are bulletproof.
text: The Leader screams.
text: V drives the knife into his heart, killing him instantly.
text: V stands alone amidst the carnage and seeping pools of red.
text: His body wavers. He takes his hands out from beneath his
text: cloak and reveals his gloves, wet with blood.
scene_heading: INT. CONRAD'S HOUSE
text: The front door opens and Helen enters.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Creedy? Creedy, you dumb bastard,
dialog: you left your car parked in front.
text: She walks up the stairs to the bedroom.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: What did I tell you? Creedy.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: She steps into the room, her sole and heel sinking into the
text: plush carpet soaked with blood.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh my god.
text: When she sees Creedy's head mashed open, she covers her
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Helen...
text: Conrad has propped himself against the bed.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Conrad! What have you done?
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: I won, Helen. I did it. I won.
dialog: I'm the better man.
text: He crawls toward her, slipping on the wet carpet.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: We've been through a bad patch,
dialog: Helen. But now, he's gone...
dialog: There's nothing to come between
dialog: us...
text: He reaches for her foot, his hand gloved with wet red.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Don't touch me! You stupid piece
dialog: of shit! You've ruined it! I had
dialog: it all planned perfectly and you've
dialog: ruined it!
text: She checks her watch; two hours to midnight.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I have to get out of here! I have
dialog: to get away!
text: Conrad seizes hold of her ankle.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Helen --
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: No! Let go! Now!
text: The look in his eyes frightens her. She tries to kick free
text: of him but he won't let go. Twisting, she reaches for the
text: door but slips on the carpet.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Conrad, damn you! Let me go!
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: No, Helen, you're not leaving me...
dialog: not this time... not ever.
text: He crawls up her body still clutching the bloody knife.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: No, please! Oh god, no! Oh god,
dialog: please help me!
text: Conrad raises the knife.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: No one can help us, Helen. God is
dialog: dead.
text: The knife falls.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: Evey hears V on the spiral staircase.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: V?
text: Scarlet footprints trail behind V as he struggles down the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: You came back.
text: He nods and then collapses, rolling down the rest of the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: V! V!
text: Running to him, she falls to his side. His clothes are slick
dialog: with blood.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Oh god, what happened?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Evey...
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: You need a doctor.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: It's too late for that...
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: No, don't say that!
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Evey, listen to me. I've not long
dialog: and there are things that must be
dialog: said.
text: His voice strains beneath the mask.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I have done that which I came to
dialog: do. Now, it is time for me to rest
dialog: and with me the past will, at last,
dialog: find peace.
text: Trembling, Evey holds him.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: But the world, the world is not
dialog: saved... Do not think that, when
text: the fires die and the smoke clears,
dialog: there is no miracle... there is
dialog: only a path... upon which they must
dialog: learn to rule themselves.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Yes, they need you, V.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Not me, Evey, not me. I told you I
dialog: am the villain. The destroyer...
dialog: But yes, they will need help...
text: He reaches up and wipes a tear from her cheek.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I kept my promise to you, Evey...
dialog: Now you must promise me.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Promise me... you will discover the
dialog: face under this mask... but you
dialog: will never look beneath it.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Promise me. Please...
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I promise.
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Sweet Eve. Wherever I shall go, I
dialog: shall always love you.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: V, you are not going anywhere!
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Midnight... Midnight. Eve... Make
dialog: them remember...
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: You're not going to die, V!
speaker_heading: V
dialog: Let me be there, Evey, when it
dialog: begins... Please, let me hear the
dialog: music, one last time... my music...
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I won't let you die!
speaker_heading: V
dialog: I know you won't... I know...
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: V!
speaker_heading: V
dialog: My love... Ave Atque vale...
text: Holding him as tight as she can, she feels his life drain
text: away, slipping through her arms in the way the last grains of
text: sand pour through the neck of the hourglass.
text: She buries her face beside his and weeps.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: An enormous crowd has begun to gather in the streets
text: surrounding the New Government Building. With the crowd, a
text: restlessness swells against each barricade erected by the
dialog: military.
text: A sergeant stands on an armored car, speaking through a
text: megaphone.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Return to your homes! There is
dialog: nothing to see! The terrorist is
dialog: dead!
speaker_heading: RABBLE ROUSER 1
dialog: He ain't dead!
speaker_heading: RABBLE ROUSER 2
dialog: He'll be here, just like he said!
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW GALLERY
text: Evey huddles against the stair railing, her face tear
text: stained, staring at the lifeless body of V.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: I remember... I remember staring at
text: the mask, at that smile.
text: She touches the mask, her fingers finding its edge.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Part of me couldn't believe he was
dialog: dead and maybe that was why. The
dialog: smile was still the same.
dialog: It made me want to tear it off so I
text: could see the face, so I could see
dialog: that he was dead.
text: Her fingers stop.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: But I had promised.
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: You will discover the face under
dialog: this mask but you will never look
text: beneath it.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
text: I began to try to imagine his face.
dialog: Of course, I had long pictured my
dialog: father behind that smile but I knew
dialog: in my heart that V was not my
dialog: father.
text: Evey stares into the eyes, the dark, empty eyes.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Yet every time I pictured another
dialog: face, any face, something was lost,
dialog: something important was somehow
dialog: diminished. V was more than a
dialog: face. V was V.
text: Her expression changes.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: And then, quite suddenly, quite
dialog: naturally, I realized whose face
dialog: must be beneath that mask. It was
dialog: the only face that mattered.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I won't let you die.
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: I know you won't... I know.
text: A small smile creeps across her face.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: Midnight approaches and the crowd feels it. Spilling
text: everywhere, they fill the streets like a flood.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR
text: Evey sets a final violet carson on the chest of V. He is
text: lying on a bed made of gelignite, covered in roses.
text: Touching his mask, she bends over him.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Goodbye, my love.
text: Tenderly, she presses her lips to the smile, her eyes
text: closing, her final tears blinking free.
text: She backs away and V smiles, his lips wet with her kiss, his
text: cheek wet with her tears.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: "Ave Atque vale."
text: On the train platform, Evey reaches through the window and
text: starts the train.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: I looked it up the next morning.
text: The wheels churn as the train lurches forward.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: "Hail and farewell."
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: "Make them remember..."
text: She watches the train disappear into the tunnel.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: They will, my love. They will.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: The crowd surges against a barricade when a voice cries out
text: across the city echoing through the megaphone on every
dialog: corner.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: "Remember, remember, the fifth of
dialog: November!"
text: High above the gathered mass, a masked figure steps out onto
text: a roof parapet.
text: The crowd explodes.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY
text: The train barrels along, screaming against its rusted rails.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP
text: Dressed as V, Evey stands on the roof's edge, speaking into a
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: I have come here tonight to keep a
text: promise. A promise that is over
dialog: four hundred years old. Tonight I
dialog: am here to give you your freedom!
text: Again, the crowd bursts into a frenzy.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Since mankind's dawn a handful of
dialog: oppressors have accepted the
dialog: responsibility over our lives,
dialog: responsibility that we should have
dialog: accepted ourselves. By doing so,
dialog: they took our power. By doing
dialog: nothing, we gave it away.
text: The voice booms over the mesmerized crowd.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Tonight, our world will change.
dialog: Our leaders will be gone and we
dialog: must choose what comes next. A
dialog: return to the chains of others or
dialog: lives of our own. A world of the
dialog: past or one of the future.
text: She feels the sea of humanity beneath her, almost channeling
dialog: their energy.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Let us choose carefully, London,
dialog: and when we do, let us mark well
dialog: and remember, remember this fifth
dialog: of November!
text: The crowd screams as one and their scream becomes --
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY
text: The train hurling like a bullet through a gun barrel. Ahead
text: the tracks end, buried beneath the rubble of the collapsed
dialog: tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR
text: Inside the rattling train, V lays in perfect repose.
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: Let me be there, Evey, when it
dialog: begins...
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOPS
text: Hidden and alone, Evey pulls the mask from her face.
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: Please let me hear the music... one
dialog: last time... my music.
text: Almost unconsciously, Evey raises her hand and coaxes the
text: first soft notes as he had once done.
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: At first, you have to listen
dialog: carefully.
text: The violins of the 1812 overture steadily rise.
speaker_heading: V (V.O.)
dialog: Ah, yes. There it is. Beautiful,
dialog: is it not?
text: Evey smiles, her hand still gently conducting.
speaker_heading: EVEY
dialog: Yes, my love. Yes it is.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY
text: With the clash of cymbals, the train crashes into the wall of
text: rubble.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW GOVERNMENT BUILDING
text: The entire building opens like a time-lapsed rose blooming
text: with brilliant orange petals of flame.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: The crowd is awash in the baptismal glow of erupting flame.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP
text: Evey watches the explosion, a star-burst of flaming debris
text: searing against the night sky like fireworks.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: The masses burst through the barricades with a euphoric
dialog: frenzy.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP
text: The explosion begins to slowly die.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: I know that there is only one way
dialog: to repay him for what he did.
text: She looks down at the mask.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: And I know that that way is going
dialog: to take a lot of hard work.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)
dialog: I know this like I know the sun
dialog: will rise tomorrow and beneath that
dialog: new sun, our work will begin.
text: The fire fades and Evey turns, cradling the mask, and walks
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
