speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: by
dialog: Donna & Wayne Powers
dialog: Based on the novel by Tom Savage
dialog: Revisions by
dialog: Gretchen J. Berg & Aaron Harberts
speaker_heading: MAY 11, 2000
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: Scared of being alone on Valentine’s Day?
dialog: You should be.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: RED SCREEN
text: Crimson so vibrant it pulsates. Rising out of the
text: surging color field, the Warner Brothers logo. Buried
text: deep within it, a heart-like THROBBING. The logo
text: expands. Contracts. With each BEAT, we hear SCARED
text: BREATHING.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KENNEDY MIDDLE SCHOOL - OUR POV - NIGHT (1988)
text: We’re staring UP AT the monolithic brick school. A
text: symbol of prepubescent hell.
text: CAMERA DARTS DOWN TO a pair of boyish, fifteen-year-old
text: hands, fingernails gnawed into oblivion. Stained with
text: bike grease, they fumble with a combination lock. The
text: BREATHING continues.
text: Teenybopper TITTERING assaults us from the left. CAMERA
text: WHIPS, catches the cadre of seventh grade girls -- a
text: flurry of hair scrunchies and party dresses ~- piling out
text: of a station wagon. No one makes eye contact with the
text: camera, but that doesn’t stop us from RISING and ZOOMING
text: IN ON SHELLEY, a pretty twelve-year-old.
text: Nervous, the hands rub against a powder blue tuxedo
text: shirt. We MOVE WITH our BOY as he closes in behind the
text: girls. The CAMERA BOUNCES WITH his herky-jerky, uneven
dialog: steps.
speaker_heading: BOY (0.S.)
dialog: Hi, Shelley.
text: Shelley rolls her gorgeous blue eyes in disgust. She
text: looks down at the Boy’s feet and wrinkles her nose.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS the gaze to expose cruelly pigeon-toed
text: feet, clad in thick black orthopedic shoes.
scene_heading: INT. MIDDLE SCHOOL GYM - NIGHT
text: We’ve entered a Valentine Day’s dance. It’s just as
dialog: awful as you remember it. TIFFANY’S horrific cover of "I
text: Think We’re Alone Now" booms from a P.A. system.
text: The CAMERA takes it all in. On a banner, "CUPID’S BALL,
text: 198811" A blur of red and white streamers and heart-
text: shaped balloons. A flash of the rented fog machine, the
text: disco ball, the teachers standing guard over punch bowls.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A glance of pre-teen boys, gathered in packs, pretending
text: to ignore the groups of pre-teen girls. Some of the kids
text: wear plastic cherub masks -- obvious party favors that
text: will clutter their closets for years to come.
text: CAMERA SHUFFLES OVER TO LILY, a sixth-grade princess in a
text: pink gown. She holds court with several loyal SUBJECTS.
speaker_heading: BOY (0.S.)
dialog: Um. Lily, would you like to dance
dialog: with me?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: No.
text: The Subjects erupt into laughter.
speaker_heading: SUBJECT #1
text: He smells.
speaker_heading: SUBJECT #2
dialog: Where’d you get your jacket,
dialog: Jeremy? The dump?
text: They toss their hair and float off. We TURN, spot the
text: class bad girl, PAIGE, posing defiantly in her black
text: mini-skirt and stilettos. She’s definitely packing
text: cigarettes in her purse. The Boy approaches cautiously.
speaker_heading: BOY (0.S.)
dialog: Paige? Do you want to dance?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I'd rather be boiled alive, dork.
text: Suddenly, we’re PUSHED FROM BEHIND. Right AT Paige. An
text: eighth grade BULLY circles around, gets up in the Boy’s
dialog: (and our) face.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: Shove off, pigeon shit.
text: MOVING WITH the Boy, as he goes in the direction of the
text: bleachers, where JENNIFER, a confident girl, sips a glass
text: of punch. She’s not afraid to catch the Boy’s eye.
speaker_heading: BOY (0.S.)
dialog: Jennifer, will you dance with me?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I came with a date, Jeremy.
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: CAMERA PUSHES THROUGH a crowd of awkward faces,
text: approaches the dance floor, where exuberant girls and
text: rhythm-impaired boys bop up and down like Belinda
text: Carlisle. A quick peek at each brace-covered mouth, or
text: acne-covered cheek, or hand darting to cover an exposed
text: bra strap. Here and there, flashes of cherub masks.
text: We TURN and LAND ON DOROTHY, a plump, shy girl. Her eyes
text: rove. A clique of seventh graders moves past her. As
text: they do, they snort like pigs.
text: Dorothy makes a paranoid inventory of the gym. She looks
text: straight INTO the CAMERA and realizes that the Boy heard
text: everything. Finally, he steps forward and INTO our VIEW.
text: He has a bird-like face and dark, hollow eyes.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: What are you looking at?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Dorothy, I --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Get away!
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I just wanted to ask you --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Leave me alone, pigeon shit!
text: The Bully appears out of nowhere.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: Is Jeremy bothering you, Dorothy?
text: Dorothy backs away -- uncomfortable in the spotlight.
text: The Bully shoves the Boy.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I didn’t do anything.
text: A crowd of onlookers has gathered. Dorothy starts to
dialog: panic.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: He’s -- he’s been following me all
dialog: night. Asking me if I’1l make out
text: with him under the bleachers.
text: Several JOCK TYPES raise their cherub masks, laser angry,
text: judgmental gazes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOCK #1
dialog: You looking for some action,
dialog: Jeremy? Get over here.
text: He jerks the Boy into the center of the mob. Hands grab
text: at his jacket, yank it off.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: No --
text: The Boy tries to twist away.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: This’1l teach you.
text: There’s no escape. TIFFANY still belts her heart out,
text: but the KIDS have their own song.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Pigeon shit! Pigeon shit!
dialog: Careful you might step in it!
text: It’s utter chaos. The Boy’s orthopedic shoes sail into
text: the air. Wild hands hot-potato them around the gym.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Pigeon shit! Pigeon shit!
dialog: Careful you might step in it!
text: Shirt and pants are wrestled away, exposing the concave
text: chest, the dingy Penney’s briefs. Spindly, crooked legs.
text: Serawny arms frantically try to cover up. A punch cup
text: goes flying. Hits him in the head. Red liquid spills
text: down his pale torso.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Pigeon shit! Pigeon shit!
dialog: Careful you might step in it!
text: Paige shoves a chocolate cupcake down into his underwear.
text: We’re TIGHT ON the Boy’s trembling face as he watches the
text: circus-like proceedings. Blood trickles from one nostril
text: -- an involuntary nosebleed. In shock, he stands and
text: calmly tries to walk through the crush of jeers, but the
text: Kids push him back.
text: Someone drapes a tangle of crepe paper over his head.
text: The Kids spin him around and around.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Pigeon shit! Pigeon shit!
dialog: Careful you might step in it!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Boy snaps, tries to fight back with a wild and
text: girlish punch. Four boys easily tackle him to the
text: ground. They grab at his underwear. Threadbare seams
text: begin to give way, exposing the runny brown cupcake
text: frosting. The Boy howls like a cornered animal.
text: PULL UP as the crowd grows and surges with a sinister
text: life of its own. The Boy is swallowed by the mob.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Pigeon shit! Pigeon shit!
dialog: Careful you might step in it!
text: STOP ON the banner, "CUPID’S BALL, 1988!" and the frozen,
text: poster-painted grin of a cupid’s face. Gradually, the
text: children’s TAUNTS FADE AWAY.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEGANT RESTAURANT - NIGHT (2001)
text: PAN ACROSS the room, where couples dine at candle-lit
text: tables. One patron feeds delectable morsels to his
text: beloved. Next to them, a miserable bore and shy girl
text: hide behind menus. Nearby, a long-time married couple
text: eat in silence and stare off into space.
text: STOP ON JASON, 30, and a pompous ass. He leans forward,
text: and talks with his mouth full of food.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What Jason is looking for ina
dialog: relationship is a perfect match.
dialog: Someone who will bring out my good
dialog: qualities, but won’t judge me for
dialog: my bad ones.
text: PULL BACK to reveal SHELLEY FISHER, 24 and beautiful.
text: She tries not to stare at the horrendous display in front
dialog: of her.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (off his teeth)
dialog: You've got some spinach or
dialog: something...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Huh? Oh, thanks. Anyway,
dialog: unconditional love. That’s what
dialog: I’m after. That’s what I’m
dialog: offering. How ‘bout you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Me? Well, uh, what Shelley’s
dialog: looking for is...
dialog: (spotting a passing
dialog: waiter; calling off)
dialog: The check!
text: The WAITER approaches.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Would you care for any coffee
dialog: or --
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Nope. Just the check.
text: The Waiter deposits it and leaves.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Are you sure? Jason has a sweet
dialog: tooth.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Yeah. Actually, I have to get
dialog: back. It’s finals and --
text: Jason scoops up the check and gulps down his mouthful of
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Muy expensivo.
text: Horrified, Shelley spots another woman, whose male
text: companion blathers on and on. The woman catches
text: Shelley’s eye, and they share a sympathetic look.
text: Jason pulls out a Palm Pilot.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Let’s see, you had the salmon; I
dialog: had a salad. Did you have two
dialog: glasses of wine?
text: Shelley swigs down the last of her merlot and tries not
text: to scream.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO STREET - NIGHT
text: A cab pulls up to the curb and Shelley yanks open the
text: door. She slaps on a smile and extends a hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Jason, I’m glad we did this. Take
dialog: care.
text: Jason fumbles for a pen.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Let me get your number. On
dialog: Valentine’s Day, we’1l go out on
dialog: my friend’s sailboat. It has a
text: bedroom below deck and everything.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Good night.
text: Shelley gets into the CAB, and it ROARS off. Jason yells
dialog: after it --
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Hey! I did this as a favor!
text: STAY ON Jason, seething as the cab disappears into the
dialog: night.
scene_heading: INT. CAB - NIGHT
text: Shelley uses a tissue to scrub the lipstick from her face
text: as she talks into her cell phone.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Mother, you may never, ever set me
dialog: up on a blind date again... So
dialog: what if he’s a doctor? I’m going
dialog: to be a doctor!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MEDICAL SCHOOL BUILDING - NIGHT
text: A sterile, three-story structure in the dead of night.
text: The windows are black, All is still until the cab pulls
text: up. Shelley jumps out. and dashes into the building. As
text: soon as the cab pulls away --
text: Someone creeps through the trees and approaches a first
text: floor window. Inside, a light goes on.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
scene_heading: INT. GROSS ANATOMY LAB - NIGHT
text: MOVING PAST colorful anatomical charts, sign-up sheets
text: for study groups, and jars of organs. An ancient
text: epitaph, donated by some miserable student, is etched
text: into the black surface of a lab table: "ANATOMY SUCKS."
text: The letters are deep, jagged, obviously augmented every
text: year with scalpels and ballpoint pens. From a corner, a
text: skeleton smiles out over the room. Two red carnations
text: protrude from his empty eye sockets.
scene_heading: ON CHALKBOARD
text: Another epitaph: "EXAM TOMORROW. 10:00 A.M." The room
text: is quiet, empty, until:
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (0.S.)
dialog: Transversus abdominis.
speaker_heading: BACK OF ROOM
text: A drawn privacy curtain is lit from within. PUSH IN
text: THROUGH a crack in the fabric to find Shelley, wearing a
text: white lab coat. She holds an open anatomy manual in one
text: arm and hovers over an open body bag. Books and handouts
text: are scattered everywhere. Her eyes droop with
text: exhaustion. They move back and forth from the book to --
speaker_heading: BODY BAG
text: Labelled "GREG." Inside, the object of her scrutiny
text: wears only one expression -- dead. The pickled, smooth
text: skin of his chest, torso, and abdomen is the palest
text: white. From a valve at the foot of the bag, fluids drip
text: into a collection pan.
text: Shelley picks up her scalpel, hovers over the left side
text: of Greg’s abdomen.
text: The quivering blade moves closer. Touches the skin.
text: Pushes in ever so slightly. Stops.
text: Shelly glances into her cadaver’s face. She can’t make
dialog: the first cut.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: {to Greg)
dialog: You won’t feel.it. TI promise.
text: She waits for an answer. None comes. Finally, she grabs
text: a medical sheet and drapes it over Greg’s face and upper
text: body. Now, just a milky stretch of the abdomen is
dialog: exposed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Transversus abdominus.
text: Shelly reaches over to a battered RADIO, sitting on a
text: rolling equipment cart. She CRANKS IT UP.
speaker_heading: DI (V.0.)
dialog: Less than a week ‘til the big v-
dialog: Day. The most romantic holiday on
dialog: the planet. To keep cupid happy,
dialog: I’ve got a block of love songs to
dialog: break your heart and keep you
text: misty.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Perfect.
speaker_heading: DI (V.0.)
dialog: But first, by request, this upbeat
dialog: little number from 1988. You’re
text: listening to K.N.U.R.- F.M. San
dialog: Francisco’s best tunes.
text: TIFFANY’S rendition of "I Think We’re Alone Now" bops
text: across the airwaves. Shelley scowls, hating the song,
text: but her focus in on her scalpel as it moves in for the
dialog: target.
text: There’s a CLATTER from outside the privacy curtain.
text: Startled, Shelley drops her instrument.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Hello?
text: She peeks her head through the crack. It takes a moment
text: for her eyes to adjust to the low light, but the room is
text: empty.
text: Rusty RINGS SCREECH on the metal bar as Shelley pulls
text: aside the curtain and flicks on another bank of lights.
text: There’s another CLATTER. Shelley jumps and looks
dialog: toward --
text: The door next to her. Hand-painted letters on the glass
text: read, "LOCKER ROOM."
scene_heading: INT. GROSS ANATOMY LAB - LOCKERS - MOMENTS LATER
text: Shelley cautiously pokes her head into the room.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Professor Buckley?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She searches the wall for a light switch, finds it.
text: There’s a fluttering strobe as the overhead lighting
text: fights to turn on.
scene_heading: BEHIND SHELLEY
text: A silhouette appears over her shoulder, just behind the
text: door. Motionless. Waiting.
text: The LIGHT POPS and goes out. BLACKNESS. A nearly
dialog: inaudible whisper --
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Dance with me.
text: A weak, green fluorescent light floods the room. Shelley
text: pivots to look behind her. The silhouette is gone. She
text: looks deeper into the locker room. Thirty lockers line
text: either side. No one. The last locker on the right is
text: half open, obscuring what lies behind it.
text: Shelley strides further into the room when the bank of
text: FLUORESCENTS once again SPUTTERS and goes out. She
text: freezes. There’s a CREAK of METAL HINGES, and the lights
dialog: come back on.
text: The once-open locker is now almost completely closed.
text: Shelley marches to the last locker and rips it open. She
text: stifles a scream as she sees --
text: Her own flustered reflection in the locker mirror.
text: She slams the door, moves to her own locker, and unlocks
text: it. Extracting a ponytail holder, she notices the shiny
text: pink envelope, taped to the inside of the door. A length
text: of crimson ribbon ties it up in an intricate bow.
text: Shelley opens the envelope to find -- an antique
dialog: valentine.
text: The lace-edged card is lettered in gold: "Our hearts by
dialog: love united, /Nor days nor nights can sever. /Our bodies
dialog: may be parted, /Our hearts love on forever."
text: A white tassel is attached to the center of the card.
text: She pulls it, and the face separates and lifts into a
text: paper cage. Through the delicate bars --
text: A rosy-cheeked girl kisses a skeleton.
text: At the bottom, it’s signed with a heart anda "J."
text: Confused, she lets go of the tassel, and the card snaps
text: back into place. With a whoosh, it sails into the trash.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. MED SCHOOL HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Shelley peers out AT us through the glass window of the
text: anatomy lab door. Unable to see anything, she steps into
text: the hall. Her feet skid a little as she walks halfway
dialog: down it.
text: At the far end of the dark corridor --
text: A janitor stows his mop and bucket in a closet and pushes
text: out the exit doors.
text: Relieved, she re-traces her slippery path.
scene_heading: INT. GROSS ANATOMY LAB - NIGHT
text: Shelley strides to the radio. With a CLICK, she SILENCES
text: TIFFANY forever. Attention shifts to the medical
dialog: dictionary.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
text: The fibers run perpendicular to
text: one another at a 45 degree angle
text: to the transverse plane.
text: White skin still peeks out from underneath the sterile
text: drape. Shelley bends to retrieve her scalpel. She finds
text: it, takes a deep breath, and moves the edge of the blade
text: ever closer to the cadaver’s exposed epidermis. Almost
text: there, she notices --
text: The abdomen rising and falling. Taking a breath!
text: Shelley screams. The scalpel goes flying. She bolts
text: back, spins and locks eyes with --
text: Her cadaver’s face, slamming against the glass of the
text: locker room door.
text: The weight of his body pushes it open, and he lands at
text: her feet.
text: As she stares in horror at the sight before her, we
dialog: see --
text: A form on the dissection table sit up. The sheet is
dialog: pulled away to reveal --
speaker_heading: CHERUB MASK
text: Waxy, rosy, full-cheeked like that of a Botticelli angel.
text: Behind it, the eyes are cold.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: A gloved hand tugs down a powder blue tuxedo shirt and
text: white dinner jacket to cover his once-exposed abdomen.
text: Shelley doesn’t realize the danger approaching until the
text: red ribbon is around her throat. Hands yank, and the
text: ligature digs deep into the skin.
text: She tries to yell, but the effort is useless. The thick
text: ribbon cuts off her air supply. She writhes, twists,
text: looks up into the face of the cherub.
text: He pulls her back to the lab table, but Shelley jerks,
text: scattering the dissection kit across the room.
text: The cherub tightens the noose with a fierce tub. His
text: victim’s head spins. Bulging eyes glimpse a silver flash
text: of the scalpel, resting underneath the lab table.
text: Summoning everything, she throws a punch, stunning the
text: cherub and knocking his mask askew. Gasping for breath,
text: she pitches herself over the table and slams to the
dialog: floor.
text: The scalpel is inches away. She reaches for it, fingers
text: almost to the handle, when the cherub’s foot crashes onto
text: her hand, crushing it instantly. Shelley moans, follows
text: the line of her attacker’s black tuxedo pants, up to the
text: blue ruffled tuxedo shirt, white dinner jacket, and
text: withered red boutonniere.
text: The cherub picks up the scalpel, straddles her, and
text: raises the blade. With one last burst, Shelley buries
text: her foot deep into his stomach. The cherub sinks to the
dialog: floor.
scene_heading: INT. MED SCHOOL HALLWAY -. NIGHT
text: Shelley slams out the lab doors.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Help!
text: She skids across the glistening floor, still wet from the
text: janitor’s mopping. Arms flying, she holds her balance
text: and pedals on. Her eyes sweep the far-off foyer for any
text: sign of life.
scene_heading: INT. MED SCHOOL FOYER - NIGHT
text: Shelley careens into the foyer.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: AT SECURITY DESK
text: A portable TELEVISION, BASKETBALL GAME BLARING, is the
text: only thing in sight.
text: Shelley throws herself against the exit door. It won’t
dialog: budge.
speaker_heading: DOWN HALL
text: The anatomy lab door opens. The cherub appears, scalpel
text: glinting in his hands. He locks onto his target and
text: moves toward her. Slow, deliberate, slightly pigeon-toed
dialog: steps.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Shelley scrambles for traction, but the slick floor won’t
text: allow it. Clawing at the air, she hangs a right and
text: flies down another shadowy corridor. In the distance,
text: the cherub’s FOOTSTEPS ECHO in pursuit. She opens a
text: stairwell door and slips inside.
text: He’s not far behind her.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: The cherub steps into the empty corridor. He reaches out
text: for a doorknob. Twists. Locked. He tries another.
text: Nothing. Finally, one gives way.
scene_heading: INT. CADAVER ROOM - NIGHT
text: The door swings open, and a light clicks on. The cherub
text: stands in the cadaver room. Ten body bags, five on each
text: side, rest end-to-end on their respective carts. He
text: waits for a noise. Nothing greets him but dead
text: stillness. He turns to go. Stops.
text: Moving to one of the bags, he jerks the zipper down,
text: exposing the corpse of an old woman. Her body is stiff
text: and bloated. Hands blazing, the cherub moves through the
text: makeshift aisle, unzipping as he goes.
text: He reaches the last bag, yanks the zipper, and greets a
text: dead man, whose open mouth is a checkerboard of missing
text: teeth. His thirty-eight inch belly sags open. There’s a
text: slight movement from beneath the body, and the corpse
text: explodes upward, revealing Shelley. The cherub recoils,
text: but the body slams into him, forcing him back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Covered in formaldehyde, Shelley tugs on the zipper of
text: the body bag. It’s stuck just above her knees.
text: The scalpel slides across her fingers. Shelley drops
text: back, screams, gags as soaking strands of hair fall
text: across her mouth. The cherub stuffs her arms to her
text: sides. There’s a horrifying ZING as the zipper slides up
text: to her collarbone. Immobilized, Shelley strains against
text: the body bag.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Please!
text: The cherub stares at his victim. A trail of blood
text: dribbles from his nostril. Ignoring it, he moves in,
text: puts the scalpel to Shelley’s neck, and pulls. A crimson
text: path opens in its wake.
text: Shelley’s eyes glaze over in shock. The cherub shoves
text: her head deep into thick, rank ooze. One more zip closes
dialog: everything off.
text: The cherub steps back and watches as the bag jerks,
text: squirms, then ceases to move altogether. After a moment
dialog: he goes.
text: Silence fills the room, then scattered drops, then a
text: trickle. At the foot of the cart, the fluid collection
text: pan begins to fill with blood.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO GOLDEN TRIANGLE - NIGHT
text: The bars and sidewalks of Fillmore Street are filled with
text: beautiful young professionals. They mingle, chat, and
text: flirt -- running toward the weekend with open, grateful
dialog: arms.
text: Two young women stand out. Meet JENNIFER KEATS, 24,
text: sweet, with a spunky pragmatism that never comes off as
text: cynical. At her side is PAIGE PRESCOTT, 24, jaw-dropping
text: in fire engine red lipstick and a clingy top.
text: They stop in front of the Balboa Cafe. There’s a standee
text: that reads, "SPEED DATING ~-- 10 O’CLOCK." Jennifer sees
text: the sign and turns on her heel to go. Paige grabs her.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: You promised.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Paige, only a loser would do this.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: ~ Excuse me. This is the hottest
dialog: thing among young professionals.
dialog: An efficient, risk-free way to
dialog: meet your soul mate.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Uh-huh. Sounds great.
text: Jennifer turns to go again. Paige grabs her arm.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Blind dates? A waste of an entire
dialog: evening. Personal ads, video
dialog: dating? The guys never turn out
dialog: as advertised. Singles bars? --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Hey, I’m not even a hundred
dialog: percent available.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Whatever. You meet a prospect,
dialog: and in thirty seconds you’ll know
dialog: if you want to spend a second more
dialog: with him. If you don’t, you’re on
text: to the next one. It’s foolproof.
dialog: I wish I’d thought of it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: If I’m going to meet my so-called
dialog: soul mate, I prefer the old-
text: fashioned way. Wandering through
text: the grocery store. Reaching out
dialog: for the same grapefruit. Our
text: hands touch, our eyes meet...
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Grapefruit? Jennifer, when was
dialog: the last time you met a guy at
dialog: Park ‘’N Pack?
text: Paige jabs at the standee.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Take control of your romantic
dialog: destiny.
dialog: As Jennifer considers --
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. BALBOA CAFE - BACK ROOM - CLOSE ON BOOKISH GUY -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: His wire rims are cockeyed. He bites at his upper lip
text: excitedly.
speaker_heading: BOOKISH GUY
dialog: Last summer I traced my mother’s
text: side back to the Mayflower.
dialog: Pretty awesome, huh? You know, my
dialog: mom was the most amazing --
text: An EGG TIMER DINGS. In a seamless CUT, his face is
text: replaced by that of a COCKY INVESTMENT BANKER --
text: perfectly coifed, perfectly Armanied.
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: Lesbian. She told me on our
dialog: second anniversary. Said I
dialog: couldn’t give her what she needed.
dialog: Like wintering in St. Barths is
dialog: something to sneeze at. The whole
dialog: thing hit me like --
text: DING. A balding JOCK with a University of North Carolina
text: T-shirt.
speaker_heading: JOCK
dialog: Tarheels b-ball, baby! Some
dialog: buddies and I try to crash at
dialog: least half the games. So, I’m on
dialog: the road a lot. Just me, a six
dialog: pack, and --
text: DING. Another CUT. A PAINFULLY SHY GUY stares at the
text: table and chews his nails. He’s silent. Awkward.
dialog: Endless. Then --
scene_heading: PAINFULLY SHY
dialog: Uh, you know... Uh...
text: DING. Another CUT. BRIAN, a sexy alterna dude. Nose
dialog: stud. Celtic tattoo. Probably five million in internet
dialog: stock options.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Nipple rings. Mine went in last
dialog: week. What holes do you have?
text: FIND Jennifer, the object of his inquiry. An egg timer
text: sits in front of her. She wears a name tag and a
text: horrified look on her face.
text: Paige, seated next to Jennifer, leans in and smiles at
dialog: Brian.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Are your jewels adorned, too?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Paige!
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: And if so, may we please see them?
text: Jennifer drops her head to the table. Brian gives Paige
text: a wink and a nod and starts to unbutton his pants.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Jennifer and Paige hit the sidewalk. Paige laughs
text: hysterically.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Thank god you got us booted.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (pulling out a
dialog: slip of paper)
dialog: I got the pierced guy’s number, so
dialog: as far as I’m concerned, mission
dialog: accomplished.
text: Jennifer’s CELL PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Hello? Hey, Dorothy. You’1l
dialog: never believe --
text: She sobers immediately. Paige picks up on it, stops
text: laughing.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What?...
text: Stunned, Jennifer steadies herself against a light post.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Wow. Oh my god.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: The cemetery lies under a blanket of clouds and cold.
text: Mourners surround an open grave. A-PASTOR’S voice barely
text: carries over the muffled sobs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PASTOR
dialog: Shelley Fisher was taken from us
dialog: before her time. But her heavenly
text: Father watches over her, even
dialog: now...
text: Behind the packed rows of family members, Jennifer
text: watches solemnly with DOROTHY WHEELER, 24, big-boned.
text: Dorothy fidgets with three strands of very expensive
dialog: pearls.
text: FURTHER DOWN, Paige, wearing a too-short skirt, observes
text: with LILY VOIGHT, a paragon of blonde sweetness.
speaker_heading: PASTOR
dialog: Yea, though I walk through the
dialog: valley of the shadow of death, I
dialog: will fear no evil...
text: Mr. and MRS. FISHER, the shell-shocked parents, cling to
text: one another. Unable to watch, Jennifer looks away from
text: the casket.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - LATER
text: The funeral party is starting to disperse. Jennifer and
text: Dorothy head for their cars.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: It was a beautiful service. What
dialog: were those? Irises?
text: Jennifer doesn’t respond. Dorothy follows her surprised
dialog: gaze to --
text: A beat-up Saab. Exiting it is ADAM COLE, 26, handsome,
dialog: clean-cut, a guy that every mom would want as a son-in-
text: law. He quickly closes the distance between them.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Adam, I said you didn’t have to
dialog: come.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I wanted to make sure you were
dialog: okay.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Hey, Dorothy.
text: Dorothy knows the drill. She gives the couple some
text: space. Adam surveys the crowd.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Looks like she had a lot of
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I would’ve been here sooner, but
dialog: John yanked me into a meeting and
dialog: gave me some good news.
dialog: {a beat)
dialog: In light of all this, it’s really
dialog: not important.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: They’re letting me cover Giants’
dialog: spring training.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: Someone else was on-deck for the
dialog: gig, but...
text: Jennifer fights the urge to linger.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dorothy and I should...
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Look, would you celebrate with me?
dialog: Not now, obviously. But it’s been
dialog: a few weeks, and...
text: Adam realizes Jennifer isn’t listening. Her eyes are
dialog: locked on --
scene_heading: HER POV - BOTTLE OF PATRON
text: resting on the passenger seat of the Saab.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: She shoots him the kind of disappointed look reserved for
text: close friends, family, and exes.
text: Adam yanks the car door open and pulls out the bottle.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: A guy at the office got a job at
dialog: the L.A. Times. I bought it as a
dialog: gift. Here’s the card.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: It’s none of my business.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I want it to be your business. I
dialog: miss you, Jen.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Can we try dinner sometime this
dialog: week?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: {gentle)
dialog: Let me call you, okay?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Fine. Seeya.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I’m sorry about your friend.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Thanks.
text: Frustrated, Adam gets in his car and drives off. Dorothy
text: joins Jennifer.
dialog: They turn
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Good girl. I so would’ve caved.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: He looked really good, didn’t he?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: ‘Dignity.’ Remember our word for
dialog: 2001?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dignity. Dignity. Got it.
text: to go and are blocked by CINDY VAUGHN, a tough,
text: no-nonsense woman in her forties.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Excuse me. I assume you girls are
dialog: friends of Shelley’s?
text: Jennifer spots the police badge hanging from Vaughn's
dialog: belt.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: The women
dialog: place?
dialog: They nod,
dialog: Paige and
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: We knew her when we were kids. We
dialog: haven’t seen her in a few years.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I’m Detective Vaughn. The officer
text: on the case.
dialog: look at each other. Is this the right time or
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: We have no leads. I’m here with
dialog: the family’s approval.
dialog: (pulling one)
dialog: Here’s my card. If you think of
dialog: anything or anyone who might be
dialog: helpful to our investigation,
dialog: please call.
dialog: and she goes.
text: Lily approach.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (to Jennifer)
dialog: Sorry we were late.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: My fault. Hi, Jen.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (hugging her)
dialog: Lily, I totally didn’t recognize
dialog: you. Your hair got so long.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Hey, Paige.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Oh, hi... uh --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Dorothy. Wheeler.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dorothy went to Kennedy with us.
dialog: You’ve met before.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Right. Sorry. How are you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: When’s the last time you guys saw
dialog: Shelley?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: It’s been forever.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Yeah. She and I used to party
dialog: together, but once she started
dialog: medical school...
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Are you guys going back to her
dialog: parents’ house?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I thought about it.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: It’ll probably just be family.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Maybe we should have our own wake.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Much better idea.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: My place. Twenty minutes.
text: They disperse. Dorothy climbs into a giant Mercedes
text: sedan. Jennifer continues down the row of cars until she
text: reaches her Civic. As she draws her keys, she notices --
text: Something pinned under her windshield wiper. It’s a red
text: rose. Retrieving it, Jennifer pricks her finger on a
text: hidden thorn. She grimaces and examines the tiny droplet
dialog: of blood.
text: A CAR ZOOMS past Jennifer and throws muddy water onto her
text: shoes. Shaking them off, she unlocks her car.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JENNIFER’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: A six-story apartment building in the Tenderloin
text: District. It houses a couple hundred singles and the
text: less than 30-grand-a-year crowd.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jennifer, Dorothy, Paige and Lily spill into Jennifer’s
dialog: humble studio. She’s done decorating wonders with the
text: help of homemade bookshelves, bright curtains, and a lot
dialog: of plants.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Pantyhose should be outlawed.
dialog: Anyone want to borrow anything?
text: Jennifer heads to a bureau and yanks out a few pairs of
text: sweat pants and sweat shirts.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Please.
text: Paige and Lily start to change. Jennifer moves to the
text: kitchen area, where Dorothy checks out the bar on top of
dialog: the fridge.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You’ve got vodka, a centimeter of
text: rum, and tequila.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I’ve got this. Go change clothes.
text: Dorothy makes sure the other girls can’t hear.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Nothing of yours will fit.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You don’t know that.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I’m fine in this.
text: Jennifer nods, grabs the bottles, and stuffs them into
text: her purse. Then, she crosses to a trunk and pulls out a
text: stack of blankets.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Everybody grab your coats.
text: Jennifer throws open the window and exits out it. One by
text: one, the girls follow.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Single-file, the girls climb up the rickety fire escape,
text: through the shadows, through the sounds of HONKING CARS,
text: through the damp wind.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Dorothy lingers, staring up at the stories left to go.
text: She sneaks a look down and grabs the banister.
text: Jennifer’s hand lands on hers.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Keep your eyes on my back.
text: They continue onward.
scene_heading: AT TOP OF FIRE ESCAPE
text: Paige and Lily wait on the platform. Paige leans against
text: the railing and looks down at Jennifer and Dorothy, still
text: tackling the steps.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I used to make oinking noises when
dialog: she ran laps in gym. She wouldn’t
dialog: remember that, right?
text: Lily shrugs.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - CLOSE ON VODKA BOTTLE - NIGHT
text: topping off glasses of cranberry juice.
speaker_heading: PAIGE (0.S.)
dialog: Mr. Yarnek. I swear the guy was
text: missing half his tongue.
text: PULL BACK to reveal: Jennifer, Dorothy, Paige and Lily
text: buried under blankets and sitting on cast-off patio
dialog: furniture.
text: The girls smoke cigarettes, guzzle their drinks, and
text: laugh. City lights surround them.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: How could they let someone with
dialog: such a colossal speech impediment
dialog: teach class?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Remember the lecture on global
dialog: agriculture?
dialog: {affecting slurred
dialog: speech)
dialog: ‘Paige, beside penis, wha is a
dialog: cash cop of Afika?’
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Paige and
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: ’Peanuts.’
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: ‘Paige, wha do you tink?’ You
dialog: shouted, ‘I. Can’t. Understand.
dialog: You!’ The whole class applauded.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: That was sixth grade. How do you
dialog: remember that?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I don’t forget anything.
text: Lily exchange a look. Uh-oh.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: A gooey pizza has joined the party. So has the tequila.
dialog: The girls
dialog: Script provided for
dialog: are drunk.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Max is an artist. We've been
dialog: together less than two weeks.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Impressive. I don’t start any new
dialog: relationships in February.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Not a word about Valentine’s Day.
dialog: I’m terrified he’s going to want
dialog: to spend it with me out of
dialog: obligation. That’s why I have a
dialog: business trip planned.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Listen to this. It’s brilliant.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I give him one more date. If it
dialog: looks like it’s moving forward, I
dialog: cancel my trip. If we crash and
dialog: burn, I save face for everyone by
dialog: being in Chicago.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Or you could just fuck him and
dialog: enjoy it. I would.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http:/www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Her dating advice rarely changes.
dialog: How ’bout you, Jennifer? Are you
dialog: still seeing what’s-his-name?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: There’s no one word answer to that
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
text: Adam. They broke up.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (to Dorothy)
dialog: I’ve told you six hundred times.
dialog: We’re taking a break. Not
text: breaking up.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Hey. I support the misguided
dialog: logic that seeing other people
dialog: will show you how good you were
text: with someone else.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Or you could just fuck him and
dialog: enjoy it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (a groan)
dialog: Why does Valentine’s Day have to
dialog: suck so much?
text: Jennifer stomps her feet and screams. The other girls
text: join in. It’s a primal howl that lasts several seconds.
dialog: Then --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: My father and his teenage bride
dialog: are leaving tomorrow for a tour of
dialog: mude Caribbean beaches. How gross
dialog: is that?
text: Another howl. After they regain their composure --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: We shouldn’t forget why we’re
dialog: here.
dialog: (holding up her
dialog: drink)
dialog: To Shelley. We love you. We'll
dialog: miss you.
text: The girls clink glasses and drink.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: One good thing happened.
dialog: (to Paige and Lily)
dialog: I got to see you two again.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Amen.
text: Jennifer checks her watch.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Sorry, folks, gotta call ita
dialog: night. Big interview tomorrow.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Are you still catering?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Yep.
dialog: As they clean up --
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Max has an opening tomorrow night
dialog: at the gallery I manage. I'm
dialog: putting you all on the list.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: A party where I don’t have to
dialog: worry about the asparagus running
dialog: out? Count me in.
text: Jennifer stows the empty bottles in her purse. Dorothy
text: looks nervously toward the fire escape.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Do we have to climb down that
dialog: thing again?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: We’ll go the other way.
text: Jennifer steps around a rooftop air conditioning unit and
dialog: barrels into --
text: A giant figure.
text: Jennifer screams. The other girls scream. The giant
text: screams.
text: Jennifer steps back and realizes it’s the BUILDING
text: SUPERVISOR, 50s and gruff.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: BUILDING SUPER
dialog: What are you doing up here? The
text: people on six are trying to sleep.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Hi, Murray. We were just --
scene_heading: BUILDING SUPER
text: Leaving. Now.
text: Guilty, the girls file out.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC HEIGHTS - NIGHT
dialog: We’re in the heart of old money and internet IPO nouveau
text: millionaires. Mega-homes as far as the eye can see.
text: Dorothy’s Mercedes parks on the street, and she hops out.
speaker_heading: FROM SHADOWS
dialog: across the street --
text: Someone watches Dorothy head for the hillside steps that
text: lead to the entrance of the Wheeler family mansion.
text: The shadow steps out.
text: AT FOOT OF STAIRS
text: Dorothy hears the SHOES on the sidewalk. She turns,
text: peers across the street.
text: The shadow ducks out of view again.
scene_heading: EXT. WHEELER MANSION - SAME TIME
text: Dorothy darts up the stairs and onto the porch. She
text: rings the DOORBELL, then knocks. There’s no answer. She
text: searches through a jumble of keys.
text: The FOOTSTEPS on the sidewalk GET CLOSER. FASTER.
text: Dorothy drops the keys. Glances back again.
text: A shadow falls at the foot of the stairs.
speaker_heading: ON DOROTHY
text: as she finds the right key. She rams it into the lock
text: and pushes inside.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. DOROTHY’S MANSION - FOYER - NIGHT
text: The house is straight out of Architectural Digest.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Jesus, Frank, he is my trainer!
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Well, those were the strangest
dialog: looking crunches I’ve ever seen!
text: As the argument in the back of the house continues,
text: Dorothy peeks into the adjoining living room.
text: On the couch, an elderly MAID watches TELEVISION.
text: Dorothy ducks back into the foyer, where FRANK WHEELER,
text: an industrialist in his fifties, chases LAUREN WHEELER, a
text: cackling trophy wife in her twenties, up the stairs with
text: a smack of the ass. Their argument is obviously over.
text: Dorothy shudders and grabs a pile of mail. She sorts
text: through and is shocked to see the red envelope, addressed
text: to her. Dorothy tears into it. A chubby cupid smiles
text: from the face of an elaborate card. She reads.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: ‘'Tis all in vain, your putrid
dialog: looks/ You never can incline/ With
dialog: all your girdles, rouge, and
dialog: curls/ To find a Valentine.’
text: It’s signed with a heart and shaky cursive handwriting --
dialog: "Jeremy Melton."
text: Horrified, Dorothy drops the card. The DOORBELL CHIMES.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: The Maid makes no move to answer.
text: BACK TO DOROTHY
text: The DOORBELL CHIMES again. Dorothy composes herself,
text: puts the chain on the door, and opens.
dialog: Through the crack --
text: She sees CAMPBELL HARRIS, 26, so handsome, so built you
text: don’t know which part of him to look at first. A duffel
text: is over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NL CAMPBELL
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Campbell. Was that you?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: What?
text: Dorothy shuts the door, unlocks the chain, and opens it.
text: Campbell enters. As he takes in the magnificent foyer --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
text: Someone was behind me. On the
dialog: steps.
text: Dorothy kicks the valentine under a nearby credenza.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
text: Didn’t see anyone. The cab just
dialog: dropped me off. Look, I hate to
dialog: do this... Bobby left town without
dialog: paying his share of the rent. I
dialog: got home today, and all my stuff
text: was on the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Oh, no.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: My CD collection, my skis, my
text: clothes. Gone. Some neighbors,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Millicent. Come here, please.
dialog: (then, angrier)
dialog: Millicent!
text: Finally, the Maid teeters into the foyer.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
text: Make up a guest room.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Did your father say --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I said.
text: The Maid waves her off and disappears down the hall.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: This is too much trouble. I just
dialog: wanted to use your phone.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Kitchen’s to your left. There’s
dialog: meatloaf in the fridge. I’1l be
dialog: right back to get you settled in.
text: He puts his arms around her, and Dorothy melts. She
text: pulls away and heads up the staircase.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Dorothy reaches the top of the staircase, hangs a left,
text: and slams into Lauren.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (rubbing her arm)
dialog: That’11l bruise. Who’s your
dialog: friend?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: His name’s Campbell. Let Daddy
dialog: know he’1l be staying with us for
dialog: a few days.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Is he the reason you’ve been
dialog: spending so much time on the
dialog: treadmill?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You're not my girlfriend. You’re
dialog: not my mother. We don’t have
dialog: these conversations.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Well, he sure is cute.
text: Lauren checks out her own perfect ass in a hall mirror.
text: Fuming, Dorothy goes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER’S APARTMENT - BATHROOM - MORNING
dialog: This is a San Francisco bathroom, so cramped would be an
text: understatement. Covered from head to toe in suds,
text: Jennifer’s in the shower.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A RADIO sits on the back of the toilet. Over the
text: airwaves, a cheery group chorus sings their call
dialog: letters --
speaker_heading: RADIO CHORUS (V.0.)
dialog: ‘K-N-U-R...”
text: Jennifer sings along.
scene_heading: RADIO CHORUS/JENNIFER
dialog: ‘San Francisco in the morning.’
text: CHET BAKER‘S "My Funny Valentine" comes through the
text: speaker. Jennifer shivers.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Ew.
text: The water is still flowing. Jennifer sticks a naked arm
text: through the shower curtain.
text: The radio is just out of reach. Jennifer strains. Her
text: fingertips brush the volume control, but she can’t get a
text: grip. Jennifer lunges, knocking the radio over. And
dialog: then, something out of your mother’s arsenal of water
dialog: safety horror stories happens --
text: The RADIO, STILL ON, bounces off the closed toilet seat
text: and between the wall and shower curtain.
text: Jennifer thinks fast, shoots out a hand, catches the
text: handle. It slips in her sudsy fingers, drops, and falls
text: into the water with her. Jennifer closes her eyes and
text: waits for the first jolt.
text: Nothing. The RADIO has fallen SILENT.
text: Jennifer slams off the water, then peeks out behind the
text: curtain to the electric socket. The force of the fall
text: has unplugged the cord.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (to heavens)
dialog: Thank you.
text: There’s a THUD from the living room.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Hello?
dialog: Silence.
text: Jennifer extricates herself and the radio from the shower
text: and grabs a towel.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: FROM HALL
text: Jennifer peeks into the living room. All is well. She
text: feels her head -- realizes that it’s still covered in
dialog: shampoo.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY
text: Back in the shower, Jennifer turns on the water. There's
text: a painful GROAN from the PIPES and nothing but a slight
dialog: dribble.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: No. No!
text: She turns the knobs, bangs the shower head, all to no
text: avail. Hair still plastered under a mound of shampoo,
text: Jennifer wraps a towel around her. She tries the sink.
dialog: No water.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN AREA - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jennifer tries the kitchen faucet. No go. She grabs the
text: phone and dials out.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Murray, it’s Jennifer Keats in
dialog: 401. Shocker -- you’re not there.
dialog: Well, I don’t have any water, and
dialog: I have a job interview in a half
dialog: hour, and you’re ruining my life!
text: Jennifer slams down the receiver and cruises to the
text: fridge. She swings open the door. Yes! There’s a large
text: container of bottled water inside. Thrilled, she grabs
dialog: it.
text: It’s only got two sips-worth left. Useless. She tosses
text: it toward the trash can. Swish. Basket.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: The shampoo is turning to mush on her head. It dribbles
text: down her back and drips onto the floor. One last try
dialog: with the faucet. No luck.
text: Her eyes lock onto the toilet. It’s filled with clean
text: water. The idea repulses her, but desperate times call
dialog: for desperate measures.
text: She lifts the lid, closes her eyes, dunks her head into
text: the toilet water, and flushes. WHOOSH!
text: The PHONE RINGS.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Jennifer snatches up the phone.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Perfect timing, Murray --
text: But it’s not the building super. It’s the sound of
text: CHILDREN LAUGHING. Not playful giggles, but COLD,
text: DERISIVE LAUGHTER. Jennifer shivers -- the goose bumps
text: tickling her neck and arms. She turns to slam down the
dialog: phone when she sees --
text: The open front door.
text: Not cracked. Not ajar. Wide open, leaving her
dialog: absolutely vulnerable.
text: Jennifer spots a field hockey stick, propped in a corner.
text: She sweeps it up. Thank God she’s in a studio. One
text: glance checks the kitchen. It’s clear. She drops to her
dialog: knees. Under the bed is okay, but --
text: The closet looms ahead. The door is tightly shut. It
text: stares her down, almost threatening her to open it. Will
dialog: she bite?
text: Yes. Jennifer throws open the door. The stick crashes
text: into the closet, jabs wildly at empty hangers, skirts,
text: and overcoats. Jennifer jumps back and surveys her
text: handiwork. No one. Just a lot of battered clothes.
text: Shaken, pissed at the mess, she slams the closet door,
text: then hears from the outside hallway --
text: THUMP, THUMP.
text: The front door is still wide open. Jennifer peeks her
dialog: head out.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Jennifer looks down the hall at the elevator. The doors
text: open, shut, open, shut with a clatter.
text: Grasping the towel tightly around her, Jennifer creeps
text: closer and discovers something blocking the door’s path.
text: Curious, she bends to retrieve it.
dialog: It’s a plastic cherub mask. We’ve seen this before -- at
text: the middle school dance. Jennifer stares into the vacant
text: eyeholes and shivers.
text: There’s a TUMBLING of LOCKS. An elderly neighbor steps
text: into the hallway, smack in front of the towel-clad
dialog: Jennifer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Uh... Hi, Mrs. Carlson.
text: Mrs. Carlson clicks her tongue. Jennifer races back to
dialog: her apartment.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH-RISE OFFICE - DAY
text: Looking very professional, Jennifer sits across from
text: HADLEY DAVIS, 50s, a proper secretary. Hadley glances at
dialog: her resume. If we thought Jennifer was scared before,
text: it’s nothing compared to this. She does her best to stay
text: calm, cool, and collected.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I’m playing with a Jamaican/Asian
dialog: fusion thing right now.
speaker_heading: HADLEY
dialog: Fusion.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: Jerk chicken spring rolls, spicy
text: seafood rice, plantain ice cream.
speaker_heading: HADLEY
dialog: Yes, I gathered as much.
text: Horrible interview silence. Jennifer shuffles her feet.
speaker_heading: HADLEY
dialog: My employer is demanding. His
dialog: daughter is a nightmare. Kathy’s
dialog: been through five caterers
dialog: already.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: She’ll love me.
dialog: {off Hadley’s
dialog: silence)
dialog: I can tell you do.
text: It gets a mild smile.
speaker_heading: HADLEY
dialog: (rolling right on)
dialog: And where were you thinking?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HADLEY
dialog: Venue. The Hudsons have one of
dialog: the most beautiful homes in the
dialog: city. Mr. Hudson would never let
text: Kathy’s friends set foot there.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: All the decent hotels and clubs
dialog: are already booked.
speaker_heading: HADLEY
dialog: Yes. Well, thank you for stopping
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I didn’t mean --
text: Hadley hands the resume back.
speaker_heading: HADLEY
dialog: I need rabbits pulled out of hats.
dialog: You don’t seem capable of that.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Okay, then. Thanks for your time.
text: Humiliated, Jennifer beelines for the exit.
speaker_heading: HADLEY
dialog: Don’t worry, dear. It‘1ll come
dialog: with age and experience.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (turning)
dialog: I can get you the biggest mansion
dialog: in Pacific Heights.
text: Jennifer regrets the words as soon as they are out of
text: her mouth, but Hadley’s interest is piqued.
speaker_heading: HADLEY
dialog: Whose?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (gulp)
dialog: Do you want the rabbit or not?
text: Hadley offers a hand, and they shake.
scene_heading: INT. PAIGE AND LILY’S APARTMENT - KITCHEN - MORNING
text: A two-bedroom with an almost-view.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Paige slams through the cupboards, but her eyes are
text: trained on the living room TELEVISION. On it, a plain-
text: looking guy talks to her from the screen.
speaker_heading: GUY (V.0O.)
dialog: Hey, Paige. Thanks for requesting
dialog: my tape. As you know, my name is
dialog: Lance, and here’s why I’m perfect
dialog: for you. I’m outgoing, a lot of
dialog: fun, six foot. Actually, six
dialog: foot-ish.
text: Paige grabs the remote and shuts OFF the TV.
text: Lily enters with the morning paper and a heart-shaped box
text: of chocolate under her arm.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: (off TV)
dialog: What? He was cute.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: ‘Six foot-ish’ means five-four in
dialog: loafers. We’re outta Starbucks.
dialog: I had to use the Folgers crap your
dialog: mom bought.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: This was propped in front of our
text: door. No name on the card.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I’m sure it’s from Max.
text: Paige leans over Lily’s shoulder to read the card. Two
text: bluebirds snuggle in a nest. Under the picture, a verse
dialog: reads, "Blush not, my fair, at what I send./’Tis a fond
dialog: present from a friend."
text: The picture is cut to form a fold-out door. Lily opens
text: it, revealing a woman giving a man a blow job. It’s
text: signed with a heart and "J.M."
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: J.M.? I don’t know a Jd.M. It’s
dialog: gotta be for you. You’re the ho.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Ha ha. Up yours.
text: Lily opens the box and swipes up a piece of chocolate.
text: Tauntingly, she pops it into her mouth. Chews. Then --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: What the --
text: She spits the candy into her hand. Pulls it apart to
text: find the remains of a white worm, still wiggling in the
text: caramel goo.
text: Lily gags, then drops the candy box. Only then do she
text: and Paige see the army of maggots, feasting and writhing
text: on the assortment of dark chocolates.
text: The girls scream. Paige grabs the box, opens the window,
text: and tosses it into the alley below.
text: Lily’s already at the fridge. She’s guzzling orange
dialog: juice.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I know some J.M.’s. John McCrite.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Gross.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Jeff Mallick.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: He needs Altoids.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Jeremy Melton.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: You know. Pigeon Shit from sixth
dialog: grade.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Those dating tapes have turned
dialog: your brain to mush.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (sing-song)
dialog: Pigeon Shit’s got a crush on ‘you.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (sing-song)
dialog: Pigeon Shit wants to dance with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Paige!
text: Paige dances out of the kitchen.
text: Still grossed out, Lily takes another swig of juice. She
text: whirls around and checks behind her. The kitchen is
text: empty except for the lone maggot, squirming on the floor.
text: Lily crushes it under her foot and goes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ART GALLERY - NIGHT
text: A naked woman stares AT us.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O0.)
dialog: Love me. Love me. Love me.
text: A caterer, carrying a tray of red wine, crosses in front
text: of the woman. Her image replays on a VIDEO MONITOR.
text: The gallery is a dark, cavernous, industrial space. Ona
text: wall banner, in fire-engine letters: "MAX IVES. BLIND
dialog: DATE."
text: Twenty scattered video monitors display other naked
text: women. Each one repeats the same phrase: "Love me."
text: Opposite them, twenty screens project naked men. Their
text: words match those of their female counterparts.
text: Partygoers, invites in hand, push in through the front
text: entrance. Buyers and patrons opt for upscale black.
text: Avant-garde boho freaks and students, obviously friends
text: of the artist, have a decidedly non-conformist look.
text: Sipping champagne, Jennifer and Paige stare at one of the
text: monitors. Jennifer is stunned. Even Paige is
text: speechless. A sedately frantic Lily joins. On her arm
text: is MAX IVES, 28, brooding with Rasputin-like eyes and
dialog: magnetism.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Jennifer, Paige, this is Max --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: Ives. Right. It’s on the banner.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Max smiles at Jennifer. He likes what he sees.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: A pleasure.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: {to her friends)
dialog: Are you enjoying it?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER/ PAIGE
dialog: Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Great.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They hate it. It’s okay. That’s
dialog: how I keep getting the grants.
text: A GALLERY EMPLOYEE interrupts the pow-wow.
scene_heading: GALLERY EMPLOYEE
dialog: (to Max)
dialog: The sixteen millimeter in the
text: tunnel keeps snapping.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I'll help.
text: As they go, Lily turns surreptitiously back to her
text: friends. She quickly mouths, "What do you think?"
text: Jennifer gives a thumbs-up. Paige sucks her index
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY (0.S.)
dialog: Hi, guys.
text: Paige and Jennifer turn to find Dorothy. At her side is
text: Campbell, looking drop-dead gorgeous. Paige can’t hide
text: her surprise. Jennifer covers well.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dorothy. You look amazing.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Thanks. Jennifer, this is
dialog: Campbell.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 4l.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: And this is Paige. We all had
text: head-gear and braces together.
dialog: Where’s Lily?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: Handling some crisis.
text: Campbell helps Dorothy out of her wrap.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (to Dorothy)
dialog: Do you want a drink, honey?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Gin and tonic.
text: She kisses him on the cheek, and he goes.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Okay. Dish.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: It’s no big deal.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: His shoulders alone are a big
dialog: deal. Spill it.
text: But Dorothy is looking over Jennifer’s shoulder at an
text: ancient socialite, who waves furiously.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Shit. Mrs. Johanssen from my
dialog: father’s board. I have to say hi.
dialog: You’1l get details. TI promise.
text: Dorothy heads off.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: And we’re the two who came stag.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: She tells me everything.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: By this time of the week, my
text: answering machine is usually full.
dialog: You know what I’m realizing? A
dialog: slut is good to have around at
dialog: Christmas, New Year’s and Flag
dialog: Day. But a Valentine is someone
dialog: you really love. Not some girl
dialog: you cheat on your wife with.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 42,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I’m not feeling so hot, either. I
dialog: almost called Adam twice tonight.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: ‘Know what? Forget him. Fix your
dialog: lipstick and get back out here.
dialog: We're gonna tear this little
text: wing-ding up.
text: Jennifer eyes the line at the women’s room. Instead, she
text: heads through a swinging door and into --
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: The deserted back room serves as a makeshift kitchen. A
text: few tables are lined with electric burners and other
text: catering paraphernalia. Grabbing the lid off of a pot,
text: Jennifer uses it as a mirror to apply lipstick.
text: A white form flashes past. The pot lid catches the
dialog: reflection.
text: Jennifer whirls in time to see a white-jacketed figure,
text: moving purposefully for the far door.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Hey, your veggie station could use
text: some more asparagus.
text: Instead, he grabs a knife from a cutting board and slips
text: out. Jennifer starts after him when the other kitchen
text: door opens, and Dorothy enters.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: It’s starting.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Okay.
text: Silence between the two friends.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I care what you think. And it’s
dialog: all so new --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Where did you meet?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: That Italian place on Geary. Jen,
dialog: I really like him. He’s sweet,
dialog: smart. He’s starting his own
dialog: internet venture.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You don’t ever need to hide things
dialog: from me. We're friends. I only
dialog: want the best for you.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: And most guys want the best from
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Not true.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Well, I just need to take the time
dialog: to make sure.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I say go for it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: C’mon, we’re missing some really
dialog: bad art.
text: Laughing, they start for the door.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dorothy, wait. I did something
dialog: really dumb, and if you hate me
dialog: forever, I totally understand.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: It’s the Kathy Hudson party. They
dialog: needed a place. I stupidly
dialog: mentioned yours.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I never should have done it, but
dialog: you said your folks were going out
dialog: of town --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Please. On Wednesday, right?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I won’t let anything happen. And
dialog: if it does, I take full
dialog: responsibility for every broken
text: ashtray and scratched coffee
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I say trash the joint. It’s all
dialog: gonna end up belonging to Lauren
dialog: anyway.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Kathy Hudson in my house. Wow.
text: The two friends head out.
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY - LATER
text: The television monitors have been muted. The lights are
text: down. Max stands in the middle of the assembled crowd.
text: Jennifer and Dorothy join Paige, Lily and Campbell.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: On February fifteenth, early
dialog: Romans put the names of their
text: young women in an urn.
text: Jennifer glances up. Max’s eyes are on her.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: One by one, single men took turns
dialog: drawing names. The girls they
dialog: chose were to be their mates.
text: Campbell takes a gulp of wine and sneaks a look at a
text: nearby blonde bombshell’s tits.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Over the centuries, this event
dialog: turned into what we now call
dialog: Valentine’s Day, proving that not
dialog: much has changed over the
dialog: centuries.
text: Jennifer turns to her friends.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (low)
dialog: Remember that middle school
dialog: Valentine’s dance where that kid
dialog: got ganged up on?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Dorothy’s fingers tighten around her drink. Lily and
text: Paige’s eyes widen.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Jeremy Melton.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: We were talking about him today.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: One of those masks they gave away
dialog: as party favors was in my hallway
dialog: this morning. Isn’t that bizarre?
text: From the front of the room, Max clears his throat. The
text: women cease their conversation.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Ultimately, fate controls love,
dialog: and we all end up with complete
dialog: strangers. To that end -- women,
text: one staircase. Men, the other.
text: Applause as the groups start for the stairs. Lily stops
dialog: Dorothy and Campbell.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Uh uh uh.
dialog: (unclasping their
dialog: hands)
dialog: Couples can’t go in together.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT GALLERY - MAZE - NIGHT
text: Blackness, punctuated by erratic red strobe lights from
text: above. 70s PORNO MUSIC BLARES over hidden loudspeakers.
text: Jennifer claws at the emptiness and stumbles forward.
text: Moving down a dark, maze-like tunnel, she eases into a
text: turn. A man stares at her.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What do you like to do?
text: It’s only a projected film image. It loops and repeats.
text: Jennifer continues on. At every turn, another projected
text: image jumps to life, blocks her path, forces her to turn
text: one way then another. Onscreen, men tell us about
dialog: themselves. Their wants. Their fantasies. Their
text: dislikes. A collage of overlapping voices assaults
text: Jennifer from all sides. She forges on.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER PART OF MAZE ~- CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Lily and Max kiss in a dark corner of the maze. They’re
text: surrounded by images of awkwardly silent couples in a
text: restaurant. We hear nothing but STAMMERING, COUGHING,
text: CLEARING OF THROATS, and the occasional, "Should we do
dialog: this again?"
text: Lily and Max’s passion builds as his hands slide under
text: her skirt. Lily moans. Her legs wrap around him, and
text: they begin to move together, rising, falling, kissing,
text: devouring each other. Lily runs her tongue down Max’s
text: neck. Her eyes catch sight of --
text: The Gallery Employee, standing in the darkness.
text: Lily clenches up, lets out a startled yelp.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Oh, my God.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: {to Gallery Employee)
dialog: Hi, Kimberly.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Go away!
scene_heading: GALLERY EMPLOYEE
dialog: I... I’m sorry.
text: Embarrassed, the Gallery Employee flees. Lily adjusts
dialog: her skirt.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: This is so humiliating.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Relax.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: She’s gonna tell everyone.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No, she won’t. I asked her to
dialog: come.
text: He tries to heat things up again. Lily pushes him away.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: You are a pig.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: C'mon, it could’ve been fun.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Good-bye, Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Lily, Valentine’s Day is in two
dialog: days. I’ll make it up to you.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I have a business trip. Good
dialog: night.
text: With that, she’s out the door -- leaving Max pissed,
text: alone, and surrounded by his creation.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER PART OF MAZE - SAME TIME
text: Dorothy’s transfixed by footage of a little girl, pulling
text: petals from a daisy. Jennifer joins her.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Still haven’t found Campbell?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: No. Seems like everyone is
dialog: clearing out.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Someone said there are major
dialog: makeout rooms further down. I’m
dialog: curious.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Enjoy. I’1l meet you at the coat
dialog: check.
text: Dorothy retreats. Jennifer keeps moving.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER PART OF MAZE - NIGHT
text: Lily wanders down the corridor. A stuttering strobe
text: light flashes erratically. Red. Red. Black. On the
text: walls surrounding her, projected portraits of cupids
text: drift lazily to and fro. The images are haunting, but
text: beautiful. She stops to admire them.
text: The strobe flashes, and she comes face to face with the
text: cherub. It’s impossible to tell whether he’s part of the
text: menagerie of on-screen cupids.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Curious, Lily looks closer.
text: The kitchen knife flashes and slices her throat. The
text: cherub steps away from the screen -- pops into vivid 3-D.
text: Lily tries to scream, but only a choked gurgle comes out.
text: Blood dribbles from the cherub’s nostril. Lily staggers
text: backward and runs.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER PART OF MAZE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Lily tears through the empty passageways. Stealing
text: glances over her shoulder, she takes a turn into a dead
text: end. Backtracking, she slams into the cherub, recognizes
text: the tattered jacket, the powder blue shirt, sees the
text: knife in his hand.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: {a whisper)
dialog: Jeremy, I’m sorry --
text: Her hand goes up. The knife rips through it. Lily limps
dialog: left and into --
scene_heading: INT. MATCH ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Ropes and long panels of red fabric hang from an
text: intricate system of pulleys. They undulate in sensual
dialog: waves.
text: Projected on a far well is super-8 film of couples
text: kissing and moaning. The footage is blown up so large
text: that it looks like pointillism.
text: Lily stumbles straight into a fabric panel, jumps back.
text: She puts a crimson-soaked hand over her mouth and burrows
text: deeper into the wall to dodge the light from the film
dialog: screen.
text: The loss of blood is finally affecting her. She swoons,
text: then regains her concentration. Weaves among the flowing
text: panels. The door is only fifteen feet away.
text: Lily takes another step, but something catches her foot.
text: She looks down, barely has time to register the rope that
text: tightens around her ankle. With a whizz, she’s jerked
text: upside-down and six feet into the air.
text: The cherub mask flashes into her eyeline.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Please --
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Her plea is cut short by another stab to the throat. The
text: force of the blow sends Lily swinging across the room.
text: Upside down, she reaches the end of her arc and flies
text: back in the direction of the cherub. Feet kicking, arms
text: flailing, she catches a fabric panel and halts her
dialog: trajectory.
text: The cherub calmly reaches behind another fabric panel and
text: removes a bow and arrow.
text: Lily grips the fabric panel for dear life, but her slick
text: hands and dwindling strength cause her to lose hold. She
text: flies back in the cherub’s direction.
text: He’s ready and aimed at his moving target. As she swings
text: by -- THWACK. The ARROW nails its intended mark. Lily’s
text: heart. A maroon pool blossoms across her chest. She
text: gasps.
text: THWACK. THWACK. Two more ARROWS find a home inside
dialog: Lily.
text: Bewildered eyes stare at the film footage of the couples
text: kissing. Blood runs down her neck and covers her face.
dialog: Before the stream can hit the ground --
text: Gloved hands grab a nearby fabric panel and tug it down.
text: Within seconds, the body is wrapped up. Lily’s contorted
text: face is the only thing left exposed.
text: The cherub grabs a nearby rope and bears down on it with
text: his full weight. Lily’s body flies thirty feet up to the
text: ceiling. The sea of pulleys, ropes, and fabric block it
dialog: from sight.
text: The match room door opens.
text: The cherub steps back into the shadows as Jennifer
text: enters.
speaker_heading: UP IN RAFTERS
text: Lily sees her friend. She gurgles. Tries to make noise.
text: Two drops of blood drip onto the floor -- five feet from
dialog: Jennifer.
text: Jennifer is unaware, gazing at the super-8 footage.
text: Suddenly, she senses a presence. She turns, but the
text: panels of fabric drift and block her view. She sees the
text: corner of a black sleeve disappearing, starts around
dialog: panel when suddenly --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Max is right in front of her.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Guess you’re my new partner.
text: He moves in, wraps an arm around her. Jennifer squirms
text: out from under it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What about Lily?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: She dumped me. Said something
dialog: about a business trip. You chicks
dialog: can be cold-hearted.
speaker_heading: UP IN RAFTERS
text: Lily continues to fight against the confines of her
text: bloody restraints.
text: Max leans in to kiss Jennifer.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: Some people are waiting upstairs.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It’s my exhibit. Humor me.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I’m flattered, but --
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I told you Lily and I are through.
text: He tries again.
speaker_heading: UP IN RAFTERS
text: Lily is in a death rattle. She’s too far away to be
dialog: heard.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Here’s womanhood rule number one.
dialog: You don’t move in on a
dialog: girlfriend’s guy. It’s tacky,
dialog: it’s wrong, and it’s the best
dialog: defense we have against jerks like
dialog: you.
text: Jennifer storms out. Incensed, Max watches her go.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 5i.
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY - COAT CHECK - NIGHT
text: Dorothy and Campbell retrieve their coats. Jennifer
text: cruises up to them.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Paige went home with some
dialog: sculptor.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Let’s go then.
text: As they head for the exit, a WOMAN taps Campbell’s
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Hey, leech.
text: Everyone turns to face RUTHIE EVANS, collagen-enhanced.
text: She’s in her early thirties and pissed about it.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE (WOMAN)
dialog: I want my money back.
text: Campbell tries to think on his feet.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: (off girls)
dialog: Which one of you is his new
dialog: victim?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: No one --
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
text: The idiot who’s still waiting for
text: a return on her internet
dialog: investment. What was it?
dialog: Golddigger-dot-com?
text: Campbell tries for the door, Ruthie steps in his path.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Ruthie. Not now.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: My lawyers say there's nothing I
dialog: can do, so I’ve decided to
dialog: personally make your life hell.
text: With that, she’s gone.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: INT. ITALIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Hanging Chianti bottles. Candlelight. Very romantic.
text: At the hostess stand, a HOSTESS barks into the phone.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: I’ve got nothing. Well, I can
dialog: squeeze you in at 10:30, but I’m
dialog: warning you now, the table’s next
dialog: to the kitchen... Yeah? You, too,
dialog: pal. And think ahead next time.
dialog: This isn’t Easter. The date never
dialog: changes.
text: FIND Adam and Jennifer, still wearing her clothes from
text: the gallery. They share a window table. Adam plays with
text: melted wax from the candle.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: We were down there in that
text: dungeon. Music blaring. Porn
text: playing out on the wall. He
dialog: thought it was a turn-on.
text: Adam reaches across the table. His fingers dance across
text: Jennifer’s hand, trace the outline of her thumbnail.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: It was so skeezy. If my apartment
dialog: had running water, I’d be in the
dialog: shower right now.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What are we doing?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: This was supposed to be a ~
dialog: celebration.
text: Finally, she notices his hand on hers. Jennifer steadies
text: her already trembling knees.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: You look incredible tonight.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Thanks. I’m sorry.
dialog: Congratulations again.
text: She leans over and kisses him on the cheek.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What would you say to a walk along
dialog: the wharf? Maybe an Irish coffee
dialog: at the Buena Vista?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: It’s freezing.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: You can borrow my jacket.
text: She deliberates, knowing what the answer should be.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (knowing it’s lame
dialog: trying to sell it
dialog: anyway)
dialog: Or there’s a variety pack of
dialog: herbal tea at my place.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Adam, I don’t think --
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I could draw a bath. Give you a
dialog: foot rub.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Not tonight.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: You love my foot rubs.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (gently but firmly)
dialog: No.
text: He pulls his hand away as the waiter returns with the
text: check. Adam busies himself with the tip math.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I don’t want to get hurt.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: You spent the whole night talking
dialog: about how men are pigs. The
dialog: nutjob artist. Dorothy’s leech
dialog: boyfriend.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: That's different.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: You're right. The difference is
dialog: I’m in love with you. And you
dialog: absolutely refuse to see it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Every part of me wants to go home
dialog: with you tonight, okay? Is that
dialog: the answer you were looking for?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Then stop fighting it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: We agreed to go slow. To start
dialog: over as friends. This is what
text: friends do. They go to dinner.
text: They talk.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I want to be your boyfriend. Not
dialog: your pal.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You are so selfish.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: How can you say that, when all I
dialog: can think about is you?
text: Adam signs, pockets his credit card and gets up.
dialog: He stops,
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: So, this is it, then? We’re over?
dialog: Right here, in the Italian
dialog: restaurant where they still can’t
dialog: make a decent calzone?
dialog: turns.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: They are god-awful.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: But we just keep ordering them.
text: Adam smiles. She got him.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I’1l1 call you.
text: And with that, he’s gone.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: EXT. JENNIFER’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: A cab drops Jennifer at the lobby door. An assortment of
text: cheery valentine’s decorations have been taped above the
text: call box. Jennifer checks the sidewalk. No one’s in
text: sight. In a flash, she rips down a smiling cupid and a
text: cardboard bouquet of roses. Reaching for a pink heart
text: that reads "Happy Valentine’s Day," she notices the ink
text: scrawls at the top of the decoration: "I’m Coming."
text: Jennifer looks up and down the street. It’s a normal,
text: non-threatening night. She punches in her access code
text: and steps inside.
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER’S APARTMENT BUILDING - LOBBY -
speaker_heading: CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Jennifer enters as the Building Super exits a supply
text: closet with a garland of red cupids. He stops in his
text: tracks when he notices the decorations in her hands.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Wind got them.
text: She hands them over and punches the elevator call button.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHELLEY’S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: A humble one-bedroom. Only assorted boxes are left.
text: Jennifer and Dorothy are on the couch. Mrs. Fisher hands
text: a shoe box to Paige. She opens it to find dozens of
text: intricately-folded missives.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: God. She kept all the notes we
dialog: passed?
scene_heading: MRS. FISHER
dialog: I also found this.
text: Mrs. Fisher gives Jennifer a photo. In it, a bunch of
text: twelve-year-olds are dressed in birthday party gear.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I remember that party. A goat
dialog: attacked me in the petting zoo.
scene_heading: MRS. FISHER
dialog: She insisted we invite the whole
dialog: class.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Mrs. Fisher’s face crumbles. Jennifer notices a stack of
text: floral arrangement cards on the table. Mrs. Fisher
text: follows her gaze.
scene_heading: MRS. FISHER
dialog: So many friends sent their
dialog: regards.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: May I?
scene_heading: MRS. FISHER
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I’m running late. You girls can
dialog: see yourselves out. I may call
dialog: you sometimes. To jog my memory.
dialog: I’ve already started forgetting
dialog: little details.
text: She leaves. Jennifer flips through the cards. Paige
text: looks up from her reading.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Wow. We had filthy little mouths
dialog: back then. Jen, here’s one from
dialog: you. You want it?
text: But Jennifer’s eyes are stuck on one of the cards and the
dialog: message: "With love and fond memories, Jeremy Melton."
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Jen?
text: It pulls her back out. She holds up the "Jeremy Melton"
text: card. Dorothy grabs it from Jennifer.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: He killed her.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Dorothy! It’s a card.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: He’s out there.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: Of course he is. Somewhere. But
dialog: that doesn’t mean --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You just happened to find that
dialog: cherub mask lying in your hallway?
text: Jennifer considers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Dorothy’s
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I got a valentine. He signed it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Why didn’t you tell us?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I was hoping it was a sick joke.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: That cop said if we thought of
dialog: anything...
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I’'d like to hear that 9-1-1
dialog: call -- ‘Officers, some guy we
dialog: teased in middle school might be
dialog: coming after us."
text: fingers are white. Her chest heaves.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
text: I’m next. He’s coming after me.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Why would you say that?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I called him names --
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Everybody did. Relax.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: That night, when the whole school
dialog: went after him... I started it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dorothy. Why?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Can you imagine your mother force-
dialog: feeding you nothing but celery?
dialog: Measuring your waist every night
dialog: and putting the results on the
dialog: fridge? That’s what the Wheelers
dialog: did three weeks before that stupid
dialog: dance. All that work, and for
dialog: what? The only person who noticed
dialog: me that night was Jeremy. I
dialog: couldn’t stomach pity from him, so
dialog: I lied. Said he was harassing me.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DOROTHY (CONT’D)
dialog: It got the mob going in no time.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Let’s face it. The only person
dialog: more hated than me was: Pigeon
dialog: Shit.
text: Jennifer and Paige are in shock.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Who knows about this?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Just him. I have to get out of
dialog: here. Leave town.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dorothy, that’s a little extreme.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: He wants revenge. I would.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You don’t know that.
text: Dorothy picks up the card.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Prove me wrong.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DAY
text: Jennifer’s Civic creeps along the grey wasteland of row
text: houses and dilapidated cars.
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER’S CIVIC - DAY
text: Jennifer and Paige eye the passing house numbers.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Should be up here on the left. We
dialog: t.p.’d it every Friday night for a
dialog: month. Dorothy should be here.
dialog: She’s the reason we’re doing this.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Paige.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Fine. What do we do if he answers
dialog: the door?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: We start with an apology.
text: The car pulls up in front of a Monopoly-style house. The
text: chain link fence is faltering. The windows are gone.
text: The structure is a burned-out shell.
text: Jennifer and Paige stare in shock at the ruins.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SAN FRANCISCO PUBLIC LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: A nearly silent research room. Patrons are lost in their
dialog: own worlds of words and facts.
text: Jennifer stares into the grey glow of a microfiche
text: machine. Shelley’s twelfth birthday party photo is
text: propped up against the monitor. Paige is at a nearby
text: table, up to her armpits in phone books and public
dialog: records.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: As far as I can tell, Jeremy
dialog: Melton doesn’t live in California.
dialog: Please keep in mind, I’m going
text: cross-eyed from all the small
dialog: print. Did you find anything?
text: Before Jennifer can answer, Adam approaches with some
text: research of his own. He reads to them from a photocopy.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: ’February fifteenth, nineteen
text: ninety-nine. A husband and wife
dialog: were killed when their home was
text: engulfed in flames late last
dialog: night.’
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Valentine’s Day.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Adam sees
dialog: machine.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: {still reading)
dialog: ‘Marty and Deidre Melton were
text: overwhelmed by fumes and smoke and
dialog: may have died in their sleep,
dialog: though witnesses claim to have
dialog: heard cries for help prior to the
text: arrival of firefighters.’
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Any mention of Jeremy?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: None.
text: the photo next to Jennifer’s microfiche
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: A picture from my sixth-grade
dialog: class. I’m just trying to figure
text: out where everyone landed. At
dialog: least the names I remember.
text: Jennifer points to his face in the photograph. It’s one
text: of the jocks from the middle school Valentine’s Day
dialog: dance.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Donnie Bogus. What a little turd.
dialog: He used to pick on Jeremy all the
dialog: time.
dialog: (pointing to screen)
dialog: Last Valentine’s Day in Santa
text: Cruz, he was bludgeoned to death
text: in his own garage. They found
dialog: pieces of brain matter up to
text: twenty feet away. The killer was
dialog: never found.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Talk about revenge of the nerd.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: This proves nothing.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: Paige, his parents were killed.
dialog: Then there’s Donnie, Shelley --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Chances are several people from
dialog: our sixth grade class have bitten
dialog: the big one. Is Jeremy Melton
dialog: behind all their deaths? I doubt
dialog: it. That kid couldn’t even visit
dialog: the water fountain without
text: humiliating himself.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I remember he came up to me on the
dialog: bleachers and asked me to dance.
dialog: Instead, I stood by as a bunch of
text: screaming kids ripped his clothes
text: off and paraded him around a
dialog: school gym.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: We were kids! Kids are mean!
dialog: Kids are rotten! If he can’t buck
dialog: up and grow a spine like the rest
dialog: of us, he’s a bigger loser now
dialog: than he ever was.
text: Patrons toss them disapproving looks and hiss, "Shhh!"
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Speaking of losers.
dialog: (heading for door)
dialog: Look, Pigeon Shit wasn’t worth my
dialog: time then, and he’s certainly not
dialog: worth it now. I’m not hitching a
dialog: ride on Dorothy’s guilt trip. I
dialog: have no reason to be paranoid.
dialog: Nice meeting you, Adam.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: You, too.
dialog: (off books)
dialog: It’s been really... educational.
text: They watch her angry retreat.
dialog: Adam puts
dialog: Script provided for
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: How do you think she really feels
dialog: about it?
text: his arm around her. It’s habit.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: She has a point.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Thanks for coming with me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http:/www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Absolutely.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: They changed the cup holders at
dialog: our movie theater.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Oh, yeah?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Get anything smaller than a large
text: soda, and it falls right through.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: That sucks.
text: A studying patron tosses them a dirty look. Jennifer
text: twirls a pen between her fingers. Adam reaches over and
text: touches her hand. Jennifer doesn’t pull away.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Tell me again why we can’t be
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You get out of control, Adam. It
dialog: scares me.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I’ve been going to A.A. for three
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: That’s great.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I feel like a fraud there. Those
dialog: people really have huge things to
dialog: sort through. I was never that
dialog: messed up, was I?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You're always going to find
dialog: someone more messed up than you
dialog: are. It’s one of the advantages
dialog: of living in this city.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: So, you do think I have a problem.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Are you looking for my permission
dialog: to drop out of the program?
dialog: That’s not my decision to make.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: i’m saying I’m trying to figure
dialog: this out. And I may be doing it
dialog: for the rest of my life. So if
dialog: you’re waiting for me to turn into
dialog: something I can never be, I want
dialog: to know now.
text: Jennifer fiddles with the dial on the microfiche machine.
dialog: Finally --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Wanna come to my party tomorrow?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Like, as your date?
dialog: (off her nod)
dialog: I could move some stuff around.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Come on. I/’11 buy you a coffee.
text: They gather up their stuff.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET - NIGHT
text: The portrait of domestic bliss, Dorothy grabs a box of
text: condoms. Feeling optimistic, she snags a second.
scene_heading: INT. FROZEN FOODS SECTION
text: Dorothy selects a half gallon of ice cream. There’s a
text: crash as her cart is broadsided by another. Dorothy
text: looks up to Ruthie’s glare.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: You might want to try French
dialog: vanilla. He likes that.
text: Dorothy pulls a one-eighty and cruises for the front of
text: the store. Ruthie is on her heels.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: How’s the new boyfriend working
dialog: out? Has he asked for a check
dialog: yet?
text: Other shoppers slow to a crawl, hoping to witness a
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Ruthie races in front of Dorothy’s cart and jams her shoe
text: under the front wheel. Dorothy slams into the cart’s
dialog: handle.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Leave me alone.
text: More people are staring. Ruthie spots the condoms.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: Good idea. God knows what he
dialog: picked up last year when he was
dialog: fucking Mrs. Frazier.
text: Dorothy knocks the cart aside and shoves Ruthie into a
text: display of Valentine’s Day candy. Girl and goodies spill
dialog: everywhere.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Don’t come near us again.
text: Dorothy flees the scene. The customers quickly lose
text: interest and disperse. No one offers a helping hand to
text: Ruthie, who disentangles herself from the mess of spilled
dialog: chocolate.
scene_heading: EXT. JENNIFER’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Jennifer and Adam avoid treacherous puddles on the
text: sidewalk. They reach the front door, and the impulse is
dialog: to dally.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Want to come up?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: That’s okay.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Let me try that again. Please
dialog: come up?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Jen, everything’s gonna be okay.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I don’t want us to do something
dialog: that you’re just going to write
text: off as a weak moment tomorrow.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: We could sit on opposite ends of
text: the couch and watch Larry King.
dialog: It would totally kill the mood.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Look, yesterday someone I really
dialog: care about suggested we take this
dialog: slow. I’m gonna go before I come
dialog: to my senses.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Thanks for today.
text: Adam leans in and delivers the gentlest, sweetest kiss.
text: They savor the moment, and he goes. Jennifer longingly
text: watches him disappear into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER’S APARTMENT - BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Dressed in pajamas, Jennifer pulls back her hair and
text: slams the medicine cabinet shut. She stares at her
text: mirrored reflection. Dark circles ring her eyes.
text: From the open window, a sing-songy chant drifts in on the
dialog: breeze.
speaker_heading: KIDS (V.O.)
dialog: ‘Pigeon Shit. Pigeon Shit.
dialog: Careful you might step in it.’
text: Jennifer slams the window shut. Was it just in her head?
text: She uncaps a tube of toothpaste, grabs her toothbrush and
dialog: gets to work.
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER’S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Still brushing her teeth, Jennifer sorts through a stack
text: of mail. She arrives at a plain white envelope. Her
text: address is calligraphied across the front.
text: Jennifer opens the envelope to find --
text: A mimeographed flier that reads, "CUPID’S BALL, 19981!
text: IN THE KENNEDY MIDDLE SCHOOL GYM!!. BRING YOUR BOWS!!
dialog: BRING YOUR ARROWS!!"
text: Terrified, Jennifer turns the invitation over.
text: In red ink -- "Roses are red/ Violets are blue/ They’11
dialog: need dental records/ To identify you.’
text: Jennifer drops her toothbrush and scoops up the phone.
text: As she punches 911 --
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT
text: Jennifer and Paige hold court with Vaughn. They’re
text: crowded around a battered computer workstation. Vaughn
text: sifts through a file. The middle school dance flier is
text: in a plastic bag on the edge of her desk.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Melton was transferred from school
dialog: to school until his fondness for
text: violent outbursts landed him in
dialog: juvenile hall.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Where he became a law-abiding
dialog: citizen, right?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Juvie doesn’t exactly turn out Cub
dialog: Scouts, and no one could control
text: Melton. He got shipped off to a
dialog: state-run mental hospital. Spent
dialog: six years there.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Where is he now?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I’ve got nothing after that. He
dialog: never got a driver’s license.
dialog: Never had a credit card or bank
dialog: account. Basically, there’s no
text: paper trail on the guy.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What about his parents’ deaths?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Happened after his release, but
dialog: forensics declared it an
text: accidental fire.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (to Jennifer)
dialog: Told you.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Doesn’t mean he didn’t have
dialog: reasons to feel a little
dialog: aggression toward them. Daddy put
text: cigarettes out in his scalp.
dialog: There was evidence of sexual abuse
dialog: by the mother.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: We didn’t know.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: What you kids did to him was just
text: the tip of a very screwed-up
text: iceberg.
text: Vaughn places a photo on a scanner.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: The school district sent me a page
dialog: from the yearbook.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Good, then you can just round the
dialog: weirdo up.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: It’s not that easy.
text: She hits a button, and the image of a ten-year-old Jeremy
text: Melton fills the screen. Coke-bottle glasses. Greasy
text: bangs obscuring a pinched face. His smile betrays an
text: interior sadness. His eyes are dark and withdrawn.
text: Jennifer and Paige squirm under his gaze.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: This is the only photo we have of
dialog: him.
text: Vaughn hits a few buttons on the keyboard.
text: ON SCREEN, Jeremy morphs into an adult.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: In this shot he’s got long brown
dialog: hair, right?
dialog: (typing)
dialog: So how about a crew cut, dyed red?
dialog: Or blond. Or jet black. He’s got
dialog: brown eyes. How about blue
dialog: contacts. Or green?
text: The image on the computer screen changing, morphing
text: Jeremy into a series of totally different-looking men.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
text: Add a beard. A goatee.
dialog: Moustache.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: He was pigeon-toed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Could be taken care of with
dialog: surgery or physical therapy.
text: Jennifer watches as the faces continue to change at a
text: rapid-fire pace. Ominous. Leading her to the terrifying
dialog: revelation --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: He could be anyone.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I’m trying to track down a more
text: recent photo of him. One lead is
text: the juvie files in Sacramento.
dialog: Most of the kids have release
dialog: pictures. The moment they send
dialog: it, I’ll be in touch. Has anyone
dialog: spoken with Lily Voight?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: She’s in Chicago, on business.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Has she checked in at all?
text: Paige shakes her head. Then --
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I’1l try her mom. See if she
dialog: knows what hotel she’s in.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: And this guy she was dating. Max
dialog: Ives. You say it wasn’t a
dialog: pleasant parting?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: She dumped him.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: You, Miss Prescott? Boyfriends?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Single. You?
text: There’s a stare-down. Vaughn wins.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I don’t understand. What does
dialog: that have to do with anything?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: It’s possible someone may just be
dialog: trying to scare you, so I wanna
text: look closer to home. A jealous
text: co-worker, an unhappy ex...
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (to Jennifer)
dialog: Good thing you and Adam are back
text: on track. She might’ve patted him
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Who’s Adam?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Adam Cole. My ex-boyfriend.
dialog: We’re trying to get back together.
text: Vaughn hands Jennifer the notebook and pencil.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Last known address and phone
dialog: number .
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (writing it down)
dialog: He didn’t do this.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Everything helps. In the
dialog: meantime, you girls stick
dialog: together. Check in on each other
dialog: frequently. There’s safety in
dialog: numbers.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Maybe I should cancel the party.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: You know my opinion on that.
text: Vaughn questions them with a look.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: It’s work. A Valentine’s thing I
dialog: planned for tomorrow night. Two
text: hundred people are showing up at
dialog: our friend Dorothy’s.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: That should be okay.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Why isn’t she here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: We didn’t want to scare her.
text: She’s home with her boyfriend.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: And what’s his story?
text: Suddenly, it dawns on Jennifer.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: They just met.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOROTHY’S MANSION - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Campbell stretches out on the sofa and watches Notorious.
text: Dorothy scampers about, cramming last-minute items into a
dialog: duffel.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You’re gonna love Cabo. Nothing
dialog: to do but sip daiquiris and
dialog: lounge.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (eyes never leaving TV)
dialog: Uh-huh. Sounds great.
text: Dorothy stares at the beautiful man in front of her. She
text: drops what she’s doing and snuggles up to him.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: What would I do without you?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: That’s sweet, babe.
text: The DOORBELL RINGS. Dorothy moves closer, drapes a leg
text: over his.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Let the maid --
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I ordered Chinese.
text: He’s up and out. Dorothy grabs the remote and pauses the
dialog: movie.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Campbell throws open the door to find Detective Vaughn.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Mr. Harris? Let’s chat.
text: Alarmed, Campbell steps back as Vaughn pushes inside.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. FLORIST SHOP - DAY
dialog: It’s Valentine’s Day. This little neighborhood flower
text: shop looks like a D-day beach. Male customers shoving,
text: yelling, swearing at each other. The flowers are abused
text: and picked over.
text: Jennifer and Paige push their way to the front counter.
text: They each have a cell phone pressed to their ear.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Dorothy, it’s Jennifer. Pick up.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Jimmy. It’s your favorite party
dialog: girl. If you get this, call me.
text: Paige pushes a rude customer in the crowd.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Ow! Happy Valentine’s Day to you,
dialog: too, buddy.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (still on phone)
dialog: Pick up pick up pick up. You're
dialog: not picking up. Okay. I/’11 talk
dialog: to you later.
dialog: (to another customer)
dialog: That’s my foot you’re
text: obliterating.
text: Paige has dialed another number.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Roger? Hey! It’s Paige. There’s
dialog: a little fiesta tonight that’s
dialog: right up your alley... Engaged,
dialog: huh? I didn’t know. Congrats.
dialog: (hanging up)
dialog: Hope she doesn’t mind you suck in
dialog: the sack.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (to Paige)
dialog: Dorothy hasn’t called me back.
dialog: Millicent said she’s
dialog: ‘unavailable.’
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: You'll be over there in a couple
dialog: of hours. Talk to her then.
dialog: Ready for the real tragedy? I
dialog: ean’t find a date for tonight.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What happened to Brian, the
dialog: pierced dude from Speed Dating?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Phone tag, so he’s a maybe.
text: Jennifer waves down the harried owner and hands off a
dialog: claim ticket.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I called in an order on Monday.
text: He disappears into the back. Several men tail him.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (off their
dialog: desperation)
dialog: Pathetic.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: Embarrassingly so.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: A guy lavishes you with gifts all
dialog: in the hopes of getting a little
dialog: nookie. How’s today different
dialog: from any other day?
text: The owner returns and hands over several dozen roses.
text: Arms full, she and Paige fight their way for the front
dialog: door.
scene_heading: EXT. FLORIST SHOP - DAY
text: Jennifer and Paige load the flowers into a rental van.
text: It’s already bursting with party supplies.
text: An ill-prepared HUSBAND steps in their path.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: I’1l give you a hundred dollars
dialog: for one.
text: Jennifer shakes her head.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Cash.
text: She puts out her palm.
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Jennifer mashes the "4" button. She kneels down to tie
dialog: her shoe.
text: The doors open. An arm reaches into the elevator and
text: yanks Jennifer out.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Laughing, Adam pulls her into a kiss.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Happy Valentine’s Day.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Aww. You got me a coronary.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I had one myself when that
dialog: detective called this morning.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: She insisted. I told her --
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: It’s cool. My serial killing
text: spree is still a well-kept secret.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I know you’re crazed, but I just
dialog: wanted to stop by and give you
dialog: this.
text: Adam presents a miniature rose.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: And this.
text: Adam places a heart-shaped lollipop in her palm.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: And this.
text: He hands her a construction paper heart. It reads, "A.C.
dialog: + T.K."
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I made it myself.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Adam, thanks. Here... I got
dialog: you...
text: She fumbles in her pocket and produces a dry cleaner’s
dialog: receipt.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (playful)
dialog: You had my suit cleaned?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: No.
text: She pulls a pen and writes on the back of it, "I.0.U.
dialog: some T.L.C. this P.M."
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Can’t buy that at the mall.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Nope.
text: He kisses her.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I gotta get back to the office.
dialog: Just know I’m thinking about you.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: See you tonight.
text: He gets on the elevator and disappears.
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER’S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Starry-eyed and smiling, Jennifer enters to find --
text: Dorothy, looking none too pleased. She sits at the
text: kitchen table.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: What were you thinking, calling
dialog: the cops on Campbell?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Dorothy’s
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: They -- they called Adam, too.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Called him, or questioned him for
dialog: two hours? Now they’ve
dialog: ‘requested’ he doesn’t leave town
text: for a few days. It’s humiliating.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I’m sorry. I --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Don’t fuck this up for me.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Okay, what is this about?
text: eyes burn. She can’t face her friend.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You don’t understand what it’s
dialog: like. And don’t tell me how good
dialog: I look. They just don’t see me
dialog: like that.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Campbell walks in a room, and my
dialog: heart stops. Every day, I’m
text: terrified he’s going to bolt.
dialog: What you guys did could’ve chased
text: him away.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You don’t know that.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Exactly. You never know. I look
dialog: at you and Adam. You went out for
dialog: six months, and he hid his
text: drinking for five. I look at my
dialog: dad, and see how he’s lied and
dialog: cheated on my mom. She never had
text: a clue.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dorothy, where is Campbell now?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
text: At home.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Then why are you here with me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: What if --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Don’t make problems where there
dialog: aren’t any.
dialog: It’s a genuine observation.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I’m sorry. You must think I’m
dialog: such a dork --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Do you want to talk about it?
text: Dorothy doesn’t make a move for the door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOROTHY’S MANSION - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY
text: Overdone and expensive. Dorothy pokes her head in.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Campbell?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (0.S.)
dialog: Out here, babe.
dialog: Dorothy crosses to --
scene_heading: EXT. MASTER BEDROOM - TERRACE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Dorothy steps out onto the terrace. A hot tub is nestled
text: in a corner. Campbell, sweaty and greasy, stands over
text: it. Tools are spread out everywhere.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Hey. I promised Jennifer I'd have
dialog: this up and running for tonight.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Look at you, so handy.
text: She wraps her arms around him. He pulls away.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Hon, I’m all gross.
text: She hands him a velvet jewelry box. He opens it to find
dialog: a gold and platinum Rolex.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I didn’t know we were exchanging.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Put it on.
text: Campbell fastens the watch to his wrist.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: No one loves you more than I do.
text: She inches closer. Her silk blouse droops open, exposing
text: a full breast.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: No one.
text: She reaches for his pants. They’re unbuttoned in a
text: second. She kneels before him. Campbell tries to back
text: away, but her mouth is already around him. He fights,
text: then gives in with a trembling moan. The second hand on
text: the ROLEX continues to TICK.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - LATER
text: Dorothy and Campbell lie in a king-sized bed. He stares
text: vacantly at the ceiling. Dorothy watches him earnestly.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Don’t worry about it.
dialog: (off his silence)
dialog: I’m gonna take a shower.
dialog: (heads to the
dialog: bathroom)
dialog: Try on my dad’s robe. It’s silk.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - DAY
text: Steaming shower water beats at Dorothy’s morose face.
text: She draws a heart on the foggy shower door and sings to
text: herself. It’s a dirge.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: ‘I love you baby, and if it’s
dialog: quite all right, I need you
dialog: baby...’
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A shadow looms in the doorway. Dorothy doesn’t see it.
text: She turns her back to it and continues to sing.
text: The shower door is thrown open. Dorothy spins to face
text: Campbell, clad in a robe that only money and bad taste
dialog: can buy.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Now it’s my turn.
text: He gives her a blue box from Tiffany. Elated, Dorothy
text: snatches the gift and tosses the lid aside. She lifts a
text: cupid pendant into the light. There’s a single ruby on
text: the tip of the arrow.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: It’s beautiful.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I’ve got a meeting with an
dialog: investor later, so I might be a
text: little late for the party.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Care to join me now?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I want to get in a quick workout
dialog: before I go.
dialog: (kisses her quickly)
dialog: Save a dance for me.
text: He goes as Dorothy swoons.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - DAY
text: Campbell heads down the stairs.
text: The Maid stands in the middle of the foyer and directs
text: various caterers and construction workers. They carry
text: tables, pieces of dance floor, and chafing dishes.
text: As Campbell passes, he tosses her a smirk and a wink.
text: She scowls, has his number. Campbell laughs and heads
text: down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - DAY
text: Humming, Dorothy sits at Lauren’s vanity and does her
text: makeup. She wears the cupid necklace. The Maid appears
text: in the doorway behind her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: What are you doing in your daddy’s
dialog: bedroom?
text: Dorothy ignores her.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Your parents are coming home
dialog: tomorrow, and I’m not cleaning up
dialog: that mess downstairs.
text: Dorothy stands, floats by the Maid, and kisses her cheek.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I have to pick up my dress. Bye.
dialog: (singing)
dialog: ‘I love you baby, and if it’s
dialog: quite all right, I need you
dialog: baby...’
text: She exits.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT GYM - DAY
text: Clad in nothing but his boxers, Campbell pumps iron.
text: This boy knows his way around Nautilus equipment.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT BATHROOM - DAY
text: The bathroom is as big as a locker room but done in pink
text: marble. Glistening with sweat, Campbell throws on the
text: spigot of the giant bathtub. He sniffs a few bottles of
text: bubble bath, then dumps some into the flowing water.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT GYM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Campbell scoops up a dumbbell, does a few arm curls,
text: poses. There’s a flash of white in the mirror. A figure
text: disappears into the bathroom.
text: Campbell detects the movement out of the corner of his
text: eye. He spins.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Dodo? Sweetie?
text: Nothing. Campbell closes the gym door, then locks it.
text: He yanks a cordless phone from the wall.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: WATER GURGLES from the spigot. Bubbles crest at the edge
text: of the monstrous tub. Campbell dials out on the phone as
text: he sits on the porcelain lip. He lets his fingers dance
text: under the flowing water.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Bobby? It’s me... I’m calling you
dialog: now, aren’t I?
text: He turns OFF the WATER, drops his boxers, and slips into
text: the tub. Ahhhh. He settles back.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I’m telling you, she’s frothing at
dialog: the crotch for me... I don’t know,
dialog: couple days maybe... Yeah, well,
dialog: tell Bernie he’ll get it...
dialog: (getting pissed)
dialog: Then tell him again.
text: Campbell’s face twists in rage.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I’1ll be there in twenty minutes.
text: Campbell throws the phone across the room. It explodes
text: against the tiling.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Fuck!
text: Covered in suds, Campbell climbs out of the tub. Water
text: and bubbles slosh all over the marble floor. He slips,
text: nearly crashing to the ground.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Shit!
text: He carefully maneuvers over to the standing shower, yanks
text: ON the WATER, and steps inside.
text: The suds instantly wash away, unmasking --
text: Dozens of leeches, stuck to Campbell’s naked body.
text: They’re fat around the middle, engorged from their
dialog: feeding.
text: Campbell sees the parasites and screams. He jumps out of
text: the shower, smacking and yanking at them. The leeches
text: hold fast -- clamped on by their razor sharp teeth.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Yelling, Campbell pulls at a giant leech on his arm. It
text: stretches, stretches, and finally rips in two. Blood
text: gushes from the animal’s innards. Campbell’s blood. The
text: leech’s head is still stuck to Campbell’s arm.
text: Campbell runs for the door. His feet slide out from
text: under him and he crashes heavily to the marble. He sits
text: up and slaps at his thighs, scrambles to his feet, and
text: tears the leeches from his skin. He manages to rid them
text: from his arms and torso. Campbell turns, and we see --
text: The monster leech on his back. He senses it, too.
text: Strains his neck in an attempt to look over his shoulder.
text: Campbell strides to the mirror, wipes the steam from it.
text: The cherub’s reflection appears behind him. A stream of
text: blood dribbles from a nostril. Campbell doesn’t
text: notice -- he’s too busy reaching, stretching, trying to
dialog: grab the leech.
text: The cherub’s reflection finally catches his eye.
text: Startled, he spins to face him -- sees the waxy face,
text: frozen in a wicked grin.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Who the fuck are you?
text: The question is cut short as a fifty-pound barbell caves
text: in Campbell’s skull. He flies backward and slams to the
dialog: floor.
text: CLOSE ON Campbell’s arm as it twitches on the marble. A
text: leech lets go and creeps across the floor.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOROTHY’S MANSION - NIGHT
text: At the street-level valet station, party-goers spill out
text: of German-engineered sedans, greet each other, and trip
text: toward the throbbing mansion. Every brick, every shingle
text: strains against the internal combustion of a party that
text: is way past out of control.
scene_heading: INT. DOROTHY’S MANSION - BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: A red spotlight ricochets off a disco ball. Helium-
text: filled Mylar balloons in the shape of hearts blanket the
text: ceiling. A band, loud and one notch beyond punk, fills
text: the room with music.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The black-tie crowd swells and gyrates. The dance floor
text: has a life of its own. Couples mash under rose
text: trellises. Singles look to hook up. It’s Valentine’s
text: Day, and the young, rich, and beautiful generate enough
text: sexual energy to make the space pulsate.
text: Jennifer auto-pilots across the floor.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (flagging a waiter)
dialog: Send out the dumplings next.
text: Jennifer pushes through a set of swinging doors.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: It’s a whirlwind of caterers. Jennifer finds Paige and
text: Dorothy staking out an isolated section of counter top.
text: They pick at the remains of an hors d’oeuvre tray.
text: Everyone’s dressed to party. They just don’t act like
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: Still no sign of Kathy Hudson.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Or Campbell.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: {to both of them)
text: It’s barely eleven.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: The band can only play until
dialog: midnight. That’s about the time
text: I’1l head over to Kinko’s and pick
dialog: up an application.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: They’re open twenty-four hours.
text: Adam enters the kitchen from the back door. He shakes
text: off the cold and joins them.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Any more trash to go out?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: We’re good for now.
text: A CATERER interrupts.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CATERER
dialog: (to Jennifer)
dialog: There’s enough food to carry us,
dialog: so we’re gonna start cleaning up.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Go ahead.
text: He moves off. Jennifer’s face falls even more.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: She’1l1 show.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Whadya say, Dotty? Wanna check
dialog: out the band? Get a groove on?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I’m gonna wait.
text: Dorothy stares at the floor. Absentminded fingers play
text: with the cupid necklace, then tuck it beneath her blouse.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You said he was going to
dialog: Sausalito. The bridge is probably
text: backed up.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I am not letting this dress go to
dialog: waste. C’mon. We’ll have a
text: better view of his arrival from
text: the dance floor.
text: Paige drags Dorothy out. Jennifer drops her head to the
text: counter. Adam kneads her shoulders. He whispers.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: How’s that?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Lower... Mmm.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What are your plans for later?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I was thinking I’d finish up here.
dialog: Kick off these shoes.
dialog: (then, returning the
dialog: whisper)
dialog: Maybe get lucky.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 84,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: With whom?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I’m young. Available. Shouldn’t
dialog: be a problem finding volunteers.
text: Adam plucks a red rose out of a nearby floral
text: arrangement, hands it to Jennifer. He fishes in his
text: pocket and produces the dry cleaning ticket -- Jennifer's
dialog: rou.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Excellent. I’ve had my eye on you
dialog: all night.
text: Several caterers eavesdrop on their conversation. The
text: swinging doors open, and a WAITER pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: {to Jennifer)
text: One of the heating lamps went out.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I’ve got matches.
text: Jennifer stows her rose in a glass of water and starts to
text: follow. Adam grabs her arm and pulls her into a kiss.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Happy Valentine’s Day.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You, too.
text: She breaks away and goes. Barely able to contain his
text: happiness, Adam turns to the staff. A CATERER shoves a
text: champagne flute into his hand.
speaker_heading: CATERER #2
dialog: What‘s your name, buddy?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Adam.
text: Adam thinks about handing the flute back when --
speaker_heading: CATERER #2
dialog: (to kitchen staff)
dialog: To Adam. The one guy in this room
dialog: who's getting some tonight!
text: Warm smiles are on him. Adam tosses back the drink.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: Sweating bodies writhe on the dance floor.
scene_heading: CENTER OF THRONG
text: Paige and Dorothy tear things up. They laugh, spin,
text: spill their Kir Royales. Dorothy tries to steal a glance
text: at the ballroom entrance, but Paige darts into her eye-
dialog: line.
text: Someone watches the girls from across the dance floor.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: is ON Paige, uninhibited, displaying her bad-girl roots.
text: Dorothy begins to relax. Lets the heat of the crowd and
text: the throbbing of the music take over.
text: The watcher gets CLOSER, CLOSER. Weaving, bobbing in and
text: out amongst the sweaty partners.
text: Paige grinds. Spins. Pumps to the beat.
text: The Watcher is VERY CLOSE.
text: Paige twirls and collides with Brian, the pierced guy
dialog: from Speed Dating.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Hey, hot stuff.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: You came.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I like how you move.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Why don’t you join me, then?
text: She throws her arms around his neck. He matches her
text: rhythm. Forgotten, Dorothy melts back into the crowd.
text: Her eyes scan the room. No sign of Campbell.
scene_heading: BACK ON PAIGE
text: Or, rather, Paige’s gyrating pelvis. Brian teases her
text: lips with his.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Wanna crank this up a little bit?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Two tabs of Ecstasy appear from his tuxedo jacket. Paige
text: pops one into her mouth. He downs the other.
text: Dorothy spots the transaction.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Did you know this house has eight
dialog: bedrooms?
text: Paige catches Dorothy’s disapproving stare and slides
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I’m not going through another
dialog: Valentine’s Day with no one to
dialog: kiss.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You won’t feel any better.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I already do.
text: With a whoop, Paige leads Brian out of the ballroom.
text: Dorothy checks her watch as the band kicks in with a
text: thrash version of Billy Joel’s "Just the Way You Are."
text: Miserable and alone, she looks out over the dancing mob.
text: Her eyes lock on --
scene_heading: EDGE OF DANCE FLOOR
text: And the leering cherub mask. As quickly as it’s there,
dialog: it’s gone.
text: Tossed about by moshers, Dorothy heads in the mask’s
text: direction. Heads and shoulders spin about. A dancer
text: bumps her, knocking her to the ground. Rude guests have
text: left the floor littered with beer, cigarette butts, and
text: plastic cups. Dorothy looks in horror at her soaked
text: hands, her ruined dress. Then, in front of her, she sees
text: a discarded cherub mask.
text: Dorothy reaches for it. A dancing foot kicks it away.
text: Out of nowhere, a hand yanks her to her feet.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: He’s here!
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: OVER DOROTHY’S SHOULDER
text: Jennifer catches a flash of the cherub mask and freezes.
text: It’s gone, only to instantly re-appear thirty feet across
dialog: the ballroom.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Dorothy plows ahead, knocking party-goers aside like rag
text: dolls. Jennifer’s on her heels. They close in on the
text: cherub. Jennifer rips the mask off to reveal Max, the
dialog: artist.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What the hell are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I came with friends.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: (off mask)
dialog: Where'd you get that?
speaker_heading: MAX
text: At the door.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: {to Jennifer)
dialog: Look.
text: Several cherubs move throughout the ballroom.
text: Jennifer takes in Dorothy’s trashed dress.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Go clean up. I/’11 take care of
dialog: this.
text: Still shaky, Dorothy obeys. Jennifer turns her attention
text: back to Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I also came to tell Lily that
text: she’s busted. The museum in
dialog: Chicago called. She never showed
dialog: up for the conference. Classy,
dialog: huh?
text: Jennifer’s disturbed by the news. Max checks out her
text: low-cut dress.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I thought about you this morning.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: {looking at his
dialog: erotch)
dialog: How could you tell?
text: He scowls, replaces the cherub mask, and rejoins the
text: throng. Jennifer pulls her cell phone and dials out.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Detective Vaughn, please... Can
dialog: you tell her Jennifer Keats
dialog: called? It’s urgent.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Paige and Brian go at it on a satin floor cushion. A
text: bottle of champagne rests on the floor next to them. He
text: unbuttons the back of her dress, pulls the top down and
text: kisses her breasts. Paige closes her eyes. The drugs
text: are kicking in. Everything feels good. He picks her up
text: and deposits her on the bed. Paige slides his shirt off.
text: Hands burrow under the crinolines of her skirt. He tugs
text: them up to her thighs.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Wait.
text: He runs his tongue down her chest.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Slow down.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Shhh.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Let’s talk a little.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: You taste like bubble gum.
text: Paige stops him.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I mean it.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: You’re gonna cum either way, so
dialog: why does chit-chat matter?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He goes back to kissing her. Paige shoves him off.
text: Drunk, stoned, stunned, he lands on the carpet with a
dialog: thud.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Get out!
text: He smirks.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Get out!
text: Brian grabs his shirt.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Skank.
text: And he’s gone. Fighting back tears, Paige runs to the
text: door and locks it.
scene_heading: EXT. MASTER BEDROOM - TERRACE - NIGHT
text: Paige slips out the French doors. She moves to the edge
text: of the terrace and looks over.
text: ON TERRACE BELOW
text: Several guests mill about and smoke. The sound of the
text: BAND is DEAFENING.
text: Paige looks around. Lightheaded. Trying to get her
dialog: bearings.
speaker_heading: JACUZZI
text: GURGLES and HISSES seductively at the other end of the
text: terrace. Paige undoes a clasp and throws back the
text: plastic cover. The WIND whips up. Shuddering, she sheds
text: her dress and heads for the steaming turquoise water.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Ouch!
text: Paige retracts her stubbed foot. Looks down. Notices
text: the pile of plumber’s tools that Campbell has left hidden
text: to one side of the tub. She shakes off the pain and
text: slips into the water.
text: Head falls back. Bubbles rush up to her neck.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A JET BACKFIRES, sending a splash up and over Paige’s
text: face. She opens her eyes and wipes the chlorinated water
text: from her lips. Pulling a hand back, she notices the wet
text: rose petal stuck to her palm. Paige sits up.
text: Rose petals cover the surface of the Jacuzzi.
text: She looks to the French doors. A dark figure watches
text: from the shadows. Instinctively, Paige covers herself.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Hey, freakshow --
text: The cherub steps INTO VIEW -- his knife at his side.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MASK
text: On the eyes behind it, seeing Paige’s horror.
text: On the mouth, curled in mad delight.
text: On the drips of blood that ooze from the nose.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Paige screams. Gets to her feet. The blade swings
text: toward her chest, but she jumps back, slips, falls end
text: over end out of the Jacuzzi to the hard terrace floor.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Help me!
text: The JACUZZI MOTOR and the MUSIC downstairs drown out her
dialog: cries.
text: The cherub closes in. Paige stands, but her wet feet
text: stick to the cold slate terrace. She backpedals, falls
text: hard with a fearful whimper.
speaker_heading: KNIFE
text: soars against the starry sky.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Paige rolls, grabs the cherub’s knife-hand at the wrist.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The other hand draws back and punches her in the face.
text: Her head snaps back from the blow, and she lets go of the
text: killer’s wrist. She falls against the terrace wall.
text: Head rolls back. Catching a glimpse of --
speaker_heading: TERRACE
text: below. Oblivious guests smoke and laugh.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Paige tries to yell but can’t muster the breath. The
text: cherub swipes at her throat. She steps back on wobbly
text: feet, barely avoiding the blade. It swings again. Paige
text: swerves, but the Jacuzzi blocks her way. With a vicious
text: shove, the cherub knocks her back into the water.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: Her body drops. Wild eyes look up for a sign of the
text: attacker, but he’s out of sight. Paige pushes up as --
text: The plastic cover crashes onto her, shoving her back
text: under. It’s a flurry of jets and bubbles. Paige
text: struggles to get her bearings. Pushes back up. The
text: cherub’s face meets hers through the clear plastic.
text: He kneels on the cover.
speaker_heading: ON PAIGE
dialog: realizing what’s happening!
text: With a flick, the cherub secures the cover with the clasp
text: and steps back onto the terrace.
text: Feet kick. Fingernails claw at the hard plastic. Paige
text: shoves her face into a tiny air pocket, but a new rush of
text: bubbles and water obliterates it. The hot, chemical
text: infused water burns at her eyes, but she focuses, spots
text: another air pocket inches away. Moves for it when --
scene_heading: EIGHT-INCH DRILL BIT
text: punches through the cover. As soon as it’s there, it’s
dialog: gone.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CHERUB
text: Outside, the cherub holds the plumber’s DRILL. A squeeze
text: of the trigger sends a MECHANICAL WHIR across the
dialog: terrace.
text: Paige notes the tiny air hole. Lips close around it.
text: Suck in a trickle of precious oxygen.
text: The drill slams through the cover again -- this time
text: inches from Paige’s face. She steals another breath and
text: darts away. Unfortunately, full lungs increase her
text: buoyancy. She floats to the surface. The drill bit
text: plunges through the water and into Paige’s arm. A bubbly
text: scream mixes with the blood from the puncture wound.
text: The cherub smiles, pleased with himself. He watches as
text: his victim huddles against the bottom of the Jacuzzi.
text: Paige bangs the cover with her feet. Her wild eyes beg
dialog: for a reprieve.
text: Another air hole opens with a ZING of the DRILL. Like a
text: starved goldfish, Paige zooms to the surface, inhales
text: madly. The DRILL JABS again, this time near her chest,
text: and she retreats to a corner.
text: Bloody clouds fill the water. Paige has little left in
text: her. Head spinning, chest heaving, she takes her first
text: underwater breath and gags. Now, it’s only a matter of
dialog: seconds.
text: The cherub realizes this. He clicks off the DRILL’s
text: safety control, and it RUNS of its own accord.
text: Paige slams the plastic again. Takes another deadly
dialog: inhale.
text: In one move, the cherub unlatches the cover and tosses
text: the still running drill into the tub. Sparks fly the
text: minute it hits the water. The cherub slams the cover
text: back into place.
speaker_heading: ON PAIGE
text: Feeling the first jolts of ELECTRICITY racing into her
text: body. Boiling her alive. She convulses. Eyes gape. A
text: last bubble parts her lips, and her face turns to a
text: gruesome mask of terror.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: The cherub kicks the drill plug free and returns inside.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: Jennifer approaches a burly DOORMAN, who oversees the
text: line of. entering guests. A box of cherub masks rests on
text: a stool next to him. Jennifer grabs one.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Where did these come from?
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Were they here all night?
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: I’m checking off names. I look
dialog: down, and they’re sitting right
dialog: next to me. Figured they were
dialog: party favors.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Wrong.
text: Jennifer scoops up the box and re-enters the house.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - FOYER - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Jennifer starts through the foyer when she notices --
text: Ruthie, heading up the staircase.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Ruthie doesn’t stop. Jennifer catches up, taps her on
dialog: the arm.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Hi, I’m Jennifer. This is my
dialog: event.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: Then why don’t you grab a tray of
dialog: erab cakes and start working the
dialog: room?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Because I want the pleasure of
dialog: removing your ass from the
dialog: premises.
text: Jennifer shoves the box of cherub masks into Ruthie’s
text: arms and guides her back down the steps.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: Don’t touch me.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 94.
text: FROM TOP OF STAIRCASE
text: Dorothy watches the proceedings. She sports a new dress.
text: Her fury is cold, controlled.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: She was just leaving.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: (to Dorothy)
dialog: I‘m here for my money. Where’s
dialog: Campbell?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Come on.
text: Jennifer jerks Ruthie into the foyer. Dorothy trails
text: close behind. Almost to the door, Ruthie digs in her
text: heels. She studies Dorothy.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: He left you.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: Then where is he? Did I mention
dialog: that half my jewelry is missing?
text: Dorothy can’t answer. She touches the necklace under her
dialog: blouse.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: Hurts, doesn’t it?
text: For the first time, we see a crack in Ruthie’s hard-assed
dialog: facade.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: He loves me.
text: The crack seals up.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: Grow up, honey. Everybody knows
dialog: the heavier the heiress, the
dialog: heavier the trust fund.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Get out!
text: It’s a side of Jennifer that we haven’t seen before. She
text: pushes Ruthie to the door and shoves her out.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Jennifer presents Ruthie to the Doorman.
dialog: Seething,
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: She’s done for the night.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: Get your hands off.
text: Ruthie slips into the darkness.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (back to Doorman)
dialog: Check I.D.’s and stick to the
dialog: guest list. If anything’s weird,
dialog: you have my cell number.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Speaking of which, a Kathy Hudson
dialog: called the main line. Said she’s
text: bringing thirty extra people.
dialog: What do I do about them?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Anybody with Kathy is in. Have
dialog: the valet guys call me when she
dialog: gets here.
text: Jennifer heads back inside. There’s no sign of Dorothy.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - DOROTHY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Jennifer pushes into Dorothy’s bedroom. RUNNING WATER
text: comes from the attached bath. Jennifer approaches.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dotty?
text: She enters.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Dorothy covers the red splotches on her cheeks with
dialog: concealer.
text: Jennifer goes to her.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Need help?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I’m okay. Seriously.
dialog: (then)
dialog: My date will be here soon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 96.
text: Jennifer smoothes the back of Dorothy’s hair. Dorothy
text: catches her friend’s reflection in the mirror.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: That Max guy said Lily didn’t make
dialog: it to Chicago. Did Paige ever
dialog: call her mother and find out?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Well, you can’t ask her now.
text: She’s busy.
text: It dawns on Dorothy.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Something’s going on. You’re
dialog: scared. You think Jeremy’s here.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: No, I don’t. I promise --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: My dad has a gun. He keeps it in
dialog: his study.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Absolutely not.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Dorothy, relax, I’m just concerned
dialog: about Lily. That’s all.
text: They head out of the bedroom and down the hall as
text: Jennifer’s CELL PHONE RINGS. She answers.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN (V.0O.)
dialog: It’s Vaughn.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Vaughn drives the city streets and talks on her phone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Sacramento came through with the
dialog: release picture. The photo’s ten
dialog: years old, but it should help you
dialog: make an I.D.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Max Ives was at the party tonight.
dialog: He said Lily didn’t go to Chicago.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: That’s why I’ve got two of my guys
text: waiting for him at his place.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Do you think it’s him?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: You tell me. We’re looking for
dialog: someone between five-eleven and
text: six feet.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Uh, no.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: One-seventy to one-ninety pounds.
text: Black hair, brown eyes.
text: Jennifer looks down into the foyer filled with men of
text: varying shapes and sizes. One guy catches her stare and
text: winks. Jennifer flinches, breaks eye contact
dialog: immediately.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Easily half the guys at this
dialog: party.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Everything’s fine. Just sit
dialog: tight, and I’1l see you in an
dialog: hour.
text: Vaughn disconnects. Dorothy stares at Jennifer with
text: frozen anticipation.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: She’s got the photo.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Let’s find Adam.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - NIGHT
text: Jennifer and Dorothy slip down into the foyer. It’s
text: still wall-to-wall people. For once, Dorothy’s the more
text: composed of the two.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Jennifer and Dorothy enter the kitchen. They stop in
dialog: their tracks when they see --
text: Adam, guzzling a glass of champagne. He reaches for the
text: bottle and refills. His eyes connect with Jennifer’s.
text: Dorothy promptly exits.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Which of the twelve steps is that?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (buzzed)
dialog: Jen! You’re beautiful! It’s
dialog: Valentine’s Day! Celebrate with
dialog: me!
text: He looks at the pile of trash bags scattered around him.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Hey, who’s in charge of these?
dialog: {to caterers)
dialog: Chop, chop, guys!
text: Heartbroken, Jennifer goes. He’s on her heels.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Jennifer tries to lose Adam in the crowd.
speaker_heading: FROM STAGE
text: The band speeds to a throbbing finale.
text: Adam catches up to Jennifer.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Don’t be mad.
text: She opens her mouth to let him have it when --
speaker_heading: ON STAGE
text: There’s a POP from the band’s AMPS, and the power goes
text: out in the ballroom. The crowd sends up a moan.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Jennifer’s CELL PHONE RINGS. She answers.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. DOROTHY’S MANSION - VALET STAND - NIGHT
text: Staring amusedly at an entourage of beautiful twenty-
text: somethings, a VALET ATTENDANT speaks low into the phone.
scene_heading: VALET ATTENDANT
dialog: Your princess has arrived.
text: KATHY HUDSON, a blonde slip of a girl, stumbles to the
text: front of the group. She wears a party crown from Burger
text: King and a ten-thousand-dollar mink coat. She’s trashed.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Shit. We blew a fuse.
text: Adam tries to get Jennifer’s attention. Jennifer covers
text: the phone with her hand.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Go away.
text: She means it. He complies. Dorothy approaches.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Do you know where the circuit
dialog: breaker is?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I can do it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: No, let me.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You have a guest to greet. I’11
dialog: be fine.
text: Embracing her newfound bravado, Dorothy goes.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (back into phone)
dialog: Stall her.
text: Jennifer clicks off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
text: Kathy throws her arms around the Valet Attendant.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: You’re cute.
dialog: (looking up at the
dialog: mansion)
dialog: My party!
text: Which means, "Release the hounds!" The entourage races
text: for the house. The Valet Attendant can only watch them
text: go, never realizing that one of the group is Ruthie.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is dark. The tea lights from the cabaret tables
text: cast an eerie glow. Jennifer stands by the stage and
text: watches the band pack up their instruments.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Guys, the power will be up in a
dialog: few minutes.
text: The LEAD SINGER doesn’t even slow down.
speaker_heading: LEAD SINGER
dialog: We got a gig in Oakland at twelve-
dialog: thirty.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: The guest of honor is on her way
dialog: up. Just one song. I’m begging.
speaker_heading: LEAD SINGER
dialog: Can I have your phone number?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You can have all the leftover
text: chicken skewers.
speaker_heading: LEAD SINGER
dialog: Fine.
text: He starts to unwind his mic cord.
speaker_heading: AT FRONT DOOR
text: There’s a commotion as Kathy Hudson and crew make their
text: grand entrance. Jennifer zips up to Kathy and extends a
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Kathy, Jennifer Keats. So great
dialog: to finally meet you.
text: Kathy lurches, vomits down the front of her fur, and
text: passes out in the arms of the GUY behind her.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Dude, she is wasted.
text: The entourage laughs.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: We'd better get her home.
text: Speechless, Jennifer nods. She catches the eye of the
dialog: Lead Singer.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You guys can go.
dialog: (then)
dialog: There’s dipping sauce in the
dialog: kitchen.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - TIGHT ON DUFFEL BAG - NIGHT
text: as deliberate hands unzip and rifle through it.
text: Taking advantage of the moonlight, Ruthie shakes the
text: contents onto the floor. Like a mad archaeologist, her
text: fingers pick through socks and toiletries. There’s no
text: sign of a checkbook or wallet. Something gleams in the
dialog: darkness. It’s the Rolex.
text: There’s a NOISE outside.
text: Ruthie pockets the watch and slips to the door. She
dialog: cracks it.
scene_heading: INT. HALL
text: Jennifer zooms past with a flashlight.
text: Ruthie ducks back inside, waits a beat, then looks again.
text: The hall is clear.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Ruthie steps into the hall. Instead of heading for the
text: main staircase, she starts in the other direction.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: END OF HALL
text: An open doorway looms. Ruthie steps inside and shuts it
text: behind her.
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: Ruthie stands in the utilitarian stairwell, designed to
text: keep the servants away from their masters. The
text: surroundings are spartan, but Ruthie doesn’t spend much
text: time looking. She heads down the steps two at a time.
speaker_heading: GROUND LEVEL
text: A service entrance. Ruthie tries the door. Locked. She
text: continues down the steps and into the basement.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - BILLIARDS ROOM - NIGHT
text: A red-velveted pool table commands the middle of the
text: floor. The balls are racked and ready for play. Ruthie
text: blows into the room.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: Fuck me.
text: Frustrated, she perches on the edge of the pool table and
text: scatters the balls across the velvet. Ruthie pulls out
text: the Rolex and fastens it on her wrist.
text: The door to the billiards room opens, and a man backs
text: inside. He’s dragging something.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: Hey! How the hell do I get out of
dialog: this place?
text: The cherub turns around, looks at her quizzically, drops
dialog: his cargo.
text: Ruthie stares in horror as he takes a step toward her,
text: revealing the Maid’s dead body.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: Well... I should go.
text: Pretending not to see the mess, she tries to step around
text: him. A drop of blood spills from the cherub’s nose. He
text: pulls his knife. Charges.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The blade sinks into Ruthie’s back. She screams at the
text: white-hot pain, watches in horror as the knife rises
text: again. She twists away, thinks fast, and grabs a pool
text: cue out of a nearby rack. Swings it. Bashes the cherub
text: in the kidney. He falls back. Groggy, bleeding, Ruthie
text: drops her weapon and charges out the door.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Screaming, she tears down the hallway, but she’s deep in
text: the bowels of the house. No one can hear her.
text: Fortunately, the darkness is thick and black. Perfect
text: for hiding. She opens a door and slips into --
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: So, so dark. Ruthie fumbles to get her bearings in the
text: pink marble bathroom.
text: The lights flash on. Someone found the circuit breaker.
text: Ruthie stares at her teary reflection in the bathroom
text: mirror. The wound in her back bleeds profusely.
text: From the hall, there’s a CLATTER.
text: Ruthie spies the dry sauna. She flips off the bathroom
text: light switch and heads for it.
scene_heading: INT. DRY SAUNA - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: It’s dark in here. Instinctively, Ruthie drops to her
text: knees and backs under one of the benches. Her eyes never
text: waiver from the door until something brushes her
text: shoulder. Ruthie looks down at the human arm that drapes
text: across her chest. She screams, pushes it away, turns to
text: see Campbell. His face, or what’s left of it, is cloaked
text: in a final, silent scream.
text: Hyperventilating, Ruthie pushes the corpse off of her and
text: slides out.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Ruthie bolts for the exit when she hears another NOISE in
text: the hall. She backs away from the doors and spies...
scene_heading: WICKER LAUNDRY HAMPER
text: In a flash, she’s inside.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY HAMPER - NIGHT
text: It’s a tight fit, but Ruthie burrows into a pile of musty
text: towels. Her breathing is jagged, terrified. She closes
text: her eyes, calms herself.
text: There’s a RIP as the pool cue slams through the top of
text: the hamper, millimeters from Ruthie’s terrified face.
text: She screams. Presses up against the side as the cue
text: slams through the front. With everything she’s got left,
text: Ruthie blasts out of the hamper.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Spills end over end onto the bathroom floor. The cherub
text: hovers over her. Aims for her head. Swings. Ruthie
text: rolls, and he misses. She gets to her feet and tears out
text: of the bathroom. The killer rams the cue back into the
text: hamper and pulls his knife.
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: Gathering strength, Ruthie climbs for her life. She
text: passes the service entrance, knowing already that it’s
dialog: locked.
speaker_heading: SECOND FLOOR
text: Ruthie arrives at the door that got her into this mess.
text: She tries the knob. It doesn’t budge.
text: FOOTSTEPS come from below. Ruthie darts up another
dialog: flight.
speaker_heading: THIRD FLOOR
text: She cranes her neck and gazes down into the twisting,
text: dropping maze of stairs and banisters.
text: TWO STORIES BELOW
text: A hand clasps the railing. Deliberate FOOTSTEPS make
dialog: their ascent.
text: Ruthie spins and runs up the steps, taking three at a
dialog: time.
text: The cherub continues his methodical climb.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: FOURTH FLOOR
text: The attic level. One door stands at the top of the
text: stairs. Ruthie tries it. No good. She pounds, kicks,
text: claws at the wood.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: Help me!
text: The footsteps stop. Ruthie twists to find nothing. She
text: blinks. Takes one step down at a time.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: Please, don’t hurt me.
dialog: (another step)
dialog: I don’t want to die.
text: She stops. Listens. Nothing. She makes it to the
text: landing. Breathes easier now. Looks over the edge of
text: the banister, thinks she sees something down in the
text: twisting, dropping maze of the stairwell. Looks closer.
text: It’s just one of her high heels. Everything looks clear.
dialog: She turns and --
text: The cherub shoves her against the railing. The force is
text: bone-crushing, rapid fire.
text: Ruthie screams, tries to push forward, but he shoves her
text: again. WOOD CREAKS as the railing breaks off and
text: plummets into the abyss. Nothing’s left of the banister
text: but the spindly wooden slats.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: No.
text: The cherub shoves again. Ruthie loses her footing and
text: sits back on the slats. They give way and she pitches
text: over the edge.
text: The cherub’s mouth reacts in surprise. Ruthie hasn't
dialog: fallen!
text: The Rolex watch, too big for her wrist, has caught on one
text: of the slats. It bends at a hundred and seventy-five
text: degree angle, but it still supports her weight.
text: She twists in the air, stares up into his unfeeling eyes.
speaker_heading: RUTHIE
dialog: Help me. Please, help me. You
dialog: can have anything you want.
text: The cherub steps forward. Extends a hand. And unclasps
dialog: the watch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Ruthie shrieks as her hand slips out of the band and she
text: drops end over end through the stairwell. It’s a messy,
text: interminable fall as her flailing body ricochets against
text: the unforgiving banisters and slams to the floor.
text: Ruthie’s eyes blink, flutter, close.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: The ballroom is completely cleared out. Jennifer hands a
text: check to a CATERER.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Thanks, Scott.
speaker_heading: CATERER
dialog: Happy Valentine’s Day.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Right back at ya.
text: He goes, leaving her all alone. Jennifer yanks down a
text: heart-shaped BALLOON and POPS it with a fork. She pulls
text: her cell PHONE and dials out. There’s nothing on the
text: other end but RINGING.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY (0.8S.)
dialog: Campbell didn’t even call. I’m
text: kicking him out of the house
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Dorothy stands in a dark corner of the room. Jennifer
text: suppresses the scare and goes to her.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dignity.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I’ve already got the word for
dialog: 2002. Self-sufficient.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: That’s two.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Call it a hyphenate. Thanks for
dialog: all the help tonight.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Who are you calling?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Vaughn. She should’ve been here
dialog: by now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Traffic’s probably a nightmare.
dialog: Oh, well, I’m gonna go break up
dialog: Paige’s sex-fest.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You know girls like Paige.
dialog: They’re fine when they’re fooling
dialog: around, but the morning after,
dialog: they complain about how sleeping
dialog: with strange guys destroys their
dialog: self-esteem. I don’t want to hear
dialog: it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Like she’d know how that feels.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I think she does.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: That’s ’coz you’re a pretty girl.
dialog: Hurt is finite for your species.
text: Dorothy spits out a bitter laugh.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dorothy.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Just kidding. It’s the champagne.
dialog: Where’s Adam?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Hopefully, in bed.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Men. They lie. They keep
dialog: secrets. Every last one. He
dialog: could be Jeremy, you know. Adam.
dialog: Ever thought of that?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Don’t even joke.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: How do you know if deep inside
dialog: that gorgeous man of yours lurks a
dialog: psychopath? You don’t know much
dialog: about him. You know where his
text: office is. How he laughs. The
dialog: size of his dick.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Stung, mind racing, Jennifer withdraws from the verbal
dialog: blows.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Enough.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You and I need to cut them loose.
dialog: Self-sufficient. See? You
dialog: already forgot.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Go to bed, Dorothy.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Even if Adam isn’t the bad guy, he
dialog: still cut you up pretty nicely.
text: Dorothy levels a defiant gaze and goes. Jennifer
text: collapses into a chair. Depositing her phone on the
text: table, she pours herself a glass of champagne.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Jennifer finishes straightening up. Moving to the sink,
text: she notices Adam’s rose still sitting in its glass of
text: water. Jennifer picks it up and hits a switch.
text: The GARBAGE DISPOSAL RUMBLES to life. Bud side down,
text: Jennifer feeds the rose into the GRINDING GEARS until
text: it’s nothing but a three inch piece of mangled stem.
text: She sweeps up her cell phone again.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - NIGHT
text: Bulging trash bags in hand, cell phone wedged between ear
text: and shoulder, Jennifer heads for the garage. There’s
text: nothing but RINGING on the other end.
text: Outside, the night is dead, and she’s alone. Realizing
text: this, Jennifer quickens her pace.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Still on her phone, Jennifer opens an already crammed
text: trash bin and shoves one of the bags into it. She moves
text: to the next when she hears --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: MUFFLED RINGING.
text: Jennifer stops. Is she crazy? She shifts her phone to
text: the other ear, opens another trash can and deposits a
dialog: second bag.
text: More RINGING.
text: Jennifer zeroes in on the SOUND. It’s coming from the
text: last trash can. Every SHRILL RING twisting her stomach
dialog: in knots.
text: Jennifer goes into a defensive stance. Filled with
text: trepidation, she pulls away the lid.
speaker_heading: ON JENNIFER
text: as her mouth opens in a horrifying scream.
text: The cell phone slips from her ear, and smashes to the
text: pavement. Plastic goes flying, but Jennifer doesn’t
text: notice. Her eyes are locked on --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER’S POV
text: Vaughn’s twisted face staring back at her from its dank,
text: metal prison. Her throat is a mess of congealed blood.
text: Her body is crumpled and lifeless. Her police PHONE
text: RINGS one last time, then STOPS.
text: Discarded on top of the entire mess is --
text: The dry cleaning receipt. Adam’s valentine. Jennifer’s
text: ved handwriting is still scrawled across it. "I.0.U.
dialog: some T.L.C. this P.M.”
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Jennifer is too frozen to reach for it. A sharp,
text: nauseating terror flows down through every inch of her
text: body. She looks back to the house --
text: There’s a light on in Dorothy’s room.
text: Jennifer reaches for her broken phone. Tries to get a
dialog: signal. Impossible.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A scream is ready to erupt from the bottom of Jennifer’s
text: gut, but she stops herself. She has to keep her wits
text: together. She has to get her friend out of there, and
dialog: there’s only one way -- the way lovers have done it for
dialog: centuries.
text: Jennifer scoops up a handful of rocks from the driveway.
text: She sneaks up to Dorothy’s window, hides herself behind a
text: row of hedges. The first rock sails into the air.
dialog: Misses.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (fierce whisper)
dialog: Dorothy!
text: Another rock. PING, as it hits the window. No answer.
text: Another. Another. Another.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dorothy!
text: Adam’s face appears in front of Jennifer. He’s heard the
text: ruckus, peers through the open curtain of a first-floor
text: window. Jennifer steps out of sight. Sucks ina
text: terrified breath. Adam stares out into the night.
text: Jennifer looks at her palm. There are a few rocks left.
text: She steps back and hurls the handful at a bank of windows
text: just down from Adam. PING. PING. PING. He lets the
text: curtain fall back into place and goes to investigate.
text: Jennifer bolts out of her hiding place, tears around the
text: house, and arrives at the back door.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Jennifer slips inside. Hugs the walls. Shoots for --
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: It’s darker in here. Jennifer weaves her way through the
text: cabaret tables. Her gaze is locked on --
scene_heading: FOYER AND STAIRCASE
text: She skirts another table, is almost out of the maze, when
text: her dress catches on a chair, which catches on another,
text: which pulls the tablecloth, which tips the crystal
text: champagne flutes. They teeter, but Jennifer steadies
text: them with shaky hands.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ADAM (0.S.)
dialog: Hi.
text: One of the FLUTES teeters again and CRASHES to the floor.
text: Stomach churning, Jennifer turns to find her wild-eyed
text: boyfriend -- just feet away.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You scared me.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: He touches her bare shoulder. Jennifer holds back tears.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: You're freezing. Were you
dialog: outside?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: I heard a door shut.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Oh, yeah. I was just putting some
text: empty bottles out on the back
dialog: step. I’m just too exhausted to
dialog: make a trash run tonight.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I’1l finish the rest of it
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Adam pulls away and crosses to the stereo. In an
text: instant, a supersexy, super-slow version of "I CAN’T GIVE
text: YOU ANYTHING BUT LOVE" seeps through the SPEAKERS.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Dance with me.
text: She doesn’t know what to do. She doesn’t know if he
text: knows that she knows. She’s afraid he’ll kill her if she
dialog: resists.
text: He takes her in his arms, and they begin to slow dance to
text: the SONG. His body presses against her. His hands run
text: down her spine, and she shudders in terror.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I screwed up, Jen. I’m sorry.
text: She wills herself to stay calm.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You... you had a few drinks. It’s
dialog: not the end of the world.
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: No. Jen’s disappointed.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: No. Jen’s stupid. And
text: sanctimonious. And demanding.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You’re a great guy.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I’m a drunk. Who gets out of
dialog: control. It scares you.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You feel things. And if I can’t
dialog: see that...
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: You were always a good listener.
text: He pulls back and looks into her eyes. She tries to
text: accept his stare, must not fall apart. She gently puts
text: her head on his shoulder.
text: Tears of fear and horror moisten her eyes as he buries
text: his head in her hair, takes in her fragrance. Quickly,
text: he moves to her lips, maneuvers her over to a cabaret
text: table, and pushes her back. His body presses against
text: her. His hands run down her legs, and she trembles.
text: He jerks at the front of her dress. Unclasps his belt.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I went off my birth control.
text: He stops.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Do you have...
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: In my wallet? Gentlemen don’t
dialog: really do that, Jennifer.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: There’s one in my purse.
text: He bores deep into her. Jennifer’s mind whirls. Waiting
dialog: for her chance to escape.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I want you.
text: The sound of her voice is fearful. Adam misconstrues it
dialog: for heated anticipation.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I’ll wait here.
text: She slides out from under him and darts across the dance
dialog: floor.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - NIGHT
text: Out of Adam's sight, Jennifer zooms up the steps.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Numb, she keeps moving down the hall. Her FOOTSTEPS
text: sound like cannon fire. Her every sense is in overdrive.
text: The door to Dorothy’s bedroom is part way open.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dorothy.
text: She throws open the door.
scene_heading: INT. DOROTHY’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Disaster. The vanity is overturned. Sheets, stripped
text: violently from the bed, lie in a lumpy heap on the floor.
text: Next to them, the cherub necklace.
speaker_heading: ADAM (0.S.)
dialog: Jennifer!
text: She races out.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Explodes into the master bedroom. Jennifer’s crying,
text: now. Wet, fierce, hysterical tears.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Dorothy, answer me!
text: She takes a sweep of the room. It’s empty.
scene_heading: FROM MASTER BEDROOM TERRACE
text: The Jacuzzi MOTOR CHUGS.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 1214.
scene_heading: EXT. MASTER BEDROOM - TERRACE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Steam slips out from under the Jacuzzi cover and floats
text: into the winter sky. Jennifer moves to it and turns OFF
speaker_heading: the MOTOR.
text: A GURGLE of WATER spurts from beneath the cover. It
text: sprays the white skirt of Jennifer’s dress. She looks
text: down at the pink stain as the CHURNING, foamy WATER
text: finally SETTLES. Jennifer glances at the plastic Jacuzzi
dialog: top.
text: Paige’s bloated face rises to the surface. Her mouth is
text: open in a silent wail.
text: Jennifer chokes on her sobs and stumbles back inside.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Jennifer trips over the floor cushions, falls. Adam’s
text: face appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Good idea.
text: He starts for her. Jennifer spies the empty champagne
dialog: bottle.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Get away from me!
text: She sweeps it up and bashes him in the groin. Rocked by
text: the blow, Adam falls back into the hallway and screams.
text: Jennifer darts out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: On his knees, blocking her path to the main staircase, an
text: enraged Adam writhes on the ground.
text: Jennifer turns, bolts for the service staircase at the
text: far end of the hall.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Jennifer!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: She explodes through the door and onto the landing, but
text: there’s nothing to stop her forward momentum. The
text: banister is gone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She’s falling before she even realizes it. Her foot
text: catches in between two of the broken banister slats.
text: There’s a cruel SNAP as her ANKLE twists, but it alters
text: her path from straight down to a diagonal flight through
text: the air and onto the staircase.
text: Falling down the stairway. Her body slamming into and
text: rolling over each step with sickening thuds. Down.
dialog: Down. To...
speaker_heading: FIRST FLOOR
text: She comes to a terrifying rest next to the service
text: entrance. Jennifer is motionless, stunned. Gasping to
text: replace the wind knocked out of her lungs.
text: Her hand touches the bloody pool that seeps underneath
text: her. She touches it. Touches herself. Tries to assess
text: the damage to her body. Turns and realizes that it’s not
dialog: her blood --
text: It’s Ruthie’s. Rigor mortis has set in, but blood still
text: seeps from the gaping wound in her stomach. ‘Two
text: splintered banister slats are still embedded in the soft
dialog: tissue.
text: Jennifer struggles to get up, hurt, disoriented, her
text: dress slick with red. She looks up to the top of the
text: stairway. Sees no one. Jennifer tries the door.
text: Locked. She turns and pushes through another one.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST FLOOR HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Jennifer looks down the long corridor. The entryway and
text: front door loom at the opposite end. Escape. She goes
text: for it. Limping, then running. Gritting at the pain.
text: Her body becoming a machine, a fulcrum of perpetual
dialog: motion born of her instinct to survive.
text: She’s halfway down the hall. Passing a maze of closed
dialog: doors. And then --
text: The cherub steps INTO VIEW -- blocking her way.
text: Jennifer’s body tries to catch up with her mind as she
text: stops her forward momentum, spins around, and scrambles
dialog: back the way she came.
text: FEET POUNDING across the floor. She sees all the closed
text: doors but doesn’t know where they lead, her breathing
text: labored, and the THUDDING of HEAVY FEET behind her and
text: run, run, oh God run! She throws herself through a
text: swinging door and finds herself in the --
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: There’s another door at the opposite end of the
text: expansive, overly formal room. She charges for it.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Jennifer freezes as she takes in the study. The leather-
text: paneled walls. The taxidermied bear in the corner. The
text: giant mahogany desk -- with the gun in it!
text: She flies for the desk. Slides behind it. Tries the
text: phone. The line is cut. She rummages through the center
text: drawer. Just pricey pens and paper clips. She hastens
text: for another drawer. Finds the gun and the box of
text: bullets.
text: FOOTSTEPS STOP outside the study door.
text: Jennifer sweeps up the gun and bullets and rushes to the
text: louvered closet at the end of the room.
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Jennifer shuts herself inside. Fumbles with the awkward
text: cargo in her hands.
text: She drops to the floor, burrows back underneath the
text: winter coats, umbrellas, and two pairs of feet!
text: Frank and Lauren Wheeler hang by their necks from the
text: closet bar. Their purple faces are frozen in agony.
text: Lauren’s toes brush against Jennifer’s face. She
text: scrambles away, is about to scream when --
text: The study door opens.
text: Jennifer shakes uncontrollably. Fighting against the
text: urge to pass out. Trying to load the gun. Several
text: BULLETS drop to the floor with a CLATTER.
text: FOOTSTEPS APPROACH the closet.
text: Jennifer's breaths are spastic. Her fingers scramble to
text: fit the bullets in the chamber.
text: The FOOTSTEPS are getting CLOSER.
text: Jennifer centers herself in front of the door.
text: The knob turns.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A finger tenses against the trigger. BAM! BAM! BAM!
text: The BULLETS tear apart the louvers and thrust the door
text: open. Rough, irregular light bathes the closet.
text: Jennifer creeps out and scans the floor. It’s empty. No
text: body. dust three gaping holes in the opposite wall.
text: Jennifer stares at them, unbelieving, ready to break down
dialog: when --
text: TIFFANY begins to SING. "I Think We’re Alone Now" is
text: CRANKED UP to deafening proportions. Jennifer reloads,
text: gets to her feet. The ankle pain is really starting to
dialog: kick in.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: She keeps going. Mind over-alert. Hearing SOUNDS from
text: everywhere, above her, behind her. Looks back down the
text: hall, sees the empty foyer, decides to go for it.
text: Jennifer charges, every cell focused on one thing -- the
text: front door. Her ankle gives way, but she keeps running.
text: The marble floor of the foyer gleams. It’s almost within
text: her reach. She closes in when --
text: A CRASH comes from the foyer.
text: Jennifer freezes. Cornered. Finally losing it, she
text: backtracks down the hall. She spots an open doorway.
text: Moves to it. Peers into the darkness.
text: There’s a steep, wooden stairway that leads into the
text: basement. Jennifer contemplates entering. Contemplates
text: fainting.
text: She doesn’t see -- behind her -- another door opening --
text: just a crack at first -- and then swinging open wide -- a
text: blur of a figure lunging at her as --
text: Jennifer turns. Sees the masked face. Puts up her hands
text: to block the blow. Impact! The gun goes flying. So do
text: Jennifer and the cherub, falling backward through the
text: basement door and into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT STAIRCASE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: It’s a twisted, crashing jumble of limbs. Bodies fall
text: end over end. Hit the cement floor with a bone-crunching
dialog: smack.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Jennifer lies limp and facedown on top of the cherub.
text: She stirs, gets her bearings. Shivering, virtually
text: comatose, she drags her injured body toward the
text: staircase. Never taking her eyes off her attacker.
dialog: She reaches the first step when --
text: The cherub bolts upright.
text: Jennifer freezes.
text: BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM!
text: The BULLETS rip into the tuxedo shirt, drive the cherub
text: back and to the floor.
text: Adam stands halfway down the stairs. In his hand, the
text: smoking GUN. He rushes to Jennifer. Puts his arms
text: around her.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Jennifer nods. She’s slipping into shock.
scene_heading: ON BASEMENT FLOOR
text: The cherub is lifeless. Head cruelly twisted away from
text: them. Adam starts for the body.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Stay away from him!
text: Adam rips the mask off, revealing --
dialog: Dorothy.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: No!
text: Jennifer tries to crawl to her friend. Adam shields her
text: with an embrace.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Don’t look at her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: Adam’s on his cell phone. Stunned, overcome, Jennifer
text: sits nearby. Stares at her shaking hands.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: It’s at the top of the street. On
dialog: the right... Please, hurry.
text: He disconnects and slides next to Jennifer.
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: The police are on their way.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (in her own world)
dialog: I can’t believe it. She was
dialog: happier than I’ve ever seen her.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Shhh.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: She was my best friend.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I know.
text: Jennifer looks at herself. The blood stains. The
text: uncontrollable tremors. Now, the tears come. She buries
text: herself in Adam’s chest.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: But when you’re that lonely, that
dialog: unhappy, you learn to hide it.
dialog: Never disappears, though. It just
dialog: stays inside and eats away at you.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I loved her.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Sometimes that’s not enough.
text: She searches his eyes, and he smiles.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I know.
text: He pulls her close.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I’m so sorry. For the way I’ve
dialog: been. For how we’ve treated each
dialog: other --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Shhh. It’s over, sweetheart.
text: It’s over.
text: Her sobs are fierce. Adam smoothes her hair. Rubs her
text: back. Comforts her like the best boyfriend in the world.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Baby, it’s over.
text: His eyes are strong and steely. His arms hold her tight.
text: Jennifer never sees the trickle of blood, dripping from
text: his nose.
speaker_heading: THE END
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 
