speaker_heading: VALENTINE'S DAY
dialog: Written by
dialog: Katherine Fugate
dialog: Current Revisions by
dialog: Abby Kohn & Marc Silverstein
dialog: 2/18/9
dialog: Director: Garry Marshall
dialog: Producers: Mike Karz, Wayne Rice
dialog: Studio: New Line Cinema
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. FLOWER MART - DOWNTOWN L.A. - 4:30 A.M.
text: The sun isn’t even up yet, but a sea of Amazonian red roses
text: shine under the lights of the downtown flower mart.
text: More than 80 VENDORS begin their day, readying their stalls
text: at the downtown flower mart where Angelenos come to buy the
dialog: freshest, most extravagant flora in town. It's always
dialog: springtime here.
scene_heading: INT. REED BENNETT’S HOUSE - MID-WILSHIRE - 5 A.M.
text: REED BENNETT (late 20s) wakes up easily, naturally.
text: Handsome, rugged. Smile on his face, happy to be alive. He
text: looks at the clock beside him. 5 a.m. Softly, he turns his
text: head. MORLEY CLARKSON (late 20s), lays sound asleep beside
dialog: him.
text: Reed gets up. Pulls on pajama bottoms. Then reaches under
text: the bed, and pulls out a small box. Opens it. The perfect
text: engagement ring inside.
text: He sits on the bed, looking at her sleeping face. Softly
text: pulls her left hand out from under the pillow.
text: Reed now holds her naked left hand. When Morley wakes up.
text: Catches the scene. She starts to say something, but:
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I know you don’t like a big, mushy,
dialog: romantic scene. No skywriting. No
dialog: writing your name in flower petals.
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: REED (CONT'D)
dialog: Just you and me. Together. And
dialog: frankly, that’s all I want. That’s
dialog: all I need. I love you Morley.
dialog: Will you marry me?
text: He looks at her, expectantly. And breathes a sigh of relief
text: as she SMILES.
scene_heading: EXT. REED BENNETT’S HOUSE - 5:40 A.M.
text: Reed, now wearing a dark blue mechanics style jacket with the
text: words “Rita Flora” on the back, athletically barrels down the
text: stairs. Energy high. Excitement on his face.
text: He gets inside a DELIVERY VAN.
dialog: 2/18/9 2.
scene_heading: INT. RITA FLORA DELIVERY VAN - CONTINUOUS
text: Reed hops into the passenger side. ALPHONSO, 40s and from El
text: Salvador, is at the wheel. He looks at Reed, studying him.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: She said no. I knew it.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: I just mean -
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: She said yes.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: That’s great!
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Why would she say no?
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: I don’t know why I said that. I
dialog: prepare for the worst. Part of the
dialog: immigrant mentality. But - she
dialog: said yes!
text: Reed regains his enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: She said yes. She said YES. I’m
text: still trying to process. Morley is
dialog: actually going to marry me. I’m
dialog: getting married. And today I can
dialog: be the kind of cheeseball who tells
dialog: random people at the ATM about it
dialog: because it’s Valentine’s Day and
dialog: people are all about love today.
text: Alphonso pulls the VAN away, NEARLY HITTING A PASSING CAR.
speaker_heading: ROAD RAGER (V.O.)
dialog: WILL YOU USE YOUR FREAKING TURN
dialog: SIGNAL YOU FREAKING PANSY?
text: Alphonso turns to Reed, who smiles as they pull away.
scene_heading: INT. KTLA - 5:58 AM
text: The set of the KTLA news is a flurry activity as the morning
text: show is about to go on the air.
dialog: 2/18/9 3.
text: KELVIN, late 30s, African-American, walks briskly through the
text: set, holding a piece of paper.
text: He spots SUSAN, 50s, across the stage, and makes a bee-line
text: for her. As he approaches, he holds up the paper. He’s
text: clearly annoyed.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: What the hell is this?
text: Susan half-smiles, seeming to enjoy his frustration.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: That’s your assignment, Kelvin.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: My assignment? Since when do I get
dialog: assignments?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Since there’s nothing else going
dialog: on.
text: Susan turns and walks through the stage, Kelvin follows.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: I’m the sports anchor, Susan.
dialog: There’s always something going on.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: The Super Bowl was last week.
dialog: There are only two NBA games
dialog: tonight. No one gives a crap about
dialog: hockey. Like I said, there’s
dialog: nothing going on.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Actually I was working on something
dialog: big -
text: Susan stops, getting a little annoyed.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: What were you working on Kelvin?
dialog: Was another one of the Cincinnati
dialog: Bengals arrested? You got a tip on
dialog: another referee fixing basketball
dialog: games? Oooh - maybe you’ve got an
dialog: exclusive one on one with Michael
dialog: Vick’s dog trainer?
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Ummm - no -
dialog: 2/18/9 4.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: It’s Valentine’s Day. All I want
dialog: is your basic man on the street
dialog: remote about what this day means to
dialog: people. I want happy. I want
dialog: romance. I want love.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: And you should have that. But,
dialog: seriously Susan - I’m not the right
dialog: guy. I hate Valentine’s Day.
dialog: Least favorite holiday. It’s not
dialog: even a holiday, really, we don’t
dialog: get the day off. So we have to go
dialog: to work AND buy shit for people we
dialog: might not even know in two weeks?
dialog: No thanks.
dialog: Susan laughs -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Come on -
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: I’m serious. It’s the single man’s
dialog: worst nightmare. I shut down
dialog: dating from New Years Eve til
dialog: Presidents Day just to avoid the
dialog: whole thing. Saves me a lot of
text: cash and heartache.
text: Susan looks at him, almost sympathetically.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Well, be that as it may - you’re a
dialog: professional. I know you don’t
dialog: like soccer but you give those
dialog: Galaxy scores with a smile on your
dialog: face. You'll do fine.
text: She turns and leaves him standing there.
scene_heading: EXT. FLOWER MART - DOWNTOWN L.A. - 6:00 A.M.
text: Open for business and already crowded with wholesale BUYERS
text: readying for the busiest day of the year.
text: Rows and rows of commercial floral delivery vans.
text: Alphonso parks the van. Reed hops out. Behind him, two more
text: delivery vans bearing the RITA FLORA name park beside him.
text: Two LATINO DRIVERS stand outside, waiting for him.
dialog: 2/18/9 5.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: You three pick up all the roses
dialog: from Sam and load them in the
dialog: trucks. I have to find something
dialog: for Morley. Something spectacular.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - 6:00 A.M.
text: Jumbo jet. Long, overnight flight. All the passengers are
text: asleep, fervently lost in their individual dreams.
text: A FLIGHT ATTENDANT rubs her sleepy eyes. Gets up.
text: She pins a heart on her lapel: Happy Valentine’s Day.
text: Smacks it and it blinks red. She begins her hourly rounds.
text: Couple after couple asleep. Until she stops at one. A white
text: woman, KATE, (30s), in a military uniform, has fallen asleep
text: on the shoulder of HOLDEN, (30s) an African-American man.
text: He leans into her, comforted by her warmth.
text: The Flight Attendant pulls up the single blanket, wrapping
text: them both tighter into a cocoon.
scene_heading: EXT. FLOWER MART - VENDOR - 6:30 A.M.
text: As Reed walks the aisles empty-handed, he’s jostled by all
text: the other buyers, loaded down with fresh flowers.
text: Unperturbed by the rudeness, Reed keeps smiling, wishing all
dialog: the Vendors, by name, a good morning.
text: Finally, Reed finds a heavyset Italian ex-New Yorker with
text: coffee spilled down his shirt, GUISEPPE (50s).
text: Reed walks right behind the counter and smacks a kiss on
text: Guiseppe’s cheek.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Guiseppe. I need you.
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE
dialog: Great. But could you stand camera
dialog: right? You're blocking my good
dialog: angle.
text: Guiseppe points to a three-man CAMERA CREW shooting close-ups
text: of all the flowers. KELVIN, now wearing a suit, on-air make-
dialog: up, is quite debonair.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Morley said yes so I’m gonna need
dialog: something --
dialog: 2/18/9 6.
text: Guiseppe looks at him.
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE
dialog: She said yes?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Yes. What is the deal with you
dialog: guys? She wants to marry me - I
dialog: swear.
text: Guiseppe hugs him.
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE
dialog: That’s great news.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: But I can’t just give her roses
dialog: today. I need to find something
dialog: amazing.
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE
dialog: I think I have the perfect thing.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE
dialog: It’s in back.
speaker_heading: IN THE BACK
text: Guiseppe - followed by Reed - goes deep into the
text: refrigerator. Pulls out something in a LONG, BLACK CLOSED
dialog: BOX.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: What’s in it?
text: He starts to open it. But Guiseppe stops him with a loud
text: gruff.
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE
dialog: No! Don’t open it until it’s just
dialog: the right time.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: The right time?
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE
dialog: Just trust me, Reed. I had this
text: handpicked and flown over from
dialog: Thailand, just in case you needed
dialog: magic.
dialog: 2/18/9
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE
dialog: Well, also, Damon Wayans shops here
dialog: and I thought he might like it -
dialog: but you got here first.
text: Reed delicately takes the box.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Thank you, Guiseppe. You're the
dialog: best.
speaker_heading: BACK OUT FRONT
text: Reed, with the black box, and Guiseppe return.
dialog: Kelvin
text: approaches, smiles politely at Reed, then says to Guiseppe:
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Sir? If we can just get a few
dialog: words from you on camera, then
dialog: we'll be done.
text: Kelvin turns to the camera crew. They start rolling.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: (into mic)
dialog: We're here at the downtown Flower
dialog: Mart in Los Angeles with wholesale
dialog: dealer Guiseppe Carletti, where
dialog: Valentine’s Day starts at three
dialog: a.m. Guiseppe, on average, how
dialog: Many red roses are sold on
dialog: Valentine’s Day?
text: Guiseppe is staring into the camera. Reed nudges him.
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE
dialog: The Captain and Tennille were
dialog: married on Valentine’s Day.
text: Used to non-sequitur camera shock, Kelvin tries again.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Approximately 110 million red roses
dialog: are sold in America on Valentine’s
dialog: Day, am I right?
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE
dialog: So were Meg Ryan and Dennis Quaid,
dialog: but that didn’t end so well. Never
dialog: understood why. She’s hot, that
dialog: Meg Ryan.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 2/18/9 8.
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE (cont'd)
dialog: I wouldn't mind delivering her
dialog: flowers, if-you-know-what-I-mean.
text: Guiseppe nods suggestively to camera. Reed steps in,
dialog: protective.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: 110 million. That’s correct,
dialog: Kelvin. And California produces
dialog: about sixty percent of them.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: And your name, sir?
text: Reed smiles easily into the camera.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Reed Bennett. Owner of Rita Flora
dialog: on La Brea and Sixth.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Ah, as a florist, you must hear
dialog: quite a few stories on Valentine’s
dialog: Day. Do you believe in love?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Hell, yes. Love is still the most
dialog: shocking act left on the planet.
text: Reed smiles. Electric. Kelvin knows a sound bite when he
text: hears it. Smiles in the camera:
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Back to you, Cynthia.
text: Signals the end. The camera turns off.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE REED
dialog: Of course. You're welcome.
text: Follow Kelvin as he moves off with his crew:
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: That’s a start. Now, where else do
dialog: they keep the deluded people?
text: The guys walk off.
text: Guiseppe and Reed watch them go. Guiseppe, baffled, turns to
dialog: Reed:
dialog: 2/18/9 9.
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE
dialog: Did I just tell the news that I
dialog: wanted to give it to Meg Ryan?
scene_heading: INT. DR. HARRISON COPELAND'S CONDO - MORNING
text: On JULIA PERSINGER (late 20s), beautiful, quirky, sitting up
text: in bed, smiling as she watches:
scene_heading: DR. HARRISON COPELAND (40s, distinguished), a Reproductive
text: Endocrinologist (fertility expert) put on his tie.
text: The TV SET is on in the background.
text: Beat, as Harrison turns and takes her in. He clearly loves
text: her. She catches him looking at her, smiles.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Don’t leave today.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: I told you yesterday, I have to fly
dialog: up to San Francisco.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: But it’s Valentine’s Day.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: I know. And your face was the
dialog: first thing I wanted to see this
dialog: morning. But I have two in vitros
dialog: at the clinic today. You can’t
dialog: tell follicles when to burst.
text: She moves around the condo now. Blacks and greys. Very
text: male. As Julia reaches for her clothes, sexy red lingerie:
speaker_heading: HARRISON (CONT’D)
dialog: What about you? Are you really
dialog: going to that dinner tonight?
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I don’t know. It technically is
dialog: only for single people. But since
dialog: you’re gonna be gone I’ve got
dialog: nothing else to do. And it’s
dialog: really important to Kara. It’sa
dialog: tradition.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: You don’t really hate Valentine's
dialog: Day, do you?
dialog: 2/18/9 10.
text: Julia is now a whirl, getting dressed. Shoes flying, skirt
text: pulled on. Tugging a brush through her hair. Trying to
text: catch up and get ready to leave when he leaves.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: A recently divorced, handsome
dialog: doctor such as yourself doesn’t
dialog: know what it’s like to be single.
dialog: But for us unhitched gals, well, it
dialog: sucks. It’s like some sort of
dialog: cosmic bitch-slap for singlefolk.
dialog: The Universe saying, “Hey you!
dialog: Remember what it felt like when
dialog: you still had braces and cystic
dialog: acne and no one wanted to ask you
dialog: to winter formal? Well, nothing’s
dialog: changed!”
text: Harrison smiles.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: I would take you to winter formal.
dialog: And I definitely would have
dialog: prescribed you some Retin A for the
dialog: skin.
text: She smiles back at him, but her attention is pulled to the TV
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: REED (0.C., ON TV)
dialog: ..-Love is still the most shocking
dialog: act left on the planet.
text: Julia smiles big.
speaker_heading: KELVIN (ON TV)
dialog: ...Thank you, Reed Bennett of
dialog: Rita Flora.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I love that place. They have the
dialog: most beautiful flowers.
text: Harrison takes this in. Smiles at the joy on her face.
scene_heading: EXT. LARCHMONT BLVD - MORNING
text: THREE HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS, all wearing the standard Marlborough
text: uniform, burst out of Starbucks on Larchmont, full of
text: adolescent energy. They sip their chai lattes as they amble
text: down the street.
scene_heading: HIGH SCHOOL GIRL #1
dialog: Flowers make me sad.
dialog: 2/18/9 11.
scene_heading: HIGH SCHOOL GIRL #2
dialog: I know. They die.
scene_heading: HIGH SCHOOL GIRL #1
dialog: Right? What kind of gift is that?
scene_heading: HIGH SCHOOL GIRL #2
dialog: One that’s trying to send a
dialog: message. Everything dies. Get
dialog: used to it.
text: As the girls continue to talk, we close in on JANICE (18) who
text: lags behind them, looking at her PHONE.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON: THE PHONE
text: She has ONE NEW TEXT. From someone named ALEX. It reads:
dialog: “TODAY IS THE DAY!"
text: She SMILES, somewhat shyly, as she reads this, then begins to
dialog: type her response.
scene_heading: EXT. LOYOLA HIGH SCHOOL - LACROSSE FIELD - MORNING
text: The Loyola High School boys lacrosse practice is winding
text: down. ALEX, 18, still in uniform, with helmet off, stands on
text: the sideline watching the second string run some drills.
text: His PHONE, which sits in his helmet on the ground, BUZZES.
text: He picks it up, reads the return text from JANICE:
dialog: 
dialog: “YES!
dialog: ye
text: He smiles in anticipation.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: A 1940s four-plex on Spaulding. The typical just-moved-to-
text: L.A.-in-your-20s crash pad.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - SAME
dialog: These apartments all have the same floor plan - all of the
text: rooms off of a long, narrow hallway. In one of the bedrooms
text: we find JASON and LIZ (both mid 20s) curled up under a sheet.
text: The decor says 25 year old messy guy.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Hello.
text: Liz smiles shyly at him.
dialog: 2/18/9 12.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I’m used to seeing you every
dialog: morning -- but not exactly like
dialog: this.
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Would you prefer I were naked and
dialog: wrapped in a sheet when you drop
dialog: packages at my desk?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: As a matter of fact, I would. I
dialog: don’t think that would be breaking
dialog: any kind of office regulations.
text: He puts his arms around her, and they start to kiss
text: passionately.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: This, however, might start to draw
dialog: attention...
text: Jason laughs.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: How is it possible that we didn’t
dialog: start hanging out until three weeks
dialog: ago?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I don’t know. Maybe you were
text: scoping out some of the other
dialog: assistants...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I don’t think so.
text: They kiss again. They are all smiles, as Liz glances at the
dialog: clock.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: So, I guess I better get going
dialog: soon...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Uh, OK. Great.
text: She hesitates for a moment, waiting for something.
dialog: 2/18/9 13.
speaker_heading: LIZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Well... OK... I guess I’1l just see
dialog: you there...
text: She hesitates again, looking at Jason. He looks back at her.
text: Again - she’s waiting for something. He’s clearly not sure
text: what. And whatever it is doesn’t come. She finally gets up.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: Liz drives a little Hyundai - pulls up to a stoplight on
dialog: Beverly Blvd.
text: Liz looks out the window - and sees Jason, on his Vespa,
text: waving to her. She gives him a thin lipped smile.
text: He motions for her to roll down her window. She does.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Hi.
text: Jason smiles again at Liz. She forces a smile back. It’s
text: awkward as they wait for the light. It FINALLY turns green.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Bye!
text: They mercifully pull away.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - BACK YARD - MORNING
text: French doors open into the backyard. ESTELLE (70s), her
text: flaxen white hair, pale skin and full lips telling the story
text: of a once great beauty, is still sleeping in the bed.
text: EDGAR (70s), a tall old-fashioned gentleman in a sweater with
text: arm patches, walks slowly through the overgrown English
text: garden, cutting flowers with a pair of garden shears.
scene_heading: INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Edgar places the flowers, now in a drinking glass, with a box
text: of Chanel No. 5 perfume on the nightstand beside his sleeping
dialog: wife.
text: He kisses her on the forehead, waking her gently. She stirs,
text: smiles at the man she’s been married to for 51 years. Sees
text: the flowers and perfume.
dialog: 2/18/9 14.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: Edgar, we said we weren't going to
dialog: celebrate Valentine’s Day anymore.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I lied.
text: Estelle reaches under her pillow. Pulls out a brand new
text: pipe, wrapped in a red ribbon. Hands it to him.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: So did I.
scene_heading: INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - MORNING
text: EDISON (10) sits at the kitchen table. A multi-pack of kids’
text: mini-boxes of cereal sits in front of him next to an empty
dialog: cereal bowl.
text: The kitchen TV is on in the background. Edison takes his
text: eyes off the TV and looks down at the store-bought box of
text: VALENTINES laid out in front of him. He finds the biggest.
text: He signs it, “I love you. Edison.” On the outside, he draws
text: a simple heart and sets it apart from the others.
scene_heading: DOWN THE HALLWAY
text: Edgar and Estelle walk, both dressed now. She in her
text: lipstick. He with slicked hair. Both adhering to the old
text: ways of being “dressed” for the breakfast table. She leans
text: into him. He links her arm into his.
text: They stop in the doorway, watching Edison write out his
text: Valentines. A sadness passes over Estelle.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
text: The boy misses his mother. Every
dialog: year, she was his Valentine.
text: Edgar looks at her, sympathetic.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: We're doing the best we can.
text: Together, they enter the kitchen. Loving smiles now.
scene_heading: IN THE KITCHEN
text: Where Edison refers to his class list and starts addressing
text: the rest when Edgar and Estelle walk in. They both kiss
text: their grandson, when Estelle notices the empty cereal bowl.
dialog: 2/18/9 15.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: What about your breakfast, Edison?
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Not hungry. I’m in love.
scene_heading: EXT. MALIBU BEACH - MORNING
text: Running down the beach fluidly is SEAN JACKSON, 35, clearly
text: an athlete who’s stride leaves not an ounce of wasted motion.
text: He approaches a massive HOUSE right on the beach, runs up the
text: deck stairs and into the house.
scene_heading: INT. MALIBU BEACH HOUSE - MASTER BATHROOM - LATER
text: Sean, just out of the shower, enters the impressive bathroom
text: in a towel. He grabs his toothbrush, begins to brush his
text: teeth. Looks to his right at the other sink of the two sink
text: vanity. It’s devoid of any personal items except for ONE
text: TOOTHBRUSH sitting in a cup.
text: Sean stares at it. Finally he grabs the lone toothbrush and
text: tosses it into the trash can at his feet. Continues brushing
text: his teeth.
scene_heading: INT. MALIBU BEACH HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Sean, now dressed, enters from the kitchen holding a protein
text: type shake. The TV is tuned to ESPN - the morning edition of
dialog: Sportscenter.
text: ON THE TV - The ANCHOR sits at the familiar Sportscenter
text: desk, with a graphic of SEAN OVER HIS RIGHT SHOULDER.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
dialog: With the NFL season officially
dialog: over, the only lingering question
dialog: is - what will Sean Jackson do?
text: IN THE HOUSE - This clearly gets Sean’s attention. He sits
text: on his couch, watches.
dialog: ON THE TV - The anchor continues:
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (CONT’D)
dialog: A devastating loss in the Super
dialog: Bowl last week leaves his future
text: with the Chargers in question.
text: Over FOOTAGE OF SEAN, AT QB, VARIOUS HIGHLIGHT PLAYS.
dialog: 2/18/9 16.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (V.O.) (CONT’D)
text: His contract is up, and at 35, he’s
dialog: not getting any younger. Do the
dialog: Chargers want him back? If not,
dialog: will he test the waters of free
dialog: agency? Or will he make this
dialog: easier on everyone and just retire?
text: IN THE HOUSE - As Sean watches, that last line hits him hard.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: We expect an answer to all these
dialog: questions and more over the next
dialog: few days...
text: Sean flips the TV off, not happy. He picks up the PHONE,
text: dials.
scene_heading: INT. OUTPOST HOME - MORNING
text: A spare modern home up Outpost. From overhead we find KARA,
text: 37, sleeping alone in perhaps the largest bed available for
text: purchase. She looks like a 2 year old on a normal size bed.
text: The PHONE RINGS, startling her awake. She crawls across the
text: bed to her nightstand and hits the SPEAKER BUTTON ON HER
speaker_heading: PHONE.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: SEAN (ON SPEAKER)
dialog: Kara - it’s Sean.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Hey. What’s going on?
text: Kara sits up. She leans over and grabs her LAPTOP from the
text: nightstand, opens it up.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH EXT. MALIBU BEACH HOUSE - SAME
text: Sean now stands on his deck overlooking the ocean.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Can’t you stop these assholes on
dialog: ESPN from talking shit about me?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Um, no, not really. I'ma
dialog: publicist Sean, not a dictator.
text: Sean’s pacing his deck, thinking. Kara types away on her
dialog: laptop.
dialog: 2/18/9 17.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: OK. Then I need to make a
dialog: decision. I can’t take this
dialog: anymore. Are you free today?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Yeah, pretty much.
text: Kara keeps typing, half-engaged in the conversation.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: I can hear you typing. Are you
dialog: checking your email while we're
dialog: talking?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: No. I’m checking my Evite.
text: Sean actually cracks a smile.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Oh right. Your “I Hate Valentine’s
dialog: Day Dinner”. You still do that?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: It’s a tradition. Me and all my
dialog: friends get together and share our
text: mutual disdain for the holiday.
dialog: It’s fun.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: It sounds fun.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: No it doesn’t.
speaker_heading: SEAN
text: It sounds like a nightmare.
text: Kara laughs.
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Expecting a big turnout?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I‘11 tell you in a second.
text: Kara punches in the Evite address. The site comes up.
text: ON THE SCREEN - We see Kara’s nicely designed Evite - the
text: title “I HATE VALENTINE’S DAY DINNER” scrolling across the
dialog: top.
dialog: 2/18/9 18.
text: We move to the NUMBER OF ATTENDEES LINE. The number
dialog: following it - 0.
text: WITH KARA - As she squints her eyes, not sure she’s reading
text: it right. She stares in shocked silence.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I gotta call you back.
text: Kara, slams her computer shut, hits the speaker button on her
text: nightstand again, hops out of bed quickly.
text: She grabs her CELL PHONE out of her purse, dials.
scene_heading: INT. RITA FLORA - LA BREA AVENUE - MORNING
text: La Brea Avenue. Reed has turned a typical floral shop into a
text: hip coffee spot, selling muffins and coffee to go. Fresh
text: flowers on every bistro table. The place is PACKED.
text: Long lines of CUSTOMERS buying flowers from an already tired
text: STAFF. Reed is deftly managing the lines at the very busy
text: coffee counter. He hands coffee and muffins to A COUPLE.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Here you go. I gave you two banana
dialog: nut for the price of one -- little
dialog: engagement special.
text: They couple SMILES as they take their goods.
speaker_heading: REED (CONT'D)
dialog: Who’s up next? In honor of
dialog: Valentine’s day - and my engagement
dialog: - a good proposal story means a
dialog: free specialty drink.
text: He is obviously skilled at entertaining the crowd. As he
text: goes to steam another latte - MORLEY walks in. As soon as
text: the staff-members see her -- they BURST INTO APPLAUSE. Reed
text: turns to see her and joins in the cheering.
speaker_heading: REED (CONT'D)
dialog: The future Mrs. Bennett, ladies and
dialog: gentlemen.
speaker_heading: STAFF MEMBER
dialog: We're so happy for you two!!
text: As they clap and congratulate her, she smiles very
dialog: uncomfortably.
dialog: 2/18/9
dialog: She looks
dialog: He kisses
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: I wasn’t really expecting this...
text: pleadingly at Reed.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Morley really does not like people
text: making a fuss over her -
dialog: her -
speaker_heading: REED (CONT'D)
dialog: So I just thought we'd carry her on
text: our shoulders around the store like
dialog: one time - two times tops -
text: They laugh.
speaker_heading: REED (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm kidding.
text: (handing his apron to a
dialog: clerk)
dialog: Can you take over for me for a
dialog: minute?
text: He ushers Morley into the back.
speaker_heading: REED (CONT'D)
dialog: Nice to see you. Fiance. That
dialog: word is weird, right? Have you
dialog: said it yet?
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: So, did you just come by to bask in
dialog: the glow of our fiance-ness? Try
dialog: saying it once--
text: She reaches into her purse -
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: You actually just left your cell
text: phone charging on the kitchen
dialog: counter - so I thought I’d drop it
dialog: off.
text: She goes to hand him the phone with her LEFT HAND.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: That was sweet. Thanks.
dialog: 2/18/9 20.
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: Of course. I know you need it when
dialog: you're making deliveries.
text: Redd looks at her hand. NO RING. She looks up - sees the
dialog: hurt in this face.
speaker_heading: MORLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t be upset. It’s a beautiful
dialog: ring. Beautiful. It’s just - so
text: big. And sparkly.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: That’s bad?
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: It’s just - a lot. I mean for work
dialog: and stuff.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: You know how women get - they see
dialog: the ring - and then next thing you
dialog: know you’re giving the whole
dialog: engagement story to a complete
dialog: stranger. Who wants that?
text: Morley looks up at Reed - who is suppressing a smile.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I don’t know - that sounds kind of
dialog: nice. Maybe I should wear the
dialog: ring?
text: She LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: I’ve always wondered why men don’t
dialog: have to wear engagement rings.
dialog: They’re engaged, too.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Good point. I feel slighted.
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: You are welcome to try mine. If
dialog: you can pull of an emerald cut
dialog: diamond with pave band - you are
dialog: more of a man than I even thought.
text: He laughs, and kisses her.
dialog: 2/18/9 21.
speaker_heading: MORLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, I should let you get back to
dialog: the masses out there.
text: Morley turns to go, and is wrapped into a BEAR HUG by
dialog: Alphonso.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: Thank you.
text: He kisses her on the cheek.
speaker_heading: MORLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh. Thanks.
text: And on the other cheek.
speaker_heading: MORLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. I should probably get going.
speaker_heading: ALOOFNESS
dialog: I am so happy for you guys.
text: She smiles as he pulls away. Reed laughs.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: See you at home. Fiance.
text: She takes off.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - MORNING
text: Kate wakes up, startled to find herself wrapped in someone
text: else’s arms. She jerks up, immediately alert and contained.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Excuse me, sir.
text: Holden’s awake, and has been for over an hour.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: It’s just a shoulder. Ona
dialog: fourteen-hour flight, it’s the
dialog: least I could do.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: You should have moved me. I
dialog: apologize for the inconvenience.
text: Kate adjusts her uniform, puts herself back together.
dialog: 2/18/9 22.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Are you on active duty?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Loved one in Los Angeles?
text: Kate doesn’t answer. Doesn’t like the personal questions.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: I’m sure he’1ll be happy to see you.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: I hope so. I’ve been on duty for
dialog: two years now.
text: Holden smiles.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Will you be staying long?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: I only have 24 hours leave in Los
dialog: Angeles.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Ah, so you’re a romantic.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Fourteen hours to and from Iraq for
dialog: one night with your husband? I'd
dialog: call that romantic.
text: She doesn’t know how to take that. So she says nothing.
scene_heading: INT. JULIA'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: A two-bedroom Art Deco apartment on Sycamore, one block from
text: La Brea. Warm, inviting.
text: Julia, just out of the shower, walks through her living room
text: in a towel. She grabs her phone, sees she has a message.
text: She puts it on speaker:
speaker_heading: KARA (ON SPEAKER)
dialog: Hey, Julia, it’s Kara. So, I’m
dialog: freaking out a bit. I’m really
dialog: hoping you're coming to my dinner
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 2/18/9 23.
speaker_heading: KARA (ON SPEAKER) (cont'd)
dialog: It’s turning out to be a little -
dialog: smaller - than I had hoped. OK.
dialog: Call me.
text: Julia deletes the message. She thinks about it, picks up the
text: phone and dials.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Harrison? Where are you?
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY - MORNING
text: From inside his convertible Porsche, Harrison answers.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I can’t talk now, honey. I’m about
dialog: to pull into LAX. I’11 call you
dialog: when I land.
text: He hangs up. Then pulls up to the MALIBU COLONY GATES. His
text: face pained at the lie.
scene_heading: INT. COPELAND HOUSE - KITCHEN - MORNING
text: Harrison walks in, carrying his daughter OLIVIA (10) on his
text: shoulders, to find ALEXANDRA (40s), pouring orange juice.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Daddy was up all night delivering
dialog: TWINS! Two babies from the same
dialog: mommy .
text: He puts Olivia down, walks over to his wife. Kisses her.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: Sorry it took so long. We didn’t
dialog: deliver until almost four, so I
dialog: slept at the condo.
text: She smiles, used to it.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDRA
dialog: How'd the delivery go?
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: Good. All things considered.
text: Olivia picks up a LARGE VALENTINE. Hands it to him.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: This is for you.
dialog: 2/18/9 24.
text: He opens it. The childish pencil writing of, “I love you.
text: Olivia.” He looks at her, looks at his wife. Then suddenly,
text: breaks. A few tears. No warning. Then he shrugs it off.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Don’t you like it, Daddy?
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: Of course I do. Daddy’s just
dialog: tired, that’s all.
text: He walks over to Alexandra. Kisses her deeply.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDRA
dialog: What was that for?
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: Nothing. I’11l see you tonight.
scene_heading: INT. TATTOO PARLOR - SUNSET STRIP - MORNING
text: Kelvin and his crew shoot close on a tattoo on a burly arm.
text: Half a woman’s name -- ELIZAB -- still shows. As the TATTOO
dialog: ARTIST is completing the “eth” he says:
speaker_heading: TATTOO ARTIST
dialog: (as he works)
dialog: All day. Names on shoulders,
text: hearts on ass cracks.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: So it’s busy?
speaker_heading: TATTOO ARTIST
dialog: Busiest day of the year. And it’s
text: the gift that keeps on giving.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Why is that?
speaker_heading: TATTOO ARTIST
dialog: Because I take off more names than
dialog: I put on. You know why? Because---
text: He stops his work, points to tattoo on his arm: LOVE IS
speaker_heading: PISS.
speaker_heading: TATTOO ARTIST
dialog: That used to say Lucille.
text: Kelvin looks at his CREW. Makes the “cut” sign.
dialog: 2/18/9 25.
scene_heading: INT. RITA FLORA - LA BREA AVENUE - MORNING
text: Julia enters Rita Flora, smiles when she sees Reed behind the
text: counter. She sidles up to him.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I saw you on TV this morning.
dialog: “Love is the most shocking act left
dialog: on the planet.” That should be on a
text: bumper sticker.
text: But she smiles, teasing. He goes to the espresso machine,
text: starts making Julia’s coffee himself. He hands her the
text: coffee. Refuses her money.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Happy Valentine’s Day.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Thank you - but don’t try to
dialog: deflect. How did it go?
text: Reed peeks up at the line - growing longer by the second.
text: But can’t resist Julia’s expectant face. He turns to a
speaker_heading: CLERK:
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Henry, you got this?
text: HENRY nods. Reed steps aside, to talk to Julia more
text: privately. Before he can start, she looks at his face.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Oh, shit...
text: Reed looks at her.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Does anyone have any confidence in
dialog: me? She said yes.
text: Julia smiles big and HUGS him.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Yay! That’s amazing. How much did
dialog: she love that ring?
text: He hedges. Not wanting to disappoint her.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: She thought it was a beautiful
dialog: ring, just not the right ring.
text: Julia bites her lip, instantly sensitive for him.
dialog: 2/18/9
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: It just wasn’t her speed. It’s
dialog: fine.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I guess. But I feel like if
dialog: Harrison and I ever got engaged or
dialog: anything, I’d be happy with a cigar
dialog: band.
text: Reed looks a little taken aback.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Wow. Things are going well with
dialog: him, then?
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Yeah. He had to go to San
dialog: Francisco today. I was thinking of
dialog: surprising him. You know, fly up
dialog: there and rock his world on the
dialog: Golden Gate Bridge. Too much?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Really? So if a girl did that for
dialog: you, you wouldn’t be freaked out?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: No. I love spontaneity.
text: Julia considers this, then smiles.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: That’s true. I remember in college
dialog: you made me drive around all night
dialog: with you looking for the perfect
dialog: donut. That was spontaneous.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: And sickening. Humans are not
dialog: meant to ingest that much fried
dialog: dough.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: No they’re not.
text: Reed smiles. ALPHONSO interrupts them.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: No mas raffia, boss.
dialog: 2/18/9 27.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Take the flight, Julia.
dialog: Valentine’s Day is like New Year's
dialog: Eve. You don’t think, you just go
dialog: for it.
text: He smiles, and leaves her thinking.
scene_heading: INT. CAA - MAILROOM - DAY
text: In the bowels of the agency, Jason, and his buddy, DANNY,
text: sort a gargantuan pile of mail.
dialog: These aren't just any mailroom guys - these guys are good
text: looking, dressed well, agents in the making.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She wouldn’t even give you a ride
dialog: in to work?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No, she would. She just thinks
dialog: it’s better to keep it discreet,
dialog: you know?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: So why are you telling me?
text: He has a good point, but before Jason can respond, JED, a
text: third mailroom guy enters, carrying TWO GIANT FLOWER
scene_heading: ARRANGEMENTS.
speaker_heading: JED
dialog: Dude, I hate Valentine’s Day. Why
dialog: can’t these pansy guys just go
dialog: upstairs and deliver their flowers
dialog: to their girlfriends themselves?
text: Jason looks confused - and a little horrified.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Wait - what?
speaker_heading: JED
dialog: These guys just drop the stuff of
dialog: at the curb - they don’t want to
dialog: take the time to -
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No - wait - it’s Valentine’s Day?
dialog: But it’s Monday. I thought it was
dialog: always on a Thursday.
dialog: 2/18/9 28.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Dude, that’s Thanksgiving.
speaker_heading: JED
dialog: You're 25. You’ve thought that for
dialog: 25 years? That’s really weird.
text: Jason looks a little panicked.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Shit. I didn’t even say Happy
dialog: Valentine’s Day.
text: Danny and Jed start to laugh.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And you have nothing planned?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No. But we’ve only been together a
dialog: couple of weeks. Maybe she doesn’t
dialog: expect anything.
text: Jed and Danny share a look.
speaker_heading: JED
dialog: You're screwed.
text: Off Jason, not liking the sound of that.
scene_heading: INT. CAA - DAY
text: Liz sits at her tiny, neat assistant’s desk. She taps away
text: at her computer when ERIN, her boss, approaches. Liz tenses.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Can I see the phone sheet?
text: Liz hands it to her.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I still haven't heard back from
dialog: Dominic about the conference call.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: I talked to him. He’s in London.
dialog: He wants to do the call tomorrow
dialog: morning.
text: Erin starts to walk into her office.
speaker_heading: ERIN (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s tomorrow morning London
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 2/18/9 29.
speaker_heading: ERIN (CONT'D)
dialog: So, I need you to be here tonight
dialog: to patch it through. As long as
dialog: you're here by about 10 tonight it
dialog: should be fine.
text: Erin waits by the door to her office, waiting for an answer.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Tonight?
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Yeah. We’ve been trying to make
dialog: this happen for weeks, so we really
dialog: can’t wait any longer. You don’t
dialog: have plans tonight, do you?
text: Liz hesitates momentarily, and then smiles at her boss - the
dialog: picture of efficiency.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: No. No plans. I1’11 be here.
text: Erin nods, and heads back into her office. The phone rings.
text: Liz dutifully picks up.
scene_heading: INT. CHEVROLET - MORNING
text: Edgar drives his grandson Edison to school. Edison holds his
text: Valentines firmly in his lap. The biggest one -- with the
text: single red heart on the envelope -- is on top.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tell me the story about the
dialog: postbox.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I’ve told you that before.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: I know. It just makes more sense
dialog: now that I’m in love.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I was nineteen. Your grandma was
dialog: eighteen. I was an architect. I
text: worked in the front office with a
dialog: big window. Your grandma would
dialog: come out every morning and post the
dialog: mail. Then she’d sneak a smoke.
text: Edison puts his hand over his heart.
dialog: 2/18/9 30.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Smoking is bad, I know. I solemnly
dialog: swear never to smoke. Go on.
text: Edgar can’t help but smile.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I thought she was the prettiest
dialog: girl I’d ever seen, so I got up my
text: courage and waited by the postbox
dialog: to say hello.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Only you didn’t say a word because
dialog: you were afraid.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: That’s right. So she pushed me
dialog: aside, and said, “Move, big fella.”
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: But you kept coming back every day
dialog: until she agreed to go out with
dialog: you.
text: Edison looks at him, very seriously. Digesting it all. Edgar
text: pulls the car over in front of Rita Flora.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: You don’t have to come in. I can
dialog: do this myself.
text: He’s out of the car, heavy backpack bobbing behind him.
scene_heading: INT. RITA FLORA - LA BREA AVENUE - MORNING
text: Edison, a long line behind him, finally reaches Reed at the
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: I want to send a dozen red roses to
dialog: the best girl at my school.
text: Edison drops a stack of wrinkled dollar bills on the counter.
text: Reed picks up the money. Counts it.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Thirteen dollars.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: You can have all of it. Crescent
dialog: Elementary. You can MapQuest it.
text: He hands him the Valentine with the heart on the envelope.
dialog: 2/18/9 31.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: 5th period - like between 1 and 2pm
dialog: - would be ideal. Just hand me the
dialog: flowers when you get there. I’11
dialog: take care of the rest.
text: Reed takes the Valentine. Looks at Edison’s very serious,
text: very in love face. Makes a decision.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: You got it.
scene_heading: INT. MARLBOROUGH SCHOOL - DAY
text: Janice sits in a classroom with about 10 other girls, all
text: focused on the teacher, MS. GILROY (27, fragile), who is
text: wrapping up class.
scene_heading: MS. GILROY
dialog: Remember girls, registration for
dialog: the AP exam must be in by next
dialog: week, so don’t flake. Promise me.
dialog: This class is way too hard to take
dialog: just for fun.
text: The BELL RINGS and the girls swiftly pack up their things and
text: begin to head out. Ms. Gilroy stops Janice as she leaves.
speaker_heading: MS. GILROY (CONT’D)
dialog: That last comment wasn’t directed
dialog: at you. I just realized it could
dialog: have sounded that way.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: That’s fine. I didn’t take it that
dialog: way.
scene_heading: MS. GILROY
dialog: OK. Even though, since you’ve
dialog: already taken the AP test, you are
dialog: kind of taking this class for fun.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I take all my classes for fun Ms.
dialog: Gilroy.
dialog: Ms. Gilroy doesn’t know how to deal with this weird alien
dialog: child.
dialog: 2/18/9
scene_heading: MS. GILROY
dialog: Right. Anyway, I’m putting
dialog: together a little study group for
dialog: the girls and I was wondering if I
dialog: could pick your brain at some point
dialog: about what I should focus on. You
dialog: know, since you’ve recently taken
dialog: the test. And I - never did.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Sure - of course.
scene_heading: MS. GILROY
dialog: Great. How about today after
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Oh, I can’t. I nanny after school.
scene_heading: MS. GILROY
dialog: OK. Tomorrow morning?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I teach yoga before school on
dialog: Wednesdays and Fridays. You should
dialog: come. I think it would be helpful.
text: Ms. Gilroy isn’t sure how to take that.
scene_heading: MS. GILROY
dialog: I‘1l consider that. I’m guessing
dialog: evenings are out of the question?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Yeah, I take a few classes at UCLA.
scene_heading: MS. GILROY
dialog: Alright then. Wow you’re busy.
dialog: How about today at lunch?
text: Janice smiles.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Normally that would work - but
dialog: today I’m going to have sex with my
dialog: boyfriend for the first time - or,
dialog: I mean, to be accurate, I’m going
dialog: to have sex for the first time, he
dialog: will be too, so -
text: Ms. Gilroy’s face freezes.
scene_heading: MS. GILROY
dialog: Umm. OK. Uh -
dialog: 32.
dialog: 2/18/9 33.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Yeah. It’s Valentine’s Day. And
dialog: my parents work during the day. So
dialog: it’s really the only time it can
dialog: happen.
text: Ms. Gilroy is now speechless. She begins shuffling papers on
dialog: her desk.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT'D)
dialog: But tomorrow at lunch I’m free.
scene_heading: MS. GILROY
dialog: (wanting this to end)
dialog: Great!
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Great. I’1l see you then. So
dialog: excited.
text: Janice hustles out, leaving Ms. Gilroy dumbfounded.
scene_heading: INT. CAA - DAY
text: Sean walks into the CAA building, heads for the RECEPTIONIST.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Sean Jackson here for Drew Goss.
text: The receptionist nods, dials a few numbers.
text: As Sean waits, JASON comes walking by, wheeling his cart of
text: packages and mail. He drops some mail off at the front desk.
text: He nods at Sean (who he clearly recognizes), Sean nods back.
text: As he passes, Jason breaks out in a big smile.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: (to Sean)
dialog: They'll be right down.
scene_heading: INT. CAA - AGENT'S OFFICE - SAME
text: Sean and Kara sit across from DREW, Sean’s 28 year old
dialog: superagent.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: So the Chargers have - passed.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: They've decided not to pursue
dialog: resigning you.
dialog: 2/18/9 34.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I’m working on a press release
dialog: saying it was a mutual parting.
text: Sean looks at them both, head spinning.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: OK. But - why? We got to the
dialog: Super Bowl. I was second team All-
dialog: Pro -
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: They wanna go in a different
dialog: direction. They’ve got their
dialog: sights set on that kid from Alabama-
text: Sean rubs his head, thinking.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Whatever - I don’t...So - now what?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Now what? It’s simple. Now we
dialog: pick a different team. I’ve gotten
dialog: calls from the Bills, the Vikings -
text: Sean begins shaking his head.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Uh-uh. You're telling me I’ve got
dialog: to move? To Buffalo? Are you
dialog: insane? Me in Buffalo?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: OK - then we’ll pursue some other
dialog: teams -
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: It’s not that man, it’s just - I
dialog: don’t know. Maybe I’m done.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Absolutely not. And I’m not saying
dialog: this as an agent who makes money
dialog: off of you. I’m saying this as a
dialog: fan - you can still play.
text: Sean cracks a smile.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: I know I can. I know. But -
text: He turns to Kara.
dialog: 2/18/9
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Kara, you get it, right?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Drew - I know you’ve only been my
dialog: agent for a few years, so you might
dialog: not know - but this job has cost me
dialog: a lot. Relationships. I wanted to
dialog: be a father, man. But -
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: You can still do all that stuff and
dialog: play football Sean.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Not in this league you can’t. Not
dialog: if you want to do it right. It’s
dialog: too hard. Trust me.
text: Sean looks at them both.
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I need to think about this.
text: Sean gets up, heads out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. RITA FLORA - LA BREA AVENUE - MORNING
dialog: 35.
text: Reed and Alphonso are packing a delivery van with orders.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Do you think it should bum me out
dialog: she’s not wearing the ring? I
dialog: tried to go with simple and
dialog: classic, but I don’t think I nailed
dialog: it. It’s weird - I feel like I’m
dialog: always really trying to get it
dialog: right with her - and I always miss
text: the mark a little.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: No, I don’t think it should bum you
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: I think it should bum you out when
dialog: you stop trying.
dialog: 2/18/9 36.
text: They walk back into the store.
scene_heading: INT. RITA FLORA - LA BREA AVENUE - MORNING
text: Where Reed sees another long line. Harried staff taking
text: orders. He walks up behind the counter. Grabs another order
dialog: slip.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Next?
text: It’s Harrison. Only he’s walked around the line to the
dialog: front.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: May I speak to the manager?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I’m the owner.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: Perfect. I hate to pull this card -
dialog: but I’m a doctor and I need to get
dialog: back to the hospital - and I wanted
dialog: to take care of this order myself.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: No problem. Come over here and
dialog: I‘’1l write you up.
text: Reed walks him over to a side table.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: What can I do for you?
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: I need you to deliver two
dialog: arrangements for me. Two dozen red
dialog: roses for each -- lady. And I need
dialog: your discretion. Do you
dialog: understand?
text: This isn’t the first time Reed’s gotten an order like this.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: I appreciate that.
text: Harrison hands him two slips of paper.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: Here are the addresses.
dialog: 2/18/9 37.
text: Reed starts writing up the order. Then freezes.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Let me see if I am understanding
dialog: this correctly. This first order
dialog: is for Alexandra Copeland in
dialog: Malibu. That’s your wife?
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: And this second order is for Julia
dialog: Persinger at Crescent Elementary
dialog: school? Now, is Julia your
dialog: daughter?
text: Harrison is uncomfortable. Not a complete jerk.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: No. Now, look. I thought we had
text: an understanding.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: We do. I just wanted to make sure
dialog: we're understanding the same
dialog: understanding.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: We are.
text: He hands Reed a credit card. Reed takes it. Slides it
text: through the machine. Doing his best to conceal his anger.
scene_heading: INT. CRESCENT ELEMENTARY - JULIA’S CLASSROOM - MORNING
text: The room is full of 10 YEAR OLDS. Edison amongst them.
text: There are several girls behind him, most notably MADISON, a
text: very pretty blonde girl. Edison pays close attention to
text: Julia, at the head of the class.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Okay. Now we’re going to put all
dialog: our Valentines into the envelopes
dialog: we made yesterday.
text: She points to one wall, full of colored construction paper
text: envelopes with names on them.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: But before we do that, a little
dialog: history.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 2/18/9 38.
speaker_heading: JULIA (cont'd)
dialog: Back in Ancient Rome, Claudius the
dialog: Cruel banned all marriages because
dialog: he only wanted his soldiers to
dialog: believe in war. But a priest named
dialog: Valentine secretly married everyone
dialog: anyway because he believed in love.
dialog: But when Claudius the Cruel found
dialog: out, he arrested Valentine and
dialog: threw him into prison. Then, on
dialog: February 14th, the day Valentine
dialog: was to be execu --
text: Julia stops, looks at the young faces. Thinks better of it.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: -- Well, on February 14th,
dialog: Valentine sent a letter to his true
dialog: love and signed it, “Farewell.
dialog: From your Valentine.”
text: Edison throws up his hand.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: You were going to say executed!
dialog: Executed equals killed! They
dialog: killed Valentine because he married
dialog: people in love?
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: It seems so, Edison. But isn’t it
dialog: nice that every year people who
dialog: believe in love, like he did, send
dialog: Valentines in his honor?
text: Edison nods in agreement. Meanwhile, Madison turns to GWEN,
text: sitting behind her.
speaker_heading: MADISON
dialog: Did you bring the extras like I
dialog: told you?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Yes.
text: Madison picks through them, taking an especially gooey one.
dialog: She signs it: I love you, From Edison.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: I thought you liked Edison? You
text: put his initials on the bottom of
dialog: your shoe.
text: Madison looks at Edison’s back. His head bent over gently.
text: Her eyes narrow. Clearly, he’s done her wrong.
dialog: 2/18/9 39.
speaker_heading: MADISON
dialog: He didn’t like me back. I hate him.
text: Madison looks around the class. Lands on RANI, a shy Indian
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: MADISON
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Perfect.
text: She writes “Rani” on the envelope and slips the “I love you,
text: Edison” Valentine inside.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Okay. Start delivering your
dialog: Valentines. We’1ll open them after
dialog: lunch.
text: The class gets up. As Julia watches, the children drop
text: Valentines into the brightly colored envelopes on the walls.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNER OF MELROSE & HOBART - DAY
text: A CITY BUS pulls up to the corner and Alex hops out in his
text: Loyola school uniform. He holds a rather large duffel bag.
text: He checks his phone, which has a new text message from
text: Janice. It reads: ALMOST THERE!
text: Alex quickly takes off down the street.
scene_heading: EXT. MELROSE HILL HOUSE - DAY
text: Alex walks up the front lawn of a well-kept 1910 Craftsman.
text: He squats down in front of a LARGE POTTED PLANT on the porch
text: and fishes out the SPARE KEY.
text: He unlocks the door, replaces the key, and enters the house.
scene_heading: INT. MELROSE HILL HOUSE - DAY
text: Alex makes his way to Janice’s bedroom and starts unpacking
text: his bag.
text: He pulls out a bunch of CANDLES, quickly setting them up
text: around the bed. He pulls out a newly bought CANDLE WAND and
text: hastily opens it, lighting all the candles as fast as he can.
text: He takes out a box of CONDOMS and puts them on the
dialog: nightstand.
text: Then he undoes his tie, unbuttons his shirt and strips down
text: to his boxers. He hops on the bed, trying to position
text: himself suggestively for Janice’s entrance.
dialog: 2/18/9 40.
text: He finds that he’s staring at himself in the MIRRORED CLOSET
text: across the room. And he looks really lame. He tries another
text: pose - on his side, propped up by his elbow - way too
text: Playgirl. He tries sitting cross-legged - now it looks like
text: he’s meditating amongst all the candles.
text: Finally he gets up and throws a sheet over the mirror. As
text: he’s trying to get it to stay up, he hears the FRONT DOOR
text: OPEN. He scrambles back to the bed and lies down.
text: He tries to contain his excitement as he hears footsteps come
text: down the hall. Then, as the footsteps get to the bedroom
text: door he sees not Janice but her mom GRACE (40, pretty)
text: walking past the open door.
text: Alex panics and slides off the bed, knocking over a candle.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Shit!
text: Grace runs to the doorway, shocked to see Alex, in his
text: boxers, trying to get up.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Alex?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Mrs. Smart I’m so sorry.
text: Alex quickly tries to blow out all the candles and gather his
dialog: clothes. It’s not going well.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I - uhh - I - was trying to take a
dialog: nap.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: With all these candles?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It relaxes me.
text: Grace looks at Alex, now with all his clothes in his arms,
text: bag over his shoulder, still only in his boxers.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I’m sorry to interrupt you then.
dialog: Go back to sleep.
dialog: 2/18/9
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: No, it’s fine.
dialog: anyway.
text: Alex hurriedly tries to push
text: squeezing through the door.
scene_heading: footing and FALLS FACE FIRST
dialog: 41.
dialog: I need to go
text: past Grace into the hallway,
dialog: But in doing so he loses his
text: in the hall, bag and clothes
text: flying everywhere.
text: to his feet, but as he does his
text: on the baseboard, RIPPING HIS
dialog: feet.
text: He quickly tries to scramble
text: boxers CATCH ON THE DOORSTOP
text: BOXERS OFF as he hops to his
text: Grace tries to avert her eyes at the sight of Alex’s bare
text: ass, and he quickly grabs his clothes and bag and scurries
text: outside, completely naked.
scene_heading: EXT. MELROSE HILL HOUSE - DAY
text: Janice pulls up in her beat up Camry and parks in front of
text: her house. She checks herself in her rearview mirror,
text: putting on a little lip-gloss, fluffing her hair.
text: Then, behind her in the mirror she notices ALEX RUNNING DOWN
text: THE SIDEWALK, NAKED, covered by the bundle of clothes in
text: front of him. Her eyes open wide.
text: He reaches her car and hops in - out of breath.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Mom.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Your mom?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yeah. My mom was at your house.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Oh.
text: (she looks at his
dialog: nakedness )
dialog: Shit! My mom! What’d you say?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: That I was taking a nap.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Naked?
dialog: 2/18/9 42.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: No - the naked part came after I
dialog: told her that.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Wait - what?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Seriously, there’s no explaining
dialog: this. Just drive. She could be
dialog: coming out any second.
text: Janice starts the car and pulls out.
scene_heading: INT. JANICE’S CAR - DAY
text: Janice and Alex sit in her parked car outside of Loyola High
text: School, Alex now fully dressed.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What about after school?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Come on Alex, you know I nanny.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Right. Can you skip your class
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Skip class? Do you know me at all?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Sorry. And I work tonight until
dialog: 11. Crap.
text: They both sit there in silence, thinking.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, maybe we’re just putting too
dialog: much pressure on it being today.
dialog: The whole point initially was to do
dialog: it before we went off to college -
dialog: and we still have 6 months before
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I’m thinking about going to the
dialog: summer program at Yale - you know,
dialog: to get a head start. That’s June.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: OK, so 4 months. That’s stilla
dialog: long time.
dialog: 2/18/9 43.
text: Janice doesn’t like the sound of that.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: No, no, no. It’s gotta be today.
dialog: When someone asks me when I first
dialog: had sex, I don’t wanna say “Oh, I
dialog: don’t quite remember, some random
dialog: day between February and June of my
dialog: senior year.” It’s gotta be
dialog: special Alex. And today is
dialog: special.
text: Alex looks at Janice, sees how serious she is about this.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: OK. Just - give me some time.
dialog: I‘1l figure this out. I promise.
text: Janice looks at him, softening. She nods. He leans in and
text: gives her a kiss, then hops out of the car and heads toward
dialog: school.
scene_heading: INT. CAA - DAY
text: Liz sits at her desk, typing wildly fast. Jason approaches,
text: wheeling a cart with packages. He approaches Liz with some
text: trepidation.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Hey.
text: She looks up.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Oh. Hey.
text: She goes right back to work. Hardly a warm greeting.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Didn't I see that shirt yesterday?
text: He’s trying to make a joke. She doesn’t laugh. He’s clearly
dialog: gotta try harder.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I didn’t know that today was
dialog: Valentine’s Day. I thought it was
dialog: the second Thursday --
text: Her look says she’s not buying it.
dialog: 2/18/9 44,
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: I swear. I know it sounds stupid -
dialog: but I always do stupid stuff. Ask
dialog: my mom —-
text: He picks up her phone -
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. You wanna call her? Maybe
dialog: she'll tell you about the time I
dialog: got trapped in a volleyball net --
text: She cracks a smile. He’s clearly trying.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: Happy Valentine’s day.
text: She softens.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: So, can I take you out tonight?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Well, I kind of already said I'd -
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I will hook up something great -
dialog: She considers this.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Yeah, OK. That sounds good.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Cool.
text: He turns to go, with his cart.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: You’re not gonna deliver those?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: These are actually decoys. I just
dialog: wanted to have a reason to come
dialog: talk to you.
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Really well engineered plan. I
dialog: totally fell for it.
dialog: 2/18/9 45.
text: He smiles as he heads back to the elevator.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNSET BLVD. - ECHO PARK - DAY
text: A LARGE INFLATABLE RAT is parked in front of a PEP BOYS,
dialog: stopping traffic.
text: Kelvin and the camera crew interview a petite round CHOLA
text: (18). Eyebrows single slashes of orange liquid liner.
speaker_heading: CHOLA
dialog: I was hot like jalapena, sexing him
dialog: up whenever he wanted. I would
dialog: have done anything for that vato,
dialog: but still he whored around.
text: She points to the rat. A sign around its neck: CISCO
text: MARTINEZ IS A CHOLO RAT WHORE.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: (points to the rat)
dialog: Has he seen it?
text: She looks back at the open bay of the Pep Boys, where all the
text: employees are laughing and pointing, except one: CISCO (name
text: embroidered on his work shirt) who pretends not to notice as
text: he angrily works on a Buick, cranked up on hydraulics.
text: Chola smiles. Extremely pleased.
speaker_heading: CHOLA
dialog: No. I don’t think he has.
text: Knowing full well, he has.
scene_heading: INT. VINE AMERICAN PARTY STORE - DAY
text: Kara slowly makes her way around the store, an explosion of
text: Valentine’s Day decorations. She halfheartedly fills her
text: cart with red streamers, hanging hearts, etc.
text: She starts to make her way to the back, but the aisle is
text: blocked by the cart of a YOUNG COUPLE who are goofing around,
text: trying different Valentine’s Day hats and glasses on each
dialog: other.
text: Kara waits patiently for them to notice her, but it’s not
text: happening. Then they start MAKING OUT as Kara spectates.
text: She can’t believe this. It’s like the longest kiss on
dialog: record.
text: Finally, Kara’s had enough. She takes her cart and RAMS IT
text: INTO THEIRS, WHICH IN TURN RAMS INTO THEM, breaking their
text: embrace. Kara gives them a small smile as she passes.
dialog: 2/18/9 46.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Sorry.
text: As Kara turns down the next aisle, her PHONE RINGS. She
text: picks it up.
speaker_heading: KARA (INTO PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey Jan.
speaker_heading: JAN (0.S.)
dialog: I’ve got Kelvin Briggs for you.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: From KTLA? Tell him I’11 call him
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: JAN (0.S.)
dialog: He’s called 15 times already.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Fine. Put him on.
text: Kara throws a few balloons in her cart.
speaker_heading: JAN (0.S.)
dialog: Kara, you’re on with Kelvin.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Hey Kelvin. What can I do for you?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH EXT. SUNSET BLVD. - ECHO PARK - DAY
text: Kelvin stands a few feet away from his crew, on the phone.
text: The HUGE RAT is in the background.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Well, the press release just came
dialog: off the wire...
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: And...
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: And I know that Sean’s not gonna
dialog: want this to drag on for too long.
dialog: He’s gonna make a decision soon.
dialog: So here’s what I’m thinking. When
dialog: he does decide - whatever he
dialog: decides, whether to play for
dialog: another team or god forbid retire -
dialog: I think you should give the
dialog: exclusive to me. Local player
dialog: gives big story to local sports
dialog: guy. It’s a win-win.
dialog: 2/18/9 47.
text: Kara smiles at his forwardness.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Yeah, but both wins are for you.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Well, not necessarily -
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Look Kelvin, I don’t know what to
dialog: tell you. I’m sure this is just
dialog: gonna be your usual, run of the
dialog: mill press conference. I don’t
dialog: think there’s any exclusive to be
dialog: had here. But I appreciate the
dialog: ambition. Happy Valentine’s Day.
text: Kelvin grimaces.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Yeah right. I can’t wait for this
dialog: day to be over.
text: Kara smiles.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: You and me both. Bye Kelvin.
text: She hangs up. Kara makes her way to the register, starts
text: unloading her stuff. As the cashier starts to ring it up-
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: Wow. Someone’s having a big -
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Seriously, don’t.
text: The cashier goes back to his job, chastened.
scene_heading: INT. SEAN'S MERCEDES - DAY
text: Sean drives down Little Santa Monica, classical music
text: BLARING. He’s lost in thought.
text: Oblivious, he turns LEFT too quickly -- REAR ENDING A RITA
speaker_heading: FLORA VAN.
text: He gets out and approaches the van - as ALPHONSO gets out of
text: the driver side, not happy. Sean is instantly apologetic.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: I’m so sorry man.
dialog: 2/18/9 48.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: You should pay more attention, guy.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: I know. I don’t know what’s wrong
dialog: with me today.
text: Sean pulls out his wallet, hands Alphonso a card.
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Just call my business manager -
dialog: he’s got all my info.
text: Alphonso takes the card.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: Must be nice.
text: Alphonso turns to check out the damage to the back of the van
text: - in the collision the back doors have popped open. Sean
text: notices the back FILLED WITH FLOWERS.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Man. That many people get flowers
dialog: delivered?
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: It’s Valentine’s Day. Kind of a
dialog: big day, flower-wise.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: No - I know. I just mean - why
dialog: would you get flowers delivered
dialog: when you could just go buy them and
dialog: give them at home? It seems more
dialog: personal that way.
text: Alphonso’s having a tough time with the damaged doors.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: People like to get flowers at their
dialog: place of work. They like a public
dialog: declaration. It’s like - love
dialog: doesn’t exist until you acknowledge
text: it in front of people.
text: Sean TAKES THIS IN. Alphonso finally gets the doors to stay
text: shut, heads back to the driver’s side.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO (CONT’D)
dialog: Keep your eyes open friend.
text: He shuts the driver side door. Sean stands there and watches
text: Alphonso pull away - a SMILE GROWING ON HIS FACE.
dialog: 2/18/9 49.
text: He whips out his cell phone and dials.
speaker_heading: SEAN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Hey Kara, it’s Sean. I made my
dialog: decision.
text: Sean hops in his car, takes off.
scene_heading: INT. RITA FLORA VAN - DAY
text: Alphonso drives down little Santa Monica. He checks his
text: rearview mirror - sees:
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF THE VAN - DAY
text: THE DOORS OPEN AGAIN.
text: SEVERAL flower arrangements fall out, hitting the ground ina
text: kaleidoscope of glass and color. Cards hitting the pavement.
text: We narrow in on one card: EDISON’S ENVELOPE with the simple
text: red heart.
scene_heading: EXT. LITTLE SANTA MONICA - BEVERLY HILLS - CONTINUOUS
text: Alphonso pulls over quickly. Picks up his cell phone.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA BLVD. - BEVERLY HILLS - DAY
text: Quickly, Reed and Alphonso are transferring all the floral
text: arrangements from Alphonso’s bum van to Reed’s van. Reed is
text: upset, thrown off his game.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: This is ridiculous. There’s easily
dialog: several hundred dollars worth of
dialog: damage here. We're already behind
dialog: on our delivery schedule. And then
dialog: I find out that Julia’s boyfriend
dialog: is married. I mean, what am I
dialog: supposed to do with that? I
dialog: shouldn't tell her, right? Who
dialog: wants to hear that?
text: (he looks at Alphonso,
dialog: hopeful)
dialog: I should probably just stay out of
dialog: it, right?
text: Alphonso grimaces. Thinks. Says:
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: I think you have to tell her.
text: Reed deflates.
dialog: 2/18/9 50.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Really? Why?
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: Because it’s the right thing to do.
scene_heading: INT. CRESCENT ELEMENTARY - JULIA’S CLASSROOM - DAY
text: The kids all file back into class after lunch. Edison walks
text: up the aisle and passes Rani, who sits at her desk, listening
text: to her iPod. As he passes -
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Whatcha listening to Rani?
text: Rani pulls out one earbud, smiles.
speaker_heading: RANI
dialog: Neil Young, Live at Canterbury
dialog: House. Thanks for the tip.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Anytime.
text: Edison takes a seat. Rani quickly pulls out her other earbud
text: as Julia rushes in with an OVERNIGHT BAG. Throws it under
text: her desk and turns to the class.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Sorry I’m late. Now, get your
dialog: Valentines and let’s open them.
text: The kids run to their Valentines envelopes on the wall. Tear
text: them down and run back to their seats. Excitement building.
text: Although Julia has a stack on her desk from the students, she
text: prefers to watch the kids open theirs.
text: Madison has the largest stack of Valentines, the most popular
text: student in the room. Rani only has a few. They’ve all been
text: opened, but Rani has no reaction. Madison and Kara watch
text: Rani, perplexed.
text: When, Madison stands up and loudly says to the class:
speaker_heading: MADISON
dialog: Did everyone check carefully inside
dialog: their envelopes for ALL of their
dialog: Valentines?
text: Julia looks at Madison, suspicious. But the students do what
text: Madison says. Rani turns her envelope upside down and out
text: falls the big Valentine, caught on a staple. She opens it.
dialog: 2/18/9 51.
text: Looks over at Edison, his back to her. Rani can’t believe
text: it: Edison. Her face takes on the glow of the windswept
dialog: sun.
text: Rani gets out of her chair, starts walking towards him, her
dialog: smile growing, when...
text: From behind her, Madison and Kara start laughing.
text: Rani turns, looks back at Madison and Kara, who are laughing
text: cruelly. Rani realizes. The sun fades.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Rani? What is it?
speaker_heading: RANI
dialog: Nothing, Miss Persinger.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Bring the Valentine up here,
dialog: please.
text: Rani hesitates, then starts to crumple it in her hands.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Now, please.
text: Rani reluctantly approaches and hands it to her. Julia reads
text: it. Looks at Edison.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Edison?
dialog: Shocked as hell, he says:
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Yes, ma’am?
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Did you send this Valentine to
dialog: Rani?
text: Edison is horrified and now upset. Realizing Rani is the
dialog: butt of a joke.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: No, ma’am. I did not.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Madison. Kara. Come up to the
dialog: front of the class, please. And
dialog: bring your Valentines with you.
dialog: 2/18/9 52.
text: Madison and Kara get up. Bring their Valentines. Julia puts
text: her trash can on top of her desk.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: You sent Rani this Valentine and
dialog: signed it from Edison, didn’t you?
text: Both look at her. But say nothing.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: When there’s that much silence, I
dialog: know you’re thinking up a lie.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: (bursting)
dialog: She made me do it!
text: Madison looks at Kara, furious.
text: Reed enters the classroom quietly, carrying a single
text: arrangement of two dozen red roses.
text: Julia doesn’t see him. Many of the students do, however, and
text: Reed puts a finger to his lips. Shhh.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Madison. Take all of your
dialog: Valentines and bring them up here.
dialog: If you’re good you might get them
text: back at the end of the day. Kara,
dialog: I’m afraid this goes for you, too.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: But I told the truth!
text: Both girls angrily and tearfully give up their Valentines.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: It’s not nice to play with people's
dialog: hearts like that.
text: When a cough comes behind Julia:
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Julia?
text: Julia turns, surprised. Happy to see him.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Reed? What are you doing here?
text: Edison, recognizing Reed, thinks he’s delivering the roses he
text: ordered that morning. He stands up, excited.
dialog: 2/18/9 53.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: This order came in at the store
dialog: today. I thought I’d deliver it
dialog: myself.
text: Reed puts the roses on Julia’s desk. Edison looks confused,
text: Reed was supposed to give him the flowers. She opens the
text: card, hoping. Smiles.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: It’s from Harrison.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Your boyfriend?
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Yes.
text: Edison sits back down, shocked. Not his flowers. He is not
dialog: happy.
text: Reed looks at her shining face, knows he should tell her the
text: truth. He looks at the classroom -- all the kids staring at
text: the interaction of their teacher with the flower man.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Julia. There’s something I have to
dialog: tell you. Can I see you outside?
scene_heading: INT. CRESCENT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Reed looks at Julia, trying to find the words. But Julia’s
dialog: got plenty of her own.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Wait. Me first. I got a 4:15
dialog: flight to San Francisco. I’m gonna
dialog: surprise him.
text: But Reed doesn’t look so happy.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: What’s with the face? You were
dialog: into this idea before.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I was. I mean...I don’t know. I
dialog: met Harrison when he came in and
dialog: placed the order.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: You did? Wow. He must’ve been on
dialog: his way to the airport. Isn’t he
dialog: great?
dialog: 2/18/9 54.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: (haltingly)
dialog: Sure, sure. But, you know, people
dialog: are so - complex, right? And
dialog: there’s always more to the story --
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: You think he’s too old for me. But
dialog: - listen - I’ve had a lot of bad
dialog: experiences with guys my age, and
dialog: even though -
text: When EDISON bursts through the doors. Frantic. He grabs
text: Reed’s shirt. Calls him by the store’s name.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Mr. Flora. What about my roses?
text: Reed's blank, trying to place him out of the environment.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: I gave you thirteen dollars!
text: Reed puts an arm on Edison’s shoulders.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Oh, yeah. I remember now. They
dialog: must still be on the truck, little
dialog: man. Don’t worry, they’1ll get here
dialog: soon.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: You promised me. Fifth period. I
dialog: chose you because you were on TV
dialog: this morning when I was writing my
text: Valentines. It was a sign.
text: Julia kneels down, consoles him.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Edison. If Reed says your roses
dialog: will be here, then they will. He's
dialog: very trustworthy.
text: She smiles, steers Edison into the classroom. As the
text: classroom door shuts -
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Don’t get on that plane today.
dialog: It’s a mistake.
text: Julia stops.
dialog: 2/18/9 55.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: What? You said you liked
dialog: spontaneous.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I do, but--
text: Reed looks at her, trying to say it. But she seems so happy,
text: so hopeful, he just can’t. So he says nothing. Julia smiles
text: at his concern.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Look Reed, I get it. You've had
dialog: six girlfriends since we’ve known
dialog: each other - you’re always ina
dialog: relationship. You understand how
dialog: these things work. My track record
dialog: - on the other hand - could kindly
dialog: be referred to as spotty. But this
dialog: one feels different. So don’t
dialog: worry. I'll be fine. Now I gotta
dialog: get back to class.
text: She goes in, shutting the door. Leaving Reed alone, with no
dialog: idea what to do.
scene_heading: INT. CAA - MAILROOM - DAY
text: His buddies work at breakneck speed around him as Jason talks
text: on his cell phone.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: So you can take us? Thank god -
dialog: that’s great.
text: He grabs a pen.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: At four? As in four in the
dialog: afternoon? Even my Nana doesn’t
dialog: eat dinner at 4. So, it’s 4 or
dialog: 11:20? I think I might keep
dialog: looking.
text: He hangs up. Danny and Jed look at him with pity.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: What? Not every table at every
dialog: restaurant can be booked? What
dialog: about the shitty restaurants?
dialog: Nobody’s gonna book those.
dialog: 2/18/9 56.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Maybe don’t pitch it to Liz like
dialog: that.
text: Jason shoots him a look.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It’s fine. And I just nabbed
dialog: tickets for the outdoor movie at
dialog: Hollywood Forever Cemetery.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Girls love cemeteries on
dialog: Valentine’s Day.
speaker_heading: JED
dialog: What about the gift?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I thought of that. I’m gonna go
dialog: get her a grande white mocha this
dialog: afternoon. She loves those.
text: Jed and Danny share a look.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: What? I’m supposed to get her a
dialog: Prius? We haven’t even been
dialog: together three weeks.
speaker_heading: JED
dialog: Dude, whatever. Dump her, I don’t
dialog: care. I’m just saying - if you're
dialog: gonna do Valentine’s day...
dialog: Jason considers this.
scene_heading: INT. RITA FLORA DELIVERY VAN - DAY
text: Reed drives. Alphonso sits in the passenger seat, scanning a
text: clipboard. Reed makes an abrupt left turn.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Just making a quick stop at my
dialog: house -
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: But we're really behind -
text: Reed pulls the van over in front of his house, puts it in
dialog: park.
dialog: 2/18/9 57.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I know but -
text: Reed reaches into the back of the van and pulls out
scene_heading: GIUSEPPE’S BLACK BOX.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: - we’re in the neighborhood and I
dialog: wanna put these flowers out before
dialog: my bride-to-be comes home. You
dialog: know - surprise her. I'’11 be fast.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: Fine.
text: Reed opens the door, takes the black box, and hops out.
text: Then, through the window -
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Oh, by the way. I didn’t tell
dialog: Julia about Harrison.
text: Reed starts to walk away. Alphonso calls after him.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: What? She needs to know, Reed.
text: Reed stops, halfway up his walk.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I tried. I couldn’t do it to her.
dialog: I just - don’t think it’s my place.
text: Alphonso just looks at him, not hiding his disapproval.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: We're really behind.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Be right back.
scene_heading: AT THE FRONT DOOR
text: Reed goes to the door, pulls out his keys. But as he tries
text: to put them in, the door just SWINGS OPEN. Reed looks
text: confused. Warily enters the house...
scene_heading: INT. REED BENNETT’S HOUSE - SAME
text: Reed looks around as he enters. Calls out:
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Hello?
dialog: 2/18/9 58.
text: Nothing. As he starts toward the kitchen, he hears from
dialog: upstairs:
speaker_heading: MORLEY (0.S.)
dialog: Reed?
text: Reed is perplexed. He turns and heads toward the stairs.
scene_heading: UPSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: Reed reaches the top of the stairs, still holding the black
dialog: box, and turns into the:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - SAME
text: Morley sits on the bed.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: Hey.
text: Reed just stands there, looking at her, not knowing what to
text: say. She does not look happy.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: What are you doing home?
text: Morley doesn’t say anything. As he starts to approach her,
text: he sees the CLOSET DOOR IS OPEN. AND THE CLOSET IS EMPTY.
text: He stops.
text: He looks at Morley. Then to her packed suitcase on the
text: floor. It’s all starting to make sense.
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: I’m sorry Reed.
text: Reed stands there, in shock, holding the black box.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: It’s not the ring. It’s me.
text: She looks at him, and though it appears to pain her, she
text: doesn’t argue.
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: I’m so sorry. I should have been
dialog: honest this morning. It just - it
dialog: took me by surprise, and I didn’t
dialog: want to hurt you.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 2/18/9 59.
speaker_heading: MORLEY (cont'd)
dialog: No one prepares girls for how to
dialog: handle that scenario. They prepare
dialog: us to say yes, not how to
dialog: gracefully say no.
text: Reed is clearly trying to remain upbeat.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Look, it’s fine. If you’re not
dialog: ready, that’s OK. We can take the
dialog: whole marriage thing off the table.
dialog: Maybe I shouldn’t have surprised
dialog: you like that - we’ve only been
dialog: together a year - maybe we should
dialog: have talked about it --
text: She stops him.
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: You didn’t do anything wrong. And
dialog: it shouldn’t have been a surprise
dialog: to me. I should have been thinking
dialog: about our future, too. But I
dialog: wasn’t. I was just coasting,
dialog: knowing in my heart that we were
dialog: not gonna go the distance. And
dialog: that is not fair to you. You
dialog: deserve a lot better than that.
text: Morley takes the engagement ring from her pocket, hands it to
text: Reed. He studies the ring for a moment, then finally looks
text: up at Morley.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Did you even consider marrying me?
dialog: Even for a minute?
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: Of course. But when you ask
dialog: someone to marry you - do you want
dialog: her to consider it? Or should she
dialog: just know the answer?
text: Off Reed, letting that sink in.
scene_heading: INT. RITA FLORA DELIVERY VAN - DAY
text: Reed gets back into the van, still holding the black box.
text: Alphonso looks at him. He’s clearly upset. They sit there
text: for a long, quiet moment.
dialog: 2/18/9 60.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: You’re not gonna believe this.
dialog: Morley was in there. She’s leaving
dialog: me. We’re not getting married.
text: Alphonso looks at him. Doesn’t say anything. But he doesn’t
text: look surprised. Reed starts to lose it.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: So this you believe? You don’t
dialog: believe it when she says yes but
dialog: you believe it when she moves out?
text: Alphonso shrugs, not saying anything.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: You knew?
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: I had a feeling.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: What feeling?
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: That it just wasn’t right. An
dialog: inkling.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: An inkling? Why didn’t you say
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: I didn’t know for sure.
text: Reed takes this in, trying to process. Then something dawns
text: on him.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: But I do.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: Pardon?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: With Julia. I know something isn’t
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: Yes you do.
text: Reed starts the van, puts it in gear.
dialog: 2/18/9 61.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I’ve gotta stop her.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Wait - I thought we were behind?
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: For this? Screw it.
text: Alphonso smiles. Reed quickly pulls away.
scene_heading: INT. CRESCENT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - JULIA’S CLASSROOM - DAY
text: THE BELL RINGS - the school day is over. Students race out
text: of the classroom. Free. Julia smiles from the front of the
dialog: class.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Have a lovely Valentine’s Day guys.
text: She quickly grabs her overnight bag from under her desk,
text: starts for the door. Clearly in a hurry.
text: Edison watches her leave, perturbed.
scene_heading: INT. CRESCENT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - HALLWAY - SAME
text: As Julia walks down the hallway, her CELL PHONE RINGS. She
text: grabs it.
speaker_heading: JULIA (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Kara!
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH INT. D/D/K PR - SAME
text: Kara sits at her desk, in her huge corner office overlooking
text: Beverly Hills, staring at her computer screen.
speaker_heading: KARA (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Why haven’t you called me back?
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I am so sorry. Today’s been nuts.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: So I’m assuming you didn’t RSVP for
dialog: my dinner because you come every
dialog: year and it’s a given that you'll
dialog: be there, right?
dialog: 2/18/9 62.
text: Julia keeps walking, not understanding the seriousness of
dialog: Kara’s question.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Actually, unfortunately, I will
dialog: not. Be there. I’m flying up to
dialog: San Francisco to surprise Harrison.
text: Silence. Kara just sits there, trying to hold it together.
text: Julia stops at the front door of the school.
speaker_heading: JULIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you OK sweetie?
speaker_heading: KARA
text: No one’s coming.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: What? That can’t be true.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Well, it is.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: What about Dana?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: New boyfriend.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: What about Elise?
speaker_heading: KARA
text: Back with old boyfriend.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: NO! Rick?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Gay cruise to Cabo.
text: Julia stands there, trying to think of what to say.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: So everyone responded “no”?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: No. There’s still a bunch of
dialog: people who've looked at it but
dialog: haven't responded.
dialog: 2/18/9 63.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Well then I’m sure it’s fine. You
dialog: know how bad people are about
dialog: RSVPing.
text: EDISON comes down the hall, walking past Julia and picking up
text: this last bit of their conversation.
speaker_heading: JULIA (CONT'D)
dialog: And it’s not like they don’t know
dialog: the drill. We’ve been doing it for
dialog: years - Anarkali at 8. People will
dialog: come.
text: We see Edison take note of what Julia has said as he walks
text: out of the school.
text: Kara just sits there. She has nothing to say.
speaker_heading: JULIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m really sorry honey.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I know. Have fun.
text: Kara hangs up. Rubs her face as she tries not to cry.
text: WITH JULIA - as she hangs up her phone, feeling terrible.
scene_heading: EXT. CRESCENT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY
text: Edison races out the doors, past other STUDENTS, pulling away
text: from the crowd. He frantically looks and finds a car he
text: recognizes. Spots it.
text: Grabs open the passenger side door. Gets inside.
scene_heading: INT. JANICE’S TOYOTA CAMRY - DAY
text: Inside the car, Edison reaches over to the ignition, tries to
text: start the car for Janice, his nanny.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Go, go.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Not until you breathe. Like I
dialog: taught you.
text: Edison sees she’s serious. He forces himself to breathe,
text: using the kundalini yoga warm-up technique of closing one
text: nostril with the thumb and deep breathing in, out.
dialog: 2/18/9 64.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Okay. I’m breathing.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Now why don’t you tell me what’s
dialog: going on?
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: She doesn’t know I love her. I
dialog: have to make it right. You have to
dialog: help me or I’m lost. I’m just
dialog: lost.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Edison. You’re not lost.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Yes, I am. She didn’t get her
dialog: flowers. She doesn’t know -
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Look, I’m sure this little girl -
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: She’s not a little girl.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: OK. I’m sorry. That was
dialog: patronizing. I know how you hate
dialog: to be patronized.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: I do. I hate it. Now will you
dialog: help me?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Iwill. After soccer.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: I don’t like soccer.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Nobody likes soccer.
text: Edison looks at Janice, resigned.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Fine.
text: Janice starts the car and pulls out.
dialog: 2/18/9 65.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GROVE MOVIE THEATRE - DAY
text: Kelvin and his camera crew interview a MALE employee of The
text: Grove movie theatre. He’s in uniform, a mix between a band
text: uniform and a bellhop, complete with red hat. The “dancing”
text: water fountain is behind him in the background.
scene_heading: GROVE EMPLOYEE
dialog: It’s pretty busy at the movies,
dialog: yeah. We have to patrol more.
dialog: People like to have sex in the back
dialog: row. Sometimes with other people.
dialog: Sometimes with themselves.
text: Exasperated, Kelvin turns and looks directly into the camera.
text: Then he composes himself, continuing the interview:
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: What do you think of Valentine’s
dialog: Day?
scene_heading: GROVE EMPLOYEE
text: V-Day rhymes with D-Day.
dialog: Coincidence? I think not.
scene_heading: INT. OK - DAY
text: Jason stands at the counter of the upscale gift store,
text: talking with a MALE CLERK, 20s and hip.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: How much cash do you want to drop?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I don’t really know.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: What do you want the gift to say to
dialog: your woman?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I’m not really sure.
text: The CLERK is really trying to understand.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: I have no idea what I’m doing.
dialog: I’ve been going out with this girl
dialog: for like two and a half weeks. But
dialog: then today I was getting a little
text: bit of a brush-offy vibe.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 2/18/9
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: And I say going out, but if you
dialog: want to get really technical about
dialog: it, we've never actually said we
dialog: were going out - so it may still
dialog: just be in the hanging out
dialog: category. We've slept together
dialog: once- and I realize I’m oversharing
dialog: - but I guess that might not really
dialog: mean anything. And then we work
dialog: together, so that’s another
text: wrinkle.
text: The clerk takes this in.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: It’s OK, man. Let me help you.
dialog: You're taking her out tonight,
dialog: right?
text: Jason nods.
speaker_heading: CLERK (CONT'D)
dialog: Sweet. So what you need to do is
dialog: read the vibe when you get there.
text: Jason nods again.
speaker_heading: CLERK (CONT'D)
dialog: If you can tell that she is not
dialog: feeling you at all -
text: The clerk reaches into the case and grabs a SMALL SILVER
speaker_heading: CASE.
speaker_heading: CLERK (CONT'D)
dialog: You bust this out. Silver business
dialog: card holder. Definitely sends a "I
dialog: can tell this isn’t gonna work out,
dialog: but we still work together and I
dialog: want to be respectful” message.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay...
text: The clerk reaches into the case again -
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: But if it’s going good, and she’s
dialog: flirting you up, you whip out this
dialog: one.
text: He shows Jason a TINY SILVER LOCKET.
dialog: 2/18/9 67.
speaker_heading: CLERK (CONT'D)
dialog: Feminine. Delicate. I’ve hit this
text: up on like four girls.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: So, you want me to buy two gifts?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: I’m hooking you up, bro. Don’t
dialog: worry. Bring back the one you
dialog: don’t use and I’1l totally refund
dialog: it.
text: Jason smiles.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That is a fantastic idea.
text: The clerk beams.
scene_heading: INT. RITA FLORA DELIVERY VAN - DAY
text: Reed and Alphonso fly up Highland toward the Burbank Airport.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: Try her again.
text: Reed quickly dials his cel phone. Puts it to his ear.
speaker_heading: REED
text: Shit. Straight to voicemail again.
text: Reed shoots Alphonso a look, steps harder on the gas.
scene_heading: INT. LAX - SAME
text: CLOSE ON: Julia’s cel phone as it sits in a plastic bin, on
text: the conveyor belt at the security check point.
text: Pull back wide to reveal: Julia, shoes off, ticket in hand,
text: walking through the metal detector. Happy as can be despite
text: the madness of the travellers around her.
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK - DAY
text: Griffith Park. Glorious. Picnics. A carousel. Janice is
text: sitting on a crowded grassy hill watching Edison play soccer.
text: Edison is not into it, missing a pass. He wants the game
text: over. A PLAYER on his team comes up and shoves him for the
dialog: error. Edison just takes it.
dialog: 2/18/9 68.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: (to the Player)
dialog: Can’t you see my heart is broken?
text: The PLAYER can’t quite believe his ears. Then runs past him
text: with the rest of the team to the other side of the field.
text: Edison stays right where he is, the lone man on the center of
text: the field. Finally, the COACH calls time out. Walks up to
text: Edison. Friendly hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: What’s the matter, Edison?
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Sporting events, such as these,
dialog: feel trivial at the moment, Coach.
text: The Coach has no response for that.
speaker_heading: WITH JANICE
text: As she sits on the grassy hill. Her PHONE BUZZES. She looks
text: at it: a NEW TEXT from Alex. It reads: LOOK BEHIND YOU.
text: Janice turns around, but sees nothing but the beginning of a
text: wooded area about 10 feet behind her. She texts back: WHAT?
text: She watches Edison meander around the field for a second
text: before she gets another text: LOOK CLOSER.
text: She turns around again, this time scanning the wooded area.
text: Then she sees Alex, standing at the tree line, waving her
dialog: over.
text: She looks quite confused. She checks on Edison, who’s still
text: moping through his soccer game, then gets up and walks over
dialog: to Alex.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: What the hell is going on?
text: He gives her a mischievous look and beckons her into the
dialog: woods.
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK - WOODED AREA - SAME
text: Janice follows Alex farther into the woods.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Where are we going?
dialog: 2/18/9 69.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: So, you know how I said I'd figure
dialog: something out?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: (wary)
dialog: Yeah...
text: As they come up to a small clearing -
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Well -
text: Janice sees how Alex has figured it out - he’s fashioned a
text: BED IN THE MIDDLE OF THE WOODS with pillows, blankets,
text: sleeping bags, etc. He’s put some colorful flowers all
dialog: around. It’s actually kinda cool. But Janice is not
dialog: impressed.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: This is your big idea?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: You want me to do it here? In the
dialog: woods?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It’s rustic. And romantic. It’s
text: romantically rustic.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: With random people 20 feet away?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: No I checked. I’ve been screaming
dialog: obscenities for an hour. There’s
dialog: no way they can hear us.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: So, let me get this straight. You
dialog: really thought that I was going to
dialog: come back here in the woods and
dialog: have SEX WITH YOU, outdoors, while
dialog: I left alone the 10 year old boy
dialog: who I’m responsible for? Just left
dialog: him alone out there? You thought
dialog: that would be fun for me? You
dialog: think that’s romantic?
text: Alex realizes the holes in his plan.
dialog: 2/18/9 70.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (meekly)
dialog: I promised I’d figure it out.
text: Janice looks at him, seething.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: You know - for a valedictorian you
dialog: are a HUGE IDIOT!
text: With that Janice turns and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. LAX - AFTERNOON
text: The Rita Flora van flies into LAX, passing the Encounter
text: restaurant, the alien arches beaming red instead of blue.
scene_heading: INT. LAX - UNITED TERMINAL - AFTERNOON
text: Reed runs into the United Terminal. Looks up at the
text: departing monitors. Finds Julia’s 4:15 flight. Gate 82.
text: Reed runs through the terminal, squeezing past irritated
text: passengers until he’s stopped short.
speaker_heading: SECURITY
dialog: Only ticketed passengers beyond
dialog: this point, sir.
text: Reed turns around. Sees: AT THE UNITED TICKET COUNTER
text: Long lines. Reed can’t wait. He sees the OVERSIZED ITEMS
text: AND LIVE ANIMALS section, apart from the regular lines, where
text: there is only one customer. He runs over there.
scene_heading: OVERSIZED ITEMS CHECK-IN
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I need a ticket on any flight that
text: leaves from Gate C. Preferably
dialog: your cheapest.
scene_heading: UNITED TICKET AGENT
dialog: This line is for oversized items
dialog: only.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: But you can sell me a ticket,
dialog: right? If you wanted to.
scene_heading: UNITED TICKET AGENT
dialog: I’m sorry, sir. This line is for --
dialog: 2/18/9 71.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Look, I know what this seems like.
dialog: I’m just some other shlemiel who
text: cheated on his girlfriend, and now
dialog: he’s here with his sob story,
dialog: begging you to let him go chase the
dialog: girl down and tell her how it was
dialog: all a big misunderstanding and that
dialog: the email with all the naked
dialog: pictures was actually just a gag by
text: one of his fraternity buddies.
text: The ticket agent looks vaguely disturbed.
scene_heading: UNITED TICKET AGENT
dialog: That's a terrible story.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Right? So let me tell you my
dialog: story. The girl I’m running to
dialog: catch isn’t even my girlfriend.
dialog: But I have to tell her that her
dialog: boyfriend - they guy she’s about to
dialog: get on a plane and surprise - is
dialog: married. And it’s a crappy thing
dialog: to hear. But I have to do it
dialog: because it’s the right thing to do.
dialog: Because she’s a great girl and
dialog: she'd even take a cigar band from a
dialog: guy - and I know I’m getting a
dialog: little off track here, but my point
dialog: is - I have to go get her.
dialog: Compared to the earlier story, the ticket agent likes this
text: one. He starts punching the keys of his computer.
speaker_heading: AT GATE 82
text: Julia, wearing a simple black dress and flats, stands,
text: overnight bag on the ground next to her. She shifts feet.
text: Excited. She’s never done anything like this before.
scene_heading: UNITED GATE AGENT
dialog: Now boarding group three. All
dialog: those in group three may now come
dialog: forward.
text: Julia moves into the line. Then feels a hand on her arm.
text: She turns. It’s Reed.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Reed? What are you doing here?
text: Reed, out of breath. Spits out:
dialog: 2/18/9 72.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I need to talk to you.
text: Julia looks around, still trying to process this odd scene.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Okay. So...
text: But then he hesitates. Here she is. But how do you start?
dialog: Where do you start? So he just says it.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: He’s married.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Your boyfriend. Harrison.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: He was married. He’s divorced now.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: No, Julia. He lives in Malibu with
dialog: his wife, Alexandra. He came into
dialog: Rita Flora today and sent you both
dialog: red roses.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: What does that prove? He could’ve
dialog: just been doing it to be nice.
speaker_heading: UNITED GATE AGENT (0.S.)
dialog: We are now boarding all sections.
dialog: All sections, please come forward.
text: Julia just looks at him. Hurt.
speaker_heading: JULIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you doing this?
dialog: Reed thinks about that, then -
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Do you think Morley and I belong
dialog: together?
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: What? What does that have to do
dialog: with anything?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: It just - does. Do you?
dialog: 2/18/9 73.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I don’t know. I guess - if you
dialog: love her and she loves you then -
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: You’re not answering the question.
dialog: Honestly - as my friend -
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Fine. No. Not really. Don’t see
dialog: it. Don’t see you two together.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Well that’s why I’m doing this.
dialog: Because apparently everyone and
dialog: their mother knew I shouldn’t
dialog: propose to her, but no one had the
dialog: guts to say anything - and now
dialog: she’s gone and I’m left with this
text: stupid ring and an empty closet and
dialog: I don’t want you to make the same
dialog: mistake I did. Don’t pursue a dead
dialog: end Julia. It hurts like hell.
text: Julia stares at him, trying to process this. She’s not
dialog: having it.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: You are unbelievable. You expect
dialog: me to buy that - that you’re trying
dialog: to help me? You’re just doing this
dialog: because - for once - I have
dialog: something and you have nothing.
dialog: And you just can’t take it. You
dialog: want me to feel as bad as you do.
speaker_heading: UNITED GATE AGENT (0.S.)
dialog: Last call for all sections. Now
dialog: boarding all sections on United
text: Flight 954 to San Francisco.
text: Reed doesn’t know what to say. He wasn’t expecting that.
text: Julia picks up her overnight bag.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Honestly - as a friend - this is a
dialog: really shitty thing to do to
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Don’t get on that plane. Julia.
dialog: Think. Didn’t you know?
dialog: Somewhere? We always know, right?
dialog: 2/18/9 74.
text: He grabs her hand. But somehow, it’s the touch that breaks
text: her. She pulls away from his grasp.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: It’s Valentine’s Day and I’m going
dialog: to meet my boyfriend. Now let me
dialog: go.
text: She walks away. He watches her as she hands her ticket to
text: the Agent. The stub shoots through the machine at the other
text: end. She doesn’t turn around. Disappears down the tunnel.
text: Reed throws his ticket in the trash can. Walks out.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE BATHROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Inside the cramped bathroom stall, a nervous female hand
text: pulls out a lipstick. Her hands shaking.
text: Pull back to reveal a face looking into the mirror, putting
dialog: it on: It’s Kate, not Julia.
text: Kate pulls out a sealed tube of mascara and some blush. She
text: carefully puts them on. Now looking quite feminine and
text: beautiful in her military uniform.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - AFTERNOON
text: Kate returns to her seat. Holden, watching a movie, has to
text: pause his screen and let her back into her seat. As he does,
dialog: he notices:
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: You look pretty.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Are you nervous?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: He’1l be waiting for you, I
dialog: promise.
text: She looks at him, slightly vulnerable now.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: The hardest thing about coming home
text: is realizing people have moved on.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 2/18/9 75.
speaker_heading: KATE (cont'd)
dialog: They've lived a part of their lives
dialog: without you, memories you'll never
dialog: have with them.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Do you get to call him?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Sometimes, when we’re in range.
dialog: But the time difference makes it
dialog: hard. Plus, what can you really
dialog: say in three minutes - with your
dialog: whole platoon full of guys standing
dialog: around?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Maybe just that you love him?
text: Kate looks at him, touched by his earnestness.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Yeah. I say that.
scene_heading: EXT. WILSHIRE BOULEVARD - BEVERLY HILLS - AFTERNOON
text: Kelvin, with his camera crew, stands on the street corner,
text: interviewing a chubby male CUPID, wearing white diapers,
text: white wings with gold bows and arrows slung over his shoulder
text: and eating a submarine sandwich.
speaker_heading: CUPID
dialog: I make a lot of dough today.
dialog: Delivering love grams to office
dialog: buildings and such. It’s a great
dialog: day for a fat guy. So, yeah, I
dialog: love Valentine’s Day.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: So you're saying today is about
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: CUPID
dialog: It sure as hell is. You ever NOT
dialog: spend money on Valentine’s Day? I
dialog: even delivered a break-up gram
dialog: today. Now that was cold, sure,
dialog: but I still got paid!
dialog: Kelvin calls cut. To his crew:
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: I think we got it.
text: The CAMERAMAN starts to pack up his stuff.
dialog: 2/18/9 76.
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: Where to next?
text: As Kelvin thinks about it, he looks across the street to a
text: LARGE OFFICE BUILDING. He’s got an idea.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: You know what - I think we’re done.
dialog: Just pack up the van. I’11 be
dialog: right back.
text: With that, Kelvin takes off across the street.
scene_heading: INT. D/D/K PR - KARA’S OFFICE - AFTERNOON
text: Kelvin comes blowing into Kara’s office, trailed by JAN,
text: Kara’s assistant.
speaker_heading: KELVIN JAN
dialog: Kara, I’m sorry to bother you- I told him you were very busy-
text: Kara looks up from her desk, EYES WET WITH TEARS. Kelvin and
text: Jan stop in their tracks.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to -
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: It’s OK. Sit down.
dialog: (to Jan)
dialog: It’s fine.
text: Jan backs out of the office. Kelvin takes a seat on the
text: couch. Kara tries to pull herself together.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: So - I know you said there wasn't
dialog: much chance, but I -
text: She cuts him off.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Let me ask you a question Kelvin.
dialog: What are your plans for tonight?
text: Kelvin seems confused.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Umm - I really just came here to
dialog: try and get the exclusive with Sean
dialog: - but -
dialog: 2/18/9 77.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: No - I know. And I’m not asking
dialog: you out or anything. It just seems
dialog: like literally everyone on earth
dialog: has something to do tonight so -
text: Kelvin looks at her, gauging her seriousness.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: I’m working. 5pm, 10pm and 1lpm
dialog: newscasts. I usually only do one
dialog: of those, but everyone wanted off
dialog: tonight and I’m more than happy to
dialog: oblige. It’s one of the perks of
dialog: having a night job - there’s always
dialog: excuse not to participate in all
dialog: this ridiculousness.
text: Kara gives a small smile, satisfied by the answer. She gets
text: up, walks over to the couch, sits next to Kelvin.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I haven’t had a date on Valentine's
dialog: day in almost 10 years. I mean -
dialog: it’s mostly by choice. I put all
dialog: my energy into this job, into
dialog: taking care of my clients - and I
dialog: know I don’t put myself out there
dialog: at all - but still - 10 years.
dialog: Isn't that pathetic?
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: I don’t think so. I don’t think
dialog: I’ve ever had one. Again, by
dialog: choice, but -
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: The thing that I hate most about
dialog: this day - honestly - is that I’m
dialog: embarrassed. I’m embarrassed that
dialog: it makes me feel as bad about being
text: alone as it does.
text: Kara starts to tear up again. She puts her head in her
text: hands, now really crying. Kelvin sits there, not knowing
text: what to do. He puts his ARM AROUND HER, and she sinks into
text: him, sobbing now.
text: After a few moments, her crying subsides. She pulls back
text: from Kelvin, wipes her eyes, now embarrassed.
speaker_heading: KARA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m really sorry. I don’t even
dialog: know you.
dialog: 2/18/9 78.
text: She gets up and goes back to her desk. He gets up as well,
text: in a bit of shock.
speaker_heading: KARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway - I’m sending word out now
dialog: that Sean’s press conference will
dialog: be at 6 at the Century Plaza.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Oh. OK.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Sorry you came all this way for
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: No. It was - no problem.
text: Kelvin looks at her, mind searching for something else to
text: say. He comes up with nothing. So he just turns and goes.
scene_heading: INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Edison and Janice stand in the kitchen. Edgar and Estelle
text: both sit at the kitchen table, phone in Estelle’s hand.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: (still upset)
dialog: Tomorrow is not gonna work.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: They weren't taking any new orders,
dialog: dear. She’ll get them tomorrow.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: But tomorrow is too late! It has
dialog: to be today!
text: Edison runs out of the room, the sound of his bedroom door
text: slamming echoes down the hall. Silence in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: He’ll be fine. Today is a lot of
dialog: pressure for anyone, let alone such
text: a young boy.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Tell me about it.
text: Estelle looks at Janice, reading her face.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: Everything OK with you and Alex?
dialog: 2/18/9 79.
text: Janice looks at them, deciding whether to open up. She pulls
text: out a chair, sits at the table.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I don’t know. Not really.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: It’s what hasn’t happened,
dialog: actually. OK - you guys promise -
dialog: no judgement?
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: Sweetie it’s us - of course not.
text: Janice takes a breath and then dives in.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Alex and I were supposed to have
text: sex today. For the first time.
dialog: Both of us for the first time.
text: Edgar and Estelle share a look, careful not to show any
dialog: judgement.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT'D)
dialog: And it was supposed to be -
dialog: magical. But I’m realizing now how
dialog: hard it is to plan something
dialog: magical.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: That it is.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I just wanted something special to
dialog: carry us through, you know? He’s
dialog: going to Stanford, I’m going to
dialog: Yale - it’s going to be nearly
dialog: impossible to stay together. These
dialog: things never work out. I know
dialog: that. But I just thought if we had
dialog: something really amazing connecting
dialog: us that we might have a better
dialog: shot.
text: Janice stops, takes stock of what’s she’s been saying.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT’D)
dialog: And now - saying it all out loud -
dialog: I just feel stupid.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 2/18/9 80.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT’D)
dialog: Like - what, I’m going to sleep
dialog: with just one person in my entire
dialog: life? That’s just - preposterous.
dialog: Who does that?
text: A small smile comes across Edgar’s face. He looks to
text: Estelle, then back to Janice.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: We did.
text: Janice looks at them in disbelief.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: No.
text: Edgar nods proudly.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT’D)
dialog: That's amazing.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Now, granted, it was a different
dialog: time. People married earlier, and
dialog: weren’t as promiscuous as they are
dialog: now. They were more promiscuous
dialog: than the movies of the time would
dialog: lead you to believe, but still...
text: Edgar looks to Estelle, trying to bring her into the
text: conversation, but she looks - odd. She’s staring off, not
text: meeting his eye. Edgar continues.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (CONT'D)
dialog: And we went through several periods
dialog: where we were apart - months where
dialog: I was away on business or Estelle
dialog: was off on location - and we
dialog: managed to make it through.
text: As Edgar keeps talking, tears begin to well up in Estelle’s
text: eyes. He’s oblivious, while Janice becomes aware something
dialog: is wrong.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, I’m not saying it was easy, or
dialog: even that it’s something that you
dialog: should do. But just that it’s
dialog: possible. And it’s the thing I’m
dialog: most proud of. Being faithful to
dialog: one woman is the greatest
dialog: accomplishment of my life.
dialog: 2/18/9 81.
text: Edgar finishes, smiling, but Janice is now focused on
text: Estelle, who has tears running down her face.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: Janice. I hate to do this to you
dialog: again, but can you take the boy out
dialog: for awhile?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Um, I don’t know. I have class
dialog: tonight...
text: Janice looks at Estelle, sees what she’s going through.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT’D)
dialog: You know what, it’s fine. I/’11 -
dialog: skip it.
text: Janice gets up and heads toward Edison’s room. Estelle takes
text: Edgar’‘s hands. He looks confused and scared.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Honey, what is it?
text: She looks at him, not saying anything. He looks back at her,
dialog: waiting.
text: Then, he just - knows. He gets up and walks out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. EDISON’S ROOM - SAME
text: Janice opens the door to Edison's bedroom, but he’s nowhere
dialog: to be seen.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Edison?
text: She opens the closet, checks under the bed - nothing. Then
text: she notices it - THE OPEN WINDOW.
scene_heading: EXT. WILSHIRE BOULEVARD - AFTERNOON
text: Edison walks briskly down Wilshire, heading east, backpack on
text: his back. A few passersby give him an odd look, this kid out
text: for a stroll by himself, but he doesn’t even notice. He’s on
dialog: a mission.
scene_heading: INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - AFTERNOON
text: Janice stands outside the closed door to Edgar and Estelle’s
text: room, about to knock. Through the door she can hear the
text: muffled sound of an unmistakably serious conversation going
text: on inside. She thinks better of knocking, pulls her hand
dialog: down. She’ll have to deal with this herself.
dialog: 2/18/9 82.
text: She moves quickly down the hall and out the front door.
scene_heading: INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Edgar is packing a suitcase. His hands shaking. Estelle
text: stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: You were in Mexico, building those
dialog: new apartment complexes, and I was
text: alone with a two-year-old. Michael
dialog: used to come over, just to help.
dialog: You have no idea how much you need
dialog: to talk to an adult after days of
dialog: being with a child, and --
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Michael? You had an affair with my
dialog: business partner?
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: It was only one night. One night,
dialog: Edgar. And we both regretted it.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I called you every day, even when I
dialog: was so exhausted I couldn’t even
text: stand up long enough to take a
dialog: shower. I still called.
text: His movements are shaky. Estelle moves forward, puts her
text: arms around his waist.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: I’ve only loved one man in my life.
dialog: You.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Then why do this? Why tell me now?
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: Because I wanted you to know the
dialog: truth.
text: He closes the suitcase, snaps the locks. Faces her.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Sad fact is, Estelle, the truth
dialog: makes everything else seem like a
dialog: lie.
text: The look on his face is so final. He walks out the door.
dialog: 2/18/9 83.
scene_heading: INT. KTLA - HAIR/MAKEUP - EARLY EVENING
text: Kelvin sits in the makeup chair, tissue covering his suit.
text: The HAIR AND MAKEUP TEAM put on the finishing touches.
text: Susan appears at the door, takes in the scene.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Happy to be back doing what you
dialog: love?
text: Kelvin looks at her in the mirror, smiles.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: I don’t know. Today wasn’t so bad.
text: Susan takes a few steps in, perplexed.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Really? Well, I’m glad you enjoyed
dialog: yourself. Because it was pretty
dialog: bad on my end.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: How’s that?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Are you kidding? I ask you for
dialog: love and romance and what do you
dialog: give me? A guy removing tatoos?
dialog: Sex in movie theatres? A giant
dialog: rat?
text: Kelvin looks at her in the mirror, trying to figure out what
dialog: to say.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Look, Susan - I tried. I wanted it
dialog: to come out differently - but this
dialog: is just what presented itself.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Bullshit. You found what you
dialog: wanted to find.
text: Susan backs up, annoyed.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT’D)
dialog: You were right. I thought you were
dialog: capable of more - but I guess not.
dialog: You should definitely just stick to
dialog: sports.
dialog: 2/18/9 84.
text: With that, she leaves. Kelvin shares a look with the Hair
text: Guy, guilty.
scene_heading: INT. JULIA’S CAR - EARLY EVENING
text: Close on Julia, still in her black dress, as she drives. Her
text: face is quiet, still. Almost as if she’s trying to hold onto
dialog: this moment -- before anything is truly known and she’s
dialog: forced to change.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - NURSES’ STATION - EARLY EVENING
text: Labor & Delivery. Julia walks up to the nurses’ station. A
text: FILIPINO NURSE smiles at her.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Excuse me. I’m looking for Dr.
dialog: Copeland?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: He’s not here right now.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Can you tell me where he is?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Are you a patient? Is something
dialog: wrong?
text: Julia just looks at her.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: May I ask you something, woman to
dialog: woman?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Is Dr. Copeland married? Not
dialog: divorced or separated or living
dialog: apart. Or anything like that. But
dialog: flat out married to a woman named
dialog: Alexandra that he lives with in
dialog: Malibu?
text: The Nurse looks at her, realizing.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Yes. 15 years. And he has a
dialog: daughter.
text: Her shoulders drop, she releases her breath. Starts to turn
text: away. But the Nurse stops her.
dialog: 2/18/9 85.
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: Crustacean. 7 pm.
text: Julia looks up at the clock. It’s 6:35 p.m.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. CEDARS SINAI MEDICAL CENTER - LOS ANGELES - EARLY
speaker_heading: EVENING
text: Julia, in her car, still in her black dress, flies out of the
dialog: parking structure for the LA hospital. Letting us know now,
dialog: she’s in Los Angeles, not San Francisco.
text: Overnight bag in the seat beside her. She never got on the
dialog: plane.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS FELIZ HOME - NIGHT
text: A simple triplex. Fenced in by chain link. Not a great
dialog: neighborhood.
text: When the Rita Flora Delivery Van pulls up. Reed is still
text: driving. Alphonso is ASLEEP the passenger seat.
scene_heading: INT. RITA FLORA DELIVERY VAN - LOS FELIZ - NIGHT
text: Reed looks at Alphonso, totally PASSED OUT. He smiles,
text: shakes him gently on the shoulder. Alphonso stirs.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Get out. Go inside and be with your
dialog: wife.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: It’s fine. She knew I'd be working
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: So, surprise her. Someone around
dialog: here should have a happy
dialog: Valentine’s day.
text: Alphonso looks at him a moment, and nods.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: I can’t believe you let her get on
dialog: that plane.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I did everything I could to stop
dialog: her.
dialog: 2/18/9 86.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
text: But it doesn’t make sense. She
dialog: didn’t even want to go.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: And how do you know that? Another
dialog: inkling.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: Yeah. But maybe I’m off. I’m real
dialog: tired. Alphonso Junior just got
dialog: the Guitar Hero with the drumset
dialog: for his birthday. That was a
dialog: mistake.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Go. Be with your family.
text: He pats Reed on the shoulder, gets out of the car. Walks up
text: the path to his front door.
scene_heading: INT. CRUSTACEAN - BEVERLY HILLS - NIGHT
text: Beverly Hills. A giant lobster hanging in the center. The
text: height of expensive Valentine’s Day prix fixe dinners.
text: Harrison sits at a candlelit table with his wife, Alexandra.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDRA
dialog: Olivia's going to need braces.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: Genetic. You needed them. I
dialog: needed them. She needs them.
text: Julia walks in, her simple black dress is now BULGING. She’s
text: suddenly NINE MONTHS PREGNANT. She waddles, putting her
text: hands behind her hips, thrusting her fake belly out.
text: She spots Harrison and Alexandra, in a corner booth. Almost
text: loses her nerve. But she keeps going.
text: Midway, Harrison sees her. His eyes widen slightly, then he
text: quickly recovers his smooth composure.
text: Julia reaches the table. And then DOUBLES OVER.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Oh my god. Oh my god! Not now.
dialog: NOT NOW, GOD!
text: Alexandra immediately gets up and goes to her.
dialog: 2/18/9 87.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDRA
dialog: Are you OK?
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I don’t know. I’ve never had a
dialog: baby before.
text: Julia DOUBLES OVER again.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Ooooh! That was a big KICK!
text: Alexandra looks a little confused.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDRA
dialog: Oh, is he just kicking, or are you
dialog: having contractions?
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: What? Oh, umm, both. Kicks and
dialog: contractions. But mostly
dialog: contractions. Like BAD ones.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDRA
dialog: Are you here alone?
text: Julia looks at Harrison.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Yes. I’m alone. Again.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDRA
dialog: OK. You’re gonna be OK. My
text: husband is a doctor. He delivers
dialog: babies all the time.
text: Harrison is frozen in his seat. Alexandra looks at Harrison.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDRA
dialog: Harrison! A little help...
text: He starts to gets up. Reluctantly.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Oh, no. I don’t want to interrupt
dialog: your romantic meal with your WIFE.
dialog: I‘1l be just fine.
text: She goes to walk off, and then:
speaker_heading: JULIA
text: PEAS AND CARROTS! OH MY GOODNESS!
text: She holds her tummy in mock pain.
dialog: 2/18/9 88.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDRA
dialog: Harrison! Help the woman. Would
dialog: you like to sit?
text: Julia is writhing around in front of their table.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I’m so sorry. I really don’t want
dialog: to interrupt your sexy Valentine’s
dialog: day thing here -
text: Julia JOLTS again, making a big show of grabbing her belly.
text: Even doing some dramatic breathing.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Man, this little guy just will not
dialog: let up.
text: Harrison finally takes charge:
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: Ma’am, what often helps in the
dialog: early stages of contractions is a
dialog: brisk walk. Why don’t I take a
dialog: little stroll with you, and I can
dialog: time your contractions as we go.
dialog: That way I can give you a better
dialog: sense of where you stand.
text: Julia looks right at him. Stops the act.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: That’s OK. I think I know exactly
dialog: where I stand. Goodbye Dr.
dialog: Copeland.
text: Julia turns and heads off, walking confidently towards the
text: door, Harrison shrinking behind her.
text: She stops at the hostess stand, where the hostess holds TWO
text: GIANT SHOPPING BAGS, full of takeout containers.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: And we'll just charge these to ...
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: To my friend over there.
text: She turns and WAVES to Harrison who, though confused, WAVES
text: BACK. The hostess hands her the BAGS.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Thank you. And Happy Valentine's
dialog: day.
dialog: 2/18/9 89.
text: She pulls the pillow out of her shirt, hands it to the
text: hostess, and leaves with a SMILE GROWING ON HER FACE.
scene_heading: INT. POLO LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: Jason and Liz sit at a TINY table for two, squished in a line
text: next to countless other tables for two. The tables are in
text: military rows, way too close to one another, with a BIG TABLE
text: NUMBER marking each one.
text: They both look a little uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Sorry we had to wait so long. That
dialog: was ridiculous.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I thought if we got here at 6 it
dialog: would be pretty empty.
text: A WAITRESS approaches.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: So, would you like our four course
dialog: sweetheart’s menu, or our eight
dialog: course eternal love menu?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I don’t know, eternal love sounds
dialog: kinda nice...
text: Liz checks her watch.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I was thinking more like a salad.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (to waitress)
dialog: Maybe you have like a one course
dialog: ‘just dating’ menu?
text: The waitress doesn’t laugh.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: I think we need some more time.
text: Jason takes a sip of his water, tries to relax.
dialog: DUDE NEXT TO HIM
dialog: Dude - that’s my water.
dialog: 2/18/9 90.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Sorry. My bad. They really pack
dialog: us in there, huh?
text: The DUDE glares and slides his water closer. Jason looks to
text: Liz, forces a smile, checks out his menu.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: I heard the steaks are great here.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: You know what? I think I’m just
dialog: gonna have a cocktail. Is that OK?
text: Jason’ tries to cover his disappointment.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Yeah. I mean, the menu looks
dialog: great, and the place is lovely, and
dialog: I so appreciate you taking me out -
dialog: but, the thing is, I didn’t know we
dialog: were going out tonight - and I
dialog: actually committed to getting back.
dialog: I was hoping I could do both, but
dialog: it’s getting late -
text: Jason is stung.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I didn’t realize you had other
dialog: plans -
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: No, it’s just work --
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No. It’s cool. I actually have
dialog: some other plans, too.
text: An awkward beat. Then, Jason reaches into his pocket.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: But I did get you something. And
dialog: I'd really like for you to have it.
text: He pulls out a SMALL WRAPPED BOX. He hands it to her,
text: expectant.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: You didn’t have to.
dialog: 2/18/9 91.
text: She opens it. It’s the BUSINESS CARD HOLDER.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It’s for business cards. For when
dialog: you get promoted. I thought it was
dialog: the perfect gift - you know - co-
text: worker to co-worker.
text: Liz looks a little sad.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Oh. OK. Well, co-worker to co-
dialog: worker, thank you.
text: She reaches across the table and SHAKES HIS HAND. The date
text: has officially crashed and burned.
scene_heading: INT. CENTURY PLAZA HOTEL - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: In the hallway outside a conference room, Sean peers through
text: a cracked door into the room. It’s PACKED with reporters
text: ambling about, eating donuts, etc.
text: He closes the door, leans against the wall, takes a deep
dialog: breath.
text: Kara and Drew approach, ready to go. Sean straightens up
text: when he sees them.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: So. You sure you don’t want to run
dialog: by us what you’re gonna say?
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: No, I got it.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: We'd really like to know. Just so
dialog: we don’t look like fools up there.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: No man. It’s a surprise.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I’m a publicist Sean. I don’t like
dialog: surprises.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: I'm fine. I took the podium as the
dialog: losing quarterback in the Super
dialog: Bowl. I can handle this.
text: She looks at him, nods. He begins to pace around, getting
dialog: prepared.
dialog: 2/18/9 92.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: OK then. You ready?
text: Sean nods, amped.
scene_heading: INT. CENTURY PLAZA HOTEL - CONFERENCE ROOM - NIGHT
text: Sean stands at the podium, flanked by Kara and Drew. As Sean
text: collects his notes, Kara scans the crowd.
text: She finds KELVIN - NEAR THE BACK. They meet eyes. He gives
text: a small smile. She returns it.
text: Sean looks at his notes, then puts them down. Doesn’t need
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: SEAN (INTO MIC)
dialog: I'd like to thank everyone for
dialog: coming here tonight. And I’m not
dialog: gonna waste y’alls time with some
dialog: long winded thing here - I’m just
dialog: gonna get to it. The cliche is -
dialog: when someone’s retiring who really
dialog: doesn’t want to retire - they say
dialog: it’s because they want to spend
dialog: more time with their family. But I
dialog: don’t have a family. And with
dialog: everything football has given me -
dialog: the biggest thing it’s taken away
dialog: is that. Because of who I am,
dialog: because of my job, I can’t lead the
dialog: life I want to. So, with that in
dialog: mind, I’ll just say the thing I
dialog: came here to say.
text: Sean looks out over the crowd, gets a huge smile on his face.
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gay.
text: Stunned reaction from the crowd. Drew looks to Kara, who
text: clearly had no idea he was going to say this.
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And there’s someone out there,
dialog: hopefully watching this, who tried
dialog: to deal with me having to lie for
dialog: years and finally got fed up. This
dialog: is for you. I hope you can forgive
dialog: me.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Any questions? And be cool now -
dialog: I’m not above kicking any of y’alls
dialog: asses.
dialog: 2/18/9 93.
text: The reporters all look at each other, no one quite sure what
text: an appropriate question would be. Finally, a hand goes up in
text: the back. It’s Kelvin.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Kelvin Briggs - KTLA. I guess I’m
dialog: a little unclear. Are you
dialog: retiring?
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Oh, shit. Right. That.
dialog: (he laughs)
dialog: No. I’m not retiring.
text: Boisterous reaction from the crowd. Bulbs flashing like
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gay and I’m gonna play. How
dialog: about that?
text: Sean smiles at the podium as the floodgates open - a
text: cacophony of questions. KELVIN AND KARA MEET EYES across the
text: crowd, both clearly moved Sean’s declaration.
scene_heading: INT. CENTURY PLAZA HOTEL - HALLWAY
text: Sean exits into the hallway, Kara in tow, insanity still
text: going on in the conference room behind them.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: OK. I’m gonna head back to the
dialog: office now. We’ll set up
dialog: interviews - maybe late night shows
dialog: - and then -
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Kara - stop. There’s nothing to
dialog: do. It’s already done.
text: Kara looks at him, taking this in. She gets a huge smile on
text: her face.
speaker_heading: KARA
speaker_heading: SEAN!
text: She envelops him in a big hug. He hugs her back.
scene_heading: INT. LAX - NIGHT
text: Holden and Kate both exit the jetway into the gate. A bit
text: bleary-eyed but happy to have landed.
dialog: 2/18/9 94.
text: As they walk through the terminal, they come upon a GROUP OF
text: PEOPLE SURROUNDING A TV. They stop to check it out.
text: ON THE TV - ESPN.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
text: So, Sean Jackson is not retiring.
dialog: And he also wants you to know
dialog: something else...
text: They cut to the clip of Sean’s press conference -
speaker_heading: SEAN (ON TV)
dialog: I’m gay.
text: WITH THE CROWD IN THE AIRPORT - as they react
text: enthusiastically. Kate and Holden stare at the screen.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Wow. Good for him.
text: Holden smiles.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Yeah.
text: They continue through the terminal.
scene_heading: EXT. BAGGAGE CLAIM - LAX - NIGHT
text: Holden walks out through the sliding glass doors of Baggage
text: Claim. A Driver at his side, pushing his expensive leather
text: bags on a cart.
speaker_heading: AT THE CURB
text: Holden turns, looking for Kate. He finds her, standing in
text: the long taxi line. Holden says to the Driver:
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Just a minute.
speaker_heading: LAX DRIVER
dialog: Certainly, sir.
text: Holden walks over to Kate. Taps her gently on her back. She
text: turns around, surprised to see him.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: This is quite a line.
text: Kate looks at him. Her reserve back. A confidant on the
text: plane has now become a stranger in the city.
dialog: 2/18/9 95.
speaker_heading: KATE
text: It’s moving. Slowly but surely.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: I've got a car -
text: He looks back toward his patiently waiting driver.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: That’s nice of you, but I’m up in
dialog: the hills - it would be too far out
dialog: of your way ---
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: That’s not what I mean. You take
dialog: it. I’1l wait for a cab. You've
dialog: come so far for just a few hours -
text: Kate starts to tear up.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Don’t worry. It’s paid for. It/’l1l
dialog: take you wherever you want to go.
text: She looks at him, amazed at his generosity.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Thank you.
text: She envelops him in a huge hug.
scene_heading: INT. JANICE’S CAR - NIGHT
text: Janice drives slowly, weaving in and out of the neighborhood
text: streets off 6th Street. She peers out the window, looking
text: for Edison, growing more concerned by the second. She pulls
text: out her phone and dials.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Come on Edison, pick up.
text: She waits.
scene_heading: EXT. WILSHIRE BOULEVARD - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON: Edison’s backpack, CEL PHONE RINGING in the side
text: netted pocket.
text: WIDEN TO: Edison still walking alone, considerably slower
text: than he did at the outset. With all the traffic noise, he
text: doesn’t hear his phone ring.
dialog: 2/18/9 96.
text: It’s getting dark, and this part of Wilshire looks a little
text: sketchy when the sun goes down. But as he approaches La
text: Brea, he gets a second wind and puts it into high gear.
scene_heading: EXT. ANARKALI INDIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Kara pulls up in her Land Rover, gets a ticket from the
text: Valet. She goes around to the passenger side and pulls out
text: her BIG BAG OF DECORATIONS, shuts the door and heads into the
dialog: restaurant.
scene_heading: INT. ANARKALI INDIAN RESTAURANT - CONTINUOUS
text: The New Delhi temple interior of this family-run Indian house
text: is full of exotic fabrics. Red archways. Traditional Indian
text: music plays. Murals of romantic Indian love scenes.
scene_heading: IN THE KITCHEN
text: Ten year old student RANI (Edison’s classmate) picks up more
text: empty water glasses when her father, DEECHUM, Indian (30s),
text: stops her.
speaker_heading: DEECHUM
dialog: Rani. What is wrong? You've been
dialog: moping all day.
text: Her brother, SHANTUM (14), enters, grabs more napkins.
speaker_heading: SHANTUM
dialog: It is Valentine’s Day, Father.
speaker_heading: DEECHUM
dialog: Is this about a boy? When it is
dialog: time, your mother and I will find
dialog: you a nice Indian boy.
text: Rani walks out, into the restaurant, passing ALEX - the
text: delivery boy - who’s heading out with another delivery.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Cheer up, Rani. I’11 be your
dialog: Valentine.
text: He gives her a sweet big brother smile.
scene_heading: IN THE RESTAURANT
text: Kara is now standing on the booth, back to us, aggressively
text: tying off her home-printed banner -- I HATE VALENTINE’S DAY --
text: between the two columns of the booth.
text: She takes a string of hearts, now cut in half, and hangs them
text: framing the booth.
dialog: 2/18/9 97.
text: She takes a look at it, satisfied, and plops down onto the
text: seat. Reaches for a glass of wine, drains it.
text: She looks at the door. And waits. No one.
text: She sits. The banner FALLS OFF OF ONE OF THE COLUMNS BEHIND
text: HER. It just hangs there.
text: She doesn’t turn around. Doesn’t even bother to fix it.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD FOREVER CEMETERY - SANTA MONICA BLVD. - NIGHT
text: Night. CLOSE on the headstones of dead Hollywood stars. Mel
text: Blanc, Douglas Fairbanks, Tyrone Power, Bugsy Siegel.
text: The cemetery - where some of old hollywood's biggest stars
text: are buried - is filling with couples who spread blankets on
text: the lawn, ready to watch the movie projected outside. A SIGN
text: advertises tonight’s movie: PILLOW TALK
text: Jason walks past the tickets line, tickets in hand.
text: As he passes, Edgar makes it to the front of the line.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Just one please.
speaker_heading: TICKET VENDOR
dialog: I’m sorry sir. This line is just
dialog: for will call. We are completely
dialog: sold out.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: You don’t understand -
speaker_heading: TICKET VENDOR
dialog: Here’s our brochure - maybe you can
dialog: come back for another event.
text: Before Edgar can respond again, Jason swoops in.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It’s OK. He’s with me.
text: Edgar looks up, Jason holds up TWO TICKETS. He follows Jason
text: out of the ticket line.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Thank you very much, young man.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No problem. I had an extra.
dialog: 2/18/9 98.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: It’s Valentine’s Day. There’s got
dialog: to be a story there.
text: Jason hands TWO TICKETS to the USHER at the entry gate, and
text: they walk in together.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Not a good one.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Not a good story, or not a good
dialog: ending.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I don’t know. Neither.
text: Edgar gives him a doubtful look.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: This girl I was dating ditched out
dialog: on me. Like the worst Valentine’s
dialog: Day story ever.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Oh really? Today I found out my
dialog: wife cheated on me.
text: Jason looks at him - touche. Edgar holds up a silver flask.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Bourbon?
text: Jason smiles. Definitely.
scene_heading: INT. RITA FLORA - LA BREA AVENUE - NIGHT
text: It’s still busy, mostly men rushing in before they drive
text: home. Reed walks in, still clinging to his BLACK BOX. Not
text: the upbeat Reed we’re used to. He watches as his clerks move
text: quickly and efficiently.
text: Edison enters, exhausted from his walk. He’s so out of
text: breath he can barely talk. But he trudges right up to Reed,
text: who can’t believe his eyes.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: (between gulps of air)
dialog: You. Owe. Me. Flowers.
text: Reed looks at him, full of guilt. He looks down to the box
text: in his hands, gets an idea. Smiles.
dialog: 2/18/9 99.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Where to?
text: Edison looks at Reed. His face lights up.
scene_heading: INT. ANARKALI INDIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Kara’s now a few glasses of wine in. The remains of the meal
text: she ate surround her. And she’s still by herself.
text: She checks her watch - the look on her face says it’s time to
dialog: call it quits.
text: She gets up on the booth, her back to the door, and starts to
text: take down the string of hearts. Then from behind her:
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Did I miss the party?
text: Kara turns around to find KELVIN. Standing there. WITH
text: FLOWERS. She can’t help but smile. He can’t either.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD FOREVER CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: Both Edgar and Jason are a little inebriated now. The film
text: playing in the background.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: So tell me about your girl. Where
dialog: is she?
text: Jason looks at him.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: She said she had to go back to
dialog: work. But that’s probably bullshit
dialog: - I mean, it’s probably not the
dialog: truth -
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I know what bullshit means, son.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: So she’s probably just blowing me
dialog: off.
text: As Edgar takes this in, he looks up to the screen to see:
text: ON THE SCREEN: A scene with a young 20 something starlet
text: talking to Rock Hudson on the telephone.
text: Edgar smiles, nudges Jason. Gestures to the screen.
dialog: 2/18/9 100.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: That’s my girl.
text: Jason looks to the screen - his mouth drops open.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You're kidding. She was HOT.
text: Edgar nods, still looking at the screen.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: She still is.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Wow. You sure you wanna let that
dialog: go?
text: Edgar looks at the screen, thinks about that.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: You know - I have this story I tell
dialog: my grandson about how we met. I
dialog: tell it the same every time - it
dialog: goes like this: I was nineteen.
dialog: Estelle was eighteen. I was an
dialog: architect. I worked in the front
text: office with a big window. She
dialog: would come out every morning and
dialog: post the mail. I thought she was
dialog: the prettiest girl I’d ever seen,
dialog: so I got up my courage and waited
text: by the postbox to say hello. Only
dialog: I didn’t say a word because I was
dialog: afraid. So she pushed me aside,
dialog: and said, “Move, big fella.” But I
dialog: kept coming back every day until
dialog: she agreed to go out with me.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That’s a nice story.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: It is. Too bad it’s, as you say,
dialog: bullshit.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I mean, don’t get me wrong, all of
dialog: that happened. But the part I
dialog: leave out is what happened after.
dialog: Our first date was a crushing
dialog: failure.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 2/18/9 101.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (cont'd)
dialog: I was so nervous I stalled out my
dialog: car, forgot my wallet, made
dialog: horribly awkward conversation - I
dialog: thought she’d never want to see me
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: But she did.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: After a few weeks, yes. But I had
dialog: put so much pressure on that one
dialog: date that it was bound to fail.
dialog: Our second date we went on a walk.
dialog: That’s it. It wasn’t until we
dialog: stripped away all expectation that
dialog: we really began to fall in love.
text: Edgar looks back at the screen, at the beautiful image of his
text: young wife. Jason does, too, thinking about what he’s heard.
scene_heading: INT. ANARKALI INDIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Kara and Kelvin now sit at the booth talking, the flowers
text: between them. She still can’t stop smiling.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: So wait - how did you find me?
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Your assistant Jan and I have
dialog: become pretty close today - so -
text: Kara laughs.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Right.
text: They look at each other, not knowing what to say next. But
text: it’s not a bad silence - sort of a good hopeful awkward one.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: So - I have to know. Did you know
dialog: about Sean? I mean - before today.
text: Kara tries to hide her smile.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I did. I had my suspicions for a
dialog: while, but he finally told me a few
dialog: years ago. I think I was one of
dialog: the only people he ever told.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 2/18/9 102.
speaker_heading: KARA (cont'd)
dialog: And I guess I always assumed he’d
dialog: retire at some point and just fade
dialog: away - get a chance to lead the
dialog: life he wanted - but -
dialog: (she thinks about it)
dialog: I don’t know. Seeing him up there,
dialog: doing what he did - it just made me
dialog: realize -
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: You can have both.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Yeah. You can have both.
text: Kara and Kelvin look at each other, a definite connection.
text: Which is broken by the door opening. JULIA ENTERS.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I am so sorry I’m late.
text: Kara looks up - can’t believe it. Julia comes over and joins
text: them, still holding the shopping bags from the restaurant.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: What are you doing here? What
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I - it doesn’t matter. I’m here
dialog: now.
text: Kara can tell by the look on her face that it’s not good.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Look, I just - I really don’t wanna
dialog: talk about it.
text: She starts to unpack the shopping bags - exquisite DESSERTS
text: from Crustacean, about 20 of them.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Anyway - my contribution to the
dialog: party. Molten lava chocolate
dialog: hearts. Normally 100 bucks a pop.
dialog: But I got a great deal.
text: Kelvin helps her unpack the remaining desserts. As he does -
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Hi. I’m Julia.
text: She extends her hand. He shakes it.
dialog: 2/18/9 103.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: Kelvin.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: So - Kelvin - how do you come to
dialog: this sad affair?
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: I’m actually Kara’s date.
text: Julia looks to Kara - who looks as surprised as she does.
text: The DOOR OPENS again, TWO WOMEN RUSH IN, FLUSTERED. It’s
text: DANA AND ELISE (BOTH 30'S). They approach the table.
text: Kara and Julia can’t believe their eyes.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: What the hell?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: (to Dana)
dialog: Yeah, I thought you were going out
dialog: with your new boyfriend.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: (to Elise)
dialog: And I thought you got back together
dialog: with your old boyfriend.
text: Dana and Elise share a look. Then, in unison -
speaker_heading: DANA AND ELISE
speaker_heading: SAME GUY!
speaker_heading: JULIA AND KARA
speaker_heading: WHAT?
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: Yeah. You know how restaurants
dialog: have two seatings on Valentine's
dialog: Day?
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: That’s what James was trying to
dialog: pull off.
text: Julia and Kara look at each other in disbelief.
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: Now please. If you don’t mind.
dialog: Lead me to the alcohol.
dialog: 2/18/9 104.
text: Julia obliges, pouring them some wine. Kara looks to Kelvin,
text: who shoots her a smile. She smiles back, taking in her
dialog: party, which actually didn’t turn out half bad.
scene_heading: INT. JANICE’S CAR - NIGHT
text: Janice sits at a stoplight, scanning the intersection, hoping
dialog: for some kind of miracle.
text: As she waits there, a VAN pulls up to her left and stops at
text: the light. We can clearly see EDISON SITTING IN THE
text: PASSENGER SEAT, Reed driving.
text: Janice continues to look around the intersection, oblivious
text: to Edison right next to her.
text: But when the light turns green, the van starts to pull away.
text: Janice looks to her left at the last second, catching a
text: glimpse of Edison (who doesn’t see her). Her eyes go WIDE.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: SHIT! NO! You’re not supposed to
dialog: get into vans!
text: But as the van passes, she sees the RITA FLORA logo, and
text: relaxes a bit. She changes lanes and gets behind the van,
dialog: following up La Brea.
scene_heading: EXT. ANARKALI INDIAN RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: The van pulls up, Reed and Edison hop out. As Reed goes to
text: the back to grab the flower, Janice’s car pulls up.
text: She jumps out and makes a bee-line for Edison, who starts
text: apologizing before she can even talk.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: I'm sorry -
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: You can’t do that to me -
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: I know - I know -
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I’m responsible for you Edison. Do
dialog: you understand that?
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: I do. But you weren’t - no one was
dialog: - no one was helping me. I just
dialog: had to do it myself.
dialog: 2/18/9 105.
text: Janice looks at him as Reed approaches with the BOX, takes in
dialog: the scene.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Everything OK?
text: Edison looks to Janice, hopeful. She softens.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Everything's fine.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Do you want me to come in with you?
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: No. Thanks. I made it this far.
dialog: I want to do this alone.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: OK. Do you have your cel phone?
text: Edison nods.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Good. Text me when you’re done and
dialog: I‘1l pick you up here.
text: Edison nods. He takes the box from Reed.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Thanks Mr. Flora.
text: Reed smiles.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Anytime.
text: Edison walks to the front of the restaurant and enters.
text: Janice walks back to her car. But Reed just stands there,
text: not sure what to do. Instead of going to his van, he heads
text: toward the front door of the restaurant.
scene_heading: EXT. ANARKALI INDIAN RESTAURANT - BACK ALLEY - SAME
text: Janice pulls around to the back alley behind the restaurant.
text: She puts the car in park and sits back - turns up the stereo.
text: Her PHONE BUZZES.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s quick. This can’t be good.
text: She grabs the phone - it’s not from Edison. It’s a NEW TEXT
dialog: from Alex:
dialog: Now?
dialog: 2/18/9 106.
text: She looks up to see Alex, standing at the back door of the
text: restaurant, delivery bag in hand. She smiles. He does as
dialog: well.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD FOREVER CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: Edgar now alone, waiting for the climactic scene in the
text: movie. Watching closely as:
speaker_heading: ON THE CRYPT
text: The film plays. And it’s Estelle. A young Estelle.
text: Beautiful. A life barely lived. Rapturously kissing Rock
text: Hudson when a BODY stands in front of the crypt, blocking the
text: images for the entire audience. Who immediately shouts:
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE
dialog: Get the hell out of the way! Move
dialog: it! Now!
text: When the body steps fully into the light so we can see her
text: clearly. It’s Estelle.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: Edgar! Edgar! I know you’re here!
dialog: We come every year! Edgar!
text: More angry voices from the Audience.
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE
dialog: Who the hell is Edgar? Get her the
dialog: hell outta there! What the --?
text: When the voice returns his call:
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Estelle? Estelle? Over here!
text: Estelle peers into the darkness to find Edgar, waving the
text: silver flask.
text: Edgar starts running to her. The best he can for an older
text: man. She too, makes her way to him....
text: And they run, dodging headstones. People. Picnic baskets.
text: And they meet. Tears in her eyes. In his. She looks at
text: him. Hopeful. When he takes her into her arms. And kisses
text: her. In perfect sync with the movie playing behind them.
scene_heading: INT. JANICE’S CAR - NIGHT
text: Janice and Alex make out with abandon in the back seat of her
text: car. Janice pulls back, looks at Alex.
dialog: 2/18/9
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Are you sure you don’t need to
dialog: deliver that food?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What? No. I mean - eventually.
dialog: But we’ve got time.
text: Alex goes back to kissing her. She stops.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Because you know how annoyed I get
dialog: when deliveries take a long time,
dialog: and I would hate -
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Seriously? Are we talking about
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: You're right. I’m - just a little
dialog: nervous.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Sure. Sure. To be expected.
text: They go back to kissing. Janice stops again.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I’m sorry. Can you put that bag
dialog: outside or something. It kind of -
dialog: smells.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What? I thought you loved the food
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I do. It doesn’t smell bad. It
text: just smells. Like Indian food.
dialog: And I didn’t envision my first time
dialog: would go down with Saag Paneer
text: wafting around.
text: Alex gets it. He reaches into the front seat, grabs the bag,
text: opens the door and places it outside.
text: He goes back to kissing her. She stops him again.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT’D)
dialog: Sorry - again. Can we shift a
dialog: little? This seat belt is really -
dialog: jamming -
dialog: 2/18/9 108.
text: They shift over a little.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT'D)
dialog: - there. Better.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You good?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I’m good.
text: Just as they’re about to start kissing again, Janice stops
dialog: Alex one last time.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT'D)
dialog: OK. This isn’t working.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You're right. Should we try my
dialog: back seat? It’s a little bigger -
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: No, Alex. Not this. THIS.
text: He doesn’t get it.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT’D)
dialog: Us. We’re not working.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What are you talking about? We’re
dialog: great.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I know. I know you and I are
dialog: great. But - where we are - what’s
dialog: about to happen - that’s not great.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Alex - we're both about to embark
text: on something huge. Separately.
dialog: And I just think we need to be able
dialog: to do that - figure out who we are -
dialog: experience new things. Separately.
dialog: I just don’t want us to look back
dialog: 60 years from now and have any
dialog: regrets.
text: Alex slumps back in his seat, crushed. Silence.
dialog: 2/18/9 109.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT'D)
dialog: I wanted to do this because I
dialog: thought it would be something that
dialog: would keep us together.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: But now I see that it’s just
dialog: something that’s going to hold us
dialog: back.
text: Alex just looks at her.
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m really sorry Alex.
text: Alex doesn’t know what to say. He just opens the door and
text: gets out of the car.
scene_heading: INT. ANARKALI INDIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Determined, Edison walks into Anarkali carrying the black
text: box. The diners smile back at the little boy.
text: Edison spots Julia at the back table. He approaches, and as
text: he nears, Julia turns and sees him -
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Edison? What are you doing here?
scene_heading: AT THE FRONT DOOR
text: Reed enters the restaurant. Takes a few steps in to watch
text: Edison deliver his flowers. But then he sees who Edison is
text: approaching - JULIA. Reed can’t believe his eyes.
scene_heading: WITH EDISON AND JULIA
text: As Edison stops in front of Julia, box in hand. Now the
text: whole party is watching. He holds it out to her.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: This is for you.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: For me?
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Are you sure?
dialog: 2/18/9 110.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Very sure.
text: Julia reluctantly takes the box, not sure what to say. She
text: opens it, looks inside, and looks for a good long time at its
text: contents before she closes the box and smiles at Edison.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Well, that’s amazingly nice Edison.
dialog: I’m not sure why you’re doing this,
dialog: but-
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Because I love you.
text: Julia looks at Edison, heart breaking. She kneels down to
text: his level, looks him in the eye, talks to him quietly.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Listen - I’m sure you’re pretty
dialog: serious about this - but you don’t
dialog: really love me. I’m your teacher.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: But I do.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: OK. I don’t think - you just -
text: Julia’s really floundering.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: You're saying I have no shot with
dialog: you.
text: Julia laughs out loud.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Oh I get that. The age difference
dialog: alone would be difficult to
dialog: overcome. I just - I want to give
dialog: you flowers. I feel like you
dialog: deserve so much more than you’re
dialog: getting.
text: This really hits Julia hard. He’s right. As she tries to
text: process this, she sees REED TAKE A FEW MORE STEPS INTO THE
scene_heading: RESTAURANT. THEY LOCK EYES.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Honestly, Edison, this is the
dialog: nicest thing anyone has ever done
dialog: for me. Sadly, I mean that.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 2/18/9
speaker_heading: JULIA (cont'd)
dialog: But I really think you should be
dialog: giving this to someone else.
text: Edison looks confused.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Someone who’s more - appropriate.
dialog: Someone who can appreciate these
dialog: more than I can.
dialog: 111.
text: Julia looks to the back of the restaurant where RANI STANDS,
text: watching the scene. Edison looks to Rani, then back to
dialog: Julia.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Rani? But I don’t love her. She's
dialog: just my friend.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: OK. What makes Rani your friend?
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: I don’t know. She has Tom Waits on
dialog: her iPod. That’s pretty cool for a
dialog: fifth grader.
text: Julia smiles, then looks to Reed.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Well, sometimes, those things you
dialog: like about someone as a friend -
dialog: they’re the things that turn them
dialog: into someone you love.
text: Reed looks at Julia, affected by what she’s said.
dialog: considers this.
scene_heading: INT. CAA - NIGHT
dialog: Edison
text: The wide corridor - lined with assistant’s desks - is dark
text: and quiet. Except for one, where Liz sits alone, on the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Okay. It sounds like we have
dialog: everyone. I’1l add Erin. One
dialog: moment.
text: She pushes a few buttons on her phone.
dialog: 2/18/9 112.
speaker_heading: LIZ (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi, Erin. They’re ready for you.
text: She pushes a few more buttons, stays on the phone for a
text: moment, and then puts the receiver back down, the conference
text: call LIT UP RED on her phone.
text: She stares out the window - until she hears a STRANGE
text: SQUEAKING. She looks a little alarmed - and turns to see
text: Jason, wheeling a cart full of mail down the corridor.
text: She is stunned. She watches him NONCHALANTLY deliver mail to
text: empty desks, until arriving at hers.
speaker_heading: LIZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (no big deal)
dialog: Oh. Hey.
text: She’s not sure what to make of him.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Doing a little overtime?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Look, you don’t get ahead in this
dialog: town without taking a little
dialog: initiative.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Wait, you’re really here to -
text: But before she can finish her sentence - he pulls a STARBUCKS
text: CUP out of his cart.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: White mocha, right?
text: She looks at him, and SMILES WIDE.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Yes.
text: He hands it to her.
speaker_heading: LIZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I’m sorry about tonight.
dialog: 2/18/9 113.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Me, too.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I just - I like you. And I didn’t
dialog: know what to do about today - what
dialog: was too much and what was too
dialog: little.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: This is perfect.
text: She reaches up and KISSES HIM. A LONG, PASSIONATE KISS.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: So, you have to be here for a
dialog: while?
text: She points to the phone - where the line is still LIT UP.
speaker_heading: LIZ
text: Until they’re done with the call.
dialog: You want to hang out with me?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah.
text: He sits on the floor of her cubby, back against her filing
text: drawers. She grabs her mocha and sits next to him.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I like you too.
text: Jason beams.
scene_heading: INT. ANARKALI INDIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Reed watches as Edison stands across from Rani at the front
dialog: of the restaurant.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: I’m really sorry about what those
dialog: girls did to you today.
speaker_heading: RANI
dialog: That’s OK. They’re not that smart.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: They're not, right?
text: Edison stands there awkwardly, holding the black box.
dialog: 2/18/9 114.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Well anyway, here.
text: He hands her the bouquet. She takes the box, opens it.
text: Pulls out the SINGLE FLOWER. It’s a RARE THAI PARROT FLOWER.
text: Deep, vibrant purple, like no other flower you’ve ever seen.
text: And amazingly shaped like a PARROT. It’s stunning.
text: Rani can’t believe her eyes.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: I don’t usually go for girls my
dialog: age, but you’re pretty
dialog: sophisticated.
speaker_heading: RANI
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: I don’t really have anything else
dialog: to say.
speaker_heading: RANI
dialog: Me either.
text: Rani smiles at Edison. He smiles back.
text: WITH REED - as he approaches Julia at the other side of the
dialog: restaurant.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: So. You're here.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Yep. Back at the Valentine’s Day
dialog: singles dinner. A loser once
dialog: again.
dialog: (off the reaction of the
dialog: other party guests)
dialog: Sorry guys.
text: Reed takes her arm, gently guides her a bit away.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: You are not a loser. You just -
dialog: deserve better.
text: Julia smiles, a bit taken aback by the compliment.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: So why didn’t you go?
dialog: 2/18/9 115.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Honestly? Because somewhere, deep
dialog: inside, I did know. I knew that it
dialog: wasn’t right. But I also knew that
dialog: you were getting married, and that
dialog: what you and I had, our friendship
dialog: as we knew it, was going to end.
dialog: So I just blinded myself to all the
dialog: signs. Because I didn’t want to be
dialog: left with nothing.
text: Reed looks at her, a small smile crosses his face. He takes
text: one imperceptible step towards her.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: And now that I have nothing?
text: Julia stands her ground, matches his smile.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Then I guess we can both have
dialog: nothing. Together.
text: Reed now breaks out into a wide grin. Julia does too, she
dialog: can’t help herself.
speaker_heading: BEGIN MONTAGE:
dialog: Music cue: This Will Be Our Year - The Zombies
scene_heading: INT. KTLA NEWS ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kelvin sits behind the news desk, doing his 10 o’clock
dialog: report.
speaker_heading: KELVIN
dialog: I'd like to take a moment and
dialog: comment on the story we reported
dialog: earlier - Sean Jackson's coming
text: out. A ground-breaking day in
dialog: sports, for sure - Mr. Jackson's
dialog: name likely to be remembered along
dialog: side the likes of Jackie Robinson,
dialog: Muhammad Ali, Billie Jean King.
dialog: But let’s let future generations
dialog: decide where to place this. Today,
dialog: of all days, I would like to look
dialog: at this act not as one of defiance,
dialog: or wall-busting, or history making -
dialog: but simply as this: what a man
dialog: will do for love.
text: Off camera - Susan watches, pleased. And standing a few feet
text: away from her - KARA, beaming ear to ear.
dialog: 2/18/9 116.
scene_heading: INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - DOORWAY/HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Darkness. A FIGURE uses a key, enters the home, walking
text: softly inside the sleeping household.
text: The FIGURE quietly makes its way down the hallway towards the
text: back of the house. Reaches a closed door. Pushes it open.
scene_heading: INT. EDGAR & ESTELLE’S HOUSE - EDISON’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Posters of the Space Shuttle and the Solar System on the
text: walls. Edison is sound asleep. His hair covers his face.
text: A HAND touches him gently. Edison slowly stirs. The Hand
text: shakes him a bit harder this time. Until he opens his eyes.
text: SHOCK on his face. Not believing what he’s seeing. He
text: reaches over and turns on a lamp, shaped like a rocket ship.
text: The Figure is: KATE. Still in her soldier uniform.
speaker_heading: EDISON
dialog: Mommy! You’re here!
text: She pulls him into her arms. Breathing in his scent.
text: Kissing his eyes, his face, his ears. Anything she can.
scene_heading: IN THE DOORWAY
text: Stands Edgar and Estelle, in their pajamas, holding hands.
text: They silently watch the reunion of their daughter and their
text: grandson. Then quietly turn and give them space.
scene_heading: INT. JANICE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Janice sits up in her bed, which is still surrounded by the
text: candles Alex brought. They are all lit. She’s paging
text: through the YALE COURSE CATALOG.
text: Her PHONE BUZZES. She picks it up - there’s a NEW TEXT
scene_heading: MESSAGE FROM ALEX:
dialog: I’l1l always love you.
text: She smiles, closes her phone. Curls up in bed.
scene_heading: INT. ALPHONSO’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Alphonso and his WIFE are dead asleep, buffered by their kids
text: - ALPHONSO JR. (6) AND CARMEN (4) who sleep between them.
dialog: 2/18/9 117.
scene_heading: EXT. BEVERLY BLVD - NIGHT
text: Jason and Liz drive down Beverly, BOTH ON HIS VESPA. As he
text: weaves in and out of traffic, she holds on for dear life,
dialog: laughing the whole time.
scene_heading: EXT. MALIBU HOME - NIGHT
text: Sean sits on the deck, watching the moon reflect off the
text: ocean. He seems relaxed, at peace.
text: He hears the sliding door from his house open, turns to see:
text: HOLDEN - standing there with his bags. Sean can’t believe
text: his eyes. He rushes to him and hugs him - holds him tight.
text: They both tear up.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: You saw?
text: Holden nods, still hugging Sean.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: This isn’t going to be easy.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: I don’t care.
text: Holden looks at Sean, taking him in.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: So what next?
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: How do you feel about Buffalo?
text: Holden smiles, follows Sean back in the house.
scene_heading: EXT. RITA FLORA - NIGHT
text: From outside, we can see into the lit up cafe side of the
text: store. It’s empty except for one table - Reed and Julia sit
text: across from each other, talking.
text: As they laugh, completely at ease with each other, the camera
text: moves up, looking down 6th street, downtown LA coming into
dialog: view.
text: We then tilt up to the night sky, stopping at the bright
text: white moon, which looks like a heart. Not really. It just
text: looks like the moon.
dialog: The end.
dialog: 
