dialog: 
speaker_heading: VALKYRIE
dialog: Written by
dialog: Christopher McQuarrie &amp; Nathan Alexander
dialog: January 8, 2007
dialog: I swear by God this sacred oath:
dialog: That I shall render unconditional obedience to
dialog: Adolf Hitler, the Führer of the German Reich, and
dialog: that I shall at all times be prepared, as a brave
dialog: soldier, to give my life for this oath.
speaker_heading: 1 BLACK 1
text: And from out of the blackness a voice. A man speaking
text: in German - faint at first, crackling over the radio.
text: Subtitles translate the voice of Adolf Hitler.
speaker_heading: HITLER (V.O.)
dialog: My comrades. Once again - I don't
dialog: know how many times it has been now
dialog: - an attempt has been made on my
dialog: life. I speak to you tonight for
dialog: two reasons. First, so that you can
dialog: hear my voice and know that I am
dialog: unhurt. And second, so that you may
dialog: know the details of a crime without
dialog: parallel in German history...
scene_heading: 2 EXT. AIRFIELD - DAY 2
scene_heading: TITLES: SMOLENSK, RUSSIA - THE GERMAN EASTERN FRONT.
speaker_heading: 13 MARCH 1943.
text: A lonely airfield. A NAZI OFFICER and his AIDE stand
text: rigid by a gleaming limousine. The officer's uniform
text: denotes a man of high rank - a man of weight.
scene_heading: TITLES: MAJOR-GENERAL HENNING VON TRESCKOW - CHIEF OF
text: STAFF FOR ARMY GROUP CENTER.
text: Tresckow smokes a cigarette, his arm the only
text: movement in the frame.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL the airstrip is surrounded by
dialog: Army Group vehicles and personnel - SD and SS
text: escorts, photographers, aides, Nazi party
text: dignitaries, etc. - all frozen like statues. Eerie.
text: Whatever is going on, it's big. The faint sound of
text: distant airplanes brings tension, subtle but sharp.
text: Approaching the field are three Focke-Wulf 200
text: Condors escorted by a formation of Messerschmitt-109
text: fighters. Silence gives way to an escalating roar
dialog: that seems to have no maximum. One by one, the
text: massive four-engine Condors land while the fighters
text: roar overhead and circle the airfield. The Condors
dialog: come to rest and, needing no introduction:
text: ADOLF HITLER alights from the lead plane, obscured by
text: the surrounding platoon of heavily armed SS GUARDS.
dialog: (Note: Hitler is obscured throughout the entire
dialog: sequence proving how inaccessible he truly was.)
dialog: 2.
text: Tresckow and his Aide step forward to greet Hitler,
text: but they are pushed back by SS guards. The Führer
text: marches past without so much a glance at his hosts or
text: their waiting limo.
text: To Tresckow's surprise, a second limousine roars onto
text: the airfield from out of nowhere. It is dirty, the
text: windscreen spotted with bugs from a long drive.
text: Hitler gets in the dirty car and speeds off.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: It's not so much your car he
dialog: doesn't trust... It's your driver.
text: Tresckow and his Aide turn. Standing behind them is:
scene_heading: TITLES: COLONEL HEINZ BRANDT - SENIOR STAFF OFFICER
text: OF THE ARMY OPERATIONS SECTION.
text: The consummate Nazi, he is always scribbling notes in
text: a small datebook. Without looking up, Brandt hops
text: into the limo they brought for Hitler.
text: Tresckow and his Aide share a glance and get in. A
text: beat later they are speeding after Hitler's car.
scene_heading: 3 EXT. ARMY GROUP CENTER - DAY 3
text: Est. Hitler's headquarters for the Eastern Front is
text: bustling. Security is tight, everyone is on edge.
scene_heading: 4 INT. ARMY GROUP CENTER - MESS HALL - DAY 4
text: Long tables packed with SOLDIERS straining their
text: necks to get a glimpse of their leader at the head
text: table, but he is obscured by his detail of SS guards.
text: ONE MAN dares to approach. The room falls silent.
text: HITLER'S PERSONAL CHEF places a tray before the
text: Führer, producing a knife and fork, cutting a bite.
dialog: We think he is going to hand feed Hitler until he
text: places the food in his own mouth, chewing slowly,
text: deliberately. He swallows. We wait for him to die.
text: When he doesn't, Hitler begins to eat. The rest of
text: the room relaxes slightly and digs in.
text: ANGLE ON: Seated further down the table are Tresckow
text: and his Aide. Between them, once again, is Brandt,
text: eating like a pig, still making notes in his book.
text: Tresckow stares.
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: Managing the Führer's security must
dialog: be quite an undertaking.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (in between mouthfuls)
dialog: Irregularity is the Führer's
dialog: precaution of choice.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: I can assure you he's safe here.
dialog: Relax, Brandt. Enjoy your meal.
text: Brandt's look says, "Don't be ridiculous." He cleans
text: his plate in seconds. Then he gently dabs his mouth,
text: takes out his datebook and starts writing - once
dialog: again the precise man we saw on the airfield.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW (CONT'D)
dialog: I understand you're returning to
dialog: Berlin this afternoon...
text: Brandt nods.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Could I trouble you to deliver a
dialog: package to Colonel Stieff?
text: Brandt nods again, too busy writing to notice the
text: knowing glance Tresckow shares with his Aide...
scene_heading: 5 INT. ARMY GROUP CENTER - PRIVATE OFFICE - LATER 5
text: Tense silence. Tresckow and his Aide are hunched over
text: two bottles of Cointreau on a large desk next to:
text: TWO PAIRS OF BRITISH `CLAMS' - a small black plastic
text: casing held together by magnets and adhesive tape.
text: Tresckow inserts a short, pencil-shaped fuse through
text: the narrow opening. All that remains exposed is a
text: small glass capsule. The trigger. Tresckow turns his
text: attention to the bottles of Cointreau...
scene_heading: 6 EXT. AIRFIELD - DAY 6
text: The Condors' engines roar, ready for take off.
text: Soldiers stand at attention as Hitler boards. Brandt
text: is with him, scribbling in his ever-present datebook.
dialog: 4.
text: Tresckow and his Aide approach. Tresckow gently
text: handles a carefully wrapped package.
text: CLOSE ON: Tresckow presses a key against the side of
text: the package, crushing the glass capsule inside. The
text: explosive armed now, he hands it to Brandt.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: With my regards to Colonel Stieff.
text: Brandt accepts the gift, looking up from his book. He
text: studies the familiar shape.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Cointreau? You better hope I don't
dialog: get thirsty on the flight.
text: Tresckow politely smiles, hiding his nerves, having
text: just handed a bomb to Hitler's Head of Security.
text: Brandt unknowingly carries it onto the plane with
text: Hitler. The door to the Condor is sealed behind him
dialog: along with, we hope, the Führer's fate.
text: Tresckow looks at his watch and we DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 7 INT. ARMY GROUP CENTER - PRIVATE OFFICE - LATER 7
text: A clock shows us that thirty minutes have passed.
text: Tresckow and his Aide are seated on either side of a
text: desk staring at the telephone. Smoking. Waiting...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 8 INT. ARMY GROUP CENTER - PRIVATE OFFICE - LATER 8
text: Three hours later. The ashtray is overflowing but
text: Tresckow and his Aide have not moved. Finally...
text: The phone barely rings before Tresckow answers. He
text: doesn't say a word, he only nods and hangs up.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: He's... landed.
text: It takes a moment for the gravity of this to set in.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: What about the...
text: Tresckow is already dialing the telephone.
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: Get me Colonel Brandt...
dialog: (staying cool)
dialog: Colonel? Tresckow... I trust you
dialog: landed safely... I hate to trouble
dialog: you but there's been a bit of a mix
dialog: up. It seems you have the wrong
dialog: bottles for Colonel Stieff. You...
dialog: do still have the package?
text: Long pause. Torture. Then:
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW (CONT'D)
dialog: I can be at your office first thing
dialog: tomorrow morning to pick it up.
dialog: Terribly sorry for the
dialog: inconvenience... Thank you.
text: Tresckow slowly hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Do you think he knows?
text: Tresckow shrugs, opening a bottle of Cointreau and
text: pouring two glasses with a shaking hand.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: There's only one way to be sure...
scene_heading: 9 EXT. OKH HEADQUARTERS - DAY 9
text: Est. An early morning fog blankets the ground,
text: obscuring our view. Eerie.
scene_heading: 10 INT. OKH HEADQUARTERS - HALLWAY - DAY 10
text: Footsteps echo through the cavernous hallways.
text: Tresckow marches with purpose through the numerous
text: security checkpoints. It is a long, suspenseful walk.
text: He is aware of someone walking up behind him, getting
text: closer. We think he's done for, but a BESPECTACLED,
text: MIDDLE-AGED OFFICER overtakes him and whispers:
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: What happened?
scene_heading: TITLES: GENERAL FRIEDRICH OLBRICHT - CHIEF OF GENERAL
text: ARMY OFFICE IN BERLIN.
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: I can only guess the altitude
text: caused the fuse to malfunction.
dialog: First the beer hall, Memorial Day -
dialog: now this. Someone is watching over
dialog: that sonofabitch, I swear it.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: We've been discovered.
text: Tresckow halts and faces Olbricht, expressionless.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: What makes you think-
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Oster's been arrested. The Gestapo
dialog: came for him last night.
text: Tresckow thinks for a beat and resumes walking.
text: Olbricht hurries after him.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you hear what I said?
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: The Gestapo could have arrested him
dialog: for anything. Find a replacement.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: There's no one we can trust. Not in
dialog: Berlin.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: Then stop looking in Berlin.
text: Just then, they approach the final threshold, a
text: SENTRY guards an office marked:
scene_heading: COLONEL HEINZ BRANDT.
text: Olbricht stops, regarding the door with dread. But
text: Tresckow presses on, reaching the door, about to
dialog: enter when:
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Your pistol please.
text: Oh shit. Tresckow plays it cool, removing his pistol
text: from its holster and handing it over.
text: And with a nod to Olbricht, Tresckow squares his
text: shoulders and enters Brandt's office.
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: 11 INT. OKH HEADQUARTERS - BRANDT'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 11
text: Brandt is at his desk, writing as always. Tresckow
text: notices Brandt's pistol sitting within arm's reach. A
text: clock ticks loudly. Imagine it. Then wait. Finally:
text: Brandt puts his pen down, stands and salutes, but the
text: gesture is almost casual. Pure formality.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: You'll forgive me, General. This
dialog: little round-up has had me writing
dialog: reports all day.
speaker_heading: TRESKOW
dialog: Round-up?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Dissenters. A plot against the
dialog: Führer.
text: Tresckow makes a good show of laughing that off.
speaker_heading: TRESKOW
dialog: Who would even have the balls?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: You'd be surprised, the number of
dialog: cowards in this army that would be
dialog: willing to stand against the Reich.
speaker_heading: TRESKOW
dialog: Only if the Führer were dead, of
dialog: course.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Of course. It's one thing to think
dialog: you know what's right. What matters
dialog: is having the strength to do it.
text: Clunk. Brandt produces the package, putting it on the
text: desk in front of him.
speaker_heading: BRANDT (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this what you've come for?
text: Pause. Staying cool, Tresckow reaches for it:
speaker_heading: BRANDT (CONT'D)
dialog: Perhaps we should open it.
text: Tresckow freezes, studies Brandt's cold smile.
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: I beg your pardon.
text: Brandt sits back, smiles. Does he know?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: You've come a long way. You must be
dialog: thirsty.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: I wonder how the Führer, who does
dialog: not partake, would feel about an
dialog: officer who did so on duty...
dialog: Colonel Brandt.
text: Brandt's smile fades. We can't decide why. He picks
text: up the package carelessly. Tresckow stays cool
text: despite the armed explosive just a few feet away.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I took you for another sort,
dialog: General.
dialog: And we realize he really did just want a drink. He
dialog: knows nothing about what the package hides.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: And I you.
text: Tresckow reaches out, grabbing the package and:
text: BANG. The sound of an EXPLOSION O.S. takes us to:
scene_heading: 12 EXT. DESERT - DAY 12
scene_heading: TITLES: TUNISIA, NORTH AFRICA - THE RETREATING 10TH
scene_heading: PANZER DIVISION. 7 APRIL 1943.
text: Moving rapidly through an olive grove in the
text: otherwise wasted desert. A column of tanks, trucks
text: and heavy equipment flow by with a sense of barely
text: contained chaos. Men dismantle tents from around
text: others dumping documents into burning oil drums.
text: In the middle of it we find a tall, handsome young
text: officer (age 35). He wears an Afrika Korps uniform
text: complete with Colonel's badges, staying cooler than
dialog: the other side of your pillow. He directs men this
text: way and that, holding back panic.
scene_heading: TITLES: COLONEL CLAUS VON STAUFFENBERG - STAFF
scene_heading: OFFICER, 10TH PANZER DIVISION.
dialog: 9.
text: A jeep speeds up to him from the distance, driven by
text: a YOUNG LIEUTENANT.
scene_heading: YOUNG LIEUTENANT
dialog: Colonel Stauffenberg, sir. A new
dialog: headquarters has been established
dialog: at Mezzouna. I'm to take you there.
text: Stauffenberg looks over the scene, expressionless.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Now they tell us to disengage - a
dialog: day late. No matter how many times
dialog: we tell Command the reality, they
dialog: always manage to leave us-
text: But he stops himself, containing his rage.
scene_heading: YOUNG LIEUTENANT
dialog: Colonel, the enemy is less than
dialog: five kilometers from here. You've
dialog: done all you can.
text: Stauffenberg glances at his right hand, contemplating
text: a ring on his finger. After a beat:
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I wonder... Was there even a point
dialog: in our coming to Tunis?
scene_heading: YOUNG LIEUTENANT
dialog: To get taken prisoner, it seems.
text: Stauffenberg smiles bitterly and gets in the jeep as:
text: BOOM. The first bomb explodes before we even see the
text: tight formation of BRITISH FIRE-BOMBERS overhead.
text: Fighter planes strafe with machine-guns. Artillery
text: blasts strike in front and behind the retreating
text: column. The 10th Panzer Division is trapped.
text: Panic hits the column like a tidal wave. Stauffenberg
text: taps the Young Lieutenant who drives into the melee.
text: Soldiers abandon their vehicles but cover is in short
text: supply and many are left in the open. So they run.
text: Dozens are gunned down by the assailing fighters. The
text: survivors watch in horror as the fighters slowly turn
text: to make another run. In a panic, the soldiers run the
text: other direction, halted by a jeep blocking the way.
text: Stauffenberg stands in the passenger seat.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
text: STOP. WAIT UNTIL THEY COMMIT.
text: The men calm when they see the Colonel, trusting him.
text: They turn and watch the formation of planes complete
text: their turn and bear down, gaining speed. Knees tense,
text: some jerking from the natural inclination to flee.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
scene_heading: STAND FAST, I SAID.
text: They do, despite the menace of the planes' engines
text: growing louder, meaner...
scene_heading: 13 INT. LEAD FIGHTER COCKPIT - DAY 13
text: The confused PILOT takes in the mass of motionless
text: men below. His finger tenses on the trigger and...
scene_heading: 14 EXT. DESERT - DAY 14
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
speaker_heading: NOW.
text: The mob of soldiers breaks - some right, some left -
text: as the fighters open fire on what had been the center
text: of their mass. Unable to change course quickly
text: enough, they spray their lead into the sand.
text: In that same instant, Stauffenberg drops into his
text: seat, the Young Lieutenant jams the jeep in drive and
text: a wave of hot lead misses them by mere feet.
text: Stauffenberg watches his men regroup, waiting out the
text: turning squadron. They've got the idea now. He turns
text: to his Lieutenant who smiles admiringly. But
text: Stauffenberg's eyes widen. He grabs his Lieutenant's
text: head and jams it down, revealing a STRAY FIGHTER
text: coming up from behind. Stauffenberg ducks out of
text: frame, shielding the Young Lieutenant with his body.
text: BANG. Blood sprays across the jeep's windshield
text: before bullets rip it to pieces, leaving only clear
text: blue African sky... And then the EXPLOSION.
scene_heading: SILENCE. FADE TO WHITE.
scene_heading: 15 INT. HOSPITAL - DAY 15
scene_heading: TITLES: MUNICH, GERMANY - FIRST GENERAL MILITARY
scene_heading: HOSPITAL. 21 APRIL 1943.
dialog: 11.
text: A fast clicking. Heels on linoleum. A beautiful,
text: dignified woman keeps herself from running. She is:
text: NINA VON STAUFFENBERG (30), Stauffenberg's wife and
text: mother of his four children. Beside her is BERTHOLD
text: VON STAUFFENBERG (38), Stauffenberg's older brother.
text: They reach the door of a private hospital room just
text: as A DOCTOR comes out. Awkward pause.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Mrs. Stauffenberg?
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: (nodding, gesturing to Berthold)
text: The Colonel's brother, Berthold.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Perhaps before you see the Colonel
dialog: we should go to my office and-
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: I will see my husband now.
text: The Doctor wants to argue but Nina's eyes shut him
text: down. He opens the door and they enter to find:
scene_heading: 16 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - CONTINUOUS 16
text: A mass of mummy-like bandages with only small
text: openings around the mouth and one eye. The arms and
text: hands are also wrapped in heavy dressing. No movement
text: but for the rise and fall of the patient's chest.
text: Berthold cannot look. Holding back her anguish, Nina
text: bravely turns to the Doctor. "Well?"
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: He's been constant with fever but
dialog: he refuses any pain killers. The
text: right hand has been amputated above
text: the wrist. He's lost the fourth and
dialog: fifth fingers on the left. We...
dialog: couldn't save the left eye.
text: Berthold covers his face. Nina is a rock.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: His ring.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I don't-
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: NINA
text: He had a ring on his right hand.
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I'm sorry... His hand was amputated
dialog: in the field... I'm afraid-
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: Thank you.
text: As in: "That will be all." The Doctor leaves. Nina
text: sits beside her husband. She shows him a photo of
text: FOUR BEAUTIFUL CHILDREN - three boys and a girl.
text: Stauffenberg tries to speak but can't. His eye begins
dialog: to tear.
text: Nina removes a ring from her finger, placing it on a
text: chain with a cross she takes from around her neck. It
text: is identical to the ring Stauffenberg wore in Africa.
text: CLOSE ON: The engraving inside the band - finis-
text: initium [end-beginning]. Nina places the ring and
text: chain on her husband's chest, her hand lingering. She
text: cannot hold the tears back any longer. She stands and
text: turns away, not wanting her husband to see.
text: Berthold takes her place. Stauffenberg struggles to
text: speak. Berthold puts an ear to the hole where
text: Stauffenberg's mouth is - making out his question,
dialog: even if we can't. Berthold debates answering, then:
speaker_heading: BERTHOLD
dialog: We've lost North Africa.
text: CLOSE ON: That one eye staring at us closes.
scene_heading: 17 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAYS LATER 17
text: Stauffenberg's bandages are gone - a black patch
text: covering what had been his left eye. The chain with
text: the cross and ring from Nina hangs around his neck.
text: ANOTHER PATIENT lies motionless in the next bed.
dialog: A man's belongings tell you more about him than he
text: ever could. Stauffenberg's side of the room is neatly
dialog: arranged, books of poetry and philosophy are well
text: worn. Beside them are his own writings - the print
text: meticulous and flowing. Up to a certain date. After
text: that a new, child-like hand has taken over.
dialog: 13.
text: A family photograph shows the Stauffenberg's of
dialog: another generation - wealthy aristocrats from a
text: bygone era. He is a teenager in this photo and
text: smiling broadly. A smile he left in Africa.
text: Stauffenberg's three fingers push a cotton ball under
text: his eyepatch to dab the empty socket. Then he goes to
text: button his shirt. Holding his collar in his teeth, he
text: tries to do the buttons with the use of only three
text: fingers on his left hand. It is heartbreaking to
dialog: watch.
text: He is about to give up when he notices a figure
text: looming in the doorway. General Olbricht. He winces
text: at the sight of Stauffenberg's deformities.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I don't know what I ever did with
dialog: ten.
text: Olbricht manages a smile, he moves to speak, but
text: Stauffenberg beats him to it.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm wanted in Berlin.
text: Olbricht nods.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you asking as a member of the
dialog: High Command?
text: Olbricht contemplates his answer. He carefully closes
text: the door behind him, nervously glancing at the
text: patient in the next bed.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: You can speak openly, General. He
dialog: died just before you came in.
text: Awkward moment. Finally:
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: We could use your help.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I'm a field officer.
text: Olbricht steps closer, speaking openly now.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: This war can't be won in the field.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: That's unfortunate for me.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: You can't honestly believe you'll
dialog: make a difference on the front-
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I'm a soldier, General. I serve my
dialog: country.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: It makes no sense. You opposed
dialog: Hitler, you opposed the war.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: The people chose otherwise and here
dialog: we are. Now we have to win. You
dialog: know what will happen if we don't.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: If we win, it will still be
dialog: Hitler's Germany.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: We all took an oath, General.
text: Olbricht nods, resigning. He realizes it is no use.
text: Finally, he produces a blue velvet box, opening it to
text: reveal a brilliant gold medal.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: On behalf of the Führer.
text: Stauffenberg takes the medal and studies it.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I'm a twin, you know.
dialog: Olbricht is as confused as we are.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: I... I didn't.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: My brother died the day after we
dialog: were born.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: What the hell is he talking about?
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I was lying in the desert, covered
dialog: in blood, sure I was going to die.
dialog: I tried to think about my wife, my
dialog: children... But my mind kept
dialog: drifting to my dead brother. How I
dialog: would finally be with him. How I
dialog: would finally be whole again...
text: He snaps out of his thoughts, holding up his arm.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: This is my reward for what happened
dialog: to my men. It's all I deserve.
text: Stauffenberg nonchalantly tosses the medal into a
text: nearby bedpan.
scene_heading: 18 INT. HOSPITAL - CRITICAL WARD - DAY 18
text: CLOSE ON: A field of white. A three fingered hand
text: enters the frame, gently placing a medal identical to
dialog: the one just saw.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL: Stauffenberg, done up in his
dialog: finest dress uniform, placing said medal on an
text: unconscious WOUNDED SOLDIER.
text: AN AIDE stands behind him, carrying a silver tray
text: stacked with MANY BOXES containing such medals.
text: PULL BACK FURTHER TO REVEAL: Stauffenberg stands
text: between two long rows of beds, each with A WOUNDED
text: SOLDIER. Those that can respond to Stauffenberg do so
text: with reverence. The ward is eerily silent.
text: With only three fingers, Stauffenberg cannot pin the
text: medals to his men. He has to settle for simply laying
text: them on a each soldier's chest or a pillow. With each
text: medal he presents, the task becomes harder to watch.
text: Suddenly, Stauffenberg freezes, finding himself
text: looking at THE YOUNG LIEUTENANT - his driver in
text: Africa. The young man is a mass of bandages, his legs
text: gone, his face smashed.
text: CLOSE ON: Stauffenberg's face - the reality of Africa
text: taking the wind out of him. Over this we hear a
text: familiar clicking of heels and:
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: 19 INT. HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - LATER 19
text: Stauffenberg's boots pound the floor as he rushes for
text: the door, desperate to get out, barely able to
text: breathe. At first he does not hear:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
text: Colonel... COLONEL.
text: A hand grabs his shoulder. Stauffenberg turns, ready
text: to strike. He stops when he sees the Doctor holding a
dialog: small, square box. Another sort medal perhaps?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I don't want the damn th-
text: The Doctor opens the box to reveal:
text: A GLASS EYEBALL sitting atop a layer of satin,
text: staring blankly back at Stauffenberg. Creepy.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: When will you be going back to the
dialog: front?
text: Beat. Stauffenberg just stares back at the eyeball.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I'm not going to the front. I'm
dialog: needed in Berlin.
scene_heading: 20 EXT. BERLIN - NIGHT 20
text: The city sleeps. An unsettling image knowing that, in
text: war, quiet can turn to chaos in the blink of an eye.
scene_heading: 21 INT. TOWNHOUSE FOYER - NIGHT 21
text: Soft knocking at the front door is further muffled by
text: heavy black-out curtains. A YOUNG OFFICER enters the
text: frame, dousing the lights, parting the curtains and
text: opening the door to reveal a SHADOWY FIGURE on the
dialog: stoop.
text: The figure steps into the half light to reveal his
text: fresh scars and eye-patch. And from the dark quiet of
dialog: the foyer we CUT TO:
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: 22 INT. SMOKY ROOM - NIGHT 22
text: Chaos. The air is thick with cigar smoke and harsh
text: words. A DOZEN MEN - some officers, some civilians -
text: are fighting bitterly, everyone talking at once.
text: Stauffenberg enters unnoticed, escorted in by the
text: YOUNG OFFICER who immediately ducks out again.
text: Stauffenberg scans the faces in the room. We
text: recognize Olbricht and Tresckow. With them we find...
dialog: A distinguished gentleman in his early sixties:
scene_heading: TITLES: ERWIN VON WITZLEBEN - FORMER FIELD MARSHAL OF
scene_heading: THE MILITARY DISTRICT. FORCED OUT BY HITLER, 1938.
text: Beside him is a rough-hewn, charismatic man despite
dialog: his 59 years. A face millions might follow. He is:
scene_heading: TITLES: DR. CARL GOERDELER - FORMER MAYOR OF LEIPZIG.
scene_heading: RESIGNED IN PROTEST, 1937.
text: And finally, a grandfatherly sort with surprisingly
text: kind eyes, sitting outside the fight - tired and
text: saddened by it.
scene_heading: TITLES: LUDWIG BECK - FORMER CHIEF OF STAFF FOR THE
scene_heading: GERMAN ARMY. RESIGNED IN PROTEST, 1938.
speaker_heading: WITZLEBEN
dialog: ...He is not a man, he's a lunatic.
dialog: He doesn't drink, he doesn't fuck.
dialog: He has no weakness to exploit, no
dialog: vice to manipulate. His only
dialog: passion is complete control. How
dialog: can you expect to reason with him?
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: After this most recent failure I'd
dialog: say we've no other choice.
speaker_heading: WITZLEBEN
dialog: Confront Hitler now and you'll end
text: up with piano wire for a neck-tie.
dialog: Our only option is the central
dialog: solution.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: He's a man like any other. Flesh
dialog: and blood. Take him head on and-
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: I'll say this for you, Doctor...
dialog: You're certainly delusional enough
dialog: to take Hitler's place.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: (eyes narrowing)
dialog: When that day comes, I'll be sure
dialog: to remember you.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: I doubt you'll remember much of
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: Dammit, Tresckow-
text: And the shouting resumes. It is Beck who finally sees
text: Stauffenberg. He touches Tresckow's arm. He, in turn,
text: nudges Olbricht and so on. A moment later, the room
text: is silent, all eyes on the Colonel. Everyone is a
text: little embarrassed. Olbricht clears his throat:
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Gentlemen, may I present Colonel
dialog: Stauffenberg. He's been reassigned
dialog: to my office at the War Ministry.
dialog: (to Stauffenberg)
dialog: Colonel, may I introduce-
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: These men need no introduction.
text: Beck stands, shaking Stauffenberg's hand.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: I apologize for this unfortunate...
dialog: spectacle. On behalf of everyone,
dialog: welc-
text: But before he can finish, Beck is seized with a
text: gravelly cough that sends an uncomfortable chill
text: through the room. He is very ill.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: I haven't welcomed him. Not yet.
dialog: Where does he stand?
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: For God's sake-
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: (re: Stauffenberg)
dialog: He's a field officer. He knows the
dialog: army better than any of us. I want
dialog: to hear his opinion.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: (to Stauffenberg)
dialog: All right. What do you think,
dialog: Colonel? Confront Hitler, force him
dialog: to resign? Or the central solution?
dialog: But before Stauffenberg can answer:
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: "Central Solution." You soldiers
dialog: are all the same. Say what you
dialog: mean.
speaker_heading: WITZLEBEN
dialog: That's a laugh coming from a
dialog: politician.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: The army will follow diplomats
text: before they follow assassins.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: They follow a butcher now. What
dialog: difference does it-
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: What makes you think the army will
dialog: follow you at all?
text: The room quiets down. Beck hides a slight smile. He
dialog: likes Stauffenberg already.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Oust him, kill him. That isn't what
dialog: matters. How do you plan to take
dialog: control of the government when
dialog: Hitler is gone?
text: Silence. Then a wave of laughter. "The balls on this
dialog: guy."
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: I beg your pardon, Colonel, but you
dialog: are in the presence of men who
dialog: would have been Hitler's inner
dialog: circle. Instead we resigned. We put
dialog: our principles above personal gain.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: WITZLEBEN
dialog: We have the have the respect of the
dialog: people. And the army.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: With all respect, sir, you put too
dialog: much faith in your popularity.
dialog: (to Goerdeler, pointed)
dialog: All of you do.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: Now see here, Colonel-
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: You said yourself, I'm a field
dialog: officer. You all may understand
dialog: government, but I know the men. A
dialog: great many of them may hate Hitler,
dialog: but they all fear him - they fear
dialog: Himmler, Goebbels, the whole of the
dialog: Reich. That kind of fear won't just
dialog: die with Hitler. And as for
dialog: respect: the army, and the people,
dialog: respect only one thing. Authority.
dialog: And if just one man questions that
dialog: authority, you can lose them all.
dialog: (to Beck, pointed)
dialog: They were fooled into following
dialog: Hitler... How will you fool them -
dialog: force them - into following you?
text: Pause. The conspirators look at one another again,
text: unsure of how to answer. For Stauffenberg it is a
dialog: dreadful revelation.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. BERLIN - STREET - NIGHT 23
text: A depressed Stauffenberg walks down the deserted
text: night streets. Silent but for the echo of his
text: footsteps. Eerie.
text: Across the street, an OLD WOMAN peers nervously out
text: her window. The instant Stauffenberg makes eye
text: contact she steps back, drawing the curtains. Afraid.
text: He approaches a cozy brick cottage - the Berlin home
text: he shares with his brother, Berthold. He is surprised
text: when he looks through the window to find FOUR
text: CHILDREN laughing and playing - the sound of music on
text: a phonograph. Bittersweet.
dialog: 21.
text: In the next house over, he catches sight of a TEENAGE
text: BOY, the picture of Aryan youth, watching him
text: suspiciously from the upstairs window. It seems
text: everyone is watching everyone in Hitler's German.
scene_heading: 24 INT. STAUFFENBERG FLAT - NIGHT 24
text: Stauffenberg comes through the front door, the sound
text: of the phonograph blaring now. Meet the children:
scene_heading: BERTHOLD (9), HEIMERAN (7), FRANZ (5), VALERIE (2).
text: They chase one another around the house in their
text: pajamas making such a racket that the phonograph
text: skips. (It will do so throughout the scene.) The
text: children see Stauffenberg and charge, screaming:
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
speaker_heading: PAPA.
text: He scoops them up, one by one, and kisses them,
text: instantly putting the day's events behind him.
text: Berthold follows them into the room, smiling.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: (to children)
dialog: What are you doing here? I thought
dialog: I left you in Bamberg.
dialog: (to Berthold)
dialog: It's a wonderful surprise. Thank
dialog: you, brother.
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
scene_heading: MAMA, COME DOWN. PAPA IS HERE. PAPA
speaker_heading: IS HERE. (Etc.)
scene_heading: 25 INT. STAUFFENBERG FLAT - BEDROOM - NIGHT 25
text: Nina nervously fixes her hair in the mirror. LOOK
text: DOWN TO REVEAL a small datebook with a smaller
text: monthly calendar in the corner of the page. A red dot
text: marks one date in particular, followed by black dots
text: for each day that has passed since. She turns
text: sideways, smoothing her dress over her belly. In
text: every way she indicates to us that she is pregnant.
text: She tucks the datebook under some sundries in her
text: luggage and rushes down to greet her husband.
text: We stay in the room, hearing her greet Stauffenberg
text: O.S. Laughter at children's antics we cannot see. The
text: phonograph skips. More laughter.
dialog: 22.
dialog: We want to go see them in their happiness. Instead we
text: linger on Stauffenberg's dresser - neat and orderly.
text: We focus on a photograph of the family from happier
dialog: times.
text: Beside it is a small box containing a glass eye.
scene_heading: 26 INT. STAUFFENBERG FLAT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 26
text: Stauffenberg and Nina dance with one another to the
dialog: delight of the children. We gradually PUSH IN tight
text: on their faces, watching an entire conversation take
text: place without dialogue. Each has a secret the other
text: can guess. Stauffenberg looks at Nina, then her
text: belly, first realizing and then questioning. Nina
text: smiles and nods. Stauffenberg hugs her, delighted,
text: but his delight is tainted with worry.
text: Then the tables turn. Nina looks at Stauffenberg, as
text: if divining his secret. His face never changes - a
text: statue with that same tainted smile. In her face we
text: see slow, grim realization. She may not know exactly
text: what is going on, but she knows it is something. She
text: does her best to keep smiling for the children. After
text: the longest of moments, she nods. "All right." Then
text: she puts her head on his shoulder, hiding her fears.
dialog: It is an important moment. Read it again, taking the
dialog: time to picture it in your mind. Then leave it alone.
text: Done right it's a beautiful scene about a man, his
dialog: family and the fate of the world.
scene_heading: 27 INT. STAUFFENBERG FLAT - DINING ROOM - NIGHT 27
text: Nina reads a story to the children in the adjoining
text: room - an idyllic scene. The sound of the phonograph
text: is soft and constant.
text: Stauffenberg picks at a late dinner, now adept at the
text: use of only three fingers. Berthold sits across from
dialog: him, deeply troubled by whatever conversation we have
text: just missed. They speak in hushed tones.
speaker_heading: BERTHOLD
dialog: What do you mean you quit?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I came to join the Resistance, not
dialog: some sewing circle of discarded
dialog: generals and politicians.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: BERTHOLD
dialog: Beck is a just and capable man. As
dialog: for Goerdeler, well, he's popular.
dialog: He'll make a good Chancellor.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Like Hitler before him, yes? Lately
dialog: I have to wonder if Germany is even
dialog: fit to choose her own destiny.
speaker_heading: BERTHOLD
dialog: You can't blame the people for
dialog: this. You have to see the beginning
dialog: of something to know how it'll end.
dialog: It's no different than a farmer
text: watching the corn grow. One day
text: it's over his head.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Plenty of people thought-
speaker_heading: BERTHOLD
dialog: The greatest offenders are not the
dialog: ones who thought better but the
dialog: ones who sensed better.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: What are you trying to say?
speaker_heading: BERTHOLD
dialog: I seem to remember you telling me
dialog: about reports from the Ukraine -
dialog: the SS forcing Jews to dig their
dialog: own graves. You said then that
dialog: Hitler should be removed. An
dialog: officer's duty, you said. What's
dialog: changed?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I said senior officers. The only
dialog: men that can get to him.
speaker_heading: BERTHOLD
dialog: Perhaps it doesn't matter that you
dialog: succeed.
text: Stauffenberg looks at Berthold like he is crazy, but:
speaker_heading: BERTHOLD (CONT'D)
dialog: Perhaps it only matters that you
dialog: try. Don't you see? Someone has to
dialog: stand up and show the world that
dialog: not all of us were like him.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Even if they could remove Hitler,
dialog: they can't hope to seize power. For
dialog: God's sake, they have no plan.
speaker_heading: BERTHOLD
dialog: Then give them one. Find a way.
text: He puts a hand on Stauffenberg's arm.
speaker_heading: BERTHOLD (CONT'D)
dialog: Evil happens when good men do
dialog: nothing.
text: Before Stauffenberg can answer, new music comes
text: blasting from the phonograph O.S. The unmistakable
text: sound of Wagner's Ride of the Valkyries.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Children, that is far too-
text: He is cut off by the appearance of his four children,
text: all wearing cloaks made of bed sheets, pots for
text: helmets and brandishing makeshift swords. They charge
text: into the room, singing loudly and attacking their
text: father. He does his best to defend himself with one
text: hand. Their commotion causes the phonograph to skip.
dialog: And you'd think that's where it ends. We even pull
text: back, creating that effect. It takes a moment to
text: notice the wailing sound we're suddenly hearing is
text: not on the phonograph. Nina hears it first, then
text: Stauffenberg and Berthold. Finally the children
text: freeze and the phonograph skips without their help.
text: The glasses on the table rattle.
text: Now we hear the wailing quite clearly. A siren.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Air-raid.
text: The adults herd the children out of the room. Muffled
text: concussions cause the phonograph to skip frequently,
text: turning Wagner's masterpiece into a stutter.
scene_heading: 28 INT. STAUFFENBERG FLAT - BASEMENT - NIGHT 28
text: The family rushes down the stairs, huddling in a
text: corner - adults holding shivering children. The bombs
text: are closer, louder. The Wagner, the siren, the
text: explosions fray the nerves.
dialog: 25.
text: Stauffenberg reaches for Nina in the darkness,
text: finding her belly. Her hand clamps around his -
text: around their unborn child.
text: BOOM. So close the children scream. Dust and debris
text: fall from the ceiling. The needle rakes the
text: phonograph upstairs going back to the beginning.
text: CLOSE ON STAUFFENBERG - on his eye. His thoughts as
text: the bombs fall all around his home - a moment of
dialog: profound realization...
scene_heading: 29 INT. STAUFFENBERG FLAT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 29
text: Move across the room to the phonograph, looking down
text: at the 78 spinning on the turntable. The camera
text: begins to turn until all the world around us is
dialog: spinning and only the record is still. We read one
text: word of the title of the 78 quite clearly:
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (V.O.)
dialog: Valkyrie.
scene_heading: 30 INT. SMOKY ROOM - NIGHT 30
text: Stauffenberg faces the top members of the Resistance.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: We've already considered Valkyrie.
dialog: It isn't suitable.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Not as it's currently written.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: Excuse me. What is Valkyrie?
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: Operation Valkyrie.
text: Tresckow explains even as he studies Stauffenberg,
dialog: curious. What does he have in mind?
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW (CONT'D)
dialog: The Reserve Army has thousands of
dialog: men all over the city - most of
text: them not even in uniform. Valkyrie
dialog: is top secret plan to mobilize
dialog: those men in a national emergency.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Hitler designed it himself to crush
dialog: any internal unrest if he's cut off
dialog: or killed.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: And what use is that to us?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: The orders could be rewritten. A
dialog: few subtle changes would put those
dialog: reserve units completely under our
dialog: command.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Yes, of course, but-
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Now what would the High Command do
dialog: if they thought, say, the SS was
dialog: staging a coup?
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: They would declare a military state
dialog: of emergency.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: And initiate Operation Valkyrie.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
text: Hitler's own Reserve Army, using
dialog: Hitler's own plan and under our
dialog: command, would automatically seize
dialog: power in Berlin...
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: (catching on)
dialog: While we put a new government in
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Precisely. It will seem as though
dialog: we're fighting for Hitler
dialog: Government, not against it.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: But only if Hitler's dead.
text: All eyes turn to Goerdeler. Here we go.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER (CONT'D)
dialog: That is what you're saying, isn't
dialog: it? The central solution.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER (CONT'D)
dialog: How else will you make people
dialog: believe the SS is trying to seize
dialog: power?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I'm afraid it's the only way.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: I'm disappointed in you, Colonel. I
dialog: thought a man of your background
dialog: would appreciate a more-
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I'm a soldier first, an aristocrat
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: Yes, but-
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: And you're neither, Doctor. Now if
dialog: you want to be Chancellor, you'll
dialog: do as you're told.
text: A moment of tension. Humiliated, Goerdeler nods. But
dialog: he won't ever forget this...
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: (to Tresckow)
dialog: Can this plan be made to work?
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: Rewriting the order is one thing -
text: distributing it is another. A bomb
dialog: can be disarmed, recovered if it
dialog: fails. In this case we'd be
dialog: willfully circulating written
text: evidence of high treason.
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: It's the best idea we've heard yet.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: There is one... small problem.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Fromm...
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: Who is Fromm?
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: Commander of the Home Army.
dialog: Olbricht can put the reserve troops
text: on alert, but only Fromm can
dialog: actually initiate Valkyrie.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Can we get to him?
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: He's a careerist pig.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: But one who's gone as high as he
dialog: can go in Hitler's Army. It's no
dialog: secret he's not happy about it.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: Perhaps if we offered him a key
dialog: position in the new regime he could
dialog: be made to see the light.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: We don't seem to have a choice.
dialog: Without Fromm there is no Valkyrie.
dialog: (to Olbricht and Stauffenberg)
dialog: Get him.
text: We end on Goerdeler, a look of concern on his face.
scene_heading: 31 INT. WAR MINISTRY - WAITING ROOM - DAY 31
scene_heading: TITLES: REICH WAR MINISTRY - OFFICE OF GENERAL
scene_heading: FRIEDRICH FROMM.
text: MUTED SHOUTS from O.S. Someone is getting reamed.
text: Fromm's adjutant, LIEUTENANT FRANZ HERBER - a young,
text: dedicated soldier - sits at his desk, trying to
text: ignore the screaming from the other room in between
text: stolen glances at...
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL: Stauffenberg and Olbricht
text: waiting patiently, sitting across from:
text: MAJOR JOHN VON FREYEND, a dutiful Nazi whose face we
text: immediately don't like. He smiles coldly, taking
text: pleasure in the shouting O.S. He stares at
text: Stauffenberg, studying him, making us nervous.
text: Fromm's door finally opens and A BIGGER THAN LIFE
text: NAZI storms out.
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: TITLES: FIELD MARSHAL WILHELM KEITEL - HITLER'S CHIEF
speaker_heading: OF STAFF.
text: Freyend stands, holding Keitel's hat and coat for
dialog: him. A perfect toady.
speaker_heading: KEITEL
dialog: You're a woman, Fromm. And a fat
dialog: one at that. I'd have you sent to
dialog: the front if I didn't think you'd
dialog: surrender just to be Montgomery's
dialog: whore.
text: Keitel storms out, leaving a pall. Freyend gives
text: Stauffenberg a last once-over and follows. Beat:
speaker_heading: HERBER
dialog: The... General will see you now.
scene_heading: 32 INT. WAR MINISTRY - FROMM'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 32
text: Stauffenberg and Olbricht step inside to find:
scene_heading: TITLES: GENERAL FRIEDRICH FROMM - COMMANDER OF THE
scene_heading: GERMAN RESERVE ARMY.
text: The haggard Fromm sits at his desk, rubbing his
text: temples. Stauffenberg and Olbricht share a confident
dialog: look. Surely this guy hates the High Command. Without
text: looking up to see them:
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: What is it you want?
text: Olbricht hesitates. Fromm looks up.
speaker_heading: FROMM (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, Olbricht? Speak up.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: I wanted to introduce you to our
dialog: new man - Colonel Stauffenberg.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Ah yes - the hero from Africa. I'd
dialog: offer my hand but you might not
dialog: give it back.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I'd say the General's lost more
dialog: important things this morning.
dialog: 30.
text: Freeze. But after a tense beat, Fromm relaxes and
text: laughs, taking a cigarette from a box on his desk and
text: nudging it toward them.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: About time they put a man with
dialog: balls in this office. Have a seat.
dialog: (to Olbricht)
dialog: You too, if you must.
text: They sit. Fromm lights a cigarette, leans back and
text: exhales a cloud of smoke. We let things sit for
text: awhile. The game of recruitment is about to begin and
text: no one is sure where to start. The longer the quiet,
text: the more awkward things seem. Finally:
speaker_heading: FROMM (CONT'D)
dialog: They tell me you're critical of the
dialog: war, Colonel. Not that you don't
dialog: seem to have good reason.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I am critical of losing the war,
dialog: General. All wars - as in Africa -
text: are lost through indecision.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: In the field, you mean.
text: He's baiting Stauffenberg to talk shit about Hitler.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: In Berlin.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: I take it that's why you're here.
dialog: To make decisions.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I've made my decision, General. I`m
dialog: here to help others make theirs.
text: Stauffenberg makes no attempt to shade his delivery.
text: He is quite clearly indicating that he means more.
text: Fromm knows it, but he's being coy.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: They say when there's no clear
dialog: option, one should do nothing.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: We're at war. We must act.
dialog: Sometimes... rashly.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Just what sort of rash action did
dialog: you have in mind, Colonel?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: That would be a decision for the
dialog: Supreme Military Commander.
text: Fromm is getting the message. He takes a deep drag.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Supreme Commander, you say.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Second only to the Chancellor.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: If only I were that man... This war
dialog: would be going quite differently.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: We were thinking the very same
dialog: thing.
text: Fromm frowns at Olbricht. This was a bit too obvious.
text: Stauffenberg shoots Olbricht a look. "What the hell
dialog: are you doing?"
text: Fromm casually stamps out his cigarette in the
text: ashtray and picks up the telephone.
text: Olbricht and Stauffenberg steel their nerves -
dialog: certain they are going to be reported. But Fromm
text: doesn't dial. Instead, to our relief, he disconnects
text: the line. When he is certain that it is dead:
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: I don't need to remind you that
dialog: we've all sworn an oath. That said,
dialog: I'm going to forget we had this
dialog: conversation with the understanding
dialog: that such speak will never occur
dialog: under this roof again. Am I clear?
scene_heading: STAUFFENBERG/OLBRICHT
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Tell your friends that I always
dialog: come down on the right side. And as
dialog: long as the Führer is alive, you
dialog: know what side that is.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: FROMM (CONT'D)
dialog: (raising his hand)
dialog: Heil Hitler.
scene_heading: 33 INT. WAR MINISTRY - CORRIDOR- CONTINUOUS 33
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: (trying to be upbeat)
dialog: I think that went rather well.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Yes... Quite.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. STAUFFENBERG FLAT - DAY 34
text: A car loaded with luggage. Stauffenberg hugs his
text: children, one by one, before placing them inside.
text: Then he turns to face Nina. As always, there is much
text: to be said that they cannot say. She gently touches
text: the silver chain around his neck, the ring and the
text: cross she gave him. They embrace tightly and kiss.
text: She gets in the car, looking at him through the back
text: window as she is driven away.
scene_heading: 35 EXT. FOREST - NIGHT 35
text: Darkness. As our eyes adjust we realize we are in the
dialog: middle of the woods. Is this a dream? A nightmare? We
text: are drawn toward a flickering light in the distance.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. FOREST - CLEARING - NIGHT 36
text: From out of the darkness comes a candle held by a
text: nervous, almost mousy young woman, FRAULEIN VON OVEN.
text: Walking just behind her is Tresckow. He carries a
text: small but heavy case in one hand.
text: They come to a clearing in the woods and find a
text: strange sight. In the center is a tree stump
text: surrounded by papers, including the original orders
text: for OPERATION VALKYRIE, next to a leather valise
text: marked with the seal of the Reich. The orders have
text: been meticulously annotated.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Were you followed?
dialog: 33.
text: Fraulein Oven gasps. Tresckow turns, pistol drawn.
text: The tip of his barrel comes up just inches from
text: Stauffenberg's eyepatch. Stauffenberg smiles,
text: emerging from the shadows.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: Dammit, Stauffenberg. You scared me
dialog: half to death.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: We'll be closer than that before
dialog: we're finished.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. FOREST - LATER 37
text: Wearing white gloves, Fraulein Oven opens the case
text: Tresckow brought, revealing a portable typewriter.
text: She carefully feeds a sheet of crisp parchment into
text: the machine and sets the margins carefully. Pause.
text: Then she starts typing with remarkable speed.
text: (Note: The sound of typing runs throughout the scene,
text: punctuated by the crack of the carriage return - each
dialog: time a little louder.)
text: Stauffenberg and Tresckow carefully pore over the
text: Valkyrie orders, scribbling copious notes.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: Looking this over, I'm not
dialog: satisfied that the Reserve Army is
dialog: enough to shut down Berlin
dialog: completely.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: (handing over papers)
dialog: Yes, I've been giving that some
dialog: thought. We should include any
text: field units that are home on leave.
text: Before Tresckow can respond, more papers:
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: I've also drawn up an outline for
dialog: orders to streamline combat groups
dialog: in order to quietly concentrate
dialog: forces at vital points - state and
dialog: government buildings, of course,
dialog: but also the radio and newspapers.
text: More papers. Tresckow can barely keep up.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Combat groups will be reorganized
text: as reinforced grenadier regiments.
dialog: One or two of them can be quickly
dialog: mobilized, eliminating the usual
dialog: six hour lag. We blitz the
dialog: government quarter, arrest all
dialog: Ministers and Party leaders,
dialog: surround all SS and police
dialog: barracks. Any officers who resist
dialog: will be arrested... or shot.
text: CRACK. A carriage return as loud as a rifle-shot.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. BERLIN - STREET - LATER 38
text: A truck full of soldiers roars past. Stauffenberg,
text: Tresckow and Fraulein Oven walk across a dimly lit
text: bridge on a foggy night in Berlin, stopping in the
dialog: middle.
text: Stauffenberg carries a leather valise with the
text: Valkyrie orders, Tresckow carries the typewriter
text: case. They stop at the center of the bridge, looking
text: around carefully. No one is in sight, but anyone
text: could be watching from the shadows. Eerie.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: (to the Fraulein)
dialog: If anyone comes to you, play
dialog: ignorant. Just tell them-
speaker_heading: FRAULEIN OVEN
dialog: I'll tell that I was serving the
dialog: German people. Then I'll tell them
dialog: to go to hell.
text: Both men smile, a bit taken aback. Von Oven shakes
text: each man's hand and walks away, swallowed up by the
text: darkness. When she is gone:
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: To Operation Valkyrie.
text: Stauffenberg nods. Tresckow heaves the typewriter
text: case over the railing and into the water below.
speaker_heading: SPLASH.
text: They watch in silence as the water settles, then:
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW (CONT'D)
dialog: I've been transferred to the front.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Why didn't you tell me?
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: Would you have stayed?
text: Obviously not. Then it occurs to Stauffenberg.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Do you think Fromm reported us?
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: It's more likely just... an
dialog: unfortunate coincidence. Anyway it
dialog: doesn't matter. You wrote the
dialog: orders. You know them better than
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: You don't mean to say-
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: I'm appointing you military leader
text: of the Resistance. Beck agrees.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: But Olbricht-
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: We both know Olbricht hasn't the
dialog: wit or the spine. No. It's you.
text: A million thoughts are running through Stauffenberg's
text: mind. Fear. Anxiety. But he knows what he must do.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW (CONT'D)
dialog: One more thing. You were right what
dialog: you said that first night. It's not
dialog: enough to kill Hitler. We need to
text: isolate his chain of command. The
dialog: slightest confusion could crush us.
dialog: We need to be certain that no
text: conflicting orders get out after
dialog: the flash.
text: Stauffenberg considers this for a moment.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: That greatly limits our options of
dialog: where and when to make our move,
dialog: but it's the only way.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: How will you do it?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Perhaps it's better I don't say.
text: Pause. A sad smile and nod from Tresckow, a moment
dialog: ago he was in charge. Now he has no clearance.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW
dialog: God promised Abraham that he would
dialog: not destroy Sodom if he could find
dialog: just ten righteous men.
text: He puts a hand on Stauffenberg's shoulder.
speaker_heading: TRESCKOW (CONT'D)
dialog: I have a feeling that for Germany
dialog: it may come down to one.
scene_heading: 39 INT. OFFICERS' CLUB - BERLIN - NIGHT 39
text: A wild party - a small band, German officers, plenty
dialog: of women.
text: In stark contrast, two GESTAPO MEN sip coffee at a
text: corner table, keeping a watchful eye on the crowd.
text: A WAITER carries a tray of drinks to a rowdy group in
text: the corner who are immersed in the denial common to
dialog: Berlin these days. The Waiter serves carefully,
dialog: making sure one particular drink goes to:
scene_heading: TITLES: GENERAL ERICH FELLGIEBEL - CHIEF OF THE ARMY
speaker_heading: SIGNAL CORPS.
text: The group toasts and downs their booze.
text: CLOSE ON: Fellgiebel's smile suddenly fades. He looks
text: into his glass, his good mood vanishing. He politely
text: excuses himself over the noise of the rowdy mob and
text: heads for the bathroom. He looks ill.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: 40 INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT 40
text: Fellgiebel walks to the sink and dumps what is left
text: of his drink in the basin.
text: CLOSE ON: Mingling among the melting chunks of ice is
text: a GLASS EYE staring back at him.
text: He scowls in the mirror at Stauffenberg, waiting.
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL
dialog: You realize how close I am to
dialog: Hitler. With one word I could have
dialog: the Gestapo make you disappear.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Why haven't you then?
text: Fellgiebel checks the stalls to make sure they are
text: empty. Stauffenberg collects his glass eye from the
text: sink, dabbing it dry on a hand towel.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: None of my associates know we've
dialog: been talking if that's what you're
dialog: afraid of.
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL
dialog: But you know. And when the SS catch
dialog: you, they'll pull you apart like
dialog: warm bread. It'll be a crime just
dialog: to have known you then. I warn you.
dialog: If it means protecting myself, I
dialog: will expose you. Do not try to
dialog: contact me again.
text: Fellgiebel heads for the door but stops on:
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: You can't report me. Maybe if you
dialog: had when I first approached you,
dialog: you'd have been keeping your oath.
dialog: But now you're just as guilty as-
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL
dialog: So you think that makes me a
dialog: sympathizer, eh? You give a man the
dialog: choice of betraying a fellow
dialog: officer or his Führer and assume
dialog: his actions will show you his
dialog: heart. It's not that simple.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: It is to me.
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL
dialog: For the last time, don't push me to
dialog: make a decision.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I have no choice. It's clear now
dialog: that without you we have no hope of
dialog: success.
text: Pause. Fellgiebel's silence speaks volumes.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: You want us to succeed. Don't you?
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL
dialog: And what if you do, eh? What then?
dialog: Will you be any different from
dialog: Hitler? What of his Reich, his
dialog: people, the very momentum of
dialog: history? Will all of that let you
dialog: be something he isn't?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL
dialog: There it is.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: But my pregnant wife, our four
dialog: children, the Germany I first swore
dialog: to defend... They demand that I be
dialog: something different. They demand
dialog: that I fight for their future even
dialog: if it means...
text: And for a moment his voice breaks and he chokes back
dialog: what may be tears.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Even if it means that I never see
dialog: them again.
text: In that moment we see a side of Stauffenberg we were
dialog: starting to doubt existed. We see his humanity. This
text: puts Fellgiebel in his place. He adjusts his tie and
text: we see the wedding ring on his finger.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Action is inevitable. As are the
dialog: consequences. When they come for me
dialog: I'll do what I can to hide what you
dialog: knew and when you knew it.
dialog: (stepping closer now)
dialog: But don't delude yourself. You were
dialog: involved in a crime against your
dialog: country long before you met me.
dialog: There's still time to redeem
dialog: yourself. Only God can judge you
dialog: now.
text: BANG. The door bursts open, startling them both. But
text: it is only a DRUNKEN OFFICER and a YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: looking for some privacy.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN OFFICER
dialog: Are you two finished or just
dialog: getting started?
text: The woman laughs. Stauffenberg walks out past them,
text: leaving Fellgiebel with Hitler's finest.
scene_heading: 41 INT. WAR MINISTRY - STAUFFENBERG'S OFFICE - DAY 41
text: What first catches our eye is the enormous portrait
text: of Hitler looming over Stauffenberg's desk.
text: Stauffenberg sits before a mountain of paperwork,
text: surrounded on all sides by a flurry of SECRETARIES
text: and AIDES. He looks up to find:
text: Olbricht hovering in the doorway with that look that
text: says, "We need to talk." Stauffenberg clearly doesn't
text: have the time. He sighs.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Leave us, please.
text: The staff instantly exits - a well-oiled machine.
text: Stauffenberg unplugs the phone.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: You play the part of bureaucrat
dialog: beautifully.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: It's the only time I can relax.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: There's a man here to interview as
dialog: your adjutant.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Adjut- What for?
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: No one told you?
dialog: (obviously not)
dialog: You've been promoted Chief of Staff
dialog: for the Reserve Army.
dialog: Some men might find a promotion to be good news. Not
dialog: Stauffenberg.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: For Christ's sake. Don't I have
dialog: enough to do?
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Unfortunately, your nocturnal
dialog: activities don't count as service
dialog: to the Reich.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I'll refuse the promotion.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: You'll do no such thing.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Dammit, I can't handle the work I
dialog: already-
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: This is an opportunity we could
dialog: never have dreamed of. You're in
dialog: the inner circle now - with genuine
dialog: access to Hitler, his advisors, his
dialog: schedule... We need this.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: We're not ready. We're moving too
dialog: fast.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Not half as fast as the Allies. An
dialog: invasion is coming, Colonel. Any
dialog: day now. We must act and we must
dialog: act soon.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT (CONT'D)
dialog: Tresckow may have left you in
dialog: charge of the "central solution,"
dialog: but in this world I still outrank
dialog: you. You will accept the
dialog: appointment. Is that understood?
text: Stauffenberg nods, grudgingly.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT (CONT'D)
text: Now. The new man is waiting
text: outside. He comes highly
dialog: recommended. He might even be an
dialog: ideal candidate.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: We still need an assassin.
text: Olbricht leaves. Stauffenberg lets this sink in. He
text: takes a seat and goes back to work. After a moment:
text: A HANDSOME SOLDIER (36) quietly enters.
scene_heading: TITLES: LIEUTENANT WERNER VON HAEFTEN - RESERVIST.
text: WOUNDED DURING THE RUSSIAN CAMPAIGN.
text: Haeften clicks his heels and offers the Nazi salute,
text: but before he can say the words:
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Be seated.
text: Thrown, Haeften sits. Stauffenberg continues writing,
text: ignoring him. Haeften looks up at the portrait of
text: Hitler, startled when Stauffenberg finally speaks:
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know how this war will end,
dialog: Haeften? The portrait will be un-
dialog: hung... And the man will be hung.
text: Stauffenberg looks up - looking for a reaction to
text: such frank and treasonous talk. He gets none. He
text: sighs, too tired to play games.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Bottom line. I'm engaged in high
dialog: treason with all means available to
dialog: me. Can I count you in?
dialog: 42.
dialog: And the strangest thing - a reaction no one would
text: suspect - Haeften relaxes, almost sighs, like someone
text: who has at long last found a home.
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
dialog: For anything, sir. Anything at all.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Anything is a very dangerous word.
scene_heading: 42 EXT. NORMANDY - VARIOUS - DAY/NIGHT 42
scene_heading: TITLES: 6 JUNE 1944.
text: NEWSREEL FOOTAGE OF D-DAY. Allied forces invade
text: Normandy. The liberation of Europe has begun.
dialog: But this is not the D-Day you learned about in
text: history class. This is a German newsreel. Nazi spin.
text: In it, Hitler's forces have nothing to fear.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (V.O.)
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: The Allied Forces have blundered
text: into the trap awaiting them on the
dialog: beaches of Normandy - heroically
text: repelled by the combined might of
dialog: the German Army. It is a glorious
text: day for the Reich. At long last the
dialog: craven enemy has come to Europe to
dialog: face their inevitable defeat at the
dialog: hands of-
scene_heading: 43 INT. MILITARY SEDAN - NIGHT 43
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
dialog: Five thousand ships, one-hundred
dialog: thousand men from the combined
dialog: Allied forces.
text: Haeften and Stauffenberg ride in a sedan.
text: Stauffenberg is in profile the entire time.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: What about the Panzer divisions in-
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
dialog: They were never dispatched. Word is
text: Hitler took a sleeping pill. His
dialog: staff was afraid to wake him.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: First Africa, now France.
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
text: The Russians bearing down from the
dialog: East.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Sometimes I wonder if Hitler's real
dialog: aim is to leave nothing but
dialog: scorched earth for all of Europe.
text: Stauffenberg rubs his forehead. The car stops.
text: SOLDIERS are waiting outside.
text: Stauffenberg gets out of the car wearing an ornate
text: dress uniform and carrying a leather valise. He has
text: arrived at a meeting of great importance.
text: He turns to face Haeften directly and we are
text: surprised to see both of his eyes - for an instant
text: the young lion he once was. But a closer look is
text: unsettling - we see the faint scarring, one eye
text: glowing and alive, the other cloudy and dead.
text: His glass eye. Stauffenberg only wore it on special
dialog: occasions. This is one.
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
dialog: Maybe this is a blessing in
dialog: disguise. Maybe he'll finally
dialog: listen to reason - consider a truce
text: while he still can.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: We'll see if I can't convince him.
scene_heading: 44 EXT. THE BERGHOF - NIGHT 44
text: Est. Hitler's forboding southern headquarters.
scene_heading: TITLES: THE BERGHOF. 7 JUNE 1944.
text: Stauffenberg walks up a flight of wide marble stairs -
text: at the top he sees a group of WAITING ADJUTANTS
text: quietly smoking cigarettes - a clique of devoted
text: Nazis. In the group is Major Freyend, the wormy
text: officer we saw outside Fromm's office. He watches
text: Stauffenberg pass, aloof. We hate him.
dialog: 44.
text: Just then Stauffenberg is greeted by TWO SS OFFICERS
text: who move to physically search him - one his body, the
dialog: other his valise.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: You don't need to search him.
text: ANGLE ON: Fromm's adjutant, Lt. Herber approaches,
text: waving off the SS.
speaker_heading: HERBER
dialog: Colonel Stauffenberg is an honored
dialog: guest. The hero of Africa.
text: The SS officers stand down. Herber and Stauffenberg
text: share a friendly smile, about to speak when Fromm
text: walks up on them:
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: For God's sake, Stauffenberg,
dialog: you're-
text: He pauses, clearly caught off guard when he sees
text: Stauffenberg with two eyes.
speaker_heading: FROMM (CONT'D)
dialog: ... they're waiting for you.
scene_heading: 45 INT. THE BERGHOF - CONFERENCE ROOM - NIGHT 45
text: Stauffenberg and Fromm enter to the last thing we
text: would expect. Laughter. Drunken laughter.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL: THE BIG SIX.
text: Hitler and five men - some of them almost
text: caricatures, their features so distinct. The first
dialog: man we recognize as Keitel - the general who reamed
dialog: Fromm. The others we know from history and TITLES:
scene_heading: MINISTER ALBERT SPEER - ARCHITECT FOR THE NEW REICH.
scene_heading: DR. JOSEPH GOEBBELS - REICH MINISTER OF PUBLIC
scene_heading: ENLIGHTENMENT AND PROPAGANDA.
scene_heading: REICHSFÜHRER HEINRICH HIMMLER - HEAD OF THE SS AND
speaker_heading: GESTAPO.
scene_heading: REICH MARSHAL HERMANN GOERING - HEAD OF THE GERMAN
text: ARMED FORCES, HITLER'S SECOND IN COMMAND.
dialog: 45.
text: We have arrived in the sanctum sanatorium of Nazi
dialog: Germany on the day after the Normandy invasion. But
dialog: you would never know the tide of the war had just
text: turned against Germany. A series of situation maps
text: are scattered before them, ignored.
text: Only Speer seems to be reserved, smiling politely but
text: clearly tuned into the present reality. Looking
text: closer at Goering we see he is wearing heavy make-up -
text: adding to the already surreal nature of the scene.
dialog: It is also the first time we are allowed a clear,
text: unobstructed view of Hitler.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Mein Führer... I wish to present
dialog: Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg -
dialog: our new Chief of General Staff for
dialog: the Replacement Army.
text: The laughter stops. Hitler and his cronies turn
text: toward Stauffenberg, looking him over. Hitler stands
text: and crosses to him. Fromm meets him first, whispering
text: in the Führer's ear - perhaps reminding him who
text: Stauffenberg is. Hitler nods: "Ah yes." He takes
text: Stauffenberg's left hand with both of his. We are
text: surprised by his charm.
speaker_heading: HITLER
dialog: May I say, I am honored to meet a
dialog: hero who has sacrificed so much for
dialog: Germany. If only more of my
dialog: officers were like you.
text: Hitler's cronies smile despite the subtle insult to
text: themselves. To make it worse, Hitler turns to them.
speaker_heading: HITLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Let this man stand as an example to
dialog: all of you. He is the ideal German
dialog: officer.
text: Fromm nervously clears his throat.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Mein Führer, we have asked
dialog: Stauffenberg here today so that he
dialog: might brief us on mobilizing troops
dialog: from the Home Army to support those
dialog: in Normandy.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: HITLER
dialog: Hmmm? Oh yes, Normandy. That will
dialog: no longer be necessary. General
dialog: Goering has assured me that
text: Normandy is under control.
text: Stauffenberg's good eye flickers. "Are you insane?
text: Normandy is a catastrophe." Another glance at the
text: situation map shows Allied forces over-running.
text: But the painted-on smiles of Hitler's nodding cronies
dialog: promote the lie. No one has the courage to tell
dialog: Hitler anything close to the truth. Somewhere in
text: their eyes is the fear that someone will.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Mein Führer, if I may... The
dialog: situation in Normandy is-
speaker_heading: KEITEL
dialog: You're dismissed, Stauffenberg.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: But-
speaker_heading: KEITEL
dialog: Send your man home, Fromm. Then
dialog: bring us some brandy.
text: Fromm is stung - a man of his rank being treated like
text: a waiter. Stauffenberg steps back, clicks his heels
dialog: and salutes, just managing to say:
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Heil Hitler.
text: Hitler half waves, walking slowly back to his seat.
text: Fromm and Stauffenberg leave.
scene_heading: 46 EXT. THE BERGHOF - NIGHT 46
text: Fromm escorts a visibly shaken Stauffenberg to his
text: waiting vehicle. Haeften opens the car door for
text: Stauffenberg to get in. Fromm leans in.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: I don't know what you've got
dialog: brewing and I don't want to know...
dialog: But when the music stops, I'd be
dialog: much obliged if Keitel should find
text: himself without a chair.
dialog: 47.
dialog: Is Fromm saying he's in? Is Keitel's death a
dialog: condition? Hard to say and meant to be. Before
text: Stauffenberg can inquire, Fromm slams the door shut
text: and returns to the madness inside the Berghof.
scene_heading: 47 INT. MILITARY SEDAN - CONTINUOUS 47
text: Stauffenberg leans back in his seat, mentally
dialog: calculating his next step.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: They're all insane. Every one of
dialog: them except for Speer, and he's
dialog: nothing but an architect.
text: Stauffenberg puts on his eyepatch before removing his
text: glass eye. He polishes it with a cloth and now it
text: stares at him from his gloved hand. A conscience.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell Beck we've found our
dialog: assassin...
dialog: (off Haeften's confused look)
dialog: I'll do it myself.
scene_heading: 48 INT. CHURCH - NIGHT 48
text: We find ourselves in an empty church. Beck is seated
text: in a pew staring straight ahead. Stauffenberg sits
text: directly behind him. They can't risk being seen
text: together. They speak in hushed tones.
dialog: The first thing we notice is how weak and ill Beck
text: looks. He struggles to hide a persistent cough.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Out of the question. It won't work.
dialog: We need you here in Berlin.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Who else, then? Who can even get as
dialog: close?
dialog: Beck knows there is no other choice.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Valkyrie is very clear. Once the
dialog: order is given, the Reserve Army
dialog: will automatically seize control of
dialog: the government with or without me.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Orders are not enough. They need a
dialog: man to follow. The right man.
dialog: Pause. Stauffenberg knows he's right. The fucking
text: pressure. He thinks for a moment, then with a sigh:
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Olbricht will oversee operations in
dialog: my absence. I can be back in Berlin
dialog: three hours after Hitler is-
text: Stauffenberg shuts up, lowering his head in prayer as
text: a CLERGYMAN passes. Once they are again alone:
speaker_heading: BECK
text: Three very crucial hours.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: We both know there's no other way.
text: Beck nods, resigned.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: I'll tell the others-
text: As if on cue, Beck loses control of his cough.
text: Stauffenberg leans forward, handing him a
text: handkerchief and putting a reassuring hand on his
text: shoulder until the old man's hacking subsides.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm afraid whatever the outcome, I
dialog: won't be there to see it.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Nonsense. You're stronger than you
dialog: think. You might just be the
dialog: strongest one of all.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. STAUFFENBERG HOME - BAMBERG - DUSK 49
text: Est. The sound of children at play takes us to:
scene_heading: 50 EXT. STAUFFENBERG HOME - BACK LAWN - CONTINUOUS 50
text: Once again, the scene idyllic. The Stauffenberg
text: children play football in the distance. Stauffenberg
text: himself is out of uniform for the first time since
text: the hospital, but he does not seem relaxed.
dialog: 49.
text: Nina sits across from him, half-reading a book, half
text: talking to her husband. Stauffenberg cannot hear a
text: word she is saying - he is miles away.
text: He looks over at his children. One would never
text: suspect that Germany has waged a calamitous war and
text: that the country is facing total devastation.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: ...After that I thought I'd take
dialog: the children to the country for a
dialog: few days to see my- Claus?
text: He snaps out of his thoughts. "Hmmm?"
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you heard a word I said?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: The country...
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Nina. Listen. I want you to delay
dialog: your trip. Just for a while.
text: She wants to ask, he wants to tell her. Finally:
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: Does this have something to do
dialog: with... your work?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I would just be more comfortable
dialog: knowing where you are - until I'm
dialog: back from Berlin. Things will be
dialog: different then. I promise.
text: Long pause. Once again, a couple who know each other
dialog: well enough to not have to say things plainly. Nina
text: is worried but strong.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: How long until... until we see you?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: A few days. If all goes well. Then
dialog: we can travel as a family.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: And if things... don't go well?
text: He hesitates.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I love you, Nina.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: And I love you... What-
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
scene_heading: PAPA, COME AND PLAY WITH US. (Etc.)
text: The children kick the ball toward Stauffenberg - the
text: one sport he can play. He is about to say something
text: to Nina, but she cuts him off.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: Go be with your children.
text: Stauffenberg stands, touching Nina's cheek and
text: kissing her forehead. We stay on her as he joins the
text: children. She watches them play together, seeing her
text: husband laughing for the first time in a long while.
text: Her eyes well with tears - a mixture of happiness and
text: anguish. Too good to last, too much to bear.
scene_heading: 51 INT. SMOKY ROOM - DAY 51
text: Haeften, Olbricht and Stauffenberg stand around a
dialog: table giving their undivided attention to:
scene_heading: TITLES: COLONEL MERTZ VON QUIRNHEIM - STAUFFENBERG'S
scene_heading: REPLACEMENT UNDER OLBRICHT.
text: He empties the contents of two tawny leather
text: briefcases onto the table:
text: Along with a crude drawing covered with calculations
text: he produces two brick-like lumps wrapped in butcher
text: paper, two small caps and two thin metal cylinders.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
text: Two 975 gram packs of plastic-W.
dialog: Enough explosive to cripple a
text: panzer.
dialog: (pointing to caps)
dialog: Your detonators.
dialog: (pointing to cylinders)
dialog: Your fuses. British time pencils.
dialog: This acid capsule is your trigger.
text: Stauffenberg carefully studies the items before him.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: MERTZ (CONT'D)
dialog: When you're ready to arm, attach
text: the detonator to the bottom of the
dialog: time pencil, like so...
dialog: (demonstrating)
dialog: ...Insert the entire device into
dialog: either end of the plastic-W, crush
dialog: the acid capsule and you're live.
text: When the acid eats through the wire
dialog: holding back the trigger spring...
dialog: Well... You'll want to be very far
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: What if they search your bag?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I'm one of the inner circle now.
dialog: They'll make sure I am who I am.
dialog: Beyond that, they won't touch me.
dialog: (to Mertz)
dialog: How much time do I have?
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: Theoretically there's a 30-minute
dialog: delay. But with the kind of heat
dialog: you can expect at the Wolf's Lair,
dialog: I'd give you 10, 15 minutes tops.
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
dialog: That's... hardly precise.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: This is state of the art. You can
dialog: have small or precise. Not both.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Might this be just a little too
dialog: small?
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: The explosion won't do the killing.
text: The air in the room will.
text: He points to the drawing - an overhead sketch of:
speaker_heading: MERTZ (CONT'D)
text: Hitler's bunker is constructed of
text: reenforced concrete. A steel door,
dialog: no windows. Just one of these
dialog: explosives in a space like that
dialog: will cause tremendous air pressure.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: MERTZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Enough to instantly kill everyone
dialog: present. The second charge will be
dialog: entirely redundant.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Of course, I'm all for redundancy.
dialog: However... If, by some miracle,
dialog: Hitler does survive, what then?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: We have an inside man at the Wolf's
dialog: Lair in communications. He'll
dialog: notify you immediately following
text: the flash and then sever all
dialog: contact with the outside world.
text: The others are stunned.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Just how did you manage that?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: It's my job, isn't it? While
text: Hitler's inner circle is still
dialog: regrouping, you will initiate
dialog: Valkyrie and seize control in Paris
dialog: and Berlin. Even if Hitler
dialog: survives, we'll have momentum.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: (to Olbricht)
dialog: But as you said yourself it would
dialog: take a miracle. Anyone in that
dialog: bunker when just one of these goes
text: off is not coming out alive.
text: Haeften places the items back in the briefcases.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Himmler is expected to be at the
dialog: meeting as well. Don't proceed
dialog: unless you can get them both.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: That could be difficult.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Why kill a madman just to have a
dialog: lunatic take his place?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: This is Goerdeler's idea, isn't it?
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: The members are in total agreement
dialog: on this.
text: Stauffenberg chews on this, pissed. Then:
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Fucking politicians. I'll hold off
dialog: if the decision is unanimous. And I
dialog: want another man on the committee.
text: A soldier.
text: A soldier himself, Olbricht is insulted.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: And just who this soldier be?
text: Stauffenberg glances at Mertz, sizing him, up.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: (pointing to Mertz)
dialog: Him.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Him?
text: Mertz's eyes widen. "Me?" But Stauffenberg and
text: Haeften pick up their briefcases and leave without
text: another word. Assassins.
text: Olbricht reaches for the phone and dials.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT (CONT'D)
dialog: This is General Olbricht. Order the
dialog: Guard Battalion and all Army
dialog: Schools near Berlin to take up
dialog: march readiness. Stand by for
dialog: Operation Valkyrie.
scene_heading: CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK...
scene_heading: 52 INT. CENTRAL COMMUNICATIONS - BERLIN - DAY 52
text: A small, bunker-like room serves as the hub of all
text: military communications. The walls are lined with
text: chattering teletype machines and their OPERATORS.
text: CLOSE ON: One teletype in particular. The words are
text: clicking by quickly but we clearly make out:
scene_heading: STAND BY FOR OPERATION VALKYRIE...
dialog: 54.
text: One SERGEANT HELM leans in, reading it, curious. He
text: tears the sheet out of the teletype and takes it to:
text: The officious LIEUTENANT HAANS - officer in charge.
dialog: He likes his job and how well he does it.
speaker_heading: HELM
dialog: (handing over the order)
dialog: Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: HAANS
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: HELM
dialog: This order is calling the Reserve
dialog: Army for some sort of stand-by
dialog: action... in Berlin.
speaker_heading: HAANS
dialog: (shrugs)
text: Looks like a drill of some kind.
speaker_heading: HELM
dialog: Valkyrie? I've never heard of that.
speaker_heading: HAANS
dialog: Send the order through, Sergeant.
text: A SHRILL WHISTLE and a WAILING SIREN take us to...
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN - VARIOUS - DAY
text: Shots of scattered elements of the Reserve Army
text: coming together, taking shape:
text: RESERVISTS and CADETS, from all walks of life, rush
text: to their homes, hastily trading their civilian
dialog: clothes for uniforms.
scene_heading: 54 EXT. AIRFIELD - RANGSDORF - DAY 54
scene_heading: TITLES: 15 JULY 1944.
text: Stauffenberg and Haeften board a waiting courier
text: plane, preparing for departure. Both are clutching
text: their briefcases, faces like stone. Stauffenberg is
text: dressed once again in his ornate, formal attire - his
text: patch gone, glass eye in place.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: EXT. DEUTSCHLAND GUARD BATTALION - BERLIN - DAY
text: AIR SIRENS wail. A SCULPTED EAGLE AND SWASTIKA loom
text: over a large pillared stronghold.
text: From out of the surrounding barracks, RESERVE
text: SOLDIERS scramble to march readiness, assembling on
text: the center parade grounds, awaiting orders.
text: Vehicles move into place along the perimeter. All in
text: all, a well-oiled machine.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE BERLIN COMMANDANT - GENERAL PAUL VON
text: HASE - issuing the alert signal. AIR SIRENS wail.
text: RESERVE SOLDIERS scramble into readiness. Vehicles
text: move into place - a well-oiled machine.
text: We focus on two officers in particular: MAJOR OTTO
text: ERNST REMER, Commander of the Deutschland Guard
text: Battalion, and SECOND LIEUTENANT DR. HANS HAGEN.
dialog: Loyal Nazis both.
speaker_heading: REMER
dialog: What do you suppose this is all
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Probably just a drill.
text: But Remer doesn't seem convinced. Remember him.
scene_heading: 56 INT./EXT. VARIOUS - DAY 56
text: Shots of Stauffenberg and Haeften deplaning/getting
text: into a waiting car/slowly making their way to their
text: destination. Finally, they arrive at:
scene_heading: 57 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - DAY 57
text: Est. A 625 acre compound hidden deep in the mosquito
text: infested forests of Wilhelmsdorf. Security is tight -
text: barbed wire fencing, checkpoints, flak towers,
text: machine gun nests, trenches, land mines.
scene_heading: TITLES: WOLFSCHANZE - "THE WOLF'S LAIR". HITLER'S
scene_heading: BAVARIAN HEADQUARTERS.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: 58 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - MAIN GATE - DAY 58
text: The car carrying Stauffenberg and Haeften arrives at
text: the first security checkpoint.
text: TWO GUARDS check identity papers and confiscate
text: pistols from Haeften and The Driver. Stauffenberg
text: boldly extends his valise to one of the Guards, but
text: rather than reach for it, the young soldier snaps to
text: attention and raises his hand in a Nazi salute, eyes
text: straight ahead, stone-like. A drone.
text: After an awkward pause:
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: (to the Driver)
dialog: Drive on.
scene_heading: EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - VARIOUS - DAY
text: CLOSE ON STAUFFENBERG'S BAG. A series of JUMP CUTS
text: follow the bag through the extensive security layers
dialog: one must endure before getting to the meeting. ID is
dialog: checked frequently. The bags, not once. The men here
dialog: are Hitler's inner circle, after all.
scene_heading: 59 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - COMPOUND - DAY 59
text: Finally, Stauffenberg and Haeften are escorted toward
text: the bunker where the meeting will be held. Pausing,
text: Stauffenberg looks back over his shoulder to find:
text: THE COMMUNICATIONS HUT - through the open door of the
text: small shack we see a mass of radios and telegraphs. A
text: LONE FIGURE stands outside, smoking a cigarette.
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
dialog: (whispering to Haeften)
dialog: Your man?
dialog: Yes. And it is none other than GENERAL ERICH
text: FELLGIEBEL, the man Stauffenberg confronted in the
dialog: bathroom at the Officers' Club so long ago.
text: He and Stauffenberg share a long, intense stare.
text: Finally, Fellgiebel nods, dropping his cigarette and
text: crushing it with his boot. He's in.
text: Stauffenberg and Haeften head inside the impervious
text: bunker through the heavy steel door.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: 60 INT. WOLF'S LAIR - BUNKER - BRIEFING ROOM - DAY 60
text: Stauffenberg and Haeften find themselves in a
text: cramped, hot, windowless room filled with VARIOUS
text: OFFICERS waiting around a large conference table.
text: Silence. A moment later, Hitler enters - Keitel and
text: Fromm follow close behind. Heels click in unison.
text: Keitel starts the meeting, but Stauffenberg isn't
text: listening. While all eyes follow Hitler, Stauffenberg
text: watches the door, scanning the faces in the room.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Himmler. Where is Himmler?
text: Haeften doesn't see him either. Shit.
speaker_heading: KEITEL
dialog: ...Now for the first order of
dialog: business. Fromm, I believe you will
dialog: brief us on blocking divisions for
dialog: the Eastern Front...
text: Stauffenberg silently excuses himself from the room.
text: We hold on his briefcase. Remember where he left it.
scene_heading: 61 INT. WAR MINISTRY - OLBRICHT'S OFFICE - DAY 61
text: The phone rings. A waiting Mertz grabs it.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: General Olbricht's Office.
dialog: (suddenly nervous)
dialog: Hold the line.
dialog: (to Olbricht)
dialog: Stauffenberg says Himmler's not at
text: the briefing. He wants to proceed.
text: All color drains from Olbricht's face.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Call Beck.
text: He leaves. Mertz rolls his eyes and dials a second
dialog: phone.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: 62 INT. SMOKY ROOM - DAY 62
text: Beck and Goerdeler sit impatiently by the telephone,
dialog: waiting for any word on the assassination and
text: impending coup. When the telephone RINGS:
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Beck.
text: He presses the receiver tightly to his ear, a look of
text: concern washing over his face. He turns to Goerdeler.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
text: Himmler is not in the briefing.
text: Goerdeler's reaction is vintage politician. Blank.
scene_heading: 63 INT. WOLF'S LAIR - BUNKER - HALLWAY - DAY 63
text: CLOSE ON A CIGARETTE. We watch as Stauffenberg
text: smokes, waits, looks at his watch - the sounds of the
text: meeting going on behind him. He drops his cigarette
text: and we see a pile of three more. He has been waiting
text: while the others deliberate. Finally:
speaker_heading: MERTZ (ON PHONE)
dialog: They say no. Wait.
dialog: (Note: Intercut between Mertz and Stauffenberg.)
text: Stauffenberg is furious. He calms himself.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: What do you say?
text: Pause. Mertz looks around, makes sure he is alone.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: I say do it.
text: Stauffenberg hangs up the phone. The moment of truth.
scene_heading: 64 INT. WOLF'S LAIR - BUNKER - BRIEFING ROOM - DAY 64
text: Stauffenberg quietly slips back into the briefing
text: unnoticed. He freezes:
text: CLOSE ON: The spot where Stauffenberg left his
dialog: briefcase. Remember? Well it's gone.
dialog: 59.
text: He looks around frantically. Some officers notice
text: him. Tension mounts. He gets Haeften's attention.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: (mouthing)
dialog: My briefcase.
text: Before Haeften can answer, Fromm shoots them both a
dialog: glare. "What the hell are you doing?"
speaker_heading: KEITEL
dialog: ...Gentleman. You are dismissed.
text: And like that, the briefing has ended. Stauffenberg
text: is sickened - the opportunity lost. Hitler exits,
text: walking right past him. Keitel and the rest file out.
text: The last to leave is Fromm.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: That call better have been
dialog: important.
text: Stauffenberg turns, coming face-to-face with Freyend,
text: Keitel's hateful toady. He holds the missing
text: briefcase. For a moment we're sure the jig is up.
speaker_heading: FREYEND
dialog: Your bag... Colonel.
text: He hands it over and leaves.
scene_heading: 65 EXT. DEUTSCHLAND GUARD BATTALION - BERLIN - DAY 65
text: A military sedan skids to a stop outside the Guard
text: Battalion headquarters. Olbricht jumps from the car,
text: racing to get General Hase's attention.
text: LARGE FORMATIONS of soldiers stand at attention in
text: the hot sun, awaiting orders.
speaker_heading: HASE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What the hell is going on? My men
dialog: have been standing here for an
dialog: hour. I don't know what to tell
dialog: them.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON REMER (the officer we told you to remember)
text: standing before the ranks. He eyes Hase and Olbricht
text: suspiciously, trying to hear what they are saying.
text: After a moment, Hase addresses the men.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: HASE (CONT'D)
dialog: At ease, gentlemen.
text: Olbricht addresses the men, trying unsuccessfully to
text: hide his nerves.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: This has been a drill. You're all
dialog: to be commended for your quick
text: response. Dismissed.
text: Pause. The men linger, confused until:
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT (CONT'D)
scene_heading: HEIL HITLER.
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
scene_heading: HEIL HITLER.
text: And the men fall out, nowhere to go so they just
text: light up and shoot the shit. Hagen approaches Remer.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What did I tell you? A drill.
text: But Remer is not so sure. The way he stares at
dialog: Olbricht makes us nervous.
text: CLOSE ON: Olbricht sees Remer looking at him, making
text: note of the esteemed KNIGHT'S CROSS pinned to Remer's
text: uniform. Olbricht leans toward Hase.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: That man there. Who is he?
speaker_heading: HASE
dialog: Major Remer? He commands the
dialog: Deutschland Guard Battalion. What
dialog: about him?
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Get rid of him.
speaker_heading: HASE
dialog: Remer? Don't worry about him. He's
text: an order taker. To the bone.
dialog: Ah yes... But whose orders?
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: 66 INT. WAR MINISTRY - OUTSIDE FROMM'S OFFICE - DAY 66
text: As usual, Lt. Herber sits at his desk and, as usual,
text: he tries to ignore:
text: MUTED SHOUTS through Fromm's office door. PULL BACK
text: TO REVEAL Stauffenberg and Olbricht waiting.
text: They sit across from, Freyend. A beat later, Keitel
text: storms out of Fromm's office, his face red with
text: anger. Deja vu. When Keitel and Freyend are gone:
text: Herber looks up from his desk with a nervous smile.
speaker_heading: HERBER
dialog: The General will see you now.
text: Stauffenberg and Olbricht stand, hats in hand.
scene_heading: 67 INT. WAR MINISTRY - FROMM'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER 67
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: How dare you put the Reserve Army
dialog: on standby without my knowledge.
dialog: You damn near cost me my
dialog: commission. What in God's name made
dialog: you think you even had the
dialog: authority?
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
text: It was only a drill. An exercise.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: DON'T LIE, OLBRICHT. Not to me. We
dialog: both know it was no fucking drill.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: General, if I may-
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: You may not, Colonel. You may not
dialog: do anything. Because now you've not
dialog: only shown me you can't deliver,
dialog: you've painted a target on my back.
dialog: If I so much as sense you trying to
dialog: move the Reserve Army again, I'll
dialog: personally have you both arrested.
dialog: Do I make myself abundantly clear?
scene_heading: STAUFFENBERG/OLBRICHT
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Heil Hitler.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Heil Hitler.
text: But Stauffenberg turns to leave without answering.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: I'll hear you say it, Colonel.
text: Stauffenberg stops, glaring at Fromm with his one
text: eye. He squares his shoulders, clicks his heels
text: loudly and delivers a downright Nazi-like:
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
scene_heading: HEIL HITLER.
text: Still managing to make it sound spiteful. He leaves
text: without being dismissed, slamming the door.
scene_heading: 68 INT. SMOKY ROOM - NIGHT 68
text: It has been a long day, the Resistance leaders are
text: all exhausted. Beck, Olbricht, Witzleben, Haeften and
text: Mertz watch Goerdeler circling a rigid Stauffenberg.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: The point of your central solution
dialog: is to replace Hitler so that we can
dialog: negotiate a truce with the Allies.
dialog: The Allies, I suspect, would be
dialog: more amenable to a truce... IF WE
text: OFFER IT TO THEM BEFORE THEY ARE IN
scene_heading: FUCKING BERLIN.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Today was a matter of indecision -
dialog: nothing more. A military operation
text: in the hands of a politician.
text: Stauffenberg's lack of respect infuriates Goerdeler.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: I don't think I am alone when I say
dialog: your judgement is in question.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: I would like to take a vote.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Carl.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
text: I DEMAND THAT WE RELIEVE COLONEL
scene_heading: STAUFFENBERG.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Carl, if I may have a word with you
dialog: in private.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: If you have something to say,
dialog: Ludwig, say it here. Say it now.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Very well. There's no need to vote.
text: Beck turns to the bar, pours two drinks. Stauffenberg
text: stiffens, ready for the axe.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: I consider you a friend. And I look
dialog: forward to the day when we can once
dialog: again live as free men. But you've
dialog: become a liability.
text: Goerdeler smiles smugly. But the smile fades when
text: Beck turns, offering a drink to him.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry it has to be this way.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: Wha... What are you saying?
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Fellgiebel informed me this
dialog: evening... Himmler's issued an
dialog: order for your arrest. You'll have
dialog: to leave Germany. Tonight. When
dialog: we've succeeded with the central
dialog: solution you'll return as
dialog: Chancellor. Until then-
text: Goerdeler stands, confronting Stauffenberg.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER
dialog: This is your doing, isn't it? ISN'T
dialog: IT? You can't just get rid of me
dialog: like this. I am the man Germany
dialog: will follow. I'm... I...
text: Stauffenberg says nothing. He's too cool. Goerdeler
text: looks at the other conspirators, but no one is going
text: to speak for him. Finally, almost in tears:
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: GOERDELER (CONT'D)
dialog: Ludwig, I-
text: Beck offers him an envelope.
speaker_heading: BECK
text: Disappear, Carl. Avoid contact with
dialog: anyone.
text: Ugly pause. Goerdeler snatches the envelope and sulks
dialog: out. We could not be happier to see him go. Beck
text: coughs, turns to Stauffenberg.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: No more indecision. From now on,
dialog: Stauffenberg has discretion.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: I can't issue Valkyrie again unless
dialog: we follow through. If he fails to-
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I'll do my job. You just take
dialog: Berlin.
scene_heading: INT. STAUFFENBERG'S BERLIN FLAT - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON: A telephone. Stauffenberg's three fingered
text: hand picks up the receiver and lifts it out of frame.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (V.O.)
dialog: I'd like to place a call to
dialog: Bamberg, please.
scene_heading: INT. STAUFFENBERG HOME - BAMBERG - NIGHT
text: Nina and her children eat supper around a single
text: candle, Bamberg is experiencing a blackout. Though
text: Nina manages a tranquil facade she is anything but.
text: ANGLE ON: The silent telephone in the foreground. We
text: wait for it to ring, but it never does.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - NIGHT
text: Beck enters to find Stauffenberg in the front pew,
text: staring at Christ on the cross.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Have you made your peace with God,
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: As best I can.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Then you have nothing to fear.
text: Stauffenberg manages a smile as Beck sits.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I know the soldier inside me is a
dialog: traitor. I wonder how I'll be
dialog: judged as a man.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: By history?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: By God.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: In the end, we answer only to
dialog: ourselves.
text: Stauffenberg fingers the cross and ring hanging from
text: the chain around his neck.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you reach your wife?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Bombing in Ebingen. I can't get
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: BECK
text: Ebingen is a long way from Bamberg.
dialog: They're safe. You've seen to that.
dialog: (realizing...)
dialog: To think... You came to us a
dialog: wounded soldier from Africa. Now...
dialog: Now you are both the architect and
dialog: the assassin. I'm still trying to
dialog: understand how this came to be.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: (more to himself)
text: Like a farmer watching the corn
dialog: grow. One day it's over his head...
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Nothing...
text: And the two men look up at the cross in silence.
scene_heading: 71 EXT. STAUFFENBERG FLAT - DAYBREAK 71
text: In these waking hours Berlin appears quite peaceful.
text: Only the distant sound of shelling reminds us that
text: the city is surrounded by war.
scene_heading: 72 INT. STAUFFENBERG FLAT - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 72
text: A tawny leather briefcase sits on a neatly made bed.
text: Stauffenberg, freshly bathed and wrapped in a towel,
text: shaves in front of the mirror. For the first time we
text: see his scars and deformities in full. He looks
text: himself over, finally focusing on the chain around
text: his neck, contemplating the small cross and the ring -
dialog: its engraving: finis-initium [end-beginning].
text: Though his face is clean-shaven now, he continues,
text: slowly running the razor down his throat. Then he
text: stops, pressing the blade a little too hard and
text: bringing blood. It almost seems intentional.
text: CLOSE ON: The box that holds his glass eye, staring.
scene_heading: 73 INT. STAUFFENBERG FLAT - BEDROOM - LATER 73
text: Stauffenberg has since mastered the process of
text: dressing himself. JUMP CUTS take us from a wounded
text: soldier to an officer of the General Staff.
text: CLOSE ON: His crisp white collar, picking up a trace
text: of blood from the cut on his throat.
scene_heading: 74 EXT. STAUFFENBERG FLAT - DAY 74
scene_heading: TITLES: 20 JULY 1944. 6:00 AM.
text: Haeften holds the door for Stauffenberg, stepping
text: into a military sedan.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 75 EXT. BERLIN - VARIOUS - DAY 75
dialog: For the first time we see Berlin in broad daylight -
text: the city in ruins. The drive through the rubbled,
text: smoky streets is particularly eerie today.
scene_heading: 78 EXT. AIRFIELD - RANGSDORF - DAY 78
text: TITLES: 7:00 AM.
text: Haeften and Stauffenberg board a three-engine courier
text: plane - each carrying a leather briefcase. A moment
text: later the plane is taking off.
scene_heading: 79 INT. SMOKY ROOM - DAY 79
text: A group of 30 RESISTANCE OFFICERS talk quietly,
text: smoking cigarettes and waiting anxiously. Many of the
text: faces we recognize, some we see for the first time.
text: We notice Witzleben has donned his old military
text: uniform, looking a little too proud.
text: Beck looks over the faces of these men, trying to
text: contain his own fear. His eye catches the door
text: opening and a MAN IN A DECORATED POLICE UNIFORM
text: entering the room. We tense.
text: One by one, the men in the room stop talking, staring
text: at the police officer. Just as we think it's over:
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Gentlemen, may I introduce Chief
dialog: Helldorf. He's guaranteed the full
text: support of the Berlin Police.
text: Helldorf nods. The men breathe a collective sigh of
text: relief. Some laugh. Many shake Helldorf's hand.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: We can begin.
text: Beck moves to a table covered with maps of Berlin,
text: Paris and the Wolf's Lair.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: Hitler has scheduled a military
dialog: briefing for today at one o'clock.
dialog: Stauffenberg will strike regardless
dialog: of who else is present.
dialog: 68.
text: As Beck speaks, we see how things should play out...
scene_heading: 80 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - DAY 80
text: Stauffenberg and Haeften are driven in a topless
text: sedan. Each carries his leather briefcase.
speaker_heading: BECK (V.O.)
dialog: Once in position, he will signal us
dialog: once to alert the troops and again
dialog: after the flash...
scene_heading: 81 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - BUNKER - DAY 81
text: Stauffenberg and Haeften quickly get in the sedan -
text: the concrete bunker just behind him - its steel door
text: closed. They speed out of frame a beat before a
text: muffled explosion rocks the bunker - the steel door
text: bulges but holds fast. Only a wisp of smoke escapes.
scene_heading: 82 INT. WAR MINISTRY- FROMM'S OFFICE - DAY 82
text: SOLDIERS burst into Fromm's office and arrest the
text: bewildered General without incident.
speaker_heading: BECK (V.O.)
dialog: Assuming Fromm refuses to join us,
dialog: Olbricht will take Command of the
dialog: Reserve Army and initiate Operation
dialog: Valkyrie.
text: Olbricht takes Fromm's place and starts making calls.
dialog: At least this is how it should happen...
scene_heading: 83 INT./EXT. BERLIN - VARIOUS - DAY 83
text: Establishing shots of the idle troops and equipment
text: as they are once again called into action.
speaker_heading: BECK (V.O.)
dialog: Then he'll notify all district
dialog: commanders between Paris and Berlin
dialog: that the SS is attempting to seize
dialog: power. The Reserve Army will arrest
dialog: all SS, Gestapo and Nazi officials.
text: The same soldiers are now storming government
text: buildings and seizing personnel.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: 84 INT. WAR MINISTRY - DAY 84
text: Witzleben and Beck march in with ARMED SOLDIERS.
speaker_heading: BECK (V.O.)
dialog: When the time is right, Witzleben
dialog: and I will arrive at the War
dialog: Ministry and assume the roles of
dialog: Commander of the Armed Forces and
dialog: Head of State, respectively.
scene_heading: 85 INT. RADIO STATION - DAY 85
text: Goerdeler stands at a radio microphone, reading
text: passionately from a prepared script with dramatic
text: gestures painfully reminiscent of Hitler.
speaker_heading: BECK (V.O.)
text: With Berlin secured, Goerdeler will
dialog: return and address the nation as
dialog: our new Chancellor. Then, God
dialog: willing, we can negotiate a truce
dialog: with the Allies and spare Europe
dialog: from total destruction.
scene_heading: 86 INT. SMOKY ROOM - DAY 86
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Gentlemen, this is the most
dialog: important day of your lives. Long
dialog: live sacred Germany.
text: The conspirators salute and leave. Beck places both
text: hands on the table to support himself, coughing and
text: exhausted. Then he looks nervously at his watch...
scene_heading: 87 INT. WAR MINISTRY - OLBRICHT'S OFFICE - DAY 87
text: Olbricht paces before his desk. Mertz watches him,
dialog: anxiously waiting for:
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: Put the Reserve Army on standby
dialog: alert.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Not until I hear from Stauffenberg.
dialog: Not until I'm sure.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: But that's not what he-
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Noted, Colonel. Thank you.
scene_heading: 88 EXT. AIRFIELD - RASTENBURG - DAY 88
text: The plane touches down and taxis to a stop.
text: Stauffenberg and Haeften deplane and immediately step
text: into a waiting courier car driven by a young, dutiful
text: Nazi. SECOND LIEUTENANT KRETZ. Remember him.
scene_heading: 89 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - DAY 89
text: Even this early, the heat is oppressive.
text: We watch from a distance as the courier car is
text: stopped at the outer checkpoint. Once again, the
text: GUARD carefully examines Stauffenberg and Haeften's
text: identification and takes their pistols before
text: allowing the car to pass. We follow.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - KEITEL'S OFFICE - DAY 90
dialog: Est. Field Marshal Wilhelm Keitel's office as the
text: courier car arrives.
text: Stauffenberg and Haeften are greeted by Freyend who
dialog: shows them to:
scene_heading: 91 INT. KEITEL'S OFFICE - WAITING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 91
text: TWO OFFICERS are already waiting. They stand...
speaker_heading: FREYEND
dialog: Gentlemen, may I present Colonel
dialog: Claus von Stauffenberg - Chief
dialog: Officer of the Reserve Army.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: Colonel Stauffenberg. This is an
dialog: honor. They say you're the man that
dialog: will defend Berlin from the Red
dialog: Army single-hand-
text: The officer realizes what a faux pas he has made as
text: soon as he says it. Unfazed, Stauffenberg smiles,
text: raising his briefcase with his single hand.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Indeed. I've got the whole bag of
dialog: tricks right here.
text: The officers laugh nervously, relieved he was not
text: insulted. Idiots. Meanwhile, Freyend steps toward
text: Haeften, reaching for the handle of his briefcase.
speaker_heading: FREYEND
dialog: Let me take that for you.
text: But Haeften snaps the case back. Freyend raises a
text: suspicious eye. Before he can press:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Colonel Stauffenberg?
text: Everyone turns to find General Fellgiebel standing at
text: the door. Everyone stands at attention.
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL
dialog: At east, Gentlemen.
dialog: (to Stauffenberg)
dialog: General Fellgiebel, communications.
dialog: I just wanted to meet the hero of
dialog: Africa... And see if there's
dialog: anything you need.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Yes, sir, there is. I'm expecting a
dialog: call of the utmost importance. Even
dialog: if it comes when I am in conference
dialog: with the Führer I'd appreciate it
dialog: if you had a man come and get me.
text: Beat. Fellgiebel and Stauffenberg share an instant
text: look of understanding.
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL
dialog: Of course, Colonel.
text: Fellgiebel salutes. Stauffenberg and the others
text: return it as Fellgiebel departs. Just then, Keitel
text: bursts from his office, fixing his tie.
speaker_heading: KEITEL
dialog: Gentlemen. The meeting has been
dialog: pushed forward to 12:30. Mussolini
text: is arriving on the afternoon train
dialog: and Hitler wants to have lunch with
dialog: him.
text: Stauffenberg is excited by a potential bonus.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Will Mussolini be in the briefing?
speaker_heading: KEITEL
dialog: I only wish he were. Then some
dialog: ambitious officer might take the
dialog: opportunity to shoot the dago
dialog: bastard.
text: Keitel makes a beeline for the door and the others
text: follow like good sheep. Stauffenberg holds back,
text: however, attracting Freyend's attention.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I'll need a place to wash up -
dialog: change my shirt.
text: Stauffenberg points to the shaving cut on his throat
text: and the tiny blood stain on his shirt. The cut was
dialog: intentional after all.
text: Annoyed, Freyend motions to the adjoining anteroom.
speaker_heading: FREYEND
dialog: Please, do be quick. You heard the
dialog: General.
text: Stauffenberg nods in appreciation. He motions for
text: Haeften to follow him. Freyend watches, curious.
scene_heading: 92 INT. KEITEL'S OFFICE - CHANGING ROOM - DAY 92
text: Fast on Stauffenberg's heels, Haeften closes the
text: door. A large portrait of Hitler looms, watching.
text: Stauffenberg positions himself at a small desk with
text: his back to the door. He removes a brick of plastic
text: explosive from his briefcase.
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You're arming them... now?
text: Stauffenberg quickly unbuttons his shirt, taking a
dialog: clean one out of his bag and putting it on as:
text: Haeften assembles a fuse.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: No room for error this time. Assume
dialog: I have ten minutes in this heat.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Two minutes for the walk, one for
dialog: the security check and one to the
dialog: bunker. Three minutes for the walk
dialog: back. That's seven.
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
text: Leaving just three minutes to place
dialog: the bomb.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Plenty of time.
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
text: If the bomb goes off in ten.
text: He carefully inserts the fuse into the explosive.
text: The RING OF A TELEPHONE startles us.
scene_heading: 93 INT. KEITEL'S OFFICE - WAITING ROOM - DAY 93
text: CLOSE ON THE TELEPHONE. Freyend answers.
speaker_heading: FREYEND
dialog: Major Freyend speaking.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Stauffenberg? Yes, he's arrived...
text: They are on their way now.
text: Freyend hangs up, glancing impatiently at his watch.
scene_heading: 94 INT. KEITEL'S OFFICE - CHANGING ROOM - DAY 94
text: Neatly dressed again, Stauffenberg carefully places
text: the primed explosive back in his briefcase. He and
text: Haeften turn their attention to the second explosive -
text: assembling the fuse, about to insert it when:
text: BANG. The door swings suddenly open - stopped short
text: by Stauffenberg's backside. He nearly drops the fuse.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Dammit man, what is it?
text: It's Freyend, of course, trying to peer through the
text: partially opened door. Stauffenberg hides the bombs
text: with his body.
speaker_heading: FREYEND
dialog: General Keitel insists that the
dialog: Colonel please hurry.
dialog: 74.
text: Haeften scoops the unarmed explosive into his
text: briefcase. Stauffenberg motions for Haeften to leave.
scene_heading: 95 INT. KEITEL'S OFFICE - HALLWAY - DAY 95
text: Haeften comes out, moving Freyend back with his body
text: and shutting the door behind him - a charged moment.
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
dialog: The Colonel is changing, Major. You
dialog: understand this can be difficult.
text: Freyend backs down. A little.
scene_heading: 96 INT. KEITEL'S OFFICE - CHANGING ROOM - DAY 96
text: Stauffenberg produces a pair of pliers (one handle
dialog: specially bent for easier use by a man with only
text: three fingers). With some effort, he manages to
text: secure the pliers around the fuse.
text: CLOSE ON THE ACID CAPSULE OF THE FUSE. The jaws of
text: the pliers gently squeeze, crushing it. The bomb is
dialog: live. There is no turning back now.
text: Stauffenberg closes his briefcase and opens the door,
text: greeted by Freyend and Haeften.
scene_heading: 97 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - OUTSIDE KEITEL'S OFFICE - DAY 97
text: Freyend scurries, trying to catch up with Keitel.
text: Stauffenberg and Haeften lag behind.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: (to Haeften)
dialog: See that the car is ready.
text: Haeften looks down at the briefcase in his hand - the
text: second, unarmed explosive inside.
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
dialog: But sir-
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I have everything I need,
dialog: Lieutenant. Thank you.
text: Haeften reluctantly takes his leave just as Freyend
text: turns back, eager for Stauffenberg to pick up the
text: pace. He reaches for the briefcase.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: FREYEND
dialog: Please. Let me help you with that.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: (pulling it away)
dialog: I can manage, thank you.
text: Freyend seems more than just a little peeved. But
text: Stauffenberg doesn't notice. He is focused straight
text: ahead, mentally calculating what time he has left.
text: The bunker suddenly seems miles away.
scene_heading: 98 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - OUTSIDE BUNKER - DAY 98
text: Security Perimeter I. Keitel and his men file through
text: the heavily guarded entrance. Each man holds up his
text: pass for the GUARDS to inspect. Stauffenberg is last.
text: Keitel heads toward a wooden structure up ahead -
text: AWAY FROM THE BUNKER. Stauffenberg is confused.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Where are they going?
speaker_heading: FREYEND
dialog: It's too hot. The briefing has been
text: moved to the conference hut.
text: ANGLE ON: The conference hut. The door and many
text: windows of the flimsy wooden structure are all open.
dialog: Not ideal for generating the deadly air pressure
text: vital to Stauffenberg's plan. But this obstacle only
text: seems to strengthen his resolve. He is a soldier
dialog: after all. And no military operation goes according
dialog: to plan. Making matters worse:
speaker_heading: FREYEND (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir, your briefcase. I insist.
text: Annoyed but not wanting to arouse suspicion,
text: Stauffenberg finally acquiesces, handing it over. He
text: watches Freyend carry the bomb into the hut. Pause.
text: Stauffenberg looks back over his shoulder to:
text: Fellgiebel - standing by the communications building.
text: The man who will get Stauffenberg out of the room
text: before the bomb goes off. They share a nod. Then
text: Stauffenberg steps into the hut.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: 99 INT. CONFERENCE HUT - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 99
text: In the room beyond we see Hitler at the end of a long
text: table surrounded by RANKING OFFICERS. One by one,
dialog: they present their individual briefings to the
text: nodding Führer. Stauffenberg whispers to Freyend.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: My injuries left me a bit hard of
dialog: hearing. See that you place me as
text: near the Führer as possible.
text: Freyend nods, but for now his concerns are elsewhere -
text: wrangling everyone into the meeting.
text: Like the other officers, Stauffenberg hangs up his
text: belt and hat on hooks at the entrance to the briefing
text: room. He catches sight of SERGEANT-MAJOR ADAM, the
text: conference hut's young telephone operator.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Sergeant. I'm expecting an urgent
dialog: call from Berlin...
scene_heading: 100 INT. CONFERENCE HUT - BRIEFING ROOM - DAY 100
text: A small room measuring 15 by 32 feet. Stifling heat.
text: We notice again that the windows are open to let in
text: some air. Hitler and his officers hunch over a long,
text: heavy table covered in detailed maps of Eastern
dialog: Europe and the Soviet Union.
text: LIEUTENANTS and SERGEANTS continually tiptoe in and
text: out of the room. A GENERAL stands beside Hitler in
text: the middle of his briefing:
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: The Eastern Front forces are
dialog: assured a victory... but they need
dialog: reinforcements.
dialog: In other words, they are getting pounded but he can't
text: say that. The General is relived to be interrupted by
text: Keitel's arrival. The briefing stops momentary as:
speaker_heading: KEITEL
dialog: Please pardon our tardiness... You
dialog: remember Colonel Stauffenberg?
dialog: 77.
text: Hitler makes a deliberate effort to shake
text: Stauffenberg's hand, their eyes lock - an unnerving
dialog: moment. Stauffenberg has come to kill this man
text: greeting him. The moment is broken when the General
text: clears his throat, continuing his presentation.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: As you can see, Mein Führer, the
dialog: situation in the East Prussian
dialog: sector is increasingly critical...
dialog: (and on and on...)
text: Freyend startles Stauffenberg slightly when he takes
text: him by the arm, moving him to his place at the table -
text: less than half a step from Hitler. He is squeezed in
dialog: between two other officers. We suck in wind when we
dialog: see who one of them is...
text: COLONEL HEINZ BRANDT - the same Brandt who carried
text: the bottles of Cointreau onto Hitler's plane so long
text: ago. He still scribbles in his damn datebook.
text: Freyend sets the briefcase beside Stauffenberg -
text: bumping Brandt's leg. Brandt looks down at the
dialog: briefcase - long enough to make us nervous.
text: He watches as Stauffenberg nonchalantly bends down,
text: sliding the briefcase as close to Hitler as possible,
text: leaning it against the heavy wooden table support
text: immediately to the right of Hitler's foot.
text: Stauffenberg looks back at the open door, glances at
text: his watch. He can clearly see Sergeant Adam, the
dialog: telephone operator. Where is his God-damn phone call?
text: Around him generals talk, Hitler nods, but we hear
text: nothing. Only the pulse of Stauffenberg's heartbeat
text: in his own ears - the only thing betraying his
text: otherwise outward calm.
text: He looks down at the briefcase - the bomb just under
text: his feet. He looks at Hitler nodding. The longer we
dialog: stay, the more excruciating it is. So we milk it.
text: Stauffenberg is startled when a hand touches his arm.
text: The annoying Freyend is there, whispering in his ear.
text: Keitel sees this, irritated by the interruption.
text: Stauffenberg makes a gesture to Keitel with his hand,
text: indicating a phone call. Keitel is not pleased.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: 101 INT. CONFERENCE HUT - HALLWAY - DAY 101
text: Freyend leads Stauffenberg to Adam who offers the
text: telephone receiver.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: General Fellgiebel, sir. He says
dialog: it's urgent.
text: Stauffenberg takes the phone and stares at Freyend
text: and Adam - they get the idea that this is a private
text: call and leave. When they are gone, Stauffenberg
text: simply lays the receiver down and walks out. Fast.
text: A moment later, Adam returns to the room. He sees the
text: receiver laying there. Odd. Looking down the hallway
text: he sees Stauffenberg quickly exiting the building.
text: Then he notices Stauffenberg's hat and belt still
text: hanging outside the briefing room.
speaker_heading: ADAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Colonel... Colonel, you forgot your-
scene_heading: 102 INT. CONFERENCE HUT - BRIEFING ROOM - DAY 102
text: Hitler leans on his elbows carefully studying the map
text: before him as the General's presentation drags on.
text: Brandt moves in closer, filling the void left by
text: Stauffenberg. His foot hits something. He looks at:
text: Stauffenberg's briefcase as it falls over.
text: Slowly, Brandt reaches down, picking up the
text: briefcase, looking around for Stauffenberg. He
text: considers the bag for a moment and we are sure he is
text: going to open it.
text: But then he puts it back under the table. But now the
text: heavy wooden support is BETWEEN Hitler and the bomb.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: ...And now I believe Colonel
dialog: Stauffenberg will present us with
dialog: his deployment for the Replacement
dialog: Army should the unthinkable occur
dialog: and the Russians reach-
text: Where is Stauffenberg? Keitel shoots Freyend a look.
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: 103 INT. CONFERENCE HUT - HALLWAY - DAY 103
text: Freyend steps into the hall. No sign of Stauffenberg.
text: Sergeant Adam approaches, looking confused.
speaker_heading: FREYEND
dialog: Where the hell is Stauffenberg?
text: But Adam shrugs, holding out Stauffenberg's hat.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - COMMUNICATIONS BUILDING - DAY 104
text: Fellgiebel and Haeften watch anxiously as
text: Stauffenberg clears the security checkpoint and walks
text: toward them, slow and deliberate - eerily calm.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE HUT - BRIEFING ROOM - DAY
text: Hitler at the far end of the room, bent over the
text: conference table, leaning on his elbows.
text: A MASSIVE, EAR-SPLITTING EXPLOSION lifts the table
text: up, throwing Hitler back and simultaneously
text: vaporizing the men standing on either side of him.
scene_heading: EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - CONFERENCE HUT - DAY
text: The hut explodes outward like a house of cards.
text: Bodies are thrown clear. Everyone hits the deck
text: except Stauffenberg. He just keeps walking.
text: A great cloud of smoke billows from the ruins. The
text: sky is alive with a swirl of burnt paper scraps and
text: ash. STUNNED OFFICERS are running about. Shouting.
text: Screaming. Absolute chaos.
text: Even knowing it was coming, Haeften is stunned.
text: Stauffenberg walks up to the communications building
text: and takes him by the arm, turning to Fellgiebel.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Contact General Olbricht in Berlin.
dialog: Tell him Hitler is dead. Proceed
dialog: with Operation Valkyrie. Then sever
dialog: all communications.
text: Fellgiebel nods and rushes to make the call.
text: Stauffenberg leads Haeften to their waiting car -
text: still driven by young Lt. Kretz.
dialog: 80.
text: He too is stunned by the explosion - so much so that
text: he does not think to get out and open the door for
text: his passengers. Stauffenberg climbs in next to Kretz,
text: pushing Haeften in the back.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Kretz)
dialog: Drive.
dialog: (Kretz lingers)
scene_heading: LIEUTENANT.
text: Kretz snaps out of it and jams the car in gear,
text: speeding off down the forested trail. Stauffenberg
text: and Haeften look back for a clear view of the total
text: destruction. Bodies are carried out of the demolished
text: hut - the grounds littered with the wounded.
text: Surly there is no way the Führer could have survived.
scene_heading: 105 INT. COMMUNICATIONS HUT - DAY 105
text: Fellgiebel holds a phone to his ear.
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL (INTO PHONE)
dialog: I said Olbricht. General Olbricht
text: at the War Ministry. The call is
dialog: urgent.
text: A breathless COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER enters, pointing
text: in mute shock to the ruin outside.
scene_heading: COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER
dialog: What the hell just happened?
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL
dialog: What does it look like? The Führer
dialog: is-
text: Fellgiebel freezes, something catching his eye.
text: COME AROUND TO HIS P.O.V. Share his horror. Through
text: the window, Fellgiebel has a clear view of the
text: conference hut, or rather what's left.
text: HITLER - limping, dazed, his clothes in tatters - is
text: being led from the smoldering ruins. He is very much:
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Alive...
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: 106 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - INNER SECURITY CHECKPOINT - DAY 106
text: Kretz brings the car to a sudden stop at the first
text: checkpoint. A barricade is in place. A GUARD
text: approaches. Stauffenberg and Haeften hold up passes.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: We have to get to the airfield at
text: once. Orders form the Führer.
text: The guard signals his men to remove the barricade.
scene_heading: 107 INT. COMMUNICATIONS HUT - MOMENTS LATER 107
text: Fellgiebel waits to be connected to the War Ministry
text: in Berlin. His Communications Officer awaits orders.
text: This makes it hard for Fellgiebel to speak plainly.
text: He plays up his distress for his audience.
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL (INTO PHONE)
dialog: I am calling from The Wolf's Lair
text: with urgent news for the General.
dialog: Something terrible has happened...
text: Then he turns his back, lowers his voice.
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispering)
text: The Führer is still alive.
speaker_heading: VOICE (ON PHONE)
dialog: I'm sorry. Please come again.
text: But Fellgiebel's officer is watching him, trying to
text: hear. Fellgiebel has no choice but to hang up.
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL
dialog: Sever all communications.
scene_heading: COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: FELLGIEBEL
scene_heading: DON'T ARGUE WITH ME, DAMMIT. JUST
speaker_heading: DO IT.
scene_heading: 108 INT. WAR MINISTRY - OLBRICHT'S OFFICE - DAY 108
text: Olbricht anxiously hovers over Mertz who shouts into
dialog: the phone.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: I didn't hear you. Come again.
scene_heading: Fellgiebel. FELLGIEBEL.
text: But it's no use. Mertz slowly hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Well, what did he say?
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: I... couldn't be sure. It sounded
dialog: as though he said... Hitler is
text: still alive.
text: Olbricht clinches his teeth and starts sweating.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Get him back on the line.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: Sir... The bomb did go off. That
dialog: much was clear. Fellgiebel's next
dialog: step will be to sever all
dialog: communications.
text: Olbricht is confused. Frozen.
speaker_heading: MERTZ (CONT'D)
text: Colonel Stauffenberg was explicit.
dialog: We initiate Valkyrie regardless.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Only Fromm can initiate. You know
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: Then lie. Tell him Hitler's dead.
dialog: Or arrest him. But do it now.
text: But Olbricht is frozen.
speaker_heading: MERTZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir... Did you hear me? You have to
dialog: give the order to initiate
dialog: Valkyrie. This is our only-
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: I'm not doing anything until I talk
dialog: to Fellgiebel. Get him back on the
text: phone. NOW.
text: Mertz shakes his head bitterly and dials, but he'll
dialog: never get through.
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: 109 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - OUTER SECURITY CHECKPOINT - DAY 109
text: Stauffenberg's car presses on through the woods
text: toward the last security checkpoint, but numerous new
text: road barriers are in place. This is not good.
text: One SERGEANT KOLBE and TWO ARMED SOLDIERS step from
text: the guardhouse, signalling Kretz to stop.
speaker_heading: KOLBE
text: No one gets in or out.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: We're on orders from the Führer. We
dialog: have to get to the airfield
dialog: immediately. You will step aside.
speaker_heading: KOLBE
dialog: I'm sorry, sir, but my orders are-
text: Stauffenberg steps out of the vehicle and makes a
text: beeline for the guardroom. Kolbe races after him.
scene_heading: 110 INT. GUARDROOM - CONTINUOUS 110
text: Stauffenberg snatches up the telephone before Kolbe
dialog: and his men can stop him.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Get me General Keitel.
text: Stauffenberg wipes a single bead of sweat from his
text: brow. With the guards hovering over him, he turns and
text: casually sits on the desk, blocking the phone with
text: his body. He surreptitiously rests his hand on the
text: telephone cradle, hanging up. He talks to no one.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes... General Keitel. Stauffenberg
dialog: here. I can't get past the outer
dialog: gate. A Sergeant...
text: He looks at Kolbe. Kolbe swallows.
speaker_heading: KOLBE
dialog: Kolbe.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Sergeant Kolbe says no one is
dialog: getting out... Yes. Yes. Maybe you
dialog: can explain it to him.
dialog: 84.
text: Stauffenberg holds out the phone - staring hard,
text: bluffing harder. Kolbe considers the phone. Finally:
speaker_heading: KOLBE
dialog: That won't be necessary, Colonel.
scene_heading: 111 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - OUTER SECURITY CHECKPOINT - LATER 111
text: A humiliated Kolbe watches Stauffenberg's car speed
text: away from the open barriers. Free.
scene_heading: 112 INT. CAR - DAY 112
text: Silence but for the chattering engine. Kretz is
text: distracted by movement in the rearview mirror.
text: P.O.V. IN REARVIEW MIRROR. Haeften rummages through
text: his briefcase, removing objects Kretz can't make out
text: - tossing them, one by one, into the woods. Haeften
text: realizes he is being watched by Kretz in the mirror
text: and shoots him a look. "Mind your own business."
text: Kretz returns his attention to the road. But
dialog: something just isn't sitting right with him...
scene_heading: 113 EXT. AIRFIELD - RASTENBURG - DAY 113
scene_heading: TITLES: 1:15 PM.
text: Stauffenberg and Haeften climb aboard a waiting
text: plane. A beat later it is rolling down the runway.
speaker_heading: MERTZ (V.O.)
dialog: Every second we stand here arguing
dialog: is a second lost.
scene_heading: 114 INT. WAR MINISTRY - OLBRICHT'S OFFICE - DAY 114
text: Olbricht is calm - in full denial. He straightens his
text: tie in the mirror as Mertz paces the room, flustered.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: I can't initiate Valkyrie without
text: confirmation that Hitler's dead.
dialog: It's too great a risk.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: What about Stauffenberg? What about
dialog: his risk? He did his part and now
dialog: you're abandoning him.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Watch yourself, Colonel.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: Shouldn't you be consulting Beck?
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: I know just what Beck will say.
dialog: He's a dying man. What does he have
dialog: to lose?
text: He puts on his hat and coat now, turning to leave.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: At least put the Reserve Army on
dialog: alert.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: I can't cover up another false
text: alarm. When Stauffenberg returns,
dialog: when he gives me confirmation. Then
dialog: we'll proceed.
text: Mertz is speechless. As Olbricht walks out:
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: And where are you going?
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: The same place you are. Lunch.
scene_heading: 115 INT. KEITEL'S OFFICE - DAY 115
text: Keitel sits at his desk, listening intently to
text: someone O.S. Although his wounds are superficial, he
text: certainly took a beating in the blast.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL:
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: The one-eyed Colonel...
speaker_heading: KEITEL
dialog: Stauffenberg.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: He left the building very abruptly -
text: just before the explosion.
speaker_heading: KEITEL
text: Several men left the building
text: before the explosion.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yes, sir. Of course. But...
speaker_heading: KEITEL
dialog: But what? Spit it out, man.
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: Well. The Colonel left his hat.
text: Keitel's expression sours. "Is that all you've got
dialog: for me?" He is about to say so when that prick
text: Freyend barges in, also banged up. With him is Kretz -
text: Stauffenberg's driver.
speaker_heading: FREYEND
dialog: Pardon the intrusion, sir, but I
dialog: think you will be most interested
dialog: to hear what this man has to say.
scene_heading: 116 INT. WAR MINISTRY - OLBRICHT'S OFFICE - DAY 116
text: TITLES: 2:00 PM.
text: Forty-five precious minutes have slipped away.
text: Mertz sits alone at Olbricht's desk, lighting a fresh
text: cigarette with the remains of another. The ashtray
text: says he's been at this for quite a while. He stares
text: at the clock, as if attempting to will time forward.
text: His eyes sweep across Olbricht's desk, past his
text: files, his stationery, framed photographs of his
text: family. Then he looks up at a portrait of Hitler.
text: Mertz is struck suddenly with a notion. He looks
text: again at Olbricht's desk. His stationery...
dialog: "Fuck it."
text: He grabs the stationery and feeds it into a
dialog: typewriter.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: 117 INT. WAR MINISTRY - COMMUNICATIONS OFFICE - DAY 117
text: Mertz approaches a LOWLY TELECOMMUNICATIONS OPERATOR.
text: Awkward pause. A struggle with the soul. Then he
text: hands over a sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: Orders from General Olbricht.
scene_heading: CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK...
scene_heading: 118 INT. CENTRAL COMMUNICATIONS - BERLIN - DAY 118
dialog: Again we are inside the nerve center of Nazi
text: communications. Again the teletypes busily chatter
text: away. And again, Sgt. Helm is curious, watching:
scene_heading: STANDBY FOR OPERATION VALKYRIE...
text: The TELETYPE OPERATOR looks up at Helm. "What do I
text: do?" Helm glances over his shoulder to the uptight
text: Lt. Haan - oblivious. Helm shrugs.
speaker_heading: HELM
dialog: Send it through. But keep me
dialog: informed.
text: A SHRILL WHISTLE takes us to...
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN - VARIOUS - DAY
text: Once again RESERVISTS and CADETS rush to their homes
text: and scramble to put on their uniforms.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. DEUTSCHLAND GUARD BATTALION - DAY 119
text: The siren, the sculpted eagle and swastika, the
text: pillared stronghold. Tanks and heavy equipment are
dialog: once again made ready.
text: General Hase issues the alert signal just as he did
text: before, watching the men of the Reserve Army
text: scramble. In the melee we find Lieutenant Hagen.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Here we go again.
dialog: He says this to:
dialog: 88.
dialog: Major Remer, the man who was so suspicious last time
text: is even more suspicious now.
scene_heading: 121 EXT. WOLF'S LAIR - CONFERENCE HUT - DAY 121
text: A light drizzle. A man jabbering in Italian O.S.
text: We get our first good look at the demolished briefing
dialog: hut. That anyone survived is a miracle. Officers
text: crowd around the smoldering ruins, the Führer himself
text: heading this procession. He wears new clothes,
text: nodding, smiling politely to the jabbering Italian
text: O.S. A slight wince is the only indication that he
dialog: was damn near blown to bits just hours ago.
text: COME AROUND TO REVEAL none other than BENITO
text: MUSSOLINI speaking an incessant stream of Italian.
text: HITLER'S P.O.V. Blissful silence. Mussolini's
text: blathering falls literally on deaf ears.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. AIRFIELD - RANGSDORF - DAY 122
text: TITLES: 3:15 PM.
text: Three hours have passed since the explosion.
text: Stauffenberg and Haeften alight from the plane. The
text: airfield is surprisingly calm. No car to meet them.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Quiet, isn't it?
dialog: Too quiet.
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
dialog: I'll see where our driver is.
text: Haeften walks over to the office. Stauffenberg looks
text: around the airfield. The silence slowly becomes
text: unnerving. He goes after Haeften.
scene_heading: 123 INT. AIRFIELD OFFICE - DAY 123
text: Stauffenberg enters just in time to hear:
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: You mean to tell me that the alert
dialog: is only just going out-
text: Stauffenberg swipes the phone from Haeften.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (INTO PHONE)
dialog: This is Stauffenberg. Get me
dialog: General Olbricht.
scene_heading: 124 INT. WAR MINISTRY - OLBRICHT'S OFFICE - DAY 124
text: Olbricht storms in, furious. He stands over Mertz,
text: waving a document in his face - the very same
text: document Mertz typed on Olbricht's stationery.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Explain this.
speaker_heading: MERTZ
dialog: Someone had to do something while
dialog: you were playing dead.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: We don't know that the Führer is
dialog: not alive. We don't know any-
speaker_heading: MERTZ
text: THIS IS ABOUT GERMANY, FOR GOD'S
dialog: SAKE. NOT YOU. BE A MAN.
text: Before a fuming Olbricht can respond, the phone
text: rings. Both men look at it - Olbricht is afraid to
text: answer. Mertz shakes his head and picks up.
speaker_heading: MERTZ (CONT'D)
text: General Olbricht's office.
text: He looks at Olbricht grimly, holding out the phone.
speaker_heading: MERTZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Stauffenberg for you, sir.
text: Olbricht would rather take a live cobra than handle
dialog: the phone right now. But take it he does.
scene_heading: 125 INT. AIRFIELD OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 125
dialog: (Note: Intercut between Olbricht and Stauffenberg.)
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: It's been three hours, Olbricht.
dialog: What the hell have you been doing?
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: We've had no confirmation that-
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Dammit man, I saw the explosion
dialog: myself. Nothing else matters now.
dialog: We are committed.
text: Olbricht sits, color draining from his face. A real
dialog: "what have I done" moment.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Dear God.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Now where is Fromm? Is he with us
dialog: or did you-
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: I- No one has spoken to him yet.
text: Stauffenberg pounds his fist on the wall, furious -
dialog: for the first and only time showing us a crack in his
text: ultra-cool exterior. He collects himself and looks at
dialog: his watch.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Listen to me, Olbricht. Never mind
dialog: Germany. Never mind Europe. Your
dialog: life is at stake now, do you
dialog: understand? If you want to live
dialog: through the night you'll do exactly
dialog: as I say.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: The second you hang up the phone,
dialog: initiate Operation Valkyrie in
dialog: Fromm's name. Then go over to his
dialog: office in force, give him the
dialog: choice to join us or place him
dialog: under immediate arrest. Do I make
dialog: myself perfectly clear?
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I am at the airfield now. I will be
dialog: in Fromm's office in fifteen
dialog: minutes. Be there when I arrive.
text: He slams the phone down, taking us to:
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: 126 INT. WAR MINISTRY - OLBRICHT'S OFFICE - DAY 126
text: Silence. With shaking hands, Olbricht moves the
text: portrait of Hitler, exposing a hidden wall safe from
text: which he removes, at last, a thick folder marked:
speaker_heading: VALKYRIE
text: He looks at Mertz.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: Get Beck and the others. Tell them
dialog: it's time.
text: Relieved, Mertz nods and rushes out. Olbricht picks
text: up the phone and dials. After a beat, he reads from
text: the first page of the Valkyrie order.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT (CONT'D)
dialog: This is General Olbricht calling on
dialog: behalf of General Fromm - Commander
dialog: of the Home Army. Adolf Hitler, is
text: dead. A group of radicals from the
dialog: SS are attempting to seize control
dialog: of the government. Operation
dialog: Valkyrie is in effect. All military
dialog: districts, training schools and
dialog: replacement troops are to take
dialog: control of essential government
dialog: offices at once...
scene_heading: CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK...
scene_heading: 127 INT. CENTRAL COMMUNICATIONS - BERLIN - DAY 127
text: Lt. Haans sits at his desk, sensing someone over his
text: shoulder. He turns to find Sgt. Helm, a sheet of
text: paper in his trembling hands.
speaker_heading: HELM
text: The Führer is dead.
text: Skeptical, Haans snatches the paper from Helm. When
text: he looks up, the entire staff is looking at him, some
text: with tears in their eyes - others perhaps hiding a
text: sense of relief.
text: A phone rings. Then another. The chattering teletypes
text: seem to surge into another gear as news of Hitler's
text: death starts to spread.
dialog: 92.
text: Long pause. Haans struggles with the sheer size of
dialog: the moment.
speaker_heading: HAANS
dialog: You all know your jobs. Get to
dialog: work.
text: Zombie-like, the Operators go back to their
text: teletypes, passing orders along.
dialog: But one Operator - the one Helm asked to keep him
dialog: informed - notices something strange about one order
text: in a stack of many he is sifting through.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Sergeant. This order is signed by
dialog: Witzleben.
speaker_heading: HELM
dialog: (taking the paper)
dialog: That's ridiculous. He`s not even in
dialog: the army anymore.
text: But sure enough, there is Witzleben's name. Strange.
text: Helm looks over at the devastated Haans, wondering
dialog: how to handle this. Then, like a good little Nazi:
speaker_heading: HELM (CONT'D)
dialog: Pass the order along.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. DEUTSCHLAND GUARD BATTALION - DAY 128
text: RESERVE SOLDIERS are marched into readiness. Vehicles
text: moved into place. As they await further orders...
speaker_heading: FROMM (V.O.)
dialog: Who told you the Führer was dead?
scene_heading: 129 INT. WAR MINISTRY - FROMM'S OFFICE - DAY 129
text: Mertz and a sheepish Olbricht stand before Fromm. A
text: stunned Lt. Herber hovers by the door.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
text: General Fellgiebel. At the Wolf's
dialog: Lair.
text: Fromm is at a loss for words. This just can't be so.
text: He picks up the phone.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: FROMM (INTO PHONE)
dialog: This is Fromm. Put me through to
dialog: The Wolf's Lair.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: There's no use calling, all
dialog: communication lines are-
speaker_heading: FROMM (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Yes. General Fromm for Field
dialog: Marshal Keitel. Urgent.
text: Mertz and Olbricht are shocked that he got through.
scene_heading: 130 INT. WOLF'S LAIR - KEITEL'S OFFICE - DAY 130
text: Keitel is still nursing a few wounds.
speaker_heading: FROMM (ON PHONE)
dialog: What's going on up there? The most
dialog: incredible rumors are circulating
dialog: in Berlin.
text: Immediately suspicious, Keitel plays dumb, leading...
speaker_heading: KEITEL
dialog: I don't know what you mean.
dialog: Everything's in order here.
text: Keitel looks out the window at the still smoldering
text: ruins of the conference hut in the distance.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: There's talk the Führer's been
dialog: assassinated.
speaker_heading: KEITEL
text: Another failed attempt. The Führer
dialog: was never in danger.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: By the way, where is your man
dialog: Colonel Stauffenberg?
scene_heading: 131 INT. WAR MINISTRY - FROMM'S OFFICE - DAY 131
speaker_heading: FROMM
text: Stauffenberg? On his way back to
dialog: Berlin, I should think.
text: At the very mention of his name, Olbricht starts
text: squirming.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: KEITEL (ON PHONE)
dialog: Let me know when he arrives. I'd
text: like a word with him.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Certainly.
text: Click. After a beat, Fromm hangs up, smug.
speaker_heading: FROMM (CONT'D)
text: A false alarm. The Führer is fine.
text: Herber's outward relief stands in sharp contrast to
text: Olbricht's barely contained dread. Then:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: That's a lie.
text: All eyes turn to see Stauffenberg and Haeften appear
text: in the doorway. Mertz lets out a sigh of relief as
text: they push their way past Herber and march into the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
text: Hitler is dead. Operation Valkyrie
text: is in effect.
text: Fromm stands, pounding his fist on the desk.
speaker_heading: FROMM
scene_heading: OPERATION VAL- WHO GAVE THE ORDER?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: You did.
speaker_heading: FROMM
text: THIS IS NOTHING LESS THAN TREASON.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Be that as it may, the Reserve Army
dialog: is assuming control here in Berlin.
dialog: We trust you'll join us.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Dammit, man. Do you realize what
dialog: you've done? The Führer is a-
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I delivered the bomb myself. I saw
text: the blast. He is dead.
text: Fromm is stunned on several levels. He slowly sits
text: back in his chair.
dialog: 95.
text: CLOSE ON: Lt. Herber, who sees Stauffenberg as the
text: model Nazi, is more shocked by this than the news of
dialog: Hitler's death.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: This can't be happening. It's some
dialog: kind of joke.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Are you with us or not?
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Colonel, if what you say is true
dialog: you should shoot yourself at once.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: The rest of you are under arrest.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: No, General. You are.
text: And with those words, Haeften and Mertz draw their
text: pistols, training them on the confused Fromm. Herber
text: is paralyzed - unsure of what to do.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: I don't know where you think this
dialog: is going, but I suggest you men
dialog: change into civilian clothes and
dialog: find a place to hide.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: (to Haeften)
text: Lock him upstairs in his private
dialog: quarters. Make sure his phone lines
dialog: are cut.
scene_heading: 132 INT. WAR MINISTRY- HALLWAY - DAY 132
text: Stauffenberg, Mertz and Olbricht march with great
text: purpose. They are joined by Beck, coming the other
text: way, wearing a plain dark suit. It is moving to see
text: the old man manage the long walk.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: You're not in uniform.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: This has to be seen as a movement
dialog: of the people.
text: Then he takes Stauffenberg's arm, letting Mertz and
text: Olbricht walk on, lowering his voice.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: You're certain he's dead.
text: Certain? Stauffenberg can see the private fear in
text: beck's eyes. But before he can answer, he is
text: interrupted by a gasp O.S. as Olbricht opens the door
text: to his office, stepping back in shock. The others
dialog: turn to see what it is...
scene_heading: 133 INT. WAR MINISTRY - OLBRICHT'S OFFICE - DAY 133
text: Looking out at the shocked faces of Olbricht, Mertz,
text: Beck and Stauffenberg. PULL BACK TO REVEAL:
text: Olbricht's office is packed to the four walls with
text: GERMAN OFFICERS - all of them standing in silence,
text: looking at the leaders of the Resistance with great
text: respect. Stauffenberg walks in and the crowd parts,
text: solemn and silent, nodding and whispering thanks.
text: A YOUNG OFFICER steps forward. He looks hauntingly
text: like the Lieutenant who drove Stauffenberg in Africa.
speaker_heading: YOUNG OFFICER
dialog: Colonel Stauffenberg, sir. We're
dialog: reporting for duty.
text: Stauffenberg is moved beyond words. Suddenly, what
text: was once a small clutch of discarded generals and
text: politicians is now a movement of motivated men.
text: Stauffenberg nods, collects himself. In the crowd he
text: finds Helldorf, the head of the Berlin Police, whom
text: we met earlier. At first he speaks quietly, humbled.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: (shaking hands)
dialog: Helldorf, I'm... glad to see you.
dialog: We're getting a late start and we
dialog: need all of the manpower we can
dialog: muster. Can we count on the police?
speaker_heading: HELLDORF
dialog: There's a lot of talk that Hitler
dialog: isn't really dead. Is this true?
text: Awkward pause. Good question. The men in the room
text: share nervous glances. Then all eyes on Stauffenberg.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: I can't offer you any guarantees.
dialog: The decision is yours and yours
dialog: alone. Can we count on you?
dialog: 97.
text: Long pause. PAN ACROSS the uneasy faces of the men in
text: the room, perhaps all of them waiting to see what
text: Helldorf does before making their decisions. Finally:
speaker_heading: HELLDORF
dialog: I'm with you.
text: Stauffenberg can barely hide his relief. There is a
text: palpable shift in the room. One by one, the officers
text: in the room reaffirm their commitment to the coup.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Have your men surround the
text: building. No one gets in or out of
dialog: here without my permission.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: I want every available soldier on
dialog: task - we need simultaneous control
dialog: of every government building in the
dialog: city. Dismissed.
text: The soldiers move, but Beck's voice stops them -
text: surprisingly loud and clear for a sick old man.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Acts of vengeance will not be
dialog: tolerated. We represent a different
dialog: form of government. We represent
dialog: what is good and just in Germany.
scene_heading: AN EXPLOSION OF ACTIVITY:
scene_heading: 135 INT. WAR MINISTRY - STAUFFENBERG'S OFFICE - DAY 135
text: Stauffenberg stands at his cluttered desk, a flurry
text: of activity surrounding him. He is frantically
text: speaking into the phone and to those present.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: ...Deploy troops to seize and
dialog: protect all Reich agencies. Of most
dialog: importance are communication
dialog: centers - newspapers, radio
dialog: stations, telephone and telegraph
dialog: offices. All Nazi officials and
dialog: government leaders are to be
dialog: arrested at once...
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: 136 INT. MILITARY COMMANDANT'S OFFICE - BERLIN - DAY 136
text: General Hase, the Berlin Commandant, stands before a
text: giant map of Berlin, addressing a roomful of NAZI
speaker_heading: OFFICERS.
speaker_heading: HASE
dialog: ... Completely blockade the
dialog: government quarters. Everything
dialog: from the Brandenburg Gate to
dialog: Potsdamer Platz. Nobody, not even
dialog: generals or ministers, should be
dialog: allowed to pass.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You have your orders, gentlemen.
dialog: Again, we focus on Major Remer, Commander of the
text: Deutschland Guard Battalion and always suspicious.
speaker_heading: HASE (CONT'D)
dialog: Is there a problem, Major?
speaker_heading: REMER
dialog: It just all seems very... vague,
dialog: sir. Protocol dictates we should
dialog: receive orders in writing-
speaker_heading: HASE
dialog: These are the orders as they were
dialog: presented to me, Major. Now move.
text: Pause. Just before the pause becomes insolent, Remer
text: clicks his heels and salutes, leaving. But the look
text: on his face tells us he's hatching a plan of his own.
dialog: You are right to be nervous.
scene_heading: 137 EXT. GOVERNMENT QUARTERS - BERLIN - VARIOUS - LATER 137
text: The city center is abuzz with soldiers and military
text: vehicles as they frantically cordon off the streets.
text: SOLDIERS come out of various government buildings
text: with SEVERAL NAZI GENERALS in custody, hands bound.
text: They push them into waiting trucks.
text: Meanwhile, PASSING CIVILIANS walk quickly by, trying
text: to pretend they don't see anything. Years of Nazi
dialog: rule have told them to mind their own business.
dialog: 99.
text: ANGLE ON: A staff car - Major Remer in the back,
text: watching the entire scene with cold eyes. Lt. Hagen
text: emerges from the chaos on the streets.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Major Remer. We've just had orders
dialog: from the War Ministry. The
dialog: battalion is to blockade the
dialog: government quarter and place
text: Minister Goebbels under arrest.
text: Remer does not move. He just thinks.
speaker_heading: HAGEN (CONT'D)
dialog: What is it, Major?
speaker_heading: REMER
dialog: Something just doesn't feel right
dialog: about this. I would hate to find
dialog: out I'm being taken advantage of.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: A coup you think?
speaker_heading: REMER
dialog: Of that I am certain. What I can't
dialog: say is which side we're on. Get in.
text: As Hagen does, Remer turns to his DRIVER.
speaker_heading: REMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Take us to the Reichministry. Be
dialog: quick about it.
scene_heading: 140 INT. WAR MINISTRY - FROMM'S OFFICE - DAY 140
text: Stauffenberg, Beck and Olbricht lead a continued
text: effort to manage the coup. Each man shouts orders
text: into the phone, all the while signing dispatches sent
text: by a steady flow of RUNNERS.
scene_heading: FRAULEIN VON OVEN (the secretary who worked with
text: Stauffenberg and Tresckow to compile the Valkyrie
text: orders) rushes in, whispering to Stauffenberg.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Send him in.
dialog: (Oven hesitates)
dialog: It's all right. Send him in.
dialog: 100.
text: She opens the door and motions to someone outside.
text: After a beat, the door is filled with an almost
text: classic looking Nazi - A FAT GENERAL bristling with
text: medals. He enters the room, confused when he sees
text: Olbricht at Fromm's desk.
speaker_heading: FAT GENERAL
dialog: Begging your pardon, but I have
dialog: orders to report to General Fromm.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: General Fromm is no longer in
dialog: command. I am.
speaker_heading: FAT GENERAL
dialog: I...
dialog: (seeing Beck)
dialog: Beck? What are you- What is going
dialog: on here?
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
text: The Führer is dead. The SS is
dialog: staging a coup. We've initiated
dialog: Operation Valkyrie to crush the
dialog: uprising and save Hitler's Germany.
text: The Fat General assesses the scene with suspicion.
speaker_heading: FAT GENERAL
dialog: I'd say there is a coup all right,
dialog: but it's not the SS.
text: Olbricht offers a sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: You will present these orders to
dialog: your troops.
speaker_heading: FAT GENERAL
dialog: I will do no such thing without
dialog: speaking to General Fromm. I swore
dialog: an oath-
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: You have your orders. Join us or
dialog: face the consequences.
text: Stauffenberg and Olbricht take an imposing step in
text: the Fat General's direction. He carefully backs away.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: FAT GENERAL
dialog: This is treason. I won't take part.
text: The Führer is not dead. THE FÜHRER
dialog: IS NOT DEAD.
text: The Fat General makes a break for it. The
text: conspirators chase him out into...
scene_heading: 141 INT. WAR MINISTRY - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 141
text: The Fat General pushes past ONLOOKING OFFICERS.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
text: STOP THAT MAN.
text: But they just watch the commotion, stunned. A ranking
text: general being chased like a common criminal. Surreal.
text: Haeften and Mertz appear at the other end of the hall
text: - pistols raised, blocking the General's path. With
text: Stauffenberg and Olbricht they overpower the Fat
text: General who screams wildly to the amazement of the
text: gawking officers.
speaker_heading: FAT GENERAL
text: THE FÜHRER IS NOT DEAD. I'VE SWORN
dialog: AN OATH. YOU ALL HAVE...
text: When they have him under control, Stauffenberg turns
text: to the onlookers. He finds a familiar face in the
text: crowd. A face he can trust. He finds:
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Lt. Herber. Come here.
text: ANGLE ON: Lt. Herber. "Who, me?" He reluctantly steps
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
text: Lock him up with Fromm.
text: Herber hesitantly takes hold of the General, but the
text: act of taking a General into custody is a strange
text: one. Herber is clearly conflicted.
scene_heading: 142 EXT. REICHMINISTRY - DAY 142
text: Est. Remer arrives, followed by a wave of trucks.
text: Soldiers deploy, surrounding the building.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: 143 INT. REICHMINISTRY - GOEBBELS' OFFICE - DAY 143
text: Propaganda Minister Goebbels - the most ghoulish of
text: Hitler's Big Six. His spooky, deep-set eyes watch the
text: action on the street below. Already he can hear
text: troops coming down the hallway. He takes a pistol
text: from his desk drawer and leaves it within reach. Then
text: he picks up the phone and dials. After a beat.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: I am ready to be connected.
text: The sound of footsteps outside his door. It bursts
text: open. Remer enters, followed by ARMED SOLDIERS.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS (CONT'D)
dialog: What can I do for you, Major?
speaker_heading: REMER
dialog: Minister Goebbels, my battalion has
dialog: an order to blockade the government
dialog: quarter and place you under arrest.
text: Remer sees the pistol on Goebbels desk. But Goebbels
text: makes no attempt to grab for it. Instead:
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Are you a dedicated Nazi, Major?
text: Remer is caught off guard.
speaker_heading: REMER
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: With that Goebbels turns his attention to the phone
text: in his hand. We hear a faint voice: "Hello?"
text: With an eerie smile, Goebbels simply extends his arm,
text: offering the phone to a confused Remer. Silence as
text: the Major takes it, holding it to his ear...
speaker_heading: REMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: VOICE (ON PHONE)
dialog: Do you recognize my voice?
text: Remer is in awe, for a moment unable to speak. Then:
speaker_heading: REMER
dialog: Of course, Mein Führer.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: HITLER (ON PHONE)
dialog: Then listen to me very carefully...
scene_heading: 144 INT. CENTRAL COMMUNICATIONS - BERLIN - DAY 144
text: The communications staff busily connects calls and
text: transmits orders. Sgt. Helm gingerly approaches Lt.
text: Haans with two sheets of paper.
speaker_heading: HAANS
dialog: What is it now, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: HELM
dialog: It's just that now we're getting
dialog: conflicting orders, sir. The Wolf's
dialog: Lair says one thing, Stauffenberg
dialog: another.
text: Haans sighs, genuinely irritated now.
speaker_heading: HAANS
dialog: Our job is not to interpret the
dialog: orders. Our job is to pass them
dialog: along. Regardless.
speaker_heading: HELM
dialog: Yes, but sir-
speaker_heading: HAANS
dialog: Is that perfectly clear, Sergeant?
text: Haans thrusts the orders back at Helm who sheepishly
text: walks back to his pool of radio operators.
scene_heading: 145 EXT. REICHMINISTRY - DUSK 145
text: As day turns to night, the soldiers surrounding the
text: government quarters wait for further orders.
text: Major Remer comes out a new man - invigorated and
text: focused. He walks over to a truck loaded with RANKING
text: PRISONERS, turning to the soldiers guarding them.
speaker_heading: REMER
dialog: (re: prisoners)
dialog: Release these men at once.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: But these men are part of a coup.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: REMER
dialog: I've just been on the phone with
dialog: Hitler himself. We are the coup,
dialog: you idiot. We've been duped.
scene_heading: 146 INT. WAR MINISTRY - FROMM'S QUARTERS - NIGHT 146
text: Fromm is a prisoner in his own quarters - staring at
text: a portrait of Hitler with equal parts disdain and
text: reverence. The door suddenly opens.
text: Herber enters, leading the handcuffed Fat General.
text: Avoiding Fromm's gaze, he removes the restraints and
text: turns to leave. But the wily Fromm can see the look
text: in Herber's eyes.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Well, Lieutenant. What do you make
dialog: of all of this?
text: Herber freezes. Beat.
speaker_heading: HERBER
dialog: I... I don't know...
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: I won't ask you to make a choice.
dialog: That's for you and you alone. All I
dialog: ask is that you observe and think
dialog: for yourself. In time you'll see
dialog: things for what they truly are. You
dialog: know where to find me when you do.
text: Herber nods hesitantly, then turns to leave, but:
speaker_heading: FROMM (CONT'D)
dialog: Lieutenant.
dialog: (as Herber turns back)
dialog: Heil Hitler.
text: Herber raises his right arm, just managing:
speaker_heading: HERBER
dialog: Heil Hitler.
scene_heading: 147 INT. REICHMINISTRY - GOEBBELS' OFFICE - NIGHT 147
text: Goebbels' office is now the scene of great activity.
text: Soldiers rush in and out carrying orders. Goebbels is
text: on two phones at the same time.
dialog: 105.
text: Through the melee comes none other than Heinrich
text: Himmler - the bespectacled villain whose appearance
text: is unmatched in fiction. His arrival cannot be good.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Have you seen the Führer? Is he-
speaker_heading: HIMMLER
dialog: It seems the conference table
dialog: shielded him from the blast. He's
dialog: lucky to be alive.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Do you want to tell me what's going
dialog: on?
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Everything is under control. I've
dialog: taken charge of the Guard Battalion
dialog: and given them new orders. We're
dialog: turning the tables on these
dialog: cowards.
speaker_heading: HIMMLER
dialog: I've been sent here personally by
dialog: the Führer to collect the
text: conspirators. He insists they be
dialog: taken alive.
text: Goebbels and Himmler, two of the most evil men who
dialog: ever lived, smile coldly. Being taken alive by this
text: mob is obviously a fate worse than death.
text: Goebbels turns to a nearby AIDE.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Take this down. By order of Adolf
dialog: Hitler...
scene_heading: CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK...
scene_heading: 148 INT. CENTRAL COMMUNICATIONS - BERLIN - NIGHT 148
text: Once again the operators are frozen, looking at Lt.
text: Haans. He in turn looks at two orders in his hands.
text: He is deeply confused. Sgt. Helm is not.
speaker_heading: HELM
dialog: It's a coup all right... And when
dialog: it's over, we'd better wind up on
dialog: the right side. Now we can't afford
dialog: to remain neutral any longer. We
dialog: have to make a decision.
dialog: 106.
text: CLOSE ON: Haans. All eyes watch him weigh the
dialog: decision of his life, of many lives. Millions in
text: fact. Finally he relents, handing one paper to Helm.
speaker_heading: HAANS
dialog: Very well. Send all communications
dialog: from the Wolf's Lair. Stop all
text: communications from Stauffenberg.
text: The operators spring into action.
scene_heading: CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK...
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Today an attempt was made on the
dialog: Führer's life...
scene_heading: 149 INT. WAR MINISTRY - FROMM'S OFFICE - NIGHT 149
text: Stauffenberg works frantically in a room full of
dialog: officers - the energy here being the antithesis of
text: Goebbels' office - the morale quickly waning.
text: He ignores the radio, writing orders, making phone
dialog: calls, fighting to keep the coup alive. But we know
text: now his orders are hitting a dead end.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: ...The Führer himself suffered no
dialog: major injuries and resumed his work
dialog: immediately...
text: Stauffenberg turns off the radio, grabbing Haeften
text: just as he is coming in.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Send the following teleprint to all
dialog: Army Commanders... `Broadcast
dialog: communique not correct. The Führer
text: is dead. Orders to be carried out
dialog: with utmost dispatch.'
text: Haeften nods and leaves. Stauffenberg turns back to
text: his work, coming face to face with a deeply troubled
text: Beck. Stauffenberg whispers, frustrated...
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw the blast...
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: What the hell kind of coup is this?
dialog: 107.
text: All eyes turn to find Witzleben. Hours ago he was a
text: civilian, now he is a pompous, know-it-all General.
speaker_heading: WITZLEBEN
dialog: The military districts are
text: receiving contradictory reports.
dialog: I've got men sitting around joking
dialog: about whose turn it is to arrest
dialog: whom. Neither the capital nor the
dialog: radio network are under our
dialog: control. And where are the troops?
dialog: You'd think there would be some
dialog: activity going on in this city.
dialog: (to Stauffenberg)
text: The word is all over the street
dialog: that Hitler is still alive. We
dialog: trusted you and you failed us. You
dialog: should have stayed. To be sure.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT (O.S.)
dialog: And who would have led the men here
dialog: in Berlin? You?
text: Finding his balls, Olbricht confronts Witzleben.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT (CONT'D)
dialog: The Colonel did more than any man
dialog: could have hoped. If anyone is to
dialog: blame it's-
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: Field Marshal Witzleben is right. I
dialog: am the officer in charge. I am the
dialog: man responsible. No one else.
text: Olbricht is moved and rightly so. Meanwhile:
speaker_heading: WITZLEBEN
dialog: I'm going home to await my
dialog: inevitable arrest.
text: Witzleben turns, marching out. The room remains ill
text: at ease, everyone having just witnessed a serious
dialog: blow to the Resistance. Those anonymous soldiers
text: present exchange glances of concern.
speaker_heading: OLBRICHT
dialog: I'm sorry, Colonel.
text: After a beat, Olbricht turns and leaves.
text: CLOSE ON LIEUTENANT HERBER, tucked away in a corner
dialog: of the office.
dialog: 108.
text: He looks at Stauffenberg in a new light now,
text: something darker - no longer the admirer. He shares a
text: look with TWO OTHER OFFICERS. A wordless
text: understanding. He leaves and they follow.
scene_heading: 150 INT. WAR MINISTRY - HALLWAY - NIGHT 150
text: Herber and company march down the hallway in silence.
text: They stop for Herber to unlock the door to...
scene_heading: 151 INT. WAR MINISTRY - MUNITIONS STORAGE ROOM - NIGHT 151
text: The officers file in, making a beeline for a locker
text: in the corner of the room. Inside are all manner of
text: sub-machine guns, pistols, grenades...
speaker_heading: HERBER
dialog: Arm yourselves.
scene_heading: 152 EXT. WAR MINISTRY - NIGHT 152
text: Under Remer's direction the Deutschland Guard
text: Battalion quickly surrounds the War Ministry.
text: We see a figure moving behind the windows up above...
scene_heading: 153 INT. WAR MINISTRY - OLBRICHT'S OFFICE - NIGHT 153
text: Olbricht helplessly watches troops surround the
text: building below. It is only a matter of time now.
text: He sits at his desk. With a long trembling sigh, he
text: puts pen to paper and writes:
dialog: "My dearest wife..."
text: A commotion from the anteroom startles Olbricht and
text: he drops the pen. A loud, shrill scream follows.
text: The door bursts open to reveal Herber and his TWO
scene_heading: COHORTS. They are supported by A HALF DOZEN ARMED
text: SOLDIERS, all training their weapons on Olbricht.
text: In the anteroom behind the soldiers we see Fraulein
text: Oven quietly slipping out into the hallway.
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: 154 INT. WAR MINISTRY - FROMM'S OFFICE - NIGHT 154
text: Beck, Stauffenberg and Haeften are still making calls
dialog: and writing orders - doing all they can to keep the
text: coup alive. They are startled when Fraulein Oven
text: bursts in. It is written on her face.
scene_heading: 155 INT. WAR MINISTRY - HALLWAY - NIGHT 155
text: Stauffenberg and Haeften rush toward Olbricht's
text: office, stopping when they see a MASS OF SOLDIERS
text: surrounding the doorway. A chill runs down our spines
dialog: when we see Herber talking to none other than Major
text: Remer. Just then, he spots Stauffenberg and Haeften.
speaker_heading: REMER
dialog: YOU THERE.
text: Stauffenberg and Haeften turn and run.
speaker_heading: REMER (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: HALT.
text: BANG. A shot is fired. Stauffenberg and Haeften take
text: cover in a nearby doorway. Haeften returns fire.
text: Stauffenberg clamps his pistol under the stump of his
text: right arm, managing to cock it with the three fingers
text: of his left hand. Awkward. Then he aims and fires.
text: Stauffenberg takes a bullet in the shoulder of his
text: good arm. He drops his gun, bleeding badly.
text: But MORE SOLDIERS appear at the opposite end of the
text: corridor. The loyal Haeften covers Stauffenberg with
text: his body, aiming to fire. But Stauffenberg stops him,
text: shaking his head. It's over. They toss down their
text: guns. Boot-steps approach loudly O.S.
text: As Stauffenberg looks down at the cross and ring
text: around his neck:
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN
dialog: Thank you, Colonel.
text: Stauffenberg is genuinely confused. "For what?"
speaker_heading: HAEFTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Better I die for Germany than for
dialog: Hitler.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Colonel Stauffenberg.
text: Stauffenberg turns to find Remer standing there.
speaker_heading: REMER
dialog: You're under arrest.
scene_heading: 160 INT. WAR MINISTRY - FROMM'S OFFICE - LATER 160
text: Stauffenberg, Olbricht, Beck, Mertz and Haeften, the
text: last of the conspiracy, are held at gunpoint. A smug
text: Fromm enters, followed by Herber, the Fat General,
text: Remer and numerous GUN-TOTING OFFICERS.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: If you have any last messages,
dialog: you'd better write them now.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: My actions speak for me.
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: I'd rather my wife and children
dialog: remember our last time together.
text: The others bravely nod in agreement. But then:
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: I'd like a pistol, please.
text: Stauffenberg looks at Beck with surprise.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: For personal reasons.
text: Fromm thinks about it, then matter-of-factly hands
text: Beck a pistol. Remer quickly steps forward.
speaker_heading: REMER
dialog: General, my orders are to deliver
text: the prisoners alive.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Noted, Major.
dialog: (to Beck)
dialog: Get on with it then.
speaker_heading: REMER
dialog: But, sir-
speaker_heading: FROMM
text: THAT WILL BE ALL, MAJOR.
dialog: 111.
text: Fromm glares at Remer who angrily backs down. Then he
text: turns to Beck and with a casual wave of the hand:
speaker_heading: FROMM (CONT'D)
dialog: Continue.
text: The moment is surreal. Beck, seated at the desk,
text: looks at each of his fellow conspirators. A look of
text: thanks, goodbye. With a badly trembling hand he
text: places the gun to his temple.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: I'm thinking of earlier times...
text: CLOSE ON: The conspirators turn away, unable to
text: watch. Except Stauffenberg.
speaker_heading: BANG.
text: And as if none of the last minute has even occurred,
text: Fromm turns to the other conspirators.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Very well then... A court martial,
dialog: convened by me in the Führer's
dialog: absence, has pronounced sentence:
dialog: Colonel Mertz von Quernheim,
dialog: General Olbricht, Lieutenant
dialog: Haeften...
dialog: (glaring at Stauffenberg)
dialog: And the Colonel, whose name I will
dialog: not mention, are condemned to
dialog: death.
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Take them outside.
text: Remer is clearly upset by this. Herber, on the other
text: hand, seems clearer than ever. He nods to his men who
text: drag the conspirators out. Herber personally takes
text: Stauffenberg by the arm. The two men share a look.
dialog: Nothing needs to be said. Each has found his place.
text: Stauffenberg turns to confront Fromm. He is weak,
text: white from fatigue and loss of blood.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: The Führer will want to put us on
dialog: trial, make an example of us. This
dialog: won't win you any favor. And it
dialog: won't hide you're involvement.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Involvement. I don't know what you-
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: You knew and you did nothing.
dialog: You're just as guilty as we are.
dialog: Even more so.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Spare me, Stauffenberg.
text: And those words bring a genuine smile to
text: Stauffenberg's face. He almost pities Fromm now.
speaker_heading: STAUFFENBERG
dialog: No one will be spared.
text: And as Fromm motions for Herber to take Stauffenberg
text: away, we hear music, faintly at first - accompanied
text: by the subtle hiss and crackles of a phonograph... It
text: is the piece Stauffenberg and Nina were dancing to
dialog: one night long ago... Over this:
text: A voice. A man speaking in German - faint at first,
text: crackling over the radio.
speaker_heading: HITLER (V.O.)
dialog: My comrades. Once again - I don't
dialog: know how many times it has been now
dialog: - an attempt has been made on my
dialog: life.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BERLIN - VARIOUS - NIGHT
text: A series of images of the coup being reversed as the
text: Nazis take back power, made all the more poignant by
text: the lonely sound of the phonograph, the music slowly
text: rising, growing clearer and eventually becoming score
text: over the silent images of:
text: Conspirators being rounded up and arrested. Among
dialog: them are faces we recognize...
text: Goerdeler, dragged from a hotel bed by SS OFFICERS as
text: his informing INNKEEPER watches from the doorway.
scene_heading: TITLES: DR. CARL GOERDELER - TRIED, 7 SEPTEMBER
scene_heading: 1944. HANGED, 2 FEBRUARY 1945.
text: Witzleben is led in handcuffs from his home where he
text: has been awaiting his fate.
scene_heading: TITLES: ERWIN VON WITZLEBEN - TRIED, 8 AUGUST 1944.
scene_heading: HANGED, 8 AUGUST 1944.
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: 161 EXT. WAR MINISTRY - NIGHT 161
text: Military vehicles are hastily arranged in a semi-
text: circle - headlamps marking the scene in stark white
text: light and long black shadows.
text: Stauffenberg, Haeften, Olbricht and Mertz are marched
text: into the courtyard, squinting in the harsh light as
text: they are placed against the wall of the War Ministry.
speaker_heading: HITLER (V.O.)
dialog: I speak to you tonight for two
dialog: reasons. First, so that you can
dialog: hear my voice and know that I am
dialog: unhurt. And second, so that you may
dialog: know the details of a crime without
dialog: parallel in German history...
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BERLIN - VARIOUS - NIGHT
text: Fellgiebel is swarmed by SS in his office at the
text: Wolf's Lair and summarily beaten.
scene_heading: TITLES: GENERAL ERICH FELLGIEBEL - TRIED, 10 AUGUST
scene_heading: 1944. HANGED, 4 SEPTEMBER 1944.
text: Chief of Police Helldorf is caught by surprise as his
text: own men burst into his office, rifles raised.
scene_heading: TITLES: CHIEF OF POLICE WOLF-HEINRICH VON HELLDORF -
scene_heading: TRIED, 15 AUGUST 1944. HANGED, 15 AUGUST 1944.
scene_heading: EXT. WAR MINISTRY - NIGHT
text: TEN SOLDIERS of the Deutschland Guard Battalion
text: scramble to form a line opposite Stauffenberg and his
text: conspirators. We can clearly read Fromm's lips,
text: shouting: "MAKE READY..."
text: Stauffenberg and Haeften share a reassuring smile.
text: Remer watches bitterly from the shadows, focusing his
text: hatred not on the conspirators... but on Fromm.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BERLIN - VARIOUS - NIGHT
text: Berthold, Stauffenberg's brother, is taken from his
dialog: flat in Berlin.
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: TITLES: BERTHOLD VON STAUFFENBERG - TRIED, 10 AUGUST
scene_heading: 1944. HANGED, 10 AUGUST 1944.
scene_heading: EXT. WAR MINISTRY - NIGHT
text: Fromm smiles to himself, satisfied.
speaker_heading: HITLER (V.O.)
text: A small clique of ambitious,
dialog: dishonorable, stupid officers have
dialog: conspired to eliminate me. Except
dialog: for a few bruises and burns, I was
text: completely untouched.
text: Fromm raises his arm, his lips reading: "TAKE AIM..."
scene_heading: TITLES: GENERAL FRIEDRICH FROMM - TRIED, 7 MARCH
scene_heading: 1945. EXECUTED, 12 MARCH 1945.
text: Stauffenberg takes a breath and shouts defiantly, his
dialog: lips reading: "Long live sacred German-"
text: Fromm drops his hand. Ten rifles open fire.
text: CRANE UP and away as the music swells, as what is
text: left of Berlin comes into view, as the few lights
text: that remain suddenly go out as if a dark shadow were
text: passing over the land.
speaker_heading: HITLER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I see in this the hand of
dialog: Providence... directing me to
dialog: complete my work.
text: And the last strains of music resolve in a single,
text: sustained note as we CRANE UP FURTHER, looking at
text: last to the overcast darkness of the night sky. The
text: last note goes on as if it might play forever...
text: Until suddenly it dips and we realize we are no
text: longer hearing music at all, but the urgent wailing
text: of an air-raid siren - the warning of allied bombers
text: coming to deliver their nightly assault on Berlin.
dialog: Hitler's gift to Germany.
speaker_heading: 162 BLACK 162
dialog: 
