speaker_heading: ALFRED HITCHCOCK'S
speaker_heading: VERTIGO
dialog: screenplay by
dialog: Alec Coppel and Samuel Taylor
dialog: 
dialog: ho
dialog: 
scene_heading: ‘ i. EXT. SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS - (DUSK) - CLOSE SHOT
text: Ne i We see a close view of a roof parapet and the curved
text: NF! rail of a fire escape. In the b.g., are large sky-
text: acrapers with all their windows fully lit in the !
dialog: late winter afternoon, This background is used for
text: the CREDIT TITLES of the picture, After the last
text: card has FADED OUT, we HOLD on to the empty parapet,
text: when suddenly a man's hand reaches and grips the top
text: of the rail. It is-followed by another hand and,
text: after a beat, we see the face of a man in his early
text: } 30's, He is an Italian type, with rough features.
text: i , He turns quickly and looks below him and then turn-
text: : ing back, springs up over the empty parapet and is
text: lost from view, We STAY on the EMPTY SCENE for a
text: second or two as we HEAR the scraping of boots on
text: the iron ladder, Someone else is coming up. Pre-~
text: sently, two more hands and the head of a uniformed
text: policeman with cap and badge starts to climb over
text: the parapet. The CAMERA PULLS BACK so that by the
text: time he has completed his climb, he is in full
text: figure. He dashes out of the picture drawing his
text: gun, Immediately following him over the parapet, a
text: detective in plain clothes climbs over, This is
text: ’ JOHN FERGUSON, known as SCOTTIE, He too pulls a gun
text: and dashes out of the picture.
scene_heading: 2. EXT. SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS ~ (DUSK) - LONG SHOT
text: A vast panorama of the San Francisco skyline.
text: Nearer to us are three tiny figures running and
text: Jumping over the roof tops. The man on the run, whom
text: we first saw climb over the parapet, is dressed in a
text: white shirt and light tan linen slacks, and wearing
text: sneakers, The uniformed man is shooting at him.
text: Scottie is dressed in medium gray clothes. The
text: CAMERA SLOWLY PANS the group across the roof tops.
scene_heading: 3. EXT. SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS - (DUSK) - MED. SHOT
text: We now see a short gap between rooftops, with a drop
text: below, The pursued man makes the leap successfully
text: Tollowed by the uniformed:policeman, Scottie makes
text: the same leap, but almost trips in taking off and is
text: thrown off balance, He tries to recover, lands
text: awkwardly on the opposite roof, and falls forward,
text: prone, with a heavy impact that burts and drives the
text: i breath from his. body, He tries to rise but raises
dialog: 9-12-57 ’ (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: | a ae
dialog: ( 5 ph
dialog: ‘
dialog: '
dialog: }
dialog: t
dialog: i
dialog: |
dialog: \
dialog: i
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: {
dialog: i
dialog: :
dialog: !
dialog: 9.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Sei
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 2.
dialog: 3. (Cont'a)
text: his head with a look of pain ~ one leg is doubled
text: up under the other. The tiles give way, and he
text: slides backwards, and his legs go over the edge of
text: the roof, then his body. In his daze he grasps at
text: the loose tiles, and as he goes over the edge he
text: clutches on to the gutter, which gives way, and he
text: swings off into space, looking down.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS - (DUSK) - CLOSE SHOT
dialog: Scottie looking down, , "
scene_heading: EXT, SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS - (DUSK) + LONG SHOT
text: From Scottie's viewpoint, the gap beneath the building
text: -and the ground below. It seems to treble its depth.
scene_heading: ‘EXT. SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS - (DUSK) - CLOS EUP
text: Scottie looking down with horror, His eyes close as
text: @ wave of nausea overcomes him.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS - (DUSK) + MEDIUM SHOT
text: In the distance the fleeing criminal, The policeman,
text: seeing what has happened to Scottie, returns to the
text: slope of the roof and strains to reach down to
dialog: Scottie.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN ~
dialog: Give me your hand!
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS - (DUSK) - CLOSE UP
text: SCOTTIE'S HEAD. His hands grip the edge of the
text: guttering. The tips of the fingers of policeman
text: straining to reach Scottie, are at the top of screen.
text: ‘Scottie begins to open his grip but stares down, he
text: quickly resumes his grip looking up hopelessly towards
text: the helping hand. He looks down again.
text: FROM SCOTTIE'S VIEWPOINT ~- the hada below still a
dialog: long way away. .
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS — (DUSK) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The policeman's hand in foreground, his face beyond.
dialog: (Cont inued)
dialog: 
scene_heading: rere memento ep en tere UNA iG APM PY RTBU
dialog: ad
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Vert ie
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 3.
speaker_heading: 210. (Cont'd)
dialog: 13.
dialog: 3s.
dialog: 16,
speaker_heading: 9/12/57
speaker_heading: POLI CMAN
dialog: What's the matter with you?
dialog: Give me your hand!
text: Policeman endeavors to stretch out his hand further.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS - (DUSK)
dialog: eee
text: The tiles beneath the policeman's heel begin to
text: give. The Policeman starts to slide.’ He claws
text: desperately at the surface of the roof. —
scene_heading: EXT, SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS - (DUSK) - CLOSEUP
dialog: ee
text: Scottie, his eyes closed. He opens them as he hears
text: a wild cry. :
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS ~ (DUSK) - LONG SHOT
text: The “policeman falling through space. ‘
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS + (DUSK). - CLOSEUP
dialog: 
text: Scottie stares down in horror.
scene_heading: _ EXT. SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS - (DUSK) - LONG SHOT
dialog: 
text: The body of the policeman sprawled on the ground
text: pelow. People are running into the alleyway; they
text: stare at the body, look up to where Scottie is hang-
text: Ing. .We see the light on their upturned faces. And
text: now we hedr a police whistle blown shrilly, again
dialog: and again. . vo
text: Up to this moment the background music has had an.
text: excitement to match the scene, and now it cuts off
text: abruptly, leaving only the echo of the police whistle
text: as the DISSOLVE begins. Then, in the DISSOLVE, we
text: hear the gentle insistence of Scarlatti played by
text: a chamber orchestra.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To: ~
scene_heading: INT, AN APARTMENT ON RUSSIAN HILL - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: It is°fresh, light, and simple, and crowded with
dialog: books, phonograph records, pictures. The most
text: striking feature of the apartment 1s the view:
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: aw
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD he
dialog: 16. (Cont'd)
dialog: 9-12-57
text: the rising hills of San Francisco framed by a large
text: picture window. To. one side of the window is the
text: owner of the apartment, MAJORIE WOOD, called MIDGE,
text: at a commercial drawing table concentrating with
text: professional intensity on a. drawing of a slim,
dialog: elongated woman with few features and fewer
text: clothes. brassiere sits on a table at Midge's
text: elbow, and she studies it as she draws. Midge Wood
text: 4s about thirty-seven, attractive, straightforward,
text: well-but-simply-dressed; she wears glasses but does.
text: not whip them on and off as they do in the movies.
text: The music comes from a gramophone. The other oc-
text: eupant of the room is Scottie. He sits in a big
text: chair, with his feet stretched out on an ottoman
text: and his head far back. There is a drink on a table
text: nearby. He rouses himself to reach for it, and in
text: doing so Imocks over his walking stick that has
text: been propped against the chair. He reaches out to
text: catch it, and in the quickness of trying to keep it
text: from falling, he wrenches his body around.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Owl!
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: (Paying little attention)
dialog: I thought you said no more aches
dialog: and pains?
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: It's this darned corset. It binds.
text: He retrieves the stick.
dialog: No’ threé-way stretch? How very
dialog: un-chic. .
dialog: - """. gcormmqIge -° -
dialog: Well, you kmow those police de-
dialog: partment doctors: no sense of
dialog: style: co )
dialog: * (Sighs tefull
dialog: Ah, tomos " . 7
dialog: . . . “rps
dialog: What's tomorrow?
dialog: " scorrre
text: Tomorrow... the corset comes off.
dialog: And this thing goes out the window.
dialog: (He waves the stick)
dialog: I shall bé a free man. I shall wiggle
dialog: my behind... free and unconfined.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: o
dialog: >
dialog: a
speaker_heading: WwW
dialog: wu
dialog: ry
dialog: 16.
dialog: 9-12-57
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 5.
dialog: (Cont'd)
dialog: 
text: He raises. his eyebrows with a surprised and gratified
text: smile. Midge looks over at him with a grimace.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Midge, do you suppose many men
dialog: wear corsets? -
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: More than you think.
speaker_heading: ScoTTis
dialog: (Interested)
dialog: How do you know? Personal
dialog: experience?
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Please!
dialog: (Then, impersonally)
dialog: And what happens after tomorrow?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: What do you mean?
text: . MIDGE .
dialog: What are you going to do? Now
dialog: that you've quit the police force?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: . (Gently)
dialog: . You sound so disapproving, Midge.
dialog: . MIDGE : .
dialog: No, it's your life, But you were
dialog: the bright young lawyer who de-
dialog: cided he was going to be chief of
dialog: police some day. .
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: : (Gently)
dialog: I had to quit, Midge.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Way?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: I wake up at night seeing him fall
dialog: from the roof....,and try to reach
dialog: out for him,
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: It wasn't your fault.
speaker_heading: ScoTTis
dialog: Iimow. Everybody telis me.
dialog: (Continued )
dialog: 
dialog: rw FROM AMONG THE DEAD 6
speaker_heading: 16. (Cont*a)
speaker_heading: . MIDGE
dialog: Jonnay, the doctors explained---
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: wv Tt know. I have Acrophobia. What a
dialog: ~w" @dsease, A fear of heights. And
dialog: what a moment to find out I had it.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Well, you've got it. And there's no
dialog: losing it. And there's no one to
dialog: blame. So why quit? -
speaker_heading: SCOTIIE
dialog: And sit behind a desk? Ghairborne?
speaker_heading: . MIDGE
dialog: It's where. you belong.
speaker_heading: . SCOT TIE
dialog: (With a grin}.
dialog: Not with my Acrophobia, Midge. If
text: I dropped a pencil on the floor and
text: bent down to pick it up, it could be
dialog: disastrous!
speaker_heading: _ MIDGE
dialog: (Laughs )
dialog: Ah, Johnny-0....06
text: She considers him for a moment, then goes back to her
text: work. By now he is up and wandering about with the
dialog: help of the stick,
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: (Finally, as she works)
dialog: Well?....what'll you do?
speaker_heading: scoTTizE
dialog: Nothing for a while. You forget,
dialog: I'm a man. of independent means.
dialog: Or fairly independent.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: r don't you go away for a
dialog: wntie?
speaker_heading: scoTTrEe
dialog: (Grins)
dialog: To forget? Don't be so motherly,
dialog: Midge. I'm not going to crack up.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Have you had any dizzy spells thia
dialog: . week?
dialog: beS7 : (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: mw FROM AMONG THE DEAD Te
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CO 16.. (Cont'd)
dialog: (
speaker_heading: ~ oO SCOTTIE
dialog: : 5 I'm having one now.
dialog: |
dialog: {
dialog: |
dialog: }
text: She looks up sharply with quick apprehension.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: From that music.
speaker_heading: > . , MIDGE
dialog: . : Oh!
text: She goes and turns off the gramophone. Scottie has
text: wandered over to the drawing table.
speaker_heading: ‘oO
dialog: u
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: What's this do-hickey here?
text: He turns the brassiere over with his stick.
dialog: . MIDGE |
dialog: oO. It's a brassiere, You know about |
dialog: : these things. You're a big boy, j
dialog: now. - |
speaker_heading: _ SCOTTIE : I
dialog: | a . I've never run across one like
dialog: oD that. |
dialog: Le . i
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: It's brand new. Revolutionary
dialog: uplift, No shoulder straps, no
dialog: back straps, but does everything
dialog: a? . a brassiere should do. It works
dialog: " on the principle of the cantilever
dialog: bridge. °
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: . oo, (Impressed)
dialog: ae) Uhehuh!
dialog: & :
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: An aircraft engineer down the
dialog: peninsula designed it. He warked
text: it out in his spare time.
speaker_heading: ScoTTigE - .
dialog: What a pleasant hobby.
text: He wanders back to the chair and watches her work for
text: a long moment. Then:
speaker_heading: 6 vo ScoTTIz
dialog: - How's your love life, Midge?
dialog: Qual 2-57 ' (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: of
dialog: 
dialog: j 9u12=57,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (cont taj
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: “FROM AMONG THE DEAD 8
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: That's following a train of
dialog: thought. , .
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Well? :
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Normal.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Aren't you ever going to get
dialog: married? .
speaker_heading: " -MIDGE
dialog: (Lightly)
dialog: You kmow there's only cme man
dialog: _ dm the world for me, Jchnny-0.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE :
dialog: Yeah, I'm a brute. We were
dialog: engaged.once though, weren't
dialog: we? .
speaker_heading: . MIDGE
dialog: Three whole weeks.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Ah, sweet college days. But
dialog: youtre the one who blew it. I'm
dialog: Still available. Avaiiable -
dialog: Ferguson. Say, Midge, do you
dialog: remember a guy at college named
dialog: Gavin Elster?
dialog: Gevin? Gavin El Yout
dialog: a & ster? ou.
dialog: think I would, No. - :
speaker_heading: - SCOTTIE “y
dialog: I got a call from him today.
dialog: Funny. He dropped out of sight
dialog: during the war, end I'd heard he'd
dialog: gone Bast. I guess he's back.
dialog: , (He fishes out. -
dialog: a slip of peper)
dialog: It's a Mission number.
speaker_heading: ° wInGE
dialog: That's Skid Row, isn't it?
dialog: ot scorrre =
dialog: Could be. :
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ws
dialog: 
dialog: 16.
dialog: 9-12-57
dialog: 
dialog: (Cont'd)
dialog: 
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD %
dialog: SS
dialog: |
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: He's probably on the bum and |
dialog: wants to touch you for the price
dialog: of a drink. |
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Well, Itm on the bum; I'll buy
text: him a couple of drinks and tell
dialog: him my troubles. But not tonight.
dialog: If you won't drink with me, I! |
dialog: drink alone, tonight. . )
dialog: (He rises to go)
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Midge, what did you mean, there's
dialog: no losing it?
speaker_heading: MIDGE
speaker_heading: - MIDGE
dialog: Sorry, old man. Work. .
dialog: |
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: ScOTTIE
dialog: My...... the acrophobia.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: I asked my doctor, He said only
dialog: another emotional shock could do
dialog: 4t, and probably wouldn't. And
dialog: you're not going to go diving off
text: smother rooftop to find out.
speaker_heading: ScorTre
dialog: I think I can lick it.
speaker_heading: wIDGE
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: , SCOTTIE
dialog: ‘Itve got a theory, Look. If I
dialog: cen get used to heights just a
dialog: little at a time.... progressively,
dialog: see?
text: He has been looking about eagerly, sees a low footstool,
text: drags it to the center of the room as he speaks.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE (Contiming)
dialog: Here, I'll show you what I mean.
dialog: Wetil start with this.
dialog: Thati?7s
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: am FROM AMONG THE DEAD 10.
dialog: 16. (Contd) :
dialog: What do you want me to start
dialog: with - the Golden Gate Bridge?
text: He has stepped up. on the footstool. and stands there
text: proudly looking up and down. .
scene_heading: Oo . SCOTTIE
text: Now. I look up, IT look down.
dialog: I look up, I look down. See?
dialog: Nothing to it. . |
dialog: |
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: 
dialog: eran
dialog: : verlapp
dialog: S32 Stop kidding, Walt a minute.
text: She dashes to the. kitchen, returns quickly with a
text: small aluminum household ladder.
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: D2 4b, that's my girl! Here?
dialog: 
text: He steps on the “first step. :
speaker_heading: C apeR
dialog: ~ Step mmber two.
speaker_heading: - scorrTrs
dialog: oxay. oy
text: ‘He gets up om the second step and goes through the.
dialog: routine.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
text: I look up, I look down. - I look
dialog: up, I look down. I'm going to fe
dialog: right out and buy me a nice, tall
dialog: stepladder. Here. we Zoe
text: & : He gets on the top step.
speaker_heading: . MIDGE
dialog: Basy, now.
speaker_heading: 2° _ SCOTTIE
dialog: > This is a cinch. I look up,
dialog: I lock down. I lock up-- ;
text: And at this moment. he makes the mistake of tuming and
text: looking out through the picture window,
scene_heading: o . 17. FROM SCOTTIE'S VIEWPOINT -
text: Cu We see the depth down to the street below the window.
text: The whole picture begins to weave.
speaker_heading: ‘nL 2057
dialog: 
dialog: xy : Me
dialog: )
dialog: ) Cy 18..
dialog: lo
dialog: > .
dialog: : "19.
dialog: lo,
dialog: ' 20.
dialog: '
speaker_heading: ‘O 3
dialog: Co .
dialog: Cc:
speaker_heading: C
dialog: ow
dialog: 2.
dialog: «ee
dialog: 2 22.
dialog: ry ~ C
dialog: C \
dialog: ~ 9n12-57
dialog: . Eighties.
dialog: 
scene_heading: FROM AMONG THE'DE!D . 00. 0-1 he
scene_heading: INT. MIDGE'S APARTMENT - (LATS AFTERNOON) .- CLOSEUP )
dialog: ef Scottie - expression of nausea. . )
scene_heading: FROM SCOTITE'S VIEVEOINT - LONG SHOT |
text: The weaving view changes to the original scenes whers
text: the ground receded in a rush and the body of the |
dialog: policeman fall into space, 1
dialog: '
dialog: }
dialog: '
scene_heading: , Hts MIDGE'S APARTMENT - (LATE AFTERNOON ~ MEDIUM
dialog: SHOT. : 5 an
text: Scottie's face distorted with agony - his eyes close 1
text: @nd He begins to slump. CAMSRA PULLS BACK SLIGHTLY
text: as “Midge now comes into shot, putting up her hands
text: to him to hold him, and his weight is. on her and
text: his head: is slumped, and the joke is over, .
dialog: Johnny } . .
dialog: oo “+ -gconrre .
dialog: {Muttering,.bis face
dialog: “ ight, bis eyes shut)
dialog: Oh, dam it! Dam it, damn it --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE: oo -
scene_heading: _ BET, A SHIPYARD = (DAY) -- LONG SHOT
text: Boats up on ways, men swarming over, cranes moving.
text: At the gate, Scottie has paused to speak to the
text: gateman, The gateman indicates a building in the
text: distance, .Scottie nods, goes past him, starts
text: .acrass the. shipyard toward the building,
speaker_heading: ‘DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT, GAVIN ELSTER'S OFFICE - (DAY)
text: A well-appointed office with a large window looking
text: out upon a busy shipyard. There are a couple of
text: models of modern freighters.in glass casas, but more
text: important, on the walls are many framed prints and
dialog: posters and maps relating to early California history;
dialog: some from the Mexican days, many from the Gold Rush
dialog: days, many of San Francisco in the Seventies and
text: Behind the desk sits Gavin Elster, a man
text: about Scottie's age, huskily built, slightly balding,
text: with cool, watchful eyes. Ee is beautifully tailored,
dialog: and gives. the sense of a man who relishes money and
text: knows how to use it, He sits quietly watching Scottie,
text: who stands staring out. the window at the activity of
dialog: the shipyard, After a long =oment:
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: u
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 12.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: ScOTTIE .
dialog: How'd ‘you get into the ship.
dialog: pbuilding business, Gavin?
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: I married into it.
text: Scottie shoots him a small surprised smile of approval
text: at his franimess, then looks out the window again.
speaker_heading: ScoTTrs
dialog: Interesting business.
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: No, to be honest, I find it dull.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: You don't have to do it for a
dialog: living. -
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: No. But one assumes obligations.
dialog: My wife's family is all gone;
dialog: someone-has to look after her in~
text: terests, Her father's partner runs
dialog: the company yard in the East --
dialog: Baltimore - so I decided as long
dialog: as I had to work at it, I'd come
dialog: back here, I've always liked it here.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: How long have you been back?
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: Almost a year.
speaker_heading: : SCOTTIE
dialog: And you like it.
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: San Francisco's changed. The
dialog: things that spell San Francisco
dialog: to.me are disappearing fast.
text: Scottie smiles at the old prints on the wall.
speaker_heading: ScoTTie
dialog: Like all this.
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: (Nodding)
dialog: I'd like to have lived here then.
dialog: The color and excitement...the
dialog: power...the freedom,
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: getand7
dialog: 
dialog: !
dialog: so
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD = 13.
speaker_heading: (Cont td)
text: Though he does not stress the word, the way he lingers
text: softly on the word "Freedom" makes Scottie look over
text: ohay again. Elster looks. up and smiles companione
text: ably.
speaker_heading: ELSTER -
dialog: Shouldntt you be sitting down?
dialog: . ~ * Scottie
dialog: No, Itm all right,
dialog: Iwas sorry to read about that
dialog: thing in the papers,
dialog: "(No answer
dialog: And you've quit the force.
dialog: (Scottie nods)
dialog: A permanent physical disability?
dialog: - Scottie
dialog: No, Acrophobia.isn't a crippling .
dialog: thing. It just means I can't climb
dialog: steep stairs or go to high places,<-
dialog: zie the bar at the Top-of-the-Mark.
speaker_heading: UC
dialog: . (Shrugs ana smiles)
dialog: we~-there are plenty of street-level
dialog: bars in this town.
text: Elster considers the top of his desk for a moment,
text: then looks up.
dialog: Would you like a drink now?
speaker_heading: . “+ SCOTTIE
dialog: No... no, thanks, A bit early
dialog: in the day for spirits, .
dialog: (Pause )
dialog: Well, .I guess that about covers
dialog: everything, doesn't 1t7 I never
dialog: married; I don't see much of the
dialog: Fold college gang"; I'm a retired
dialog: detective - and you're in the shipe
dialog: building business, -
dialog: (Pause )
dialog: What's on your mind, Gavin?
text: A’ moment, “then Elster rises from the desk casually,
text: wanders across the room, looks out the window, gets
text: out a handkerchief and blows his nose prosaically,
text: finally turns and regards Seottie coolly and directly
dialog: for a long moment...
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: we
dialog: 
dialog: 2
dialog: 
dialog: ‘
dialog: £
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ‘9012u57
dialog: ” FROM AMONG THE DEAD Uy.
dialog: (Conta)
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: I asked you to come up here, Scottie,
dialog: -larowing that you had quit detective
dialog: work, but I wondered whether you would
dialog: go back on the job = as a special
dialog: favor to me.
text: Scottie looks at him questioningly.
speaker_heading: BLSTER :
dialog: I want you to follow my wife.
text: Scottie does not change expression, and yet one can
text: sense the feeling of anti-climax within him, and the
text: almost imperceptible small cynical smile deep behind
text: ‘his eyes.
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: Not what you think. We're very
dialog: happily married. - :
dialog: 7 Scorrig
dialog: Then?
dialog: Ce > grgrER |
dialog: Im afraid some harm may come
dialog: ., to her,
speaker_heading: 7 SCOTTIE
dialog: From whom? Lee
speaker_heading: : " RESTER
dialog: Someone dead.
text: “Seottie waits.
speaker_heading: ~ ELSTER .
dialog: Scottie » do you believe that Someone
dialog: out of the past, someone dead, can
dialog: enter and take possession of a living
dialog: being?
dialog: - "scorns
dialog: No. .
dialog: “If I told you I believe that has
dialog: bappened to my.wife, what would
dialog: you say? :
dialog: scorris
dialog: I'd sey you'd better take her to the
dialog: nearest psychiatrist, psychologist,
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 22.
dialog: >
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: a g-t2-57
dialog: 
dialog: “7 Where'd she go?
dialog: 
text: . FROM AMONG THE DEAD 15.
speaker_heading: (Cont td)
speaker_heading: 7 SCOTTIE (Cont!)
dialog: nevrologist, psychoanalyst, or plein
dialog: family doctor, And have him check
dialog: you both.
speaker_heading: ELSTER |
dialog: (Defeated)
dialog: Then you're of.no use to me. I'm
dialog: sorry I wasted your time, Thank
dialog: you for coming.in, Scottie.
text: Scottie rises to go, awkwardly, puzzled, a bit
dialog: apologetic,
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: I didn't mean to be that rough,
speaker_heading: ~ ° ‘ELSTER
dialog: No, it sounds idiotic, I imow, |
dialog: And you're still the hard-headed i
dialog: Scot, aren't you? Always were. i
dialog: Do you think I'm making it up?
speaker_heading: ScoTTia :
dialog: No. i
speaker_heading: ELSTER . /
dialog: Itm not making it up. I wouldn't '
dialog: mow how. Shetll be talking to-me
dialog: about something, nothing at all, « |
text: and suddenly the words fade into
text: silence and a cloud comes into her
text: eyes and they go blank.... and she is
dialog: somewhere else, away from m6... some=
dialog: one I don't mow. I call to her and
text: she doesn't hear, And then with a
text: long sigh.she is back, and looks at
text: me brightly, and doesn't know she's
dialog: been away.... can't tell me where...
speaker_heading: or WhY.ee -
speaker_heading: - ScoTftrE
dialog: How often does. this happen?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . ELSTER
dialog: . More and more in the past few
dialog: weeks, And she wanders, God
dialog: knows where she wanders, I
dialog: followed her one day.
dialog: Scottie
dialog: (Continued)
speaker_heading: O 22. (Cont'd)
dialog: 
dialog: 2
dialog: Co 9-12-57
dialog: wv
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: " Well?
dialog: 
text: Elster almost. ignores the question as he looks back
dialog: x to the day.
speaker_heading: ELSTER
text: Watched her come out of the
dialog: apartment, someone I didn't
dialog: know...walking in a different
dialog: way...holding her head in a
dialog: way I didn't know; and get into
text: her car, and drive out to...
dialog: (He smiles grimly)
text: Golden Gate Park. Five miles.
text: She sat on a bench at the edge
text: of the lake and stared across the
dialog: water to the old pillars that stand
text: on the far shore, the Portals of the
dialog: Past. Sat there a long time, not
dialog: moving...and I had to leave, to
dialog: get to'the office. That evening,
dialog: when I came home, I asked what she'd
dialog: done all day. She said she'd driven
dialog: to. Golden Gate Park and sat.by the
dialog: lake. That's all.
speaker_heading: SCOPTIE
speaker_heading: ELSTER
text: The speedometer of her car showed
dialog: she had driven 9 miles that day.
dialog: Where did she go?
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: T have to know, Scottie. Where
text: she goes and what she does, before
dialog: -I get involved with doctors.
speaker_heading: , - SCOTTIE
dialog: Have you talked to the doctors at
speaker_heading: - ELSTER
dialog: Yes, but carefully. I'd want to
dialog: ‘mow more before committing her
dialog: to that kind of care.
dialog: {anztous1y)
dialog: Scottie --
speaker_heading: ” SCOTTIE
dialog: (Quickly)
dialog: I can get you.a firm of private eyes
dialog: to follow her for you. They're
dialog: dependable, good boys -- :
dialog: (Continued)
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 16.
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: _ : 22.
dialog: 4a
speaker_heading: QO
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: G
dialog: ~ qe12-57
dialog: ~
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EROM AMONG THE DEAD 17.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: (Breaking in)
dialog: I want you.
speaker_heading: SCOfTIE
dialog: It's not my line.
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: Scottie, I need a friend! Someone
dialog: I'can trust! I'm in a panic about
dialog: _., shist : :
dialog: Long pause.
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: How can I see her, to imow her?
speaker_heading: - BLSTER
dialog: We're going to an opening’ at the.
dialog: Gpera tonight. “We'll dinevat Emida's
dialog: first.': Which is easier?
speaker_heading: . SCOfTIE
dialog: Ernie's.
dialog: All right.
dialog: ~~ (Pause)
dialog: You won't lmow what to ‘look for at
dialog: first, Scottie. Even I, who know
dialog: her so well, cannot tell, sometimes,
text: when the change has begun. She looks
dialog: so lovely and normal...
text: The last part of this speech carries through the
dialog: Dissolve.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ERNIE'S RESTAURANT - (NIGHT)
text: We are in the upstairs room that, in mood and decor,
dialog: takes us back to Bonanza Days. This is the way San
text: Francisco was. Scottie is at the bar, turned a little
text: so that he faces into the dining room, and as. he
text: drinks his eyes search the room slowly, carefully.
text: The CAMERA SEARCHES with him, passing over the many
text: well-dressed women, until it comes to rest on a table
text: - for two against the far wall. Gavin Elster is seated
text: there, dining with his wife. Scottie cannot get a
text: ‘elear look at her. She is turned slightly away from
text: him, and when she does turn her head in his direction
text: there always seems to be a waiter passing to block
text: the view. And during all of this we hear Elster's
text: voice, continuing from the previous scene.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: vw
dialog: 5
dialog: 236
dialog: 3 9«12=57
text: FROM AMONG TEE DEAD 18. '
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: ELSTER'S VOICE (Continuing) i
dialog: But I realize now that the deep i
dialog: change began on the first day I :
dialog: brought her to San Francisco, You
dialog: kmow what San Francisco does to
dialog: people who have never seen it before. i
dialog: All of it happened to Madeleine, but |
dialog: with such an intensity as to be : i
dialog: almost frightening. She was like
dialog: a child come home, Everything
dialog: about the city excited her: she had
dialog: to walk all the hills, explore the
dialog: edge of the ocean, see all the old
text: houses and wander the old streets;
dialog: and when she came upon something
dialog: unchanged, something that was as it
dialog: had been, her delight was so strong
dialog: so fiercely possessive} These things
dialog: were hers, And yet she had never
dialog: been here before, She had been born
dialog: and raised in the East, I liked: it
dialog: ‘at first, of course, I love this :
dialog: place; I wanted my bride to love it.
dialog: But then it began to make me uneasy.
dialog: Her delight wastoo strong; her excite-
dialog: ment was too intense, it. never faded;
text: her laugh was too loud, her eyes
text: sparkled too brightly; there was some-
dialog: thing feverish about the way she
text: embraced the city. She possessed it.
dialog: And then one day she changed again...
text: and a great sigh settled on her, and
text: the cloud came into her eyes....
text: Now Gavin Elster has signed the check, and he and
text: bis wife rise and start for the door, Scottie still
text: cannot get an unobstructed view of her face, but
text: we can see in flashes that she is young, in her
text: twenties, with a mobile, attractive face and gentle
text: eyes that have warmth and intelligence and humor.
text: Scottie is intent on her, At the doorway to. the bar,
text: only two feet from him, she stops end waits as her
text: hueband peuses behind her to speak to the headwaiter
text: and him and tip him. She looks about calmly,
text: with sure, distant repose, Her eyes come to rest on
text: Scottie for a moment, then move on with the small
dialog: smile.
text: During all of the above, Elster's voice has gone on,
text: without pause, and his narration ends as the girl,
text: Madeleine, comes to a stop near Scottie and waits.
dialog: (Continued)
text: - im FROM AMONG THE DEAD 19.
speaker_heading: OQ 236 (Cont'd)
dialog: 
dialog: 3 I don't kmow what happened that
dialog: day: where she went, what she saw,
dialog: ) what she did, But on that day,
dialog: the search was ended, She had found
dialog: what she was looking for, she had
dialog: come home, And something in the
dialog: © city possessed her,
text: As Scottie stares at her, their eyes meet for a
text: moment, and he turns to reach for his drink,
text: When he turns back, she is gone. He looks abcut,
text: slightly startled, then catches a glinmse of her
text: oO as:she "turns the “sorner of the upstairs lobby. “His
text: 2 : ayes grow. thoughtful, and glow with the memory of her
dialog: ‘ace.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO: .
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: {
speaker_heading: ELSTER'S VOICE (Cont'd)
scene_heading: 2h. EXT, BROCKLEBANK APARTMENTS - (DAY) + SEMI-CLCSEUP
text: Scottie, seated in his car, a light gray sedan, is
text: | peading the morning paper. The car radio is going
dialog: and we hear conventional disc jockey music. Ee
text: Glances out through his windshield,
scene_heading: 25. EXD, BROGRIMBANK APTS. ~ (DAY) - LONG SHOT FROM HTS POV.
text: We see a large block of apartments with a stone pillared
text: entrance and a small car parked inside, Beyond it.is
text: the door into the apartment building itself, There is
text: no activity, but for one businessman who emerges on foot
text: and makes his way out.
dialog: ik
dialog: ao
scene_heading: 26, INT. AUTOMOBILE ~ (DAY) - CLOSEUP SCOTTIE
text: _ 2 He resumes his reading but does not concentrate, His
dialog: ch : eyes. go back to the apartment house,
scene_heading: 27. . EXT. BROCKLEBANE APTS. - (DAY) . SEMI-LONG SECT
text: > A ‘slightly nearer view but still outside the stone
text: © entrance of the apartment. house, we see the main
dialog: ~ entrance beyond, For some time, there 1s no estivity
dialog: at all ~ perhaps for a quarter of a minute or so,
text: Suddenly, we see Gavin's wife, MADELEINE, appear.
text: She is dressed in a smart light gray tailored suit.
text: She stands for a moment looking about her,
dialog: 9-12-57
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Ww
dialog: vw
speaker_heading: G
dialog: SS
dialog: 
dialog: 28,
dialog: 30.
dialog: 31.
dialog: 32.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: 356
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 206
scene_heading: INT. AUTOMOBILE - (DAY) - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Scottie thrusts the paper aside and turns off the
text: radio, He starts his car. .
scene_heading: EXT. BROCKLEBANK APTS. - (DAY) - SEMI-LONG SHOT -
scene_heading: “FRCH EIS VIEWPOIN? =~
text: We see Madeleine crossing the small courtyard to a
text: pale green Jaguar. She stands for a moment, opens
text: her handbag and takes out her car keys. She gets in
dialog: the car,
scene_heading: EXT, BROCKLEBANK APTS. - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Scottie begins to turn his car away gently from th
dialog: curbstone. :
scene_heading: EXT, BROCKLEBANK APTS. - (DAY) = SEMI-LONG SHOT -
scene_heading: FROM HIS VIEWPOINT
text: Madeleine's car pulls out end turns down the side street.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: “We ‘see him pull away, looking intently ahead,
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, SAN FRANCESCO - (DAY) - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Through the windshield over the hood of his car, we
text: see the pale green Jaguar moving ahead of him, but the
text: speed is quite casual and not too fast.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - (DAY) - SEMI-CLOSEUP
dialog: Scottie watching ahe ad,
scene_heading: EXD. STREET, SAN FRANCISCO = (DAY) - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: . Through the windshield we see the green Jaguar turn
dialog: 36.
dialog: 9-12-57
text: the corner and go down another street.
scene_heading: INT, SCOTTIE'S CAR - (DAY) = SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Scottie taking the same corner as we see him turn the
dialog: wheel,
scene_heading: “LAP DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 376
dialog: 38.
dialog: 39
dialog: ho.
dialog: 43.
dialog: 9-12-57
dialog: 
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD a.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - (DAY) - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Scottie anxiously looking ahead, fearing he might
dialog: miss her,
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, SAN FRANCISCO - (DAY) - SEMI-LONG
text: The green car slows up and begins to make a left-
text: hand turn (or righthand), The two cars in front of
text: Scottie's are able to pull out and pass the green
text: car. We see the green car turn up an alleyway.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Scottie's expression changes a little, surprised at
dialog: the sudden turn-off,
scene_heading: EXT, STREET, SAN FRANCISCO - (DAY) + SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: In the left f.g., we see a large flower shop and
text: beyond, at the corner of the side alleyway, another
text: store. We see the gray sedan turn in. .
scene_heading: EXT, STREET, SAN FRANCISCO - (DAY) - SEMI-LONG SHOT
scene_heading: SHOOTING DOUN THE ATLEVWAY :
text: The gray sedan comes into the f.g. on the right,
text: while further down the street, we see the green
text: Jaguar coming to a stop outside a dingy doorway..
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: We see Scottie looking out of his window, looking
text: down the street.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY ~ SEMI-LONG SHOT = FROM HIS VIEW
speaker_heading: POUT
text: We see Madeleine get out of the Jaguar and pass
text: through a rather decrepit-looking door,
dialog: es
dialog: Wr.
dialog: 48.
dialog: “WS.
dialog: 50.
dialog: 2,
dialog: 9-12-57
dialog: 
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 224
scene_heading: EXT, ALLEYWAY - (DAY) - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Scottie alights from his car and we see him make his
text: way down the alley towards the Jaguar.
scene_heading: EXT, ALLEYWAY - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The CAMERA PANS Scottie past the Jaguar as he cautiously
text: enters the doorway. :
scene_heading: INT. DARE PASSAGE ~ (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT |
text: We see Scottie making his way down this passage. He
text: reaches a door at the end,
scene_heading: INT, DARK PASSAGE - (DAY) + SEMI-CLOSEUP - SHOOTING
scene_heading: OVEN SCOTTIN'S SHOULDER
text: He gently pushes open the door. We see beyond him
text: the bright lights and back part of the flower shop.
scene_heading: INT, FLOWER SHOP - (DAY) - CLOSEUP
text: Scottle's surprised expression, as he peers through the
text: partially open door. Suddenly, he catches sight of:
scene_heading: IND. FLOWER SHOP - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Madeleine is talking to one of the assistants,
text: some inouiry. ‘The assistant, who seems to Ilmow her,
text: nods with a smile and goes off to the side of the stcre.
text: Madeleine waits and begins to turn, looking around the
text: store. She approaches camera until she is again in
text: profile - just as she was in Ernie's Restaurant when
dialog: ‘“Seottie first saw her,
scene_heading: INT. FLOWER SHOP - CLOSEUP ~.SCOTTIE
text: Cautiously narrows the opening of the decor.
scene_heading: INT. FLOWER SHOP.- (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The female assistant returns. She is carrying a small.
text: nosegay of flowers. Madeleine nods her approval and,
text: as the assistant returns, we see Madeleine indicate
text: she will take it as it 1s. Madeleine begins to open
text: her purse as thé assistant starts to write out the bill.
dialog: ”
dialog: 
scene_heading: B "PROM AMONG THE DEAD 23.
scene_heading: | 53. INT. FLOWER SHOP ~ (DAY) - CLOSEUP SCOTTIE
text: | Cautiously, closes the door. :
scene_heading: Sy. Int. PASSAGE - (DAY) - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: We see Scottie retreating from the door and hastening
text: down the passage towards the CAMERA. He goes out left
text: and as he opens the door into the alleyway, the day-
text: ‘light streams in for a moment.
scene_heading: 55. EXT. ALLEYWAY - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Scottie emerges from the doorway, passing the green
text: Jaguar. We are far enough away to see the sign over
text: the doorway, which tells us that it is the rear
text: entrance to the flower shop, for customers! parking.
scene_heading: 56. EXT. ALLEYWAY - (DAY) - LONG SHOT
text: Scottie comes from the Jaguar across the alleyway to
text: where his own car is standing. He gets in. After a
text: moment or two, we see Madeleine emerge in the distance
text: and get into the Jaguar, carrying the nosegay. There
text: _ 4s a sound of the starter, and immediately, she is on
text: her way. In the f.g., the gray sedan moves off at a
text: eautious distance behind.
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: 57. INT. SCOPPIE'S GAR - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: We see Scottie driving, looking ahead.
scene_heading: 58. EXE. DOLORES AVENUE - (DAY) ~ LONG SHOT
text: The green Jaguar driving: ahead down thé wide Dolores
text: - Avenue. It presently comes to a stop outside .the
text: Hission. We see Madeleine quickly get out. Scottie's
text: ear enters the picture and begins to slow up. -
scene_heading: 59. INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - (Dar) - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: As he watches ahead, he slowly brings his car * to a stop.
scene_heading: 60. EXT, DOLORES AVENUE - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT.
text: In the f.g., 4s the gray sedan. Scottie emerges and,
text: slamming his car door shut, makes his way to the door-
text: way opposite which the green Jaguar is parked.
dialog: 9-12-57
dialog: 63.
text: : Scottie half-turns as though to retrace his steps, then
dialog: 67.
dialog: 68.
dialog: 69.
dialog: 9-12-57
dialog: 
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD ah
scene_heading: EXD, DOLORES MISSION - (DAY) - LONG SHOT :
text: We now see for the first time the facade of the old
text: Mission Dolores. Scottie enters the picture from the ©
text: vight and makes his way to the small dark, open doorway.
scene_heading: EXt. MISSION DOLORES - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT oo,
text: Scottie passes through the small doorway. On the wall
text: nearby, we get a quick glimpse of the plaque announcing ‘
dialog: the date of the establishment of the Mission.
scene_heading: IND. MISSION DOLORES - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: We see Scottie come through the door and towards the
text: CAMERA. He. comes to a stop in CLOSEUP.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ‘DWT, MISSION DOLORES - (DAY) - LONG SHOT
dialog: 
text: From his viewpoint, we see the center aisle and, in
text: the distence, the altar of the old Mission. It is
text: very dark except for the strong light around the
text: altar. The church is completely empty.
scene_heading: INT. MISSION DOLORES - (DAY) - SEMI-CLOSEUP
dialog: 
text: he looks back again and leans to one side slightly.
scene_heading: IND. MISSION DOLORES - (DAY) - LONG SHOT
text: Shooting on a slightly different angle, we see there
text: is a small door at the far end at the righthand side
text: of the alter. It is slowly closing.
scene_heading: INT. MISSTON DOLORES - (DAY) - CLOSHUP
text: Scottie immediately comes forward and exits the picture.
scene_heading: | DME. MISSION DOLORES - (DAY)-- LONG SHOT)
text: Scottie enters the f.g., and we see him hasten up the
text: aisle towards the altar.
scene_heading: INT. MISSION DOLORES ~ (DAY) - SEMI-LONG SHOT .
text: We are much nearer to the altar. Scottie enters the
dialog: ‘ (Continued )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: aw
dialog: 69. (Cont'd)
dialog: 70.
dialog: 72.
dialog: 73+
dialog: The
dialog: 3.
dialog: 1.
speaker_heading: TT.
dialog: 9012-57
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 25.
text: picture on the right and makes his way quickly to- .
text: wards the little side door. As he opens it, a shaft '
text: of bright sunlight comes into the church.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - CLOSEUP - ;
text: We see Scottie emerge from the church, coming towards !
text: the CAMERA, which DOLLIES BACK with him.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: From his viewpoint, the CAMERA TURNS the corner and I
text: makes its way toward a small gateway in a wall. The
text: CAMERA starts to go through.
scene_heading: EXT, GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - CLOSEUP
text: Scottie coming through the gateway.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - LONG SHOT
text: The CAMERA MOVES ACROSS the graveyard, and in the
text: distance, we see Madeleine gazing down at a head-
text: stone, the posy still clutched in her hands. -
scene_heading: EXT, GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - CLOSEUP
text: Scottie looking towards Madeleine with an expression
text: of slight surprise. He starts off out of the picture
dialog: to the right. .
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - LONG SHOT
text: We see Scottie making his way down the side of the
text: veyard, with the Mission Church behind him. The
dialog: PANS him'all the way round to a position to-
text: wards Madeleine. He disappears from view. .
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The CAMERA PANS Scottie past Madeleine and he takes
text: up a position behind a grotto where he can observe her.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Scottie watching Madeleine.
dialog: aw
dialog: 78.
dialog: 79
dialog: 80.
dialog: ‘61.
dialog: 82.
dialog: 83.
dialog: 85.
dialog: 86.
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 26.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Through the foliage, from his viewpoint, we see the '
text: ‘back ctew of Madeleine, her head bent down, still
text: looking at the grave. She starts to -turn.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - {DAY) - SEMI-CcLOSEUP
text: Scottie cautiously steps back a little. -
scene_heading: ‘Ext. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - MEDIUM sHOT
text: The CAMERA watching the corner of the grotto fora
text: moment. Nothing happens, then we hear a few steps
text: and Madeleine comes into view still carrying the
text: posy of flowers. She is walking very slowly. She
text: comes to a stop opposite Scottie - until she is in
text: full profile. She opens her purse and takes out a
text: small handkerchief, then she moves on around the
text: path towards the exit.
scene_heading: - EXT. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Scottie is watching her depart.
scene_heading: EXE. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) <- SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Madeleine approaches a small'door at the side of the
text: Mission Church. She goes in.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) = MEDIUM SHOT
text: We sée Scottie ‘hasten “round from his hiding-place back
text: ‘to the headstone, where Madeleine had been standing.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Scottie’ quickly takesan envelope froin his pocket
text: and also takes out a pencil. He starts to write
text: down something as he looks at the headstone.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - CLOSEUP .
dialog: INSERT = The name'on the headstone reads: ‘Carlotta
dialog: Valdes". Born December 3, 1831. Died March 5, 1857.!
scene_heading: EXD. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: We see Scottie hurry fron the grave towards the
dialog: 9-12-57 (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: aw
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD : 27.
dialog: 86. (Cont!)
dialog: 87.
dialog: 88.
dialog: 89.
dialog: 90.
dialog: | 92.
dialog: 9-12-57
text: exit door, The CAMERA PANS with him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR ~ (DAY) - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Once more his eyes are on the road ahead, as he fol-
dialog: lows Madeleine.
scene_heading: EXT, MARKET STREET - (DAY) :
text: We see the green Jaguar come out of 16th Street and
text: cross Market Street and start to ascend the hill.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO STREET - (DAY)
dialog: 
text: We see both cars, one behind the other, moving uphill.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO: 1
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE TO LINCOLN PARK - (DAY)
text: The two cars move alorig the road through the entrance,
text: between the trees, and the Jaguar draws up before the
text: Palace of the Legion of Honor. Scottie continues past
text: as Madeleine gets out of her car and walks through the
text: courtyard to the entrance to the art gallery. Scottie
text: parks his car farther along, and follows her in.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. ART GALLERY - (AFTERNOON) - LONG SHOT
text: Shooting through the foreground columns, we see the
text: gallery, soft lit fram the top, completely empty, save
text: for one person. It is Madeleine. She is seated on the
text: small wooden bench at the far end. Her head is tilted
text: in the upward direction, gazing at a large portrait.
text: Slowly we see Scottie coming to the left f.g. He -
text: watches her for a moment and then with a carefully quiet
text: step, moves ‘into the gallery and starts to examine the -
dialog: pictures. .
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY - (AFTERNOON) - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: The. CAMERA SHOOTING on the back of Scottie, TRAVELS with .
text: him as he pretends to look at the pictures on the wall.
text: He barely stops at each one. Now and again he half fur-
text: tively glances over his: shoulder. Finally the CAMERA
text: COMES TO A STOP. Scottie cautiously turns around and
text: looks across the room.
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: OO
speaker_heading: 936
dialog: Se
dialog: 96.
dialog: Te
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: 996
dialog: 9-12-57
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD , 28.
scene_heading: INT, GALLERY - (AFTERNOON) SEMI-LONG SHOT
dialog: From his viewpoint, we get a complete picture of what
text: he sees, The back view of Madeleine, seated on the
text: polished wooden bench, her right hand is holding the
text: nosegay, and beyond her a three-quarter length por-
text: trait of a beautiful blonde woman, dressed in 19th
text: century costume. She seems to be looking down with
text: an enigmatic smile. :
scene_heading: INT, GALLERY - (AFTERNOON) = CLOSEUP
text: Scottie's eye catches sight of:
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY - (AFTERNOON) - CLOSEUP
text: The nosegay resting in Madeleine's hand on the polished
text: wood seat, The CAMERA SLOWLY PANS UP and MOVES IN to
text: a part of the picture. It comes to rest on a nosegay
text: held in the woman's hands.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY = (AFTERNOON) ~ CLOSEUP
text: Scottie's expression does not change. His eyes move
dialog: to some thing else.
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY - (AFTERNOON) - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: SHOOTING on the back of Madeleine, we see her head
text: and shoulders only, The CAMERA MOVES IN until her bun
text: of blonde hair fills the screen, The CAMERA. PANS up
text: until we see the head and shoulders of the woman in
text: the portrait. She is wearing a distinctive diamond. pen-
text: dant.necklace.. Theti the-CAMERA SLOWLY MOVES IW and concen-
text: trates its attention at a bun of hair resting on the
text: nape of her neck.
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY - (AFTERNOON) = CLOSEUP
text: Secottie's eyes turn thoughtfully at the memory of his
text: conversation with Gavin. He looks up again.
scene_heading: INT, GALLERY - (AFTERNOON) = SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Again, the enigmatic look of the woman wearing the
text: diamond. pendant. necklace, It seems as though she is
text: almost. looking at Scottie. .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 100.
dialog: 102.
dialog: 102,
scene_heading: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 296
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY - (AFTERNOON ).- SEMI-CLOSEUP .
text: Scottie turns and makes his way carefully back down
dialog: the gallery.
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY - (AFTERNOON) - SEMI-LONG SHOT !
text: THE CAMERA is now back in its original position, beyond
text: the columns of the entrance to the room, We see Scottie
text: coming down toward the CAMERA. As he comes to us in
text: CLOSER SHOT, we see him beckon to somebody off screen.
scene_heading: INT, GALLERY - (APTERNOON) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: "A male attendant is coming over towards the CAMERA.
dialog: 103.
dialog: 10h.
dialog: 9012-57
text: He goes out of the picture.
scene_heading: INT, GALLERY - (AFTERNOON) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: He comes to where Scottie awaits him. Scottie asks
text: in a low voice:
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Nodding in the
dialog: -direction of the
dialog: gallery)
dialog: Wha is the woman in the portrait?
text: The Attendant turns his head.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE (Cont'd)
text: The one where the lady is sitting.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Oh, - that's Carlotta, sir.
dialog: (At Scottie's reaction)
dialog: You'll find it in the catalogue:
dialog: “Portrait of Carlotta.”
text: Scottie nods his thanks as the attendant hands him a
text: catalogue. Scottie then turns back and looks into
text: the room. The CAMERA MOVES IN past him, so that once
text: more we are left alone with Madeleine seated, still
text: looking at the portrait. .
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. ART GALLERY - (AFTERNOON) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: In the f.g., Scottie is seated in his gray sedan. We
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: ao
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 42
dialog: i)
dialog: 10k.
dialog: 105.
dialog: 106.
dialog: 107.
dialog: 108,
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: 9212-57
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 30.
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: see beyond him in the distance, the green Jaguar and .
text: the backelit columns of the gallery courtyard. Present=
text: ly, the small figure of Madeleine appears. Shs gets
text: into her car and starts to drive off. Scottie starts
text: up his engine, His car. moves across the-~screen,.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: me
scene_heading: EXT. A SAN FRANCISCO STREET - (DAY)
dialog: ~, .
text: The two cars moving along through a poorer section of
dialog: San Francisco. We see that the houses - many large -
text: are all of wood, shabby, run-down, some almost derelict.
text: The occasional front yard is uncared for; the few
text: people on the street are cheeply dressed. There is a
dialog: meanness of atmosphere.
scene_heading: EXT, MCEIT TRICK. HOTEL - (DAY) - LONG SHOT
text: The green Jaguar comes to a stop outside a large house,
text: which has seen grander days. Obviously an old San
dialog: Francisco residence, it 1s now become an apartment
text: hotel, A long flight of steps from the street, leads
text: to the front door, which has a semi-circular canopy
text: supported by’colunmns. Madeleine gets out and ascends
text: the stairs toward the hotel entrance; she is still
dialog: carrying the posy of flowers. :
scene_heading: Ext. MCKITTRICK HOTEL - (DAY) = SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Scottie's car pulls into the curb. He gets out end
text: stands on the sidewalk and looks ahead of him. He
text: walks forward out of the picture.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXD. MCKITTRICK HOTEL - (DAY) ~ SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: We see Scottie walking along the sidewalk casually.
text: The green car is at the curb at the left of the stairs
dialog: 
text: to the hotel, He strolls up until he reaches the green _
dialog: car.
scene_heading: EXT, MCKITTRICK HOTEL - (Dar) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: SHOOTING over the green car, we see Scottie hovering
text: around the bottom of the steps. There is no sign of
dialog: Madeleine, She has obviously gone in by this time.
text: Scottie turns and examines the facade of the hotel
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: bo
dialog: y
dialog: om
speaker_heading: Cc
dialog: 109.
dialog: 110.
dialog: 112.
dialog: 113.
dialog: 115.
dialog: 9-12-57
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 31.
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: and over his shoulder, the CAMERA PANS up over the
text: building where we see the name, in worn black
text: lettering under the top cornice.
scene_heading: EXT, MCKITTRICK HOTEL - (DAY) = CLOSEUP
text: Scottie turns away from the hotel and glances in the
text: direction of the car, He then turns and ponders what
text: his next move should be, He looks back at the hotel.
text: Suddenly, his eye catches sight of something. He
text: hastens over to conceal himself by the entrance wall,
text: the CAMERA PANNING him. His eyes go up again.
scene_heading: EXD. MCKITTRICK HOTEL ~ (DAY) - LONG SHOT
text: From his viewpoint, we see Madeleine appear in the
text: corner second storey window, She is glancing out
text: easually, as she takes off the jacket of her suit.
text: She turns into the room again,
scene_heading: EXD, MCKITTRICK HOTEL ~ (DAY) = CLOSEUP
text: Scottie is really puzzled by this appearance, He
text: thinks for a while and then, making up his mind,
text: starts to go up the steps, the CAMERA PANNING him, .
text: We sée him reach the top step and make for the front
speaker_heading: OTs
scene_heading: EXD, MCKITTRICK HOTEL - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Scottie waits 4 slight moment, and then, bracing
text: himself, opens the door and passes through.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. MCKITTRICK HOTEL LOBBY - (DAY) ~ SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Scottie comes through the door closes it behind
text: him, He looks around.
scene_heading: INT, MCKITTRICK HOTEL LOBBY - (DAY)
text: From Scottie's viewpoint, we see most of the lobby,
text: There is a small reception desk with a key rack to
dialog: one side, but the strongest and most immediate
text: impact is one of greenery, of foliage. Scattered
dialog: about the lobby ‘in profusion-are: tallestanding
text: potted rubber plants and philodendron. Scottie
text: stands and stares, There is no one to be seen, no
text: sign of life. Then we see a leaf of a rubber plant
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: am
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: CY °
dialog: lo.
dialog: )
dialog: ©
dialog: 2
dialog: ;
dialog: )
dialog: |
dialog: o-
dialog: > ,
dialog: po
dialog: ra
dialog: ov ,
dialog: a7
dialog: >
dialog: ©
dialog: et
dialog: 9012-57
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 32.
dialog: (Cont ta)
text: move » ‘and move again, and a hand appears, seemingly !
text: caressing it, and then we hear a woman's voice.
speaker_heading: MANAGERESS ©
dialog: Yes? . ;
text: Scottie looks in that direction, and the woman”
text: moves out from behind the plant. She is a small,
text: gentle, elderly lady with white hair, motherly and t
text: amiling, with bright, eager eyes.
speaker_heading: MANAGERESS
dialog: Is there something I can do 4
dialog: for you?
dialog: “- scorrm :
dialog: Yes.... you run this‘hotel. ~*
scene_heading: - : MANAGERESS
dialog: Oh, yess
dialog: Scottie
dialog: Would you tell me, who has the
text: voom on the second floor in the
dialog: corner, that corner?
speaker_heading: . MANAGERESS
dialog: (Brightly)
dialog: Oh, I'm afraid we couldn't give out
dialog: information of that sort, Our clients
dialog: are entitled to their privacy, you
dialog: Imow. And Ido believe itts against
dialog: the law} Of course, I donit think
dialog: of them-would mind, really, but still rt
dialog: would have to know who you are, and ask-—==
text: By now Scottie has got out his wallet and has shown
text: his badge, and the sight of it makes her stop abruptly,
text: and for a moment her face hardens and is not a bit
text: motherly. But then she recovers her innocent bright-
dialog: ness. .
speaker_heading: MANAGERESS
dialog: on, dear] Has she done something
dialog: wrong? -
dialog: “. seorrre -
dialog: Please answer my question.
speaker_heading: MANAGERESS
dialog: I can't imagine that sweet girl
dialog: with that dear face-~-
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
scene_heading: am . FROM AMONG THE DEAD . 33 |
dialog: 115. (Cont td) |
speaker_heading: , SCOTTIE |
dialog: (Urgently) : :
dialog: What is her name? . i
speaker_heading: MANAGERESS \
dialog: Valdes, Miss Valdes. i
dialog: (Pause. Then, . i
dialog: -brightly) : :
dialog: Itts Spanish, you know.
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: * (Slowly)
dialog: Carlotta Valdes?
speaker_heading: MANAGERESS
dialog: yes, thatts it, Sweet name,
dialog: isn't it?. Foreign. But sweet.
dialog: “ "+ * scorrre
dialog: (Holding in)
dialog: long has she had the room?
scene_heading: ° MANAGERESS ‘
dialog: Oh, it must be two weeks. Yes,
dialog: the rent's due tomorrow.
dialog: - Scortis .
dialog: Does she sleep here? Ever?
speaker_heading: : , “ MANAGERESS
dialog: No... she only comes to sit. Two
dialog: or three times a week, And I never
dialog: ask questions, you mow. As long
dialog: as they're well behaved, I mst say
dialog: that I've wondered---=
speaker_heading: ‘SCOTTIE
dialog: (Cutting her off)
dialog: When she comes down, don't say
dialog: that I've been here. -
text: And he turns away to go, wondering.
speaker_heading: “" MANAGERESS
dialog: (Brightly)
dialog: Oh, but she hasn't been here
dialog: todays — -
text: Scottie whirls back on her.
dialog: Scorriz
dialog: Z saw her come in five minutes
dialog: agol. ~
dialog: 9-12-57 , (Continued)
speaker_heading: S
dialog: (>
dialog: vu
dialog: 
dialog: aw
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD . 3h.
speaker_heading: 125. (Cont'd)
dialog: 117.
dialog: : 9-12-57
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BEDROOM - (DAY)
speaker_heading: MANAGERESS
dialog: Oh, no! she hasn't been here at
dialog: all! I would have seen her, you
dialog: mow. I've been right here all
dialog: the time, putting olive oil on my
dialog: rubber plant leaves!
text: Scottie stares at her smiling, innocent face. She
text: looks over at the key rack.
scene_heading: . * MANAGERESS
dialog: And there! There you see? Her
dialog: key is on the rack! -
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Heavily) ~
dialog: Would you please... go. and look?
speaker_heading: MANAGERESS
dialog: In her room? Well, yes, of course
dialog: if youask., But it does seem silly...
text: She puts down the can of olive oil and the sponge,
text: and gets out her passkey. She goes up the stairs.
text: ‘Scottie watches her go, then stares down at the
text: ean of olive oil, stares at the rubber plant, and
text: waits, and looks up the stairs.
speaker_heading: MANAGERESS (Her Voice)
dialog: (Brightly) —
dialog: Oh, Mr. Detective! Would you
dialog: like to come and look?
text: Scottie starts up the stairs on the run.
scene_heading: INT. LANDING OF SECOND FLOOR -" (DAY)
dialog: 
text: The Manageress stands near the open door. Scottie
text: brushes past her and stands on the threshold.
dialog: .
text: We are looking at the room over the shoulders of
text: Scottie and the woman. It is empty. Scottie crosses
text: to. the window and looks down. From his viewpoint
text: we see the empty space at the street curb where
dialog: stood Madeleine ‘gs Jaguar.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 129.
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD . 38.
speaker_heading: 127. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
text: Her car is gone.
speaker_heading: MANAGERESS
dialog: What car? :
text: He turns to look at her sweet, smiling face, then turns
text: back to stare down out of the window in bewilderment.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EX®. BROCKLEBANK APARTMENTS - (DAY)
text: “Sedttiets sedan pulls up in the foreground, the buila-
text: ing in the distance. He looks across. There, half
text: concealed around the corner of the small car park,
text: is the green Jaguar. Scottie strolls over, inspects
text: the car, then looks inside. On the seat 1s the small
dialog: posegsy bought at Podesta's and carried to the ceme-
dialog: ery. . : . .
speaker_heading: ‘DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: NZ. MIDGE'S APARTMENT - (DAY)
text: Midge is at work on a nightgown ad. The phonograph
text: is playing softly: probably Bach, probably harpsi-
text: chord, probably Landowska. Scottie walks in, and
text: Midge locks up, startled.
dialog: . SCOTTIE : .
dialog: Midge, who do you mow that's an
dialog: _, authority on San Francisco history?
text: He walks over and turns the phonograph off, either
dialog: here or a bit later.
speaker_heading: : MIDGE
dialog: Now, that's the kind of greeting
dialog: a girl likes. None of this "hello
dialog: you look wonderful" stuff. Just a
dialog: good straight "who.do you imow™ --
dialog: se, open oS
dialog: re:
dialog: Well, who? Come on, you lmow
dialog: everybody..
text: Professor Saunders, over in Berkeley.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: w
speaker_heading: 119. (Cont'd)
dialog: 
dialog: Starts
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD
speaker_heading: SCOTtIE
dialog: Not that kind of history. The
dialog: small stuff! About people you
dialog: never heard of !
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Oh! you msan Gay Old Bohemian
dialog: Days of Gay Old San Francisco!
dialog: The juicy stories? Like who shot
dialog: who in the Embarcadéro in August,. 1879?
speaker_heading: SOCTTIE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: Pop Leibel.
speaker_heading: oO SCOLTIE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Pop Leibel. Owns the Argosy Book-
dialog: Shop. What do you want to know?
speaker_heading: : SCOTTIE
dialog: Who shot who in the Embarcadéro in
dialog: _ August, 1879.
dialog: for the door fast.
speaker_heading: ‘MIDGE
dialog: Wait a minute! You're not a detective
dialog: any more. What's going on?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Pausing)
dialog: Do you mow him well?
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Pep. Leibe1? Sure.
speaker_heading: ‘SCOPTTE
dialog: All : right, come on. Introduce me.
dialog: Where's your hat?
text: Ee looks about for it.
dialog: 12-57 ©
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: (Speeding to the door)
dialog: I don't need a hat. Johnny, what's
dialog: it about? -
dialog: 36.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Ww
dialog: ue
dialog: 
dialog: 119.
dialog: 120. |
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 37.
dialog: (Conttd)
text: She speeds right on through the open door.
dialog: , Scottie
dialog: I'll tell you later, Wait a minutes
text: Ee races out after her.
scene_heading: ' DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARGOSY BOOK SHOP - (DUSK)
text: It is old, it is msty, it is filled with old books,
dialog: but the important thing to note is that it is. filled
dialog: with memorabilia.of California pioneer days: on the
text: walls are not only the familiar old maps and prints
dialog: but also, and more striking, such things as framed
text: old mining claims, posters describing outlaws wanted
dialog: by the law, Wells Fargo Pony Express Posters; and on
text: the shelves, old whiskey bottles, gold-mining pans,
dialog: and such, The proprietor, Pop Leibel, is staring
text: with a nodding smile at the piece of paper Scottie has
text: handed him, and Scottis watches him keenly. In the
text: BeBe, Midge wanders about the shop, inspecting the
text: prints on the wall, but always listening.
speaker_heading: ’ POP LEIBEL
dialog: Yes.... the Beautiful Carlotta...
dialog: the Sad Carlotéa....
speaker_heading: ScorrTiE
dialog: What does a big old wooden house on
dialog: the corner of Eddy and Gough Street
dialog: have to do with her?
speaker_heading: POP LETBEL
dialog: It was hers, It was built for
dialog: her, Many years ago.
speaker_heading: : . SCOTTIE
dialog: By whom?
speaker_heading: POP LEIBEL
dialog: By... no... the name I do not
dialog: er, A rich man, a powerful
dialog: man, It is not an unusual story.
dialog: She came from somewhere small, to
dialog: the south of the city... some say
dialog: from a mission settlement... young,
dialog: yes; very young. And she was found
text: . Singing and dancing in a cabaret by
dialog: the man... wait... wait.... Ives!
dialog: His'name was Ivesj] Yes. And he took
dialog: 9-12-57 . (Continued)
dialog: im
dialog: 120.
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 38,
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: , POP LETBEL (Cont'd)
dialog: her and built for her the great house
dialog: in the Western Addition... and there
dialog: was achild, Yes, This was it, The
dialog: child, :
text: Scottie hangs on his words. Pop looks up at him and
dialog: smiles.
dialog: . POP LEIBEL , '
dialog: And now, fragments, you understand.
dialog: I cannot tell you how mech time 1
dialog: passed, or how much happiness there
text: was. But then he threw her away.
dialog: He had no other children; his wife
dialog: had no children, He kept the child
dialog: and threw her away. Men could do
dialog: that in those days. They had the
dialog: power... and the freedom. And she
dialog: became the Sad Carlotta, Alone in
dialog: . the great house....walking the streets
text: -. alone, her clothes becoming old and
text: patched and dirty.... the Mad Carlotta
dialog: - eee Stopping people in the streets to
dialog: ask, "Where is my child?.... have you ©
dialog: seen my child?".... :
text: fhe store has darkened considerably and all the figures
text: are practically. silhouettes. The CAMERA picks up a
text: ' CLOSE SHOT OF MIDGE, listening intently, her head turn-
dialog: 9~12-57
text: ed away from the wall toward the old man. And on the
text: wall near her head is a print of Mission San Juan
dialog: Bautista as it was in the old days.
dialog: The poor thing....
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: And she died....
speaker_heading: + OP LETBEL
dialog: She died.
speaker_heading: : ‘SCOTTIE
dialog: How? :
speaker_heading: POP LEIBEL
dialog: By her own hand,
dialog: (Pause. Smiles sadly)
dialog: There are many such stories.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Leibel. Thank
dialog: you very much,
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 39.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OD 120. (Cont'd)
text: o Forgetting Midge, he turns and walks out of the store
text: Cc. fast, deep in thought.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Hey, wait a minute! So long,
dialog: Pop! Thanks a lot! ~
scene_heading: 121. EXT. SIDEWALK OUTSIDE ARGOSY BOOK SHOP - (DUSK)
text: Midge catches up with Scottie and stops him by grab-
text: bing his arm.
speaker_heading: on : MIDGE' / :
dialog: 2 o : Now then, Johnny-0; pay me. ;
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Oo For bringing you here. Come
dialog: “ . on, tell!
speaker_heading: : ScoTrtis
dialog: Nothing to tell.
dialog: |
text: She dashes ‘out after Scottie.
dialog: |
dialog: |
speaker_heading: co MIDGE
dialog: orm. You'll tell, or you'll be back
dialog: . in that corset! Come on!
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: I'll take you home.
text: . He starts off with long strides, and Midge hurries
dialog: a? after hin, . .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 1214, EXD, STREET OUZSIDE MIDGE'S APARTMENT = (EARLY EVENING)
dialog: ww
text: & - Seottie's car drawa up and comes to a stop.
scene_heading: 122, INT. SCOPTIE'S CAR - (EARLY EVENING) - MEDIUM TWO SHOT
text: Scottie and Midge are looking straight ahead,
speaker_heading: wu “ * * * SCOTTIE
dialog: Here you are,
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: You haven't told me everything. :
speaker_heading: - * SCOTTIE
dialog: eo ¢ I've told you enough,
speaker_heading: ) , MIDGE WSeabiscet}
dialog: Who's the guy, who's the wife?
dialog: . ; (Continued)
dialog: we
speaker_heading: L
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ~™
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 8 1
dialog: I wm . FROM AMONG THE DEAD hO. |
dialog: om . !
speaker_heading: CU 122, (Conttd) |
speaker_heading: |e i SCOPTIE
dialog: ~ . Out. Itve got things to doe
speaker_heading: . MIDGE
dialog: I kmow. ‘The ome who phoned. Your
dialog: old college chum, Elstere
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Outs
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: And the idea is that the Beautiful
dialog: Mad Carlotta has come back fran the
dialog: dead, to take possession of Elster!s
dialog: wite? Ah, Johnnyi Come onj !
dialog: SCOTTIE - . . |
dialog: (angrily) , !
dialog: Itm not telling you whet I thinks .
dialog: tin telling you what he thinks’ .
speaker_heading: _ MIDeE
dialog: Well, what do you thinker
dialog: -Scottie ia troubled, lost in thought. Pause.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Is she pretty?
speaker_heading: SCOPTIE |
dialog: Carlotta?
speaker_heading: . MIDGE
dialog: (Evenly)
dialog: No, not Carlotta, Elster's wife.
speaker_heading: SCOTPTIE .
dialog: Mam, yeah, I gnesSeces
text: Midge looks up at him from the corners of her eyes
speaker_heading: MIDGE ‘
dialog: (Wickedly)
dialog: I think I'll go take a look at
dialog: that portrait.
dialog: “" (with a bright smile)
dialog: Bes
text: She opens the car door quickly and jumps out.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE -
dialog: ( Outraged)
dialog: Midge 4
dialog: ‘9x1 2257 , . (Continue a)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ) wm
dialog: OD 122.
dialog: )
speaker_heading: O
dialog: | 1228.
speaker_heading: oO -
dialog: | 123.
dialog: O°:
dialog: ee
dialog: ow
dialog: 4
dialog: &
dialog: es
speaker_heading: 5 ‘9212057
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD
dialog: (Cont 4) , ?
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Bye-bye!
text: She slams the car door and runs into the house.
text: Scottie glares after her for a momént, then his face
text: relaxes, and he is lost in thought. He reaches “nto
text: the glove compartment of the car and draws out tke :
dialog: catalogue of the permanent collection of the Palace
text: of the Legion of Honor. He opens it to a page and stares
dialog: down, =” so - '
scene_heading: INSERT - THE REPRODUCTION OF “THE PORTRAIT OF CARTOTTA.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO: a
scene_heading: INT. GAVIN ELSTER'S CLUB ~ (NIGHT)
text: Elster and Scottie are seated in the lounge of a San
dialog: Francisco Club - there are one or two members reading
text: newspapers, etc., while a waiter moves by in the
text: background serving drinks. Elster is studying the
dialog: reproduction of the portrait of Carlotta in the
dialog: catalogue that Scottie procured from the gallery. .
text: The waiter leans in end places two drinks before them.
text: Scottie watches Elster, waiting for him to speak.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: ELS TER
dialog: (With a wan smile)
dialog: Youtve done well, Scottie.
dialog: Youtre good at your job.
dialog: Scortiz
dialog: That's Carlotta Valdes.
speaker_heading: , ELSTER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SCOfTIE
dialog: There are things you didn't tell ma.
dialog: I didn't kmow where she was. going
dialog: to lead you.
speaker_heading: ScoTris
dialog: But you kmew about this.
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: Oh, yes. You noticed the way she
dialog: does her hair,
dialog: (Contimed)
dialog: 
text: o wm FROM AMONG THE DEAD . 42.
speaker_heading: Me 123. (Cont'd)
dialog: © : -
text: He places a finger on the reproduction of the. portrait
text: to indicate the bun at the back of the neck. Scottie
dialog: nods. :
speaker_heading: ELSTER .
dialog: oO . Something else. My wife, Madeleine,
dialog: has several pieces of jewelry that
dialog: belonged to Carlotta. She inherited t
dialog: them. Never wore them, they were
dialog: too old-fashioned... until now. Now,
text: . when she is alone, she gets them out
text: re and looks at them ... handles them
text: O54 gently, curiously ... puts them on
text: . and stares at herself in the mirror ..
dialog: and goes into that other world ... :
text: is someone else again.
speaker_heading: : SCOTTIE ,
dialog: Qos oo - Carlotta Valdes was what: your wife's
dialog: . grendmother? a
speaker_heading: . ELSTER
dialog: . Greategrendmother. The child
dialog: +. who was taken from her - whose.
dialog: ( loss drove Carlotta mad and to
dialog: OCK. her death - was Madeleine's grand-
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: SCOPTIE
dialog: (Confidently)
dialog: Well, that explains it. Anyone
dialog: could develop an obsession for
text: 2B past, with a background like
dialog: te .
speaker_heading: , ELSTER
dialog: ~ But she doesn't know... about her
dialog: 3° background,
text: . (As Scottie stares,
dialog: narrowly)
dialog: She never heard of Carlotta Valdes,
speaker_heading: kn SCOTTIE
dialog: ows nothing of.a grave out at
dialog: - Mission Dolores, or an old house
text: on Eddy Street, or a portrait at
dialog: the Palace of the Legion of Honor?
speaker_heading: ELSTER
speaker_heading: Ww
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: , SCOTTIE
dialog: (3 . And when she goes to those places..e?
speaker_heading: 9e12-57 (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 3
dialog: 0
dialog: “
dialog: vo
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: ©)
dialog: Co) 123.
dialog: 2
dialog: oom
dialog: 12h.
dialog: >
dialog: 125.
dialog: y
dialog: qj
dialog: )
dialog: 9-12-57
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 43.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: She is not my wife.
text: The two men stare at each other directly, honestly. '
speaker_heading: . ScCOTTIE’
dialog: How do you Imow all these things
dialog: she doesn't know?
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: Her mother told me most of them
dialog: before she died, I dug out the
dialog: rest for myself, here.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Why did she never tell her
dialog: daughter?
speaker_heading: ELSTER
dialog: Natural fear, Her grandmother
dialog: went insane and took her own life,
dialog: And the blood is in Madeleine.
dialog: (Pause ) .
dialog: Scottie, I ask you to watch her
dialog: : closely,
text: Scottie raises his glass and drinks slowly, thought-
dialog: fully. : .
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO: .
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE OF THE LEGION OF HONOR - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: The columns of the courtyard are back lit by the sun,
text: There is no sign of life, Near the steps, standing
text: alone and empty, is the green Jaguar. .
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE ART GALLERY - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: SHOOTING through the columns in the foreground, our
text: view of the room is obscured momentarily by an elderly
text: couple moving toward the door. They go by to reveal
text: Scottie standing by a Rodin sculpture, looking into
text: the room, and far beyond him, at the end of the room,
text: ‘Madeleine seated on the bench before the portrait
text: staring at it. In her hand, resting at her side on
text: the bench, is once again the nosegay. Now she rises
text: and approaches the portrait and stands before it, the
text: nosegay clasped in her two hands before her, and
dialog: (Continued )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: e
dialog: ws
dialog: wv
dialog: wu
dialog: 1)
dialog: aa
dialog: t
dialog: 125.
dialog: 126,
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD dh.
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: stares up:almost as though in votive offering or in
text: prayer, Finally she turns and starts toward the
text: entrance. Scottie slips away out of sight. Madeleines
text: walks slowly toward the CAMERA,
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE OF THE LEGION OF HONOR - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Madeleine approaches the green Jaguar, gets in, and
text: the car starts away. Scottie's car moves into the
text: scene, following.
speaker_heading: ’ DISSOLVE To:
dialog: 128,
dialog: 130.
dialog: 131.
dialog: 9-12-57
dialog: .
scene_heading: EXT. SEA CLIFF DRIVE - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: We see the green Jaguar proceeding, the gray sedan
text: at a careful distance behind, Beyond, looking north-
text: east, we see the Golden Gate Bridge in the late after-
text: noon sun, and Richmond and Berkeley in the distance.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - (SUNSET)
text: Scottie carefully looking ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. PRESIDIO DRIVE - (SUNSET)
text: Madeleine's car approaches along the drive to the
text: gates of the Presidio, and passes through the gates
text: and is swallowed by the trees. Scottie's car follows,
dialog: and it,: too, disappears. : .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRESIDIO - (SUNSET) /
text: The two cars driving along the wooded road.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - (SUNSET)
text: Scottie looking ahead.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE 70:
dialog: 
text: mw FROM AMONG THE DEAD 45.
dialog: , .
scene_heading: CO 132. EXT. FORT POINT ~ (SUNSET)
text: > Scottie's car is traveling down the slope toward the
text: jutting point of old Fort Winfield Scott, It comes
text: to a stop in the level clearing, The green Jaguar
text: stands there, empty.
scene_heading: © y 133. EXT. BRIDGE - (SUNSET) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Scottie gets out of his car and looks off out of
dialog: picture,
scene_heading: HO > : 13h. EXT. BRIDGE... (SUNSET) = LONG SHOT
text: Madeleine walking away round the. dockside, The vast
text: bridge towers above her, She carries the nosegay.
text: Scottie moves into the f.g., and makes off in the
text: same direction, Madeleine disappears round the corner
dialog: Oo) of the old fort wall. Now she is out of sight, we
text: see Scottie quicken his pace as he approaches the
text: corner of the fort wall.
scene_heading: t- 135. EXT. BRIDGE ~ (SUNSET) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: ow : SHOOTING back, we see Scottie approach the wall and
dialog: peer cautiously around. :
scene_heading: 136. EXT. BRIDGE - (SUNSET) + SEMI-LONG SHOT .
text: From his viewpoint, we, see Madeleine standing at the
text: ‘waters! edge. She is mechanically tearing off the
text: lace-edged paper from the nosegay.
scene_heading: 5 137.. EXT. BRIDGE - (SUNSET) - CLOSEUP
dialog: 
text: Scottie watching her curiously.
scene_heading: 138. § EXT. BRIDGE - (SUNSET) - SEMI-CLOSEUP .
text: a : Madeleine lets the paper aritt away down to the water,
text: oO : She proceeds to unwind the wire around the flowers
text: . and begins to scatter them on the water.
text: 139. " CLOSE SHOT OF FLOWERS FLOATING ON THE WATER
scene_heading: 5 1,0, EXT, BRIDGE = (SUNSET) - CLOSEUP’
text: Scottie watching Madeleine.
dialog: 9012-57
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Uy7.
dialog: 9-12-57
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKSIDE - (SUNSET) ~ MEDIUM SHOT
scene_heading: ’ EXT. DOCKSIDE - (SUNSET) - CLOSEUP MADELEINE
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 4é.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKSIDE - (SUNSET) - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: fhe full figure of Madeleine, scattering the rest of
text: the flowers. Then she raises her head and stares !
text: up at the sky. A moment in which her body seems |
text: poised, and then she is gone, lost to view in the water.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKSIDE - (SUNSET) - LONG SHOT
text: Scottie dashes around the wall and the. CAMERA PANS
text: him to the water's edge. He is throwing his coat off.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKSIDE - (SUNSET) - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: SHOOTING down into the water, we see Madeleine's
text: upturned face as she floats away. She disappears
dialog: now and again.
text: SCOTTIE, ruming down the few stone steps towards the
text: water. When the water is up to his kmees, he swims
text: out towards her, .
text: Her eyes staring, sinks beneath the water. She is”
text: surrounded by the scattered flowers. Scottie swims
text: ain and grabs her.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT, DOCKSIDE - (SUNSET) - CLOSEUP
text: As he holds her, the two heads dre pressed together.
text: He turns and starts to swim back with her. The
text: screen is filled with their two heads, Madeleine's
text: staring eyes begin to close as she is moved away..
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT, DOCKSIDE - (SUNSET) - MEDIUM SHOT | ;
text: We see Scottie coming up some sténé steps. He is
text: staggering with the weight of Madeleine's water- —
text: soaked body and clothes. He carries her over towards
text: the green Jaguar.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Oo. ae.
dialog: 150.
dialog: 151.
dialog: Gi
dialog: 6 19.
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 47.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKSIDE - (SUNSET) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Resting her for a moment, he throws open the door on
text: the passenger's side.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKSIDE - (SUNSET)
text: Scottiets head is close to hers. She is now breathing
dialog: heavily. sae
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: Are you all right?
text: Eer eyes open slowly.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Calling softly) : 2
dialog: . Madeleine... .
dialog: Her eyes show no sign of recognition o or response; -
text: they move past his face and stare out. The CAMERA
text: SLOWLY MOVES IN util her head fills the screen. She
text: stares out as though in a trance.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: EXT, SCOTTIE'S APARTMENT - (DUSK)
text: The empty green Jaguar is drawn up at the curb before
text: the red door of a small, well-kept house.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT, SCOTTIE'S APARTMENT - (NIGHT)
text: We are in the living room of a comfortable bachelor
text: apartment. There is a picture window that looks up
text: ‘to Colt Tower on Telegraph Hill. Thé room is softly
text: lit. A fire is lit in the fireplace; the logs are
text: blazing well, Scottie, in a pair of gray trousers and
text: an old sweater, is wandering about the room, trying
text: to think things out. Through an open door we can see
text: into a small kitchen where Madeleine's clothes -
text: all of them - hang on a cord over the electric stove,
text: drying. And through another open door we can see
text: into the bedroom where Madeleine lies, in the larger-
text: than-single bed, wuder the covers, asleep. She sighs
text: and turns restlessly, and Scottie glances at her from
text: the living-room as he wanders, and then she turns -
text: again, and the sigh becomes words, spoken in sleep,
text: and he stops, and listens.
dialog: 9-12-57 , (Continued )
dialog: w
dialog: 
dialog: ~
dialog: =
dialog: 
dialog: aw
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 4s.
speaker_heading: 151. (Cont'd)
dialog: 9-12-57
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
text: (Faintly, distantly)
dialog: Please...thank you....
dialog: eee Please....
text: Scottie waits, taut, but there is no more. He starts
text: to turn away and suddenly, still distant, but more
dialog: clearly:
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: (Appealingly)
dialog: Where is my child?....
dialog: have you seen my child....?
text: Scottie stiffens with the shock of recognition and
text: his eyes go wide with apprehension staring at the .
text: lost, eye-closed, troubled woman in the bed. And
text: at that moment the telephone on the bedside table
text: rings sharply. He makes a dash for it, The ring-
text: ing brings the woman to with a sharp start, and she
text: instinctively clutches the bedclothes to her chin
text: and raises up a little and stares with wide-eyed
text: fright .at the man running towards her. Scottie takes
dialog: the phone. .
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Yes?... No, it's all right;
dialog: I'll call you back. Yes. Yes!
text: He hangs up, and tries to smile down at Madeleine,
text: who has not moved, but has followed his every move
text: with fright and apprehension.
speaker_heading: - SCOTTIE
dialog: . APS you all right?
text: No answer, only the eyes staring at him. And then
text: he realizes, with some embarrassment, that she cannot
text: move, that she is naked under the bedclothes, and he
text: reaches across to the dressing gown he has laid out
text: for her on the bed, and moves it closer to. her.
dialog: SCOTTIE ° .
dialog: Oh.... youtll want this.... . os
text: He gives her a reassuring nod and smile, straightens
text: up and goes to the door, and goes into the living
text: room, closing the bedroom door behind him, And she
text: stares after him as he goes. .
text: In the living room, he moves to the fireplace, puts
text: another log on, and watches it catch. The bedroom
text: door behind him opens, and he turns to face Madeleine.
dialog: (Continue d)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i}
dialog: wu
dialog: aw
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD / 49.
speaker_heading: 151. (Cont'd)
dialog: 9-12-57
text: She has the dressing gown belted tightly around the
text: middie and holds it together with one hand at her
text: breast. And she stands there staring at him nervously,
text: frightened, not wanting to admit that she does not
dialog: dmow how she came there, but wanting very much to kmow.
text: And she cannot help herself: knowing her own fears,
dialog: she. has to ask, : .
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Why am I here? What happened?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: You... . : .
dialog: (Then, not liking the
dialog: “""*. gound of the truth)
dialog: esee fell into the Bay.
text: She puts a hand slowly to her hair, understanding
dialog: now why it is wet. :
dialog: Scottie
dialog: I dried your hair as well as
dialog: Icould, But you'd better
dialog: come here by the fire.
text: And now, kmowing that he dried her hair, she realizes
text: that he must have taken her clothes off, too, and
text: she looks down at her body with deep awareness of
text: her nakedness, and draws the dressing gown more close-
text: ly to her, and looks back at him with frightened em-
text: barrassment. And her head begins to move quickly, the
text: eyes darting about the apartment as though seeking a
text: way of é6scape, and:she sees the clothes hanging in the
text: kitchen. And she looks back to Scottie appealingly.
text: oo SCOTTIE” .
dialog: They're almost dry. Here.
dialog: Why don't you come over here?
text: He ‘pulls a low stool over before the fire. Madeleine
text: crosses slowly, keeping her eyes always on him, and
text: stake down on the stool, He smiles at her companion-
text: ably.
speaker_heading: - SCOTTIE
dialog: Would you like some coffee?
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: You'd better have some. Or
dialog: would you rather have a drink?
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: wu
dialog: vv
dialog: 
dialog: f ” (Quickly)
dialog: 
dialog: aw FROM AMONG THE DEAD 50. , '
dialog: 151. (Cont'd) /
text: She shakes her head again. He pours a cup of coffee
text: and places it on the floor next to her, along with a
dialog: bowl of sugar cubes. .
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: . (Wonderingly) . '
dialog: eves fell into the bay.... :
text: She looks up at him. He nods.
dialog: eeee and you fished me out... :
text: He nods. She gives him a small grateful smile.
speaker_heading: . MADELEINE
dialog: Thank you. :
text: Scottie is watching her intently.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE'
dialog: You don't remember. :
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Nosees
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE .
dialog: Do you remember where you were?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE *
dialog: ‘(Childishly surprised)
dialog: Oh, of course I remember that!
dialog: But then I must have had a dizzy
dialog: spell, and fainted!
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: ‘ Where were you?
dialog: Abe eee .
dialog: For that one slight, imperéeptible moment, it my
text: seem that she is caught, but then she goes on.
speaker_heading: ’ * MADELEINE
dialog: (Triumphantly)
dialog: eoeeOld Port Point! Out at the”
dialog: Presidio! Of course I remember!
dialog: I often go there!
dialog: 9=12-57 (Continued)
dialog: ws
dialog: wv
dialog: N,
dialog: 
dialog: aw
dialog: 151. (Cont'd).
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD sl.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: {Almost naively)
dialog: Because I love it so. It's
dialog: beautiful there. Especially
dialog: at sunset.
text: (She leans her head
text: back sensually to
dialog: ‘the warmth) .
dialog: Ab... thank you for the fire.
dialog: scorriz
dialog: Where had you been before?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: This afternoon.
speaker_heading: i MADELEINE
dialog: Oh.... wandering about.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Where? Where had you been
dialog: aust before?
text: There is a quick moment of blanimess in her eyes that
text: she tries to hide, and then:
dialog: ’ (Positively)
dialog: _ Downtown, shopping.
dialog: And Scottie sighs imvardiy, faving proved something.
scene_heading: “ * "“SCOorTiE ~ .
dialog: Please drink your coffee.
speaker_heading: “(smiaane)
dialog: Iwill. ‘You're terribly direct
dialog: . in your questions. .
speaker_heading: * SCOTTIE
dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be
dialog: rude.
speaker_heading: “MADELEINE
dialog: You're not « Merely direct. What
dialog: were you doing there? At 01d
dialog: Fort 1b?
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 2
dialog: am
dialog: 151.
dialog: \ >
dialog: © N
dialog: i
dialog: Tom
dialog: cw
dialog: 1:7
dialog: Ps) >
dialog: oo
dialog: 4
dialog: ee¢
dialog: L)
dialog: Got 2057
speaker_heading: oC
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 52.
speaker_heading: (Cont td)
dialog: Scorfrie
text: Wandering about.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: You like it, too.
text: He nods. She smiles at him happily, enjoying the
text: warmth and the coffee, enjoying his presence, seem-
text: ingly almost to have forgotten her nearness to death.
text: And Scottie is fascinated by this thing curled up
text: before his fire.
speaker_heading: " MADELEINE
dialog: (Then with a
dialog: -wicked smile)
dialog: And mene had you beent.«ee
dialog: just before?
text: & momerit, as Scottie takes a deep breath, and then
text: he decides to chance it and see the reaction. “
dialog: . Scottie
dialog: The Palace of the Legion of
dialog: Honor. The Art Gallery.
speaker_heading: . MADELEINE
dialog: (Enthusiastically)
dialog: Oh, that's a lovely spot, isn't
dialog: it? “I've never been inside. -But
text: it ‘Looks so lovely, driving past.
dialog: At the words, "Itve never been inside,” Scottie is
text: Startled. He stares at her, and she looks at him
text: with naive,. happy inquisitiveness, ani and their looks
text: are joined. Finally she drops her eyes and smiles
dialog: timidly. :
dialog: (sortiy}
dialog: Lucky. for me.you were wandering
dialog: about. Thank you again. I've
dialog: been a-terrible bother to you.
speaker_heading: . . SCOTTIE
dialog: No. tee
text: Shs reaches up to feel her hair,
speaker_heading: ~ MADELEINE
dialog: When you....
dialog: . {And suddenly conscious
dialog: .of her nakedness again,
dialog: and embarrassed)
dialog: There were pins in my hair....
dialog: (Cont sued)
dialog: 
dialog: ? am FROM AMONG THE DEAD 53. |
speaker_heading: CO 151. (Cont'd) , |
dialog: / - .
dialog: co! ScoTTiE |
dialog: ny Ohl Yes! Hered
text: He crosses the room swiftly, picks up an ash tray “|
text: ‘in which he had deposited her nairpins, takes her |
text: handbag from a chair, and brings them to her.
dialog: Thank you. ° : |
dialog: ~ :
text: She proceeds to do \up her hair. He watches her,
text: held by the movement of her beady under the dressing
text: : gown as she raises her arms ani deftly sets about
text: Ox putting her hair in order. At one point, as she °
text: - works, she looks up and flashes him a direct smile.
speaker_heading: : MADELEINE
dialog: | : You shouldn't have brought me
dialog: here, you know. :
dialog: rw)
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CO: SCOTTIE . |
dialog: : I..e- didn't know where you :
dialog: lived, -
speaker_heading: ’ *” MADELEINE
dialog: | N (Smiling)
dialog: ow You could have looked in my car. ;
dialog: Oh, but you didn't know ay car, :
dialog: did you? - '
speaker_heading: . ScOoTTIs
dialog: Yes, I kmew which one it was. .
dialog: ,2 It's ont there, now. But I
dialog: / didn't think you'd want to be
dialog: brought home that way.
dialog: No, you're right.
dialog: a “ " (Pause, as she woris)
dialog: i I™m glad you didn't take me
dialog: home... I wouldn't have mown
dialog: you, to thank you...
dialog: ‘" (Suddenly appalled}
dialog: . o Oh, but I don't imow youl And
dialog: 2 you don't Know me! My name is
dialog: i - Madeleine Elster, -
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: My name is John Ferguson.
dialog: © c- : : That's a good, strong name. Do
dialog: your-friends call you Jean? or
dialog: Jack, : :
dialog: “ Gal2=57 (Continued)
scene_heading: ms FROM AMONG TRE DEAD She
speaker_heading: O - 191, (Cont'd)
dialog: . Sscorfriz : ,
dialog: - John, Old friends. Acquaintances : 1
dialog: 4 : call me Scottie. .
dialog: . : MADELEINE . \
dialog: ' (Smiling) .
dialog: ©. I shall call you Mr. Ferguson.
dialog: } : . ScorTiE : '
dialog: . . (Grinning)
dialog: No, I wouldn't like that. And
dialog: i . after what happened today I should
dialog: oO : think you could call me Scottie. ,
dialog: 2 Or even John.
speaker_heading: . MADELEINE
dialog: _i prefer John. There, that's
dialog: done. -
dialog: “ (The hair is in order)
dialog: Ca. And what do you do, John?
speaker_heading: ‘SCOTTIE
dialog: Wander about.
speaker_heading: & ; MADELEINE
dialog: ow . : ’ That's a good occupation, And
dialog: : live-here...alone? :
text: He nods, A cloud comes over her eyes. She looks -
dialog: . away.
speaker_heading: ero ‘ ‘ MADELEINE
dialog: : ' {Sertiy)
dialog: One shouldn't live alone.
speaker_heading: * SCORTTE
dialog: Some people prefer it.
speaker_heading: = 4 MADELEINE
dialog: : No...it's wrong. : .
text: Then she looks up with a small amile, and the cloud
text: : is gone from her eyes, and she speaks completely
dialog: > . matter-of-factly.
dialog: (Simply)
dialog: Itm married, you kmow.
text: G : Scottie nods almost imperceptibly with his eyes,
text: oO (- He looks at her for a long moment. Then:
speaker_heading: peLesb7
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: .
text: ms : FROM AMONG THE DEAD 55.
dialog: }
dialog: CY 151. (Cont ta) . |
dialog: : : |
speaker_heading: o SCOTTIE
dialog: WL1l you tell me something? : :
dialog: Has this ever happened to you |
dialog: before? |
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
speaker_heading: Cc (Startled)
dialog: 3 What? Lo
speaker_heading: | _ SCOTTIE
dialog: | 7 pling +. into San
dialog: | . Prane sco Bay?
dialog: She laughs with relief, for it seemed to her, for '
dialog: * quick, moment, that he was going to say "falling
dialog: m love’.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: : No, never before. I've fallen
dialog: Dy . into lakes, out of rowboats, when
dialog: Iwes a little girl, And I fell
text: into a river, once, trying to leap
dialog: : from one stone to another. But . °
dialog: _- I've never fallen into San Francisco
dialog: “Bay. Have you? Ever before?
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: (Grinning)
dialog: No,... this is the first tim
dialog: for me, too. :
dialog: ow
text: And they laugh together, with genuine warmth and
text: friendliness in their eyes, and it is obvious they
dialog: are very much taken with each other, And as they
text: laugh, simltaneously, she reaches for the cup of
text: coffee, to take another sip, and he reaches for it,
dialog: meaning to take it and refill it.
speaker_heading: Ed . SCOTTIE
dialog: : . : Here, let me give you a lit--
text: And his hand falls on her outstretched arm and stays
text: . there, and with the contact made, the laughter dies
text: 5 suddenly, and he is looking down at her intently,
text: oo and their eyes have met, and hers are anxious and
text: ° : wondering. And at that moment, the telephone rings
text: sharply. Scottie races into the bedroom, closing
text: the door behind him, and gets to the phone.
speaker_heading: yj SCOTTIE
dialog: | & Hello.
dialog: < 2
speaker_heading: CL
speaker_heading: WW
dialog: 
dialog: ce ms FROM AMONG THE DEAD 56,
speaker_heading: Cc) 12. (Cont 1a) , :
speaker_heading: o a | BLSTER'S VOICE
dialog: Scottie, what happened? She's
text: not home, yet.
dialog: 
dialog: | scorrrs
dialog: . No, she's all right. She's still
dialog: OD . here, But I'll get her home soon,
speaker_heading: ELSTER'S VOICE
dialog: What happened?
dialog: |
dialog: | . .. SCOTTIE :
dialog: Pp , : | She...went into the Bay.
dialog: © >:
text: There is a long silence.
speaker_heading: ‘ SCOTTIE
dialog: - Hello?
speaker_heading: O23 a - ELSTER'S VOICE
dialog: (Dally)
dialog: ‘Did she hurt herself?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: < No. She's in fine shape. :
dialog: Ow . Nothing to worry about. But
dialog: she doesn't know. You under=
dialog: a stand that. She doesn't know
dialog: what she did. :
dialog: Another * long silence.
speaker_heading: ELSTER'S VOICE
dialog: Scottie... Madeleine is
dialog: twenty-six, Carlotta Valdes
dialog: committed suicide when she
dialog: / was twenty-six. :
text: ceo . And now it is Scottie's turn to be silent. He
text: hangs up slowly and moves across the room to the
dialog: oor.
scene_heading: 3 152. INT. THE LIVING ROOM - (reer )
text: ‘The room is empty. The clothes are gone from the
text: line in the kitchen..
scene_heading: oO ¢ ~ 153. ‘ EXT, STREET OUTSIDE SCOTTIS'S APARTMENT - (NIGHT) —
text: A car is moving down the Bill on the opposite side
dialog: 9-12-57
dialog: 
text: Scottie enters from the bedroom, and” stops, ‘surprised.,
dialog: 
dialog: \o
speaker_heading: Om
dialog: Q
dialog: Q
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 57.
speaker_heading: 153. (cont'a)
dialog: 153A.
dialog: 15h.
dialog: 155.
dialog: 156..
dialog: 157.
dialog: 158,
dialog: 9-12-57
text: of the street. It begins to turn in toward the side-
text: walk and then comes to a sudden stop.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTIE'S APARTMENT - (NIGHT) - CLOSEUP
text: Midge is behind the wheel. She is staring out of the
text: side of the window and we see what has made her come
text: to a sudden stop.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTIE'S APARTMENT - (NIGHT)
text: From Midge's point of view; Madeleine, outside
text: Scottie's door, hurries to the green Jaguar.
scene_heading: INT, MIDGE'S CAR - (NIGHT)
text: Midge watches Madeleine almost wistfully, and there
text: is a small look of hurt in her eyes, But even to
text: herself she has to cover, and she smiles ironically.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT, SCOTTIE'S APARTMENT . (NIGHT)
text: The Jaguar pulls away and passes out of view.
scene_heading: INT. MIDGE!S CAR - (NIGHT)
text: Midge is still staring across at Scottie's house,
text: and the soft smile on her lips covers the hurt
text: well. But there is still a shadow of it in her eyes.
dialog: ’ (Softly)
dialog: feats OOM sont Aaa
dialog: las ita st?... And was
dialog: TE LUN? .. cee Poecees
text: Then she suddenly changes expression.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Oops .
text: She takes her foot off the brake, and turning hard on
text: the wheel, straightens the car up and drives on.
scene_heading: EXD, SCOTTIE'S APARTMENT - (NIGHT)
text: The door to Scottie's apartment has opened, and
text: Scottie stands in the doorway looking up and down
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: >
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 58.
speaker_heading: 158, (Cont'd)
dialog: 159.
text: the street for the Jaguar, his tall frame silhouetted
text: in the light streaming from the room.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BROCKLEBANK APTS. - (DAY) - LONG SHOT
text: The CAMERA is SHOOTING through the stone gateway
text: across the small courtyard toward the front door of
text: the apartments. We see Madeleine emerge. She is
text: dressed completely different from the night before.
text: She makes her way down to the Jaguar in the f.g.
text: She gets in, starts up and swings the car round
text: toward the CAMERA. She passes out of the picture.
dialog: 160,
dialog: 161.
dialog: 162.
dialog: 163.
scene_heading: EXD, BROCKLEBANK APTS. - (DAY) - LONG SHOT
text: Across the street, we see Scottie's sedan pull out
text: and also approach the CAMERA. It-too, passes out
dialog: of the picture.
scene_heading: INT, SCOTTIE'S CAR - (DAY) - CLOSEUP
text: Scottie sitting at the wheel driving ahead, His
text: eyes ‘are satisfied. They hold Madeleine's car in
dialog: view. : :
scene_heading: EXD. SAN FRANCISCO STREET - (DAY) - LONG SHO?
text: We see the Jaguar ahead, It turns left down another
text: street. It goes for a block and turns right. Then
text: it turms left again, then it turns right, then it
text: turns left again.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT, SCOTTIE'S CAR - (DAY) - CLOSEUP
text: Scottie looks a little dizzy with the constant turn-
dialog: _ ing. We stay with him a little while and we can see
dialog: 164.
dialog: 9-12-57
text: from the scene behind him, that we are still turning :
dialog: left and right.
scene_heading: EXD, SAN FRANCISCO. STREET - (DAY) - LONG SHOT
text: The Jaguar speeds up. It's going down a street,
dialog: not turning any more. A few blocks-off, we can
text: see the Coit Tower coming into view.
dialog: 
dialog: 165.
dialog: 166.
dialog: 167.
dialog: - 268,
dialog: 169.
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 59.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - (DAY) - CLOSEUP
text: Scottie seems a little mystified now, as the direc-
dialog: tion in which she is going.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO STREET - (DAY) - LONG SHOT
text: The Jaguar turns right into a narrow curving street
text: and finally comes to a sudden stop ahead.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - (DAY) - CLOSEUP
text: Scottie now wears & look of great astonishment, as
text: he pulls up hurriedly in the middle of the street.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO STREET - (DAY) - SEMI-LONG SHOT
dialog: From his viewpoint, we see the reason for his aston-
text: ishment. Madeleine has alighted and is approaching,
text: of all places, toward his own red front door.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT; SAN FRANCISCO STREET - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Scottie pulis his car over to the curb and gets out.
text: The C. PANS him down. He stops short just before
text: he reaches Madeleine, to see her take a letter from
text: her handbag and put it into his letter box. He moves
dialog: up to her.
dialog: Scorfris
dialog: Is that for me?
text: Madeleine turns quickly, startled, and then sees
text: who it is, and smiles,
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Ohi Yes. Hello.
dialog: - Scorrig
dialog: Good mo: . I worried about
dialog: you, last night. You shouldn't
dialog: have ron like that.
speaker_heading: MAD!
dialog: (Embarrassed)
dialog: I.... suddenly felt such a fool. ©
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: I wanted to drive you home. Are
dialog: you all right?
speaker_heading: 9u12-57 (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: wz
dialog: 169.
dialog: ©
dialog: >
dialog: ao
dialog: Om,
dialog: a?
dialog: az >
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: C
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 60.
dialog: (Contra) . |
speaker_heading: MADELEINES
dialog: (Flashing a smile) '
dialog: Oh, yes. Fins. No after effects.
dialog: (Then, ruefully)
dialog: But as I remember now, that water
dialog: was cold, wasn't it?
dialog: (He nods.- She -
dialog: leoks away)
dialog: What a terrible thing to doses.
dialog: and you were so kind..see.
dialog: (With a gesture)
dialog: It's a formal thank-you letter.
dialog: And a great big apology.
speaker_heading: : SCOTTIE
dialog: You've nothing to apologize for.
speaker_heading: , MADELEINE
dialog: Oh, yes! ‘The whole thing must have
dialog: peen so-embarrassing for youl
speaker_heading: SCOTTIEs
dialog: Not at ali, I enjoyed----
text: And he stops short, now truly embarrassed, and she
text: looks at him with wide eyes, waiting for him to go on.
speaker_heading: . ScOrTirs
dialog: wore talicing to you.s....
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: (With small, contained
dialog: amusement )
dialog: I enjoyed talking to you.
text: An awkward pause. Scottie turns abruptly to the door
dialog: getting cut his key. v a
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: Itll get my mail..ee
text: He epens the door and bends down to pick. up the letter.
text: As he is reaching for it, he turns his head and speaks
text: almost without thinking.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE —
dialog: Would you like some coffee?
dialog: bus
dialog: (Quickly)
dialog: Noi No, thank you!
speaker_heading: ‘(Contimea)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Co 169.
dialog: o
dialog: Q
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: (L,
dialog: 
dialog: sad ‘Qal2—57
dialog: 
text: EROM song TEE OasD . él.
dialog: (cont'd)
text: She says it so impulsively, and with such young
text: vehemence, that they both start to laugh. He
text: straightens up and opens the letter.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: I couldn't mail it; I didn't
dialog: ‘mow your address. But I had
dialog: @ landmark. I remembered Coit
dialog: Tower and it led me straight to
dialog: yous.
speaker_heading: : * ScOrTie
dialog: The first time Itve been grateful
dialog: for Coit Tower, -
text: He reads the letter as she watches him. He looks up.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: I i hope we will, too.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: What?
dialog: " scorr1e
dialog: Meet again, sometime.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: We have.
dialog: ‘They smile at one another, and there is a nice moment
text: of silent rapport. Then:
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Goodbys. .
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: Goodbye.
text: She turns and goes to her car as he stands watching
text: her, and gets in behind the wheel.
dialog: Sudde: alcing
dialog: mere St Pt )
text: "and he reces to the cat and leans in the window. she
text: Theat hin, open-mouthed, as he erosses the sidewalk.
dialog: ne
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: I don't know,
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: wo
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EROM AMONG THE DEAD 62.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Shopping?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: . SCOfTIE
dialog: Well..... anywhere in particular?
speaker_heading: : MADELEINE
dialog: No, I just thought I'd wander.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Ah. .
dialog: (Then)
dialog: That's what I was going to do.
speaker_heading: . MADELEINE
dialog: Oh, yes, I forgot: it's your
dialog: occupation, isn't it? .
text: And she waits, with a small smile.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Don't you think it's sort of
dialog: a waste for the two of us toes
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Wender separately? Ah, but only
text: one is a wanderer. Two, together,
dialog: -are always going somewhere.
dialog: . ScorTis :
dialog: No..... no, I don't think that's
dialog: necessarily true. - :
text: And now he waits, hopefully.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: (With a smiling nod)
dialog: You left your door open.
text: He turns his head, startled and annoyed, then makes
text: a dash for the door. As he goes, he turms his head
dialog: to call back to her.
speaker_heading: ScOTTIE
dialog: Don't moved
text: And he hurries on to the door, She watches him
text: go, and we are close on her face to see her
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 169.
dialog: 170.
dialog: i722.
dialog: 172.
dialog: 173.
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 63.
dialog: (Cont'd) :
text: gemuine amusement, and ther the laughter fades
text: é little, and a troubled look comes into her
text: eyes, a touch of concern.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: EXT. ALONG SKYLINE DRIVE - (DAY) - LONG SHOT
text: The green Jaguar moving south. :
scene_heading: INT. THE JAGUAR - (DAY)
text: Madeleine is at the wheel, her eyes intent on the
text: road, a soft, happy smile on her lips. Scottie
text: is at her side, relaxed. He keeps looking at her
text: as often as he can without. seeming obvious.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (Finally) :
dialog: Do you know where youtre going? :
speaker_heading: MADELEINE “
dialog: Of course not! I'm a wanderer!
dialog: (Pause. .Then brightly)
dialog: Itd like to go somewhere tive
dialog: never been!
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: How can you be sure?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: If I've been there? That's silly!
dialog: Either you've been to a place or -
dialog: you haven't. .
text: She flashes a quick smile of innocencé at him, then
text: returns her eyes to the road. He looks at her :
dialog: profile, wondering. +
scene_heading: EXD. SKYLINE DRIVE - (DAY) - HIGH SHOT ~
text: The car turns a bend and approaches” dark woods ~~
text: and moves into the blacimess and is swallowed up.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE T0:
scene_heading: EXT. BIG BASIN REDWOODS STATE FARK - (DAY)
text: The empty Jaguar in the foreground. The CAMERA
text: MOVES toa long view of the grove of redwoods.
speaker_heading: 9-12257 (Continued )
dialog: 
dialog: Oo
dialog: a
dialog: om,
dialog: \ .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD _ 6h
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: In the distance we see the figures « of Madeleine
text: and Scottie wandering among the towering trees.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EX?. THE REDWOODS - (DAY) .
text: Madeleine and Scottie near the massive trunk of
text: atree, Beyond them, the small stream, bridged by
text: a wide flattened redwood log.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: How o1d?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE .
dialog: Oh... some, two thousand years, Y
dialog: om more. .
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: The oldest living things?
text: Scottie nods and watches her, wondering, as she
text: looks about thoughtfully. .
dialog: '
speaker_heading: ScoTrTrze .
dialog: You've never been here before.
text: ‘She shakes her head, lost in thought as she lets
text: her gaze wander among the trees.
speaker_heading: . _ SCOTTIE
dialog: . What are you thinking?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: (Searching )
dialog: Of all the people who have been
dialog: born.... and have died.... while
dialog: the trees went on living.
speaker_heading: “ SCOTTIE
dialog: greeiag) 7
dialog: Their true name id Sequota
dialog: Sempervirens: always green,
dialog: ever-living.
dialog: : (riatay) : .
dialog: IT don't like.them.
speaker_heading: . ScOTTTE
dialog: way? . oe
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: “9x12-57
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JB
speaker_heading: 17h. (Cont'd)
dialog: Go12-57
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 65.
speaker_heading: MADELINE _
dialog: (Simply)
dialog: Knowing I have to die.....
text: She looks up at him with a shy, embarrassed smile.
text: Then, seeing the wondering look in his eyes, she
text: brightens quickly.
dialog: But I like the stream! It's
dialog: a lovely stream! : .
text: She leaves him and moves quickly out onto the
text: bridge and leans on the railing to watch the water
text: rippling helow. And then, as he approaches: her,
text: she turns and looks at him, wide-eyed. ,
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: But it makes no sound! Listen!
text: She listens intensely for a long moment, and looks
text: at him anxiously.
speaker_heading: . MADELEINE
dialog: Do you hear anything?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Shaking his head)
dialog: only silence. It's always like
dialog: Se :
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: (Wonder ing)
dialog: And no birds sing.
speaker_heading: : SCOTTIE
dialog: No birds live here.
dialog: No. . a eee oe we .
text: She turns away with gentle, somber, self-contained
text: wonder, and they cross back to the path in silence,
text: and wander on along the path in silence. We watch
text: them move away in the distance, disappear behind
text: a tree, then come into view again, and now there
text: ‘eomes into view the cross-section of a redwood
text: tree that is on exhibit, with certain of its rings
dialog: marked to show what it has lived through, and they
dialog: approach it.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: "
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Y
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 66.
dialog: (Cont ta)
speaker_heading: , SCOTTIE
dialog: Would you like a drink of water?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: No, thank you.
text: Scottie moves to the small upright drinking fountain
text: as Madeleine approaches the tree section and stands
text: pefore it and studies it. Scottie gets a drink of
text: water, then comes up behind Madeleine and stands,
text: and she is seemingly unaware of his presence. Their
text: backs are to the CAMERA.
text: INSERT OF RINGS on the tree, marked with dates,
text: beginning near the center with the date 909 A.D.
text: and ending with 1930 - trée cut-down.
dialog: r
scene_heading: EXT. RED WOODS - (DAY) - CLOSE SHOT
text: .We see the two profiles: Madeleine staring at the
text: tree, Scottie staring at Madeleine. She raises
text: one gloved hand and almost idly begins to trace
text: a finger up along the white line that is marked:
text: 1776 DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE. And as the hand
text: -moves'a little to the left, Madeleine begins to
text: _ speak, almost vacantly, oblivious of all but this
dialog: piece of tree, and herself,
speaker_heading: a ‘MADELEINE
dialog: Somewhere in here I was born....
dialog: Seeee and here I died..... and
dialog: it was only a moment for yousee.
dialog: eccesse Fou took no notice...
dialog: Scorris
dialog: “" (Almost sharply)
dialog: Madeleine] . -
text: She turns her head to him, only now aware of his
text: presence, and stares at him without expression.
text: Then slowly she turns and walks away, and the
text: CAMERA, PANNING HER SLIGHTLY, brings the head and
text: shoulders of Scottie into the foreground, and he
text: watches her, wondering anxiously, trying to put
text: things together in his mind. Madeleine walks on
text: until. she disappears behind one of the distant
dialog: redwoods.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: “ am
dialog: (> 177.
speaker_heading: QL
dialog: ,
dialog: 178,
dialog: © a
dialog: |
dialog: ) 179.
dialog: ® >
dialog: 180,
dialog: 0°
dialog: . 182,
dialog: &
dialog: om
dialog: ! 182,
dialog: 1 } 2
dialog: 183.
dialog: 2 =
dialog: .
dialog: 18h.
dialog: 5
dialog: |
dialog: gues:
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 67.
scene_heading: EXT. RED WOODS - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Scottie moves over, watching her.
scene_heading: EXT, RED WOODS - (DAY) - LONG SHOT .
text: The CAMERA MOVES OVER as though it is Scottie
text: looking. It MOVES far enough to reveal that
text: Madeleine is no longer there. She seems to have
dialog: disappeared.
scene_heading: EXT. RED.WooDS ~ (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Scottie comes forward, the CAMERA PANNING him, to
dialog: get a better view of where Madeleine went.
scene_heading: EXT, RED WOODS - (DAY) - SEMI-Lone SHOT
text: fhe CAMERA in Scottie's position, moving around,
text: shows that there is no sign of Madeleine whatsoever.
scene_heading: EXT. RED WOODS = (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The CAMERA DOLLIES Scottie down toward the trees.
scene_heading: ~ EXE. RED WOODS - (DAY) - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: CAMERA is now among the trees where Madeleine was
text: last seen, As it VELS across them, it finally
text: brings her into view. She's leaning against a
text: tree with her head bent back,
scene_heading: EXT, RED WOODS - (DAY) - CLOSEUP
text: Scottie “comes to a stop as he sees her.
scene_heading: EXD. RED WOODS ~ (DAY) - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Madeleine leaning against the tree. Her eyes
text: are closed and she is breathing heavily. In
text: the background we see Scottie approaching her.
text: As he comes up to her, the CAMERA EASES BACK
text: and MOVES AROUND until it faces her and Scottie.
dialog: Scottie
dialog: (Gently)
dialog: Madeleine.....
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: wv
dialog: 
text: vp FROM AMONG THE DEAD 68.
speaker_heading: 18h. (Cont'd)
text: sue opens her eyes slowly, and looks at him,
text: recognizing him, and yet not quite, as though she
text: were slightly hypnotized. Scottie speaks gently.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Where are you now?
speaker_heading: . INE
dialog: . (sottay aistant1y)
dialog: ‘ Here with you. i
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: The tall trees....
speaker_heading: o SCOTTIE
dialog: Have you been here before?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE :
dialog: Yes....
speaker_heading: ScOoTrTiE
dialog: _ When?
text: She shakes her héad.
speaker_heading: SCcoTTis
dialog: When weré you born?
speaker_heading: . MADELEINE
dialog: Long ago....
dialog: scortis
dialog: Where?
dialog: She shakes her Head, _
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: When?
text: , Her head continues to move back and forth, gently
text: denying. His voice is more positive, now, more
text: urgently demanding.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: ell me.
text: The head moves more rapidly, now, as though denying
text: some inner complusion.
dialog: a
dialog: 9012-57
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: oo 18h.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: vw
dialog: "9212-57
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 69
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: ‘SCOTTIE
dialog: Madeleine! Tell me!
text: The rapidly moving head stops short, and her eyes
text: open wide, and she cries out:
speaker_heading: - MADELEINE
dialog: Nolecccoee Hod
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Low and urgent)
dialog: Tell me what it is. Where do
dialog: you go? What takes you away?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: No, don't ask me}
text: They are both speaking quickly, now, the words
dialog: eascading without pause. , ,
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: When you jumped in the bay, you
dialog: didn't kmow where you were. You
dialog: . guessed but you didn't lmow,
dialog: She is
speaker_heading: MADELEINE:
dialog: z didn't jump, t fell! you told
dialog: me I fell}
speaker_heading: " SCOPTIE
dialog: Why did you jump?
speaker_heading: : MADELEINE
dialog: Nol :
speaker_heading: , SCOTTIE
dialog: What was it inside that bold you
dialog: to jomp?
text: fighting it strongly, yet pathetically.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: No, I can't tell youl -
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: What?$ :
dialog: (Strongly).
dialog: No} Please! please, please,
dialog: please, please, don't ask mel
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: aw . FROM AMONG THE DEAD 70.
speaker_heading: 18k. (Cont'd)
text: And her head drops, and she sags, and Scottie stands
text: quietly watching her, knowing he can push it no fur-
dialog: ther.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: : (Softly, tired)
dialog: a Take me away from here...?
speaker_heading: QO.
speaker_heading: ScoTTie
dialog: Home?
text: esse Somewhere in the light.
dialog: Os
dialog: ~
text: He takes her arm. She looks up at him with a tired
dialog: smile. . . :
text: , MADELEINE .
dialog: vo And promise you won't ask me
dialog: again. Please promise me that.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: UG
text: . He looks down at her somberly, promising and re-
text: | fusing nothing. They start walking, holding to-
text: . gether, and the two figures become small in the
text: | os : distance, moving away through the tall trees.
dialog: | y
scene_heading: ow DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: 185. EXT. CYPRESS POINT OR POINT LOBOS - (DAY) Same day.
text: Below'the point of land, the sea pounds against ths
text: a? rocks, Madeleine stands alone, silhouetted against
text: : : the sky. Scottie’ sits in the car, watching her.
text: She does not move. Then slowly she starts to wik
text: toward the sea, and as he watches he senses, with-
text: out being sure, that her pace is increasing, and
text: suddenly he opens the car door and jumps out and .
text: ib slams the door and begins to run. But then’ he sees
text: aA . something, and slows.down quickly and walls, for
text: Madéleine has stopped and turned and is waiting for
text: Bim." There is a gentle, apologetic smile in her -
text: eyes She waits, and he comes to a stop before
speaker_heading: Pe “
speaker_heading: . MADELEINE
dialog: ‘Why did you run?
dialog: 
text: He looks down at her searchingly.
dialog: ms _ Scottie
dialog: \‘— (Finally, quietly)
dialog: I'm responsible for you now, you
dialog: 
dialog: “ ‘9e12=57 (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: > aw / FROM AMONG THE DEAD mn.
dialog: a 185. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: cd SCOTTIE
dialog: IC mow. The Chinese say that once
dialog: > you have saved someone's life, you
dialog: are responsible for it forever.
dialog: And so I'm. committed. And I have
dialog: to lmow. .
scene_heading: oO. MADELEINE
dialog: - And you'll go on saving me? Again
dialog: and again?
text: He waits, She looks down.
speaker_heading: . : MADELEINE
dialog: 2 9 . There is so little I mow. It
dialog: is as though I were walking down
dialog: a long corridor that once was
text: mirrored, and fragments of mirror
text: still hang there, dark and shadowy,
dialog: reflecting a dark image of me....
dialog: and yet not me.... someone else,
dialog: in other clothes, of another time,
dialog: doing things I have never done....
dialog: but still me.... And I can't stop
dialog: to ask why, I must keep on walking.
text: At the end of the corridor there is
dialog: nothing but darimess, dnd I lmow
dialog: when I walk into the darkness, I'll
dialog: es
dialog: 
dialog: (Pause; she looks up)
dialog: But I've never come to the end; I've
dialog: @lways come back, before then. Ex-
dialog: t 2 cept once.
speaker_heading: * SCOTTIE
dialog: Yesterday. -
text: She nods. a
dialog: & ? wee SCOTTIE -
dialog: Aid’ you didn't know. You didn't
dialog: know what happened. Until you
dialog: ., found yourself there with me.
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ‘ ScoTTrE .
dialog: You don't knew where you were.
text: _ She shakes her pad,
speaker_heading: c . SCOTTIE
dialog: wu
dialog: But the small scenes, the fragments
dialog: ~ in the mirror: you remember them.
dialog: 
dialog: = 9012-57 (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a aw
speaker_heading: 185. (cont'a)
dialog: 
dialog: +
speaker_heading: 9212-57
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 72.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Vaguely....
dialog: Scottie
dialog: What. do you remember?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: (Searching)
text: A room.... there is a room, and
dialog: I sit there alons.... always alone....
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Would you know the room?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: No.... it's in shadow.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: A grave...
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE .
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: I don't know. An open grave.
text: ‘I. stand by the gravestone looking
dialog: down into it. And it's my grave.
speaker_heading: : ScorTTis
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: . MADELEINE
dialog: I. know.
speaker_heading: ScorTrTiz
text: There's a name on the gravestone.
speaker_heading: 7 MapereTNE
dialog: No. It's new and clean, and
dialog: waiting.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: " (Beginning to feel 1ost)
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: (Searching) - . .
dialog: This part is” deeam, I think, There
dialog: is a tower... and a bell.... and-
dialog: a@ garden below... but it seems to
dialog: be in Spain.... a village in Spain.”
text: And then it clicks off, and is gone.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: wm
dialog: oo 185.
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: cc
dialog: 2
dialog: © 5
speaker_heading: ‘D5
dialog: om
dialog: 4
dialog: es?
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: aX
dialog: i, _
dialog: 9=12=57'
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD
dialog: (Cont? a) .
speaker_heading: . ScOT?IE
dialog: A portrait? Do you ever see a
dialog: portrait? .
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: No.
dialog: Scottie
text: Of the woman in the mirror.
dialog: you kmow her if you saw her?
dialog: Would
speaker_heading: MADELEINE:
dialog: But Iim the women in the mirror!
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Desperately)
dialog: Not
text: She looks up at him, rebuffed, desperately lost, and
text: her eyes well with tears. Scottie is looking away,
text: lost in thought.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (To himself)
dialog: If I could find the keysee.e
dialog: find the beginning.... put it
dialog: together...e.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: (Quietly, lost)
dialog: And so explain it away? But
dialog: there is a way to explain it,
dialog: see. If I'm mad? That
dialog: would explain it, wouldn't it?
text: Scottie looks at her, and her eyes are big with fright
text: and despair and a plea for denial, and suddenly she
text: breaks, and the tears flow, and she turns her head
text: sway’ sharply and turms and runs toward the edge of the
dialog: ° .
speaker_heading: : SCOTTIE .
dialog: Madeleines!
text: He races after her and catches her and holds her » and
text: she is against him, clinging tightly, deep in his
dialog: embrace, end sobbi.ag fiercely. ,
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: (Muffled, against nay
dialog: breast)
dialog: It not mad. I'm not mad. And
dialog: I-don't want to-die, but there's
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 186,
dialog: u
speaker_heading: O
speaker_heading: — 185, (cont'd)
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 7h.
speaker_heading: ’ MADELEINE (Cont'd) ;
dialog: someone inside me, there's some-
dialog: body else, and she says I mst
dialog: GLe..... Scottis, don't let me gol
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: I'm here, I've got you.....
speaker_heading: : MADELEINE
dialog: Itm so afraid..ec. : '
dialog: : (She looks. up) .
dialog: eecos YOU won't let it happen....
text: Her face is. close to his and they are clinging
text: tightly together. He shakes his head, and then
text: suddenly his mouth is on hers, and they are deep
text: in a kiss, Their lips part, but remain close
dialog: together. :
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: Don't leave me.... stay
dialog: with me... :
speaker_heading: SCOTTiz
dialog: All the time, .
text: They kiss again, passionately. And the wind blows,
text: and the waves dash against the rocks, throwing up
text: a curtain of spray.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIDGE'S APARTMENT - (NIGHT) _ -
text: Outside the terrace darkness is falling, and the
text: lights of the city have come on. In Midge's ~
text: apartment the lights are on and soft music: comes
dialog: from the radio (possibly “progressive jazz" of
text: the gentle George Shearing kind). Midge is
text: painting at a standing easel; she hes a palette;
dialog: obviously she is painting in olls. We cannot
text: see what she is painting; the canvas on stretchers
text: has its back to us. Its size is about by
text: forty inches. Whatever it is, it seems to please
text: hert she pauses in her work, picks up a highball
text: from a table nearby, drinks and stares at the
text: painting and giggles a little to herself, then
text: applies a few more daubs. Now ahe hears the out-
text: side gate slam. She puts down the brush and the
text: drink, moves the easel a bit so that the canvas
text: cannot be seen from the front door, picks up a
dialog: (Continued }
dialog: 
dialog: Oo
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 75.
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: water tumbler that contains a small nosegay, and
text: hurries out to the kitchen with it. The door to
text: the apartment slams.
dialog: Scor
dialog: ( calling)
dialog: Midge?
text: Midge hurries out of the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: HL, Jobnny! Did you get my
dialog: message? : ~e
text: She immediately goes to the small sideboard or
text: table on which are bottles, glasses, and ice,
text: and mixes him a highball. Scottie is at ease.
text: He drops his hat on a chair near the door and
text: wanders into the room. -
dialog: I did sinse shen do
dialog: * ce when you go
dialog: about slipping notes under
dialog: men's doors?
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Since I stopped being able to
dialog: get them on the phone. For a
dialog: man who has nothing to do, you're
dialog: certainly a busy little bee.
dialog: Where do you go, these days?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Just. wander.
speaker_heading: : MIDGE
dialog: Where?
dialog: ' scorrre
dialog: Around. .
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Oh?
text: She hands him the drink. He takes a dong pull
text: at it as she watches hin.
speaker_heading: ScomtTiIzE
dialog: Mm. Better.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Did you need it?
dialog: (Continued )
text: ° 3B _.. FROM AMONG THE DEAD 76.
dialog: 186. (Cont'd) _ “os
speaker_heading: _ SCOTTIE
dialog: co : Yeah.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: j oh?
text: She crosses the room to get her own 1 drink, giving
text: D a flick of a glance at the canvas as she goes.
text: 2 . Scottie watches her, slightly amused, lmowing
text: - that her curiosity is working like mad.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE :
dialog: What was this desperate urge
dialog: to see net
speaker_heading: MIDGE .
dialog: All I said in the note was: nhere -
dialog: are you?" That doesn't sound
dialog: desperate to me. -
speaker_heading: O° SCOTTIE
dialog: Well, I detected an undercurrent.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: I just thought if I gave you a
dialog: drink and fed you some dinner,
dialog: you'd be so grateful youtd take
dialog: me to a movie.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Fair enough. What'll we talk
dialog: ‘ about at dinner?
speaker_heading: a MIDGE
dialog: . Oh.... this and that.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE ©
dialog: What I've been doing?
dialog: a , “ * 'MIDGE _
dialog: If you went toe Naturally, we
dialog: : won't talk about anything you
dialog: don!t want to talk about.
speaker_heading: . : * SCOTTIE
dialog: : . Naturally. :
dialog: Oo?)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAUSE
speaker_heading: / MIDGE
dialog: ¢ (Innocently)
dialog: : What have you been doing?
dialog: 912-57) : (Continued)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 6
dialog: v
speaker_heading: G
dialog: ws
dialog: u
dialog: 
dialog: 7 {Cont td)
dialog: ‘gules?
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD TT.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: . “(With a small grin)
dialog: Wandering.
text: He takes ariother long pull and. wanders over.and”
text: Sweetens the drink, Midge moves a little to block
text: his view of the easel and canvas.
dialog: 77" ™ scorTrs
dialog: What have you been doing?
text: He wanders back into the room.
dialog: on,” “I'm having a wonderful
dialog: time]. I've gone back to my
dialog: first love,..painting.
dialog: a “SCOTTIE ©
dialog: Good, ‘I've always aid you were
dialog: wasting. your time in the undere
dialog: wear department,
dialog: Well, itts a.living. But Itm
dialog: excited about this. : oo
dialog: _ 7.” scorrre
dialog: What is it, a still life?
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: “(Brightly) .
dialog: _ No, not exactly. Want to. see?
text: Sasttte moves toward the easel and Midge backs away,
text: So that as he comes around to face the canvas she is
text: beyond bim, in back.of him, ds he moves toward the
dialog: easel: :
dialog: As a matter of fact, I thought
dialog: I might give it to you.
dialog: 7 (sm ne, sur ris id)
dialog: ling, . surprise
dialog: oo OBE .
text: And now” he comes around to face the easel and stops
text: to look, Beyond him Midge's face has a great smile
dialog: of anticipation, And now we see what he sees. The
text: CAMERA RESTS on the lower half of the canvas and we
text: see the folds of the blue and gold gown, and the two
text: hands, one holding the nosegay.
dialog: (Continued)
speaker_heading: OA,
dialog: ‘
dialog: a
dialog: c
dialog: and
dialog: i)
speaker_heading: G
speaker_heading: G
dialog: 186,
dialog: 187.
dialog: 9n12 057!
scene_heading: FROM AMONG TEE DEAD 78.
dialog: (Gent '4)
text: The GAMERA PANS UP to reveal that it is a hasty but
dialog: quite creditable copy of the "Portrait of Carlotta",
dialog: half size. But there is one difference, The face
text: is Midga's face, .
scene_heading: IND. MIDGE'S APARTMENT - (NIGHT)
text: Scottia staring at the portrait. Beyond him, Midge
text: Smmlling-with anticipation. Scottie's face ia drained
text: ‘and expressionless, and a deep look-of sadness and
text: regret comes into his syes. PAUSE,
speaker_heading: ‘> SCOTTIE
dialog: : (Softiy) |.
dialog: Not funny, Midge. .
text: Midgets smile fades. She is puzzled and L surpeised,
text: Scottie puts down his drink gently and without looke
text: ing at her, starts for the door,
speaker_heading: - MIDGE
dialog: Johnny }
text: Scottie takes his hat from the chair and‘ moves on to
text: the door, Midge, completely taken aback, starts for
speaker_heading: MIDGE —
dialog: _Bat Johany, I.thought you would «=
text: She ‘breaks off as he turns his head to look at her,
text: Hets not at all angry, but disturbed inside and
dialog: sorry it happened,
speaker_heading: ‘SCOTTIE
dialog: (Nicely)
dialog: We'llimake that movie some
dialog: _. other night, buh?
text: And he’ goes out the door and closes it behind him,”
dialog: (De vateL Loge ti: )
text: jesperately apologetic
dialog: But Sobuny...$!3
text: “And she”stares at the door with a "Well-I!11-be-
text: demned" expression, And now, abruptly, she gets
text: angry at herself.
speaker_heading: . MIDGE
dialog: Ah, molt :
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 3 MK FROM AMONG THE DEAD 196
speaker_heading: 187. (Cont'd)
text: oe She turns away and moves toward the canvas.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Oh! Marjorie Wood!! You fool!!
text: She stops before the canvas and stares at her face
text: in the portrait. And all her anger at herself comes
text: ln out in one great blast of scorn. \
speaker_heading: MIDGE ‘
dialog: ' {At the portrait) |
dialog: : . : OHS332! : oF
text: . And she picks up a ‘brash and with three vicious danbs
text: B > . paints a moustache and a beard on her image. Then
dialog: : she throws the brush out the window, '
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
dialog: i)
scene_heading: 188, EXT, UNTON SQUARE - (NIGHT)
text: Tt is about 3 a.m. The Square is deserted -- perhaps an
text: odd taxi or car drives by. We see Scottie, a solitary
text: a figure, walking. By his attitude, head down, hands
text: oe thrust into his pockets, we see that he is lost in
text: Soo . thought -- wrestling with his problem.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: 189. “INT. SCOTTIE'S APARTMENT - (EARLY DAWN)
text: 4 - Seottie is in the easy chair facing the fire asleep.
text: His tie is loosened, his shirt is open at the neck.
text: It is clear that he fell asleep while sitting there
text: thinking of Madeleine, and. slept through the night.
text: The fire is almost out. Through the window we can
text: 3 : barely distinguish Coit Tower in the beginning of
dialog: Qo @ gray. dawn. amt
text: The doorbell begins to ring insistently. There is
text: @ kmocking on the door. Scottie awakens sharply,
text: gathers himself together, hurries to the door and
text: 3 opens it... Madeleine stands.there, looking shaken
text: ) . * and white and frightened. She is wearing a black
text: : suede jacket and black slacks. Behind her, fingers
text: of mist swirl in the lightening day. She stands
text: there staring at him pleadingly.
speaker_heading: y ScoTTIs
dialog: c . What's the matter?...What time
dialog: / is 1t?..,Madeleine, what's
dialog: ay happened? .
dialog: vod 9-12-57 (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 80.
dialog: 
dialog: (conta)
text: He draws her in and closes the door and leads her
text: into the room.
dialog: (Barely)
dialog: I should have phoned.... bat? I
dialog: wanted to see you... be with you...
speaker_heading: ScoTrTiE
dialog: Why? What's happened?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: ‘I had the dream. The dream came
dialog: back again....
text: She is trembling, and he holds her closely.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: _Itts all right, You're all right.
dialog: I'll get you some brandy.
text: He breaks away to a small cupboard nearby.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: (Sharply) -
dialog: No, don't go away!
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Only this far.
text: He gets out a bottle of brandy and. a small glass and
text: uncorks the bottle and pours the brandy as he comes
text: back to her,
speaker_heading: “SCOTEIE
dialog: Here, Straight down, It's
dialog: medicine.
text: She takes a sip and puts the glass away.
speaker_heading: ScoTTIE.
dialog: | Where! gs your husband?
scene_heading: --VADELETNE 7 vo
dialog: I didn't wake hin, I don't want
dialog: him to-knowWecesee -
text: She is still shaking.
speaker_heading: ScOTTIE
dialog: Here, now, it's going to be
dialog: all right. Here.
dialog: 61287 so - (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: ft
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: ‘L,
speaker_heading: Ww
dialog: 
dialog: 9-12-57
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 61.
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: He gently pushes her down in the easy chair, turns
text: swiftly and kicks up the fire and throws some wood
text: on. He pulls the low.stool up before her, sits on
text: it, and takes her hands,
speaker_heading: ScoTris
dialog: It was a dream, you're awake,
dialog: ‘you're all right, now. Can you
dialog: tell me?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: It was the tower again... and the
dialog: bell, and the old Spanish village.....
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Yesq<--
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: But clear.... so very clear...
dialog: for the first time... all of it....
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE .
dialog: There was a village square, a green
text: with trees..., and an old whitewashed
text: Spanish church with a cloister. Across
text: “the green: a big, grey, wooden house
text: with a porch and shutters and a balcony
text: above.... a small garden, and next to
text: it, a livery stable.... with old
text: carriages lined up inside.
text: Scottie has been listening intently with growing .
text: awareness, and now as she mentions the livery stable,
text: his eyes glow with the excitement of recognition,
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
text: At the end of the green there
dialog: was a whitewashed stone house
text: with a lovely pepper tree at
dialog: the corner--=-
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Finishing it) .
text: w2- and an old wooden hotel of
dialog: the old California days, and a
text: Saloon.... dark... low-ceilinged....
text: with hanging oil lamps.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oO.
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: Ly
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: we
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 189.
speaker_heading: 9212-57
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 82.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Yes?$ But---
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Gently)
dialog: It's all there. It's no dream.
text: Pause, as she stares at him, puzzled, anxious.
speaker_heading: ScoTTiE
dialog: You've been there before, You've
dialog: seen it.
speaker_heading: : MADELEINE
dialog: No, never!
dialog: Scottie
dialog: Madeleine, a hundred miles south
dialog: of San Francisco there's an old
dialog: Spanish Mission, Mission San Juan
dialog: Bautista. It's been preserved
dialog: exactly as it was a hundred years
dialog: ago, as a museum. Now, think hard,
dialog: darling. You've been there before.
dialog: You've seen it!
dialog: (Frightened)
dialog: No, never! I've never been there}
dialog: Scottie, what is it? I've never.
dialog: been there}
text: Long pause as they stare at seach other, he desperately
text: trying to think it through, she moved and frightened.
text: He rises and moves away, anxious and shaken.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (To himself )
dialog: Carlotta...
text: He shakes his head angrily, fighting the idea.
text: Madeleine watches him anxiously.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: What was it he said?.... "She
dialog: came from somewhere south of :
dialog: the city.... some say a mission
dialog: _Bettlement....."
text: ‘He turns on Madeleine almost desperately.
speaker_heading: ScoTTIE
dialog: Madeleine, think hard!}
dialog: (Continued)
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: Og
text: __. , FROM AMONG THE DEAD 83.
dialog: (cont ta)”
text: She shakes her head frantically, hopelessly, close
text: to tears. PAUSE.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Quietly). .
dialog: Go on.with your dream. What
dialog: was it that frightened you?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: - (Remembering)
dialog: I stood alone on the green,
dialog: searching for something, and I
text: started to walk to the church.
text: But then the darkmess closed in,
dialog: I was alone in the dark, being
dialog: ed into darimess, and IT
dialog: fought to wake up....
text: She “looks at him, frightened again ‘ the memory.
text: Ee goes to her reassuringly.
speaker_heading: 7 SCcOTTIE
dialog: You're going to be all right now,
dialog: Madeleine. I've got something to
dialog: ‘work on now. -I'm going to take you
dialog: ‘there - to the Mission - this after-
dialog: noon. And when you see it, you'll
dialog: remember when you saw it before, and
dialog: that will finish your dream and destroy
dialog: it. I promise. Youtll be free.
text: She looks up at him end tries +o smile.
speaker_heading: SCOPTIE
dialog: All right?
dialog: ‘She nods.
dialog: Itll take on hens
dialog: you home. If your
dialog: hmsband is awake, say you couldn't
dialog: +. sleep and went out for some air.
dialog: And come back to me about noon. vay
dialog: Come along.
text: He"reises her to her feet. She smiles up at him
text: gratefully.
speaker_heading: “MADELEINE
dialog: wee ke B98, min go alone. itm all right.
text: they stend there for a moment, looking at each other.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
dialog: is
dialog: u
dialog: 
dialog: 191.
dialog: 192. .
dialog: 193-
dialog: ai,
dialog: 195.
dialog: ‘pel2~57
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD Bl.
scene_heading: EXT, A HIGHWAY SOUTH OF SAN FRANCISCO - (DAY)
text: Tall trees line the road on both sides and arch
text: across to meet high above, forming a long, eerie,
text: shadowy tunnel shot through with streamers of
text: sunlight. We are as though in the front seat of
text: acar, travelling fast, looking up and ahead to
text: the distant end of the tunnel, and the trees flash
dialog: bye
scene_heading: EXT, THE HIGHWAY - (DAY)
text: Another angle to show the green Jaguar travelling
text: along the road through the tunnel of trees.
speaker_heading: INT, THE JAGUAR -. (DAY)
text: Madeleine and Scottie; he is at the wheel, staring
text: straight ahead, lost in thought. Madeleine, now
text: smartly-dressed in her grey suit, is staring up at
text: the tummel of trees. “Scottie glances at her. She
text: emiles at him timidly.
scene_heading: EXT. THR HIGHWAY - (DAY)
text: SHOOTING’ down the road toward the end of the tunnel
text: of trees, and the Jaguar moving away fast.. It gets
text: clear of the trees and into daylight.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT, THE RIGHWAY: A ROAD JUNCTION = (DAY) -
dialog: Side angle SHOT of the Jaguar es it turns of= the ~
text: highway onto a side road. The CAMERA PANS the car,
text: then loses it as it goes out of the SHOT, and HOLDS
text: on a road sign that reads: .
scene_heading: “MISSION SAN JUAN BAUTISTA
speaker_heading: 3 MILES
scene_heading: EXD. MISSION SAN JUAN BAUTISTA ~ (DAY)
text: We ‘are looking along the cloisters, down the long
text: corridar of arches. In the foreground a small sign
dialog: on a standard reads: .
speaker_heading: EL CAMINO REAL
scene_heading: MISSION SAN JUAN BAUTISTA .
scene_heading: FOUNDED JUNE 2h, 1797
dialog: (Contimued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: | : wm
dialog: ~ oC) 195.
speaker_heading: oA
dialog: o 5
dialog: )
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: Ds
dialog: D>
dialog: 02
dialog: =e
speaker_heading: oT Seat
dialog: 196.
dialog: 5
dialog: a
dialog: 197.
dialog: 3
dialog: 198.
dialog: Qo
dialog: )
dialog: 
dialog: 9212-57,
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD Be
speaker_heading: (Cont! d) ’
text: The music of the Mission theme, mingled with Car- . '
text: lottats theme, begins to drift in, an evocation of
text: the past; a sighing that grows and seems to have
text: behind it the echo of lost voices calling. The |
text: CAMERA MOVES AND EASES AROUND A BIT to look through |
text: the arches across the green toward the open side
text: and the valley and the hills beyond. A lone mun
text: is crossing the green to the church, A clock strikes
text: the.half hour, The CAMERA PANS to look at the large
text: wooden two-story house'on the far side of the green,
dialog: then the little garden,. then the Plaza Livery Stable,
text: and the road alongside. The Jaguar stands there
text: empty. The CAMERA CONTINUES TO PAN along the white-
text: washed stone Castro House, sees the pepper tree,
text: MOVES along the Plaza Hotel, and comes to REST
text: SHOOTING at the saloon thet forms the far corner of
text: the hotel. Three tourists exit from the main entrance.
text: of the hotel, get into their car. The car moves .
text: toward the CAMERA, and goes past, and out-of the SHOT.
text: fhe CAMERA DOLLIES IN to the front door of the saloon.
text: Over the door is a sign: PLAZA HOTEL BAR ROOM. On
text: either side of the door are posters proclaiming
dialog: rewards for. the apprehension of bandits who have held
text: up Wells Fargo Express Wagons. The CAMERA SHOOTS
text: THROUGH the open door. © .
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HOTEL BAR ROOM - (DAY)
text: Empty, silent; old pool tables in the foreground,
text: the bar in the background. As the CAMERA SCANS the
dialog: rooms :
speaker_heading: DISSCLVE TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT, PLAZA HOTEL FRONT PARLOR - (DAY)
text: It too is silent and deserted. In the far wall,
text: a fireplace, with an old clock on the mantel. In
text: One corner, a@ small old organ, with a hymeal open
text: onthe rack; in the other’comer, a Victorian sofa.
text: The flowered rug is faded, the furniture is shabby.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EXT, PLAZA HOTEL - (DAY)
text: Looking toward the lovely pepper tree and the
text: whitewashed stone Castro House, and the tall
text: eucalyptus tree beyond. The CAMERA PANS SLOWLY
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: ME FROM AMONG THE DEAD , 86.
dialog: a 198. (Cont'd)
text: Co . past the empty Jaguar and comes to REST on'the dark
text: Cc opening of the Livery Stable and MOVES SLOWLY toward it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: 198A. INT, LIVERY STABLE - (DAY)
text: oO x The dark interior of the Livery Stable. The figures
text: . of Scottie and Madeleine are seen a little way in.
text: Madeleine is seated in a surrey, while Scottie stands
dialog: by her, .
scene_heading: 199. INT. LIVERY STABLE - (DAY)
text: Madeleine's eyes are closed. Scottie, leaning against
text: the surrey, looks up at her intently. After a moment
text: he calls to her softly.
speaker_heading: ’ SCOTTIE
dialog: . - Madeleine.....?
text: She opens her eyes and looks down at him.
speaker_heading: : SCOTTIE : .
dialog: Whers.are you now?
text: oe Sha smiles at him gently.
speaker_heading: ’ MADELEINE
dialog: (Softly). .
dialog: Here. with you.
speaker_heading: “7 "7 SCOttiE
dialog: Fa 2 And..it's all real,
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ScorfTie
dialog: > : . (Firmly)
dialog: 43 Not merely as it was a hundred
dialog: years ago. As it was a year :
dialog: ago, or six months ago, whenever
dialog: you were here to see it.
dialog: . , (Pressing)
dialog: > Madeleine, think of when you
dialog: were here }
dialog: 
text: She looks down ‘at him with a worried, regretful smile,
text: wishing she could help him. Then she looks away into
text: the distance, and speaks almost irrelevantly.
speaker_heading: (a , MADELEINE
dialog: & : + (Dreamily)
dialog: oN There were not so many carriages,
dialog: (2 ws then, And there were horses in
dialog: 9-12-57 (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: G=12-57
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD ” 87.
dialog: ye ;
dialog: (Cont! a)
speaker_heading: MADELEINE (Cont'd)
text: the stalls; a bay, two black, and
dialog: agrey. It was our favorite place,
dialog: but we were forbidden to play here,
dialog: and Sister Teresa would scold us.....
text: Scottie looks up at her in desperation, then looks |
text: about the stable for help. His look scans the
text: carriages and wagons lined ageinst the wall, goes .
text: past the old fire truck on which there is a placard ‘ |
dialog: proclaiming the world's championship of 188), and
text: finally stops at a small buggy ~ a Bike Wagon = to
text: which is hitched a full-size model of a handsome
dialog: gray horse.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE |
dialog: Well, now, here!
text: He races to the horse. On it hangs a sign:
dialog: "Greyhound World's Greatest Trotter.".
speaker_heading: : SCOTTIE
dialog: Eere's your grey horse! Course
dialog: he'd. heave a tough time getting
text: in.and out of a stall without
dialog: being pushed, but stil......
dialog: You see?. There's an answer for
dialog: everything! . -
text: He looks across to Madeleine eagerly. She is
text: staring ahsad, lost in “the past. :
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Madeleine! Try!
dialog: No answer, The misic is more insistent, now, a
text: wind, and the faint voices call more clearly.
text: Madeleine slowly rises to her feet as though sensing
text: the call. Scottie moves back to her and stands there,
text: locking up. He raises his arms, she puts her hands
text: on his shoulders and slips to the ground with his
text: Kelp, and he is holding her. Their heads are close
dialog: together. | : :
speaker_heading: SCOrTIE
dialog: Madeleine, try.... for me...
text: Mith a small movement, their lips come together,
text: ‘and they kiss; not impulsively, as before, but
dialog: with deep, sure love and himger for each other.
text: Their lips part; but he still holds her tightly,
text: bis head pressed down against hers, and she is look-
text: ing past him, her eyes wide with anxiety. And a
text: clock strikes the three-quarter hour.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: rw
dialog: 199.
speaker_heading: oO >
speaker_heading: Oo 3
speaker_heading: oO >
dialog: ow
dialog: 5 200.
dialog: {:
dialog: : 200A.
dialog: 2
dialog: 
dialog: , 9/12/57
scene_heading: FROM AMONG TEE DEAD 88.
dialog: 
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: My love... because I love you....
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: I love you, too.... too late
dialog: eeee too late...
speaker_heading: > SscorrirEe
dialog: No....we're together....
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Too late... there's something
dialog: I must dow...
text: He holds her gently, now; brushes his lips along her
text: hair, to her eyes, down to her mouth.
dialog: Nothing you mist do...mo one possesses
dialog: you.... you're safe with me... my love....
text: And’ they kiss again. As they part:
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Too lates...
text: She looks up at him with deep regret and wonder in her
text: eyes, then suddenly breaks from him and runs out the
text: door, He stands still, startled fora moment, then
text: runs after her.
scene_heading: EXT. LIVERY STABLE - (DAY)
text: Madeleine is rumning across the grass toward the church.
text: Scottie catches up with her.
scene_heading: EXT. LIVERY STABLE - (DAY) + REVERSE ANGLE
text: Scottie swings her around to face him.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Firmly)
dialog: There are things I have to tell you,
dialog: about how we met, and why we are to-
dialog: gether, But they can wait. The only
dialog: important thing now is that I love you
dialog: and I'm going to keep you safe,
speaker_heading: . MADELE
dialog: (Trembling)
dialog: You can't.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 200A.
dialog: Os
dialog: a>
dialog: |
dialog: |
speaker_heading: oO 5
dialog: a
speaker_heading: OW
dialog: ;
dialog: 3
dialog: 4>
dialog: 5 2008.
dialog: ~ .
dialog: &
dialog: 5 201.
dialog: ©
dialog: wo
speaker_heading: ofS
speaker_heading: Sd 9a12-57
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 89,
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Let me go.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: To the church, I must go there.
speaker_heading: . ScoTtis
dialog: Madeleine ---
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Please let me go.
text: She pulls away and turns and walks swiftly toward
text: the church, her head bowed. CAMERA DOLLIES with her.
text: She is frightened, and close to tears, Scottie
text: follows her a haifestep behind. The livery stable
text: _ drops away out of the SHOT, and the two heads fill the
text: sersen with only the sky as background.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE -
dialog: Madeleine, don't fight me off,
dialog: don't put me away. You've been
dialog: fighting alone, and you're lost,
dialog: but no more. Hold on to me. Be
dialog: sure of me, always, And whatever.
dialog: it is, we'll lick it. I promise.
text: ‘No answer, They keep walking, and then suddenly with
text: head bowed, she begins to run again, and runs out of
text: the SHOT. A moment, then he runs after her,
scene_heading: EXT. THE MISSION AND CLOISTERS - (DAY) + SEMI LONG SHOT
text: We see Madeleine running toward the Cloisters, Scottie
text: after her. Finally he stops her once again,
scene_heading: EXT. THE CLOISTERS - (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Scottie grabs her by the arm, -
speaker_heading: : MADELEINE
dialog: (Head low, brokenly)
dialog: It's not. fair, it's too late.
dialog: It.wasn't supposed to happen
dialog: this way, it shouldn't have
dialog: happened....! :
dialog: (Continued.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: aw FROM AMONG THE DEAD 90.
dialog: 201.. (Cont'd) 4 !
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE ;
dialog: It had to. We're in love. That's
dialog: all that counts. Madeleine ---
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: (Frantic, struggling) |
dialog: Let me gol.... Let me go!! .
dialog: (B aing her} harply) :
dialog: - (Hol her; sharply .
dialog: Madeleine!! °
text: The struggle ceases. She remains limp in his
text: grasp for a long moment, then slowly raises her : ‘
text: head to look at him. Her syes study his face
dialog: 
dialog: | : searchingly.
dialog: You believe that I love you?
speaker_heading: oD? - SCOTTIE
dialog: : : Yes.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE :
dialog: And if you lose me, you'll know
dialog: C ‘that I loved you'and wanted to
dialog: rt = : go on loving you.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: _ I won't lose you.
speaker_heading: 5 PAUSE. :
text: a MADELEINE ,
dialog: Let me go into the church alone.
dialog: a SCOTTIE" :
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Please. Because I love you.
text: He stares at her, sees the pleading look in’her
text: eyes, and lets go. She turns and walks away
text: toward the church, slowly, her head bowed. ‘He
text: watches her'go and starts to move after her.
text: Then slowly, as she goes, her head begins to
text: go up until finally, as she walks, she is staring
text: high above her. And then, suddenly, she breaks
text: into a broken run. .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: aw"
dialog: do2.
dialog: 203.
dialog: 2th,
dialog: 208.
dialog: 206.
dialog: 207.
dialog: 208.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 921.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOISTERS - (DAY)
text: Scottie jerks his head up to see what she was
dialog: locking at.
scene_heading: EXT." CLOISTERS = (DAY) ~
text: From Scottie's viewpoint: the high church tower.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOISTERS - (DAY) = -
text: Scottie, immediately alarmed, brings his eyes down
text: ‘and looks toward the church entrance.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOISTERS - (DAY)
text: From Scottie's viewpoint: Madeleine runs through
text: the open front door of the church, and vanishes.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOISTERS - (DAY)
dialog: 
text: ‘Scottie starts to run toward the cimrch.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Madeleine!!!
text: He runs to the éhurch door and runs in.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH, SAN JUAN BAUTISTA - (DAY)
text: Scottie runs in’ and looks around frantically. The
text: church is empty. A moment, then he hears the
text: sound of footsteps running up wooden steps. He
text: turns in the direction cf the sound, sees a door
text: ' standing open at the side of the church, and through
text: the door the beginning of a flight of steps. He
text: runs to the open door and goes through.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH TOWER - (DAY)
text: - Scottie runs in, stops at the foot of the’ steps,
text: hears the r footsteps, and looks up. From
text: his viewpoint we see Madeleine rum. up the open
text: stairway that spirals up along the walls of the
text: .,,” Bigh tower. She 1s already well on her way.
dialog: 9-12-57 ,
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: ws
dialog: a
dialog: u
dialog: 5
dialog: 2
dialog: 
dialog: 208,
dialog: 209.
dialog: 210.
dialog: 21.
dialog: 9012-57
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 92.
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: Scottie is immediately stricken by vertigo, and
text: the tall tower seems to slide away from him. He makes
text: an attempt to start up the stairs, flattens himself
text: against the wall and struggles up. He claws his way
text: up, crosses over to the handerailing and uses it to
text: his body up the steps, one by one, struggling
text: ‘om breath, unable to call, though he tries. And
text: Madeleine keeps running. .
text: Madeleine reaches the top, goes through a small wooden
text: door, We see it slam, hear it locked.
text: Scottie, struggling up, reaches a landing next to a
text: small open arch that looks out on the back garden,
text: and has to stop to fight his nausea.
text: There is a scream from above, Through the arch he
text: sees a body fall. He calls "Madeleine"t, and looks
text: down through the arch,
scene_heading: EXT, ROOF - (DAY) = LONG SHOT
text: figure of the dead Madeleine, Her body is lying on
text: the roof of the cloister,
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH TOWER = (DAY)
text: The vertigo hits Scottie again and the body and the
text: ‘roof of the cloister move and fall away into space,
dialog: 
dialog: ‘and this DISSOLVES THROUGH TO:
text: The body of the policeman falling from the recftop,
text: tumbling through space to the street below.
text: Scottie has to look away in desperate horror, He
text: hears voices, looks through the arch again, and sees
text: two nung hurrying across the garden from the dormitory
text: at the beck, looking up at the roof of the cloister.
text: He turns and gazes down the great height he now has
text: to descend, flattens himself against the wall, and
text: with trancelike desperation tries to start moving.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT, MISSION SAN JUAN BAUTISTA - (DAZ)
text: Once again we see the whole of the square, but
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: vP
dialog: ~ 2il. (Cont'd) ,
dialog: rn
dialog: 212. .
dialog: 9-12-57
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 93.
dialog: 
text: now, in. sharp contrast, it 1s filled with cars + parked 4
text: along the roadway that encircles the green.
scene_heading: EXT. MISSION SAN JUAN BAUTISTA - (DAY) - LONG SHOT
text: Before Plaza Hall, the large grey wooden building !
text: next to the. Livery Stable, and on its front porch,
text: groups of citizens are gathered, talking. Some people ;
text: Glance up to the second floor, where the windows are ¢‘ i
text: open, and from which a droning voica can faintly be
dialog: heard. on )
text: The CAMERA ZOOMS UP to the open window, and as it does,
text: the voice of the speaker becomes louder and the words
dialog: more intelligible. .
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HALL ROOM, SAN JUAN BAUTISTA - (DAY)
text: The Coroner's Inquest is in session. The Jury of
text: twelve local people is at one side. Among the people
text: assembled we see: the two nuns, escorted by a priest;
text: Gavin Elster with his attorney; some State Patrolmen;
text: and, of course, Scottie, Next to him is a burly man
text: ‘in his fifties in civilian clothes, almost obviously
text: a detective and obviously Scottie's one friend there.
dialog: He is Detective Captain Fred Hansen’ of the San Fran-
dialog: cisco Police.
text: At the front of the room is the Official who is speak-
text: ing, a rather testy old man. Behind him on the wall
text: are an old, crudely hand-made American Flag from the
text: last century, and a California Bear Flag.
text: (NOTE: THE FIRST PARAGRAPH OF THE FOLLOWING SPEECH
text: COVERS THE RISE AND ENTRANCE OF THE CAMERA AND
scene_heading: BECOMES INTELLIGISLE ONLY AT ITS END.)
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Mr. ‘Elster, suspecting that all
dialog: was not well with Bis wife's nental
dialog: state, took the preliminary pre
dialog: caution of having her watched b by
dialog: Mr. Ferguson lest any harm befall
dialog: her, and you have heard that Mr.
dialog: Elster was prepared to take his
dialog: wife to an institution where her
dialog: mental health would have been in
dialog: the hands. of qualified specialists.
dialog: dnd Mr. Ferguson, being an ex-detec-
dialog: tive, would have seemed the proper
dialog: choice for the role of watchdog
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: = FROM AMONG THE. DEAD . oh. 4
dialog: ) 212. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL (Cont'd)
dialog: and protector, As you have learned,
dialog: it was an unfortunate choice.
dialog: However, I think you will agree that
dialog: ‘no blame can be attached to the
dialog: husband. His delay in putting his
dialog: wife under medical care was due
dialog: only to the need for’ information
dialog: as to her behavior that he expected
dialog: : to get from Mr, Ferguson. He had
dialog: taken very precaution to protect .
dialog: . his wife. He could not have antici-
dialog: > : pated that Mr. Ferguson's "weakness"
dialog: his “fear of heights", called
dialog: "acrophobia", would make him power-
dialog: less when he was most needed,
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: - As to Mr, Ferguson: you have heard
dialog: > . his former superior, Detective
dialog: Captain Hansen, from that great
dialog: city to the north, testify as to
dialog: his character and ability. Captain
dialog: . Hansen was most enthusiastic, The
dialog: SO . fact that Mr. Ferguson once before,
dialog: ow: under similar circumstances, allowed
speaker_heading: U
dialog: t*
dialog: vu
dialog: & police colieague to fall to his
dialog: death, Captain Hansen dismissed as
dialog: an "unfortunate incident."
text: Captain Hansen's eyes narrow and his face reddens.
text: Scottie stares-.at the floor dully, oblivious to
dialog: what is being said.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Of course Mr. Ferguson is to be
dialog: congratulated for having once
dialog: 3 -Baved the woman's life when, in 4
dialog: previous fit of.aberration, she
dialog: threw herseif into the Bay. It is
dialog: a pity that knowing her suicidal
dialog: tendencies he did not make a greater
dialog: : effort the second time. But we are
dialog: 5 not here to pass judgement on Mr,
dialog: : Perguson's lack of initiative. He
dialog: did nothin, gmt Sec law has little
dialog: say on subject of things
text: left undone.
speaker_heading: VU
dialog: +, : ‘ Nor does his strange behaviour after
dialog: 7 he saw the body fall have any bearing
dialog: = on your verdict, He did not remain at
text: _— the scene of the death. He ran away.
dialog: we . He claims he suffered a mental blackout
speaker_heading: sO 912-57 : (Continued )
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 212.
dialog: 9e12-57;
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 95.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL (Cont'd)
dialog: and kmew nothing more until he found
text: himself back in his own apartment in
dialog: San Francisco several hours later, You
dialog: may accept that or not. Or, you may
dialog: believe that, having once again allowed
dialog: someone to die, he could not face the
text: tragic result of his own wealmess, and
dialog: ran away. That has nothing to do with
dialog: your verdict. It is a matter between
dialog: him and his conscience,
text: Now. From the evidence of the mind of
dialog: Madeleine Elster prior to her death,
dialog: from the manner of her death, and from
dialog: the post-mortem examination of the body
text: showing the actual cause of her death,
dialog: you should have no difficulty in reach-
dialog: ing your verdict. Gentlemen, you may
dialog: retire,
dialog: t
text: The Foreman of the jury leans across to his colleagues,
text: and they go into a huddle, After a short whispered
text: consultation there is a general nodding of heads,
text: then the Foreman stands.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: We've reached the verdict.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: ’ And what is your verdict.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: We find that Madeleine Ester
dialog: committed suicide while being
dialog: out ofem--while being of un-
dialog: sound mind.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Your verdict will be so recorded.
dialog: Dismissed,
text: People start to rise. There is a general exodus
text: toward the doorway and the stairs leading down to
text: the. ground floor. Scottie remains impassive, sti11
text: staring at the floor, People stare at him curiously
text: as they move past him and away. Detective Hansen
text: prises, takes him by the arm, and helps him to ‘his
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: HANSEN
dialog: Let's go, Scottie,
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
text: _ B FROM AMONG THE DEAD 9.
dialog: a 212. (Cont'd) ST
speaker_heading: co! EANSEN (Cont'd)
dialog: my (Glares over at
dialog: the Official grimly)
dialog: The son of a --- : .
text: He purses his lips and starts Scottie toward the door.
text: Gavin Elster moves toward them, and they meet, and.have
text: oS. te:stop. Hansen looks at Elster impassively.
speaker_heading: . ELSTER
dialog: Do you mind if I speak to him
dialog: for a minute?
text: ay Receiving no answer, he takes Scottie by the elbow, ©
dialog: 
speaker_heading: | ELSTER
dialog: . : Scottie-----
text: . He leads Scottie away toward the window. They stop.
dialog: o> ~ .
speaker_heading: ELSTER :
dialog: Scottie, I'm sorry. That was
dialog: . . rough. : .
text: A ‘ Scottie finally looks up at him.
speaker_heading: CW. : ELSTER
dialog: He had no right to say that. It
dialog: was my responsibility. You didn't
dialog: know her. I shouldn't have got you
dialog: involved.
speaker_heading: { * SCOTTIE
dialog: : (Struggling)
dialog: Ieee- Inne ,
speaker_heading: ELSTER : :
dialog: . No, there's nothing you have to
dialog: _? say to me. I'm getting out, Scottie.
dialog: good. I can't stay here.
dialog: I'm winding up her affairs, - and
dialog: mine. I'm going to .get as far”
dialog: . away as I can. Probably Europe.
dialog: And I'll probably never come back.
dialog: 2 : (Extends his hand) .—
dialog: ao Goodbye, Scottie. If there's any-
dialog: . thing I can do for you before I
dialog: BOwsese .
text: . ‘Scottie looks at the outstretched hand, then looks
text: > up at the man's face, wanting very much to tell
dialog: {- him how he felt about the dead woman. But the words
dialog: a 9-12-57 (Continued)
dialog: 
text: vp FROM AMONG THE DEAD 97.
speaker_heading: Oo 212. (Cont'd)
text: ae won't come. Elster drops his hand with a sympathetic
text: Cc half-smile, and touches Scottie comfortingly on the arm.
speaker_heading: ° ELSTER
dialog: There was. no way for them to
dialog: understand. But you and I know
dialog: who killed Madeleine.
text: yy He and Scottie look et each other for a moment. Then
text: . Elster nods somberly and turns away and goes down the
text: stairs with his attorney. The room is empty, now, but
text: for Hansen and Scottie. Hansen, waiting near the door-
text: way, looks across to Scottie standing alone by the
text: window. Beyond Scottie, through the windew, we can
text: Oy see the cloister across the green.
speaker_heading: | DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: 213. EXt. A CEMETERY SOUTH OF SAN FRANCISCO - (DAY)
text: It is grey and deserted. In the distance a figure comes
text: into view, walking slowly, approaching a grave. It is
dialog: Scottie. .
speaker_heading: oO.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 2134. EXIT, A CEMETERY SOUTH OF SAN FRANCISCO - (Dax) -
text: A closer view brings him to a stop before the grave, and
text: he stares down at it impassively. The gravestone tells
dialog: us it ts Madeleine's grave. :
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 24. EXT, SAN FRANCISCO - (NIGHT)
text: A foggy night, the city hidden in mist. The flash
text: of beacons; fingers of fog; the spasmodic growls and
text: eries of fog horns.
scene_heading: 215. INT, SCOTTIE'S BEDROOM - (NIGET)
text: Scottie in bed, sleeping restlessly. His head fills
text: the screen, rolls from side to side. In a SLOW
text: oo DISSOLVE, while his head remains on the screen, there
text: wv comes into focus and is superimposed as it gets closer
text: the head and shoulders of the portrait of Carlotta.
text: The CAMERA PANS DOWN until it reveals the nosegay,
text: The portrait is cleared from the screen, aid a new
text: image is superimposed; the final scene at the in-
dialog: quest between Scottie and Gavin Elster, Fut this
dialog: 9-12-57 . (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD . 98.
speaker_heading: 215. (Cont'd)
text: time, though it is not distinct, a woman's head
text: can be discerned on Elster's shoulder. Elster
text: turns to the woman and says: "Tell him he's not
text: to blame; tell him.” The woman turns her head to
text: smile at Scottie. It is Carlotta Valdes again,
text: dressed as in the portrait, with the necklace at
text: her throat, and she is alive. The picture fades
text: away. Scottie's restless head is alone on th
dialog: screen again. - :
text: Another scene dissolves onto the screen: the grars-
text: yard at Mission Dolores. The CAMERA IS APPROACHING
dialog: the grave of Carlotta Valdes. Now we see Scottie
speaker_heading: REVERSES
text: . epproaching the grave. Now the CAMERA
dialog: 216.
dialog: 9~12-57
dialog: >
text: MOVING. closer to the grdve. It is open; there is
text: @ great black abyss, with the headstone to mark it.
text: A CLOSEUP OF SCOTTIE coming to a stop as he stares
text: down. The black depths of the grave fill the
text: screen, and now, suddenly we start to fall. A BIC
text: HEAD CLOSEUP OF SCOTTIE, his hair windswept, staring
text: down in horror as he falls. REVERSE ANGLE: he is
text: still falling, but now from the tower of the Mission
text: at San Juan onto the roof where Madeleine fell, ara
text: at the moment of impact the picture clears, and
text: Scottie 1s sitting up in bed, staring ahead in horror,
text: awakened by the SOUND of his own scream. The scream
text: is echoed by a fog horn in the distance.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT, SANITARIUM BEDROOM - (DAY)
text: We see a portable phonograph with a record on, anc
dialog: we hear Mozart at his gayest, most incisive, most ~
text: Sperkling. And then we find Midge standing nearby,
text: smiling across at Scottie, who is seated in a whe=l-
text: chair wearing a dressing gown over pajamas, His
text: face is gaunt and expressionless. We are in a”
text: light and pleasant bed-sitting room. Through the
text: window we can see a lavely garden, and.a few -
text: patients accompanied >y nurses strolling along the
dialog: paths.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: (Brightly)
dialog: It's Mozart. Wolfgang Amadeus. I
dialog: had @ long talk with the lady in.
dialog: musical therapy, and she said
dialog: Mozart's the boy for you, Johnny.
text: The broom that sweeps the cobwebs
dialog: away. That's what the lady said.
dialog: You lmow, it's wonderful how they've
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Le
dialog: 3
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 216.
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD - 99.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: : MIDGE (Cont'd)
dialog: got 1t all taped now, John. They've
dialog: got music for melancholiacs, and
dialog: music for dipsomaniacs, and music
dialog: for nymphomaniacs..... I wonder what
dialog: would happen if somebody mixed up
dialog: their files?
text: There is no reaction on Scottie's face, and Midge
text: makes a grimace of dissatisfaction at the wealmess
text: of her joke. She looks across at him uncertainly.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: But I brought you a lot of other
dialog: things. You can see what you like.
text: And the thing shuts off automatically.
text: She crosses to him swiftly and imeels beside him,
speaker_heading: MIDGE .
dialog: Ah, Johnny, please try. Johnny,
dialog: $ You're not lost. Mother's
dialog: ere. :
text: No reaction. Long pause. Then we hear the door
text: open. Scottie does not seem to hear, but Midge
text: turns her head. A nurse is looking in, with a
text: significant look at Midge.
dialog: Time? Okay.
text: The nurse goes out. Midge rises,
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: I'll be in again, John, Do you
dialog: want me to shut that off? It
text: shuts off automatically.
text: Her eyes crinkle with anxiety, She nods and goes
text: to the phonograph and shuts it off, She comes
text: back to him slowly, and stands behind him, and
text: puts her hands on his shoulders.
dialog: (Softly) .
dialog: Ah, Johany-0.... you don't know
dialog: I'm here, do you?
text: She leans down and kisses him lightly on the top
text: of the head, and smiles gently.
dialog: 9-12-57 (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 100.
dialog: 216. (Cont'd)
dialog: 217.
dialog: 9-12-57
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: But. I'm here.
text: She moves to the door, go: out of the SHOT, and
text: we hear the door open and close. Scottie has not
text: moved, his face does not change expression. His
text: head bends down, and his gaze is fixed on the floor.
scene_heading: INT, CORRIDOR OUTSIDE SCOTTIE'S ROOM - (DAY)
text: Midge, walking down the corridor, meets the nurse
text: near the open door of an office.
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: Could I see the doctor for
dialog: . 8 moment?
text: Thé ‘nurse backs ‘op a step and looks in the open door-
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: se NURSE
dialog: _ Dector...?
text: The Doctor looks ‘ep and sees Midge in the doorway.
dialog: . "DOCTOR,
dialog: _., Ohe | Yos, Miss Wood?
text: The nurse continues on up the corridor. Midge remains
text: din the doorway.
dialog: De ; 5
dialog: octor, how tose is it going |
dialog: to take you to pull him out
dialog: of this?
speaker_heading: 7 ~ DOCTOR °
dialog: Tt is hard to say. Six months,
dialog: at least. Perhaps a year. It
dialog: depends to a certain extent on
speaker_heading: MIDGE
dialog: He won't talk.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: No. We have ways of digging
dialog: out knowledge. But it takes
text: longer. He is suffering from
dialog: acute melancholia, together with
text: a guilt complex. He blames him-
dialog: _ Self for what happened to the
dialog: ‘woman. And we know little of the
dialog: background.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: we
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: bn FROM AMONG THE DEAD 101, - |
dialog: a
speaker_heading: ub 217. (Cont! 4) )
dialog: I can give you one thing: he was : ;
text: in love with her, .
dialog: |
speaker_heading: . : DOCTOR
dialog: Ah? That complicates the problem. |
dialog: MapGE ° .
dialog: -I'lL give you another complication: |
dialog: he still is. :
dialog: !
text: The Doctor studies her carefully. : }
dialog: ) MIDGE !
dialog: And you know something, Doctor?
dialog: I don't think Mozart's going to
dialog: help at all.
text: She attempts a bright, gay smile but it comes out
text: 2 wrong. She turns and walks away down the corridor.
speaker_heading: FADE ovr.
speaker_heading: - FADE IN:
scene_heading: oS 218. « SCOTTIE'S APARTMENT = (NIGHT)
text: ~ Once again a foggy night. The street lights
text: ringed in the mist, and Coit Tower barely dis-
text: cernible in the distance, The fog horns sound,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 3 .
scene_heading: 219, INT. SCOTTIE'S APARTMENT - (NIGHT)
text: The living room is mostly in shadow. One light in
text: a far corner is lit, There is a fire in ‘the fire-
text: > Place, but it is almost burnt out, and casts only
text: & faint glow, An easy chair has been drawn up
text: ‘ before the fire, and next to it is a small table
text: on which is a bottle of whiskey, the remains of a
text: highball, and an ashtrey full of cigarette butts.
text: There is no sign of life in the apartment. The
text: > telephone rings in the bedroom. It continues to
dialog: ring.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: & 220. INT. ERNIE'S RESTAURANT, UPSTAIRS ROOM - (NIGHT)
text: C Seottie is seated at the bar, exactly as he was
text: \ the first time he saw Madeleine. The dining room
dialog: 9-12-57 (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: Me : ' "FROM AMONG THE DEAD 102.
dialog: a 220, (Cont'd); =, .
text: © a . is crowded, Scottie's glance wanders about the room
text: “oo . as he drinks, but he-does not seem to be so mich '
text: > searching as waiting, And then he stiffens, From
text: somewhere across the room a man and a woman are making
text: their way among the tables toward the exit, and their
dialog: relative positions as they move recall exactly the
text: way Madéleine and Gavin Elster moved toward him on
text: o . that night. And as the woman moves toward him,
dialog: > difficult to see clearly because of the movements of
text: ‘ the waiters crossing her path, he could swear that
dialog: it is Madeleine, and so could we, Although she does
text: ' pot wear an evening dress, Scottie stares, fearing
text: and hoping as the woman gets closer and closer. And
text: 2 then she is there, and pauses near him to wait for
dialog: 2. the man, exactly as Madeleine did = but it is not
dialog: - Madeleine,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: os 221, EXT, BROCKLEBANK APARTMENTS - (DAY)
text: Scottie in’the foreground, and across the street the
dialog: : : apartment building from which Madeleine used to
text: _ emergs, with the forecourt for cars, A long moment,
text: ak then a man emerges and crosses the street and walks
text: po. . toward the Fairmont Hotel, Another wait, and then a
text: ° woman comes .out of the apertment house, She has
text: Madeleine's figure and Madeleine's style, Scottis
text: freezes, .The woman crosses the forécourt toward a
text: car out of our sight, Scottie moves to follow the
dialog: Gotirse of the woman, and we MOVE WITH HIM, and now
text: 40 : the car comes into sight, It is the green Jaguar.
text: . The woman opens the car door, Scottie races across
text: the street and into the forecourt, By the time he
text: gets to the Jaguar, the woman is in behind the wheel
text: and has the motor started. Scottie races up to her,
text: then stops short, The woman is not like Madeleine
text: in features, and is.a good deal older, She looks up
text: Startled as Scottie comes to a. stop by the open car
dialog: low.
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE :
dialog: Where did you get this car?!
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
dialog: (Startled by his
dialog: - Vehemence )
dialog: ZI beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: . ° SCOTTIE
dialog: 4 a. : This Cateee ti ..
dialog: 
dialog: a Gal2=57 , ( Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: ce ‘
dialog: 
dialog: Gc }
speaker_heading: Vv
dialog: ws
dialog: 222,
dialog: 223.
speaker_heading: () 221, (Cont'd)
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 103.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: - THE WOMAN
dialog: Oh} Why...I bought it froma
dialog: man who used to live here, in
dialog: this apartment building, Mister
dialog: Gavin Elster, I bought it from
dialog: _bim when he moved away.
text: As Scottie stares at her, she grasps the connection,
text: - . “THE WOMAN .
dialog: OY You kmew him! And bis wife?
dialog: The poor thing, I didn't know
dialog: her, Tell me = is it true that
dialog: she really believed --
text: . But by this time Scottie has turned and walked away,
text: ’ and she stares after him, a bit taken aback,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE 10:
scene_heading: EXT, PALACE OF THE LEGION OF HONOR - (DAY)
speaker_heading: SE
text: Framed in’the columns of the forecourt, Scottie
text: wanders up the front walk and passes through the
text: @oors into the Art Gallery.
scene_heading: . DN, PALACE OF THE LEGION OF HONOR - (DAY)
text: Scottie wanders to the entrance of the room in which
text: hangs the Portrait of Carlotta, and stops and looks
text: ‘toward the far corner, Some people pass before him,
text: but then as the vista clears he sees walking toward
text: -him from Carlotta's corner a’ woman who mst surely
text: be Madeleine, He.atares, rigid, as she comes closer,
text: arid then she passes out of view as she heads for the
text: exit, Scottie turns to keep her in sight, and as she
text: -passes through the doors to go cut to the courtyard
text: she turns just a bit so that she is silhouetted
text: slightly in profile against the outer light, and once
text: again surely it is Madeleine, Scottie heads for the
text: ‘ door fast, pushes through the courtyard, He breaks
text: into a run and catches up with her and puts out his
text: hand to take her arm, and as he does she turns,
text: startled by his sudden appearance. at her side - and
text: they both stop and stare at each other, It is not
text: Madeleine, A moment, as the woman stares at him,
dialog: frightened, .
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Itm sorry.
dialog: “ ~~" (Continued)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 223. (Cont'd)
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 10k.
text: He turns away. The woman walks on.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO: .
speaker_heading: OMIT.
scene_heading: EXT. PODESTA, BALDOCCHI ~ (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Scottie stands before the window lookingat the : 1
text: floral display. In the foreground is agroup of
dialog: madeup nosegays and one of them is exactly like '
dialog: the nosegay Madeleine carried to the grave, to \
text: ‘the portrait, to the moment she threw herself into
text: the Bay. A porter closes the shop door and locks 1
text: it. A moment, then Scottie turns away to move
dialog: down Grant Avenue.
text: He stops short. Coming up Grant Avenue, headed for
text: Sutter Street, is a group of shopgirls who have
dialog: ‘Just come out of work, and among them is one who =
text: again - must surely be Madeleine. Scottie watches
text: them come closer, trying toget a clear view through
text: the crowd of passersby, catching sight of the girl
text: only in glimpses, and as the girls come abreast of
text: . him‘they stop to make their farewells.
text: The one nearest to Scottie, seen in profile, might
dialog: have the same features as Madeleine. He cannot be
dialog: sure, This girl's hair is dark, where Madeleine's
text: was light; her features on closer inspection seem
text: heavier, and she wears much more makeup. And yet
text: there is something about the way she carries herself.
text: The other girls cross the strest while the one
text: nearest to Scottie goes on alone. He instinctively
text: turns and follows,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUTTER STREET WEAR LEAVENWORTH - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: A trolley coach passes, heading west. The girl starts
dialog: - ph
dialog: 2
dialog: ©
dialog: >
dialog: 22h.
dialog: oO. 225,
dialog: >
dialog: ©»5
speaker_heading: O°
dialog: of 8
dialog: of.
dialog: 4.2
speaker_heading: D
dialog: ° zai
dialog: -
dialog: 0
dialog: 3 “( ~ ot
dialog: \ 9-12-57
text: to cross the street in the middle of the block, waits
text: for another trolley coach to pass, continues to the
text: opposite side, and goes into the Empire Hotel, one of
dialog: the typical inexpensive residential hotels of that
text: neighborhood. Scottie remains on the opposite side of
text: the street, watching, wondering what to do next. He
text: . waits, and then, in mch the same way it happened to
text: him longagoat the McKittrick Hotel, his attention
text: is attracted to.a window on the second floor.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Vv
text: ph FROM AMONG THE DEAD 105.
dialog: 226. (Cont'a) :
text: CO ° ‘The girl appears and opens the window about eight |
dialog: . 227.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 9219-57
text: inches, then pulls down the blind.
text: Scottie stares at the window, calculates in his mind
text: the geographical position of the room, then starts
text: across the street.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. -UPSTAIRS HALL, JUDY'S HOTEL - (DUSK)
text: Scottie moves down the hall counting doors and comes
text: to a stop. He knocks. The door opens, and the girl
text: atands and looks at him, and waits. Scottie stares
text: at her, searching for a sign of recognition, but
dialog: there is none.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Well? What is it?
text: Her voice is flat and slightly nasal, in sharp con-
text: trast to Madeleine's low, husky voice. Scottie
text: winces slightly at.the sound of it. He keeps staring
text: at her for a moment. Then: .
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Could I ask you a couple of
dialog: questions?
speaker_heading: : JUDY
dialog: What for? Who are you?
speaker_heading: SCcOTTIE
dialog: My name is John Ferguson, and --
speaker_heading: , sUDY
dialog: is this some kind of Gallup
dialog: Poll, or something?
speaker_heading: K SCOTTIE
dialog: lo, there are just afew things
dialog: I want to ask you, and <=
speaker_heading: . JUDY
dialog: Do you live here in the hotel?
speaker_heading: ‘SCOTTIE
dialog: No, I ha happened to see you come
dialog: in, and I thought ---
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: ph FROM AMONG THE DEAD 106.
speaker_heading: 227. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: JUDY |
dialog: Oh, I thought so! A pick-up!
dialog: Well, you've got a nerve,
dialog: following me right into the . !
dialog: hotel and up to my room! You
dialog: beat it! Go on! Beat it!
text: And she starts to close the door on him hard.
text: Scottie holds it open against her.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: No, please! I just want to talk
dialog: te you!
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (Pushing on the door)
dialog: Listen, I'm going to yell ina
dialog: minute) .
dialog: " scorrre
dialog: -I'm not going to hurt you! I
dialog: promise! Please! :
text: She hesitates, impressed by the urgency in his voice.
scene_heading: _ _SCOTTIE.
dialog: Just let ma talk to you.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (Hesitating)
dialog: What about?
speaker_heading: . ScCOTTIE
dialog: You. :
speaker_heading: guDY
dialog: way? .
text: She is still holding on to the door, ready to slam it.
speaker_heading: ScorriE
dialog: . , Because you remind ms of
dialog: someone. .
text: She laughs a short, ironic, skeptical laugh.
speaker_heading: JUDY ,
dialog: I've heard that one befors, too.
dialog: I:remind you of someone you used
text: to be madly in love with, but she
dialog: ditched you for another guy, and
dialog: 9-12-57 : (Continued)
text: 5 ph FROM AMONG THE DEAD , 107.
dialog: a 227. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: ‘ JUDY (Cont'd)
dialog: a? : you've been carrying the torch ;
dialog: ever since, and then you saw me
dialog: 
dialog: 2 and something clicked.
dialog: (Scornfully)
dialog: | Huh!
dialog: . |
speaker_heading: ScorTis
dialog: CO (With a rueful smile) |
dialog: oy You're not far wrong.
dialog: \
dialog: . A . . t
speaker_heading: JUDY :
dialog: Well, it's not going to work. So
dialog: you'd better go.
scene_heading: G4 . SCOTTIE
dialog: Let me come in.
text: Her mouth drops open with shock at his effrontery.
speaker_heading: SCcOTTIE
dialog: Oy ’ You can leave the door open.
dialog: Please. I want to talk to you.
text: A moment, then she backs into the room 4& little,
text: and he follows.
speaker_heading: ’ - JUDY
dialog: I warn you, I can yell awfully ~ es
dialog: loud.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: You won't have to.
speaker_heading: : JUDY —~
dialog: (Deubtfully)
dialog: Well.... You don't look very much
dialog: like Jack.the Ripper...e
text: 5 But still she moves wtil she is next to the phone,
text: 2 her hand almost touching it. She eyes him carefully.
dialog: ae
dialog: uw
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: What do you want to kmow?
speaker_heading: a? * SCOTTTE
dialog: “ Your name. And ---
speaker_heading: . JUDY
dialog: Judy Barton..
speaker_heading: ae SCOTTIE
dialog: we --- Who you are ---
dialog: 3 9-12-57 (Continued)
dialog: + ph
speaker_heading: 227. (Cont'a)
dialog: 
dialog: ws
dialog: k3
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 108.
speaker_heading: + JUDY
dialog: Just a girl, I work at Magnin's, ---
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: --- and how you happen to te living
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: JUDT
dialog: It's a place to live, that's all.
dialog: " SCOPTIE ,
dialog: “But you haven't lived here long.
dialog: About three years.
speaker_heading: ~ ScorTirs
dialog: No, a year ago! Where did you live
dialog: a year ago?!3?.
speaker_heading: . JUDY
dialog: . (Puzzled)
dialog: Z told you! Right here!
dialog: 8
dialog: (Strongly)
dialog: But before! Where did you live.
dialog: Before lt?! :
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Selina »y Kansas!
text: 5 And that stops him dead, and he staresat her, denying.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Listen, what is this? What do you
dialog: want?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: t want to kmow who you are.
dialog: ios yypy
dialog: I tbld you! My name's Judy Barton!
dialog: i come from Salina, Kansas! I work
dialog: at Magnin's!. I live here!- M; sh,
dialog: do I have-te prove it? : 7 gosh
text: She moves swiftly to the dresser ‘and rummages in her bag.
dialog: 2
dialog: ‘
dialog: 9-12-57
dialog: vw
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: You've got to prove you're alive
dialog: these days! All right, Mister.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: o
dialog: w
dialog: 2
dialog: a
dialog: Q
dialog: 
text: . FROM AMONG THE DEAD 109.
dialog: (Cont'd)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JODY (Cont'd)
dialog: My Kansas driver's license. Judy
dialog: Barton. Number 229679). Four=
dialog: Twenty-Five Maple Avenue, Salina,
dialog: ase
text: She pulls ont another card: a California license.
text: She hands it to him.
speaker_heading: . JUDE
dialog: There] See the address on this one?
dialog: This place here} California License
dialog: issued May 25, 19541 Want to check
dialog: my thumb print? Satisfied. ~~
dialog: (Pulls the card away) 7.
dialog: An@ whether you're satisfied or not,
dialog: _.., YOU can just beat it!
text: A ‘lorig “mément as he stands before her, sagging a little,
text: ‘defeated, She becomes remorseful.and sympathetic.
dialog: (cantly) :
dialog: Gee, you have got.it bad, haven't 7
dialog: _ you? Do I really look like her?
dialog: 
text: He stefes at her with an intensity that makes her
text: crinkle her eyes in embarrassment.
speaker_heading: ' + JUDY
dialog: _, Shets dead, isn't she.
text: An almost imperceptible nod.
speaker_heading: JUDY .
dialog: It™m sorry. And Itm sorry I yelled
dialog: at you.
text: He turns away slowly toward the docr, His eyes fall on
text: some framed photographs on the dresser and he pauses,
text: ‘thén moves closer to see them clearly. One is of a girl
text: about sixteen standing with a woman in her late thirties;
dialog: _they have their arms about each other; they both have -
text: dark hair, Scottie stares at it, then glances at Judy.
dialog: _. Yes, that's ms, With my mother.
text: Scottie's eyes move to another photograph, of a man in
text: his early forties standing before a store, Above the
text: store a sign says: A.M. BARTON, HARDWARES,
dialog: " (Continued)
dialog: ot
dialog: es
dialog: w
dialog: 227.
dialog: 
scene_heading: FROM AMONG THE OD)
speaker_heading: ‘(Cont!d)
speaker_heading: JODY © ,
dialog: That's my father. Hets dead.
dialog: My mother got married again..ce
dialog: I didn't like the guy.
dialog: * (Smiles, wistfully)
dialog: Sos... I decided to see what it was
dialog: like in Sunny California.
dialog: (Pause) .
dialog: I've been here three years.
dialog: (She grins).
dialog: Honest!
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE :
dialog: Will you have dinner with net
speaker_heading: wUDT
dialog: (mmeatatery E27,
dialog: smile ading
dialog: Why?
text: . SCOTTIE .
dialog: Well, I feel I owe you something
dialog: for all this....
dialog: - +7) gopx .
dialog: No, you don't owe me anything.
speaker_heading: “ "* $COTtrE
dialog: Then will you for me?
dialog: (warsaz)
dialog: immer.... and what else?
speaker_heading: - SCOTTIE
dialog: Just’ dinner. -
speaker_heading: . JUDY
dialog: Because I remind you of her?
dialog: ScoTTre .
dialog: Because I'd like to have dinner
dialog: with FOU. -
text: _ and regards him thoughtfully.
dialog: 9-12-57
speaker_heading: s0Dy
dialog: * (Slowly)
dialog: Well..... I've béen on blind dates
dialog: pefore....... Matter of fact, to be
dialog: honest, I've been picked up before.
dialog: iio.
text: He smiles back at her, liking her directness.
text: She smiles, pleased with ths gallantry of his answer,
dialog: ( Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ws
dialog: 
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD i.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: JUDY (Cont'd)
dialog: (Grins)
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: I'll get my car and be back in
text: ‘ half an hour.
speaker_heading: . JUDY
dialog: Oh, no! Give me time to change
dialog: and get fixed up!
speaker_heading: oo SCOPTIE
dialog: An hour?
speaker_heading: . TODYy
dialog: rm.
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: _ Okay.
text: He flashes her a smile and goes, closing the door.
text: She stares after him for a long moment, then moves
text: slowly and sits down on the edge of the bed. She
text: stares straight ahead, thinking, her face an impas-
dialog: sive mask.
text: The CAMERA MOVES IN until her head fills the screen,
text: and her eyes are deep with dark memory. We DISSOLVE
text: THROUGH to what she sees: THE MOMENT IN THE TOWER
text: OF THE MISSION. MADELEINE IS RUNNING UP THE STAIRS
scene_heading: -OF THE TOWER: SCOTTIE STRUGGLING DESPERATELY. AFTER
scene_heading: BER. SHE REACHES THE TOP, OPENS THE DOOR, DARTS
text: INTO THE BELL TOWER, SLAMS THE DOOR BEHIND HER AND
scene_heading: LOCKS.IT. SHE TURNS. GAVIN ELSTER STANDS NEAR THE
text: OPEN. ARCH, HOLDING HIS WIFE FAST; SHE IS DRESSED IN
text: A GREY SUIT EXACTLY LIKE THE ONE MADELEINE WEARS. HER
scene_heading: BODY IS LIMP. SHE IS OBVIOUSLY DEAD ALREADY. ELSTER
text: LOOKS .AT. MADELEINE, THEN PUSHES HIS WIFE OUT THROUGH
text: THE ARCH. MADELEINE MAKES A FUTILE GESTURE TO STOP
text: HIM, AND SCREAMS. ELSTER COMES TO HER QUICKLY, PUTS
text: EIS HAND ACROSS HER MOUTH, AND DRAWS HER BACK INTO —
text: ER SHADOWS BEETND A MASONRY ABUTMENT. THEY ARE LOST
text: DISSOLVE THROUGH to Judy, seated on the edge of her
text: ped, staring with the memory of the horror of the
text: moment. She sits very still. Then slowly she rises
text: and moves to the window. She looks out, watching
text: Scottie go down the street. She turns away and goes
text: to the closet and opens the door. She pushes some
text: clothes along the rack. We see the grey suit. She
text: reaches into the closet and brings out a suitcase,
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: i 227A.
dialog: 
dialog: LELE re vureny pee snt
dialog: =
scene_heading: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 1223-57 12a. .
scene_heading: Added - INT. BELL TOWER - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT ~ (DAY)
text: Gavin Elster looking down through opening, watching
text: bis wife falling to the Mission roof. Madeleine
text: runs into scene and screams. Elster quickly puts
text: his hand over her mouth, The CAMERA PANS with them
text: ag be crews her into hiding behind a masonry
dialog: a ent.
dialog: 
dialog: w
speaker_heading: 227. (Cont'd)
dialog: 
scene_heading: FROM AMONG TEE DEAD
dialog: 
text: lets it lie there, just outside the closet, and
text: stares down. at it..
text: Then she turns back, goes to the
text: writing desk, sits down, and takes a sheet of paper.
text: She picks up a ball point pen, clicks out the point,
text: stares ahead for a moment, then begins to write.
dialog: she writes, we hear her voice.
speaker_heading: . JUDY'S VOICE
dialog: Dearest Scottie....and so you've
dialog: found me. This is the moment I
dialog: dreaded and hoped for, - wondering
dialog: what I would say and do if ever I
dialog: -Ssaw you again. I wanted so to see
dialog: you again. just once. Now I'll go
dialog: and you can give up your search.
dialog: I want you to have peace of mind.
dialog: You've nothing to blame yourself
dialog: for. You were the victim. I was
dialog: the tool, you were the victim of
text: a man's plan to murder his wife.
dialog: He chose me to play the part be-
dialog: cause I looked like her; he dressed
dialog: me up like her. He was quite safe
dialog: because she lived in the country and
dialog: rarely came to town. He chose you
dialog: to be the witness. The Carlotta
dialog: story was part real, part invented
dialog: to make you testify that Madeleine
dialog: wanted to kill herself. He kmew
dialog: of your illness; he kmew you would
dialog: never get up the stairs of the
dialog: tower.. He planned it so well; he
dialog: made no mistakes.
dialog: I made the mistake. I fell in love.
dialog: That wasn't part of the plan. I'm
dialog: still in love with you, and I want
dialog: ‘you so to love me. If I had. the
dialog: nerve, I would stay and.lie, hoping
dialog: that I could make you love me again,
dialog: as I am, for myself...and so forget
dialog: the other and forget the past. But
dialog: I haven't the nerve to try...
text: She pauses and looks up and thinks, and wonders,
text: and tries to see into the future, and as she does,
text: the fear in her eyes dissolve into amcious hope,
text: and then resolve.
text: She puts the pen down, rises
dialog: As
text: slowly, takes up the letter and tears it into small
text: pieces and drops the pieces into the wastebasket.
text: She turns to the closet, pushes the suitcase back
text: in with the toe of her foot, pushes the grey
dialog: suit
text: far back into darlmess, and closes the closet door.
text: She walks to the dresser, and stares at herself
text: in the mirror.
dialog: 9-12-57
text: She opens a candy box in which we
dialog: (Contimed)
dialog: 
dialog: as,
dialog: 
dialog: aw
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 113.
speaker_heading: 227. (Cont'd)
dialog: 228.
dialog: 229.
dialog: 
text: see trinkets and pieces of junk jewelry, and takes
text: out two plain hoop earrings. She puts them on and
text: looks to see how much change they make. She takes
text: up an eyebrow pencil and slightly exaggerates the
text: arch of her brows. She stares at herself impassive-
dialog: ly for a long time.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO: ,
scene_heading: INT. ERNIE'S RESTAURANT, UPSTAIRS ROOM - (NIGHT)
text: The room is filled with diners; waiters come and
text: go. There is a sound of chatter anda slight clatter
text: of dishes at a side table. We are looking from the
text: bar, and at a table against the far wall we see Judy
text: and Scottie, dining. They are talking amiably;
text: Scottie is being genial and companionable, but there
text: ts no particular sense of intimacy. Judy looks about
text: quite a bit, obviously admiring the room, and the
text: food and the clothes of the people about her. She
text: is dressed neatly, but more simply and more cheaply
text: than are the other women in the room, and she is
text: conscious of it, and keeps fiddling with the shoulders
dialog: of her dress. oo i
text: During this, a party of diners enters, is greeted
text: ‘by the captain, and is led across the room toward
text: an empty table near Judy and Scottie. We go with
text: them winding among the tables. As we get very
text: close to Scottie, he looks up and becomes rigid,
text: and stares. A waman has just gone by him to take
text: a@ seat’at the neighboring table. Her hair is
dialog: blonde, and is done exactly as was Madeleine's;
text: from the rear she could easily be Madeleine. But
text: then she turns and sits down, glancing at Scottie
text: as she does, and we see that it is not Madeleine.
text: A moment, then Scottie looks away. Judy is staring
text: at him anxiously. It is her first defeat, and her
dialog: first victory: defeat, in'that although he is with
text: her he is'still searching; victory, in that she is
dialog: sure, now, that he doses not think she is Madeleine.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUDY'S HOTEL - (NIGHT)
text: Scottie's car drives up and comes to a stop. He
text: gets out, comes around and opens the other door
text: and helps Judy out. They stand there for a moment,
text: then start for the front door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLWE TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: aw
speaker_heading: oY 230.
speaker_heading: O35
dialog: a?
dialog: 2?
dialog: c
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: >
dialog: 4
dialog: >
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: _—_ 9212657
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 114.
scene_heading: INT. JUDY'S HOTEL, UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR - (NIGHT)
text: Judy opens her door, flicks the light switch, and
text: turns to Scottie in the doorway.
speaker_heading: JUDY" .
dialog: Thank you again. Goodnight.
speaker_heading: ScoTTrIE
dialog: Can I see you tomorrow?
speaker_heading: JUDE
dialog: Tomorrow night? Well ~--
speaker_heading: : SCOTTIE
dialog: Tomorrow morning, . .
dialog: . ouDy :
dialog: Tomorrow m=-- but I have to go
dialog: to work, I've got a job.
speaker_heading: SOOTTIE
dialog: Don't gor a
dialog: (Smiling)
dialog: And whet will I live on? “My
dialog: oll wells in Texas?
speaker_heading: scorrTiE
dialog: IT'LL take care of you.
dialog: ’: (Flatiy)
dialog: Oh. Well, ‘thanks very musk. Sut
dialog: no, thanks,
speaker_heading: . ' SCOTTIE
dialog: No, dudy, you don't understand.
dialog: Ok, I understand, all right. I've
dialog: been understanding since Iwas —
dialog: seventeen. And the next step is,
dialog: @s long as you're going to see
dialog: me tomorrow morning, way don'+
dialog: you stay the night. “
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: No,
speaker_heading: - JUDY
dialog: No? Then what?
dialog: (Continued):
dialog: 
dialog: aw
dialog: 
dialog: 9-12-57
speaker_heading: eT
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD us.
dialog: 230. (Cont'd) 2 - , |
speaker_heading: scorrTig
dialog: I just want to see you as much
dialog: as I cani )
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: As friends? We'd just see a lot }
dialog: of each other as friends, and
dialog: you'd "take care of me"? .
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Why?
dialog: (No answer)
dialog: Because I remind you of someone?
dialog: (No answer)
dialog: That's not very complimentary.
dialog: (Pause )
dialog: And nothing would... happen...-
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Ho.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: That's not very complimentary,
dialog: either.
text: She turns away and wanders into the room toward the
text: window. She sits down in ths chair to think it over,
text: qooking Straight ahead, in profile to Scottie and to
text: the window. Scottie stares at her, then suddenly
text: reaches out and snaps off the light. :
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (Frig htened)
dialog: Listen, what'd you do that for?!7!
text: She starts to rise.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Quickly)
dialog: Not Judy, I'm not going to movel
dialog: Please} Stay in the chair!
speaker_heading: . suDY
dialog: Why?t
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Please! And don't look at me.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
text: hn FROM AMONG THE DEAD 116.
dialog: | ~ 230. (Cont'd) /
text: oO of She subsides in the chair, and obeys, looking .
text: d straight ahead again, holding very still,
text: | . . apprehensive. The only light in the room is
text: from the street lamp outside, and it silhouettes
text: . dudy in profile, robbing her of hair-color, robbing
text: her of makeup, and Scottie stares across at her,
dialog: wmsure, wishing he sould persuads himself. !
dialog: : SCOTTIE . . : |
dialog: : (Softly)
dialog: Will you, Judy? ‘
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: O > : (Slowly, anxiously) .
dialog: I suppose I could phone the store
dialog: in the morning, and say I'm sick.
scene_heading: ANOTHER PAUSE.
dialog: b> , ‘ scorere
dialog: (Gently)
dialog: Good night, Judy.
text: . . He goes out, closing the door. Judy sits still,
text: ( staring straight ahead. She raises a hand slowly
text: * and rubs the side of her face.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE. TO:
scene_heading: 232. EXD. GOLDEN GATE PARK = (DAY)
text: It. is a bright, sumny day. On a lovely green
text: slope, young couples are stretched out making
text: love. We see a pretty young girl sitting, and
text: her young man lying on the grass at right angles
text: with his head on her lap. She is playing with
text: - his hair. She bends down and kisses him, The
text: a 5 CAMERA MOVES ON, searching for Scottie and Judy,
text: = and comes upon another couple in a close embrace.
text: . The CAMERA MOVES ON and discovers Scottie and
text: Jady strolling along the path at the foot of the
text: slope. dudy is looking at the loving couples
text: with wistful envy. Scottie is admiring the scenery
text: . in the other direction. He holds a bag of popcorn.
text: Fi Judy looks up at him with gentle longing. He
text: glances down at her and smiles companionably, and
text: offers her the popcorn. She takes some and smiles
dialog: . back as well as she can.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: (
dialog: ‘5 9-12-57
dialog: 
dialog: 6 a 232.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: am 2nd Change
scene_heading: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 10-30-57 117.
scene_heading: INT. DANCE FLOOR, FAIRMONT HOTEL - (NIGHT)
text: The lighting in the room is low, the orchestra is
dialog: playing "Isn't It Romantic", there are many couples
text: on the floor, dancing romantically. Itts all
text: romantic as hell. We find Scottie and Judy dancing,
text: nicely, but rather sedately. Judy looks up at him
text: once in a while, wishing she could get a bit closer,
text: although he is not by any means keeping her at a
dialog: distance,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EX2. POST STREET, OUTSIDE GUMPS = (DAY)
dialog: There is a flower stand = know to all San Franciscans
text: - at the curb opposite the main entrance to Gumps,
text: and Scottie and Judy have stopped there to pick a
text: flower for her to wear. It is a bright, fresh
text: morning. ‘There is a display of corsages, made up,
text: ready to wear. The Vendor stands beside them as they
dialog: .piek and choose. ‘They seem quite happy.
speaker_heading: . JUDY
dialog: - I like that.one.
scene_heading: - SCOTTIE .
dialog: Ho, there. ‘There's a good one.
dialog: Doéo-you like that?
speaker_heading: , JUDY
dialog: Lesqen-= Le ~
dialog: .The one Scottie has. pointed out is remarkably like
text: the nosegay in the portrait, though smaller and not
dialog: an exact copy.
dialog: We'll take that one.
dialog: sos weypor - mo,
dialog: Very mice. And fresh, I just
dialog: _made 1% up. :
text: He pins the nosegay on Judy.
speaker_heading: = “ THE VENDOR
dialog: Thattll be a dollar four.
dialog: Scottie pays him. '
dialog: It's beautiful. nt
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 5 - .
text: em 2nd Change FROM AMONG THE DEAD 10-30-57 117A.
dialog: a 233. (Gontta)
dialog: 3 of Okay. “Now wetre.going to buy
dialog: . you some clothes.
dialog: . Honest?_ . .
text: © yo He has started her across the middle of the’ “street
text: : in the midst of traffic, and they have to rune
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: Oo. .
speaker_heading: B93
dialog: t .
speaker_heading: OW ,
dialog: a?
dialog: ga?
dialog: .
dialog: 2
dialog: oi.
dialog: 
dialog: Co
speaker_heading: oT
dialog: ew
dialog: 
scene_heading: FROM AMONG THR DEAD 128,
speaker_heading: 233. (Contd)
dialog: “aes
dialog: . 23h.
dialog: ‘9212-57
speaker_heading: ScoTTIE
dialog: There's Ransohoffts. Nothing
dialog: but the best. Come on.
dialog: “* (Happy’ and breathless)
dialog: Bat Scottie, you don't have tol
speaker_heading: * SCOTTIE ’*
dialog: _T want to} Come on!—
text: They go dodging across the street.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: INT, RANSOHOFF'S - (DAY) :
text: A’ Spaciotis room én the setond floor. Judy and
text: Scottie are béing waited on by a middle-aged sales-
text: Womati,” A’ girl Assistant stands nearby, Draped about
text: ' OW neighboring chairs are several suits. Scottie
text: Looks "tense, His jaw is set. Judy looks at him won-
text: deringly. "A model enters wearing a grey tweed suit,
text: and parades before them.
speaker_heading: : SCOTTIE
dialog: NO, that's not it. Nothing
dialog: like it.
dialog: But you said grey, sir.
speaker_heading: “SCcOTTIE
dialog: Not tweed -- it's a smoother -
dialog: material, with a larger
text: collar and belted.
dialog: . _ (Indicates with hands)
text: He puts his hands to his waist.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: But I like that one, Scottie.
speaker_heading: * “ SCOoTTrE:
dialog: No, it's not right.
speaker_heading: SALESW
dialog: (Cheerfully)
dialog: The gentleman seems to know
dialog: what he wants.
dialog: (fo the model)
dialog: All right. Well, we'll find it.
dialog: (Continued )
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 23h. (Cont'd)
dialog: 9-12-57
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 119.
text: She goes and whispers to the Assistant, during the {
text: following, and the Assistant follows the model out. !
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: . (Slightly apprehensive) i
dialog: Scottie, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: ~ " * * ScoTTrE
dialog: I'm trying to buy you a sult.
speaker_heading: JUDY -
dialog: Bat’I loved the gécond one she
dialog: wore, And this one---
text: (Ste ‘touches a suit
speaker_heading: ““SCOTTIE’:
dialog: They're mone of them right.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: 
dialog: pat, why?
text: The saleswoman has a sudden thought. ‘
scene_heading: ~ “SALESWOMAN” “~ " .
dialog: DAIS’ I think I Kiow the suit you
dialog: fiéean!l"" We had it--- oh, it mist be
dialog: Sometime ago!” Let mé go'see. We .
dialog: _may still have the model.
text: Bid dhé “hurriés away inté-the back room. Judy looks
text: at Scottie with wondering, understanding eyes.
dialog: too ggpy -
dialog: Y6u're looking for the suit She
dialog: wore! For me?s?
text: Sesttie looks at her anxiously, not wanting an
dialog: argument.
speaker_heading: “77 SUD
dialog: “(Hépelled) ——
dialog: You want me to dress like her?
dialog: **"SCOTITE™
dialog: gaudy, I just want you to look
dialog: nice.” And I imow what kind of
dialog: suit would look well on you.
dialog: (Continned)
dialog: oe
dialog: a4
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 23h. (Cont'd)
dialog: 9-12-57
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 120.
speaker_heading: JUDY |
dialog: Ah, nott! TI don't want to be |
dialog: dressed like someone dead}
speaker_heading: — SCOTTIE
dialog: Tudyo-—— |
speaker_heading: “JUDY |
dialog: It's a horrible idea! Is that |
dialog: what I'm here for? To make you
dialog: |
dialog: }
dialog: '
dialog: feel that you're with someone
dialog: that's dead?
text: She ‘ids ‘Pisexi"from her chair, appalled, and close
text: to tears. The Saleswoman enters briskly.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: She'll be out in a moment.
speaker_heading: "_“* SCOTTIE
dialog: rou!" Silay, it isn't anything to
dialog: get~---
speaker_heading: see JUDY
dialog: No, I won't do itt!
text: She walks away. Scottie follows her.
speaker_heading: : SCOTTIE
dialog: dudy it
text: Ths Sdleswoman watches the altercation with interest.
dialog: THs two" are out of earshot, now, but what they're
text: Saying seéms pretty-evident. Scottie is being
text: trgently persuasive, Judy is staring at the floor,
text: Shaking her Head, fighting the tears; The following
text: is distent and blurred.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “ove ““SCOTTIE
dialog: Judy, Lt can't make that much
dialog: difference to you. I just want
dialog: to see how you'd lock. and I kmow
dialog: it won't be the same, but---
speaker_heading: “ JUDY
dialog: No, I don't want any clothes!
dialog: I don't want anything! I want
dialog: to get out of here}
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Strongly) .
dialog: Judy, you've got te do this
dialog: for me! Please!
dialog: (Continued )
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: aw FROM AMONG THE DEAD 121.
speaker_heading: ry 23h. (Cont'd)
text: She looks up at him, frightened, and at that
text: moment he sees the model enter, wearing the
dialog: grey suit,
speaker_heading: : SCOTTIE ‘
dialog: Yes} That's it!
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: I thought so!
speaker_heading: . “JUDY
dialog: I don't like it!
speaker_heading: |“ SCOTTIE
dialog: Wetll take it! Will it fit?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ©5
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: . oe wis} It may need some slight
text: Lterations, but it is madam's size.
dialog: (To the’ model)
dialog: Wetll have it for you to try ina
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: ow How soon can it be altered?
speaker_heading: votes SALESWOMAN
dialog: Well...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “SCOTTIE ~~
dialog: Oo can we have it by tonight?
dialog: rs ~ oe
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN 7
dialog: Well, if it's absolutely n NECESSATY eee
speaker_heading: Oo! Tren “SCOTTIE
dialog: resi “At' is. “Now, I'want to look
dialog: of at” an’ evertiing | dress, a dinner
dialog: J Bress,~black -- short --long
dialog: 
dialog: Me
dialog: tht ves -~ with a neck cat like
dialog: 3 oe
dialog: 7 ies “tnateates square neck)
dialog: eee and thé skirt out.
dialog: D (Indicates full skirt
dialog: ~ with his hands)
dialog: ui
dialog: ( Appealing )
dialog: Scottienw--—
dialog: & ¢ 9-12-57 (Contimed)
dialog: 
dialog: aw + +
speaker_heading: 7 23h. (Cont'a)
speaker_heading: Cd
dialog: lo
dialog: | ‘
dialog: }:
dialog: lo.
dialog: o 5
dialog: |
dialog: Oo.
dialog: a
dialog: 235.
dialog: o>
dialog: ~
dialog: ow
dialog: a2°
dialog: wa?
dialog: 236.
dialog: &> \
dialog: ae ge12-57
dialog: 
text: “Bigh-hseled brown shoes.
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 122.
text: He whirls on her with blazing eyes and stares at her
text: commandingly, and Judy shrinks a little.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN .
dialog: * (Laughs, embarrassed) I
dialog: My, you certainly do Imow what \
dialog: you want, sir. Itll see what we
dialog: have. :
text: Jed” out” Into! the back room. Judy and Scottie }
text: remain as they were, their eyes fixed on each other,
dialog: But Judy is cowed. )
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: _ TE, RANSOHOFF'S, SHOE SALON - (DAY)
text: Opén ora SHOT of Judy's legs, standing in new,
text: On the floor around her
text: are other shoes and shoe boxes scattered haphazardly.
scene_heading: LT" + SCOTTTEts VOICE
dialog: Walk.
text: ‘ sz tart” to walk, and the’ scene opens up as
text: Jady walks away from the CAMERA, and we find
text: Séottie seated, Watching, and a shoe salesman in
text: attendance. Judy sways a bit on the high heels
text: ip’ a’way that could’ be reminiscent of Madeleine.
text: She stops and turns, and stands Staring at Scottie,
dialog: without expression.
dialog: sce agen, SET
dialog: tis‘it. Do you
dialog: have tiem tn ‘black, too?
speaker_heading: . ”* SALESMAN
dialog: Tes, » we have.
dialog: om scorme
dialog: All right.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: He looks at Judy and meets her gaze steadfastly. |
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S APARTMENT ~ (NIGHT)
text: In“thé living room. There is a fire in the fire-
text: place. Judy is seated on the floor before the fire,
text: bent forward with her head and arms buried in the
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: os
dialog: ws
dialog: 
dialog: ws
speaker_heading: O
dialog: u
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: aw FROM AMONG TEE DEAD : 123.
dialog: 236. (Cont'd) i
text: seat of the easy chair, She's been crying. Scottie |
text: é@nters from the kitchen carrying a bottle of cognac
text: and two glasses, He looks down at Judy, then pours
text: cognac into the two glasses and sets the bottle down.
speaker_heading: vt “- SCOTTIE '
dialog: Hére, Judy. Take it straight . :
dialog: _Sown. It's medicine.
text: Jady raises her tear-streaked face.
dialog: “ (Pleading) °
dialog: Why are you soing this? What
dialog: _ good will it do
text: She takes the glass from his outstretched hand,
dialog: “ow "“SCOTTIE “" °
dialog: I°don't know. “No good, I guess.
dialog: But I don't know,
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Shs"takies’ a” lari sip of cognac, makes a face, and
text: puts the glass away, As she does:
scene_heading: + ~~~ TUDE eee
dialog: | (teartullyy
dialog: I Wish you'd leave me alone.
dialog: I want to go away. | . - -
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: You can.
dialog: No, 3 you wouldn't let me.
dialog: Then, almost to
dialog: hérself’) votes
dialog: _And I don't want to go....
text: Scottie comes down to her and puts his hands on her
text: arms and holds her and looks into her eyes intently.
speaker_heading: oa ~~ SCOTTIE
dialog: fiay, I'want to tell you: these
dialog: past few days have been the first
dialog: happy days I've had ina year. .
speaker_heading: JUDE
dialog: "(Sadly)"
dialog: Tikmow. Because I remind you of
dialog: dr, ‘The one’ that's dead.
dialog: not even that, very mich,
dialog: 9-12-57 : (Continued)
dialog: 6
dialog: (
dialog: ra
speaker_heading: UAL
speaker_heading: U
dialog: wv
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: aw FROM AMONG THE DEAD 12h.
dialog: 236. (Cont'd) |
dialog: , scorns |
dialog: * (Meaning it
dialog: No... it's you too, Judy. Some-
dialog: thing in you. )
text: She looks at him with ea new spark of hope, and her |
text: eyes are. almost willing him to kiss her, But then '
text: he drops his hands from her arms, and the glow fades
text: from her eyes, and she looks away.
dialog: “+ (Duly) ;
dialog: You don't even want to touch : '
dialog: me. -
speaker_heading: ~ SCOTTIE :
dialog: * (Grimly)
dialog: . _, yes. Yes, I do.
text: He -Yises and walks away toward the window. She looks
text: after him, then rises and almost runs to him,
dialog: Couldn't yoti like me, just me,
dialog: the’ way Iam?! “When we first
dialog: Started out it was so’ good! We
dialog: Bad"fin! “And then you started
dialog: on the clothes! I'll wear the
dialog: darnéd clothes if you want me tot
dialog: If you'll just like met
text: They are'face to face,and Scottie is studying her
text: Sombérly. “Beyond them, through the window, we can
dialog: see that magnificent symbol, the Coit Tower,
dialog: i - (study
dialog: The color of your hair....
speaker_heading: ° JUDY
dialog: Ah, not
text: “oe SCOTTTE .
dialog: Judy, please! It can't matter
dialog: to you...
text: She shrinks a little, and is defeated. .
dialog: cme eee yupy
dialog: The trouble is, I'm gone, now.
dialog: For you, And I can't do am
dialog: about it. I want you to love me.
dialog: 9-12-57 a (Contimed)
dialog: ie)
text: 3 Aw FROM AMONG THE DEAD 125.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 236. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: ~) JUDY (Cont'd) . :
dialog: If I let you reasge me, will that
dialog: 45 do it? If I do what you tell me,
dialog: ° will you love me?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: A JUDY .
dialog: Austen, ‘Then I'll do it.”
dialog: Beéause I don't care about me
dialog: anymore, I just want you to
dialog: love me. :
scene_heading: ~ LONG PAUSE.
dialog: ‘ (Gently)
dialog: Itll take you home.
scene_heading: 5 DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 2376 INT. ELIZABETH ARDEN SALON - _ (DAY)
text: f The ‘first impact is of SOUND, of the buzz of hair
text: "N dtyers and the shrill cacophony of female voices
text: CO talking and laughing. Scottie is leaning at the
text: : doorway leading into the inner salon, The CAMERA
text: PANS AWAY from him through another door and comes
text: t6 REST on a big head of Judy, covered with soap
text: stds, bent over a basin.’ One of the Beauty Operators
text: looks out toward Scottie, then walks out to him,
dialog: >
speaker_heading: “*" OPERATOR
dialog: Im afraid it's going to be
dialog: Sévétal hours, The young lady
dialog: thotight: perhaps you'd like to
dialog: #6 home, and she'll come there
dialog: i} os soon as she's finished.
dialog: ” ~~" "* “SCorrTis
dialog: on, ‘Well... no; Tell her I'll
dialog: @6 to her’hotel, and wait for
dialog: Ber there,
dialog: 5 wo
text: She starts to turn away. Scottie stops her.
dialog: ~ vt: scormrg |
dialog: Oh} You're sure about the
dialog: color of the hair,
dialog: (~ 9-12-57 (Contimued )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 237.
dialog: 238.
dialog: 239.
dialog: 2h0.
dialog: 
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 126. ,
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: OPERATOR .
dialog: Oh, yes. It's an easy color.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: And the rest of ---
text: He waves a hand over his face.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR : ;
dialog: Yes, sir. We kmow what you y
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: All right. Thanks,
text: He turns away after a last glance toward Judy.
text: The last we see of the salon is Judy's head, as
text: she turns to try to see through soap.suds to where
text: Scottie. has been standing.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: ‘INT. JUDY'S BEDROOM, THE HOTEL - (DAY)
text: Scottie is wandering impatiently, smoking. Some of
text: the Ransohoff boxes are piled in a corner, Then,
text: abruptly he strides to the window. He looks, and
text: becomes tense,
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET = (DAY)
text: From Scottie's viewpoint, Judy is walking up the
text: street, She-wears the gray suit from Ransohoff's
text: the high-heeled black shoes, and her hair is now
text: blonde, But it hangs about her face in the usual
text: way. She does not look up. She turns into the
dialog: entrance of the hotel,
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM = (DAY)
text: Scottie watches her until he loses sight of her
text: directly below as she goes in the front door,
text: He turns and looks toward the bedroom door and
text: waits. Then, impatiently, he strides to the door
text: and goes out into the corridor,
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR ~ (DAY)
text: Scottie looks along the corridor.
speaker_heading: iG
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: oC
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: A he.
dialog: y
dialog: 243.
dialog: 5 abe
dialog: 26.
dialog: >
dialog: ne
dialog: a]
dialog: 5
dialog: dy
dialog: ae
dialog: 9-12-57
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 127.
scene_heading: FROM HIS VIEWPOINT |
dialog: The corridor is empty. . }
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE |
text: tensely waiting.
scene_heading: FROM HIS VIEWPOINT :
text: Judy turns the corner, moving towards him. |
text: AS SCOTTIE WATCHES CRITICALLY ‘
text: Judy comes up to him, He backs..thto the room, Judy
dialog: following. : :
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BEDROOM = (DAY)
dialog: 
text: As Judy comes into the room, Scottie closes the deor
text: without taking his eyes from her. She looks at him
text: gravely - and holds out her hand, as though hoping
text: for praise for the transformation. Her eyebrows
text: have been plucked, her makeup lightened, her lip-
dialog: stick changed and she now bears much more of a re=
text: semblance to Madeleine.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: We11?
speaker_heading: ScOTTIE
dialog: It should be back from your
text: face - with a bun at the neck,
dialog: I.told them. I told you.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: We tried it. It didn't ‘suit
dialog: me. .
text: Scottie abruptly goes to her, takes her hanging hair,
text: with with both hands pulls it to the back so that
dialog: her ears show,
text: Judy looks at him, half-angry, half-scared.
text: Scottie, seeing the look in her eyes, takes his hands
text: away. The hair falls forward again,
speaker_heading: ScOTTIE
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: ~ Tw
dialog: 2k6.
dialog: On
dialog: Or
dialog: ah.
dialog: o>
dialog: c
speaker_heading: XN
speaker_heading: OW
dialog: 248.
dialog: 4
dialog: io
dialog: 249.
dialog: 
dialog: “. 9412-57
dialog: 
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD
dialog: (Cont'd) .
text: They look at one another for a moment. Then Scottie
text: asks, almost humbly:
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Judy -- please --<
text: Judy doesn't answer for a moment, then she draws a
text: deep breath, and turns resignedly away. She crosses
text: to the mirror over a chest of drawers. Scottie
text: watches as she picks up a couple of pins from a
text: glass tray, and scoops up a handful of hair.
text: Scottie stands watching in silence. His eyes follow
text: every move. We hear the tinkle of pins of the glass
dialog: Pays
scene_heading: FROM SCOTTIE'S VIEWPOINT
text: Judy slowly turns from the mirror to face him. She
text: looks exactly like Madeleine - her hair pulled back
text: and done in a bun at the back of the neck. She
text: stands there looking at him.
text: SCOTTIE looks at her in wonder, his eyes shining.
text: JUDY takes a step towards him, rewarded by his
dialog: expression,
text: SCOTTIE moves over and takes Judy in his arms,
speaker_heading: BIG BEADS
dialog: of the two of them, together,
text: AROUND the big heads. Scottie holds her tighter
text: and tighter. He looks past her shoulder and we
text: see that his eyes are closed, because at last he
text: holds Madeleine in his arms once more.
text: He opens his eyes = the CAMERA SWIMS AROUND the room,
speaker_heading: The CAMERA MOVES
text: WE_ARE NOW IN THE LIVERY STABLE AT SAN JUAN BAUTISTA
text: with Scottie holding Madeleine tight in his arms,
dialog: kissing her. We see this for oniy the briefest
dialog: moment before it
text: DISSOLVES AWAY TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: ~ rw FROM AMONG THE DEAD 129.
text: a 250. BACK IN THE HOTEL ROOM
text: Scottie kisses her as he did in the livery stables.
text: ~ As he kisses her, and she turns his kiss, the
text: - CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY and their two figures are
text: \ eld in the center of the room,
speaker_heading: ) DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: lo +5
scene_heading: 251. INT, JUDY'S BEDROOM = (EARLY EVENING)
speaker_heading: 1
text: } : The window shades are drawn, the lights in the room
text: j have been lit, Scottie is sitting, relaxed, thumbing
text: } through a magazine idly. The jacket of his suit is
text: oO: hung over the back of a chair. The bathroom door is
text: > open. There is a full length mirror on the back of
text: the bathroom door, and we catch occasional glimpses
text: of Judy as she moves about inside. Scottie looks up
text: as she calls to him. Her voice is light and happy.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: OF 7, 0 Where shall we go for dinner?
dialog: \ . :
speaker_heading: SCOTTI
dialog: Wherever you'd like.:
dialog: ( : Ernie's?
dialog: oO os Sraie's?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: You've got a thing about Ernie's,
dialog: haven't you?
dialog: 3 suby
dialog: q _ Well, after all, it's "our place."
text: She comes out of the bathroom, happy and. contented,
text: She wears. the black cocktail dress, her blonde hair
text: is done up in the Madeleine way. She stops to pose
text: a . and show off the dress, and smiles across at him
text: Q . lovingly.
speaker_heading: JODY
dialog: Hello, my love, Like me? .
text: > Be: regards her admiringly with a small, contented
dialog: £) grin.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Mom,
dialog: oan soupy
dialog: a € Is that the best you can do?
speaker_heading: oa 9a 2257 (Continued)
dialog: A
text: ? ™ FROM AMONG THE DEAD 130.
dialog: A 251. (Cont'd)
text: She turns to. the mirror over the dresser.
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: Come here.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: , Oh, no. You'll muss ms.
scene_heading: 3 . SCOTTIE
dialog: That's what I had in mind,
dialog: | .
speaker_heading: gUDY
dialog: Too late, Itve got my face on,
text: She has opened the candy box, rummages around in the
text: jewelry, comes up with some earrings, holds one up to
text: her ear to see what it looks like, decides against it,
text: finds some other earrings, small and neat, and puts
dialog: them on, During this:
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: I'm suddenly hungry. Would you
dialog: rather go somewhere else?
dialog: Scorrie
dialog: No, Ernie's is fine.
dialog: oF - ” yoox
dialog: Itm going to have one of those
dialog: big, beautiful steaks, And...
dialog: wet's see....to start.....
text: (3 During this she has taken a necklace out of the box, .
text: and is trying to fasten it around her neck, But the
dialog: clasp won't work.
dialog: ° JoDy
dialog: Oh} Help me with this, will you?
text: 1B ' She backs u; a step, still holding the necklace in
text: Place, and Scottie rises from his chair and comes up
text: = back of her, He takes the ends of the necklace
dialog: rom her, .
speaker_heading: Ww
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: Itve got it.
dialog: By °
text: - He.bends dow and bites the back of her neck.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: . Ow! You're supposed to fasten it!
dialog: wes 9-12-57 : , (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: on
dialog: >
dialog: 
dialog: aw
dialog: 251. (Gont'd) |
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 131.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: All in good time.
text: He bites her again,
dialog: Scottie!
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: How does it work?
dialog: Can't you see?.
speaker_heading: “ ‘ SCOTTIE
dialog: — .0B, yeah. There. _ -
text: As" Reis fastening it he glancés into the mirror and
text: sees the necklace clearly for the first time. His :
dialog: Syés" are immediately startled with the shock of :
text: recogmition, and he stares, wondering why. The CAMERA
text: ZOOMS IN to’'a“ closeup of the necklace in the mirror;
text: then, with a click, ‘the closeup changes to a closeup
text: of the nécklace painted on canvas. The CAMERA DRAWS
text: BACK ‘to”°show the necklace around the neck of. Carlotta
text: in the portrait, the same. necklace, Now the CAMERA
text: DRAWS BACK to show the Art Gallery, with the Portrait
text: of Carlotta on the far wall. The'scene click-changes
text: toe BIG HEAD of SCOTTIE, staring, and during this we
text: hear Judy chattering away.
speaker_heading: ‘ JUDY'S VOICE
dialog: Thank you, darling. Now I'm just
dialog: about ready; I just have to find
dialog: my lipstick, Where did I put it?
dialog: I had it a minute ago. 2
dialog: . (Her voice fading) .
dialog: Did I leave it in here? Oh, yes,
dialog: here it'ist — . Se
dialog: ~" “(Her voice fading in)
dialog: All right, I'm ready.
dialog: His"eyes’ mové Ii thé direction of the voice, and now
text: we See her, standing a few feet from him, smiling at
text: him, She walks to him with « loving smile.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: But first.... muss me a little. :
text: She puta her arms around him and presses against him,
text: and lays her head against his chest with a happy sigh.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
text: . aw FROM AMONG THE DEAD “132.
dialog: 251. (Cont'd) . )
speaker_heading: : JUDY
dialog: Ah, Scottie.... I do have you, noW..e.
dialog: 
text: He raises his arms as though to embrace her, moves his j
text: harids to her shoulders, and one senses for a moment
dialog: that he is going to press her too hard, or that he '
text: way move his hands to her throat. But then he lays
text: | Wiis hands gently on her back, and closes his eyes !
text: Oo. wearily, and rests his head on the top of hers,
speaker_heading: SCOTTTE : )
dialog: } : . : “ (Softly) j
dialog: ! How would you like to go some-
dialog: i where out of town for dinner? !
dialog: O35 .. ...DPive down the peninsula, somewhere?
text: She moves her head, and he raises his and opens his
text: eyes, and she smiles up at him, .
speaker_heading: . * JUDY
dialog: D> __ ._All right, if you'd like,
text: She"reaches up and kisses him briefly on the mouth.
text: He smiles a small, enigmatic smile.
speaker_heading: C . DISSOLVE T:
scene_heading: 252. EX?. HIGHWAY LOL ~- (NIGHT) - LONG SHOT
text: Scottie's car headed south, in brilliant moonlight.
dialog: 
scene_heading: oe? 253. INT, SCOTTTE'S cAR - (MOONLIGHT)
text: Séottie at the wisel, Judy alongside. She glances
dialog: at him, wondering, °
dialog: e > We're going awfully far.
scene_heading: oo L7 SCOTTTE - .
speaker_heading: Lk
dialog: 6° Yo, it's all right,
speaker_heading: / DISSOLVE TO: ,
dialog: . 9212-57
dialog: cf
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 3
dialog: vp ist
dialog: 25h.
dialog: 2ohA.
dialog: 255.
dialog: 2554.
dialog: 2558.
dialog: 255c.
dialog: 256.
dialog: &
dialog: 257.
dialog: 258.
dialog: 
scene_heading: Change § FROM AMONG THE DEAD 10-29-57 133.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT, HIGHWAY 101 - (NIGHT)
text: Scottie's car enters the avenue of tall trees we saw
text: once before along this road. They look sinister in
dialog: the moonlight.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - (MOONLIGHT)
text: Shooting forward, we are as though in the front seat
text: of Scottie's car, travelling fast, looking up and
text: ahead to the distant end of the tunnel, and the tall
text: trees flashing by.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - (MOONLIGHT )
text: Scottie is staring straight ahead, concentrating on
text: his driving. Judy is staring up at the tall trees,
text: wondering, her brow furrowed. Her memory is stirred,
dialog: but she can't. think why.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S' CAR - (MOONLIGHT)
text: Shooting forward and up through the windshield. The
text: tops of the tall trees flashing past. Judy's face,
text: highlighted from the dash lights below, faintly
dialog: reflected.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - (MOONLIGHT) - CLOSE SHOT
text: Judy turns her gaze from the flashing tree tops and
text: looks off at Scottie.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - (MOONLIGHT) - CLOSE SHOT
text: Scottie, still concentrating on his driving, and ’
text: looking straight ahead.
speaker_heading: OMITTED.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTIE'S CAR - (MOONLIGHT)
text: Judy looking at Scottie, puzzled and slightly appre-
dialog: hensive. .
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Where are you going?.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
scene_heading: vp ist Change FROM AMONG THE DEAD 10-27-57 1334.
dialog: oo. ,
dialog: - 258. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: a] SCOTTIE
dialog: 3 (wryly)
dialog: To complete my cure.
text: He glances at her and smiles nicely.
speaker_heading: iO ScoTTiIs
dialog: > One final thing I have to do,
dialog: and then I'll be rid of the
dialog: past, - forever,
text: : He looks ahead thoughtfully.
dialog: b
scene_heading: 2 5 DISSOLVE TO: °
dialog: |
dialog: I
speaker_heading: O32
dialog: f
dialog: ab?
dialog: 12 >
dialog: - 2
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: oOo”
dialog: of
dialog: cad
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Ce
dialog: 2
dialog: >
speaker_heading: VY
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ph
dialog: 259.
dialog: 260.
dialog: 261.
dialog: 9-12 -57
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 13h.
scene_heading: EXT. MISSION SAN JUAN BAUTISTA - (NIGHT) - LONG HIGH SHOT
text: Quiet, empty, sinister, bathed in moonlight. Far
text: below we see Scottie's car crawl into the square
text: and pass along the road around the green and come
text: to a stop near the entrance tothe church.
text: distant church clock chimes the half-hour.
scene_heading: “INT, SCOTTIE'S CAR - (MOONLIGHT) - CLOSE SHOT
text: Judy's face, rigid, frightened, her eyes filled
text: with-apprehension. Then, with an effort, she
text: composes herself and glances at Scottie with
text: calm questioning. But he is turned away from
text: her, opening his door to get out.
scene_heading: EXT, SAN JUAN BAUTISTA ~ (NIGHT)
text: Scottie comes around the car and opens Judy's door.
speaker_heading: : JUDY :
dialog: “Scottie, why are we here? m.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: I told. you. I have to go back
dialog: into the past. Once more. For
dialog: the: last time. .
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: But why? Why here?
speaker_heading: ‘SCOrTIE. ”
dialog: _ ., Madeleine died here.
text: Pause. He holds out his hand. She shrinks,
dialog: frightened. :
speaker_heading: JUDY :
dialog: No, I don’t want to go. I want
dialog: to stay here. .
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: I need you. .
dialog: : goby
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: I can't do it alone. I need you,
dialog: = to be Madeleine for a while.
dialog: qhen, when it's done, we'll both be
dialog: ree. :
dialog: (Continued
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ph
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: 261. (Cont'd)
dialog: 262.
speaker_heading: Ge12-57
dialog: 
scene_heading: FROM AMONG TEE DEAD 1356 —
text: He draws her out of the car.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: I'm scared.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: So am I, But it has to be done.
dialog: I have to tell you about Madeleine, i
dialog: now. :
dialog: |
dialog: |
text: He closes the car door and leads her. slightly away,
text: and they stop and look across the green toward the
dialog: Livery Stable.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Theresesee
text: He points to the Livery Stable, bathed in moonlight.
speaker_heading: SCOrTiIE .
dialog: +: + ees We stood there and I kissed
dialog: her, for the last time. And she
dialog: said, "If you lose me, you'll
dialog: imow that I loved you -<-= -
dialog: (Pleadine),
dialog: Scottie---
speaker_heading: ‘SCOorriE
dialog: (Going right on)
dialog: errand wanted to go on loving soe
dialog: you." And I said, “I won't : .
dialog: lose. " - -
dialog: Gause)
dialog: But I did.
text: He turns slowly, and Judy with him, and he docks,
text: up. Her eyes follow his.
speaker_heading: FROM THEIR ANGLE
text: The high church tower in the moonlight.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE'S VOICE
dialog: She turned and ran.... into
dialog: the church.....
speaker_heading: Vv
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: x
speaker_heading: J
dialog: ke
dialog: 26h.
dialog: 265.
dialog: 266.
dialog: 267.
dialog: 
dialog: 136.
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD
dialog: SCOTTIE AND JUDY , '
text: He puts his arm around her protectively but firmly,
text: and begins to impel her gently to the church.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH, SAN JUAN BAUTISTA ~ (MOONLIGHT)
text: SHOOTING from the door. Scottie impels Judy to
dialog: the door,
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: eooedAnd when I followed her, it
dialog: was too late.....
text: The CAMERA PULLS AROUND as his free hand goes to
dialog: try the door. .
speaker_heading: ° JUDY
dialog: (Frightened) st
dialog: I don't want to go in there!
text: Scottie pushes the door open. ,
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
speaker_heading: cove FOO lateccece
text: He pushes her into the church with gentle firmess,.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH, SAN JUAN BAUTISTA - (NIGHT)
text: The darkness is relieved by shafts of moonlight.
text: Scottie impels Judy toward the foot of the tower.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: I couldn't find her. Then I
text: heard her footsteps on the stairs.
text: She was running up the tower.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH TOWER ~ (NIGHT)
text: It 4s lit by shafts of moonlight through the slit
text: windows. Scottie comes into the area holding Judy.
text: He looks up.
scene_heading: FROM SCOTTIE'S ANGLE:
text: the open stairway spiralling upward.
speaker_heading: - S$COTTIE'S VOICE
dialog: She ran up those stairs... and
text: through the door at the top of
text: ‘the tower, and locked it behind
text: her. Then she jumped.
dialog: 
dialog: 268.
dialog: 
dialog: +
dialog: 2
dialog: 5
dialog: 2
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 137.
text: BACK TO SCOTTIE AND JUDY
text: He is still staring up. Judy is rigid with fright
dialog: and the memory of that moment.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: And I couldn't follow her.
text: (He closes his eyes in
dialog: the agony of remembering)
dialog: God imows I tried.
text: (He glances down) ‘
dialog: One doesn't often get a second
dialog: chance, I want to stop being
dialog: haunted. You're my second
dialog: chance, Judy. - :
speaker_heading: : JODY
dialog: _ (A frightened whisper)
dialog: Take me away...
speaker_heading: . SCOTTIE
dialog: You look like Madeleine, now,
dialog: Go up the stairs,
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: No}
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Go up the stairs, Judy.
dialog: ( her to
dialog: the step)
dialog: I'll follow.
text: She starts up slowly, unwillingly. Scottie follows
text: behind her, fighting to keep the impending vertigo
text: under control, trying to keep his eyes fixed on her
text: back to avoid looking up into space, They move up
text: in silence, and in shadow, their faces occasionally
text: lit by shafts of moonlight that stream through the
text: open arches of the tower, Judy's eyes are wide and
text: staring; her face and body are stiff with the struggle
dialog: to keep from breaking under the strain of remembering
dialog: the last.time she went up these stairs. And Scottie
text: fights his way up behind her.
text: Judy slows down and comes to a halt at the landing
dialog: that Scottie barely reached the last time, at the
text: moment of death, She leans her back against the
text: wall for support. Scottie struggles up and comes
text: to a halt near her, PAUSE, as he gathers himself
dialog: ‘for the last assault.
speaker_heading: co & 9a12657
speaker_heading: “Y
speaker_heading: J
dialog: {Continued )
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: 2 mw FROM AMONG THE DEAD " 138.
speaker_heading: 268, (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: CN .
speaker_heading: ee SCOTTIE
dialog: CC (Quietly)
dialog: > This was as faras I could get.
dialog: But you... went on. Remember?
text: , She stiffens, and stares at him.
speaker_heading: lo ‘ ScoTTrE
dialog: > The necklace, Madeleine, That was
dialog: the slip. I remembered the necklace.
text: A moment, then suddenly she ducks and tries to run
text: st him down the stairs, He grabs her wrist and
dialog: 
text: ‘lds on.
dialog: Qs :
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: We're going up the tower, Madeleine.
dialog: , suDy
dialog: ‘Hot Let me gol
speaker_heading: O93
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: We're going up the tower.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: . You can't, You're afraid)
speaker_heading: OT * scorers
dialog: ‘Itm going to. It's my second
dialog: Ces -
text: : He starts to drag her up the. stairs and she fights it,
dialog: > close to hysteria,
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Scottie, please...!
speaker_heading: ScoTrtiE
dialog: > But you knew, that day, that
dialog: > . I wouldn't be able to follow
dialog: you, didn't ‘you. Who was at
dialog: the top when you got there?
dialog: Elster! _ With his- wite? :
speaker_heading: . JUDY
dialog: 2 . Yess .
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: And she was the one who died.
dialog: Not you. The real wife. You
dialog: were the copy, you were the
dialog: counterfeit, Was she dead or
dialog: alive when you got there?
dialog: 9-12-57 . ‘ ‘ (Continued )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: rw . FROM AMONG THE DEAD 139.
speaker_heading: XD 268, (Cont'd)
dialog: c > : Dead. Hota broken her neck,
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Took no chances, did he? And when
dialog: you got there, he pushed her off
dialog: : the tower, was that it? But you
dialog: Oo > were the one who screamed,
dialog: did you scream? . :
speaker_heading: JUDY .
dialog: I wanted to stop it, I ran
dialog: up to stop it «<<
dialog: ( eine)
dialog: Overlapping
dialog: Why? Since you'd tricked me so
dialog: well up to then?!!] You played
dialog: his wife so well,-Judy! He made
dialog: D>. you over, didn't he? just as
dialog: ° VO . I've done. But better! Not :
dialog: : jast the hair and the clothes}<-
dialog: the look! the manner! the words!
dialog: Those beautiful phony trances! .
dialog: : : : . That jump into the Bay! Iti.
dialog: ~ . : bet you're really a strong.
dialog: tT: . oo : vr, aren't you! Aren't youl)
text: ‘The blind, frantic nodding of her head as she struggles
text: against him is his affirmation.
speaker_heading: 5 0 : SCOTTIE 4
dialog: 4.7 : . Did he train you? Rehearse you?
dialog: . Teach you what to say and what to do?
speaker_heading: _ JUDY
dialog: . Yes} .
dialog: 2 Soe “+” scorers
dialog: u
dialog: And you were such an apt pupil!
dialog: What fun you two mst have had,
dialog: ‘ying games with me} Why me?
dialog: “aid he pick on me?1}3 :
speaker_heading: > . JODY ”
dialog: 2 Your accident...
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Ah, yes! Iwasa set-up. I was
dialog: the made-to-order witness. Where
dialog: ( is he now?
dialog: 9~12-57 (Continued)
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: _ aw FROM AMONG THE DEAD iho.
speaker_heading: 268. (Cont'd)
dialog: oO I don't kmow,... Switzerland?....
speaker_heading: , 2 SCOTTIE
dialog: | Wetll find. him,
text: They have reached the door to the tower and he stops,
text: q with a grim, almost triumphant smile. !
dialog: ? . iv + scorrre
dialog: . I made it.
dialog: “*"" JopY .
dialog: “"" CAppréhensive )
dialog: HO > What are you going to do?
dialog: "7 ““SCOTTrE: ‘
dialog: Look at the scene of the crime,
dialog: Smee OM ee .
dialog: | . |
text: O> . He pushes the door open. She shrinks back.
dialog: | , tome ScoTrrE
dialog: | . . & ont - - ~ -
text: : ; Ee pushes her through @ and follows her in. “,
dialog: OD wes .
scene_heading: | 269. INT, BELL TOWER - (NIGHT) .
text: The ‘black shadows are cut’ by shafts of mocnlight.
text: Heavy beams support ‘the great bell hangin= at the
dialog: ~ cénter,. Thére are additional temporary scpport beams. !
text: 7 Jady" backs up against the stonework as Sccttie looks
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: * SCOTTIE .
dialog: You both hid behind there, mm?...
dialog: . tI everything was clear... then’
text: 4 Sneaked down and drove back to the
dialog: b city.
dialog: : (Gtances: at her)
dialog: And ‘then?’ You were his girl.
dialog: . What 3 happened to you?
text: 3 .. She stares at him, wide-eyed with apprehension.
dialog: Oo -
speaker_heading: ~ “SCOTTIE
dialog: . pia t he ditch you?
text: An’ almost imperceptible nod from her. Scottie almost
dialog: Jet ., , banghs.
dialog: * 9~12 “37 (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: aw FROM AMONG THE DEAD , 1p.
speaker_heading: 269. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: COTITE
dialog: on, Judy!3 “Then he had all her
dialog: money, and the freedom and the i
dialog: power,,.he ditched you? What a i
dialog: shamé}' But he knew he was safe. :
dialog: You couldn't talk, Didn't he i
dialog: - give you enything? ,
dialog: 
dialog: ~ (Peiatly)
dialog: Some. money..e
dialog: “ """SgoTTTR -
text: . Kid ‘the nécitlace. “Carlotta's neck-
dialog: > late. “That was your mistake, Judy.
dialog: One ‘shéuldn't keep souvenirs of a
dialog: Killing.” You shouldn't have been
dialog: | _ baat sentimental.
text: HR tioment, as he stares at her, then he advances on
text: her slowly.
dialog: 
dialog: ' : --
speaker_heading: JUDY
speaker_heading: | 7“ ‘tAappreiensive)
dialog: | | : What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: OO ~SCOTTIE '
dialog: : ” -{sortry ) . -
dialog: I loved you, Madeleine.
dialog: “""" JODY
dialog: / : “"(Désperately)' ~
dialog: or > Twas! Safe'when you found ms, there
dialog: #as nothing you could prove! But
dialog: When I saw you again I couldn't
dialog: Pun away, I loved you'so! I walked
dialog: j into danger and let you change me
dialog: | &@ain because I loved you and
dialog: 2 wanted you!” oo
dialog: » mo (Shé throws’ Herself
dialog: ints . " : .
dialog: Scottie, pléase! You love me now!
dialog: _ove me} Keep me safe!
dialog: 
text: aa Shé is in his arms, pressing tightly against him
text: +) in desperation, and he holds her tight, and they
text: = kiss, déeply, passionately. The kiss ends but they
text: remain together, holding together, and Scottie's
text: eyes are tight with pain and the emotion of hating
text: her and hating himself for loving her.
scene_heading: “CG. 9-12-57 . (Continued)
dialog: >
dialog: i
dialog: t
dialog: i
dialog: \
speaker_heading: L
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: J
dialog: aw
dialog: 269.
dialog: 270.
dialog: 271.
dialog: 272.
dialog: 273.
dialog: 27h.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: FROM AMONG THE DEAD uz.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (Softly, pleading)
dialog: Love me...keep me safe...
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: (Whispe )
dialog: Too late...too late...there's no
dialog: _ bringing her back... |
text: Saddénly Judy's eyes, looking past hin, go wide with |
dialog: horror,
scene_heading: FROM JUDY'S POINT OF VIEW
text: Ths figure of a woman draped in’black stands motion-
text: less in the shadows by the door.
scene_heading: JUDY, IN SCOTTTE'S ARMS, TRANSFTXED
scene_heading: FROM JUDY'S POINT OF VIEW
text: Ths Black figure moves torvard, seems to merge with
text: the shadows and become part of them.
speaker_heading: JODY
text: pulls out of Scottie's arms and backs away, terrified.
dialog: ““tuntapering)
dialog: _Nossaocrs .
text: ‘shi is’ "padiiing’ pertiousty @ Glose to the edge of the
text: drop bélow. “Scottie stares at her for a moment,
text: then swings aroend to see what she is looking abe
scene_heading: FROM SCOTTIE'S POINT oP VIEW
text: The’ black’ figure advances into a shaft of moonlight.
text: It is a nun.
speaker_heading: THE NUN
speaker_heading: . (Sdmply)
dialog: I neard Tolses..,
text: _. There is a. terrible scream.
dialog: 9-12-57 ,
dialog: ‘(Continued )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: +
dialog: 2
dialog: aw
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 143.
dialog: 
dialog: 2th. (Cont'd)
dialog: 275.6
dialog: 
text: Scottie swings around again, steps quickly to the
text: édge and looks down. He backs away, his face tight
text: wien horror, and holds the stonework for support.
text: The Nuh comes into the SHOT. She steels herself to
text: look below. She crosses herself.
speaker_heading: THE NUN
dialog: __, God have mercy...
text: She reaches out for the bell cord. : |
scene_heading: 2, THE BELL TOWER - (NIGHT)
text: THs Ghurch bell is tollings It swings’ in and out of '
text: the picture. Through the archway we can see the Mis-
text: Sfon garden below. Figures are hurrying across to- -
dialog: ward the church. .
speaker_heading: | DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT, MIDGE'S APARTMENT - (NIGET)
text: ‘Miage" is “hnddted in’a chair, listening to the radio.
text: Beyond her, San Francisco at night.
scene_heading: a --""MEE RADIO
dialog: o= wis Idst-heard of living
text: SWitzerlend, but is now thought to
dialog: be residing somewhere in the south
dialog: of Fratice. Captain Hansen states
dialog: that he anticipates no trouble in
text: having Elster extradited once he is
dialog: found, Other news‘on the local
dialog: front: in Berkeley, three University
dialog: of California sophomores found them=
dialog: Sélves in a rather embarrassing
dialog: position tonight when they were
text: aigcovered by Police Officer William
text: . -. Fogarty leading a cow up the steps of -~
text: BY tow Midge has heard” the NOISE outside, has un-
text: soiled from the chair and shut off the radio. She
text: listéiis again for a moment, then moves quiczly to
text: tHe table on which are bottle, glasses and ice.
text: She“starts to mix a strong highbali and dees not
text: turn as she hears the front door open, Sccttie
text: enters and closes the door behind him, His face
dialog: 
text: _ 18 a mask. He moves slowly across the room
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: i.
dialog: 
dialog: rw FROM AMONG THE DEAD Uh.
speaker_heading: ss 276, (Cont'd)
text: and stands by the window, with the view of San Fran-
text: coos cisco beyond him, and looks straight ahead, thinking,
text: y Midge picks up the highball, glances over at him,
text: picks up the bottle and pours in another slug. Then
text: she moves across the room and holds out the drink.
text: Scottie takes it. Midge moves away, picks up her
text: own drink, sits down and looks across the room.
text: Scottie stands quietly, immobile, then raises the
dialog: 
text: na x ~ glass and takes a long pull at the drink, He stares
text: . out at the city.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: Oo >
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
