speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: By
dialog: Max Landis
dialog: Inspired By
dialog: (the American pop-culture zeitgeist's interpretation of)
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: By Mary Shelley
dialog: Second Draft
dialog: 5.23.11
text: Her body is perfect.
speaker_heading: THE TRAPEZE
text: Is eighty feet above the ground. LORELEI, 22, beautiful,
text: arcs through the air, her fingers catching the bar, swinging
text: down, arcing out.
text: From where he is, he can see everything.
text: The Hunchback is happy.
scene_heading: KENT, ENGLAND - 1851
scene_heading: EXT. THE FAIRGROUND
text: It’s a cool, gray morning. The circus is setting up; animals
text: are led here and there, dancers stretch, clowns practice...
text: The Hunchback, 20, sits outside, looking through a rip in the
text: tent, watching Lorelei practice on the trapeze inside.
text: He is dirty; pathologically so. He wears old clown clothes,
text: the colors worn and faded. His slouched posture and messy,
text: overlong hair are offset by bright, intelligent eyes.
text: The Hunchback notices that one of the ropes attached to the
text: trapeze is wearing thin. He grimaces, thinking..
speaker_heading: WE WATCH THE
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK GO
scene_heading: ABOUT HIS DAY:
text: He works around the grounds, helping to set up the circus, as
text: well as tending to the minor aches and pains of the circus
text: crew; they treat him like garbage, but seem to trust his
dialog: judgment.
text: We witness him steal a bottle of ink, and, in between the
text: grunt labor, he very carefully begins to draw out an
text: intricate diagram.
scene_heading: IN A PUP TENT
text: The Hunchback is examining NATHANIEL, 20s, a huge circus
text: strongman. He’s investigating a bruise on his wrist.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Well, it’s not broken-
speaker_heading: NATHANIEL
text: Feels broken.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: It’s not-
speaker_heading: NATHANIEL
dialog: Can I lift or not.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Master Nathaniel, it’s not that
dialog: simple-
speaker_heading: NATHANIEL
dialog: It’s that simple.
text: The Hunchback takes a beat, then brings out his diagram.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I’ve made you a diagram, of a wrist
dialog: support I could construct if-
text: Nathaniel grabs the diagram and rips it to shreds.
speaker_heading: NATHANIEL
dialog: I don’t care for any bloody
dialog: diagram. If it’s broken, I can’t
dialog: lift, if it’s not, I can.
text: The Hunchback stares at the shredded diagram.
scene_heading: NIGHT, AT THE
scene_heading: KITCHEN TRAILER
text: The whole staff of the circus is lined up for food. The
text: Hunchback is several times jostled out of line, forced to the
text: back, before finally getting his dinner.
text: He goes and sits alone at the edge of the fairground.
text: Lorelei speaks, startling him.
speaker_heading: LORELEI (0.S.)
dialog: We've been spending so much time in
dialog: cities I feel like I forgot what
text: the stars looked like.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: You ought to spend more dinners
text: sitting and eating in mud alone,
dialog: gives one perspective I think.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: You really could come eat with us.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: That hasn’t worked out so well in
dialog: the past, has it?
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: There’s always-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I think I’m good here for now.
dialog: Thank you for coming to see me,
dialog: you’re much easier to talk to than
dialog: the...flies.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: I actually have a gift. When I
dialog: went into town today, I saw that it
dialog: was being thrown out...
text: She hands him a book, stained and torn: “PERCY’S MUSCLES OF
text: THE BODY.” His face lights up in a way that didn’t seem
text: possible as he trudged through his miserable day.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: What really, really you did, oh
dialog: this is, this is splendid, thank
dialog: you! Thank you Lorelei, just
dialog: splendid, and it’s only- it’s only
dialog: three years out of date! This is,
dialog: oh this is the tops, this is-
text: The fanfare of the circus starts up in the distance, and
text: Lorelei perks up.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: Well, that’s my cue to go get
dialog: ready. I wouldn’t want to upset
dialog: dear Lord Barnaby.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I don’t know how to thank you for
dialog: this, I don’t-
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: I know how you like your books-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Wait, Master Lorelei!
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: -.-Yes?
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I saw, when you were practicing...
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: -.-Yes?
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I saw maybe something was wrong,
text: with the riggings. On the trapeze.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thank you, sir. I’1l take it up
text: with Mr. Plough.
text: The Hunchback gives an uncertain smile. Lorelei heads off,
text: and he stares at his new book.
scene_heading: INT. THE HUNCHBACK’S RAIL-—CAR
text: It’s a large car for hauling equipment, but the back the
text: Hunchback has carved out a little den for himself. Across
text: from it is another makeshift living space, in which sits
text: RAFFERTY, 20s, a dwarf, a person so ratlike the term “human”
dialog: seems generous.
text: The Hunchback hurries in, changing out of his stained, dirty
text: work shirt and into his stained, dirty clown costume.
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY
dialog: Oi lookadis, into the make-up then.
dialog: I seem to have eaten all your
dialog: cheese, haven’t I?
text: The Hunchback stops applying his make-up, hurt.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Rafferty, I asked you not to, I was
dialog: saving it-
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY
dialog: Oi, right, but I have, and now
dialog: you're bein a bit cruel. And here
dialog: I am, forced to sleep in a storage
dialog: compartment with the likes of you,
dialog: and you're going to act like a
dialog: selfish ponce and horde your
dialog: cheese? It goes to show poverty
dialog: don’t make you humble, I think.
text: The Hunchback continues applying his make-up, annoyed.
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY (CONT’D)
dialog: I didn’t touch your bookie-doos, if
dialog: that’s what you’re worried about.
text: The Hunchback finishes his make-up, and hurriedly opens a
text: trunk: in it is his library, dozens of beaten up, worn out
text: medical glossaries and study texts, lovingly taken care of.
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, suspicion is a sign of
dialog: weakness.
text: The Hunchback carefully places his new book in with the rest,
text: grabs his juggling pins, and hurries out.
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t bother with goodbyes!
text: Manners apparently another casualty
dialog: of your ailment!
scene_heading: INT. THE CIRCUS
text: The circus is going full swing. The Hunchback heads out with
text: several other clowns, doing pratfalls, slapstick; he’s not
text: bad, though it’s clear the exertion hurts his tender back.
dialog: 5.
text: He settles into a juggling routine, and then is distracted by
text: Lorelei starting her routine high above him.
speaker_heading: BARNABY (0.S.)
dialog: If you’d all direct your eyes
dialog: skyward, you will see the work of
dialog: our amazing aerialists as-
text: Barnaby’s voice fades as The Hunchback focuses in: He sees
text: that a rag has been affixed to the frayed bit of rope to
text: reenforce it. The frayed rope stretches, swings, stretches—
speaker_heading: BARNABY (CONT'D)
dialog: Get! Get!
text: BARNABY Elliot, 40s, unpleasant and red-faced in his
text: ringmaster’s uniform, shoves the Hunchback, startling him.
text: The Hunchback realizes all the other clowns have gone off,
text: and rushes self-consciously out of the limelight.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HUNCHBACK’S RAIL-CAR - LATER
text: The Hunchback lays on the roof of the railcar, the train
text: stretching out to either side. He begins quietly whistling.
text: The slats beneath him drop out, and the Hunchback falls ten
text: feet to the dirt. He starts to stand, and Barnaby slaps him
text: in the face.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: You stay out of the center ring
text: with the rest of the clowns.
text: Barnaby storms off, leaving the Hunchback alone in the mud.
scene_heading: INT. THE HUNCHBACK’S RAIL-CAR - DAY
text: The train is in motion, rattling loudly up the tracks through
text: the countryside. The Hunchback lays on his cot, reading
text: through his new Percy’s Muscles of The Body, cross-—
text: referencing it to another book.
text: This one, green with leather binding, is marked “THOMPSON’S
scene_heading: ANATOMY - For Doctors And Surgeons - Fifth Edition.”
text: The Hunchback mumbles something under his breath, and then
text: scratches out a sentence in Percy’s with a piece of charcoal.
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY
dialog: What’s all that grunting, there?
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I found an error in Percy’s. It’s
dialog: got a lot of new information, but
dialog: Thompson’s refutes this bit-—
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY
dialog: Very, uh- inter-lectual. And what
dialog: makes you think that it’s not
dialog: Thompson that’s got it all wrong?
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Thompson’s is the absolute best,
dialog: with contributions from the
dialog: greatest doctors the world over,
scene_heading: RAFFERTY HUNCHBACK
dialog: No mistaking an ulna for a No mistaking an ulna for a
dialog: radius in Thompson's, I know, radius in-
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY
dialog: My god you really think you’re
dialog: smart, don’t you? What an
dialog: embarrassment that must be.
text: The Hunchback sighs, complacent, but then notices something
text: out of a slat in the side of the train. He hurriedly closes
text: his books and rushes to a ladder going up to the roof.
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! What’s all this-
scene_heading: EXT. THE HUNCHBACK’S RAIL-CAR - ROOF
text: The Hunchback bursts out onto the top of the rail car,
text: struggling against the wind for a moment.
text: The train stretches out like a great steel centipede, and
text: beyond it, on the horizon...London. The city, still barely
text: visible, sits in a puddle of smog, dense and brown-black.
text: Rafferty comes out of nowhere, shoving the Hunchback aside.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Is that-
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY
dialog: London....Beautiful, innit?
scene_heading: EXT. THE THAMES
text: The river Thames flows blue-black through the center of
text: London, a city finding its feet as the first true metropolis.
text: We watch as the Hunchback helps unpack the train, and a
text: vacant lot is transformed into a fairground. As the
text: Hunchback helps to raise the big-top tent, thunder booms in
text: the distant skies.
text: LATER...
text: The Big-Top is up. The circus is just starting to get going
text: full-swing. People mill around outside, funneling in.
dialog: 7.
text: A young man moves through the masses, uncomfortable in the
text: crowd. The rain is worse. For a moment we see his face, in
text: a flash of lightning.
speaker_heading: This is VICTOR.
scene_heading: INT. THE CIRCUS - MOMENTS LATER
text: The stands are absolutely packed, and the crowd is rabid with
text: excitement. The Hunchback looks out at the crowd from
text: backstage, nervous, and then he gets the cue and rushes out
text: with the rest of the clowns.
text: The clowns go through their act, and then Lorelei starts
text: hers. The Hunchback retreats to backstage quickly, and
text: watches from there.
scene_heading: HIGH ABOVE THE
dialog: CROWD...
text: She arcs through the air, her fingers catching the bar,
text: swinging down, arcing out.
text: Back and forth she goes, flips and somersaults. The hastily
text: mended rope supporting her stretches, swings, stretches-—
text: Snaps.
text: Lorelei’s body drops out into a free-fall; midway down she
text: strikes the support rigging cables of the trapeze act,
text: twisting and ricocheting among them before being spat out-—
speaker_heading: THUD.
text: The audience gasps. Lorelei’s body lays still, one of her
text: arms flopped out at crazy angle.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Lorelei-
text: Her body heaves and rolls over, and he takes off running.
text: The Hunchback slides on his knees to kneel next to Lorelei.
text: She chokes and coughs, spitting blood.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Lorelei, I’m here, it’s going to be-
dialog: it’s going to be alright.
text: The Hunchback holds open her mouth, looking inside, then
text: feels her ribs, then gingerly reaches around and feels her
dialog: spine.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK (CONT'D)
dialog: You can’t breathe, you can’t
dialog: breathe-
text: He checks her neck, finds nothing.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know what to do, I don’t
dialog: know what to-
text: Suddenly, someone slides up in the dirt next to him. The
text: Hunchback looks up and sees
text: VICTOR, 24, good-looking in a strange way, clean cut and
text: tidy. For now. His words come out in a staccato flow, dry
text: and fast, inexplicably easy to listen to.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What’s happened-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK VICTOR
dialog: Didn't you see- I was reading.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Uh, she fell about thirty feet,
text: shoulder dislocated but no breaks
dialog: that I can find, the airway is
text: clear but she can’t breathe, she
dialog: can’t-
text: Victor is doing almost the exact same pat-down check that the
dialog: Hunchback did.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Any previous injuries-—
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Broken arm a year or so ago, broke
text: her collar bone some time before
dialog: that I think but I don’t-
text: Victor immediately begins tearing at Lorelei’s unitard.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What’re you-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Do this now or she dies.
text: The Hunchback quickly and deftly tears apart Lorelei’s top;
text: her breasts are just barely covered by the edges of the
dialog: fabric.
text: A huge purply-brown bruise is forming on her clavicle.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: My god-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
text: Collar bone’s rebroken, it’s
dialog: pressuring her lung-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: What do we-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: We can’t do anything, we need tools
dialog: to reset the bone, we need a-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
text: Is her pectoralis muscle still in
dialog: place?
text: Lorelei’s eyes roll back into her head.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes but-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Do you have a a pocket watch?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes but-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Give it to me.
text: Victor looks confused.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Do this now or she dies.
text: Victor fumbles out his watch, and the Hunchback grabs it,
text: pressing it deeply under her collarbone with his fingers. He
text: slaps the back of it, hard; Lorelei wheezes in agony.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
text: WAIT! The angle of the sternum,
dialog: due to that dislocation-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Oh! Yes, of course!
text: Victor takes hold of her dislocated right arm.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Ready, steady, go.
text: Victor wrenches the arm, and the Hunchback slaps the pocket
dialog: watch-
text: POPCRUNCH.
text: Lorelei’s shoulder and collarbone both snap back into place.
text: Lorelei gasps in air. The Hunchback laughs in joy and shock,
text: but Victor seems totally nonplussed.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s- that was brilliant.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why’re you wearing that make-up?
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I’m a clown. Lorelei, can you hear
dialog: me-
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: You're a clown? No you’re not,
dialog: you're a physician, you just
dialog: performed a dry surgery with less
dialog: than a minute to prepare-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I’m a- clown physician-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What?
text: A group from the circus surrounds them, clumsily heaving
text: Lorelei up to lift her onto a stretcher; she squeals in pain.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Easy damn it- here, clown, help me.
text: Victor and the Hunchback lift Lorelei onto the stretcher.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen, you’re being wasted here.
dialog: I’m at a student at the Royal
dialog: College Of Medicine, I have a flat
dialog: in the West End, I’d be honored to
dialog: have you as a guest-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Well- I, sir- I don’t know that I
dialog: could leave the circus, they need
dialog: their Hunchback-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: You’re not a Hunchback.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: ..-what-
text: Barnaby blusters up, pushing the Hunchback backwards and
text: separating him from Victor.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: Who’re- you’re doctor then?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes, indeed-
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: Will she live?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes, but she needs the care of a
dialog: hospital; Chisick Cross is just up
dialog: the road, I can lead your men
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Chisick Cross.
dialog: 11.
text: The men pick up the stretcher, and Victor starts to lead them
text: out, the Hunchback staring after him.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Stay well, my friend, I shall
dialog: return for you tomorrow!
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Fr- friend?
dialog: (snapping out of it)
dialog: Your name, friend! Your name!
dialog: Please! My friend! Your name!
text: Victor turns back from the crowd to shout to The Hunchback.
dialog: SLAM TO TITLE:
scene_heading: FRANKENSTEIN.
text: The title lurches forward, crackling with electricity as it
text: emerges from the center of a violent lightning storm.
speaker_heading: SLAM TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HUNCHBACK’S RAIL-—CAR
text: The Hunchback comes CRASHING through the door, shoved down by
text: Barnaby, who enters raging. Rafferty perks up immediately.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: WHAT DID I TELL YOU?
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I was trying to help-
text: Barnaby abruptly kicks the still downed Hunchback.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: Idiot!
text: Barnaby follows the Hunchback’s gaze to the library trunk.
speaker_heading: BARNABY (CONT'D)
dialog: Nathaniel! Get in here!
text: The strong man enters.
speaker_heading: BARNABY (CONT'D)
dialog: Get the trunk.
text: Nathaniel nods, and picks up the whole trunk under his arm.
speaker_heading: BARNABY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on.
text: The Hunchback stands, momentarily blocking the doorway.
speaker_heading: BARNABY (CONT'D)
dialog: Get out of the way.
dialog: 12.
text: The Hunchback stands resolute.
speaker_heading: BARNABY (CONT'D)
text: GET OUT OF THE WAY.
text: The Hunchback backs down.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Please, please don’t do anything to
dialog: my books, Master Barnaby, I was
dialog: just trying to help-
text: Barnaby and Nathaniel exit, the Hunchback following.
scene_heading: EXT. THE THAMES FAIRGROUND - CONTINUOUS
text: Rain is drizzling down from the night sky. Out come Barnaby
text: and Nathaniel, the Hunchback in pursuit.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: Dump them out.
text: Nathaniel dumps out the books into the mud.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: No, please just, I understand, I
dialog: do, just leave the books alone-
text: Barnaby turns, going to pick up a kerosene lantern. The
text: Hunchback takes the opportunity to snatch up his copy of
text: Thompson's Anatomy from the muddy pile.
text: Barnaby returns, and dumps burning kerosene on the pile of
dialog: books.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK (CONT'D)
dialog: No, oh no, no! No!
text: The Hunchback, screaming in real agony, prostrates himself at
text: Barnaby’s feet.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Please, put them out, put them out,
dialog: you’re ruining them!
text: Barnaby shoves the Hunchback down, and notices the saved copy
dialog: of Thompson's.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: What’s this? Sneaky little rat!
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: No no-
text: Nathaniel snatches it away. Barnaby looks it over.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: Fancy.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Please- it’s my favorite thing,
dialog: please Master Barnaby-
text: Nathaniel rips the book in half, and throws the shreds into
text: the fire. The Hunchback slumps, jawing soundlessly.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: Let that be a lesson to you.
text: Barnaby stalks off, leaving the Hunchback slumped in the mud.
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY
dialog: Chin up, freak. What good’s a
dialog: dream if you can’t wake up from it?
scene_heading: INT. THE HUNCHBACK’S CARRIAGE - LATER
text: Rafferty’s asleep. The Hunchback lays stalk-still, eyes
text: straight ahead.
text: MORNING ON THE
scene_heading: FAIRGROUND.
text: We follow the Hunchback once more as he goes through his
text: morning, helping to clean the circus up, reloading things
text: onto the train, doing manual labor.
text: He repeatedly checks the edge of the city. No sign of
text: Victor. The sun sets lower and lower in the sky.
text: Finally, the Hunchback gives up. He flops down in the dirt
text: next to the damp pile of ash that was his collection.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (0.S.)
dialog: Pardon my tardiness.
text: The Hunchback scrambles to stand in the mud, slipping and
text: falling. Victor was RIGHT THERE, next to him.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Master Frankenstein- I- hello!
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Have you collected your things?
dialog: Let’s depart this place
dialog: immediately.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I- I have no things, all my things
dialog: were—
text: The Hunchback glances at the pile of muddy ash.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Ah, I see. Then, shall we?
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I- I’m under contract to the circus-
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Very well. Could you direct me to
dialog: the circus manager, then?
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
text: Well Master Barnaby is in the red
dialog: trailer, but-
text: Victor turns and immediately heads off.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait! Wait!
scene_heading: INT. BARNABY’S TRAILER - MOMENTS LATER
text: Barnaby’s trailer is a cluttered mess of papers and
text: equipment; Barnaby sits behind a desk, with a sexy young
text: gymnast crawling all over him.
text: Victor enters and sits down on a chair opposite the desk.
text: Both the slutty gymnast and Barnaby are baffled.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Take your time.
scene_heading: EXT. BARNABY’S TRAILER - SECONDS LATER
text: The Hunchback is slowly approaching the trailer, when the
text: slutty gymnast bursts out, storming off. The Hunchback
text: retreats, then, doing his best attempt at stealth, he creeps
text: up to the window, looking in.
text: Victor's curt, speedy style of speech clashes harshly with
text: Barnaby’s uneasy huckster sleaze.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: -course he can’t leave. He’s got
dialog: no money, no possessions-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: As I said he would come to stay
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: Yes but- no, but- he’s not a
dialog: bonified person, you know? He's
dialog: just a-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Not a person, yes, by that do you
dialog: mean “not human-”
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: No, well- don’t be clever, awright?
dialog: I just mean there’s nothing there
dialog: to salvage, he doesn’t- I mean he
dialog: doesn’t even have a name.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Seems a bit of an oversight.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: He’s travelled with the circus
dialog: since he was a boy-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: And he’s been your doctor this
dialog: whole time-
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: Well he’s not a real doctor, after
dialog: all-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: And yet you've just said that he
dialog: has been effective in healing the
text: sick and injured, both animal and
dialog: human-
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: Those are just his tricks, he’s
dialog: under contract as a clown-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: How exactly does one have a
dialog: contract without a name I wonder.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: He owes the circus everything. We
dialog: feed him, put clothes on his back-
dialog: The doctor bollocks was just a
dialog: fantasy for him, one that I
dialog: dispelled last night, I think-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes, I noticed a pile of burnt
dialog: books on my way in-
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: Aye, but that was just a bit of a
dialog: row, me getting my frustrations
dialog: out’n’whatnot-—
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: When you’re frustrated you burn
dialog: books, fascinating, fascinating,
dialog: listen, you’re a bit of a bastard,
dialog: aren’t you?
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: ‘Scuse me?
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Ignorant selfish cruel bastard,
dialog: yes, I rather think you don’t know
dialog: what kind of genius you have on
dialog: hand and though you’ve been content
dialog: to abuse him freely for a good long
dialog: time you'll have to accept that
dialog: that’s coming to an end, and
dialog: acquaint yourself-
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: Listen you posh ass-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: -with the reality of the
dialog: Hunchback’s departure-
text: Barnaby stands, slamming his hands on his desk.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: You shut your mouth-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: -and find yourself a new doctor
dialog: willing to work for free and
dialog: tolerate random wanton violence-
text: Barnaby goes around the desk and grabs Victor by the collar,
text: yanking him to his feet.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: SHUT UP!
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Sir, unhand me immediately.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you deaf. I said UNHAND ME IM-
scene_heading: EXT. BARNABY’S TRAILER - SECONDS LATER
text: Victor is HURLED out of the trailer, landing hard in the mud.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: (red-faced, spitting)
dialog: Listen you impudent rich twat,
dialog: you’re not getting the bloody
dialog: Hunchback, and if you show your
dialog: face here again, if I so much as
dialog: sniff you, we’ll slit your bloody
dialog: throat and feed you to the bloody
dialog: horses!
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What compelling imagery.
text: Barnaby stares at Victor, who seems completely unafraid.
text: This creeps Barnaby out, rightly so, and he slams the door.
dialog: 17.
text: The Hunchback watches as Victor, not bothering to straighten
text: himself at all, stalks off the fairground. The Hunchback
text: tries to call out, but he’s suddenly grabbed by Barnaby.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ANIMAL CAGES - MOMENTS LATER
text: The Hunchback is roughly tossed into a cage by Barnaby, the
text: door slammed behind him.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: You are going nowhere. Enjoy your
dialog: new quarters.
text: The Hunchback turns and sees his new roommate; a mangy, moth-
text: eaten Bengal tiger. The Hunchback presses himself against
text: the bars, scared.
text: NIGHT FALLS...
text: The circus is almost entirely cleaned up. The Hunchback is
text: sitting in his cage when Rafferty walks by.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Rafferty! Rafferty!
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY
dialog: What’s this, a talking tiger,
dialog: impossible!
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Do you know what’s happened to
dialog: Lorelei?
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY
dialog: Aw, romanticisicizing are we?
dialog: She’s probably dead, mate, you know
dialog: that. These city doctors and their
dialog: dirty hospitals and whatnot.
text: Rafferty picks up a rock and chucks it at the tiger; it
text: immediately stands, bristling and snarling, and the Hunchback
text: pulls back, terrified.
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY (CONT’D)
text: Pleasant dreams.
text: Rafferty heads off, and the Hunchback tries to stay perfectly
text: still, pressed hard against the door.
text: It’s no good. The tiger, enraged, has begun slowly creeping
text: towards him, hunkered down in an attack position, growling,
text: eyes filled with bloodlust.
text: Tension builds as the tiger creeps closer and closer...
text: There’s a series of clicks, and the door behind the Hunchback
text: opens, sending the Hunchback toppling down to the dirt.
text: He looks up, startled and confused, to see Victor slam the
text: cage shut.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: What’re you- how did you-
text: Victor clacks together two pieces of metal in his hand.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Magnets. Come on, no time to lose.
text: Victor heads off. The Hunchback stands flummoxed.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Wait!
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What is it now?
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I can’t just- I can’t leave I-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: You want to collect your things?
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: Well- yes-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What things?
text: The Hunchback is at a loss.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Surely you don’t want to keep your
dialog: pathetic clown costume-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: No, but-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What do you have here? Friends? I
dialog: don’t believe it. Future? An
dialog: early grave, dreams? Burnt ina
dialog: pile in the mud. Do not waste
dialog: either of our time with further
text: deliberation.
text: It hits the Hunchback like a ton of bricks.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: +..You’re right.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: You're right.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Well of course I’m right.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: oi.
dialog: 19.
text: Barnaby is standing not far off.
speaker_heading: BARNABY (CONT'D)
dialog: What in the hell do you think
dialog: you’ re-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
speaker_heading: RUN.
text: Victor darts off immediately. The Hunchback hesitates, and
text: Barnaby charges; the Hunchback hits the gas just in time, and
text: Barnaby slips in the mud, crashing into the cage.
text: The tiger snarls and slashes him across the face, knocking
dialog: him down.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: AGH! Bloody hell, stop- STOP HIM!
dialog: STOP THEM!
text: Four tumblers, still in their festive circus outfits,
dialog: approach.
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: What’s happened-
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: The Hunchback! He’s attacked me
dialog: and taken the bank of the circus!
dialog: Get him!
text: The tumblers take off after Victor and The Hunchback, but
text: Barnaby grabs one of them.
speaker_heading: BARNABY (CONT'D)
dialog: Get Nathaniel.
speaker_heading: BETWEEN THE
dialog: CAGES...
text: Victor and the Hunchback race through the maze of animal
text: cages, with Victor immediately hitting a dead end.
text: The Hunchback grabs him and yanks him through a space between
text: the cages, leading him to-
text: THE BACK OF THE
scene_heading: BIG TOP TENT
text: The Tumblers intercept them, and the two young men are forced
text: to rapidly duck and dodge the men.
text: The tent is in the process of being taken down, the supports
text: being pulled out, the canvas rippling and falling-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Come on.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: No wait-
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE
scene_heading: COLLAPSING TENT
text: The rippling canvas world comes crashing down around them,
text: with the Hunchback and Victor sprinting through, dodging
text: falling supports, several times nearly being crushed before
dialog: bursting out into-
speaker_heading: AN AREA
scene_heading: CLUTTERED WITH
speaker_heading: EQUIPMENT
dialog: There are performers practicing their trade all over the
text: place, and Victor and the Hunchback dodge and weave through
text: jugglers, a lion tamer and some practicing contortionists.
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: (lagging behind)
dialog: They’ve stolen the take, that’s all
dialog: our pay!
text: A firebreather turns and blows out a huge jet of burning
text: kerosene in their path; Victor and the Hunchback skid to
text: avoid, but then must frantically scramble and flail to avoid
text: knives hurled at them by a knife thrower.
text: The Hunchback catches one of the knives and flings it back at
text: the fire-breather; it shatters his bottle of kerosene, which
text: splashes onto the fires already burning, causing a HUGE BURST
text: OF FLAME.
text: This new inferno separates Victor and the Hunchback from
text: their pursuers; they get back up, sprinting towards the edge
dialog: of the fairgrounds, the city, and freedom, when, as they’re
text: passing a pile of weights-
text: BAM! NATHANIEL THE STRONG MAN TACKLES THE HUNCHBACK!
text: Victor, slides in the mud, turning, and throws a running
text: punch into Nathaniel’s face. It does NOTHING. The Hunchback
text: twits Nathaniel’s injured wrist, and he screams in pain,
text: releasing him.
text: Nathaniel stands and attacks Victor, throwing wild punches-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Stop stop stop stop
text: Victor grabs a thirty pound weight and heaves it up into
text: Nathaniel’s ribs. There’s a crunch, and Nathaniel collapses.
text: Victor turns to run, but the Hunchback goes to Nathaniel.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: What’d you do, you broke his ribs-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Well I told him to stop.
dialog: 21.
text: The tumblers reappear, running full tilt, blocking their easy
text: exit to the city. Victor takes off running again, and after
text: a moment’s panicked deliberation, the Hunchback follows,
dialog: running
speaker_heading: ALONGSIDE THE
speaker_heading: TRAIN
text: Victor ducks through a break in the train, and the Hunchback
text: follows, and again they find themselves in a narrow alleyway
text: cluttered with circus equipment.
text: The tumblers follow, but where the Hunchback and Victor have
text: to clumsily navigate around obstacles, the tumblers simply
text: flip and cartwheel over them, rapidly gaining.
text: Rafferty, sitting in the Hunchback’s rail car, notices the
text: oncoming chase. He laughs gleefully, and runs out ahead.
speaker_heading: ALONGSIDE THE
speaker_heading: THAMES
text: The Hunchback and Victor exit the fairgrounds, the tumblers
text: nearly on top of them, running up a series of gantry’s onto a
text: big bridge high over the river Thames, mostly empty at night.
text: -..only to find that Rafferty’s beaten them there, drawing a
text: knife as he steps to block their way-
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY
dialog: Where’re you going in such a hurry,
dialog: love?
text: The Hunchback turns and dives off the bridge. Victor,
text: startled, takes a moment to pinch his nose and then follows,
text: plummeting the thirty feet down into the water.
text: The tumblers stop, out of breath.
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: Well don’t just stand there ye
dialog: idiots, after him!
dialog: The tumblers are “no.”
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY (CONT’D)
dialog: Bloody ‘ell! I’11 do it m’self!
text: Rafferty turns and dives off the bridge-
text: -but doesn’t look before he leaps, not seeing a trade boat
text: coming out from under the bridge-
text: -WHAM! THIRTY FEET HEADFIRST INTO THE DECK. It ain’t pretty.
text: FURTHER UP THE
text: THAMES...
dialog: 22.
text: Dyes are being poured out into the river, turning a portion
text: of it orange, blue and green. On a rocky shore, the
text: Hunchback emerges, coughing up water.
text: Victor pulls himself up as well. Both young men are covered
dialog: in green dye.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I’m not in the circus.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (coughing)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I’m not in the circus. I...I’ve
dialog: never been out of the circus.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m free. I’m free, I’M FREE, I’M
speaker_heading: A FREE MAN-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes, very good, you are a very
dialog: free, very green man.
text: The Hunchback let’s out a crazy hoot of glee and starts
text: splashing around in the water. Victor watches, indifferent.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTOR'S FLAT - LATER
text: Victor's Flat in the West End is on a street crowded with
text: buildings. It’s entirely empty at night; one bobby strolls
text: up the street, but as soon as he’s gone...
text: Victor and the Hunchback come racing out of an alleyway, to
text: the door of Victor’s flat.
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT - CONTINUOUS
text: Victor and the Hunchback burst in. Though Victor
text: Frankenstein appears tidy and fastidious, his apartment is a
text: window into his mind.
text: Though it is very big, the place is a mess. Victor must have
text: some kind of hoarding disorder, as nearly every surface is
text: covered with medical equipment, schematics, trinkets and
text: other assorted junk.
text: The Hunchback looks around in wonder as Victor draws out a
text: long syringe behind him.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: This is incredible.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Next order of business.
text: Victor slams his body-weight into the Hunchback’s body,
text: driving him up against a wall.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: What’re you doing, what’re-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: This will hurt.
text: Victor plunges the needle deep into the Hunchback’s back, and
text: he gasps in pain. He begins to pull back the plunger, and we
text: see that the syringe is filling with murky yellow fluid.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I told you before you’re not a
dialog: hunchback, not a proper one anyway.
dialog: You have an fluid pocket, probably
dialog: caused by an abscess, here, beside
dialog: the tenth vertebrae-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: It hurts it hurts-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes. It’s gone untreated nearly
dialog: eighteen years, but I’m convinced
dialog: that if we can just drain it, and-
text: Victor pulls out the needle, letting the Hunchback go, but
text: then HURLS HIMSELF SHOULDER FIRST INTO THE HUNCHBACK’S SPINE,
text: driving him hard back into the wall!
text: There's a nasty wet cracking sound, and the Hunchback is
text: suddenly fully upright, screaming in pain and then-
text: The screams stop. The Hunchback stirs against the wall,
text: triggering a series of sickly pops and snaps. He’s standing
text: up straight. Awkwardly, but straight.
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I- I- I-
text: Victor straightens himself, picking up something off the
text: floor; it’s a very sleek, simple construction out of wire-
text: frame, jointed in several places.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Now your musculature and bones will
dialog: be struggling to reset themselves-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: I’m standing up.
text: The Hunchback’s eyes are wide and blank.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Listen, I didn’t...I didn’t over-
dialog: estimate your intelligence, did I,
dialog: because-
speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK
dialog: No, no, it’s just- I’m not in the
dialog: circus, and I’m standing up.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: .-..Yes, well, your musculature and
dialog: bones will be struggling to reset
dialog: themselves, so for the foreseeable
dialog: future you'll have to wear this. I
dialog: spent the day building it; it was
dialog: the reason for my tardiness, I
dialog: again apologize for that.
text: He hands the Hunchback the back-brace.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Now I shall go to work in the
dialog: basement, as I have school in the
dialog: morning. Library, study and
dialog: kitchen back there, your bedroom is
text: upstairs on the right, mine on the
text: left. There’s a water heater in
dialog: the bathroom, get that green off
dialog: you, and for heaven sake do
dialog: something about your...Hair.
text: Victor goes to the door to the basement, and starts to go in,
text: but then turns, and speaks somewhat slowly, carefully...
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen, I had- have a roommate,
dialog: Igor Straussman. He’s a morphine
dialog: addict, a liar and a general waste
dialog: of space, who luckily is almost
dialog: never home. So, should anyone
dialog: question your presence here, just
dialog: say that you’re Igor. Yes?
text: The hunchback, a hunchback no longer, nods his head.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I’m Igor.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Perfect.
text: Victor slams the door closed, leaving Igor standing in numb
dialog: shock.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I have a name. I have a...library.
speaker_heading: WE INTERCUT
speaker_heading: BETWEEN
text: 1. Igor exploring the library, running his hands over the
text: books, taking back stacks to his room...
text: 2. Igor sitting in the tub, washing off YEARS of caked on
text: grime.
text: 3. Igor cutting his hair, and shaving off his disgusting,
text: gnarly beard.
dialog: 25.
text: Finally, Igor looks at his new self in the steamed-up
text: bathroom mirror. He has the appropriate response.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh...wow.
speaker_heading: SWISH TO:
text: Igor, in his room, carefully clicking on his back brace.
speaker_heading: SWISH TO:
text: Igor opens his closet, finding tons of clothes.
speaker_heading: SWISH TO:
text: Igor, now dressed, looking spectacular, is trying his new
text: name out in the mirror. We time lapse cut between his
dialog: experimentation.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Igor. Igor. Yeegor. Eyegor.
dialog: (cut)
dialog: Hello, my name is Yaygor- no that’s
dialog: bloody awful-
dialog: (cut)
dialog: Oh hello, Duchess, my name is Igor.
dialog: An actor? Ha, duchess you flatter
dialog: me, aS a matter of fact, I’ma
dialog: doctor-
text: He does a flourishing gesture and accidentally knocks a bunch
text: of shit off the dresser.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Bloody hell-
speaker_heading: SNAP TO:
text: Igor, in bed, fast asleep, surrounded by books.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON:
text: Fingers, fidgeting with a crucifix, turning it around and
text: around, end over end.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: A doctor you say.
scene_heading: INT. BARNABY’S TRAILER
text: Barnaby sits on his desk, nursing his bandaged face, watching
text: through the window as doctors move Nathaniel into a carriage
text: on a stretcher. Standing nearby, fidgeting with a little
dialog: metal crucifix, is
text: Inspector RODERICK TURPIN, 40, respectable and distinguished,
text: but with a strange, harried manner; he’s fraying around the
text: edges, and there are bags under his eyes.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: A hokum doctor, ay. Always doing
dialog: things you know, with the animals,
dialog: es’periments and what have you-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: And what again was the exact amount
dialog: of money you said was missing?
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: Two hundred twenty quid.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Aha, would that be your whole
dialog: London take?
speaker_heading: BARNABY
dialog: It would-
text: The door opens and ALISTAIR Oberon, 36, with an immaculately
text: kept mustache, leans in.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Inspector Turpin, a word outside?
scene_heading: EXT. BARNABY’S TRAILER —- CONTINUOUS
text: It’s nearing dawn. Alistair and Turpin pow-wow, Turpin
text: closing the door in Barnaby’s face.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Well, he’s lying about the money.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: How do you figure?
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: When would the hunchback have taken
dialog: it? The footprints from the cage
dialog: only go one way, the hunchback and
dialog: its accomplice had no agenda here
dialog: in the circus; they wanted to get
dialog: to the city. Mister Barnaby’s just
text: trying to swindle the insurance.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Indeed. What I came to tell you
dialog: was, they’ve gotten the body
dialog: cleaned up off the boat, and we've
dialog: got conflicted reports. Two of the
text: tumblers are saying the hunchback
text: threw him off the bridge, two are
text: saying he jumped by himself.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Oh he threw him, most definitely.
dialog: The differences in story can be
dialog: explained by delusion, heat of the
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: TURPIN (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s something rather strange
dialog: about all this though, don’t you
dialog: think? Sinister.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: How do you figure?
speaker_heading: TURPIN
text: The cage shows no signs of
text: tampering, yet the lock had opened.
text: The wound to the face of the
dialog: Manager came from a claw, the
text: injury to the strongman shows a
dialog: super-human strength, not to
dialog: mention there’s talk of the
dialog: hunchback doing “science” as its
dialog: primary pastime...You don’t find it
dialog: somewhat ghoulish?
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: (beat, awkwardly)
dialog: Inspector, I’ve been meaning to
dialog: say...I, that is to say, all of us
dialog: at the Yard- what happened with
dialog: Claudia is a tragedy, sir.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: ...Beg pardon-
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Your wife, Claudia; her passing was-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: I’m sorry, what relevance does
dialog: Claudia have to this?
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Well, none but-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Claudia is in Heaven. Our
dialog: separation is merely temporary.
dialog: What is your implication about my
dialog: state of mind?
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: I didn’t mean-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Didn't you?
text: Turpin smiles, seeming to realize how he was coming off.
speaker_heading: TURPIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I have my daughter, my home, my
dialog: job. This too shall pass,
dialog: Constable.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Yes sir. Of course sir.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: (back to business)
dialog: There was an accident with a high
dialog: wire girl last night. The
dialog: hunchback was involved, as I
dialog: understand it. Have our men
dialog: question everyone in this place,
dialog: see if we can find out which
dialog: hospital she was taken to.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Have the artist Walsh make up
dialog: pictures, and then have prints
dialog: made: one hundred of the Hunchback,
text: fifty of his accomplice, and then
dialog: have them posted everywhere from
text: Westminister to Bethnal Green.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
text: There is a murderous hunchback
dialog: loose in London. This will not
dialog: stand.
speaker_heading: SLAM TO:
text: Igor curled up in his bed, morning light flooding in through
text: the windows. He stirs.
scene_heading: MOMENTS LATER:
text: Igor discovers a note on his door. “I- At school til 6. Ten
dialog: £ in the tin by the door, with your key. Buy dinner. -F.”
text: Igor discovers the tin, along with the money and his key.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Chisick Cross.
scene_heading: MOMENTS LATER:
text: Igor sits at a table consulting a big map of London; we can
text: tell by the way he mumbles to himself, his eyes darting all
text: over, that he’s absorbing the data, easily and quickly
dialog: committing it to memory.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON - MORNING
text: Igor steps out, but the hustle and bustle of the busy street
text: in daytime scares the shit out of him, and he jumps back
text: inside. A moment later he reemerges.
dialog: 29.
text: We follow Igor as he walks up the street, in awe at everyone
dialog: and everything.
scene_heading: IN A MARKET
dialog: Igor investigates every fruit, every meat, every spice. He’s
dialog: having the time of his life. To entertain a few children, he
text: juggles some apples. They’re wowed.
dialog: BACK ON THE
speaker_heading: STREETS
text: Igor walks up the street, bag of groceries under his arm. He
text: has a slightly more confident gait, now; he knows where he’s
dialog: going and why.
scene_heading: INT. CHISICK CROSS HOSPITAL - MOMENTS LATER
text: The hospital is dank and dirty, really just one large
text: warehouse style room filled with the sick and dying. Igor
text: cautiously heads in, nervous, looking remarkably clean cut
text: and pristine amongst all the filth.
text: He starts to walk in, when he’s called out by a gruff male
text: nurse, dirty and frightening.
speaker_heading: SCARY NURSE
dialog: Oi! What’re you doing here?
text: Igor nearly cowers, like a scared animal.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I- oh, I’m sorry, I’ll- I’1l go-
speaker_heading: SCARY NURSE
dialog: You here from the medical school
dialog: about buying bodies? We’ve got a
dialog: few of’em pretty near to pass, I’m
dialog: wagering, but-
text: Igor notices his reflection in a pool of dank water.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I- No, I’m just looking for a
dialog: friend. She was an aerialist, at
dialog: the circus.
speaker_heading: SCARY NURSE
dialog: Friend. Hah. End of the line,
text: behind the curtains.
text: Igor smiles cautiously, still scared of the nurse, and then
text: hurries down the row of beds, getting more and more excited
text: as he approaches the curtained off area at the end-
text: -The curtains pull back, revealing Lorelei, nearly
text: unconscious in her sickbed-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Lorelei-
dialog: 30.
text: -Inspector Turpin and Constable Alistair. Igor freezes,
dialog: confused.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry- I didn’t mean to- are
dialog: you doctors-—
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: It’s quite all right. What brings
dialog: you here?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I just- I just-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: You know this girl?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I- yes- no- I-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: You knew where to find her, are you
dialog: with the circus?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I- No, I'm- just a friend-
text: Turpin looks to Lorelei, who clearly is in no shape to answer
text: questions, much less recognize Igor. Turpin takes a step
text: forward, backing Igor out of the curtained area.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
text: Hold still a beat.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I- what’re you-
text: Turpin has drawn out an artist’s depiction of Victor, and is
text: consulting it against Igor’s features.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Interesting. This girl is being
dialog: questioned in connection with the
text: rampage of the Blue Meringue
text: Hunchback last night on the Thames.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: The- the what-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: What did you say your name was?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I didn’t- Ig- I’m Igor-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Igor what.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I- I’m sorry, I have to go-
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: What’s the hurry?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I have to go- I have to go-
text: Igor turns, nearly walking into a patient, rushing
text: frantically out of the hospital. Constable Alistair pokes
text: his head out.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Strange lad. Probably went to the
dialog: circus and found himself love-
dialog: struck, is what I take it. Hunted
dialog: her down looking to be a
dialog: benefactor, happens all the time
dialog: with women like this.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Maybe. Maybe. “Igor.” Hm.
text: OUTSIDE...
text: Igor comes crashing out into the street, running blindly,
text: panicked. He tries to orient himself, and comes face to face
text: with one of the WANTED: HUNCHBACK posters.
text: Horrified, he stumbles and trips into the street, spilling
text: his groceries everywhere.
text: He scrambles to pick them up, and is nearly run down by a
text: carriage, knocking him into the mud.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTOR'S FLAT - EVENING
text: Victor walks up the street, mumbling angrily. He stops in
text: front of his door, composes himself, and then goes in.
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Igor, I’m-
text: Victor stops dead. There’s a trail of mud on the floor,
text: which he follows to find Igor sitting in his muddy clothes by
text: the fire, hunched over in a caveman-like squat unbecoming of
text: his new appearance.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Back to the mud so soon?
text: Igor looks up at him, eyes wide.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I take it you've seen the posters
dialog: then. Terrible depiction of me,
dialog: have my hair all wrong. I’m new to
dialog: this “criminal” life, but I never
dialog: suspected they’d attack my vanity.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: ...They think I’m a murderer-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Well you’re not. And they’re not
dialog: looking for you, are they?
text: Igor’s confusion is obvious.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: They're looking for a piteous,
text: nameless hunchback. A creature who
dialog: no longer exists. I’ve seen to
dialog: that, haven’t I?
text: Igor hesitantly smiles; Victor has a way with words.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Dinner?
scene_heading: DINING ROOM -
speaker_heading: LATER.
text: Victor and Igor are sharing a roast duck.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Of course I never put much faith in
dialog: the professors. Father says most
dialog: of them get their job through crony-
dialog: ism as is; many of them I fear are
dialog: drunks, idiots, or worse, close-
dialog: minded people. I find I have a
dialog: terrible fear of the close minded
text: and ignorant as they seem to do the
text: most damage to society as a whole.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: (happy about the duck)
dialog: Mhm.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Of course the curriculum is
dialog: pathetically easy, laughably so; I
dialog: could even laugh about it now, but
dialog: to do so would expend more effort
dialog: than I’m asked to expend of my
dialog: studies, literally the act of
dialog: saying “haha” would be more
dialog: difficult than-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: So you like school then?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: ...I suppose I do.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: What brought you to the circus?
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The animals.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Oh, you like the animal tricks?
dialog: They were always my favorite too-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Living animals are a bore. It’s
dialog: the dead ones I was after.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Beg pardon?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: For parts.
dialog: (in response to Igor’s
dialog: confusion)
dialog: I believe an explanation is in
dialog: order. My interest in you did not
dialog: stem from charity.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think it’s time you met my
dialog: monster.
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT - THE STUDY
text: Victor leads in Igor, turning on the lights. This room is
text: cluttered, but more purposefully than the others; there’s a
text: table in the center with several larger objects on it,
text: covered by a sheet.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Before I met you, I was hoping to
dialog: approach Mr. Barnaby about selling
dialog: me some of his deceased animals.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: To what end? Study?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: No. Not study.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I am of the strong belief that
dialog: death can be made a temporary
dialog: condition.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: But that’s im-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Improbable, yes, impossible, don’t
dialog: be stupid. Very little is actually
dialog: impossible. Life is temporary, why
dialog: should death be any different?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: ...What’s under the sheet?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: ...Life, I’ve found, is an energy.
dialog: The fools would call it a spirit or
dialog: a soul, but it’s an energy, an
dialog: identifiable, quantifiable,
dialog: reproducible energy. I’d spent
dialog: every hour of my life in pursuit of
dialog: this energy, and then, last year, a
dialog: break through. I ama genius, and
dialog: I created something that will
dialog: change the world.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: .-.-Righto. What’s under the sheet?
text: Victor yanks
text: away the sheet, revealing a small electrical
text: generator...And a set of human eyes, a with an interlaced
text: optical nervous system, suspended in fluid in a fish tank.
dialog: Ah-
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: ha.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
text: The eyes are over three months old,
dialog: and the fluid is electrically
dialog: conductive jelly. Serves a double
dialog: function to preserve them, and-
dialog: well, look, here....
text: Igor, initially repulsed, goes up and gets a better look as
text: Victor searches through piles of equipment.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You've done a shoddy job on the
dialog: nerves here-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Well, I’m not the surgeon, it’s you
dialog: with the gifted hands- there!
dialog: Victor draws
dialog: inches long,
text: over it. At
dialog: wrought iron
text: out a gizmo from the pile. It’s about eight
text: shaped like a wishbone, with wiring running all
text: the end of each point of the wishbone are two
dialog: bolts.
text: Victor immediately begins affixing it to wires extending from
text: the electrical generator. For the first time, Victor seems
text: nervous, unsure; a child showing a new friend their favorite
dialog: toy, hoping they'll be impressed.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s all a matter of conversion,
dialog: you see; the conversion of pure
dialog: electrical energy into biological
dialog: energy, of the same sort that flows
text: through the bodies of the living.
dialog: Thus my creation of this device,
dialog: the Lazarus Fork. You see, by
dialog: running the electrical current
dialog: through a specially blended variety
dialog: of metal and sulfates, I’ve-
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You’ve mastered the conversion.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Well- I- yes.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Show me.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I- uh, yes, I shall-
text: Victor plunges the Lazarus fork into the jelly, and begins
text: turning the crank on the generator; it kicks in, and the
text: electricity begins to flow with a loud rattle and hum.
text: Igor leans down to the eyes. Victor, excited, goes around
text: and stands next to him.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: When does it do...something-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: It has! It is! It- here, look!
text: Victor draws out a match, and strikes it on the table. The
text: effect is immediate: the eyes turn and focus on the flame.
text: Victor moves it back and forth, and the eyes move to follow.
text: Victor looks to Igor, nervous.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You are a genius. You have created
dialog: something that will change the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: This is only the beginning.
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Victor leads Igor out into an open area.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: To what degree would you say you
dialog: understand the function and
dialog: construction of nerves in the human
dialog: body?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Well I-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: No tolerance for the humble here,
dialog: Igor.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I have a complete mastery of the
text: nervous and circulatory systems.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I am also well versed in the form
dialog: and structure of the muscles and
dialog: bones. I also am quite up to date
dialog: on the deductions made about the
dialog: function the different parts of the
dialog: brain serve, although I believe
dialog: most of the current observations
dialog: will, in time, prove to be
dialog: completely wrong.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I- uh- good. Good! Perfect. This
dialog: will be your workspace. I shall
dialog: bring you your assignments
dialog: piecemeal, and you will complete
dialog: them in a timely manner. I will
dialog: then apply your projects to a
dialog: larger whole of my own design.
dialog: I’ve also decided to allow you to
dialog: do my homework assignments for me,
dialog: thus enhancing your already
dialog: formidable knowledge. Do you have
dialog: any questions?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: ...-This larger whole. What is it?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: That is not your concern-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: But if my work will go towards it,
dialog: surely I deserve to-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: As I said. This was not charity.
dialog: Your time here will be earned; what
dialog: you “deserve” is immaterial,
dialog: agreed?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: ...-Agreed. I want to help change
dialog: the world.
text: Victor smiles, and extends his hand, which Igor tentatively
dialog: shakes.
dialog: WE MOVE INTO A
speaker_heading: MONTAGE AS TIME
dialog: PASSES...
text: Intercutting between two threads...
text: 1. Turpin’s intensifying search for the Hunchback. The
text: wanted posters are getting old and worn, new ones are being
text: plastered up, the reward for information doubling...
dialog: And
dialog: 37.
text: 2. Igor’s work. We watch as time and time again Victor
text: brings him moist newly dead flesh (much of it of
text: unidentifiable nature), along with supplies and diagrams of
text: what he wants done. Igor masterfully stitches together skin
dialog: and tissue, creates artificial nerves and veins with electric
text: wiring and thin rubber tubes...
text: It’s all very gross, but Igor, looking through goggles,
dialog: magnifying glasses and microscopes, is so into it we can’t
text: help but share his enthusiasm.
text: After each assignment, Victor demonstrates his emphatic
text: approval, before retreating to the basement with the
text: “finished product” (lungs that breath, muscles that twitch,
text: nerves that react) each time slamming the door.
text: SLAM SLAM SLAM SLAM...
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT
text: Igor is sitting and drawing; a sketch of Lorelei, floating
text: through the air between two trapeze. The electric lights in
text: the room flicker for a moment, and Igor looks up.
text: There’s a noise at the door, and we see an envelope pushed
text: through the slot. Igor looks around, then hesitantly goes
text: and picks it up. It’s marked: I.STRAUSSMAN - URGENT.
text: Igor moves to set the I.STRAUSSMAN letter on a pile by the
text: door of other mail for Victor’s absent roommate, but then
text: falters. He hesitates, and listens for Victor; nothing.
text: Igor opens the envelope, and scans through the letter inside:
scene_heading: PAYMENT 2 MONTHS OVERDUE. FINAL NOTICE.
text: The door to the basement bursts open, startling Igor.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: This letter for Master Straussman,
dialog: it-
text: Victor is positively glowing with happiness.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: We’re going out on the town.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON - THE WEST END - NIGHT
text: Victor and Igor head up the street, talking.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I have a tenured membership in the
dialog: club through my father. He was a
dialog: charter member, helped to buy the
dialog: velvet for the seats.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You make your father out to be a
dialog: great man.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Esteemed doctor, member of the
dialog: royal corps of physicians, he’s a
dialog: innovator, he’s brilliant.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Do you think I’1l ever get to meet
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Oh I don’t- I- I don’t know, he’s a
dialog: very busy man, and he- his
dialog: schedule, you know.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You mentioned he had a library?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: The biggest personal collection of
dialog: medical texts in Britain, yes, you
dialog: could say he has a library-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Do you think he has a copy of
dialog: Thompson’s?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Thompson’s Anatomy? Well, it’s
dialog: rare but, I mean, of course-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Do you think we could go there, to
dialog: his library?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What’s this fixation on Thompson's?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: In the circus, I had a copy. It
dialog: was a great inspiration to me.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Well, I- you know, he doesn’t let
dialog: me- give me access, I’m just a
dialog: young man- he’d be so angry if he
dialog: found out I’d been touching his
dialog: books- oh, look, here we are!
text: They've come up on THE EXETER, an extremely fancy (and hip,
text: and fun, and crowded) looking club.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Oh...Master Victor, I don’t know if
dialog: I’m suited for all this-
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Pishposh. All you need to do is
dialog: keep your back straight, your words
dialog: clean, and try your damndest not to
dialog: embarrass me.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
text: BABIES GROWN IN VATS.
scene_heading: INT. THE EXETER —- CONTINUOUS
text: Victor is WASTED, sitting in a corner booth with Igor and a
text: few girls. The club is awesome, and packed; the girls are
text: pretty damn hot, too, but they’re mostly focused on Igor, who
text: himself is trying not to notice, instead focusing on Victor.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Victor why does this idea fascinate
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I’m just saying the act- of
scene_heading: FERTILIZATION- can take place out
text: side of the woman’s body. The
dialog: sperm, the sperm can move-
dialog: (hiccup)
text: The sperms can move into the egg,
dialog: say, in a saucer, some sort of
dialog: heated basin-
scene_heading: SEXY SOCIETY GIRL
dialog: And where does the mother figure
dialog: into this, then?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Well, you’d- after you impregnate
dialog: the egg, you get a funnel- and then
dialog: you...you know- into the woman-
scene_heading: SEXY SOCIETY REDHEAD
dialog: Oh, that’s just wretched.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: IT’S THE FUTURE! Igor, tell them,
dialog: assist me in this, this valuable
dialog: endeavor.
text: Igor doesn’t respond; he’s staring across the club to the
dialog: bar...
text: ..-Where Lorelei stands. She looks stunning. Gone is all
text: the muck and grime of the circus, though she still wears a
text: sling over her injured arm.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Ladiesyoullhavetoexcuseme
dialog: 40.
text: Both women groan in disappointment but Igor is already up and
text: gone, clumsily pushing his way through the club. He gets to
text: the bar; she’s gone! No, there she is, headed up the stairs-
scene_heading: INT. THE EXETER - UPPER LEVEL - CONTINUOUS
text: Igor catches up to Lorelei at the top of the stairs; she
text: turns, sensing his presence before he can say anything. They
text: stand there deadlocked in silence, staring at each other.
text: She suddenly embraces him; Igor is shocked. She whispers
text: into his ear, her words fraught with emotion.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: You saved my life. You saved my
dialog: life.
text: Igor let's out a sigh of complete relief.
text: LATER...
text: Igor and Lorelei are hanging out, leaning on one of the
text: balconies over the club; they’re completely relaxed, talking
dialog: like old friends, or, more accurately, refugees.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Penham Mall? That’s really fancy,
dialog: though, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: Oh, you know, just the richest
dialog: section of London. Haha, I’m
dialog: sorry, I’m awful.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You can be awful when you look
dialog: great, isn’t that the way people
dialog: behave?
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: High praise from a bloke who’s
dialog: twice the man he used to be, in
dialog: height alone.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Well, I, uh- I don’t really- um- So
dialog: does he intend to marry you?
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: Who, Baron Bomine? I think you
dialog: misunderstand our relationship-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Do I?
speaker_heading: LORELEI
text: Oh, and now I see a glint of hope
dialog: in your eye.
dialog: 4l.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Oh no, I just- um- listening-
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: I met him in the hospital; he was
text: in with a twisted ankle of all
dialog: things, and he just swept me away
dialog: once he’d heard the circus left
dialog: without me. At first he did come
dialog: on awfully romantic, but- honestly
dialog: I’ve come to believe that he’s
dialog: taken me in as his consort more for
dialog: appearances than anything else.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Appearances?
text: Lorelei nods down at BARON BOMINE, who’s on the main floor.
dialog: He’s the gayest man alive.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Aaaah. Oh.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT’D) LORELEI
dialog: Robert the Juggler. Robert the Juggler.
text: Both of them immediately crack up.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: I don’t know why you’re laughing.
dialog: I think it’s very important for a
dialog: juggler to have a sincere love of
dialog: balls-
text: Both of them crack up again, and then there’s a ruckus from
text: downstairs; Igor looks and sees that Victor’s accidentally
text: knocked some plates on the floor whilst animatedly gesturing.
speaker_heading: LORELEI (CONT'D)
dialog: Isn’t that your chap there?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Yes, Victor Frankenstein. Smartest
dialog: person I’ve ever met. He’s the one
dialog: who helped me save you, as well.
dialog: He got me out of the circus, fixed
dialog: my back...I owe him everything.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Have you ever seen a human brain?
dialog: It's...GRAY!
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: (faltering)
dialog: He’s quite brilliant, really, just
dialog: not so much of a...person for
text: talking to people.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (audible over the crowd)
dialog: I’ve seen a rat nest in a brain!
dialog: 42.
text: Igor looks to Lorelei, trying to hold back a laugh. She
text: doesn’t do as well holding back. The ruckus downstairs
text: continues; Victor’s pissed off some jerk.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Ah, it looks like he may need my-
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: But of course.
text: Igor starts to go, but then stops.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Listen, we’re right in the West
text: End, on Verner Street.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
text: Forty Five Penham Lane.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: So we’ll see each other again.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: Yes. Definitely.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: My name is Igor.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (0.S.)
text: YOU ARE A BEASTLY, BEASTLY MAN
text: There’s a crash downstairs. Igor turns and rushes off,
text: leaving Lorelei in a very pleasant state of shock.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: “Igor.”
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON - ALLEY
text: Victor is puking into a pile of garbage, while Igor stands
text: next to him, patting his back.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: People are such animals, you
dialog: know...I don’t understand them, I
dialog: admit this, to some degree. I
dialog: don’t know the things to say to
dialog: make them like me, or- not like me,
dialog: I don’t care if they like me-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: It’s all right.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: It’s all right to care if people
dialog: like you. I like you.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I...like you, as well. Yes.
dialog: (beat, straightens up)
dialog: Igor, tonight was not meaningless
text: frivolity. It is a celebration.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: ...What are we celebrating?
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT - THE BASEMENT
text: The electric lights flicker and hum to life, illuminating the
dialog: most sinister, fascinating place you’ve ever seen. The walls
text: are covered in makeshift electrical equipment, some of it
text: very clearly decades, maybe even centuries ahead of its time.
text: Mixed in with this are all manner of medical instruments and
text: tools, as well as charts of human and animal anatomy.
text: Perhaps most creepy of all is the fact that large portions of
text: the room are covered in red-brown stains.
dialog: Blood.
text: Victor comes rushing down the stairs, nearly falling.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Come on, come on!
text: Igor hesitates at the top of the stairs, then slowly comes
text: down. Victor, meanwhile, primes a bunch of electrical
text: generators...all hooked into something on a table, under a
text: sheet, in the center of the room.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Under this bedsheet is the product
dialog: of ten years study, laborious hours
dialog: spent over books and tinkering with
dialog: electrical machines-
text: Igor approaches the table and Victor rips off the sheet...
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I present to you: Gordon!
dialog: The...thing...called Gordon most closely resembles a
text: chimpanzee, but a glance shows it to be something else
dialog: entirely.
text: This is a patchwork monster, cobbled and stitched together
text: from mostly chimp flesh, but with parts that are definitely
text: cheetah, as well as other unidentifiable bits and pieces. A
text: lot of it appears sloppy; electrical wiring and tubes are
text: visible all over the body, and the whole thing looks ready to
dialog: fall apart.
text: As Igor tries to process, Victor goes back to the machines.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You...you made this-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: No. We made this.
text: Igor’s eyes go over the creature, pinpointing all of his
text: work; it’s all gone to this monstrosity. Victor primes
text: machines, and they begin to hum and whir loudly.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: The lungs, the spine, the heart,
dialog: the brain, all your work. All
dialog: impossible without you, as a matter
dialog: of fact. Are you ready?
text: Igor is clearly horrified; what has he been party to?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Victor, I don’t- What is this? You
dialog: said this was about life, not death-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Stand back.
text: Victor throws a massive switch, and there’s a sharp buzz of
text: electricity! We see arcs and loops of blue energy zap across
text: suspended cables, slamming into connectors on the bolts in
text: Gordon's neck.
text: Igor leaps back, startled. Steam rises off Gordon's body.
text: The machines wind down. Victor approaches slowly.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: ...What-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Look. Listen.
text: Igor looks and listens...and is amazed. Gordon is alive.
text: Only marginally, but yes...the chest rises and falls. The
text: eyes, horrible and monstrous, are open, and blinking.
text: Igor’s shock and excitement is palpable. He runs his hands
text: over its flesh and puts his ear to its chest, listening to
text: the slow beating of the heart.
text: He looks down at the animal; there’s an odd peace about it,
text: an innocence.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: It’s...alive.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
text: It’s alive.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: ++.-Victor-
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: It can’t quite move; the charge
dialog: only lasts about an hour, and the
text: body is mostly rudimentary mock up-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: This is- Victor- you’ve created
dialog: life from nothing, don’t you see
dialog: how impor-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Tomorrow you shall accompany me to
dialog: the college. I’ve announced that I
dialog: will be making a presentation of my
dialog: private studies-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I- to the college- as your
dialog: assistant?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Assis- Igor, don’t be an idiot.
dialog: You're my partner.
text: Igor is completely overwhelmed.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROYAL COLLEGE OF MEDICINE - MORNING
text: The main building of the college is on a big, beautiful
text: campus. Victor and Igor are unloading the big gurney off the
text: top of a coach, the bedsheet tied down tightly.
text: Victor hands Igor down the heavy dynamo equipment, and Igor
text: looks up at the college. It’s everything he’d ever dreamed.
speaker_heading: FLASH TO:
text: Igor and Victor are rolling the gurney up one of the school’s
text: hallways.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Presentation! Big presentation in
dialog: hall H!
text: The school is mostly empty. The students who are there seem
text: at best disinterested, at worst disgusted. Igor notices, but
dialog: stays quiet.
scene_heading: INT. HALL H
text: Victor and Igor stand at the front of the big lecture hall.
text: The Gordon-Gurney and the dynamo are all set up. Victor is
text: addressing the audience.
dialog: 46.
text: Igor is clearly uncomfortable, and concerned about his
text: friend. Victor’s voice has a new element to it: a nervous
text: tremor that we haven’t heard before.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Since the beginning of modern
dialog: medicine, there has been an
dialog: assumption regarding the nature of
dialog: mortality, that being- that being
dialog: that death is an unavoidable event
dialog: whose inevitability should be taken
dialog: for granted. I aim to show that
dialog: life is not some heavenly grace
dialog: given to us by an all-powerful god-
dialog: but no- no instead that it is
dialog: something natural-
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (0.S.)
dialog: Get on with it!
text: We pan to reveal that the hall is nearly empty; of two
text: hundred seats, only seven are filled. They all look
text: disinterested and bored.
text: In the back is Michael FINNEGAN, 21, dressed in only the
text: finest clothes, refined, handsome and posh, a child of wealth
text: with an accent so upper-crust he makes Victor and Igor sound
dialog: like they’re from Michigan.
text: His outburst draws some laughs from the crowd.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Ah- uh, yes- indeed, I will- Igor,
text: start up the dynamo.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Yes, Master.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I present to you! I present to all
dialog: of you here, the brave few who came-
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: The brave few, poppycock! It’s the
dialog: beginning of Christmas recess, of
dialog: course there’s no one here
dialog: Frankenstein! I have a coach
dialog: waiting! Who else is keeping their
dialog: coach waiting?
text: There are some murmurs of agreement from the others. Igor
text: primes the dynamo.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I present to you, life by my own
dialog: creation!
text: Victor yanks the bedsheet down. The reveal of Gordon (dead
text: and lifeless) has a definite effect on the crowd: negative;
text: murmurs of disgust, and two students get up and leave.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (hurriedly)
dialog: I built this homunculus out of
dialog: parts primarily taken by from the
dialog: London Zoo, which has had much
dialog: difficulty in care of their exotic
dialog: animals. He is primarily-
text: primarily chimpanzee, but with help
dialog: from my partner Igor, we have
dialog: interlaced multiple individuals,
dialog: multiple species- Igor is it ready,
dialog: good- If you’ll all come closer,
dialog: please.
text: The remaining four students come down, grudgingly, mumbling.
text: Finnegan stays right where he is.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: And now, through the miracle of
dialog: electricity: life!
text: Igor fires the dynamo. The effect is immediate, and
dialog: unexpected.
text: Dozens of flies explode out from all over Gordon! The four
text: students swear and shout their disgust, heading out.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: No no- wait, don’t- Igor, shock him
dialog: again, harder.
text: Igor shocks Gordon again. Everyone’s left except Finnegan,
text: who begins applauding.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Frankenstein, you have lived up to
dialog: your father’s reputation, to your
dialog: own expansive mythos of strangeness
dialog: and perversion! Delightful!
dialog: Spectacular, just- an exquisite
dialog: show of depraved lunacy-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Again, harder!
text: Igor shocks Gordon again, nothing, and Victor shoves him out
text: of the way, amps the dynamo all the way, SHOCKS HIM AGAIN...
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Oh, so the show isn’t over? I must
dialog: say though, you’ll be hard pressed
dialog: to beat the flies, a really
text: inspired moment of grotesque
dialog: revulsion-
text: Victor shocks Gordon again, STILL NOTHING. The generator
text: sputters and dies, spitting out acrid black smoke.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT’D)
dialog: What do you have planned next,
text: perhaps a midget is hidden inside
dialog: your rotting meat sculpture’s
text: stomach, ready to pop out with a
dialog: bouquet of ro-
text: Gordon groans.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Ro- ...roses...
text: Gordon...blinks.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Ha! You see it’s-
text: Gordon’s right arm RIPS FREE OF THE RESTRAINTS, SMASHING
text: VICTOR AND SENDING HIM FLAILING BACKWARDS INTO A BLACKBOARD,
text: WHICH CRACKS IN HALF ON HIS IMPACT.
speaker_heading: IGOR
speaker_heading: viIc-
text: The other arm tears loose, grabs Igor and flings him into the
text: generator. He collapses, dazed.
dialog: Oh shit.
text: Finnegan stands, watching as Gordon finishes ripping itself
text: free from the gurney.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: I say.
text: Finnegan, fearless with the entitled bravado of the truly
text: wealthy, rushes down to Gordon as it gets up.
text: Gordon turns on him, leaping up onto the podium ahead of him
dialog: and blocking his path-
text: He stands perfectly still. Gordon ROARS, an unnatural,
text: painful sound, and Finnegan falls on his ass, before the
text: creature turns and gracefully springboards off the wall,
text: crashing out through a window to the roof.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT’D)
text: By jove. Brilliant.
text: Igor, frantic, races to the shattered window, looking out
text: after Gordon, then goes to Victor, who’s groggily getting up.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: The creature-—
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Did you see? Incredible!
text: Victor can’t stand, he’s too woozy from the hit.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Better than I possibly could have
dialog: hoped for-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: But it’s free! It’s- dangerous!
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes, marvellous-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Victor, we have to stop it-
text: Igor turns and Victor grabs him roughly by the sleeve.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: No. You mustn’t let any harm come
dialog: to it. It’s my creation, it’s more
dialog: important than any the lives of any
dialog: of the idiots at this school.
text: There’s a moment of very intense eye contact, and then Igor
text: yanks his arm away, and Victor falls.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn it Igor!
text: Igor rushes out onto the roof.
dialog: AND WE FOLLOW
speaker_heading: HIM
text: Out onto the perilous, sloping shingled tiles of the school’s
text: roof. Gordon, a creature never meant for full mobility, has
text: started leaking. Badly.
text: He’s left a trail of blood that Igor hurries to follow,
text: nearly slipping a few times on the tiles turning a corner and
text: finding Gordon perched on a chimney, looking down at a
text: courtyard full of students with their bags, waiting to go
dialog: home for winter break.
text: It has a bloodlust in its eyes, the crazed violence of an
text: insane animal never meant to exist; it starts to head down
text: towards the courtyard, growling...
text: Igor, having the epiphany that he has no idea how to stop
text: this thing, skids to a halt in the soot of the chimney.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: H-...Hello, I-
text: Gordon turns abruptly, and SCREAMS, charging down the roof,
text: ripping up roof tiles and flinging them at Igor, who turns,
text: scrambling away, but Gordon quickly overtakes him, tackling
text: him and sending them both tumbling violently down towards the
dialog: ledge.
text: The fall has a bizarre, unsettling effect on Gordon; the
text: creature's patchwork body, not intended for this, has started
dialog: to come apart!
dialog: 50.
text: Igor and Gordon fall over the edge, but Igor catches himself,
text: dangling by one hand over a fifteen foot drop to the roof of
text: the school’s greenhouse.
text: Gordon COMES OUT OF NOWHERE, swinging at him easily and
text: gracefully, SLASHING WILDLY. The blows knock Igor’s grip
text: loose, and tear his shirt, exposing the backbrace beneath;
text: dangling this way Igor is defenseless, and he has to take the
dialog: hits as they come, until-
text: GORDON LEAPS ENTIRELY ONTO IGOR, causing them both to plummet
dialog: down onto
speaker_heading: THE GREENHOUSE
text: -shattering a large portion of it. Igor is left laying dazed
text: across the rickety framework. He slowly pushes himself to
text: his feet, forced to go back to his circus training; on these
text: thin steel beams, it’s practically a tightrope.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: All right...... where'd you
dialog: go...where’d you-
text: Gordon BURSTS UP THROUGH A PANEL TO HIS RIGHT, taking a wild
text: swing, and Igor is forced to hurry his treacherous progress,
text: trying to make it to a nearby roof. Meanwhile, Gordon is
text: easily monkeying around upside-down on the interior ceiling
text: of the greenhouse, smashing through panels to take wild
text: swings at Igor.
text: Igor makes the leap to the roof, and Gordon comes smashing
text: into him from behind; the impact is enough to literally knock
text: one of Igor’s shoes off, but his training as a clown helps
text: him to roll with the impact.
text: Gordon roars again, and charges once more; a chase begins
text: over the roof of the college, which we the audience along
text: with Igor realize is actually many buildings, built only a
text: few feet apart.
text: Igor, jumping these gaps with this monstrosity mere seconds
text: behind him and gaining, realizes what he has to do.
text: Jumping past a wind-vein, Igor rips it free, and at the next
text: gap, TURNS AND BASHES GORDON ACROSS THE FACE.
text: Gordon is disoriented mid-jump, and begins to fall into the
text: gap between the buildings, BUT GRABS IGOR, PULLING HIM DOWN
speaker_heading: TOO-
speaker_heading: BETWEEN THE
speaker_heading: BUILDINGS
text: The space is incredibly claustrophobic, their fall slowed by
text: impacts against both walls- For a terrifying moment Igor is
text: trapped against the monster’s bosom, but he fights free-
dialog: 51.
text: Bracing himself against the walls, Igor tries to make it to
text: the edge as the still-falling monster grabs at him- again
text: Igor braces himself but his knees are at his chest, and the
text: monster pulls him down further, it finally hitting the ground-
text: Igor tries to move over it; it hits him, HARD, dazing him but
text: pushing him to the edge- Gordon yanks itself towards him, not
text: caring about the flesh being sheared away, he’s doomed, it-
text: The dazed Igor is yanked out
text: INTO A PATCH OF
scene_heading: DIRT BY THE
speaker_heading: STABLES
text: Igor lays there dazed, watching helplessly as Gordon begins
text: to pull itself free, snarling and roaring in rage, one arm
dialog: grabbing Igor’s leg-
text: WHAM. A shovel comes down Gordon’s wrist, and he jerks back
text: his arm, taking a swing instead at
text: VICTOR FRANKENSTEIN, wielding a shovel. Again we see the
text: easy, serpentine way Victor can dodge; he ghosts around three
text: huge swings from the monster’s free arm, and then brings the
text: shovel crashing down on its head-
dialog: -and again-
text: -and again and again and again AND AGAIN AND AGAIN-
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Victor! It’s dead, it’s dead!
text: Victor, covered in the creature’s blood, his hair hanging in
text: sweaty strands, hunched over and breathing hard, looks at
text: Igor. He drops the shovel.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: You killed it. You...you killed it-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Of course.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I couldn't let it hurt you, could
dialog: I?
text: Igor and Victor stare at each other, realizing with equal
text: parts fear and enthusiasm how little each of them knows about
dialog: the true nature of the other.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Clean that damn thing up.
text: Finnegan runs up, possibly the most exercise he’s ever had,
text: followed by his huge, fancy coach.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT’D)
dialog: I’ve had my men collect your
text: equipment from the hall, now clean
dialog: that thing up and get it into the
dialog: carriage, quick.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What? Why?
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Just do it!
text: Victor stares at him, looking completely insane, and Finnegan
text: is correctly intimidated.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Because you’re two mad bloody
dialog: geniuses, and it would be a
dialog: tremendous waste to see you hauled
text: off to Scotland Yard.
text: Victor looks to Igor. Igor looks to Victor. Victor offers
text: Igor his hand, and Igor takes it.
text: Victor pulls him to his feet.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON:
text: Fingers, fidgeting with a crucifix, turning it around and
text: around, end over end.
scene_heading: INT. GREENHOUSE - SUNSET
text: Inspector Turpin is here with Alistair, amongst all the
text: broken glass, as they talk to an elderly GROUNDSKEEPER.
text: Turpin’s red-eyed, anemic condition appears slightly worse;
text: he’s distracted, not really paying attention to the
text: Groundskeeper, instead looking up at the shattered roof,
text: osmosing the scene, fidgeting with his cross.
speaker_heading: GROUNDSKEEPER
dialog: We didn’t expect to have a real
dialog: Inspector from the yard out, you
dialog: see, we just thought there would be
text: a few bobbies to make a report of
dialog: the damages.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Inspector Turpin and I are here
dialog: because he believes- we believe
dialog: there might be a connection to an
dialog: ongoing investigation.
text: Turpin notices something on the wall, and gets up onto a
text: table, trying to get a better look at the roof. He reaches
text: up and touches something on the shattered window.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: GROUNDSKEEPER
dialog: Oh, I nary think it’s anything so
dialog: serious, probably just some
text: hooligans out for a laugh before
dialog: christma-
text: Turpin raises his hand, which is covered in blood.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Hooligans.
speaker_heading: GROUNDSKEEPER
dialog: Good christ-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Constable, give me a lift would
dialog: you?
scene_heading: MOMENTS LATER,
text: ON THE ROOF...
text: Turpin has pulled himself up out onto the shattered roof,
text: Constable Alistair clumsily following. Turpin begins making
text: his way further up the roof.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Inspector, I don’t think it’s safe
dialog: that we should-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Oh come now, I’m making easy work
dialog: of it, and I haven’t slept in days.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: ...-You haven’t been sleeping?
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: A slip of the tongue. It’s just
dialog: been a difficult time. Not enough
dialog: money in this job; a christly
dialog: occupation, to be certain, but I
dialog: can’t afford a sitter to watch my
dialog: Rebecca, and it’s...taxing, on the
dialog: mind. I’ve been having nightmares,
dialog: as well.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Well, the case has gone mostly
dialog: cold. Sir, if you need a break,
dialog: I’m sure myself or Inspector Walton
dialog: could take over-
text: Turpin hoists himself up onto the next level of the roof,
text: noticing Igor’s shoe and picking it up as he goes.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Don’t be silly, Ali; what do you
dialog: think the nightmares are...about...
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Inspector? Something wrong?
dialog: 54.
text: Alistair hurriedly pulls himself up onto the roof after
text: Turpin, and sees Turpin, still clutching the shoe, staring at
text: the glaringly obvious trail of blood and destruction, bizarre
text: and horrifying in the darkening daylight.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR (CONT'D)
dialog: Dear god.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: ..+-Mostly cold indeed.
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT
text: Victor and Igor are arguing; it’s the first time this has
dialog: ever happened.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: It was bloody homicidal!
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: There was no way I could’ve known-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: But Victor you could’ve helped, you
dialog: could've done something-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I did do something, I saved your
dialog: life! What was I meant to do,
text: spring up like a jack-in-the-box
text: after it pummeled me into a wall,
dialog: say how-ya-do and take it down with
dialog: a crisp uppercut? What did you
dialog: want—
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You said you didn’t care about the
dialog: people at the school! The other
dialog: students-—
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Stop going on about “people” being
dialog: “in danger” and you being “thrown
dialog: off a building,” Igor, we made real
dialog: progress today!
text: Finnegan emerges from the attic door. Igor starts a
text: rebuttal, but Victor raises a hand, and Igor’s subservient
text: instincts guide him to silence. They look to Finnegan.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Am I to understand you...built all
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: That’s correct.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: And you...Mr. Straussman, you were
dialog: responsible for conglomerating the
dialog: organic tissue of the creature I
dialog: saw today?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I-
dialog: (looks to Victor)
dialog: Yes, that’s right.
text: Finnegan's next words are measured to the millimeter.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: I...apologize, Victor. I
dialog: had...misjudged you. Your flaws,
text: though they are glaring and massive
dialog: are...merely social, not
dialog: intellectual. I find your work
dialog: astonishing, innovative, and...to
dialog: be perfectly frank...brilliant
dialog: beyond my own ability to
dialog: comprehend.
text: There’s a beat, and Finnegan takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT’D)
dialog: As you know, I come from the third
dialog: richest family in England. Could
dialog: you create another one, like
dialog: Gordon?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Like Gordon?
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Well, no. Aman. Something
text: capable of following orders.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: No, that’s ridicu-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: We'll do it. We can do it.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Is there a hesitation, Igor?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: This technology is not meant for-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
text: There is no hesitation.
text: Finnegan gives Igor a short glance, chuckling.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: I have the means to back you in
dialog: your experiments on much larger
dialog: scale.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: All of them, Igor, this artificial
dialog: man would just be a starting point.
dialog: You're certain you’re-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: He’s certain.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Hah, very well. I’11 want another
dialog: demonstration, more controlled. I
dialog: want to know that you can follow
dialog: direction. Take orders, so to
dialog: speak. Is this a problem?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Excellent. Expect to hear from me
dialog: soon.
text: Finnegan leaves, and Igor stares angrily at Victor. Victor
text: turns on him abruptly, and before Igor can speak he’s
text: immediately caught in a paralyzingly crisp stream of words.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: You did not create this technology,
dialog: yet you presume to tell me how to
dialog: use it? Know your place. I will
dialog: not let your own ignorance of the
dialog: world at large stand in the way of
dialog: the progress of my experiments.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: But Victor, surely-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Have you already forgotten what I
dialog: did for you at the circus?
text: Igor falls silent.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: This is my destiny, this is your
dialog: destiny, Finnegan is our only ally
dialog: and we will build him a whole damn
dialog: zoo of homunculi if it means
dialog: furthering our research, am I
dialog: understood?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: +..Yes Mast- Yes Victor.
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT - BASEMENT LAB
text: Igor slowly comes down the stairs. Victor, wearing a lab-
text: coat, is working in near total darkness, lit by sparks.
dialog: 57.
text: He’s standing over the operating table, which has a new sheet
text: over it; something under the sheet writhes and twists
text: bizarrely.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: So glad you could be here. I want
dialog: to show you my newest creation.
text: Igor moves forward; there’s strange, muted growling from
text: beneath the sheet. Igor looks to Victor, who grabs the sheet
text: and yanks it off, revealing...
text: The Hunchback, dirty in his tattered clown uniform, writhing
text: in his restraints on the table!
text: The Hunchback turns to Igor and let’s out Gordon’s hideous,
dialog: mechanical scream!
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT - IGOR’S ROOM
text: Igor snaps awake in bed, breathing hard. He calms himself
text: down, and then looks out the window, at dawn over London.
scene_heading: EXT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - MORNING
text: The huge house is beautiful, led into by a long driveway.
text: Igor stands at the edge of this drive, clearly nervous,
text: fidgeting. A butler comes walking up the drive to get the
text: mail, and Igor, frantic, jumps into a bush to try to hide.
text: The butler reaches the end of the drive, picks up the mail,
text: and then casually turns to Igor in the bush.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Can I help you, sir?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I...uh...I’m here to see Lorelei.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Master Igor, I presume.
text: Igor falters, surprised, and then smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. THE THAMES - RIVERSIDE
text: Igor and Lorelei, looking positively scorching hot, walk
text: together up a walkway on the side of the Thames.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: Well why don’t you just tell him
dialog: you won't do it?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: It’s not- I owe him everything, I
dialog: can’t just-
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: Why not? You said he identifies
dialog: you as his partner.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: I don’t know, if you ask me the
dialog: whole business sounds sinister.
dialog: Cutting up corpses? Bringing
dialog: people back from the grave? I’m
dialog: not a scientist nor a priest, but
dialog: doesn’t it seem wrong to you?
dialog: Against nature?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: No, no...It’s about life, not
dialog: death.
text: Igor and Lorelei are coming up a bridge to cross it, and Igor
text: realizes privately that it’s the same bridge he jumped off in
text: his circus escape. They stop, looking out over the dyes.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
text: Victor dreams of a world filled
text: with hope, instead of fear. A
dialog: world where a mother who dies
dialog: during childbirth can live to see
text: her son, where a murdered man can
text: personally identify his murderer.
text: Where a paralyzed soldier with
text: shrapnel embedded in his spine can
dialog: be killed, healed, and then be
dialog: brought back to life to walk again.
dialog: The possibilities are endless...
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: Yes but Igor...what do you want?
dialog: What is your place in this dream?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: ...-Enough about me. What’s next
dialog: for you?
text: Lorelei gives him a look, but then laughs.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: Honestly? I was thinking of
dialog: starting to give lessons...maybe
dialog: even starting a school.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Trapeze?
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: No, very few high society girls
dialog: enjoy...trapeze, more dance.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: LORELEI (CONT'D)
dialog: Gymnastics and dance, all the
dialog: things I know best- I could never
dialog: go back to a circus, to that life-
text: Lorelei stops, seeming to gather herself.
speaker_heading: LORELEI (CONT'D)
dialog: I must- I must- you were my closest
dialog: friend, for three years I knew you
dialog: as “the hunchback-”
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: That’s over now-
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: But the things I saw and- Igor can
dialog: you ever forgive me, I’m so sorry-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You shouldn't apologize-
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: No, I should. I should I should
dialog: (is overcome)
dialog: I saw the way they treated you,
dialog: sleeping in that rail car and-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Lorelei-
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: The beatings, you’d come around
dialog: covered in bruises, I did nothing
dialog: oh I did nothing, because I was too
dialog: afraid and, and selfish-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Lorelei it’s all right-
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: But that’s your nature to say “it’s
dialog: all right,” you’re too forgiving-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: What were you going to do? Take it
dialog: up with management? Who was there
dialog: to tell? Who was there to turn to?
dialog: If you’d come to my aid Nathaniel,
dialog: Rafferty and the rest...I never
dialog: blamed you. Not once. Ever.
text: Igor let’s this sink in. They look down over bridge, to
text: where the dyes are pouring into the water, coloring it
dialog: purple, blue, red, green...
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Besides, we’re here now, aren’t we?
dialog: We're here and we’re beautiful.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: (collecting herself)
dialog: What I’m saying is you mustn’t
dialog: allow anyone to bully you, ever
dialog: again. If you think Victor is on
dialog: the wrong road, you must make a
dialog: stand. Don’t let yourself be
dialog: anyone’s footstool, ever again.
dialog: Promise me.
text: Igor blinks; he’s somewhat in shock.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I...I promise.
text: There’s a beat. They’re staring into each other's eyes.
dialog: There should be a kiss here. There isn’t.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTOR'S FLAT - SHORTLY THEREAFTER
text: Igor is confidently approaching the door; he reaches out to
text: open it, but then takes a beat.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: (mutter under his breath)
dialog: Victor...truly respect me as a
dialog: scientist...something you can’t
dialog: control...
text: Someone loudly clears their throat behind him, startling Igor
text: into a little yelp.
text: There stands Doctor Claus Von FRANKENSTEIN, late 50s early
text: 60s, lean and gray, with a demeanor so cold his breath has a
dialog: wind chill factor.
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: Igor. You look...slimmer. I see
dialog: you've finally organized your hair.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know your parents are worried
dialog: sick about you, I assume. Tina has
dialog: been in regular correspondence.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: .«.-I’m sorry, I don’t-
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: Is Victor here.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Yes, I-
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: Very well.
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT - CONTINUOUS
text: Victor sits at his desk; he’s engrossed in drawing something,
text: a blueprint. He’s fully absorbed in it, and doesn’t look up
text: when Igor enters.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Where have you been? Do you really
dialog: think it’s wise that you go
text: gallivanting about on the town when
dialog: there’s a manhunt-
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: Victor.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I’m busy- father!?
text: Victor jumps up in such boyish haste he nearly knocks over
text: his work table.
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: You- you came for Christmas-
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: No, Victor. Sit down.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I- yes, of course, please.
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: (to Igor)
dialog: Leave.
text: Igor looks to Victor; shit, there goes his chance to confront
text: him. He goes up the stairs, but then stops at the top,
text: surreptitiously eavesdropping as Victor and his father sit by
dialog: the fire.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Father, I’m so excited to tell you,
dialog: I’ve had great breakthroughs with
dialog: my experiments—
text: Frankenstein talks into the fire, never once addressing
text: Victor; throughout their discussion Victor leans further and
text: further forward in his chair, trying to force himself into
text: his father’s eye-line.
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: I don’t care.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: My theories- listen father, my
dialog: theories, they were all correct-
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: I don’t care about your disastrous
dialog: experiments or your poorly
dialog: researched theories-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Haha, yes, but that’s what I’m-
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
text: Victor, silence.
text: Victor falls quiet, the smile dripping off of his face.
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN (CONT’D)
dialog: When you were smaller I always had
dialog: a great anxiety about you. Your
dialog: mother and myself always saw that
dialog: you had a capacity to ruin things.
dialog: Do you remember all the things you
dialog: ruined.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I-
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: Do you recall what I said about
dialog: your experiments.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes-
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: I said your experiments were of ill
dialog: repute. I told you not to become a
dialog: doctor. The modern doctor is a
dialog: wasteful man, I said, many times.
dialog: He cannot accept that death is the
text: inevitable, inescapable conclusion
text: of life. He tries to “beat the
dialog: reaper.” This is futile. I have
dialog: told you this many thousands of
dialog: times throughout your childhood, as
dialog: it is a lesson, as you know, that
dialog: cost me a great deal.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: But- you see that’s what I wanted
dialog: to tell you, I’ve done it- I mean I
dialog: can show you, I’ve finally...
text: Claus stares at Victor. Victor freezes in the gaze of the
dialog: one person he clearly most wants to impress...
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: Yesterday I received a telegram,
dialog: informing me that you are to be
dialog: called before the board of
dialog: directors of the college. They say
dialog: you neglect schoolwork. They say
dialog: you behave strangely. They intend
dialog: to expel you. Did you know this?
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I- expel me, they can’t-
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: Can’t they?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: ...Father...if you just listen to
dialog: me, I...I...
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: You what?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I-
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: Luckily you are of age where I no
dialog: longer need to take responsibility
dialog: for your faults and failings. If
dialog: the board asks me to speak in your
dialog: hearing, I will tell them you never
dialog: should have been admitted in the
dialog: first place.
text: Victor sits staring at his father.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I...I’m so sorry father.
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: Apologies. Are. Meaningless. How
dialog: many times must I tell you.
text: Frankenstein stands up and leaves, just like that, leaving
text: Victor sitting, silent. Igor, upstairs, clearly doesn’t know
dialog: what to do next.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTLAND YARD - TURPIN’S OFFICE
text: Turpin’s office is messy, clearly the den of a hardworking
text: man. He’s sitting at the desk alongside his daughter
text: REBECCA, 9 years old. She’s adorable, currently playing with
text: Turpin’s magnifying glass.
text: He leans to and makes a face at her through it. She laughs,
dialog: delighted.
text: Alistair enters, holding a sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
text: Results on the shoe are back,
dialog: Inspector- oh, hello Miss Rebecca-
speaker_heading: REBECCA
text: (peering at him through
dialog: the magnifier)
dialog: Hello Mister Alistair.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: I couldn't find a sitter. Busy
dialog: night. Let me see.
text: Turpin grabs the list, going over it.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Custom job, like you thought.
dialog: Tailor made by Red Crescent
dialog: Cobblers, only six made in that
dialog: size in the last two years-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Ha. Well would you look at that.
dialog: (flips the list over)
dialog: “Igor.”
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT - VICTOR'S ROOM - LATER
text: The sun is setting. Victor is staring at it through his
text: window. He’s a million miles away, lost in the labyrinth of
text: his own brain, mumbling to himself.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: So what’s this then?
text: Victor's startled; he turns to see Igor holding the blueprint
dialog: he was working on.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
text: Finnegan's project. An artificial
dialog: man, a modern Prometheus-...it’s
dialog: stupid. The research is pointless.
text: Igor looks at Victor; he’s pathetic, sitting there like a
text: child. His father’s words split him down the middle. Igor
dialog: seems to steel himself...
text: ..-but then stops, his own kindheartedness winning out.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: It’s also not big enough.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: ..-what-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Oh nothing, never mind-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: No, I- what do you mean?
text: Igor turns the blueprint around; it’s a human body, or
dialog: rather, instructions for building one.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Gordon was fast, sure...but he
dialog: couldn’t muster much strength at
dialog: all. Seemed to be having a hard
dialog: time breathing-
text: Victor perks up just a tiny bit.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Embolisms, in the lungs, of course!
text: With that much raw energy coursing
dialog: through the body the organs
dialog: overtaxed themselves, would’ve been
dialog: dead in ten minutes shovel or no!
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: But if we’re going to build
dialog: something that we want to live and
dialog: stay alive, we’re going to need
text: more energy. Tons more energy.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes. But what could possibly
dialog: generate-
speaker_heading: IGOR VICTOR
dialog: Lightning? Lightning!
text: Victor sits up scrambling through his messy desk.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I have just the thing- one of my
dialog: earliest designs for the Lazarus
text: sucked energy out of the air,
dialog: surely a larger version could,
text: create a static burst similar to
dialog: lightning, or, in theory-
dialog: 65.
text: He finds the blueprint he was looking for; a menacing spikey
text: mad science rig labelled “The Cloud Hook.”
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: How would it handle the energy- I
dialog: mean we can’t simply make bigger
dialog: organs-—
speaker_heading: IGOR
text: Two sets of lungs.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Ha! Aha! Yes, brilliant! Not
dialog: just lungs, either, two hearts, as
dialog: well, keep the blood flowing
dialog: through that bigger body!
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Shall I get some whiskey-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes! Do that!
scene_heading: IN THE LIVING
scene_heading: ROOM, LATER...
text: Victor has pulled a chalkboard into the living room.
dialog: The two
text: of them are drinking, laughing, diagramming their creation.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: He’1ll need a broad head- maybe an
dialog: elephant skull-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes, to house all the electrical
dialog: stabilizing equipment- maybe we
dialog: could just make our own skull-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Make our own-
text: LATER...
dialog: Drunker.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: The bones will have to be
dialog: reenforced; we can shape elk, maybe-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: And we can give him a great...great
dialog: flat head-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Yes, and then, install, a chess
text: board across the top of his head-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes so that I shall beat you at
dialog: chess whilst riding on the
dialog: shoulders of my glorious behemoth-
text: LATER...
text: Drunkest. Igor holding himself up on the board, Victor
text: perched awkwardly in the chair, both of them unable to talk
dialog: or breathe through laughter.
speaker_heading: IGOR
scene_heading: GREAT- GIANT BOSOMS- ALL OVER-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
text: YES AND WE SHALL- SHALL INSTALL
text: SADDLES TO RIDE ON THE- BREASTS-
text: GIANT BREASTS AND PEOPLE WILL say
dialog: “here come Igor and Victor and
dialog: their masterpiece of tits”-
speaker_heading: SLAM TO:
text: Igor, fast asleep on the floor of his bedroom. There's
text: noises from downstairs. Igor, shoeless and bedraggled,
text: checks the clock: 3:46 AM.
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT - CONTINUOUS
text: Igor cautiously makes his way down the stairs, seeing Victor,
text: fully dressed, headed out the door.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Oh, you’re awake. I didn’t want to
dialog: disturb you. Finnegan’s called us
dialog: in for our second test.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: What? Now?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes, apparently it’s quite urgent.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Well let me-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Igor, there’s no time.
text: Victor turns and starts to head out the door.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: But I don’t even- wait! Victor!
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
text: Igor, still shoeless, in a carriage next to Victor as it goes
text: through the streets. He looks understandably pensive.
scene_heading: INT. DETTWEILER’S LAB
text: It’s a big warehouse space; all the lights are out, except
text: for a few at the back, which faintly illuminate moving
dialog: figures.
text: Igor and Victor enter at the darkened side, and bright white
text: electrical bulbs flicker to life, revealing a pristinely
text: clean, high tech laboratory and machine shop.
text: Over at the far end, we can see Finnegan, standing around a
text: table with a bunch of well-appointed men in labcoats.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Excellent! You made it. This way,
dialog: right this way.
text: Finnegan beckons them, and Victor starts quickly moving
text: through the lab, Igor behind him, amazed by all the different
dialog: equipment.
text: They approach the crowd of scientists, and Finnegan smiles;
text: they're gathered around a little dirty bundle on the table.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT’D)
dialog: So glad you could make it. This is
dialog: Fritz Dettweiler, the man I told
dialog: you about, Victor. Fritz, this is
dialog: Victor Frankenstein, Igor
dialog: Straussman.
dialog: 68.
text: Igor awkwardly extends a hand to Fritz DETTWEILER, late 40s,
text: a gaunt, wispy German man with the countenance of a skeleton.
text: He glances at Igor’s outstretched hand, disinterested.
speaker_heading: DETTWEILER
dialog: I do not normally work with a
dialog: partner, much less two. Young
dialog: Finnegan reached me through his
dialog: father’s company. He has told me
dialog: you young men can do things,
text: wondrous things with flesh.
dialog: Perhaps too wondrous to be
dialog: believed.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Dettweiler’s an engineer.
speaker_heading: DETTWEILER
dialog: The foremost engineer in Europe.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: That seems a bit of a reach.
speaker_heading: DETTWEILER
dialog: As does the ability to reanimate
dialog: the dead.
text: Victor just smiles. Dettweiler sighs.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Here, you'll see, you'll see...
text: Finnegan goes around the table to the bundle, and unwraps it,
text: Igor and Victor leaning in. It’s...he is a dead infant, not
text: even a year old. Its little body is cold and gray, but not
text: gruesome.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT’D)
text: Dead not even six hours.
text: Igor pulls back in revulsion, whilst Victor merely looks to
dialog: Finnegan.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Where did you get this?
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: One of my work-studies. I very
dialog: charitably decided to work
dialog: Christmas Eve, and lo and behold,
dialog: the Baby Winthrop passed on.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: The parents?
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Lower class people; the Winthrops,
dialog: of Devonshire road. I’ve told them
dialog: I’ve taken the baby to the
dialog: mortuary.
dialog: 69.
text: Dettweiler raises a marble.
speaker_heading: DETTWEILER
dialog: This was found in the infant’s
dialog: throat. They should have watched
text: their child with more care.
text: Dettweiler smiles at Igor, who cringes.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: We've got a private room in there
text: set up with all the equipment from
dialog: the blueprints you gave me.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You gave him your plans?
text: Victor, ignoring Igor, nods in agreement.
speaker_heading: DETTWEILER
dialog: So. Can you do it?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Absolutely.
scene_heading: INT. DETTWEILER’S LAB - PRE-OP
text: Victor and Igor are washing up.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Tell me it will work. Tell me the
dialog: baby will be all right.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Of course it will work. The bio-
dialog: electric energy from the fork
dialog: should heal any of the cells lost
dialog: from the subject’s period of death--
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Victor, we don’t know if-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I do.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’ve resurrected rats before, and
dialog: they came out...you know, mostly
dialog: alright, and that was before I had
dialog: your gifted hands. You can save a
dialog: life or let it disappear.
speaker_heading: WE ENTER A
scene_heading: MELANCHOLY,
speaker_heading: SOLEMN SEQUENCE
text: Victor and Igor, in a private room cramped with sleeker, more
text: high tech versions of Victor’s equipment, lay the Baby
text: Winthrop on the table, and begin the process of prepping it.
dialog: 70.
text: We watch as they give it various injections, stretch the body
text: to hold off rigor mortis, as Igor uses his deft skills as a
text: surgeon to insert electrodes all over the body.
text: Igor attaches the Lazarus Fork bolts into the baby’s neck.
text: Finnegan, Dettweiler and his scientists surround the table.
text: Igor stands back, nervous.
text: Victor primes the machines, and without ceremony, fires the
dialog: dynamos.
text: Nothing happens, and then the electrical wiring all over the
text: baby lights on fire. This gets laughs from the scientists.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Igor, help, quickly-
text: Igor and Victor tear away all the equipment, putting out the
dialog: fires...
text: ...to reveal the Baby Winthrop, uninjured and very much
text: alive. Finnegan looks to Dettweiler, enormously pleased with
text: himself; the scientists quietly lose their shit.
speaker_heading: DETTWEILER
dialog: Mein gott. Incredible.
text: Igor looks to Victor, who raises an eyebrow: “Told you so.”
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Gentlemen, if you’d excuse us.
text: The scientists move out into the lab.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Well alright then, which one of you
dialog: is going to be a sport and kill it?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I- you- WHAT!? VICTOR-
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: What’s this tizzy? What do you
dialog: want me to do? Bring it back?
dialog: (tinkling laugh)
dialog: Of course we have to kill the
dialog: infant. I’m afraid this isn’t
dialog: negotiable; I’d really be much more
dialog: comfortable knowing the thing was
text: properly disposed off.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: It’s just an experiment, Igor. We
dialog: must make sacrifices-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I won’t let you- I won’t stand by-
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: YOU WILL. YOU WILL STAND BY. YOU
text: WILL GET OUT OF THE WAY-
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: My word, for the money I’m now
dialog: going to put behind you, you can
dialog: resurrect a dozen babies-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I- I- I- you bastard, you bloody
dialog: monstrous bastard-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Get out of here. Now.
text: Igor looks at the baby one last time, but his natural
text: meekness overpowers him, and he storms out.
scene_heading: INT. DETTWEILER’S LAB - MAIN ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Igor pushes through the scientists, making a beeline for the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: EXT. DETTWEILER’S LAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Igor storms out into the empty, snowy street, crying, raging,
text: he stomps back and forth.
dialog: NO! HE WON’T STAND FOR THIS!
scene_heading: INT. DETTWEILER’S LAB - MAIN ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Igor CHARGES back in, Finnegan stepping in front of him- Igor
text: shoves him aside, going towards the surggery door, which
text: bursts open. Victor holds the dingy little bundle.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Make yourself useful and dispose of
dialog: this.
text: Victor slams the bundle to Igor’s chest. Igor stares at him
text: in horror. Victor is emotionless, cold...
text: The world seems to fall away for Igor. Everything goes
dialog: silent.
scene_heading: BEGIN SONG: “FIX
dialog: YOU", BY
scene_heading: COLDPLAY.
text: Clutching the bundle to his chest, he turns and walks out the
dialog: door.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: EXT. DETTWEILER’S LAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Igor slams the door behind him, breathing hard, tears
text: streaming down his face. He stares out into the predawn fog,
dialog: his mind racing...
text: The Baby Winthrop coos. Igor looks down: The baby, though
text: unconscious, is alive. He blinks in shock. A scrap of paper
text: is tucked in with the baby.
dialog: 
dialog: Scribbled in familiar handwriting: “I - How little you think
dialog: of me. - F.”
text: Igor let's out a little gasping laugh, and then looks around
text: in disbelief.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON - DAWN
text: The snow falls lightly, the crowd bustles, and Igor emerges,
text: carrying the baby. He walks across half the city,
text: purposeful, not pausing; Christmas morning is peaceful, but
text: we watch as the streets slowly crowd with people.
text: We see him ask several strangers for directions, finding his
text: way, crossing bridges, going down alleys, finally reaching...
scene_heading: EXT. WINTHROP RESIDENCE
text: Igor stops outside the house, and looks down at the baby. He
text: goes up to the door of the rickety little brownstone house,
text: knocks, no reply.
text: And then MR. WINTHROP answers the door; the man is a wreck,
text: pale, red-eyed, bereaved. He sees Igor; he speaks. Igor
text: doesn’t respond.
text: Instead, he simply holds out the baby.
text: Winthrop stares at it, and then calls out, and again, and
text: again. Igor hands the baby to him and he nearly faints.
text: MRS. WINTHROP appears in the doorway.
text: She sees the baby, and simply stares in shock. Mrs. Winthrop
text: clutches onto both her child and her husband as Igor slowly
text: backs away from the door. The reunited family collapses in a
text: sobbing heap in their door frame.
text: They begin to call after Igor, but Igor, taking one last long
text: look at them...vanishes into the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. THE THAMES
text: Igor stands staring out over the water, crying, breathing
text: hard, laughing and talking to himself. He seems to realize
text: something, and then takes off running.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREETS OF LONDON
text: Igor runs, and runs, and runs, a man on fire. He stops,
text: winded, to loosen his back brace.
scene_heading: EXT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Igor runs up from the street, through the garden, up to the
text: front door, knocks frantically, waits, knocks again, waits,
text: the butler answers, Igor speaks frantically, the butler goes
text: away, Igor waits, tries to fix his disheveled appearance,
text: makes it worse, Lorelei appears in the doorway-
text: Igor grabs her and kisses her.
text: After a startled moment, she kisses him back. They stand in
text: the doorway, laughing and holding each other.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTOR'S FLAT - LATER
text: Igor approaches, divinely happy, driven, heading towards the
text: door, when someone grabs his sleeve...
dialog: ..-It’s Turpin.
dialog: CuT “FIX YOU”
speaker_heading: ABRUPTLY.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Hello again, Igor.
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT
text: Igor is bringing out tea, his hands shaking. Turpin is
text: settling down opposite Victor by the fire, Constable Alistair
text: over by the window.
text: Victor now sits in the chair his father sat in, with Turpin
text: in the smaller seat.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Pleasant Christmas?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Indeed. We went caroling. We’re
dialog: both very tired-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Whose coach was that I saw drop you
dialog: off, Victor?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: My father’s. He took me for lunch.
text: Turpin smiles.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Igor, would you mind showing me
dialog: your shoes?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Not just yet, Inspector. What's
dialog: all this about?
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: It’s in relation to the Blue
dialog: Meringue Circus Hunchback Murder.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What’s his shoe got to do with it?
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Interesting you said “shoe” rather
dialog: than “shoes.”
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Something wrong, Mr. Straussman?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Oh! That’s right! I do recall
dialog: reading about it: the hunchback
dialog: what threw the dwarf off the
dialog: bridge.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Wasn’t there talk of...witchcraft?
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Well, we don’t give credence to
dialog: occult speculation-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Not officially.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Oh, but unofficially? You believe
dialog: in...witches, Inspector? Goblins?
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Oh, no, nothing so extreme. But I
dialog: do believe there are punishments
dialog: for dealing with the devil. Just
dialog: as there are punishments for lying
dialog: to police officers.
text: Victor and Turpin seem to lock in on each other.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Ah, yes, but police officers
dialog: actually exist, you see.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Funny, Victor. But, in the end,
dialog: things have a way of catching up,
dialog: even with the funny people. Now
dialog: let me see his shoes.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: To see his shoes I’m afraid I’m
dialog: going to have to see a proper
dialog: search warrant.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: What’re you playing at Victor?
dialog: What do you have to hide?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: You've twice mentioned punishment
dialog: without specifying who would be
text: meting it out.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: I inferred our Lord.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Oh yes, “God,” hm, well, I’m sure
dialog: if god existed I would be in far
dialog: deeper trouble than I am now-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: I’m not here to convert you, Victor-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: No, indeed, go ahead, it’s a cause
dialog: without a champion. Tell me more
dialog: about this “god” fellow who
dialog: apparently has some vendetta
dialog: against me-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: I didn’t come to debate religion
dialog: with a child scientist-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What was the insult there, “child”
dialog: or “scientist-"
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: I know your bloody type,
dialog: Frankenstein, all sure of their
dialog: theories and analysis, you listen,
dialog: my wife Claudia, bless her soul,
dialog: she trusted in that poppycock and
dialog: what'd it get her, dead, said it
dialog: was appendicitis well look how far
dialog: it got her knowing the name, how
dialog: much money we spent on the
dialog: medicines, my daughter crying all
dialog: night, all the treatments and she’s
dialog: still dead isn’t she, she’s still
dialog: dead because God was punishing me
dialog: wasn’t he, for my folly, and her
dialog: for parlay with the gypsies come up
dialog: from White Chapel, and you think
dialog: you're so smart, well you’re not so
dialog: smart and I’m onto you and I’1l-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: My god. You’re mad.
dialog: 76.
text: Turpin stops dead at this, trailing off and seeming to take
text: Victor’s accusation under very serious consideration.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: Roderick, don’t-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Easy constable. Don’t agitate the
dialog: loony-
text: Turpin flips the tea-tray, startling Igor, but Victor doesn’t
text: flinch. He stands there breathing hard for a moment.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: I’1ll be back here with a warrant.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I look forward to that. Will you
dialog: be bringing the apostles along as
dialog: muscle?
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: We'll see. We’ll see who’s so
dialog: bloody smart.
text: Turpin goes to leave, but stops for a moment, taking a hard
text: look at Igor, who’s frozen in terror. Turpin shakes his
text: head, mutters something, and storms out, Alistair following.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Well. That was exciting. The two
dialog: of us both quite mad, shouting at
text: each other. Stuff of legend.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTOR'S FLAT - CONTINUOUS
text: Turpin rages out into the street, Alistair in tow.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: I want a damn warrant, call me mad-
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: INSPECTOR, I can’t vouch for you,
dialog: we saw no sign of any foul play and
dialog: the shoes alone aren’t enough-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Did you see how they froze up when
dialog: we mentioned the shoes, they’re
dialog: hiding something-
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: I agree that their behavior was
dialog: suspicious, but-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Sus- suspicious!? He arrived in a
dialog: Finnegan Industries coach, and then
dialog: lied! THEY LIED to my FACE. To
dialog: our faces.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: TURPIN (CONT'D)
dialog: And coupled with Victor's
dialog: combativeness, his aggression...And
text: the basement door, open, Straussman
text: staring at it in fear the whole
dialog: time. A warrant isn’t good enough,
dialog: we need a raid. Will you back me
dialog: if we go to Chief Inspector?
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: -.-Yes. I will.
text: There’s a strange beat, Turpin trying to collect himself.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Listen, Alistair, I got excited in
dialog: there but...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m not mad.
text: It comes out sounding more like a question than a statement.
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT - VICTOR’S ROOM
text: Victor is going through his closet, getting dressed, while a
text: concerned Igor is nearby.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Did you have to needle him like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: The man was an unstable sideshow,
dialog: of no threat to us-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: We had a saying back in the circus,
dialog: “Never feed a lion when it’s
dialog: hungry.”
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Enough.
text: Victor pulls on his coat.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: We're already late for my hearing.
dialog: Apparently they can’t expel me
dialog: quickly enough.
text: Victor seems to choke on this last sentiment.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen, would you...come with me.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: To the hearing?
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes. I intend to give them a piece
dialog: of my mind and I'd rather- I'd
dialog: rather not do it alone.
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
text: Victor, silent and meek, on a raised platform.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION ROOM
text: It’s beautiful but very sparse, Victor standing alone ina
text: sea of negative space, with the board of directors across the
text: room from him behind a desk. His father sits nearby, staring
text: out a window. Igor stands off to the side, in a corner.
text: DR. CLIVE, the head of the board, old and dignified, is
text: reading from a list.
speaker_heading: DR. CLIVE
dialog: -students find Victor to be in
text: turns rude, obnoxious, sinister,
dialog: unpleasant, a loudmouth, a
text: braggart, a false intellectual and
dialog: a liar. For every essay Victor is
dialog: assigned he returns spurious hokum
dialog: regarding raising the dead, or
text: rantings and blueprints regarding
dialog: his apocryphal electrical
dialog: creations. When reminded that this
dialog: was not an engineering college,
dialog: Victor was quoted as saying “The
dialog: body is merely a machine. If you
dialog: don’t understand this you are an
dialog: ignorant nincompoop who is better
text: off spending his day in a barn,
dialog: perfecting the art of milking a
dialog: male horse.”
text: At this, there’s some hubbub at the board desk.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: D-...D- Doctor Clive, Doctor
dialog: Cushing, Doctor Brannaugh, I j-
speaker_heading: DR. PRICE
dialog: Dr. Frankenstein, have you anything
dialog: to say?
dialog: Frankenstein thinks.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: F- Father-
speaker_heading: FRANKENSTEIN
dialog: Only that I am shocked that he was
dialog: able to attend this long.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: DR. PRICE
dialog: Very well. Victor Frankenstein,
dialog: for the afore stated grievances,I
dialog: hereby state that you are expelled
dialog: from the Royal College of Medic-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You leave him alone damn it!
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Igor, don’t-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Has this reputable institution have
dialog: no eye for real intelligence, real
dialog: innovation, real revolution?
dialog: Surely a real medical school would
dialog: have this man performing his
dialog: experiments in its hallowed halls,
text: rather than in the dingy confines
dialog: of a basement. Time will prove all
dialog: of you fools, fools, and show this
dialog: man to be a genius!
dialog: 
text: Victor looks to be in a state of shock. Igor’s flustered,
text: breathing hard. The medical board exchange glances.
speaker_heading: DR. PRICE
dialog: I’m sorry but...Who are you,
dialog: exactly?
scene_heading: INT. COACH - TEN MINUTES LATER
text: Victor and Igor sit in the coach as it rattles up the street.
text: Victor has his head pressed against the window, staring out.
text: Igor is clearly nervous he’s screwed up.
text: Victor speaks without looking up, clearly lost in his own
dialog: thoughts.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: He wasn’t always like that you
dialog: know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I had a brother. Henry. He was
dialog: older than me by three years, but
dialog: he never, he never bullied me the
dialog: way the boys at schools were
text: bullied by their brothers, he
dialog: was...kind. He was intelligent,
dialog: more than kind he was intelligent,
dialog: my parents had such great hopes for
dialog: him. One night, I went out in the
dialog: snow, to watch a storm, I- I didn’t
dialog: understand the danger, but Henry
dialog: did. He came out looking for me,
text: and Kent does get cold, it does get
dialog: so cold at night.
dialog: (shivers, upset)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I found my way home, but they found
dialog: Henry the next morning....not Dead
dialog: yet, but, dying. My father rushed
dialog: to town to get medicine, but by the
dialog: time he got back it was too late.
dialog: Henry had...died. Only moments
dialog: before my father returned. He was
dialog: fourteen.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It changed my father. Broke him.
dialog: He lost hope in everything,
dialog: became...you’ve seen him. You've
dialog: seen what he became. And I suppose
dialog: it changed me, too. I could no
dialog: longer, like so many do, live in
dialog: fear of death, in fear of life,
dialog: these mystical things. No. I had
dialog: to see them made tangible. Henry
dialog: deserved a second chance. My
dialog: father deserved a second chance,
dialog: everyone deserves a second chance.
dialog: And now I’ve built something that
dialog: can finally...
text: Victor trails off, staring out the window.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: What you did back in the college.
dialog: No one has ever. No one has ever.
dialog: I have only ever had one friend. I
dialog: am happy that it is you.
text: Igor nods. Then, after a hesitant beat...
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Listen, Victor...I have faith in
dialog: you. I have faith in your ideas,
dialog: and I understand you think Finnegan
dialog: is the only way to continue our
dialog: work, but I ask you to reconsider.
dialog: His motives are unclear, his lack
dialog: of morality frightens me, and the
dialog: fact that you’ve already given him
dialog: most of your designs, our designs,
dialog: scares me most of all. So if I
dialog: truly am your partner...If I truly
dialog: am your friend...
text: Victor seems to osmose this for a moment, taking it in.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
text: It’s all so dire now. All so dire.
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT - NIGHT
text: Igor is nervously sketching out a design for a lightweight,
text: collapsible wheelchair. He hears a sound from upstairs and
text: waits, looking; it’s clear Victor has gone into his room and
dialog: not come out for some time.
text: There’s a knock at the door.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: (whisper-yell)
dialog: Victor! Victor!
text: Nothing. No response. Igor tries to look out the window,
text: and can’t see anything. Tension builds. He goes and picks
text: up a fireplace poker, then moves slowly to the door; the
text: knock comes again, startling him.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (one last try)
dialog: Victor!
text: No response. Igor swings open the door and sees-
text: LORELEI! Igor yelps, dropping the poker behind the door, and
text: then trying clumsily to camoflage his spazz-out by
text: straightening his hair.
text: One of Baron Bomine’s carriages is parked in the street
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Did I scare you?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Yes, very much-
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: I thought since you were so bold in
dialog: the morning, I should be bold
dialog: tonight...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Will you come with me to Baron
dialog: Bomine’s Christmas ball?
text: Igor looks hesitant; he glances back at Victor’s locked door
text: at the top of the stairs, then at Lorelei, then back at the
text: door, then Lorelei...
scene_heading: INT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - BANQUET ROOM
text: Igor and Lorelei are at a long table, filled with rich and
text: swanky looking high society types. Baron Bomine is seated
text: nearby. A NOBLEMAN is talking animatedly his friends, Igor
text: quietly listening and drinking.
speaker_heading: NOBLEMAN
dialog: Hospitals in general to me seem an
dialog: indecent idea; piling the sick
dialog: together like that, just seems
dialog: against common logic. People go in
text: with a broken leg, and come out
dialog: dead from pneumonia.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: S'not the hospitals.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: NOBLEMAN
dialog: Beg pardon?
text: Igor looks to Lorelei, horrified at having spoken up, but she
text: urges him on.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: A good modern hospital should never
dialog: have these problems. It’s just
dialog: that in a city of this size, many
dialog: of the hospitals are unclean or
dialog: poorly kept; the notion of a
dialog: hospital is a positive one, it’s
dialog: the execution, the lack of public
dialog: support, the acceptance of under-
dialog: qualified doctors and nurses that
dialog: allows the sort of infective cross
dialog: pollination you’re describing.
speaker_heading: NOBLEMAN
dialog: Mm. Probably quite right, I
dialog: suppose; these days we seem to have
dialog: wealth of medical students, and a
dialog: dearth of real physicians. Are you
dialog: a doctor?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I...I uh-
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: Yes, he was trained but never got a
dialog: degree.
speaker_heading: NOBLEMAN
dialog: I say, are you looking for a job?
dialog: I run a company up north; it would
dialog: be a real boon to have someone on
dialog: staff who knows a bit about
dialog: medicine, especially a respectable
dialog: man like yourself.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I...Uh, I would-
speaker_heading: NOBLEMAN
dialog: No need to give me an answer right
dialog: away. I’11 look into it. What did
dialog: you say your name was?
text: Igor blanks out for a moment, shocked at the opportunity.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: Igor.
text: Igor smiles excitedly at Lorelei, who squeezes his hand.
text: LATER...
dialog: 83.
text: Igor is being introduced to various high society people; at
text: first, he looks nervous, but by the third intro, he’s
text: laughing, smiling, cracking jokes...
text: LATER...
text: They're dancing; it’s all strict ballroom, but Igor and
text: Lorelei are adding goofy little circus flourishes that are
text: drawing positive attention. Baron Bomine, watching on, looks
dialog: pleased.
text: Igor grunts, suddenly pained.
speaker_heading: LORELEI (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Yes, I just need a minute.
scene_heading: INT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - IGOR AND LORELEI’S ROOM
text: A frustrated Igor wrestles off his jacket and shirt. He tugs
text: on the back-brace, finally fully taking it off. He realizes
text: with a start that he’s fine without it; he’s outgrown it.
text: Pondering this, folds up the brace into a pocket-size ball,
text: and stares at, rolling it around in his hand. It is Victor.
text: Lorelei enters, shutting the door behind her. Igor shows her
text: the folded back-brace.
text: Lorelei turns and locks the door, then rushes Igor, tackling
text: him; they fall onto the bed, giggling and making out...it
text: slowly turns more sexy...
scene_heading: INT. BOMINE CARRIAGE —- MORNING
text: The carriage rumbles up the road, Igor happy in the backseat
text: clearly deep in thought. They turn onto Victor’s street, and
text: Igor looks up to see-
scene_heading: EXT. VICTOR'S FLAT - CONTINUOUS
text: The place is SWARMING with cops. Bobbies are everywhere,
text: pounding a battering ram against the front door, prying at
text: the grates over the windows. Turpin’s among them.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Go, go, up there.
text: The carriage pulls around the corner, and Igor hops out,
text: ducking immediately behind a fruit cart. The crowd is
text: distracted by the bobbies, and Igor sneaks around, ducking
text: through the crowd, trying to move towards an alley to the
dialog: right of the house.
text: Turpin’s head snaps up, pinpointing Igor’s quick movements in
dialog: the crowd.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: There you are.
text: Turpin takes off running after Igor, Alistair staying behind
dialog: with the bobbies.
text: He runs hard, around the corner, around the building to the
speaker_heading: BACK ALLEY
text: Where he nearly catches Igor. The alley is cluttered with
text: garbage, crates and water piping. Igor manages to snake
text: through, vault over, or smash aside the obstructions; Turpin
text: can barely keep up.
dialog: Without the back-brace, this clown can move.
text: Igor rounds the corner, kicking a box of garbage into
text: Turpin’s way, and then down a short, hidden set of stairs to
text: Victor's back door; Igor rushes through, slamming it in
text: Victor's face.
text: He screams in anger, kicking it and trying to get it open...
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S FLAT - BASEMENT LAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Igor has himself frantically pressed against the door,
text: turning to see Victor who’s rushing from machine to machine,
text: priming them to overload.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Victor, we-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: WHERE WERE YOU?
speaker_heading: TURPIN (0.S.)
text: OPEN THIS DOOR, NOW! There’s no
dialog: way out!
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: The bolt- get the bolt-
text: Igor frantically bolts the door. There’s a crash upstairs;
text: the bobbies have breached the flat.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I've already sent one of Finnegan's
dialog: men for a carriage-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Victor, stop, we have to get out of
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: And let them have my bloody
dialog: machines, not likely!
text: We can hear bobbies in the flat upstairs.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Get a Lazarus fork.
text: As Igor frantically searches for a fork, Victor turns,
text: pulling up a panel from the floor, revealing a manhole cover.
text: He begins using a wrench to unscrew the bolts on the cover.
text: Upstairs, the bobbies start pounding on the door, hitting it
text: with the battering ram. Igor finds a Lazarus Fork.
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR (0.S.)
dialog: Open the door! Scotland Yard!
speaker_heading: TURPIN (0.S.)
dialog: You’re done running, heathens! The
dialog: road ends here!
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Not enough time- We need a
dialog: distraction!
text: Turpin has begun booting the alley door; it’s shaking on its
text: hinges badly, now. Victor tosses the wrench to Igor, and
text: takes the Lazarus fork from him.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: What’re you-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Get it open!
text: Igor starts working on the manhole cover, while Victor turns
text: and rips open another hidden compartment, some form of
text: refrigerator; there’s a huge burst of cold air...
text: -.-and a corpse falls out of it, into Victor’s arms. Igor
text: stops dead.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
text: KEEP WORKING YOU DAMN FOOL!
text: Igor keeps working, distracted, panicked. Victor drags the
text: corpse onto the table; it was a young man, but now it’s
text: emaciated and old and MISSING ITS EYES.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Who- ...WHAT-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Igor Hunchback, meet Igor
dialog: Straussman.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: ++.-you- you-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I found him dead months ago,
dialog: overdose.
dialog: 86.
text: Igor stands staring at Victor, pale and shocked. Victor
text: quickly begins locking in the Lazarus Fork. The door
text: upstairs starts to give.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: What’re you waiting for!? FINISH
dialog: THAT COVER! YOU WANT TO GO BACK TO
dialog: THE CIRCUS? YOU WANT TO GO TO
text: PRISON OR BE EXECUTED BY THAT
dialog: MANIAC, WORK DAMN IT!
text: Victor continues priming Igor Straussman’s corpse for
text: resurrection, and Igor numbly goes back to unscrewing the
text: cover; he’s nearly done.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: The brain is undoubtedly too
dialog: deteriorated- but he still ought to-
text: The door upstairs gives, and Alistair leads the bobbies in a
text: charge down the stairs, as Victor FIRES THE DYNAMOS. The
text: overloaded machines spark and LIGHT ON FIRE, filling the
text: basement with fiery chaos-
text: The charge, way too much, BLASTS into Straussman’s corpse,
text: resurrecting it and lighting it ablaze. The screaming,
text: flailing, flaming zombie lurches off the table, and Victor
text: casually SHOVES INTO THE ONRUSHING POLICE.
text: Brawling, burning chaos ensues.
text: The door behind Victor is kicked in by Turpin, knocking him
text: down. Turpin bursts in, gun drawn. He takes a shot at
text: Victor, who dives for cover, and then Turpin turns, smacking
dialog: Igor.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Where’s the hunchback!? Show him
dialog: to me!
text: Igor staggers back, but finds himself blocked by the anarchy
text: of Straussman and the bobbies. Turpin grabs him, slamming
text: him against one of the machines.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: No- no- I’m sorry, I’m sorry-
text: Turpin stares at Igor’s face, the realization hitting him.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: My god. It’s you.
text: Victor GRABS TURPIN’S HAND, and SHOVES IT INTO THE SPINNING
text: WHEEL OF ONE OF THE BURNING DYNAMOS. Turpin SCREAMS in agony
text: as his right hand is crushed, which in turn jams the dynamo,
text: sending a SPRAY OF SPARKS directly into his face.
text: The machine explodes into flame, and Igor goes to try to help
text: Turpin as he burns, but Victor grabs him, kicks off the
text: manhole cover, and drags them both down into the sewer hole.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: INT. THE SEWER - CONTINUOUS
text: Igor and Victor fall down into the muck, and Victor yanks
text: Igor to his feet, both of them running, splashing through the
text: grime.
text: There’s a splash from behind them, and Igor looks back into
text: the darkness; he can’t see anything.
text: Victor leads Igor through the darkness, finally bursting out
text: through a drainage ditch onto
speaker_heading: THE STREET
text: They’re a block away from the house, crawling up onto the
text: street. A Finnegan coach, marked as such, is parked nearby.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Come on, come on!
text: Igor falters, pulling away from Victor, but then sees someone
text: coming up from the drainage ditch. At this, he jumps onto
text: the alongside Victor, and it speeds off up the street.
text: As the carriage rounds the corner, Turpin, bloodied, burnt
text: and shaking, one of his eyes milked over and blinded, pulls
text: himself up out of the ditch; he gets a momentary look at the
text: carriage, before he falls backwards, into the ditch.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: (barely conscious)
dialog: F...Finnegan.
scene_heading: INT. FINNEGAN FAMILY HOME - OFFICE
text: Finnegan is at the far end of the luxurious home office,
text: playing darts. He’s focused, intense-
text: Victor bursts in, followed by Igor, who’s clearly still deep
dialog: in thought.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Frankenstein, Igor, what an
dialog: unexpected surprise- my god what’re
dialog: you covered in-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Sewage.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: -delightful-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: The police have raided my home in
dialog: search of Igor. We managed to
text: evade capture, but in the process
dialog: we gravely injured several police
dialog: officers.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: ..-Ah. Why- why exactly did the
dialog: police- you know on second thought,
dialog: it doesn’t really matter. I
dialog: suppose now you’1l have no choice
text: but to leave London, post haste.
dialog: At the very least, get your sewage
text: covered bodies out of my father’s
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes, very good.
text: Finnegan snaps.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: My family has an estate, the Castle
dialog: Erskine, in Belgium. Quite rural
text: and secluded, ideally suited to
dialog: both your needs as a scientist and
dialog: a, well- fugitive. We could set up
text: a new lab, with help from
dialog: Dettweiler, and-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes yes, good, we’ll leave
dialog: immediately.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Oh will you? Ha, right, I’1ll go
dialog: prepare a coach.
text: Finnegan heads out of the room. Victor sighs.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: This is your fault, I hope you know
dialog: that. Parading about town with the
text: acrobat. Still, all is forgiven;
dialog: perhaps this change of scenery will-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I’m not going ANYWHERE with you.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What?
text: For the first time in our story, Igor is visibly ANGRY.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You amoral psychotic piece of shit-
dialog: Scratch that, FURIOUS.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Igor-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: How could you do that? To keep
dialog: from me for months that you had
dialog: killed a man and given me his name-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I didn’t kill him- you’re
dialog: overreacting!
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: No, Victor, enough is enough-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: You have a chance here to be part
dialog: of-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Of what? Being lied to, chased by
text: monsters and hunted by police-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Oh, don’t focus on the dark side-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: NO! You’re- you’re a- a BAD
speaker_heading: FRIEND.
text: Victor is startled by the simpleness of the accusation, and
dialog: Maybe even hurt.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: After all I did for you-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You care for no one but Victor
dialog: Frankenstein-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I told you I didn’t kill Straussman-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: And why should I believe you!? In
dialog: my time with you I’ve seen you put
dialog: lives in danger in pursuit of your
dialog: dreams, your experiments-—
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Straussman was a waste of space,
dialog: this fanfare from you is more of a
dialog: funeral than his own family
dialog: would've given him-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: So he deserved to be toyed with
dialog: like a puppet to help you escape,
text: to have his eyes torn out of his
dialog: head, where was HIS second chance-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I hadn't invented the fork yet, I
dialog: couldn’t- Why are you saying these
dialog: things, can’t you see-
text: Finnegan reenters.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: All right, time is of the essence.
dialog: Gentlemen, your coach is ready-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: No Victor I see clearly. You are
dialog: blind, and you have no capacity to
dialog: see what’s happened, what you’ve
dialog: done-
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: -also, if I could ask you to turn
dialog: down the volume, my parents are
dialog: home after all-
text: Victor looks from Finnegan, to Igor and back.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You can go to your ruin. But I’m
dialog: staying here.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Oh? And going where, exactly?
dialog: Back to the Blue Meringue to resume
dialog: your illustrious-—
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: It’s none of your concern.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: None of my- Oh, just brilliant!
dialog: What? To Lorelei? Where will you
dialog: go?
text: Igor is silent, staring at Victor; Victor can feel himself
text: being judged, slowly realizing that Igor is completely out of
text: his control. His expression changes.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: You fool. I created you. Clown!
dialog: Circus freak! You think because I
dialog: put you in a back-brace and cut
dialog: your hair you can turn your back on
dialog: me, go ahead, see how far you get
dialog: in the real world with your
dialog: “acrobat” and your new life! You
dialog: stand in the way of the future,
dialog: you're an embarrassment to
dialog: everything I’d hoped to accomplish!
dialog: Fine! Fine! I’m rid of you, rid
dialog: of you, rid of you!
text: Victor stands there, breathing hard, waiting for Igor to
text: respond. He doesn’t. Victor fidgets, seeming about to speak
text: again, then turns and storms out.
text: Igor looks after him in shocked disappointment.
scene_heading: MOMENTS LATER...
dialog: 91.
text: Igor stands on the balcony, watching Victor below as he gets
text: into a coach, stolid, emotionless. Finnegan appears next to
text: him, and looks down at the departing coach, then at Igor.
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: So what’s next for you, then?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: ...I don’t know.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: That’s sad to hear, old boy. Sad
dialog: to hear. Seems you and Victor have
dialog: had a bit of a falling out.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I said what I meant to say.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Very well, very well, good for you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, I knew Igor Straussman.
text: Igor blinks.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT’D)
dialog: A real bore, nouveau riche, drug
dialog: addict. Nothing like...this.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I-
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Ah-ah-ah. So who are you then?
dialog: That’s the question. Doesn’t
dialog: matter, really. Victor’s been very
dialog: forthcoming with his designs, but I
dialog: still need him for now. You, on
dialog: the other hand-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Finnegan-
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: So let’s see: your benefactor has
dialog: departed, your home has been
dialog: ransacked by police, your identity
dialog: revealed as a fraud...Do you
dialog: understand what I’m saying?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What I’m getting at, old sport, is
dialog: that you won’t be missed.
text: Igor is jabbed in the neck with a syringe, and one of
text: Finnegan’s goons YANKS A BURLAP SACK OVER IGOR’S HEAD FROM
speaker_heading: BEHIND.
text: SMASH TO BLACK.
dialog: 92.
text: We can hear the sounds of a carriage rattling up the street;
text: we're in Igor’s POV. Finnegan speaks; Igor’s drugged, and
text: through the burlap sack Finnegan’s face distorts in
dialog: nightmarish ways.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (0.C) (CONT’D)
dialog: You know you and Victor aren’t the
dialog: only ones with vision. You aren’t
dialog: the only ones trying to change the
dialog: world. I too have a dream of the
text: future. A dream where the British
dialog: empire extends not just to India
dialog: and Africa, but over the entire
text: globe. A world where dead enemy
text: soldiers are reassembled into new
dialog: British troops. I see an
dialog: unkillable army of your monsters,
text: one million strong, marching across
dialog: Paris, Moscow, Washington DC...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh, you don’t approve. I’d
dialog: imagined you and Victor wouldn’t
dialog: like that much. Luckily, the
dialog: architects won’t have to live in
dialog: the house they built. Goodbye
dialog: “Igor.”
text: There’s the sound of a door opening.
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
text: A watery impact - SPLASH!
text: Igor, the bag over his head, his ankles bound together and
text: his hands tied behind his back, rapidly sinks down into the
text: water. He struggles frantically, but can’t get free.
text: Igor’s nearly at the bottom now; it’s getting dark. He
text: manages to shake off the bag, but still can’t get his hands
dialog: free of the binds.
text: He’s running out of air; he stares up at the light coming
text: down through the water high above him.
dialog: He’s out of time.
text: Igor bends violently forward, cracking his back! He SCREAMS
text: in pain, but the new position allows him to slip his hands
text: under his feet, which lets him rip off the bindings around
text: his ankles.
scene_heading: EXT. THE THAMES - SHORE - CONTINUOUS
text: Igor, returned to his hunchbacked state, drags himself up
text: through the mud onto the shore of the Thames. He vomits out
text: water, coughing, and howls in pain, tearing off his wrist
text: bindings and clutching his back.
text: He looks up noticing a group of little boys who were playing
text: by the river.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Help...Help me-
text: The little boys, horrified of this muddy river monster, turn
text: and run. Igor lays there, sobbing and coughing.
scene_heading: EXT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - LATER
text: Lorelei is sitting at a tea table in the gardens, sipping tea
text: and reading a book. There’s a crash from nearby, and Lorelei
text: stands up, going around the side of the house, where she
dialog: sees...
text: Igor, filthy and pathetic, the hunchback, cowering behind
text: some garbage bins. He stares up at her, helpless and
dialog: ashamed.
text: She goes to him.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: FADE IN...
text: It's been at least a week. Igor, worn out, is in a bed,
text: sick....He tries to get up, but then collapses onto the
text: ground; Lorelei rushes to help him.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Victor...Victor...
text: Igor passes out.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: ABRUPT CUT TO:
text: A crucifix, dangling limply. There’s a scratching sound in
dialog: the background.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTLAND YARD - CHIEF INSPECTOR’S OFFICE
text: Roderick Turpin sits alone in the police chief's officer at
text: the desk. He’s grinding the heavy brass hook that used to be
text: his right hand back and forth on the arm of his chair.
text: Time has past, and his injuries are healing: his left eye is
text: gone, covered by a leather patch. His skin is pock-marked
text: with electrical burns, still covered by bandages.
text: He is staring straight ahead at the chief's empty seat. He
text: doesn’t move at all, except for the grinding hook.
text: The CHIEF INSPECTOR enters, flanked by Alistair, who goes and
text: stands by Turpin. The Chief sits. He and Turpin stare at
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Straussman wasn’t Straussman.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CHIEF INSPECTOR
dialog: Beg pardon?
speaker_heading: TURPIN
text: The body, the burning creature,
text: that was Straussman. The young man
dialog: who said he was Straussman was in
dialog: fact the hunchback, transformed by
dialog: Frankenstein-
speaker_heading: CHIEF INSPECTOR
dialog: Inspector, this is not-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
text: They escaped by way of a Finnegan
dialog: Family Coach; Finnegan also attends
dialog: Royal College of Medicine, makes
dialog: sense, he’s in on it too, maybe
dialog: funding them-
speaker_heading: CHIEF INSPECTOR
dialog: Inspector Turpin, stop-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: I would guess that Frankenstein has
dialog: fled the country, more than likely
text: alongside Finnegan, who a little
dialog: digging showed spends his summers
dialog: at Castle Erskine in Belgium-
speaker_heading: CHIEF INSPECTOR
dialog: Roderick-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Which is where we’ll find them, the
dialog: Hunchback on the other hand- well
dialog: you see we never found the girl,
dialog: the aerialist, and I’d wager-
speaker_heading: CHIEF INSPECTOR
scene_heading: STOP IT RODDY. DAMN IT.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Listen. We can catch them-
speaker_heading: CHIEF INSPECTOR
dialog: We can. And we will.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: ...-Am I to understand-
speaker_heading: ALISTAIR
dialog: You're being removed from the case.
speaker_heading: CHIEF INSPECTOR
dialog: The whole force, in fact.
dialog: Constable Alistair will be taking
dialog: your place. You are on a medical
dialog: and mental reprieve.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Don’t do this. Please.
speaker_heading: CHIEF INSPECTOR
dialog: Belgium, Roderick? High society
dialog: hunchbacks, undead monsters,
dialog: conspiracies involving one of the
dialog: richest families in England?
dialog: You've lost your grip, Roddy,
dialog: you've lost your whole hand! Your
dialog: eye! Take a break, please!
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: You bastard.
speaker_heading: CHIEF INSPECTOR
dialog: I’m doing this for you. Spend some
dialog: time with you daughter, rest, good
dialog: god man. You are the best
dialog: detective we have, and you haven’t-
dialog: you haven't slowed down since
dialog: Claudia died-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Don’t you mention her name. Don’t
dialog: you ever say her name.
text: Turpin seems to think for a moment, then picks up his chair
text: and hurls it into the wall, shattering it. He stands there,
text: uncomfortable, and then looks to Alistair.
speaker_heading: TURPIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Justice will be done.
text: Alistair just looks a afraid. Turpin calmly walks out,
text: slamming the door behind him.
scene_heading: INT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - BATHROOM
text: Igor is on the floor, braced against the side of the bathtub
text: and the edge of the sink. He twists his body; there are
text: terrible cracking and popping sounds, and he gasps in pain,
text: then WRENCHES HIMSELF TO THE LEFT-
speaker_heading: CRACK.
speaker_heading: SWISH TO:
text: Igor clicking the backbrace back on. He looks out the
text: window, determined.
scene_heading: EXT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - NIGHT
text: Igor exits the house, heading down the steps, walking with a
text: purpose. Moments afterwards, Lorelei bursts out.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Go back to sleep-
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: Igor, don’t do this, don’t go-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I'm sorry Lorelei.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: You can stay here, with me, and
dialog: forget all this-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I cannot forget.
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: This is a man who has already
dialog: attempted to murder you once and
dialog: very nearly succeeded, please- Igor
dialog: you’ve never even left London, it
dialog: isn’t-
dialog: 96.
text: Igor stops, turning, yelling in anger for the first time.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I must! Don’t you see that? I
dialog: cannot let Victor die, and I cannot
dialog: see this horror created in his
dialog: name, it’s- this is my
dialog: responsibility. I have to go,
dialog: Lorelei, I have to stop it.
text: He stands there, breathing hard, more human than we’ve ever
text: seen him, and touches his back in pain. Lorelei, seeing him
text: as though for the first time, pauses, thinking, and then....
speaker_heading: LORELEI
dialog: Igor...You once told me of a world
dialog: you and Victor wanted to create. A
text: world filled with hope instead of
text: fear. It is a beautiful, beautiful
dialog: dream.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don’t let them turn it into a
dialog: nightmare.
text: Igor nods.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKS
text: Out on the docks on the English Channel, Igor
text: ticket information for his passport. He gets
text: board a tramp steamer, giving the ticket to a
text: He gets halfway up the ramp before the sailor
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: Oi! We need a first AND last name.
dialog: is filling in
dialog: up and goes to
speaker_heading: SAILOR.
text: shouts at him.
text: Igor takes the paper back, staring at it. IGOR...
dialog: 97.
text: He takes the pencil, and fills in SURNAME: FRANKENSTEIN.
speaker_heading: SLAM TO:
text: Igor stands out on the deck of the ship as it sails across
text: the choppy Atlantic Ocean.
speaker_heading: WE SEE:
text: Brief shots of Igor travelling. We know where we’re going
dialog: and why, and we don’t know what we’ll find there.
scene_heading: EXT. ERSKINE VILLAGE - DUSK
text: A carriage for hire rattles up the road towards a little
text: picturesque village set at the base of rolling hills.
text: Halfway up one of the hills sits a very tall windmill,
text: attached to an old farmhouse.
text: And at the top of that same hill, surrounded by thick woods,
text: is Castle Erksine...An ancient stone castle, gray against the
text: dimming sky, surrounded by a dry moat.
text: A storm is brewing on the horizon, lightning crackling inside
text: black clouds. Rain has started to trickle down.
text: Igor leans out, staring at the castle.
speaker_heading: WE SEE:
text: Igor arriving at the town’s tavern. The coach rattles off,
text: leaving him alone. The street seems oddly empty.
scene_heading: INT. ERSKINE TAVERN — ALMOST CONTINUOUS
text: Igor comes in, shaking off the rain. He heads quickly to the
text: bar, where he greets a pleasant BELGIAN BAR MAID.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Good evening. Listen, I’m just
dialog: here on business. I was wondering
dialog: if you wouldn’t mind giving me some
dialog: directions up to the castle-
text: The door bursts open, and a BELGIAN COUNCILMAN along with a
scene_heading: TOWN HEAVY.
speaker_heading: HEAVY
dialog: -this is the will of god- you’ve
dialog: seen what they do up there, you’ve
dialog: seen the robbed graves- Inspector,
dialog: tell him-
text: Turpin (!!!) enters, soaking wet from the rain; Igor flings
text: himself around behind the bar. He crouches there, panicked.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: What you are dealing with here is
dialog: criminals, councilman, you must
dialog: remember that: Every second you
dialog: allow them to continue their
dialog: business up their you are
dialog: effectively harboring them. This
dialog: cannot stand.
text: Igor looks up at the bar-maid; he gives her a winning smile,
text: and the “sssshhhh” gesture. She giggles and nods. He starts
text: crawling towards a back-door.
speaker_heading: COUNCILMAN
dialog: But surely, not tonight- the storm,
dialog: the rain-
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: You think that’s a bloody
dialog: coincidence!? They're causing the
dialog: goddamn storm- you said you saw all
dialog: the electrical equipment brought
dialog: in, all the animal corpses too,
dialog: it’s- they use technology, yeah?
dialog: The recent storms and flooding have
dialog: been a product of their folly,
dialog: they’re to blame for the bad crop.
speaker_heading: HEAVY
dialog: I’ve talked to the whole town about
text: it, thirty strong men ready to go
dialog: up there and get those Irish
dialog: bastards out of here-
text: Igor makes it to the back-door.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Don't be a coward, councilman. We
dialog: must take things into our own
dialog: hands, don’t you see that? The
dialog: rumors around your town; grave-
dialog: robbing, black magic, witchcraft, I
dialog: am here from Scotland Yard,
dialog: confirming them. These men are in
dialog: allegiance with Satan, and must be
dialog: stopped. They-
text: Igor slips out silently, but Turpin still turns instantly.
speaker_heading: TURPIN (CONT'D)
dialog: ...must be stopped.
speaker_heading: SLAM TO:
text: Igor, running frantically up hill, through the woods,
text: breathing hard, totally freaking out.
text: The rain has really started pouring down, the wind getting
text: stronger, and the darkness of night settling in.
dialog: 99.
text: Igor’s fancy clothes are torn and dirtied, but he doesn’t
text: stop running until- suddenly- pain. The exertion is
text: straining his back; it’s healed, but still weak.
text: He trips and falls, holding his back, onto a rocky ledge.
text: Down below he can see people coming into town from the
text: harvest riding a plow, holding pitchforks, lighting their way
text: by torchlight.
text: They're mobilizing.
text: Lightning flashes in the clouds. The rain pours down.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE ERSKINE - SHORTLY THEREAFTER
text: Igor, exhausted, his back aching, makes it to the bridge over
text: the dried out moat. He stumbles and nearly falls, out of
text: breath, filthy and soaking wet.
text: He creeps around the side of the castle, looking for a way
text: in. Finally, he comes to the base of huge, gnarly, overgrown
dialog: tree.
text: Igor climbs up and through the branches, finally at the top,
text: he’s able to plan a jump across to the castle’s top wall
text: walkway.
text: One of Finnegan’s guards walks past, and Igor nearly falls
text: out of the tree in his effort to conceal himself. The guard
text: passes, and Igor pulls himself up and flings himself across.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE ERSKINE - COURTYARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Igor sneaks along the upper wall, finally coming to a break
text: in the wall where he can see down into the courtyard, where
text: Victor's laboratory is set up.
text: It is INCREDIBLE.
text: Giant-size versions of all his laboratory machinery have been
text: set up, abuzz with power, and a huge scaffolding system has
text: been set up around a raised platform next to one of the
text: towers; the scaffolding goes up fifty feet into the air, and
text: atop it sits Victor’s hypothetical lightning magnet, the
scene_heading: CLOUD HOOK.
text: On the platform stands Victor and Dettweiler; Victor wears a
text: completely awesome looking buttoned up labcoat, with huge,
text: gnarly looking goggles on his forehead. Dettweiler wears a
text: black version of much the same.
text: Between them is a massive gurney, but Igor can’t get a good
dialog: look at what’s on it...
dialog: To Igor, who saw all this when it was just a pipe-dream, it’s
text: breathtaking. There are several other scientists/technicians
text: in lab-wear working the machines, supervised by Finnegan, who
text: looks excited.
dialog: 100.
text: He stealthily moves to the lower level, and quietly sneaks
text: through the lab, moving towards Victor and Dettweiler on the
text: platform. And as the gurney tilts up, there it is:
text: The PROMETHEUS is just over ten feet tall, stitched together
text: for over two dozen different donors. Its body is gargantuan
text: and misshapen; its head is oddly shaped, the face wide and
text: bizarre, a mess of features stretched and jigsawed together
dialog: to create a simulation of humanity.
text: Igor watches as Victor goes under one of the big machines,
text: into the inner-workings.
scene_heading: -.-UNDER THE
text: MACHINE...
text: Victor, goggles down, is fiddling with dials and wires; the
text: machinery around him has begun to spark and glow with energy.
text: It’s powering up.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Victor.
text: Victor turns wto see Igor, having snuck in from the other
text: side, lit by the flashes of electricity give the cramped
text: space an ethereal light. He doesn’t seem to have any kind of
dialog: reaction.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: How-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You have to stop the experiment.
speaker_heading: DETTWEILER (0.S.)
dialog: Almost done down there?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: You came all this way-
speaker_heading: IGOR
text: Turpin’s in the town.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: He’s in the town, he’s coming here-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: But that’s absurd, he has no
dialog: jurisdiction-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I really don’t think that matters
dialog: to him anymore.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: -.-You’re lying, you’re just trying
dialog: to drag me down again, did my
dialog: father send you-
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: It’s a soldier, Victor.
text: Victor stops dead.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s used you.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: «+ -no-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You've created the prototype for a
dialog: weapon, Victor, a living weapon-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Absurd- I won’t- I don’t believe it-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Have you known me to lie? Once?
dialog: Ever?
text: The machine sparks, and Victor flinches.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Finnegan tried to have me killed,
dialog: Victor. I’ve come here to save
dialog: you, as I believe he intends to
dialog: kill you too when you’ve outlived
dialog: your usefulness and given him what
dialog: he wants. We can still get out of
dialog: this, Victor, but you must stop the
dialog: experiment.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (0.S.)
dialog: Victor, what on earth are you doing
dialog: down there-
text: Victor stares at Igor. Finnegan peers down at them, then
text: jerks back.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Guards! Guards! Intruder!
dialog: Igor darts out
speaker_heading: FROM UNDER THE
speaker_heading: MACHINE
text: And makes mad dash across the laboratory, but he’s tackled
text: and dragged down by two of Finnegan's goons.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: No- Victor, help me!
text: Victor, coming out from under the machine, seems a million
text: miles away; his expression is unreadable.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Breaking and entering, really?
dialog: High drama! Intrigue!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Take him away, we'll deal with him
dialog: after the exp-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Don’t do this, Victor, don’t let it
dialog: happen-
text: One of the guards punches Igor in the face, shutting him up.
text: Victor flinches.
speaker_heading: DETTWEILER
text: The machines are ready. Mr.
dialog: Frankenstein, if you please.
text: Victor takes one last look at Igor, then steps up onto the
text: platform. Finnegan hops on alongside him, and nods to a lab
text: tech nearby, who throws a massive switch; with a great
text: creaking, and rattling roar, the platform begins to rise up
text: through the gantries, towards the swirling storm high above.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Don’t let that parasite distract
dialog: you, Victor. He’s just trying to
dialog: steal your moment. He had his
dialog: chance to be a part of this, and he
dialog: gave it up.
text: Victor's silent, watching Igor scream up to him, muted by the
text: roar of the machines.
speaker_heading: DETTWEILER
dialog: Everything is running at one
dialog: hundred percent efficiency. Your
text: designs are flawless. Priming the
text: Cloud Hook now.
text: Dettweiler flips a switch, and above them, at the top of the
text: elevator machinery, the “Cloud Hook” glows to life with a
text: rumble; they’re easily thirty feet in the air now.
text: Victor looks over his Prometheus, massive and menacing.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Is it a soldier?
text: Finnegan falters, looking to Dettweiler, who's as
text: expressionless as ever.
scene_heading: DOWN IN THE
speaker_heading: COURTYARD
text: Igor’s being dragged inside by the two heavies.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: No, this isn’t- this isn’t-
text: OUTSIDE...
dialog: 103.
text: Turpin and his mob of villages have arrived, in a fervor.
text: They’re using the plow to ram the main gate, again and again.
dialog: ...- INSIDE
text: The thugs are momentarily distracted by the sound at the
text: front gates.
text: Igor wrenches his body, snapping the back-brace shut on one
text: of his captor’s hands. The man screams in agony, and Igor
text: kick’s out the other man’s knee, effortlessly circus rolling
text: out of his grasp.
text: He takes off running, shoving past the lab technicians and
text: jumping over equipment before jumping up onto the bottom of
text: the scaffolding, rapidly climbing up towards the still
text: ascending platform.
dialog: UP ON THE
speaker_heading: PLATFORM
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Is it a soldier? Answer me.
speaker_heading: DETTWEILER
dialog: Yes. It is.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Dettweiler, really-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: My...my central pursuit has been
dialog: the preservation of life, and
dialog: you’ve- you've deceived me into
text: building a killing machine.
text: The platform grinds to a halt, now suspended fifty feet up,
text: atop the gantry way, the Cloud Hook crackling with energy
text: next to them.
text: Down below, the machinery’s grinding causes Igor to slip,
text: nearly plummeting off the scaffolding.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Deceived you, really? Is that what
dialog: I did? Did you ever even think to
dialog: ask? Of course not, because for
dialog: all your genius, all your
dialog: inventions, you’re still a small
dialog: mind, Frankenstein. You deserve to
dialog: be used, you require it, because
dialog: you can only see the little
dialog: picture, sight, but no vision!
dialog: (straightens himself)
dialog: Victor, now isn’t the time nor the
dialog: place for a philosophical debate.
dialog: Activate the Cloud Hook.
text: Victor just stares at him.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you waiting for, activate
dialog: the-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: You tried to kill Igor.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: I- damn it- Do it now, Frankenstein-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I've perverted everything I hoped
dialog: to achieve. I’ma fool.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Activate the hook, you’ve got no
dialog: choice-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I beg to differ.
text: Victor begins violently yanking electrodes and wires out of
text: the Prometheus, ignoring Finnegan.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: What’re- No, damn it, Dettweiler,
dialog: stop him!
text: Dettweiler draws a pistol. Victor stops, staring at it.
speaker_heading: DETTWEILER
dialog: I have wanted to tell you, Victor:
dialog: You are a child. You know nothing
dialog: of the world. Now stop this
dialog: foolish tantrum or I will take
dialog: action to ensure that this
dialog: experiment is a a success.
text: Victor stares at him for a moment, chuckles, and goes right
text: back to yanking out the electrodes.
text: Dettweiler raises the gun.
speaker_heading: DETTWEILER (CONT'D)
dialog: Pathetic. I told you, I never work
dialog: with a partner.
text: Victor's eyes flit to the right of Dettweiler and then back.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Funny. I do.
text: Dettweiler is GRABBED FROM BEHIND BY IGOR, PULLING HIMSELF UP
text: OVER THE RAILING. Dettweiler’s shot goes wild, hitting the
dialog: Cloud Hook.
text: It sparks, insanely bright for a moment, and Dettweiler
text: shoves Igor backwards, nearly off the edge, raising his gun-
dialog: 105.
text: The Cloud-Hook EXPLODES TO LIFE, DOZENS OF LIGHTNING BOLTS
text: STRIKING AT ONCE, A DELUGE OF PURE ENERGY CRASHING IN FROM
text: ALL POINTS OF THE CLOUD ABOVE IN A BLINDING, DEAFENING
text: BARRAGE OF LIGHT HEAT AND SOUND.
text: The damaged Cloud Hook comes off its hinges, smashing
text: Dettweiler off the platform; he plummets down into an
dialog: electrical console, BAM! Dead.
text: The Hook’s restraints snap, and it swings free, now SPRAYING
text: LIGHTNING INTO THE LAB, AN INDOOR ELECTRICAL STORM OF
text: INCREDIBLE INTENSITY, frying Finnegan’s goons and scientists,
text: overloading the machines and causing them to burst into blue
dialog: flame!
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Unexpected-
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: No! No! NO! What’ve you done,
dialog: you idiots-
text: The entire platform framework, blasted by the lightning,
text: destabilizes, blowing apart, causing the platform to drop
text: herky-jerky down through the center of the structure, Igor,
text: Victor and Finnegan struggling to hold on.
text: The Cloud Hook, overcharged with energy, EXPLODES!
text: VICTOR IS SENT FLIPPING TEN FEET HORIZONTALLY INTO THE
scene_heading: MASSIVE ELECTRICAL COILS—- THEY COLLAPSE APART IN A SHOWER OF
scene_heading: SPARKS AND BLAZING ELECTRICITY-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Victor!
text: THE PLATFORM FLIPS as it completely comes free of the
text: elevator machinery, and Igor goes crashing to the-
text: SLAM TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: The air is choked with smoke. Fires burn all around,
text: contained but unbearably hot. Igor lays face down on the
text: ground, half conscious.
text: The plow again crashes into the gate; it’s splintering now,
text: starting to crack. Soon, they'll be inside.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (0.S.)
dialog: (somewhere in the smoke)
dialog: Igor! Is that you down there?
text: Igor blinks, confused, and then there’s a gunshot!
text: Finnegan's trying to freaking shoot him!
text: Igor hurries away, moving blindly through the smoke; he can
text: hear but not see Finnegan. He trips for a moment over
text: something; it’s the gurney.
dialog: 106.
text: It’s empty.
text: Igor can hear the breathing behind him. He turns, slowly.
dialog: And there it is...
text: The Prometheus towers over him, staring down at Igor with a
text: face that conveys absolutely no emotion, a completely vacant,
text: blank slate.
text: There’s another crash! at the front gate. The monster
text: glances at the gate, then back at Igor.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: All right...easy...easy...
text: Another crash at the gates. The Prometheus’s face remains
text: entirely blank.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Just-
text: The Prometheus grunts, and then SWATS IGOR INTO THE AIR; he
text: bounces hard off some equipment, damaging it, and lands on
text: the ground bent double in pain; he tries to stand, but finds
dialog: he can’t...
text: .--The damn back-brace is broken, trapping him into his old,
text: hunchbacked position. He can barely move, much less stand.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE ERSKINE - CONTINUOUS
text: The villagers are about to drive the plow into the door again
text: when THE PROMETHEUS CRASHES THROUGH THE CASTLE GATES FROM THE
text: INSIDE! It FLIPS THE PLOW onto the villagers, and begins
text: TEARING its way through them, punching, swatting and smashing
text: its way across the bridge.
text: Turpin is knocked down, and stares in horror at the monster.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: A...A demon, a demon from Hell...
text: The Prometheus continues brawling through the townspeople,
text: but Turpin stands, staggering inside: bigger fish to fry.
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE ERSKINE - COURTYARD LABORATORY - CONTINUOUS
text: Turpin stumbles in, still looking over his shoulder, and then
text: turns to see the lab. The smoke is thick in the courtyard,
dialog: now; you can barely see in some areas.
text: Finnegan prowls through the smoke, gun drawn, twitchy.
text: Igor, on nearly the other side of the courtyard, struggles
text: with his back-brace, seeing Finnegan searching for him. He
text: crawls, desperate.
dialog: 107.
text: Turpin moves amongst the anarchy, in awe of all the burning,
text: sparking, exploding equipment. He sees Igor crawling, and
text: moves towards him like a bullet.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Inspector Turpin- please listen-
dialog: you don’t know, you don’t know
dialog: what’s happened here, you’re not-
text: Turpin isn’t hearing it; he grabs Igor, yanking him up; Igor
text: can barely move. Turpin’s got a look of insane exhilaration
text: on his face; this is it, the moment he’s waited for!
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: I’ve got you. I’ve finally got
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Please- you’re in danger-
text: Finnegan, up on a bank of equipment, sees movement through
text: the smoke, raises his gun and fires.
text: Turpin blinks, releasing Igor.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: I- I don’t-
text: He collapses forward, Igor catching him as they fall to the
text: ground. Igor rips open Turpin’s shirt, trying to put
text: pressure on the bloody gunshot wound in his chest.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: No- no no-
text: Turpin, in shock, coughing up blood, looks up at Igor,
text: watching as Igor tears off his own sleeve, trying to stop the
dialog: bleeding.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Why’re you- trying to save me?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I’m a doctor. It’s what I do.
text: Turpin, through the shock, is looking around at all the
dialog: technology; he didn’t understand, he knows that now. By god,
text: he thought he knew, but he had no idea.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: I-...I’ve made a terrible mistake.
text: As Igor works frantically, Turpin’s clouded eyes drift up to
text: the lightning storm raging in the clouds above him; bright
text: and celestial. It all hits him at once, sanity flooding back
dialog: in.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: TURPIN (CONT'D)
dialog: My daughter...What have I done, who
dialog: will take care of my daughter- I
dialog: left her with my sister, she can’t
dialog: support- she can’t- my daughter,
dialog: who will...
text: Igor, horrified, watches as the light fades from Turpin’s
text: eyes, and the body goes limp in his arms.
text: OUTSIDE...
text: The Prometheus’ rampage continues.
dialog: INSIDE...
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Who the bloody hell is that?
text: Finnegan is climbing down one of the fallen tesla coils, gun
text: in hand. Igor looks up, covered in Turpin’s blood and his
text: own, shaking.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Ha. Ahaha. Look at this mess,
dialog: look at this mess you’ve made.
text: Finnegan's upper-class demeanor is cracking as he approaches
text: Igor, reloading his gun. The fall from the platform tore his
text: clothes and mussed his hair; he looks dangerous, sharklike.
text: Igor gently sets down Turpin, trying to force himself to his
text: feet, find some way to defend himself, but the back-brace
dialog: makes it impossible.
text: OUTSIDE...
text: Outside, the monster begins to violently retreat down the
text: hill, the remaining mob giving chase.
dialog: INSIDE...
text: Finnegan finishes reloading his gun, and seems to think;
text: looking at all the destruction has “flustered” him.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Why is this good? Is this what you
dialog: wanted? To stand in the way of the
dialog: science? Who gave you the right?
dialog: 
text: Igor, trembling, stares at Finnegan; there’s a tremendous
text: hate in his eyes, and Finnegan, feeling it, steps back,
text: intimidated despite his position of total control.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You're a monster.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: No. No I’m not. I think you’1l
dialog: find I’m quite human.
dialog: 109.
text: Finnegan raises his gun. Igor just stares at him evenly,
text: unafraid. Finnegan steadies his aim.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Finnegan!
text: Finnegan looks up slowly, turning to see VICTOR FRANKENSTEIN,
text: hunched in pain, his hair wild, covered in ash and more than
text: a little burnt, but still very much alive. He holds two ends
text: of a huge severed electrical cord.
speaker_heading: FINNEGAN
dialog: Victor! You’re...alive,
dialog: fascinating-—
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: You wanted me to create death.
text: Finnegan laughs, and then realizes the cord Victor holds goes
text: down into the base of the massive collapsed tesla coil
text: directly to his left.
text: Finnegan tries to raise his gun- but Victor joins the severed
dialog: cord-
text: A BLAST OF ELECTRICITY BLOWS FINNEGAN ACROSS THE ROOM.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: There. I’ve created death.
text: Victor tosses down the cord in disgust. Igor struggles a
text: moment, falling. He lays there next to Turpin’s corpse,
text: listening to the sounds of battle fade outside, collecting
text: himself, and then pushes as hard as he can-
text: -and breaks free of the back-brace. He stares at it laying
text: twisted on the floor and shoves himself to his feet, wiping
text: the blood off his face: he is MESSED UP.
text: He looks around, and sees Victor futilely trying to put out
text: the fires on the equipment.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: You saved my life again.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Help me put out these damn fires-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: The fires? But Victor-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: With Finnegan dead we'll never get
dialog: this quality of equipment again!
dialog: Electron coils, particle
dialog: transducers—
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Victor-
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Help me, damn it, it’ll-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: NO VICTOR. You're going to come
dialog: with me, and you're going to help
dialog: me kill the Prometheus-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Kill it!? Why on earth-
text: It comes out of Igor with the force of a hurricane:
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Damn it, enough! Enough! I’ve
dialog: seen you do wondrous things Victor,
dialog: some terrible but wondrous things.
dialog: You’re the greatest mind of your
dialog: generation, but your blindness has
dialog: already cost too much!
dialog: (summons up courage)
dialog: I’ve seen the way your father
dialog: treats you! This will never be
dialog: good enough for him! Nothing you
dialog: ever do will be good enough for
dialog: him, you could resurrect all of
dialog: England and he would scoff and call
dialog: you a disappointment! You can’t
dialog: bring your brother back!
text: At this, Victor stops trying to put out the fires. He stares
text: into the flames; the lab continues to explode around them,
text: but he’s motionless.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: You were the one who gave me the
dialog: strength I needed to become the man
dialog: I wanted to be. Now trust me,
dialog: please. Stop pretending not to
dialog: care about anyone or anything, and
dialog: Victor, damn it, grow up and help
dialog: me stop this thing before it hurts
dialog: anyone else. BE A MAN AND TAKE
text: RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR CREATION!
text: Electricity crackles. The fires burn. In the distance we
text: can hear pandemonium; yelling and screaming, people afraid.
text: Victor turns to Igor, very quickly wiping away tears.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I don’t suppose you have...a very,
dialog: very large shovel?
text: Igor smiles.
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WINDMILL
text: Victor and Igor, bruised, battered and bloody, approach the
text: massive Dutch Windmill on the side of the hill; the villagers
text: are gathered around it.
text: At first it appears they have the Prometheus trapped in the
text: house portion, but then the Prometheus tromps out and takes a
text: few people down, before going back in.
scene_heading: APPROACHING THE
speaker_heading: CROWD
text: Victor and Igor try to get through the crowd, and can’t;
text: Victor draws and fires Finnegan’s gun.
text: The crowd parts like the red sea, and Igor and Victor move
text: through, with the gun still raised.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Please remain calm. We are
dialog: unlicensed medical professionals.
scene_heading: INT. THE WINDMILL - FARMHOUSE
text: Victor kicks in the door; Igor comes in through a massive
text: hole in the wall next to the door. They exchange a look.
text: The farmhouse is sparse, and the inside is completely
text: destroyed, broken furniture everywhere.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL (DUTCH)
dialog: Help me, please help me.
text: Victor and Igor turn to see an adorable blonde girl standing
text: nearby, petrified in fear.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: It's alright, we’re here to-
text: The MONSTER SMASHES OUT OF A ROOM TO THEIR RIGHT, FLOORING
text: IGOR. Victor opens fire wildly as the creature crosses the
text: room; he mostly misses, and the bullets that do hit have
dialog: almost no effect.
text: The creature grabs the girl in one of its massive hands,
text: roars at Victor and crashes through a wall into the inside of
text: the windmill.
scene_heading: INT. THE WINDMILL - CONTINUOUS
text: The interior of the windmill stretches out above them, the
text: inside lit by torches. There are a series of flimsy wooden
text: platforms built around the central windmill machinery,
text: connected by diagonal ladders, leading up to the top.
text: The monster stands at the bottom, above a big well full of
text: water, dunking the terrified little girl.
dialog: 112.
text: Victor hurriedly picks up one of the long, sharp steel posts
text: they use as bolts on the well, as Igor strafes around the
dialog: monster.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
scene_heading: HEY. WANKER.
text: The monster takes notice of Victor.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m your creator. I’m the one that
dialog: brought you back to life, do you
dialog: understand?
text: The monster stares at him, that blank face again...THEN ROARS
text: and flings one of the torches on the wall. Victor dodges,
text: and the torch hits a table full of unlit lanterns WHICH
text: EXPLODE INTO FLAME.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Bloody hell-
text: The Prometheus charges, still holding the girl, and Victor is
text: forced into a frantic, pulse pounding chase up the interior
text: of the windmill, complicated in four ways:
text: NUMBER 1: The monster’s weight is too much for the ladders
text: and the platforms, which crumple mere moments after it climbs
text: onto them.
text: NUMBER 2: The monster, still clutching the little girl, is
text: swinging WILDLY at Victor, repeatedly smashing the windmill’s
text: machinery, thusly destabilizing the entire structure.
text: NUMBER 3: The fire started at the base is rapidly spreading
text: up the old, papery structure, engulfing everything, and
text: starting to fill the interior with thick black smoke.
text: NUMBER 4: Igor is in hot pursuit, but he’s being forced to
text: run, jump and climb up the platforms AS THEY COLLAPSE.
text: Victor, reaching the uppermost platform, abruptly turns,
text: ducking around the central windmill milling-engine. This
text: outsmarts and surprises the Prometheus, and Victor DRIVES THE
text: STEEL ROD THROUGH ITS HEART.
text: The Prometheus falters, teetering over what’s now a straight
text: drop nearly sixty feet down. It looks down at the rod
text: sticking out of its chest, and DROPS THE LITTLE GIRL-
text: Victor dives and catches her hand, swinging her to Igor on
text: the collapsing platform below them. Igor catches the girl
text: and rolls, putting her out through the one window, onto the
text: passing fan of the windmill.
speaker_heading: WE SEE OUTSIDE
dialog: 113.
text: The girl is safely carried down to the ground, and then the
text: WINDMILL’S FAN CRACKS AND FALLS, BURNING, SCATTERING THE
speaker_heading: CROWD-
text: BACK ON THE TOP
text: LEVEL...
text: The monster seems ready to topple into the abyss, when
text: suddenly it YANKS THE STEEL ROD OUT OF ITS CHEST AND FLINGS
text: If AT VICTOR. It impales him through the shoulder and sends
text: him flying backwards, embedding in the wall, pinning Victor
text: there like a bug.
text: Igor screams; his best friend is mortally wounded. He pulls
text: himself up onto the last platform as the one beneath it
text: collapses. The Prometheus takes a few huge swings at him,
text: but Igor ducks and rolls, clown-style,
text: The final, top platform begins to fracture and come apart;
text: they’1l all be plunged into the fire-
text: Igor, thinking quickly, grabs a handful of burning embers
text: from the edge of the platform and flings them into the
text: monster’s face; blinded it turns, and Igor pushes up, off the
dialog: wall, kick himself forward and-
text: THROWS HIS WEIGHT ON THE MONSTER’S BACK, CAUSING IT TO FALL
text: FORWARD ONTO THE SHARP STEEL ROD, IMPALING IT THROUGH ITS
scene_heading: SECOND HEART.
text: The Prometheus gives one last tremendous scream of rage,
text: right into Victor’s face...and dies. Its slumping dead
text: weight further buckles the platform.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn’t mean it-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: Those things I said back in
dialog: England, you have to know I didn’t
dialog: mean any of it. I was just upset,
dialog: I respect you- more than any other
dialog: person, you must know- Igor I’m so
dialog: sorry-
text: Igor goes and tries to wrench the pole out of the wall. It’s
text: no good; it’s in there deep. Victor screams in pain.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: You have to get out of here, you
dialog: have to go-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I’m not going to leave you here-
dialog: 114.
text: Igor begins pushing on the monster; it sloooowly slides up
text: the shiskabob, far too slowly with the windmill collapsing at
text: this rate. Victor grabs Igor with his good arm.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Igor this is what I’ve earned. I
dialog: did this to myself.
text: Igor stares at him: maybe he’s right? The windmill continues
dialog: to collapse.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: The well, Igor. If you jump you
dialog: can make it, I know you can-
text: Igor looks down at the well, far below them. Maybe he could.
text: He readies himself, measuring the distance.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (gasping his words through
dialog: agony )
dialog: Listen, Igor, listen to me. I
dialog: didn’t kill Straussman. I found
dialog: him in the living room, I thought
dialog: he was asleep but then I saw the
dialog: needle...and then the pragmatist in
dialog: me just took over, as he always
dialog: does, and he wasn’t a man anymore
dialog: just pieces, just new equipment. I
dialog: swear to you though I didn’t ki-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I believe you.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Good, now I can- I can stay here-
dialog: Igor, you must go, it’s-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Oh, you’ve sealed my fate. There’s
dialog: no way I’m going to leave you now.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What? Why!?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Because you didn’t kill Igor
dialog: Straussman.
text: Igor throws all his weight into one more push, and,
text: miraculously, the Prometheus drops, falling through the
text: center level of the windmill, plummeting down into the fires.
text: Igor glances down again at the well, now also surrounded by
text: fire and jagged rubble.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Give me your hand.
text: Victor nods, and takes Igor’s hand; Igor begins to
text: agonizingly pull him up the steel rod-
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WINDMILL - CONTINUOUS
text: The top level of the windmill drops in, collapsing, and then,
text: with a series of ember filled explosions, the rest of the
text: windmill collapsing down with it in a huge heap of wreckage.
text: The villagers step back, in shock.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT:
text: The rubble of the windmill burns.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: HOLD ON BLACK.
text: Zzt. Zzzt. Electrical crackling. Little spots of light
text: filling the screen and then ZAP
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
text: Turpin sits up, gasping in air, the Lazarus fork on his neck
text: sparking wildly!
scene_heading: EXT. BELGIAN COTTAGE - SUNRISE
text: The sun is rising over a mountain range. The little cottage
text: has clearly been abandoned for some time; Castle Erskine is
text: in the distance, still leaking smoke up into the brightening
text: sky. From here we have a beautiful view of a rustic lake.
text: Turpin, his chest bandaged, sits staring out over the water,
text: at the sunset; he’s clearly deep in thought. Igor slowly
text: approaches him.
text: Turpin speaks without looking at him.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: My entire life I have strived in
dialog: the pursuit of my beliefs. Beliefs
dialog: in God, in the law...in a world
dialog: with rules, rules to preserve what
text: matters in a world filled with
dialog: anarchy, greed, and evil. I
dialog: suppose I needed them, the rules.
dialog: Needed them so much I let them
dialog: control my choices, my decisions,
dialog: I...
text: Turpin glances at Igor.
speaker_heading: TURPIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know you, hunchback. Don’t
dialog: know Victor. Maybe I thought I
dialog: did...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In those last moments, I wasn’t
dialog: thinking about the law, or right
dialog: and wrong, or even...even God.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: TURPIN (CONT’D)
dialog: All I wanted, all that mattered, is
dialog: that I would see my daughter again.
dialog: And you've given me that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don’t imagine that I have much
text: credence left at the yard,
dialog: but...Should you return to England,
dialog: I can see to it you won’t be
dialog: troubled any further.
text: Igor gives it a beat, and then smiles. The two of them sit
text: staring out at the water.
scene_heading: EXT. BELGIAN COTTAGE - ROUND BACK
text: Victor, heavily bandaged and clearly a bit weary from his
text: wounds and considerably rough night, is readying two horses,
text: packing his remaining equipment into the saddlebags. Igor
text: stands nearby.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Well, brilliant, good for him, but
dialog: we're certainly not going back to
dialog: England.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: ...we’re not?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: No, I’m through with Great Britain;
dialog: nothing left for me there. I think
dialog: perhaps you're quite right about my
dialog: father, for now, and I’ve been
text: expelled from school, hunted by the
text: law, and betrayed by a power-hungry
text: nobleman, thoroughly electrocuted
text: and finally impaled by a monster of
dialog: my own idiotic creation and nearly
dialog: burnt to death in a Belgian
text: windmill.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I think it’s time I started fresh,
dialog: yes?
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: But Victor-
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: America! Now there’s a place that
dialog: isn’t afraid of progress; I'm
dialog: confident we’ll be able to flourish
dialog: and thrive out in the colonies.
dialog: You and I, back to working together
dialog: with no interlopers, I now having a
dialog: much better understanding of the
dialog: technology as well as the proper
dialog: way to treat my fellow man-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Victor, I...
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes?
text: Igor fidgets, nervous, unsure how to say what’s in his heart.
text: Victor waits, looking oblivious.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: I can’t go with you.
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: I would, I- I can’t. Lorelei is
dialog: waiting for me back in London. I
dialog: love her, Victor, and there are-
dialog: opportunities for me- I can have a
dialog: life of my own, Victor. A real
dialog: life.
text: Victor stares at him. Igor drops his eyes, terrified; he
dialog: knows what's coming.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Well...then. I suppose that’s
dialog: perfectly reasonable.
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: ...what?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (haltingly)
dialog: You have made incredible sacrifices
dialog: in the purpose of our cause, shown
dialog: shocking amounts of tenacity,
dialog: bravery and loyalty to me as a
dialog: friend and collaborator, it would
dialog: be wrong of me to ask you to give
dialog: up the opportunity to be with the
dialog: woman you love and-
speaker_heading: IGOR
dialog: Victor!
text: Igor rushes to and embraces Victor, who grunts in pain and
text: generally looks uncomfortable. Igor holds on anyway, crying,
text: overcome with joy.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: You are a good man, Victor
dialog: Frankenstein. I knew you were a
dialog: good man.
text: At this, Victor allows himself a small, warm smile, unseen by
dialog: Igor.
text: LATER...
text: Turpin is readying a horse, whilst Victor is astride one,
text: trotting away down the road from Igor.
speaker_heading: IGOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Goodbye Victor!
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Goodbye to you too, my dearest
dialog: friend.
text: Igor looks sad, watching Victor get further away, and then
text: Victor turns, touching his painful injured soldier, yelling
text: back to Igor.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: You know it isn’t over, Igor. When
dialog: the time comes, you’1ll come back;
dialog: you’re not fated to be some country
dialog: doctor, you are a genius, and you
dialog: will help to change the world.
dialog: It’s your destiny.
text: Igor is about to reply, but then realizes he can’t formulate
text: a response. Victor smiles.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Ha! Yah!
text: Victor kicks his horse, and it speeds up, off down the hill.
text: Igor watches him go.
dialog: WE MOVE INTO A
speaker_heading: MONTAGE AS TIME
dialog: PASSES...
text: Igor is emotionally reunited with Lorelei.
text: Turpin is reunited with his daughter Rebecca, who tearfully
text: embraces him. We also see Turpin making his apologies at
text: Scotland Yard; Alistair seems happy to have him back. In his
text: office, he quietly tears up one of the “WANTED: HUNCHBACK”
dialog: posters.
text: We watch Igor’s life: We see him giving check-ups, his
text: doctor job has come through. He watches as Lorelei teaches a
text: ballet class to a group of young women.
text: Igor and Lorelei, out at the circus, watching the high flier
text: and aerialists, having fun. Igor watches the clowns cleaning
dialog: up the center ring...
scene_heading: INT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - KITCHEN
text: Igor is cooking with the chefs, having a good time. He looks
text: great, happy, healthy. The butler enters.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Delivery for you, Master Igor.
text: Igor looks up, confused, washing his hands.
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: EXT. BARON BOMINE’S RESIDENCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Igor comes out, signing for a parcel being delivered to him.
text: As the messenger boy leaves, Igor inspects the parcel. It’s
text: small, addressed simply to “IGOR.”
text: There’s a beat, and Igor tears open the brown paper. He
text: stops dead.
text: It’s a mint condition, first edition copy of THOMPSON'S
scene_heading: ANATOMY.
text: Igor opens it, gently, lovingly. In the front cover, the
text: name DR. CLAUS FRANKENSTEIN has been written...and crossed
text: out. A note in familiar handwriting beneath this reads:
dialog: “I- Monument Valley, Utah. I have done something incredible.
dialog: -F.”
text: Lorelei, at the front door, stands looking out at him; he’s
text: staring down at the book. She knows something’s up.
speaker_heading: ALORELEI
dialog: Igor...what is it?
text: Igor snaps the book shut, turning to face her. He smiles;
text: “wellllll..... "Lorelei sighs, and then laughs, shaking her
dialog: head...
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: MONUMENT VALLEY - UTAH - RACING THROUGH THE DESERT
text: The insanely surreal and beautiful buttes of Monument Valley
text: tower over the prairie.
text: Atop one of the buttes, a storm is raging; clouds swirling
text: unnaturally, crackling with purple lightning.
scene_heading: LIGHTNING CRASH
text: TO CREDITS.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
