dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE AVENGERS
dialog: Screenplay by Don Macpherson
dialog: June 21, 1995
scene_heading: 1BLUE SKY WITH CLOUDS
speaker_heading: PAN DOWN to reveal:
scene_heading: 2EXT - SALTFLATS - DAY
text: A flat horizon, stretching to infinity.
text: A 360 degree pan reveals: nothing. Deserted, no hiding places. No
text: animals, no humans, no objects. Except in mid distance --
speaker_heading: 3RED PHONE BOX
text: brightly painted, traditional, comforting, belongs in a village green.
dialog: Perfectly
dialog: ordinary -- except for its location.
text: Silence. Only the wind over the plain. Except --
text: The PHONE RINGS.
text: RING-RING ... a mellow, old-fashioned tone. We wait for someone to
dialog: answer it. But of course nothing and nobody for miles. Except --
speaker_heading: 4IN DISTANCE
text: a CAR ENGINE ... A puff of smoke on the horizon ... VA-VA-VOOM of high
text: geared acceleration, as INTO VIEW
dialog: ZOOM! --
speaker_heading: 5CAR
text: speeding like a bullet. Driven at maximum, breakneck speed, 125 mph.
text: A petite open-top '65 Lotus Elan, all streamlined curves, full
text: throttle, it nears the phone box, and --
text: SCREECHES to a halt.
text: Dust clears, ENGINE NOISE FADES. From the seat, hops --
speaker_heading: 6KINKY BOOT
text: in black leather.
text: Buckled. Strap at ankle. Crunching into the ground.
speaker_heading: PAN UP TO:
speaker_heading: 7BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
text: late 20's. In CLOSEUPS of -- Tight black leather catsuit. A flash of
text: auburn hair. Black leather like a second skin. Smoothed over legs,
text: thighs. Buckled at wrists, straps at ankles, zips --
text: Pulled up over flesh. This is EMMA PEEL, scientist. Sexual,
text: invulnerable, cool. Very cool. She locks up at clouds in the sky.
text: Then steps across to the phone box. Picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How now brown cow ...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: The rain in Spain falls mainly
dialog: on the plain ...
dialog: (pause)
text: The quick brown fox jumped over
dialog: the lazy --
text: From the receiver, an irritated official voice.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Password affirmative. Thank you,
dialog: Doctor.
text: Emma puts down receiver. Hangs a cardboard outside the phone box.
text: Then presses button bakelite box.
text: A second's wait. A coin from the slot. Then a HUM as --
speaker_heading: 8INSIDE PHONE BOX
text: the floor lowers automatically. Emma disappears. Hanging outside the
text: box, a notice now reads "Out of Order."
text: Next to the call box we notice a sign: an arrow pointing into the
dialog: desert: "London 84 miles."
scene_heading: 9INT. LABORATORY
text: underground. Emma descends on the lift platform; steps into a research
text: lab in retro hi-tech. Walks past assistants, down long pink and orange
text: steel corridors, Werner von Braun goes disco. Nears a door, marked:
dialog: "Prospero Project -- Authorized Personnel Only." Logo with lightning
text: emerging from a cloud.
scene_heading: 10FROM AIRLOCK DOOR
text: A man enters, older. In matching leather suit: like an astronaut.
text: Early 40's, handsome, charismatic, with swept-back silver-black hair.
text: His name tag: DR. PETER PEEL.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Ready, darling?
text: Peter fixes her name tag: DR. EMMA PEEL; runs a finger down over her
text: breast. She smiles.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Ready as I'll ever be ...
text: Mutual erotic, intellectual attraction. Peter takes her hand and they
dialog: walk down:
speaker_heading: 11LONG CORRIDOR
text: air-lock doors: a series of sealed chambers inside a hitech Labyrinth -
dialog: -
text: A man joins them. A shyer, bespectacled, less handsome version of
text: Peter. On his name tag: DR. VALENTINE PEEL -- brother and partner.
text: In b.g., a countdown starts, ECHOING thru the lab
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
text: Atmospheric pressure checked, antenna ready...
dialog: Thermal chamber ready ... Compression module
dialog: set ... Temperature control on course between
text: one and one forty ... Water turbulence steady ...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Anything else?
text: Valentine smiles, shrugs --
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Good luck ... Peter ... Emma.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thanks, Valentine ...
text: Emma gives him a quick peck on the cheek.
text: A shy look from Valentine at Emma. Peter senses
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Just a minute, darling. My brother's a
dialog: worry wart. I better have a word ...
dialog: Valentine --
text: Peter takes Valentine over to one side. Emma checks gauges and dials.
text: Behind her a conversation. Peter returns.
text: He takes a ring from his finger --
scene_heading: 12CLOSEUP - DIAMOND GEM
text: on a gold ring.
text: 13BACK TO SCENE
text: He slips it onto her finger.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Something to remember me by.
text: Peter smiles. The remark strikes Emma as curious. But no time to
text: query. She smiles back. He gives her a kiss --
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: See you in an hour ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: One sunny day ...
text: The countdown ECHOES around them as they separate.
speaker_heading: 14IN DISTANCE
text: Valentine watches her.
scene_heading: 15INT. LAB CHAMBER
text: Inside a bed of ice, Emma is lowered by hydraulic machine into a steel
text: radioactive thermal chamber, glowing eerily blue
text: The effect is very cold. Frozen. Numb. Like a sci-fi Sleeping
text: Beauty, beauty entombed and sealed in a glass coffin. Plunged down
text: into a vault. Opposite her --
text: In another glass coffin, Peter Peel, is lowered down.
speaker_heading: 16FROM EMMA'S POV
text: The sound of their HEARTBEATS. Their BREATHING. BLEEP and PULSE OF
text: ELECTRONICS. Thru glass and leather. Like cerebral sex.
text: Technological, erotic. Peter winks at her -- Emma locks longingly at
dialog: him, as --
scene_heading: 17UP IN CONTROL ROOM
text: Valentine watches behind glass. Like a kid excluded from a bedroom.
text: He attends to dials. And to his female assistant --
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (thrilled)
dialog: Readings still normal ...
text: The assistant smiles oddly. FOCUS ON --
text: An insignia tattooed on her neck: "X404." A replicant.
text: They monitor screens. A DULL HUM.
scene_heading: 18EXT. SALTFLATS - DAY
text: A weather antenna emerges from the ground: an enigmatic phallic silver
text: blob, like a Koons sculpture. The sun glints off it ...
speaker_heading: 19DOWN BELOW
text: A temperature gauge rises.
text: The ice is infused with pulsating colors: purple -- blue -- green --
text: red. Starts to heat up as if --
text: It soaks up temperature: from cold to hot in instants.
scene_heading: 20CLOSEUP - WHITE GLOVED HAND ON DIAL
text: "CUMULUS COLLECTOR." The graphs accelerate, but over the dull HUM -- a
text: MURMUR, a BREATH. As Emma's HEARTBEAT rises
text: The gloved hand turns up the dial, past a red danger mark.
text: Suddenly a BLIP. Something wrong.
text: 21DOWN IN HIS VAULT
text: Peter Peel's "coffin" starts to overheat. Peter reacts --
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (intercom cutting out)
dialog: Losing control -- malfunction
dialog: in thermal chamber -- for Christ's
dialog: -- Emm --!
scene_heading: 22IN CONTROL ROOM
text: Needles push off the dials, as --
text: The ice swells: strange mix of colors, absorbing heat and energy in
text: clusters of molten metal ... steam and sparks ignite ... Valentine's
text: eyes widen in alarm ...
speaker_heading: COUNTDOWN (V.O.)
dialog: Five -- four -- three -- two --
dialog: one ... Three -- two -- one ...
dialog: (repeating)
dialog: Three -- two -- one ...
speaker_heading: 23INSIDE COFFIN
text: Peter's glass cracks
text: The emergency light goes on -- the ALARM sounds -- lab assistants
dialog: running ...
scene_heading: 24IN HER COFFIN
text: Emma realizes; looks to Peter --
scene_heading: 25EXT. SALTFLATS - DAY
text: The "Koons" antenna is drawing a strange purple cloud towards it, from
text: otherwise blue sky ... siphoning the purple atmosphere down itself into
scene_heading: 26INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Thru the air ducts the purple cloud starts to billow ... Panic
text: stations! Valentine looks aghast at the graphs: all systems fucked,
dialog: over the intercom --
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Emma, Peter, get out! It's going to explode!
text: FROM Valentine's anguished face TO Emma's face, as
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Emma ...
speaker_heading: 27FROM HER VAULT
text: Emma undoes the straps, clambers out of her pod
scene_heading: 28ANGLE (IN DREAMLIKE SLOW MOTION)
text: Emma clambers onto her husband's pod -- in a sequence eternally
dialog: replayed for her as a nightmare --
text: 29BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Get out! Leave him -- ! Emma!
scene_heading: 30RAPID INTERCUTS
text: The purple smoke enveloping Peter'spod, soft caresses -- Peter
text: struggling within, looking at Emma --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Peter!
text: Her leatherclad limbs straddled over his glass coffin. Her HEARTBEAT
text: sounds ... She grabs, claws on glass --
text: Her fist draws back, blam! blam! blam! three deadly blows, Emma SMASHES
dialog: the pod cover, it --
text: Cracks -- splinters -- not breaking -- obscuring his face inside like a
text: spider's web, as behind her
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Don't wait for him -- he's not --
text: Breathless, blood smeared on glass, Emma's gashed fist bleeds thru torn
text: leather glove -- twisted mass of flesh and glass -- GROWLING sound
dialog: growing as:
speaker_heading: 31ABOVE GROUND
text: The voluminous purple cloud being sucked by the antenna...!
scene_heading: 32CLOSEUP ON EMMA'S DIAMOND RING
text: gleaming thru a tear of blood as she pounds the glass --
text: 33BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (faint)
dialog: Emma ... Emma ...
text: As a GROWLING sound grows till
text: BOOM! An EXPLOSION rocks the vault -- flames burst out -- sound and
text: vision separate -- Emma hears explosion as a slow moving tear thru her
text: psyche. A trauma.
scene_heading: 34ANGLE (IN EXTREME SLOW MOTION)
text: The blast flings Emma back thru space, flying unconscious as if in a
dialog: dream, floating backwards in --
text: A milky way op-art swirl of glass and steel fragments, now -- out of
dialog: control, weightless, powerless, as --
text: The background of sealed doors, white corridors all vanish. A spinning,
text: black void opens up behind her, as her eyes shut, head falls back --
text: An orgasmic, dream of near-death, as a CRASH OF MUSIC BEGINS a hip new
text: version of the "AVENGERS" THEME TUNE --
scene_heading: CREDITS SEQUENCE.
speaker_heading: 35SERIES OF SHOTS
text: In stark silhouette The swishing of a bowler hat spinning thru space
text: An umbrella tossed in the air, flicked like a deadly weapon --
text: A rich velvety feel, key colors black/white/red. Dandyish and erotic
text: followed by blasts of violence, dreamy op-art puzzles and psychedelic
dialog: patterns over --
text: A sensuous BLACK, background -- slowly revealed to be a woman's
dialog: leather-clad
dialog: body --
text: In silhouette -- A bowler hatted man, Steed, a catsuited woman Emma.
text: Flashes of: hair -- eye -- a red rose -- in bloom -- petals folding
text: and unfolding, then tightly shut.
text: A thorned stem, sharp to the touch --
text: FROM black and white INTO color -- leather Background metamorphosing
text: into black and white of a chessboard as ...
text: A medieval knight moves around its queen in a formal dance --
text: A fetishistic attention to detail: leather catsuit, swish of legs,
text: boots ... hair tossed back -- red nails over black ... creamy white
dialog: skin ... zips ...
text: A silhouetted man in bowler hat in Savile Row suit -- old Etonian
text: knotted tie -- umbrella stabs like a sword --
text: Umbrella with knotted stems of a rose furling round -- then a tear,
dialog: gash -- rose cut and tossed into --
text: His lapel. Until, at the end: together in silhouette.
text: Bowler hat thrown, skimming, swishing thru air, until --
text: Now only a single HEARTBEAT ... BA-BOOM ... BA-BOOM ...
dialog: Then --
scene_heading: PISTOL SHOTS OVER as:
scene_heading: 36INT. EMMA'S BEDROOM - PRE-DAWN
text: A gasp as Emma wakes abruptly from her nightmare, years later, startled
text: by the shots, naked beneath satin sheets. Her HEARTBEAT FADES as she
text: looks around her Klaus
text: Oldenberg room, vinyl comforter, satin sheets. A toss of her hair.
text: Looks more mature. Sexual, haunted. Mrs. Emma Peel -- widow.
text: Same every night. Next to the clock, a framed photo of her dead
text: husband, Peter Peel. From outside ANOTHER SHOT ...
text: Emma flings on a satin robe, goes to the window and sees --
speaker_heading: 37HER POV
text: a CAR zooooming past, its bowler-hatted driver racing thru early
text: morning streets. The damn thing BACKFIRES again ...
text: 38BACK TO SCENE
text: Emma frowns, annoyed.
scene_heading: 39EXT. STREETS - DAWN
text: Zoom! The sleek, sporty black Jaguar SS100 burns down deserted
text: streets. Inside is a bowler-hatted man --
text: JOHN STEED, late 30's. Handsome English gent, roguish looks, dandy's
text: clothes. A Beau Brummel figure in a Savile Row suit, velvet collar,
text: embroidered waistcoat.
text: A debonair Etonian, Steed oozes charm, wit and - when he chooses to --
text: hard-edged, steely menace. He drives through --
speaker_heading: 40LONDON (1999)
text: This is 'Avengersland': a parallel world painted by Rene Magritte,
text: forever England. Bright pinks, greens and reds, an imperial city in
text: final decadent bloom. White stucco buildings. Regency style in candy
text: colors. A surreally 90's city like a hipper, edgier version of the
dialog: 60's preserved in aspic, where --
text: Over the RADIO, a plummy voice:
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: ... The War Office today approved military
dialog: expenditure for the nation's new defense alert
dialog: system. A spokesman said he would raise the
dialog: matter at the forthcoming World Council of
dialog: Ministers, but that a state of vigilance was
dialog: still necessary in the uncertain climate.
text: As Steed turns into a mews, we realize that in this kinky, pop world,
dialog: ordinary life does not intrude. No traffic. No extras. Nothing to
text: spoil the view.
text: As the radio continues with a weather forecast, Steed --
scene_heading: 41EXT. STEED'S GARAGE - DAWN
text: Steed's car enters his garage -- Door closes as --
scene_heading: 42INT. STEED'S FLAT - DAWN
text: but the curtains are still drawn so the place is dark.
text: A large bachelor's den. Dark wood, leather armchairs ...
text: Steed enters his library from a concealed door --
text: Titles on wine and birdwatching. He clicks the door, goes to his
text: drinks cabinet. Pours a brandy. Hears a noise ...
text: Instantly on guard. In his glass, sees a shadowy reflection move.
text: Steed peers 'round a corner. Sees a silhouetted figure stand over his
dialog: desk -- a burglar?
text: Steed sneaks up behind -- raises his umbrella, and --
text: Crack! Brings the umbrella down -- on the suspect's head. Who manages
text: to dodge, swivel 'round, and --
text: Bam! Delivers an expert blow to Steed's stomach. A rapid exchange of
text: blows. Steed recoils, about to jab the umbrella, when --
text: His assailant about to deliver a kick to his crotch -- Steed covers the
text: area -- bam! a spiked heel hits his bowler -- as the curtains are drawn
text: back, light floods in -- they freeze.
text: Steed knows his opponent: a lethal blonde in red leather.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Brenda -- ?
speaker_heading: 43FROM ABOVE HIM
dialog: a voice --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (O.S.)
dialog: Steed -- ?!
text: 44BACK TO SCENE
text: Steed swivels 'round to face -- upside down -- a man hanging like a bat
text: from the ceiling inches before him --
text: Pommaded hair, fat, dandyish: MOTHER, head of secret services; hands
text: of extendable metal hooks. And BRENDA, his beautiful leather-clad
dialog: bodyguard. Who smiles
text: seductively.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Mother. I thought you were burglars.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Brenda and I thought we'd drop in.
text: Mother suits action to the word, drops into his wheelchair.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: See how you're getting on ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Something in the wind?
text: Mother wheels himself from the study. Taps a barometer. It whirls
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Weather's turning nasty.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: You didn't come to talk about the
dialog: weather, surely.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh yes I did. I want you to meet
dialog: somebody.
dialog: (off Steed's look)
dialog: I expect you'll like her.
text: Brenda coolly files her nails. A flash of jealousy.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: 'Her'?
scene_heading: 45INT. EMMA'S FLAT (PRIMROSE HILL) - DAY
text: A groovy penthouse (a Lichtenstein come to life?). Bach PIANO MUSIC
text: floats in the air.
text: Hands gliding over keys, Emma Peel plays with virtuoso skill. On the
text: piano, a framed picture of her late husband. And a photo of Emma
dialog: between Peter and Valentine.
text: A KNOCK. Emma gets up, goes to the door. The MUSIC KEEPS PLAYING,
text: keys jumping up and down automatically, as --
speaker_heading: 46AT DOOR
text: Emma flicks open a large automated eye. Peers thru. Opens
speaker_heading: 47IN CORRIDOR
text: A MESSENGER (distinctive outfit) hands over a package tied in a bow.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Dr. Peel?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thank you ...
text: Emma shuts the door. Unties the bow, opens up Finds an embossed card:
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (reads)
dialog: 'Please answer the Telephone.'
text: Emma looks: The phone sits there.
text: Just then ... RING-RING. Emma goes over, picks up the phone. A
text: recorded message, an upper-class woman's voice:
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
text: Boodles Club, the Mall, 2:30 p.m.
dialog: Mr. John Steed ... Boodles Club,
text: the Mall, 2:30 p.m. Mr. John
dialog: Steed ...
text: BEEP. The phone goes dead. Emma opens up the case. Unveils a brace
text: of kippers. Puzzled, she holds up a fish.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Kippers ...?
scene_heading: 48EXT. BOODLE-S CLUB (PALL MALL) - DAY
text: Near the Mall, outside white stucco buildings, a Lotus Elan pulls up
text: and parks as a car conveniently leaves, cutting off another angry CAR.
text: HONK! A dash clock says 2:15. Out gets --
text: -- Emma Peel, different attire. She climbs steps. On a brass plaque,
text: "Boodles Gentlemen's Club." She goes in, passing --
text: -- an astonished uniformed commissionaire.
scene_heading: 49INT. BOODLES' LOBBY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: A PORTER approaches her, equally surprised.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: May I help you, madam ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Mr. John Steed, please.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I'm afraid that's impossible.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Impossible?
text: The Porter points to a notice: "No non-members. No animals. No
dialog: women."
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: You are female?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: As you see.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Then you can't come in.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I have an appointment.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: No women. Not in Boodles. Not
dialog: since 1922.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Really -- what happened in 1922?
text: Bored, Emma breezes past, already inside the hall. Old mahogany,
text: portraits of dead politicians, leather chairs. A male enclave.
text: The Porter rushes up to restrain her.
text: Hardly missing a step, Emma lays a gentle hand on his shoulder -- finds
text: the nerve ends. The Porter winces and --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thank you so much. I can find Mr.
dialog: Steed myself ...
text: -- collapses on the ground in agony. Emma ignores him. Pushes thru
text: double doors, upstairs, statues of naked bronze warriors frown down on
dialog: her, into
scene_heading: 50INT. BOODLES - TURKISH BATHS - DAY
text: Thru a cloud of steam in an oriental room
text: Steed sits naked save for a towel. He hears a disturbance, thru the
dialog: mist, sees --
text: Emma before him. Automatically, Steed dons his bowler and tips it in
dialog: her direction.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Doctor Peel, I presume?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: And you must be Steed. Please
dialog: don't get up.
text: He doesn't. HISSING STEAM between them as they study.
speaker_heading: STEED
text: I was about to throw in the towel.
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: I had a spot of bother at the door.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I shouldn't wonder. Not a woman
dialog: inside Boodles since --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: 1922. Why the kippers?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Red herring would have been too
dialog: obvious, don't you think?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: So what was all this -- some sort
dialog: of test?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Congratulations, you've penetrated a
dialog: bastion of male privilege. I guessed
dialog: you weren't a stickler for Tradition,
dialog: doctor.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Whereas you are.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Dyed in the wool. But I can admire
dialog: someone who doesn't play by the
dialog: rules.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Rules are made to be broken.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Not by me. Play by the rules,
dialog: Doctor, or the game is nothing.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: And just what is the game?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I say, this is all terribly formal.
dialog: Must I go an calling you Dr. Peel?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (re: the steamroom)
dialog: Under the circumstances, you may
dialog: call me Mrs. Peel.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Much better.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: And now that we've settled the matter
dialog: of honorifics, will you kindly explain
dialog: why you wished me to meet you?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I didn't. Mother did.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Mother?
text: Steed steps closer, smiling.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I expect you'll like him.
dialog: Off Emma's reaction --
scene_heading: 51EXT. THAMES RIVER (NEAR WHITEHALL) - DAY
text: CAR ROAR OVER. Down the embankment Parliament and Big Ben in b.g., the
text: sleek Jaguar zooms at 60mph. Steed dodges traffic --
text: Wearing racing goggles, windscreen down --
text: Executes a nifty maneuver, swerves on a zebra crossing, scatters
text: pedestrians, HONKING his HORN. Beside him, Emma is cool as a cucumber.
text: Steed turns charmingly.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Tea time -- four o'clock. Mustn't
dialog: be late.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A word of warning. Don't take the
dialog: macaroon. Mother's favorite.
text: Steed swerves down a narrow alleyway, into a secret car park entrance
text: by the riverbank. He pulls up before a sign:
scene_heading: RIVER THAMES WATER AUTHORITY
dialog: No Admittance
text: At a control barrier Steed inserts a card. Emma sees a light flash up:
text: "Security -- Top Priority Clearance Only." The barrier lifts. She
text: looks again at Steed, reappraising him as Big Ben approaches four. The
text: car disappears in darkness ...
scene_heading: 52LARGE WINDOW CURTAIN
text: opens, revealing water! We are beneath the Thames -- garbage and fish
text: float past a window of reinforced glass. An original Campbell's tomato
dialog: soup can floats down as we
dialog: WIDEN to reveal ...
scene_heading: 53INT. SECRET SERVICE HQ - UNDERWATER - DAY
text: Mother in his wheelchair, pulling the curtain cord.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That's better. I much prefer a
dialog: womb with view, don't you, Mrs.
dialog: Peel?
text: A delicate CLOCK on the mantel CHIMES FOUR.
text: Mother wheels himself forward and hooks onto the kettle.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Shall I be mother?
text: He pours, presiding like a fat spider at the center of a subterranean
text: web, known as The Ministry: a vast bureaucracy in a labyrinth of
dialog: tunnels.
text: Catches Emma's wandering lock
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I expect you're wondering where
dialog: you are.
text: An atmosphere of a gentleman's club reigns in the subterranean bureau -
dialog: - Emma takes her tea ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Don't tell me: You're the shadow secret
dialog: service. You're so hushhush, even the
dialog: legit secret service knows nothing about
dialog: it. Am I right?
text: Bodyguard Brenda, a glam leather Moneypenny, wheels a trolley brimming
text: with fancies over to Emma and Steed.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Close. We're so hush-hush, even
dialog: we know nothing about it.
dialog: (before Emma can
dialog: make sense of this)
dialog: Now let's see, there's coconut cake,
dialog: date and walnut; I recommend the
dialog: rum baba ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Hmmm ...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Looks like rain, Steed...
speaker_heading: STEED
text: ... Showers followed by sunny periods.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (looks up from
dialog: trolley)
dialog: We're not here to talk about the
dialog: weather, surely.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh, yes we are.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: (to Emma, cunning)
dialog: Macaroon?
text: Emma hesitates; takes a cake. About to take a bite, when --
text: Mother switches off lights. A screen drops, covering the water window
text: as the mood changes from coziness to terror -- an ancient PROJECTOR
text: RATTLES on ...
speaker_heading: 54IN DARKNESS
text: Emma watches on the wall, an official Ministry film of macabre death
dialog: tableaux in the English countryside:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We've had a series of bizarre weather reports.
dialog: We kept them hush-hush and sent agents into
dialog: the field for data. Case number one:
text: April 14, 3:35 P.M., Special Agent Simkins
text: investigating mysterious fires in corn circles.
text: A field outside the village of Little Snoring,
text: one of the hottest days of the year. Trapped
text: by a sudden blizzard. Found frozen to death
text: in a giant ice cube -- like a mammoth in
dialog: perma-frost.
dialog: (the picture changes)
text: Case two: Pilot Raymond Shaw, May 6, 11:28 A.M.
text: Took off from a deserted airstrip near Stoke Poges,
text: investigating bizarre atmospheric reports. A freak
text: rainstorm downed him. Knocked unconscious by a
text: flying fish, falling from 15,000 feet. Twenty-five
text: inches of rain in eight minutes, over an area the
dialog: size
dialog: of a cricket pitch ...
dialog: (the picture changes)
dialog: ... Case three: June 2, 5:43 P.M. Defense Chief
text: Major Courtnay. Remains discovered in a turnip
dialog: field near Ashby de la Zouche. Our boffins
text: recorded a sudden blast of heat. Scorched earth,
dialog: temperature of 1000 degrees. Spontaneous
dialog: combustion. Not much of him left ...
text: CLICK. The lights go back on. Emma notices - a new arrival:
text: a tall, striking OLDER WOMAN; dark glasses.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: My number two. Special assignments.
dialog: She's --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Let me guess -- 'Father'?
speaker_heading: FATHER (OLDER WOMAN)
dialog: All happy families here, Mrs. Peel.
text: Father's dark glasses turn to Emma like a hawk. Runs her fingers over
text: Emma's face. Gets the outline. Emma realizes --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You're --
text: Blind ... Father smiles.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: God, you're quick.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Have a look at these, Mrs. Peel --
text: He passes 'round a box of evidence related to the screen events: Steed
text: investigates a pair of black shoes and bowler; Emma, a fish. The shoes
dialog: have agent Simkins' name
dialog: in them ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Ah ... From Trubshaw's. My
dialog: shoemaker.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (unimpressed)
dialog: A kipper. Or a red herring? What were
dialog: they investigating?
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: A series of bizarre shifts in local weather
dialog: patterns ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Global warming?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Jungle plants in the Arctic? A lush
dialog: English village transformed overnight
dialog: into African scrubland? Blizzards in summer?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How curious ...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Something strange is happening. And
dialog: whoever knows about it doesn't want
dialog: us to find out.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (to Steed)
dialog: Your mission is simple. Find out
dialog: how and why these agents died.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'm no spy -- where do I fit in?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Your research into climate engineering was
dialog: state-of-the-art. Your experiments could
dialog: have revolutionized our knowledge of global
dialog: warming -- had they succeeded. We need
dialog: your expertise.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Perhaps I'd better start calling you doctor
dialog: again, Mrs. Peel --
text: Emma hesitates, unsure for the first time ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'm not sure I'm ready to return to work.
dialog: I've been out of action for some time. I'll
dialog: consider your proposal.
text: She gets up, ready to go.
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: One moment, Mrs. Peel. There's another
dialog: special reason we wanted you to join our
dialog: happy family; rather curious, actually ...
text: Mother hits the lights. He flicks the video into slow-mo. File thru
dialog: image clarification, identikit sketches.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: Eye witness reports. Strangers in the area.
text: One description tallied in all three places.
dialog: Recognize her?
text: Emma locks. On the screen comes -- Emma Peel. Steed reacts.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Me, isn't it?
text: Emma stares at the screen: incredible. Like a twin sister.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Think of it as special assignment, Mrs. Peel.
dialog: With a twist. You're our chief suspect.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You're saying I have no choice.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Father will be your controller. Steed here
dialog: will show you the ropes.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (very arch)
dialog: Ropes?
scene_heading: 55INT. SECRET SERVICE HQ SHOOTING GALLERY
text: A life-size target of a man with blank face, bowler hat and umbrella,
dialog: flips up, and --
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Is riddled with holes by
text: Emma, who works at reloading as
scene_heading: 56HIGH ABOVE IN ONE-WAY MIRRORED GALLERY
text: looking on, Mother with Steed.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Think she really killed those agents?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: She may not know. Theory goes she
dialog: may be very ill.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Amnesia?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Possibly. Split personality ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Insane ... ?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Who knows? If Dr. Darling is right,
dialog: you should watch out.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: She may try to kill you.
scene_heading: 57IN SHOOTING GALLERY
text: Emma swiftly turns, aims, and --
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! FIRES with dead-eye precision. All
text: on target. Steed reacts. Ulp.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Perhaps I ought to talk with Dr.
dialog: Darling.
scene_heading: 58INT. SECRET SERVICE HQ PSY OPS ROOM
text: A gallery of portraits of Emma Peel projected on the wall based on
text: Warhol's Jackie (1964) -- Poignant, inscrutable, fascinating, iconic --
text: blown up, dissected, analyzed. The swirling newspaper dots cover
text: Mother and Steed like bubbles from a light show.
text: As DR. DARLING, head of the Ministry's Psychological Operations (Psy
text: Ops) -- a kind of spy version of Timothy Leary, briefs them. In his
text: thick dark glasses and beard,
text: Darling's obsessive interest in Emma adds a sinister air.
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: One key point: Mrs. Peel is a widow:
text: she's obsessively devoted to the memory
dialog: of her husband the scientist Peter Peel.
dialog: You may find her a little ... remote.
text: Images of Peter Peel on the wall. Of Emma with him.
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
text: They were a team. Met at Cambridge.
dialog: Working on a top secret research mission
dialog: into weather conditions, code name The
dialog: Prospero Project, when Peel died.
text: Steed looks meaningfully at Mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: Something went wrong. System malfunction.
text: Explosion. Mrs. Peel had a narrow escape.
dialog: Suspected sabotage. Nothing proven. File
text: still open.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: How come you took so much interest
dialog: in her, Dr. Darling?
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: Her husband was one of ours.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (eyes Peel's photo,
dialog: then Mother)
dialog: Peel? Did she know?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Still doesn't. Better safe than sorry. She
dialog: was in a dangerous game, Steed. High
dialog: stakes. She may prove to be a risk. If
dialog: she is, there's only one solution. Termination.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Anyone particular in mind?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You.
text: OFF Steed's reaction. CLASHING BLADES OVER ...
scene_heading: 59INT. SECRET SERVICE FENCING SALON
text: Steed and Emma (new outfit), cross swords. Like everything else she
text: does, Emma is a champion. Steed is hard put. Both fence attached to
dialog: cables -- very high-tech
dialog: dueling ...
text: Steed is in white; Emma (natch), in black ... yin and yang ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: You're a lady of hidden talents,
dialog: Mrs. Peel ...
dialog: Tic-tac ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I've no intention of hiding them ...
dialog: Tic-tac ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Scientist ...
dialog: (tic-tac)
dialog: ... marksman ...
dialog: (tic-tac)
dialog: ... swordsman ...
dialog: (tic-tac)
dialog: ... To what do you attribute your
dialog: overachievements?
text: Fast swordplay. Tic-tac-tic-tac-tic. Steed's good, too.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: My father always wanted a boy.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Really? I fail to see the connection.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I had a feeling you would. Touche!
text: She lunges; her foil tips right into the heart on Steed's chest. BUZZ!
text: Steed removes his mask; holds her foil tip.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I take your point.
text: Emma takes off her mask.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Yes indeed. I need protection.
scene_heading: 60EXT. SIGN - DAY
text: "Trubshaw's of Jermyn Street, since 1756." Steed's Jag parked in front
dialog: -- of course there's a space. Getting out
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I thought we were on our way.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Oh, absolutely, but Trubshaw's a man
dialog: worth meeting. No point setting out
text: half shod.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (dry)
text: Or half cocked.
scene_heading: 61CLOSEUP - TRUBSHAW
text: slips Steed's hand-made shoes an. The "lasts" shapes of shoes beside
dialog: him -- bear Steed's name.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I couldn't agree more. Thank you,
dialog: Trubshaw.
speaker_heading: TRUBSHAW
dialog: (significantly)
dialog: Very good, Mr. Steed.
dialog: WIDEN to reveal:
scene_heading: 62INT. TRUBSHAW'S GENTLEMEN'S SHOP - DAY
text: A bull moose's antlers. A horned rhino. A Leopard. A tiger. Then
text: next to them, in a wall of hunting trophies Emma paces impatiently
text: beneath them. Shop assistants attend in tails and wing-collars, very
text: old school tie. Steed emerges helped into a new flashy waistcoat ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (gags at the waistcoat)
dialog: Steed, we really must be --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (relishing his shoes)
dialog: Ahh. Perfect fit. The luxury of a
text: hand-made shoe. As unique as a face
dialog: or a fingerprint. Or should I say DNA?
scene_heading: 63BEHIND DISPLAY
text: Eyes watching Emma and Steed rise ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You can but I wish you wouldn't ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Thank you, Trubshaw ...
text: A youngish man -- in black polo neck, Beatle-cut mop, pauting lips,
text: smart suit, druggy high-pitched giggle. BAILEY, a cocky, cool
text: psychopath. He watches Steed and Emma leave ...
text: ... and saunters after them ... CAR ROAR OVER.
scene_heading: 64EXT. LONDON STREETS - DAY
text: as the Jag races through them, heading for the country.
speaker_heading: EMMA (V.O.)
dialog: That place is so absurd, so out of date ...
speaker_heading: STEED (V.O.)
dialog: Do you really think so?
text: Another car follows them ... as they pass Buckingham Palace, now
text: painted pink and guarded by female grenadiers ...
speaker_heading: 65SIGN
text: reading: "Scotland" with an arrow, as Steed and Emma zoom past in the
dialog: Jag ...
speaker_heading: STEED (V.O.)
dialog: Press that button, would you?
dialog: Tea?
scene_heading: 66CLOSEUP - SPECIAL DASHBOARD COMPARTMENT
text: opens, revealing a tea service: a samovar of tea, feeding into a pre-
text: warmed pot, pouring into two china cups ...
dialog: WIDEN to reveal:
scene_heading: 67INT. JAG - DAY
text: Emma, reacts, pours from the samovar ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Sorry. Didn't mean to interrupt
dialog: your flow of oratory ...
text: Steed's JAG BACKFIRES again as at the beginning ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You know what I mean. This car
dialog: -- and you. Nobody walks around
dialog: like that. Milk?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Not all Tradition is bad, Mrs.
dialog: Peel. No thank you.
text: She hands over a cup.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: But why? What's the point?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: A Gentleman has to have a code.
dialog: This is part of mine. A uniform.
dialog: Think of it as my suit of shining
dialog: armor.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: And I suppose you're the knight.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: The most unpredictable piece on
dialog: the board. And always ready to
dialog: protect his queen.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: That's predictable. When I find
dialog: a queen in need of protection
dialog: I'll let you know.
text: Steed looks in the mirror. Behind them, a car. Tailing?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I'm hoping you will.
text: He puts his foot down. Zoom ...
scene_heading: 68EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Towards picturesque Scotland. The JAG ROARS by - then the other car
dialog: ...
scene_heading: 69INT. JAG - DAY
text: Emma consults a list, reads --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Sir August Merryweather ... why
dialog: are we seeing him first?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: As per mother's instructions.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Do we always follow Mother's
dialog: instructions?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: For a man in my position --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Just what is your position, if you don't
dialog: mind my asking. How did a stuffed
dialog: shirt like you get into this line of work?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: They call me in when they've reached a
dialog: dead end. Freelance. Like yourself.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I have no choice. Why should you
dialog: risk your life?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: After our fencing match, I was rather
dialog: hoping you would do the risking.
dialog: More tea?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No thanks.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I meant me.
text: Emma takes in Steed's evasive answers. Sighing, she pours.
scene_heading: 70EXT. HIGHLANDS - DAY
text: The Jag winds around Loch Ness, followed by the car.
speaker_heading: STEED (V.O.)
dialog: According to Mother, Sir August owns
text: half of the Highlands. A millionaire.
dialog: Former head of Special Projects at the
dialog: Ministry. Now ...
speaker_heading: EMMA (V.O.)
dialog: An eccentric recluse?
scene_heading: 71INT. JAG - DAY
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Not so much eccentric. More barking
dialog: mad. He has a wife called June. And
dialog: a daughter somewhere -- Julie.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: June, July ... August?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: The family does seem to be somewhat
dialog: meteorologically inclined.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Any other vices?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: All of a piece, really. A fanatical
text: weatherman. Chairman of BROLLY.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: British Royal Organisation For
dialog: Lasting Liquid Years. Thinks British
text: weather has been tampered with
dialog: by ... aliens.
text: Emma takes this in.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: So ... I distract him while you snoop
dialog: around? How?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Small talk. Try the weather.
scene_heading: 72EXT. HUGE COUNTRY HOUSE - DAY
text: Steed and Emma speed up to the huge open main gates
text: Signs: "Private: No Admittance." Guards in hunting gear and plus
text: fours, with loaded rifles. They start up the drive ...
text: Several peacocks on the lawn fan open their beautiful tails.
text: One of them, a mechanical peacock whose thousand eyes CLICK with the
text: WHIR of a CAMERA ...
text: The other car pulls in behind. Inside, reveal Bailey watching them.
scene_heading: 73INT. MANOR HOUSE CORRIDOR - DAY
text: On a tartan carpet, a SCOTTIE BARKS furiously at a set of EXPIRING
text: BAGPIPES on the floor. PAN UP to reveal:
text: A BUTLER leading Emma down the corridor --
text: -- where she admires the eccentric fixtures, pausing to note a large
text: teddy bear outfit with tartan trimmings instead of the usual suit of
dialog: armor.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Original ...
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: This way, miss ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Missus ...
text: He opens the double doors, admitting Emma into
scene_heading: 74INT. A LARGE ROOM
text: of semi-tropical climate. Jungle plants, parakeets, snakes. Walls
text: lined with display cabinets and bell jars: stuffed birds, butterflies,
text: spiders. A thermometer reads:
text: 100 degrees with high humidity. The Butler leaves.
text: Emma fans herself. Nobody in the roam. But hears a sound of RAINFALL
text: from a smoked glass conservatory.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Sir August ... ? Sir August ... ?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Eh? In here!
text: Emma follows the SOUND, steps cautiously forward.
scene_heading: 75INT. CONSERVATORY
text: beneath a sprinkler system of torrential rain, an old man splashes in
text: bizarre rubber togs. Emma stays cool.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I've come to apply for membership
dialog: in Brolly --
speaker_heading: SIR AUGUST
dialog: (shouts above the tempest)
dialog: You don't get rain like you used to in
dialog: England. A good shower that's the ticket.
text: Stiffens resolve, puckers the spirit, quells
text: the namby-pamby in a man.
text: SIR AUGUST steps out of the shower and wind machine. A belted rubber
text: macintosh, flippers, goggles. He starts to disrobe, the NOISE DIES
speaker_heading: DOWN --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I so agree. How did you acquire a
dialog: taste for it?
speaker_heading: SIR AUGUST
dialog: Out in India. So character-forming for the
dialog: British. Not the heat. Good Lord, no. The
dialog: rain, dash it. A good monsoon. Fifteen
dialog: inches overnight. A whole week of lovely
dialog: rain. I remember one summer in Jaipur ...
text: Sir August removes his goggles, recognizes her.
speaker_heading: SIR AUGUST
dialog: You
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Have we met?
speaker_heading: SIR AUGUST
dialog: You mean you don't recall??
text: Before Emma can reply, the door opens...
speaker_heading: SIR AUGUST
dialog: Ah, Lady June ...
text: Emma's attention switches to LADY JUNE, a buxom lady in a sou'wester
text: and galoshes, who wheels in a tray of scones.
speaker_heading: LADY JUNE
dialog: Dear August. Loves his showers.
text: Like a baby.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Scones, Mrs. Peel?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thank you, Lady -- June ...
text: Emma sees Sir August gazing wistfully out of the window, which is
dialog: rapidly
dialog: darkening ...
speaker_heading: SIR AUGUST
dialog: Ah, beautiful. Just as he promised.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Promised? Who promised?
speaker_heading: SIR AUGUST
dialog: There, look!
text: Emma looks, sees rain start to pitter-patter on the windows. Emma
text: exchanges looks with June as the rain starts pouring.
speaker_heading: SIR AUGUST
dialog: Imagine being caught out in a blow
dialog: like that!
scene_heading: 76EXT. MOORLAND - DAY
text: THUNDER and lightning -- Steed is caught out in it; puts up his
text: umbrella; wanders over the brow of a hill, past a big sign: "No
text: Trespassers." Rains more. And more. Turns to a tempest, as --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I say, this is a bit much.
text: Lashed by rain ' Steed carries on to the brow of the hill. He looks
text: over, peers through the mist at --
text: A deep purple cloud. Mushrooming towards him.
text: Steed can't escape it. It envelops him. Starts to blink. Cough.
text: Footsteps less sure. Surrounded by thick purple haze
text: Steed stumbles and falls
text: Down a hill. Tumbles to the bottom. He knocks his head on a rock.
text: Steed blinks, shakes his head. Eyes refocus. He sees
scene_heading: 77UNDULATING SAND DUNES
text: Sun shining down on yellow sand, a barren vista. Dead trees. Suddenly
text: Steed's in the Sahara. A heat haze shimmers.
text: Steed blinks, thinks he's dreaming when he sees ...
scene_heading: 78IN DISTANCE - RED PHONE BOX
text: Steed heads towards it. The PHONE BOX seems further away. Like an
text: optical illusion. Then hears RINGING.
text: Steed still bowler-hatted. Overcoat. Perspiring. Takes off bowler,
text: wipes brow. Adjusts rose in buttonhole. It wilts.
text: He arrives at the phone box. Opens the door. Steed picks up the
text: RINGING PHONE, listens to --
text: A SCRATCHY ORCHESTRAL RECORDING of "The Merry Widow."
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: 'The Merry Widow'...?
text: Over the MUSIC, a strange --
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: ... Hello ... Hello? ... Who the
dialog: hell...? Who is this? ... You must
dialog: leave the test area. I repeat,
dialog: leave the area ... Help is on the
dialog: way ...
text: CLICK. The line goes dead. Steed is baffled. Steps out, sees --
speaker_heading: 79ON HORIZON
text: a shimmering heat haze. A figure on a camel moving towards them.
text: Steed watches amazed, as the camel pads closer ...
text: The mirage arrives. The rider dismounts. A woman in yashmak and veils.
text: She draws closer. Drops the veils to reveal --
text: Emma Peel. In her black leather catsuit.
speaker_heading: .STEED
dialog: Mrs. Peel. Good of you to drop by.
dialog: And I see you're wearing your -
dialog: riding outfit?
text: Emma moves closer. Steed smiles at her. Emma closer and -- chop! --
text: gives a kung-fu jab to the throat, a kick to the balls, a jab to the
text: stomach. As Steed lies on the
dialog: ground --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Manners, Mrs. Peel.
text: Emma takes out a .38 GUN, points at his heart, FIRES --
scene_heading: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! FOUR SHOTS --
speaker_heading: 80EMMA'S POV
text: -- The bullets strike his chest. Round his heart. Steed slumps back
text: on the sands. Eyes close ...
speaker_heading: 81EMMA
text: moves over him. Drops a small toy snowshaker into his curled fingers.
text: Blows a good-bye kiss.
speaker_heading: 82STEED'S POV82
text: The sun. Clouds roll by. The camel peers down at him.
speaker_heading: FADE TO
speaker_heading: BLACK.
text: Sound of CLACKING ...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 83INT. SECRET SERVICE HOSPITAL - DAY
text: A hospital ward. Empty apart from one bed. A nurse (Brenda in her red
text: leather), her spiked heels clacking on the floor, brings over a cup of
dialog: tea to
text: Steed in a hospital bed. Who wakes, surprised to see Emma. Peering
text: over him. Very nonchalant. Eating his grapes.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Ah, Brenda ...
dialog: (as she leaves)
dialog: Mrs. Peel?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You should be dead. How do you
dialog: feel?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (eyes her)
dialog: Strange.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You were very lucky. Four shots to
dialog: the heart. I found you after I slipped
dialog: away from Sir August. Mother brought
dialog: you here. Not me you should thank.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I wasn't about to.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I mean your man Trubshaw. Your
dialog: bullet-proof waistcoat. I thought
dialog: you were just overdressed.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I might say the same.
speaker_heading: 84FROM GALLERY
text: Mother with Dr. Darling taking notes. Emma looks up at them. Drops to
text: a whisper. But they both are wearing headphones.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Mother and Dr. Darling have me
dialog: under observation. They think I
dialog: tried to kill you.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Why should they think that?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You told them. You said I arrived
dialog: on a camel, shot you four times.
dialog: Left you for dead.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Frankly that's how I remember it.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: But that's absurd. I may not be
dialog: over-fond of you, Steed, but it's
dialog: not my style.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Perhaps your memory plays tricks,
dialog: Mrs. Peel.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (conceding)
dialog: That's possible. Sir August was convinced
dialog: he'd met me before. But I'd never met him.
dialog: Another odd thing. When it rained, he said
dialog: it was just as someone had promised.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Did he say who?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No. But he must know. Incidentally,
dialog: my double left you with this.
text: Emma shows Steed the toy snow scene. A winter wonderland snow scene.
text: He looks puzzlingly at it. On its underneath. "The Wonderland
dialog: Corporation," followed by --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: An invitation. To a 'formal picnic'...?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Did you say formal? I must dress.
scene_heading: 85EXT. LONDON STREET - NIGHT
text: The sporty Jag pulls up outside a tall, swanky building. Steed gets
text: out, opens her door. Irritated, Emma steps out of the car, clad in her
dialog: leather suit --
scene_heading: 86CLOSEUP OF HER HEEL
text: hitting the street. PAN UP TO Steed, admiring --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I must say, you look more your
dialog: old self --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You mean my other self ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Either way ... may I ask: why
dialog: you dress in that fashion?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I should have thought that was
dialog: obvious ...
dialog: (off his smirk)
dialog: I'm in mourning.
text: She moves off. Stay on his poker face.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I can't wait to see afternoon.
text: He joins her; they survey the building.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Where's the picnic?
dialog: They look up to --
scene_heading: 87INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - NIGHT
text: A boardroom suite, overlooking London. Lights twinkling --
text: Around a conference table. Twelve TEDDY BEARS. Each six feet tall.
text: Ridiculous and sinister. In pink, turquoise, brown, black, white,
text: green. Furry, giant paws and ears, swivel eyes. One teddy sports a
text: familiar tartan ...
text: On the table, children's party food: jellies, hundreds and thousands,
dialog: birthday cakes. And wrapped presents before each.
text: Each bear has a name-badge: Bobby, Bobo, Bruno, Bibi, Betty, Binky etc.
text: pinned to their fur. A children's tune, "THE TEDDY BEAR'S PICNIC,"
dialog: plays. Followed by -
text: a gavel rapping order.
text: A distinctively chilling voice, eerily familiar and seductive, which
dialog: ECHOES through our story --
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Ladies, gentlemen and bears ...
text: The teddy bears look round. Can't hear who's talking.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
text: Today is history. The first day of the future.
dialog: I welcome you to the first general meeting
dialog: of the Wonderland Corporation, now allied
dialog: with our colleagues from Brolly ...
text: Murmurs of congratulations amongst the bears ...
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: You have all given time, money and expertise
dialog: to achieve our goal. But we are reaching a
dialog: new phase of our operation. From today,
dialog: many of you will no longer be needed. I have
dialog: to warn you ...
text: Dismay from the teddy bears. As a CUCKOO CLOCK RINGS OUT,
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
text: A cuckoo. The first sign of spring, and ...
dialog: A cuckoo in our nest. Our organization is
text: no longer secret. Agents are investigating
dialog: us. Their names are John Steed and Emma
dialog: Peel. I believe we have a traitor among us
dialog: ... perhaps more than one ...
text: Uproar from the teddy bears. Shouts of "Who?" (*PS: One of the Teddys
text: is a giant rabbit who seems especially alarmed).
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: That remains to be seen. When we find
text: the traitors, they will be dealt with severely.
speaker_heading: TEDDY BEAR #l
dialog: These agents. Where are they?
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Here. In this building. By our estimate, they
dialog: will enter this room in thirty-five point five
dialog: seconds precisely ...
text: Panic. The bears scramble to go, bumping into each other.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I am sorry the party is over. But we
dialog: shall meet again.
dialog: To each of you a gift. A token of
dialog: my appreciation.
text: In front of the teddy bears, each one receives a present wrapped up in
text: paper with a pink and silver bow.
text: The tartan teddy opens his up: A snow scene. Anxious moans.
scene_heading: 88INT. BUILDING - NIGHT
text: UP and inside fire staircase, Emma and Steed run up -- Open the door to
text: the conference room. The CUCKOO RINGS on their entry. To FIND an
text: empty room. Only the party detritus plus little teddy bears sitting
text: where formerly the big ones sat; the teddy bear picnic MUSIC PLAYING
text: again OVER ...
text: One snow shaker left. Steed picks it up: Inside it:
speaker_heading: 89TINY EMMA PEEL
text: in black leather.
speaker_heading: STEED (O.S.)
dialog: For you, Mrs. Peel.
text: 90BACK TO SCENE
text: Emma stares at it. Turns it over: an address.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Another invitation. 38 Marlborough
dialog: Terrace ...
scene_heading: 91INT. EMBASSY (BELGRAVIA) - NIGHT
text: Inside number 38, a deserted Eastern bloc embassy. A dilapidated
text: hammer and sickle tapestry in tatters. Old spy techno-junk lies
text: discarded in elegant living rooms.
text: Steed and Emma open the door, rush inside.
text: They search for clues. A cigar left in an ashtray. Steed picks it up
text: with distaste. Then moves over to the wine rack, picks up a vintage
dialog: bottle of champagne --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (admiringly)
dialog: Hm ... A Veuve-Cliquot '56 ...
dialog: (then puzzled)
text: But he bites the end of his
dialog: Monte Cristos ... ?
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: Clearly, we're dealing with a
dialog: maniac.
text: Meanwhile, Emma goes into the --
scene_heading: 92NEXT ROOM - EMMA'S POV
text: where she sees a blob of BUBBLING GUNK, like radioactive chewing gum.
text: A few pieces of charred clothing tell us this was once a man in a teddy
dialog: bear outfit.
text: 93BACK TO SCENE
text: Steed enters behind her, examines the gunk.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Colonel Crabtree. International
dialog: Satellite Systems. Formerly of
dialog: the Ministry.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How on earth can you tell?
text: Steed holds up the inside of a battered shoe: the name.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Elementary, Mrs. Peel. Trubshaw
dialog: isn't the only shoemaker still
dialog: practicing his trade ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Very good, Steed ...
text: A MEWLING SOUND.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What's that?
text: Leaving Steed to ponder the remains, Emma goes into
speaker_heading: 94ANOTHER ROOM
text: Dark. Switches on the light. And gasps.
speaker_heading: 95STEED
text: looks up as Emma emerges with -
text: A Leopard cub. Steed raises his brolly.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: What on earth?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Any ideas?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Well, he was a fellow of the Royal
dialog: Zoological Society ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Is that written in his shoe?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (smug)
dialog: Common knowledge, Mrs. Peel ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: She had this in her mouth. There,
dialog: there...
text: Cooing to the cub, Emma tosses to Steed -- another snowshaker. Inside
dialog: -- another address: 84 Cadogan Place.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Not again. There's got to be
dialog: another. way to go about this.
scene_heading: 96EXT. CADOGAN PLACE APARTMENT BUILDING (KNIGHTSBRIDGE) - NIGHT
text: Down a sheer wall Emma Peel abseils with rope and crampons. Before
text: gliding through an open French window --
scene_heading: 97INT. KNIGHTSBRIDGE FLAT - NIGHT
text: Emma investigates. Nobody there. She looks 'round. Military
text: memorabilia. Busts of Napoleon and Charlemagne. Looks inside drawers.
dialog: Desks. Meanwhile --
scene_heading: 98INT. STEED'S JAG - NIGHT
text: Steed feeds a carton of milk to the leopard, who is a handful ...
text: licking, pawing him ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Now, now ...
dialog: (sings)
dialog: 'I can't give you anything but
dialog: love, baby...'
scene_heading: 99INT. KNIGHTSBRIDGE FLAT - NIGHT
dialog: Emma searching ...
scene_heading: 100OUTSIDE FLAT DOOR100
text: a key in lock. Door opens. Silence.
speaker_heading: 101INSIDE - EMMA
text: finds a snowshaker. About to look underneath. Hears a NOISE. Looks
text: up, in front of her in the mirror, sees -A giant teddy behind her.
dialog: Ready to strike --
text: Emma swivels 'round, a fluid balletic motion, and --
text: Bam! A kick to the teddy's stomach. Then off balance, Emma hurls him
text: over her shoulder, darts in to pin the teddy to the ground as --
text: The teddy grabs Emma's legs, flings her off balance. She falls. Teddy
text: grabs a military sabre from the wall, and Woosh! Slices through air at
text: Emma's head. She ducks. The sabre skims her hair. Emma grabs another
dialog: sabre; the fight is on!
text: Emma counterattacks. Slashes with the sabre and the teddy's head goes
text: flying off! Jesus. The torso stands unsteadily.
text: Emma's eyes widen as:
text: A man's head emerges from the teddy torso.
text: Emma's so surprised, he can slug her ...
dialog: Emma's out.
scene_heading: 102INT. STEED'S JAG - NIGHT
text: so is Steed and the Leopard -- both asleep. A little milk dribbles
text: down Steed's chin ...
scene_heading: 103INT. KNIGHTSBRIDGE FLAT - NIGHT
text: The man goes to the other room. Starts to take off the rest of his
text: teddy costume. Throws clothes into a suitcase.
text: The PHONE. Terrified, the Man picks it up ... The voice ...
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Naughty teddy ...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: No! You can't ...
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Ask not for whom the telephone
dialog: rings, it rings for thee ...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: But I've got rid of her. She's ...
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Go to the window ... To the window.
text: Teddy moves to the open window. Sudden PAIN. LIGHTNING.
text: Teddy looks up in terror as a purple cloud releases another BOLT.
text: Direct hit. The teddy slumps to the ground. Soggy, waterlogged, very
dialog: dead. Kinda like the
dialog: other guy ...
scene_heading: 104IN OTHER ROOM
text: Meanwhile Emma wakes up. Turns the corner. Towards the other room,
text: sees dead Teddy. Reads the label on his suitcase ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Major D'Arcy ... ?
scene_heading: 105OVER HER SHOULDER
text: from the window behind her like a spider on glass appears another
dialog: "Emma" --
dialog: -- let's call her Bad Emma -- coming straight for Emma. She makes a
text: NOISE. Emma turns just in time to see.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Well, well. If it isn't me ...
text: Emma starts towards her double, who hesitates, then turns, leaping out
text: the window ... she wears the same black catsuit.
text: The real Emma rushes, follows her "double"
text: Clambers outside to rappel up the line to
scene_heading: 106EXT. ROOFTOPS - NIGHT
text: Emma looks. Beneath a starlit sky criss-crossed by wires, a rooftop
text: maze of buildings, flanked by giant gargoyles -- goblins, lions,
text: griffins -- over twinkling lights ...
text: Emma searches the roof -- no sign, only shadows. Then turns a corner
dialog: to see --
text: Above the city, fairy lights on the rooftops of Harrods, lit by a
text: million bulbs ... giant neon signs ...
text: Several floors below, Emma sees the streets. A twinge of vertigo.
text: Then she looks up, hears a NOISE -- From:
scene_heading: 107BEHIND GARGOYLE
text: she sees her "double" run. Emma gives chase.
text: Hot pursuit. Over rooftops. 'Round wires. PAST neon signs high over
dialog: the city ...
text: Emma follows. Gains on the "double," who --
text: Pushes faster. Gliding between rooftop buildings. Dodging, weaving.
text: But Emma gains more. Sleek limbs, muscular, perfect body machine,
dialog: until --
speaker_heading: 108EMMA'S POV
text: as she sees her "double" leap over a yawning chasm. And stumble on the
dialog: other side for a footing.
text: 109BACK TO SCENE
text: as Emma's adrenaline surges. She cannot stop, she --
text: Jumps! Hangs in the air. Limbs pushing out for the edge. And only
text: just, she lands perfectly, gaining, closing, until --
scene_heading: 110ON NEXT ROOFTOP
text: Emma gains up close. A final burst of acceleration. Then without
dialog: warning, her "double" --
text: Turns, Emma catches up, and --
text: Wham! Wham! A kick -- a chop to Emma's body - double scissorkick --
text: Emma reacts swiftly, surges into overdrive --
text: In a lightning-fast kung fu duel -- CRACK OF BONE -- CRUNCH OF BLOWS --
text: a flurry of kicks as Emma --
text: Lands on her back. The "double" attacks. Emma retaliates --
text: Kicks up her leg -- flings the "double" over her head she lands
text: awkwardly -- a METALLIC CRUNCH in a blow to her head -- but picks
dialog: herself up without pausing
text: And vanishes into the rooftop maze.
scene_heading: 111AGAINST SKYLINE
text: Emma stands. Looks. She's lost her "double." She stands alone,
text: silhouetted against the night sky.
text: Caught in the moonlight. Above sparks of neon. Daunting, muscular,
dialog: poised for action, as --
text: Ears listening to distant noises. SWOOSHING TRAFFIC. FLUTTER of BIRD
text: WING. HUM of WIND through wires. Then an AUDIBLE SNAP --
scene_heading: 112EMMA'S POV - HIGH ANGLE
text: above her a SPAM as a STEEL CABLE WIRE of an aerial is snapped. Slowly
text: wound tightly 'round, bent back, coiled, ready to spring --
scene_heading: 113BACK TO SCENE - EMMA
text: looks 'round. Sees nothing, hears the sound of the WHIPLASH coming
dialog: seconds
dialog: before --
dialog: Through the air --
speaker_heading: 114EMMA'S POV
text: a flashing line like a bolt of lightning, but cannot move quickly
dialog: enough as --
text: 115BACK TO SCENE
text: as a cable wire whips across, coils 'round Emma, lashing her tight,
text: crushing air from her, as the wire --
text: Sweeps Emma off her feet, whiplashes her back like a spring, hoists her
text: and dangles her over the city. She looks down.
dialog: A long way.
text: Emma grabs hold of the wire, which pulls her back. She drops down to
dialog: the rooftop ...
text: Slithers down the roof. Slips --
speaker_heading: 116OVER LEDGE
text: Emma hangs on with fingertips.
text: Overlooking city with 100-foot neon sign above her:
speaker_heading: 117ADVERTISEMENT
text: for "Wonderland Weather" with: a repeated loop of a 100-foot high
text: bikini-clad "Emma" throwing head back in holiday fun -- Sign: "COMING
scene_heading: SOON -- THE NATURAL BEAUTY OF WONDERLAND WEATHER."
text: 118BACK TO SCENE
text: Emma hangs on, looks up, stares at "herself." The surreal repetition
text: of the loop. Overlooking the whole city.
text: Dizzy, Emma threatens to pass out. Just when from --
speaker_heading: 119ABOVE HER
text: an unseen hand from Bad Emma winds down --
text: Another CABLE for her to hold. It uncoils down past the windows,
text: telltale SPARKS flare up as it hits metal --
text: Emma tries to grab for it. Misses, then grabs hold, and -- a LIVE
text: CABLE -- a thousand VOLTS surge through her body --
text: -- A shock, Emma plummets DOWN TO --
scene_heading: 120STRIPED AWNING
text: on a lower ledge. She hangs precariously. Catching her breath. About
text: to redouble her efforts. When beside her from a --
scene_heading: 121BALCONY WINDOW
text: an umbrella extended. Steed reaches out, reels Emma in. They are back
dialog: in Teddy's
text: flat ... Emma collapses in Steed's arms. He helps her up -- hands her
text: a phone.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: For you, Mrs. Peel.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thanks ...
dialog: (dry)
dialog: I see what you mean about letting
dialog: me do the risking ... Hello?
dialog: It's Sir August.
speaker_heading: SIR AUGUST (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Mrs. Peel ... Come quickly.
dialog: Brolly's been betrayed! I'll tell
dialog: you everything ... The weather's
dialog: getting worse and worse ... they're
dialog: after me ... coming for me ... come
dialog: quickly!
speaker_heading: CLICK.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Sir August...?
dialog: (to Steed)
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Ask Mother.
scene_heading: Sound OVER: RING-RING.
scene_heading: 122INT. MANOR HOUSE (SCOTLAND) - DAY
text: Sir August gripped with terror, stares at the PHONE. The scotty DOG
text: BARKS. Finally, Sir August answers.
speaker_heading: SIR AUGUST
dialog: Mrs. Peel -- ?
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Ask not for whom the telephone
dialog: rings ...
speaker_heading: SIR AUGUST
dialog: No, please! I beg you ...
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
text: Walk over to the window ...
speaker_heading: SIR AUGUST
dialog: Let it be rain, please let it be --
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Stay by the window. By the window.
text: Mesmerized, Sir August goes to the window. Looks -- Lady June arrives,
dialog: too late.
speaker_heading: 123OUTSIDE
text: a purple cloud of cyclone-force rages towards him. A luminous glow.
text: Then a LIGHTNING STRIKE. And --
text: BOOM! An EXPLOSION BLASTS the WINDOWS. A WIND rushes
dialog: in ...
speaker_heading: FATHER (V.O.)
dialog: Emergency alert ...
scene_heading: 124EXT. WHITEHALL STREETS - DAY
text: PAST obscure imperial statues a tiny micro Messerschmidt bubble car
text: tootles down deserted streets.
speaker_heading: FATHER (V.O.)
dialog: A cyclone hit Banffshire last night.
dialog: Completely unpredicted ...
speaker_heading: 125INSIDE CAR
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Where's Mother?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Mobile HQ. In a blue funk. Can't
dialog: take chances. I'm looking after
text: things while he's hiding out ...
text: Father drives like a maniac. She senses their unease.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You're probably wondering how I
dialog: can drive 'blind.' Simple. A new
dialog: prototype from the boys in X division.
text: Micro-sensors in the system read
dialog: signals and road information. Converts
dialog: the info into miles per hour.
dialog: Ultra-sensitive. Ultra-smart.
text: Father jumps a red light. CARS SCREECH together in a huge pile-up.
text: Not that smart. Steed holds onto his hat.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: We know one thing. That suspect
dialog: was not Mrs. Peel.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: So you say ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You don't believe him?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: It's Mother you have to convince.
dialog: He's very agitated. Wait here.
text: Father SCREECHES to a halt on Holland Park Avenue
text: Steed and Emma get out. Father takes off ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: But
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Don't bother. Here's a bus ...
text: A red London number 22 bus drives up. As it arrives, in a conductor's
text: cap is -- the bodyguard, Brenda.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Fares, please,
scene_heading: 126INT. BUS - DAY
text: Steed and Emma board the bus. Destination: Not In Service. They pay
dialog: Brenda, the conductor. Go upstairs.
speaker_heading: 127UPSTAIRS
text: is Mother's temporary mobile HQ. He squats in a corner. Metal hooks
text: on electronic panels. Now paranoid. Suspicious. All the upper
text: windows have been blacked out.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Welcome to mobile H.Q. Weather's
dialog: turning quite nasty. Sir August was
text: blown to smithereens. Along with
dialog: half of Banffshire. The Ministry's
dialog: worried.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: He tried to warn us ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: We had a lead to Wonderland
dialog: Weather but we got there too late.
dialog: Someone tipped them off ...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Too late anyway. Today's escapade
dialog: was only for starters. This is no
dialog: ordinary weather. It's manmade. A
dialog: kind of weather bomb.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Impossible.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Not quite. This is my field.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Is there anything that isn't?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (ignores)
dialog: The Prospero Project was started by
dialog: my husband. It was an early attempt
dialog: to solve the problems of global warming.
dialog: In theory, climate engineering is entirely
dialog: feasible. We thought of injecting a
dialog: chemical cocktail into the atmosphere
dialog: by laser and satellite. A 'quick fix'...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Filling in mother nature's blind
dialog: spots ... ?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Exactly. There'd been earlier attempts
dialog: to pump carbon dioxide into deep sea.
dialog: Propane gas mostly. In small quantities
text: it captures chlorine. Protects the ozone
dialog: layer. But it proved impractical.
dialog: Too bulky ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: But if someone miniaturized the
dialog: process...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: That's what we were working on.
speaker_heading: STEED
text: Sounds as if someone's hijacked
dialog: your research.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Would it be possible to use it for
dialog: military purposes?
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: Directed by laser. Bounced by
dialog: satellite. Quite possible.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Where would they aim for?
text: Mother thinks, gets out of his wheelchair; takes a turn about the bus,
text: sits down again. No one pays any attention.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: London. The World Council of Ministers
dialog: meets soon on global defence. If you can
dialog: control the weather, you control the world.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: After the cold war ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: The hot and cold war ...
text: Sign "Grand Opening Soon." WIDEN to reveal ...
scene_heading: 128EXT. WONDERLAND WEATHER OFFICES - DAY
text: Steed looks around, picks the lock ... hi-tech style ...
scene_heading: 129INT. WONDERLAND WEATHER OFFICES - DAY
text: A kind of space-age travel agency. Steed enters.
text: At the reception desk, the receptionist has her back turned. Steed
text: sneaks in, moves behind a screen, overhears --
text: A man -- Bailey -- giving orders to the receptionist
speaker_heading: BAILEY
text: New orders. The penultimate phase.
dialog: Now fully operational ...
text: Steed moves away from them, pushes a set of double doors open, arrives
dialog: inside --
scene_heading: 130INT. WONDERLAND OFFICE - DISPLAY - DAY
text: A long corridor surrounded by a presentation of --
text: Virtual reality weather: clouds, sunny vistas, lush meadows, desert.
dialog: And slogans:
dialog: "Be natural. Act natural. Think natural. The natural beauty of
dialog: Wonderland Weather."
text: Steed reacts; the model is the same as Emma on the big neon sign near
dialog: Harrods ...
text: Steed finds a desk. Inspects papers. Sees a postcard of a large
text: stately home. He pockets it. Then looks 'round to see --
text: Bailey before him. We recognize him as the young dandy trailing Steed.
text: Neither gives away the other.
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: We're not yet open for business,
dialog: I'm afraid.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Shame. I was recommended. By a
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Sir August Merryweather? I was
text: looking for something relaxing.
dialog: Say, a Tuscan hillside in June?
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: Normally, we'd be eager to
dialog: oblige --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Seriously?
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: Of course. Natural weather delivered
dialog: to your door on demand. Down your
dialog: phoneline. For limited periods.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: You don't say. How real does it feel?
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: As real as you wish. Hot or cold.
dialog: Humid or dry. Anything you like.
dialog: Within reason.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: There are limits?
speaker_heading: BAILEY
text: The technology is brand new. Soon
dialog: it will be more powerful. We
dialog: anticipate a huge demand. Leave us
dialog: your number. We'll be in touch.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: No need. I'll call again.
text: Steed raises his bowler. Bailey watches him go.
scene_heading: 131EXT. WONDERLAND OFFICES - STREET - DAY
text: Steed emerges, stares at his postcard -- the stately home and:
dialog: "Headquarters, Wonderland Weather, Ltd." as --
speaker_heading: EMMA (V.O.)
dialog: My car. I'll drive.
scene_heading: 132EXT. COUNTRY ROADS - DAY
text: Emma's LOTUS ELAN WHIZZES BY...
speaker_heading: STEED (V.O.)
dialog: A day in the country ...
scene_heading: 133INT. LOTUS - DAY
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: Three agents killed by bad weather...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: ... And by you, Mrs. Peel ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (ignores)
text: Then a mad millionaire. Head of a secret
text: defense establishment. A group of
dialog: eccentrics obsessed by weather ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: ... And by you, Mrs. Peel. Everything
dialog: points to you. No sisters? No
dialog: undiscovered twin?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Not that I know of. Explanation?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: According to Dr. Darling, you're a
dialog: psychopathic personality with
text: schizophrenic delusions, suffering from
dialog: recurring amnesia based on traumatic
text: repression, leading to outbursts of
dialog: anti-social and violent behavior. Q.E.D.
text: Steed lets it sink in. Emma looks a little hurt.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Is that what you think?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Oh, well ...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Just my type, Mrs. Peel.
scene_heading: 134EXT. COUNTRY LANES - SEVERAL ANGLES - DAY
text: The Lotus races 'round blind corners. Hairpin bends. Across a train
text: at a level crossing, which just misses them --
scene_heading: 135INT. LOTUS - DAY
text: Emma sees Steed hold on for dear life. She smirks --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Do you always drive this fast?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Have I trespassed on a male
dialog: prerogative?
dialog: (before his reply)
dialog: We're being followed. I saw him
dialog: at Trubshaw's ...
text: Steed looks into the mirror, sees a car behind them. Pulling up,
text: trying to catch up. Emma glances in the mirror, and --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Hold on ...
text: Puts foot down. ZOOM. Extra ACCELERATION. Steed's head pinned back
text: to his seat. Emma's hair tossed in the wind.
scene_heading: 136EXT. COUNTRY LANES - DAY
text: The Lotus twisting and turning. The car behind always catches up.
text: Emma tries to shake it. Gears up. Mach force. Over crossroads.
text: Shaking 'round corners, as ...
speaker_heading: 137BEND
text: before Emma pushes foot down. Further ACCELERATION. The car behind
text: struggles to keep up. Emma coasts ahead, turns a corner --
text: And suddenly sees in front of her --
speaker_heading: 138HUGE TRUCK
dialog: crossing directly in their path!
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Turn!
speaker_heading: 139EMMA
text: swerves, plunging the car into a haystack, where it is completely
dialog: hidden as --
speaker_heading: 140TRUCK
text: clears in time for the following car, which keeps going.
speaker_heading: 141ON HAYSTACK
text: as Steed emerges, brushing off straw. An old lady on a bicycle with a
text: basket appears ...
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Are you alright, young man?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I think so, thank you so much ...
text: A SQUEAL of TIRES as -
text: The following car swerves back, stops and Bailey emerges, gun drawn as
dialog: Steed and the Old Lady react ...
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: (relishing)
dialog: Reach for the sky, pardner.
text: Steed raises his hands.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Oh, dear --
text: To Steed's surprise, she pulls an Uzi from her basket and
text: BANGBANGBANGBANG -- ! SPRAYS BULLETS into Bailey, who crumples, gun
text: spinning along the tarmac. Cute and sweetlooking, the Old Lady is
text: unfazed.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Cocky little bastard. I hope he
dialog: was a baddy.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I feel sure of it.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: I'm Alice. Mother said you'd be
dialog: on your way. Mrs. Peel with you?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: She was ...
text: They start pulling away hay from the haystack ...
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: You with Mother or Father?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Both, actually.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
text: Good. Glad to see they're together at last.
dialog: They don't get along. Promotion. Top job.
text: Most unfair. Quite a fuss at the Ministry.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (not paying attention)
dialog: You don't say.
dialog: (mumbles)
dialog: Like looking for a needle in a ...
scene_heading: 142INSIDE HAYSTACK
text: Coughing. Then Emma, sputtering straw as Steed's face appears. He
text: tries to conceal his relief at seeing her.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: What, Lady Disdain? Are you yet
dialog: breathing?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Barely.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: You will let me know if you find
dialog: that queen who's in need of
dialog: protection, won't you?
text: He pulls her out. She's annoyed.
scene_heading: 143OUTSIDE HAYSTACK
text: Emma brushes herself off; pulls off a piece of straw.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (holding it ruefully)
dialog: This must be the last straw.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (takes one off
dialog: her back)
dialog: Here's the one that broke the
text: camel's back.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Someone didn't want us to get to
dialog: the party.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I expect we'll have to gatecrash.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: I may be able to help you.
scene_heading: 144EXT. STATELY HOME FROM POSTCARD - DAY
text: comes to life. Steed, Emma and the Old Lady survey ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (checks postcard)
dialog: Wonderland Weather Ltd.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: This way ...
scene_heading: 145EXT. HALLUCINOGEN HALL - GROTTO AND MAZE - DAY
text: On a lawn, a peacock flares its thousand eye tail. A MECHANICAL CLICK,
text: its eyes conceal hidden cameras, recording Emma, Steed and the Old
text: Lady, who've landed inside the walled grounds. They move stealthily
text: forward, unaware ...
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Over here ...
text: The Old Lady waves them on. They enter a tunnel into
speaker_heading: 146MAZE
text: Tall hedges surround Steed and Emma and the Old Lady on all sides.
text: They follow the path, slopes , round, curves, turns into hairpin bends
text: and U-turns. At first intrigued ...
text: Then perplexed. Emma leads the way, Steed following. The Old Lady
text: slips OUT OF VIEW. Steed stops to pick a rose, puts it in his lapel.
text: Emma rushes ahead.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Aha ... Yes ... It's clear now. A
text: trapezoid shape, dictated by twin
text: diagonal paths and a single
text: curving path. A late Seventeenth
dialog: Century design, originally for
dialog: King William of Orange, copied...
dialog: Ah ...
text: Steed sees Emma slip 'round a corner. He pursues her. Glimpses her.
text: Then loses her. Another glimpse. Sees her thru hedges, then seemingly
dialog: --
text: Thru the other side of the hedge. In two places at once.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: ... Mrs. Peel? I think I'm seeing
dialog: double again.
text: Out of sight, Emma rushes on. Around her, the hedges grow taller. She
text: seems to grow smaller. Emma begins to realize things are not what they
text: seem. As she pushes her way thru --
speaker_heading: 147FROM ABOVE
text: the maze as a formal patter-n. Three tiny figures dart round.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE THRU TO:
scene_heading: 148INT. HALLUCINOGEN HALL - CONTROL ROOM - DAY
text: A pattern on a screen. The lines of the maze reformulated as abstract
text: lines. Steed, Emma and the Old Lady as three flashing dots. Someone,
text: somewhere is watching them. Laughter, then a familiar voice --
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Now this is more like it ...
scene_heading: 149EXT. MAZE - DAY
text: Steed searches for an exit.
scene_heading: 150ANOTHER PART OF MAZE
text: Emma sees a statue of a Butler. Which springs to life. Summons Emma.
text: She follows down a path strewn with leaves.
text: As Emma steps on the leaves, she --
text: Falls down -- a giant rabbit hole.
scene_heading: 151INT. RABBIT HOLE
text: Emma spins through darkness, like Alice in Wonderland ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Steed ... !
speaker_heading: STEED (V.O.)
dialog: Mrs. Peel ... ?
scene_heading: 152EXT. MAZE - DAY
text: The identical face of Emma on a marble statue, as --
text: Steed studies the classical statue ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Mrs. Peel ... ?
text: Steed hears a noise, turns to see --
text: Emma walking towards him. She picks the rose from his lapel, slowly
text: coils an arm around his neck. Pulls Steed towards her, closes her eyes
dialog: -- kisses him full an the
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Mrs. Peel ... !
dialog: (more kiss)
dialog: Mrs. Peel ...
text: The kiss ends. Steed recovers his composure, lips coated with her
text: lipstick. His tongue traces his lips; smarts ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Your lipstick ...
text: Poison. He goes dizzy. Steed collapses to the ground.
scene_heading: 153INT. HALLUCINOGEN HALL - DAY
text: Inside the house, a grand hall. Deserted. A cobweb hangs from
text: ceiling. A velvet curtain tattered and torn.
dialog: Emma.
text: A CUCKOO CLOCK RINGS the hour. Ahead, the real Emma sees --
text: A giant staircase. There on the stairs -- a glass eye.
text: She picks it up. Puts it in a pocket. Emma goes --
speaker_heading: 154UPSTAIRS
text: Sees a series of family portraits an the staircase. One of herself in
text: ornate aristocratic regalia.
scene_heading: 155LONG CORRIDOR UPSTAIRS
text: Rooms on either side. Emma goes down the hall, pushes doors.
speaker_heading: 156INSIDE ROOMS
text: A mad child's collections of ... toys... rocking horses ... train sets
dialog: ... ventriloquists' dummies... and ...
text: Butterflies ... scarabs ... beetles ... glass eyes, staring at her from
dialog: the blackness ...
text: Then Emma turns into a whole room of ...
text: Snow shakers ... A wall of them in glass cabinets like insect specimens
text: or fossils. Emma picks up one snow scene.
text: She shakes it.
scene_heading: 157EXT. HOUSE
text: as if in response, a storm gathers. Shadowy clouds roll in.
speaker_heading: 158IN MAZE
text: A drop of rain starts to fall. Steed's eyes flicker open.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (re: rain)
dialog: Not again.
text: He rises, looks down, reacts --
text: Alice, the Old Lady, lies near him in the maze, her neck snapped...
text: Steed kneels, next to her in the rain
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: It's a trap. Tell Mother, beware.
dialog: Tell Father.
text: She dies in his arms.
text: Wind picks up, too.
text: Steed looks about, frowning with discouragement --
scene_heading: 159INT. HALLUCINOGEN HALL PLAYROOM - DAY
text: THUNDER and lightning outside. Inside the room of snow shakers, a
text: CHILDHOOD TUNE PLAYS. Emma shakes the snow scene. The weather seems
dialog: to grow darker.
speaker_heading: 160FROM BEHIND
text: Emma hears the unmistakable chilling voice:
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: I wouldn't shake that too hard.
dialog: The weather might turn nasty.
text: From the shadows ... a man. A silhouette. Behind a distorting lens.
dialog: His shape and
text: face unclear. Emma puts down the shaker.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Quite a collection.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: If nature gives a man a collector's mind,
dialog: it doesn't matter what he collects.
text: Butterflies. Old China. Penny farthings.
text: A true collector grows more obsessive
text: as the years pass.
text: Outside the big window the weather is turning nasty ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Your voice -- it's so familiar ...
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: We have met ...
text: From the shadows, a man moves out, revealing:
text: Peter Peel, Emma's husband! THUNDER.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Peter ... ?
text: Instinctively Emma moves towards him. A long pause.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I must be dreaming ...
text: Emma pulls back. Before she can turn, Peter takes her hand, places it
text: over his heart. BA-BOOM, BA-BOOM, BA-BOOM ...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Listen... Very much alive.
text: Peter touches her hand. Emma looks into his eyes. Intrigued but
text: alarmed, disbelief. Peter raises her hand to his lips.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Darling, it's me...
text: Emma shudders, battles with herself.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Peter ...
text: Emma is tempted, yet filled with terror.
scene_heading: 161CLOSEUP - EMMA'S EYES
dialog: Inside her pupil --
speaker_heading: FLASH CUTS
dialog: TO:
speaker_heading: 162MEMORY FLASHES
text: His face as he kissed her -- his ring on her finger -the visor cracking
text: -- the glass obscuring his face.
text: 163BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Impossible ... how?
text: Peter smiles disarmingly. As if the answer was obvious.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: For you ... all for you ...
text: Peter comes over, folds her in his arms. Takes her head between his
text: hands. Emma leans over to him, about to kiss him, both closing their
dialog: eyes, until --
text: Lips parted. Before they kiss, Emma pulls back --
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Don't be afraid, darling.
text: She turns, runs to the door. Like a trapped bird. She tries the door
text: -- locked. Another door -- locked. A window -- locked.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Don't run away. I forgive you,
dialog: Emma. I know you left me. But
dialog: I still love you. Do you still have
dialog: my ring? I need it.
text: Peter grabs hold of Emma. She pulls away. Emma sees his face before
text: her, pleading with her. Seductive yet nightmarish.
text: As if hallucinating, Emma runs away, towards --
text: The big window overlooking the gardens. She runs, leaps, and in SLOW
speaker_heading: MOTION --
text: Crashes thru the GLASS, shards and splinters SHATTERING all 'round her,
dialog: as she --
scene_heading: 164EXT. HALLUCINOGEN HALL - WINDOW - DAY
text: somersaults through the window down to the ground. Lands with a THUD
text: on the wet ground. Looks up to see --
text: Steed above her, the STORM RAGING.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Steed!
text: She struggles to her feet, comes towards him, upset.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Oh, no. First time, shame on
dialog: you. Third time, shame on me.
text: He slugs her and the SCREEN GOES BLACK.
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING (V.O.)
text: Diagnosis confirmed. Mrs. Peel is
dialog: suffering from delusions and
text: hallucinations. An extreme personality
text: disorder. She imagines her husband
text: Peter Peel has come back to her ...
text: CLOSE ON Emma's face.
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING (V.O.)
dialog: A classic syndrome, to overcome her
text: subconscious guilt at her other crimes.
dialog: We've attached her to the dreamscape
dialog: machine. We'll soon see what her
dialog: unconscious looks like...
text: Emma's eyes flicker...
text: Steed comes INTO FOCUS, sitting by Emma's bed. This time he's eating
dialog: her grapes ...
text: Emma looks around ... Everything blurs. A STEADY PULSE DRONE. Tugs at
text: leather straps. No use. WIDEN to reveal Emma strapped to a special
dialog: couch --
text: Her head surrounded by a plastic dome, terminals and wires leading out
text: into a Dreamscape machine. Drowsy, disoriented.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: The Winslow Home for Retired
dialog: Lepidoptorists. I'm so sorry
dialog: I struck you, Mrs. Peel. Please
dialog: forgive me. I thought you were
dialog: someone else ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Was I?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (no smile)
dialog: I expect that's for you to know
dialog: and me to find out ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It was Peter -- I saw him ...
text: Drugged, Emma's eyes drop. FOCUS CHANGES TO --
speaker_heading: 165ABOVE HER
text: A giant spiral HYPNODISC WHIRRS, creating trippy black and white zig
text: zag op-art effects a la Bridget Riley.
text: She blinks.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: 166SAME SCENE - LATER
text: Steed is gone. Dr. Darling leans over her. Emma stares at the
text: hypnodisc. Closes her eyes.
scene_heading: 167EXTREME CLOSEUP ON HER EYES
text: Thousand REMs per sec -- a tiny chip next to her eyes, transmitting out
dialog: via wires to --
speaker_heading: 168UP ON WALL
text: A "Dreamscape" apparatus like a liquid TV screen flicks thru random
text: images from Emma's unconscious. Peter Peel -- Teddy Bears -- post card
dialog: views -- childhood
dialog: snaps --
speaker_heading: 169BESIDE "BED"
text: Dr. Darling furls his hand over Emma's, his fingers resting upon her
text: ring. During the interrogation, he soothingly strokes her hand --
text: tries to remove the ring without arousing her suspicion. Pulls gently
text: on it.
scene_heading: 170UP IN GALLERY
text: In his wheelchair, Mother sits beside Steed.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: This man -- did you see him?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: No. Her husband, she says. Alice
dialog: tried to warn us. A trap. Tell
dialog: Mother beware. Tell Father
dialog: That's all.
speaker_heading: 171BY COUCH
text: Dr. Darling leans forward to interrogate Emma.
speaker_heading: 172FROM HER POV
text: He looks and sounds sinister. From a corner of her eye, she sees -- a
text: clip of keys hanging from his pocket.
text: 173BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: I want you to say the first thing
dialog: that comes into your head when I
dialog: say these words. Do you
dialog: understand ... ?
dialog: (as she nods)
dialog: Blue ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ... bottle ...
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: Red ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ... head ...
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: White ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Knight ...
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: Black...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ... death ...
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: Love...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ... death ...
text: Steed watching, listening ...
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: Flower ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ... power ...
text: The exchange speeds up. Unknown to Dr. Darling, Emma picks his keys;
text: unlocks her straps.
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: Nature ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ... preserve...
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: Secret ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ... love...
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: Hope...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ... love ...
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: Fear ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ... love ...
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: Peter ...
text: As Emma talks, the "Dreamscape" plucks images from her unconscious in
text: trippy psychedelic rush: faces -- colors -- patterns flash past.
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: ... Piper picked a peck of pickled
text: peppers how many pecks of pickled
dialog: peppers did Peter Peel -- ?
speaker_heading: 174CLOSEUP - EMMA
text: Quietly unclicks a lock. She stops in mid-gabble.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How long have I been here?
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: Three days.
text: Emma unlocks her straps. Sits Up. Woozy.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Do you get paid by the hour?
text: Dr. Darling is shocked, indignant. Emma rips wires from her body. The
text: "Dreamscape" machine winds down. Up in the gallery --
text: BAM -- ! Mother bashes his metal cane on the railings
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: You are here under observation,
dialog: Mrs. Peel. You must answer Dr.
dialog: Darling's questions
text: Pushes Dr. Darling aside.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I resign.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: You need treatment, Mrs. Peel. You
dialog: can't resign.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Watch me.
text: Emma staggers. Mother looks at Steed. Who snaps himself out of
text: staring at the hypnodisc.
text: Emma heads for the airlock door marked:
scene_heading: "ANTI-GRAVITY CHAMBER -- NO ADMITTANCE"
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don't open that, Mrs. Peel!
dialog: Fat chance ... she goes in ...
scene_heading: 175INT. ANTI-GRAVITY CHAMBER
text: Emma floats in the air, as Mother, Dr. Darling and Steed all follow.
text: And float helplessly, turning around madly. Trying to gain on Emma.
text: Mother's wheelchair, Steed's umbrella and bowler, all tumble thru the
text: air as Steed tries to reach the "OFF" switch
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (echoing)
dialog: What are you trying to do to me?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (flailing)
dialog: We want to help...!
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I thought I was a widow. My
dialog: husband ... the only man I ever
dialog: loved ... is dead. For the rest
dialog: of my life I have to live with
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: The death of Peter Peel was a
dialog: great loss. To us all ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: To you ... ?
text: Mother looks at Emma. He's let the cat out the bag. Steed finds the
text: "OFF" switch. They all tumble to the floor, Mother landing perfectly in
dialog: his wheelchair,
text: Steed effortlessly catching his hat and umbrella. He moves to Mother -
dialog: -
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I think you owe Mrs. Peel an
dialog: explanation ...
text: Steed stares Mother out. Who delivers his revelations.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Peter Peel was a first class agent.
text: A senior operative.
dialog: 'X' department Special operations.
dialog: He was engaged in top secret research.
dialog: Top priority. Government approved.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: The Institute ... the funding ...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: A cover ... for us.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm sorry...
text: A turning moment for Emma. A life lived on a lie.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: So all that time. Our work, our research
dialog: was for you ... for this? And the
dialog: accident --
speaker_heading: DARLING
dialog: It was no accident.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: The official investigation ...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: ... was written by me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It was sabotage, Mrs. Peel.
text: Deadly serious, Emma walks over to him.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Quite frankly ... it could have
dialog: been you.
text: Silence. Emma looks away, shocked. Steed intervenes
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: You're accusing Mrs. Peel of
dialog: killing her own husband?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Her husband suspected someone very
dialog: close to the operation. On the day he
text: died, he was setting a test.
dialog: To prove to himself -- to us that his
dialog: wife was beyond suspicion. He had to
dialog: be certain. He said he was going to
dialog: give Mrs. Peel something ...
text: Emma keeps staring at Mother, fingers her diamond ring.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: ... I want you to remember. Did
dialog: Peter give you anything on-that
dialog: day?
speaker_heading: 176CLOSEUP - EMMA
text: touches her ring.
text: 177BACK TO SCENE
text: Emma looks up at Mother. A barefaced lie.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No.
text: Steed notices Emma touch her ring nervously.
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: He said if it vanished, he'd know
dialog: it was ... you who betrayed him.
dialog: He took a huge risk. The ultimate
dialog: test.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: So I'm still ...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: Under suspicion. Everyone died in
dialog: the explosion, Mrs. Peel. You were
dialog: the only survivor ...
text: Mother waits. Emma turns round. Looks fiercely at him. Mother shifts
text: uneasily as Emma walks past him to the airlock.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: This is an official matter, Mrs.
dialog: Peel. No need to take it
dialog: personally. Where are you going?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: To find out who killed my husband.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: The doors and walls are monitored,
dialog: Mrs. Peel. This is a very secure
dialog: establishment.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: So am I.
text: Emma pushes open the doors. Walks out. Down a corridor. Dr. Darling
text: grabs Mother, as he exits with Steed --
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: She must remain here. She's
dialog: highly dangerous.
scene_heading: 178IN HALL - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Mother exits with Steed; they watch Emma going ...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Pity. I was growing fond of Mrs.
dialog: Peel. Unfortunately --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Guilty until proven innocent?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Mother and Father know best.
text: Mother wheels himself off. Then stops; over his shoulder:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Something quick. Nothing too ...
dialog: messy.
scene_heading: ON Steed. CAR ROAR over as --
scene_heading: 179EXT. COUNTRYSIDE CLINIC - DAY
text: Emma drives a hot-wired Morris Minor out the open gates of the manor
text: house, past a sign which reads:
scene_heading: "WINSLOW HOME FOR RETIRED LEPIDOPTORISTS" (Butterfly logo)
text: In the b.g., a couple of old-timers race around with butterfly nets as
text: Steed's jag pulls past them in hot pursuit.
scene_heading: 180EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Emma speeds down lanes ...
text: Followed at a safe distance by Steed in his SS100.
scene_heading: 181INT. STEED'S JAG - DAY
text: Steed looks: a bleep on his radar screen tracks the --
scene_heading: 182CLOSEUP - CONCEALED MICRO-BUG - INTERCUT
text: on Emma's shoulder as she drives ...
scene_heading: 183EXT. LANES - DAY
text: The cars whiz past ...
scene_heading: 184INT. STEED'S JAG - DAY
text: Keeping an eye on his radar and the road, Steed switches on the radio.
dialog: The weather forecast:
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: '... Sunny intervals leading to
text: sudden storms and gale warnings
dialog: for all areas.
dialog: (as he frowns)
text: ... Outbursts of rain, scattered
text: hailstorms and freezing fog
dialog: greeted the World Council of
dialog: Ministers as they arrived in
dialog: London for their conference ...'
text: Emma drives into a churchyard. Steed follows her ...
scene_heading: 185INT. COUNTRY CHURCH - DAY
text: A medieval country church. Sunlight streams through stained glass,
text: illumining Emma as Steed watches her lay --
text: A red rose by an altar tomb: an ornate mausoleum two hands clasped in
text: a pose of eternal sleep: Peter Peel.
text: Emma pauses, as in the b.g., choirboys sing hymn practice. Steed
text: watches Emma move away, toward the door. He drops a hymn book. Emma
text: swivels round -- sees Steed.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You followed me.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Orders.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: To kill me?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (fractional pause)
dialog: Nothing personal.
text: Emma smiles. Then turns, and --
text: Runs! Steed follows Emma through a door to --
scene_heading: 186INT. CHURCH BELL TOWER - DAY
text: Steed enters, glimpses --
text: Emma above. He follows her. Hears her footsteps. Trip- trapping up
text: the spiral staircase. Steed listens, follows.
speaker_heading: 187UP BELLTOWER
text: From below, Steed hears a BELL RING. A FLUTTER of BIRDS. As debris
text: falls down -- Steed runs up stairs, reaches --
scene_heading: 188EXT. BELLTOWER TOP - DAY
text: BELL still RINGING. At the top, a sheer drop. Steed edges closer to
text: the ledge. Looks. A long way down.
dialog: From behind --
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: A long way down.
text: Steed swivels. Sees Emma blocking his path. Cool menace. Steed steps
text: away from the edge, Emma circles him.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Careful. You might fall.
text: Emma steps to the edge. Steed freezes. Emma locks down. Feet resting
text: on the ledge. Rocking to and fro ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I could save you the trouble.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: No trouble.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Because you always obey orders ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Always.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Except ...
text: Steed nears her. Emma pushes herself right to the edge.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Yes ... ?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: ... when I don't. It comes down to one
dialog: thing, Mrs. Peel. Trust.
text: Steed reaches out for her. Holds out his hand.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: And do you trust me?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I could be convinced, if ... I knew who
dialog: poisoned me in the maze. That kiss ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It wasn't me; you have my word.
text: Steed snatches her from the edge, holds her in his arms.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I need proof.
text: Emma thinks. Looks at him. Deadly serious. Their eyes lock. She
text: hesitates, then pecks him on the cheek.
speaker_heading: STEED
text: It was longer. On the lips.
text: Emma hesitates. Then a kiss on the lips. Longer. But not much.
text: Steed grabs her hand, pulls her back.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Much longer. Approximately ...
dialog: fifteen seconds.
text: Emma harumphs, exasperated. Moves closer to him.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ... Ready?
text: Steed nods. Emma leans forward. A full kiss. At first reticent ...
text: Emma looks at her watch. Counts seconds ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ... Four ... seven ... ni-...
text: Then ... forgets. Warmer, more relenting. Edging towards passionate.
text: They stay embracing for fifteen seconds ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (aroused)
dialog: Mmm ... what are you doing?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Keeping a stiff upper lip?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Is that all?
text: The kiss continues couple of seconds longer. Before Emma withdraws.
text: With an effort, she regains her composure. A long silence.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: So I'm in the clear?
text: Steed savors the kiss. No reply. His smile says it all.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: But you did suspect me.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Not for a moment.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You're playing games.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Aren't we all, Mrs. Peel?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I thought you played by the rules.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I thought you didn't.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'm playing to win.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Winning isn't everything.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Please don't tell me it's how you
dialog: play the game.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (smiles; stands
dialog: aside)
dialog: After you -- Mrs. Peel ...
text: Steed motions down the stairs. It's close to the edge.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No, after you.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (back to square
dialog: one)
dialog: You don't trust me?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: As far as you trust me.
text: Emma motions. Steed goes down, passes close to the edge, and swivels
text: round nervously. Emma reads his thoughts.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: When it happens, Steed, you'll be
dialog: the first to know ...
text: With this comforting thought, Steed descends first.
scene_heading: 189EXT. CHURCH TOWER - DAY
text: As Steed and Emma exit from the tower, they see --
text: A tranquil village scene. Choirboys walk out from the church. Nearby
text: in the deserted village street. A red PHONE BOX. Which ...
text: RING-RING ... Starts to RING.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Who could that be?
text: A ROLL of THUNDER. Steed looks up: a clear sky. He's puzzled.
text: Suddenly suspicious. As Emma moves to the phone.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: No -- don't answer it ...
text: He pulls her back. Emma looks at him.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: That's it. The phones trigger
dialog: the explosions --
text: RING-RING ... Another ROLL of THUNDER. Steed connects the two as -- an
text: angelic CHOIRBOY walks towards the phone ...
text: RING-RING ... A LOUDER ROLL of THUNDER. As the Choirboy nears the
dialog: PHONE, Steed shouts --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Don't -- don't answer it -- !
speaker_heading: 190CLOSEUP - PHONE
text: RING-RING -- the PHONE in the f.g. as the choirboy closes in, opens the
dialog: door --
speaker_heading: 191INSIDE PHONE BOX
text: The door shuts. Noise muffled. The Choirboy can't hear Steed and
text: Emma's shouted warnings, as he lifts his hand up, and --
speaker_heading: 192OUTSIDE
text: Steed sees him reach out, warns the vicar and choirboys.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Get down -- get down -- it's
dialog: going to explode -- !
text: Steed and Emma, all the choirboys hit the dirt, as
speaker_heading: 193INSIDE PHONE BOX
text: The Choirboy grabs the phone, and lifts it up, and
dialog: Silence.
text: No explosion. A few seconds pass. Steed and everyone
text: are down on the ground. As they see --
speaker_heading: 194FROM PHONE BOX
text: -- the Choirboy leaves the phone hanging. He gets out, scans the
text: crowd. Then walks calmly over to Steed, who's still prone.
speaker_heading: CHOIRBOY
dialog: It's your mother.
text: The vicar and choirboys look on sympathetically, as --
text: Steed dusts himself off. Emma and everyone gets up. Steed goes to the
text: phone box, takes the call.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Mother? How did you find me?
text: His expression changes as he listens. Emma goes to the phone box as
text: Steed rings off. He emerges from the box.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I told Mother I took care of you.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You lied.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I equivocated. But you're not
dialog: their big worry at present. It's
dialog: Dr. Darling: he's disappeared ...
dialog: OFF Emma's reaction to this news --
scene_heading: 195INT. HALLUCINOGEN HALL - DAY
text: Inside the upper room, in front of a mirror --
text: With his back turned to us. Dr. Darling holds something in his hand,
dialog: and waits as --
speaker_heading: 196DOWN LONG HALL
text: Bad "Emma" walks over. She stands in front of him.
text: Blank expression. Dr. Darling hardly even looks up. With her hair up,
text: we recognize on her neck a tattoo: Z424.
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: We are in the final phase. I shall require
dialog: you to be especially obedient. There
dialog: must be no failures.
scene_heading: 197CLOSEUP - IN HIS HANDS - SNOWSHAKER
text: which he grips tightly. As --
speaker_heading: 198IN MIRROR
text: a metamorphosis. His features melt and bubble, a mask of plastic
text: surgery and it's slipping around like Michael Jackson's face under
text: kleig lights. He adjusts it, then ...
text: Shakes the snowshaker ...
scene_heading: 199EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: THUNDER as the sky darkens -- PAN DOWN to reveal:
text: Steed's Jag, zooming through country lanes. Rain starts.
scene_heading: 200INT. JAG - DAY
text: Steed driving, winces with the drizzle.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Drat. Someone wants to implicate
dialog: you in this affair, Mrs. Peel.
dialog: Any idea who?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No idea who. No idea why ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (thinks)
text: Teddy bears, cuckoo clocks, toys
dialog: All children's things ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ... Or grown-ups, who still like
dialog: to be children.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Quite. Any childhood friends?
dialog: Enemies?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Not to speak of. Peter and I
dialog: were both loners. There was
dialog: nobody.
text: Steed thinks; sighs.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Very well. I have a friend who
dialog: might be of assistance. He's at
dialog: the Ministry. We'd better be
dialog: careful.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'm a wanted woman, I know ...
scene_heading: 201INT. MINISTRY CORRIDORS - DAY
text: Through a door marked "Information & Counter Espionage" --
text: -- walks Steed with another man in identical clothes: dapper Savile
text: Row suit, umbrella and bowler. Which is
text: Emma Peel, in disguise. Steed furtively checks passers-by.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: His name's Jones. 'Invisible' Jones.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Why's he called 'Invisible'?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: You'll find out.
text: At a door marked "Information -- Col. I. Jones." Steed knocks, opens
text: the door for her.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Aren't you coming?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I'll catch you up. Don't worry;
dialog: he's expecting you.
text: Emma goes in as Steed walks down the corridor.
scene_heading: 202INT. MINISTRY OFFICE - DAY
text: A room full of archives and files. Emma walks through tall corridors,
text: stacks of cabinets full of old paper.
text: Dusty, musty and mildewing. Long forgotten. Nobody there. Suddenly
dialog: Emma
dialog: hears --
speaker_heading: FOOTSTEPS.
text: She follows them. Round stacks, round corners. The FOOTSTEPS get
text: LOUDER. She's closing in. The FOOTSTEPS get LOUDER, until up ahead of
dialog: her --
text: A filing cabinet drawer opens up. On its own.
text: Emma watches as a file pops up, floats through air. The drawer slams
text: shut. Still nobody there. Emma follows the file to a --
text: Desk. Emma watches as -- the chair swivels round. The file pages open
text: up. Then the phone lifts up by itself, a voice:
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: Tell Miss Proudfoot, no calls.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Colonel Jones at your service,
dialog: Mrs. Peel. Just a moment --
text: Emma looks ahead of her. To the chair. As --
text: A desk drawer opens up, a pipe is whisked through the air, a match is
text: struck. The pipe lights; smoke belches forth.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: Talk to the pipe, Mrs. Peel.
dialog: That usually helps. Don't worry
dialog: about me being invisible. Other
dialog: than that I'm perfectly normal.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: Or rather, you don't. Learnt the
dialog: tricks in camouflage. Till this
dialog: accident made a prang of things.
dialog: How can I help you, Mrs. Peel?
scene_heading: 203INT. MINISTRY - ANOTHER OFFICE
text: Steed on the phone.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I say, Trubshaw, Steed here ...
text: Barometer's falling fast. Mrs.
dialog: Peel and I find ourselves in
dialog: need of foul weather gear.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes, I'd say gentlemen's snuff
dialog: for starters. And then --
scene_heading: 204INT. INVISIBLE JONES' OFFICE
text: File pages flip through the air as Jones goes through them.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: Ah, here we are. Steed asked me
dialog: to play a hunch: Valentine Peel.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Peter's brother? But --
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: Half-brother to be precise.
text: Emma is surprised.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: Now let's see ... Eton, Cambridge ...
dialog: research into robotics and plastics.
text: Overtaken by Peter's work on the
dialog: physics of climate change ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I know all this.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: Do you also know that during your
dialog: final experiment, your halfbrother-
dialog: in-law was under surveillance?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Surveillance? By whom?
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: Father. She gave him an 'all clear'
text: after a security test by Dr. Darling.
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: Who's now vanished.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: Makes two of us.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Are you suggesting that Dr. Darling
dialog: and Valentine were somehow in this
dialog: together? But that's absurd.
text: Steed enters behind them on the run --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: We must hurry, Mrs. Peel ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Hurry? What for? I'm just
dialog: now --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: You didn't tell her?
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: (testy)
dialog: I was getting to it.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Getting to what?
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: The World Council of Ministers meets
dialog: tomorrow to convene the new global
dialog: defense initiative --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I fail to see --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: There's a reception this evening. Colonel
dialog: Jones thinks it advisable we attend.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Have we been invited?
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: (poker-voiced)
dialog: Under the circumstances Mother didn't
dialog: see fit, but I think I can get you in ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (surveys her male
dialog: outfit)
dialog: Well, I can't possibly go like this.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I had a feeling. That's why we're
dialog: in a hurry ...
text: Steed proffers an arm to Emma.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: May I have the honor, Mrs. Peel?
text: She decides, takes his arm.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You may, Mr. Steed.
text: The A-team is born. Steed and Emma tip their hats to Jones.
scene_heading: 205EXT. LONDON STREETS - SEVERAL ANGLES - NIGHT
text: Troops rushing in to take up defense positions. Searchlights pierce
text: the cloudy sky. A protective ring of hardware surrounds the hall.
scene_heading: 206INT. MOTHER'S 22 BUS (AKA INSIDE MOBILE HQ) - NIGHT
text: At the controls, Brenda looks on. She hands a bag of jelly babies to
text: Mother. Who picks out his favorites, as he gives a briefing to Father
text: and others, sitting in
dialog: passenger seats --
text: ORDERS BARKED OUTSIDE as --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Inside that hall are some of the
dialog: Most powerful figures in the
dialog: world. Tight security. Our
dialog: only option.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I'll see to it personally.
text: Brenda glances over at Father's imperturbable face. As --
scene_heading: 207EXT. PALACE (WESTMINSTER) - NIGHT
text: Wind picking up. Outside the grand palace hall for the reception of
text: the World Council of Ministers, guards stand on duty. Barriers,
text: flashing lights. Nobody gets past,
dialog: except --
scene_heading: 208INT. PALACE (WESTMINSTER) - NIGHT
text: Up in the gallery, Steed and Emma enter through a secret passage behind
text: a painting. He with bowler and umbrella. She in black leather and
text: boots. They find themselves in
text: a niche and freeze, very close to one another. Steed sniff s ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: What's that you're wearing?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It's called Black Leather.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Intoxicating. Here, have one of
dialog: these.
text: He fumbles with a bulging jacket pocket
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Limpet bomb. Small, very
dialog: compact. From Trubshaw's.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (hocks it on
dialog: belt)
dialog: When all this is over, we simply
dialog: must get you out of that suit.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: You first.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Shall we?
text: She leads the way through marble halls, arched galleries, red velvet
text: carpets, glittering chandeliers. From the hall, a SPEECH ECHOES:
speaker_heading: MINISTER (V.O.)
dialog: ... In the uncertain climate that threatens
dialog: this global initiative, no magic umbrella
dialog: can shield us.
text: Steed checks out his own.
speaker_heading: MINISTER (V.O.)
dialog: Only our own vigilance. Security and
dialog: stability are our watchwords.
speaker_heading: APPLAUSE.
text: Steed pauses, offers Emma a small silver box. Inside...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Trubshaw again? What now?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Snuff.
dialog: (off Emma's lock)
dialog: I must insist you try some.
dialog: Steed takes some; Emma follows his example. Weird. Does it make you
text: high? They walk on, open doors to --
scene_heading: 209INT. PALACE HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: An empty gallery. Steed and Emma peer down at a --
scene_heading: 210MARBLE HALLWAY
text: A black and white floor. Butlers move across like surreal chess
text: pieces. Otherwise, empty. A chamber ensemble plays "The Merry Widow"
text: waltz, which floats through empty halls.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: They're playing your song, Mrs.
dialog: Peel.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: 'The Merry Widow?' I might have
dialog: known. Where's the reception?
text: They move cautiously forward as
scene_heading: 211EXT. LONDON STREETS - NIGHT
text: Outside, snow begins to fall. Trees and buildings shimmer under a
text: light layer of white. A Christmassy glow --
dialog: Even troops play with snowflakes, until --
speaker_heading: 212SEVERAL ANGLES
text: The wind rises. The snow falls harder.
scene_heading: 213INT. PALACE - NIGHT
text: Down in the hallway, Steed and Emma search for the Ministers. They
text: head down a corridor, then hear a NOISE. They hide behind pillers. As
dialog: --
text: Butlers walk past in military file, carrying elaborate displays of
dialog: lobster and meats. Steed steals --
text: A chicken leg. Nibbles on it. Suddenly another door opens -- Emma
text: hides. Steed looks up to see -- Father "staring" at him.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Oh, hello ...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: We want Mrs. Peel.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Dead, I'm afraid.
text: Emma in hiding, listens as --
speaker_heading: FATHER (O.S.)
dialog: You disobeyed an order, Steed.
dialog: Mrs. Peel is dangerous; she cannot
dialog: be trusted.
text: Emma looks out the window behind her; eyes widen ... back to --
speaker_heading: STEED (O.S.)
dialog: I think she can.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can you?
text: Emma is deeply affected by Steed's choice.
text: Father's face, meantime, has turned to stone.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I shall summon security.
text: She turns, almost walks into the door as she slips away.
text: Emma returns as the ALARM is raised --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Bad news. Father's looking for you.
dialog: Where are those bloody ministers?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Have a look at this.
text: She leads him to the window: sure enough -- heavy snow.
text: Steed reacts, eyes wide.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: It's almost May, for heaven sake.
scene_heading: 214EXT. LONDON STREETS - NIGHT
text: The blizzard rages through streets --
text: Now impassable. Snow drifts block roads. White mountains of snow
text: start to climb up shop fronts. And amid the sky --
text: Filled with snowflakes, up round the roofs, a purple cloud descends on
dialog: unsuspecting troops --
scene_heading: 215INT. PALACE - NIGHT
text: Steed returns, rushes across the marble halls --
text: To Emma. But up ahead, sees --
scene_heading: 216STEED'S POV - FROM WINDOWS
text: A purple fog seeping into the hallway, billowing through the corridors
dialog: as --
scene_heading: 217INT. PALACE ANTEROOM - NIGHT
text: Inside an anteroom, like a Roman arena -- marble pillars, red carpet,
dialog: golden walls, ceiling murals --
text: The World Council ministers assemble: slick pin-striped suits or
dialog: African robes, Chinese Mao-suits, Indian Nehru-jackets, all
text: distinguished men and women, surrounded by --
text: Fussing officials, minor dignitaries, and butlers, bowing and weaving a
text: web of diplomatic protocol, interrupted by --
speaker_heading: 218CENTER OF HALL
text: The sight of Emma Peel in black leather.
text: She strides into the room. Picks a glass of champagne from a passing
text: butler. All stare, Emma raises her glass --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Gentlemen, ladies. Forgive the breach
dialog: of protocol. An emergency --
text: From the hallway -- BOOM -- ! The door bursts open, Emma is blown over
text: by the blast as the purple cloud races inside.
speaker_heading: 219SEVERAL ANGLES
text: as the smoke furls around the ministers, they choke, fall.
text: From the doors -- Steed leaps in, gives Emma another snort of snuff --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Quick --it'll protect you --
text: Emma inhales. Now immune to the gas, Steed and Emma hear -- CRASH -- !
text: They see -- through thick cloud -a mysterious man in a white lab coat,
text: wearing a gas mask, leading a group of butlers, all in gas masks --
text: heads like black flies -- in formation round the ministers, helpless on
dialog: the floor. A kidnapping --
text: The man and butlers haul away several ministers, and --
text: Escape from the rear doors. The butlers form a guard to protect the
dialog: man.
text: Steed and Emma run after them. More butlers pursue.
scene_heading: 220EXT. PALACE - NIGHT
text: As troops roll helplessly in the snow-covered purple haze, the butlers
text: load the ministers onto waiting choppers as --
scene_heading: 221INT. MOTHER'S HQ - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Mother, Brenda, et al choke on purple smoke in the bus ...
scene_heading: 222INT. PALACE HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Behind pillars, Steed and Emma hide as --
text: Butlers in gas masks patrol the halls. A butler passes them without
text: noticing. They try to emerge. But another patrols --
text: Steed trips the butler with his umbrella, then chops him down on the
text: ground. He rises but Emma kicks him into as --
text: Behind them Steed sees the lab-coated man escape up the stairs,
text: protected by a posse of butlers. He shouts --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: After him, Mrs. Peel!
text: A whole posse of butlers then advances. Steed faces them.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Go -- !
text: Emma hesitates. Then turns, heads for an ornate dual shaft elevator.
text: She bangs the button, gets inside, doors shut, as the BULLETS from
text: MACHINE-GUNNING gas-masked butlers strike the brass door as --
text: Steed whips his rapier from his umbrella and duels with the butlers.
text: To give Emma time, he uses every trick and prop at his disposal, plus,
dialog: brute force to --
text: Kick, chop, punch, and impale them into submission, as --
scene_heading: 223EXT. ELEVATOR (UPPER FLOORS) - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: The posse of butlers fan out on to keep pace with Emma. They head
text: upstairs, pressing elevator "CALL" buttons on every floor, as --
speaker_heading: 224INSIDE ELEVATOR
text: Emma waits inside. Until she reaches --
scene_heading: 225EXT. ELEVATOR (2ND FLOOR) - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Doors open. A HAIL of BULLETS hit the lift as Emma hides to one side
text: until the doors close.
scene_heading: 226INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Emma sighs with relief. COOL HUM as the ELEVATOR rises.
scene_heading: 227ON STAIRS - MEANWHILE
text: Steed gaining on the butlers, heading for the stairs, as --
scene_heading: 228INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: At the next floor, the doors open --
text: Two butlers rush inside. BLAM -- ! Emma cuts one in the throat with
dialog: an elbow punch, then --
text: Punches -- kicks -- stabs the other butler, a more brutish type, who
text: recovers enough to grab Emma by the throat.
text: She chokes, breaks his stranglehold, swerves him round, gains a nelson
text: hold on his arms and throat --
dialog: And a knee in his back in time for --
text: PING! The BELL RINGS at --
dialog: 3rd floor where --
text: Emma spins her captive butler round, in time to face --
dialog: Whooomph! a blast of fire from --
text: A flamethrower launched in the hall.
dialog: Aaargh -- ! The butler gets fried, but --
scene_heading: 229EXT. ELEVATOR (3RD FLOOR) - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Shields Emma from the worst of the blast. She hurls him clear of the
dialog: doors, which --
scene_heading: 230INT. ELEVATORS - CONTINUOS ACTION
text: Slam shut. COOL HUM ...
scene_heading: 231EXT. PALACE MAIN FLOOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Steed continues his one-sided duel with the other butlers, skewering
text: madly, trying to get upstairs to help Emma...
scene_heading: 232INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Up Emma goes. Looks for an escape route. Bangs on the walls. No trap
text: doors. No secret panels. The "floor" light flickers between floors.
dialog: Waiting, until ...
scene_heading: 233EXT. ELEVATOR (4TH FLOOR) - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: The doors open. A grenade is hurled inside the doors, it rolls to one
text: corner, Emma dives to the other side, then --
text: Scrambles for the grenade. Picks it up. It slips out of her hands.
text: Scrambles more. It slips out ...
text: Just beyond the elevator doors. Which start to shut. Emma leans out a
text: foot, kicks the grenade towards the butlers, and --
text: As her elevator doors close --
text: BOOM -- ! It EXPLODES among the butlers, one of whom --
dialog: Rushes to --
scene_heading: 234ELEVATOR (5TH FLOOR) - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Where he waits for the elevator. Removes pin. Grenade ready. The
text: light PINGS. Doors open. About to throw it inside, when --
speaker_heading: 235BUTLER'S POV
dialog: No Emma.
text: 236BACK TO SCENE
text: The butler hesitates. Looks inside. Still no Emma? He wonders what
dialog: to do, and --
text: The doors shut; he jams his foot. The doors open again. He moves in -
dialog: -
scene_heading: 237INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION
dialog: -- and looks round. Nobody there. Until, as we --
text: PULL BACK UP to reveal -- FROM ABOVE, spread-eagled like an X on the
text: elevator roof, limbs flexed against the walls is --
text: Emma, who -- drops down and --
text: Scissors the butler's head between her legs.
text: The grenade rolls free ...
text: Emma twists around, grabs his ears, and --
text: Sits on his face. Buries his head in her crotch. A muffled sound from
dialog: the guy, until --
text: Emma scissor kicks, breaking his neck. She drags --
scene_heading: 238EXT. ELEVATOR (67H FLOOR) - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: His head out. Leaving his neck between the doors. So as she leaps
text: out, heads up for the stairs, the elevators doors.
text: SLAM! And -- BOOM! His GRENADE rocks the elevator, which
scene_heading: 239INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - ABOVE AND BELOW - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Breaks from its ropes, and --
text: Plummets down the elevator shaft, shaking the building as it crashes --
scene_heading: 240INT. PALACE STAIRS - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Everything shakes with the impact of the elevator as Steed battles his
text: way up, step by step, throwing gas-masked butlers over his shoulder as
dialog: he struggles...
scene_heading: 241INT. PALACE ATTIC - NIGHT
text: Up the winding staircase, at the top, a skylight, which --
text: Flips open. The man leaps out, throwing back inside a smoke grenade,
text: and locks the skylight. As the grenade --
scene_heading: 242INT. NARROW STAIRCASE
text: BOOM! explodes in the narrow staircase, fills it with purple smoke.
text: Emma rushes thru smoke, choking. She gets to the skylight, tries to
dialog: open it -- locked.
text: A moment's panic. Then Emma -- punches a hole in the glass, flicks the
text: switch, flips the skylight up, and --
text: Emerges into the night air. Snowflakes tumble around her.
scene_heading: 243EXT. ROOFTOP - HELIPAD - NIGHT
text: Blades whirling. Amid the blizzard, the man ready to escape in a
text: super-fab streamlined whirly chopper ...
text: Another assassin attacks Emma, pins her on her back, overlooking the
text: city. Stands up before her --
text: Emma held back over gargoyle, over now snow white city ... Knees
text: assassin in balls. Flicks him backwards ...
text: As his body hurtles down into the snow-covered streets, Emma rushes
dialog: forward.
dialog: But too late: sees --
text: The chopper -- about to take off.
scene_heading: 244FROM INSIDE CHOPPER
text: The gas-masked MAN in the white lab coat:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Goodbye, Mrs. Peel!
scene_heading: 245EXT. ROOFTOP
text: The chopper rises slowly.
text: Emma looks. A fifteen foot leap ... Impossible.
scene_heading: 246FROM INSIDE CHOPPER
text: A farewell wave from the gas-masked man.
speaker_heading: 247CLOSEUP - EMMA
text: contemplating the jump, beneath falling snowflakes, as the distance
dialog: grows.
speaker_heading: 248EMMA'S POV
text: The rope/chain ladder coils into the chopper's belly.
scene_heading: 249INT. CHOPPER - NIGHT
text: Above London rooftops, after dark --
text: The man (still wears gas mask) the Pilot, CO-PILOT and a Butler
text: (ditto). From the chopper, a giddy look down thru a glass command
text: module. A fairy tale, snow white city.
text: OVER the RADIO, interference. A changing of stations. Then a CRACKLY
dialog: broadcast of "The Merry Widow."
text: As the WALTZ serenades them high above the city --
text: a KNOCKING from outside on the door --
text: Surprised reactions. The Butler opens the door, sees --
text: Emma hanging onto the helicopter struts. The Butler is too dumbstruck
dialog: to say anything.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (shouts, re: the
dialog: gas mask)
dialog: Anyone ever tell you you look
dialog: like a housefly?
text: Emma grabs his epauletted shoulder, yanks him up, flicks him out --
text: The Butler is jerked out -- flies into the open air. Emma watches him
dialog: fall ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Anyone else need a lift?
text: The white-coated Man moves forward, but Emma is out, slamming the door,
dialog: still clinging ...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (to Pilot; intercom)
dialog: Can't you throw her off?
text: The Pilot nods, works controls, the chopper dips as --
text: Blam -- ! a kinky leather boot crashes --
text: Into the Pilot's face as Emma kicks in the GLASS from the front of the
text: chopper, SMASHES so the Pilots can't see -- a sudden rush of cold air -
dialog: -
text: The INSTRUMENT PANELS WHIRR round as the Pilots struggle for control --
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (intercom)
dialog: Where'd she go?
scene_heading: 250EXT. CHOPPER TOP - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT
text: with the blades whirling directly over her head, Emma crawls over the
text: top of the chopper and lets herself down the other side as London's
text: lights twinkle beneath ...
text: As the Co-Pilot pokes his head out of the cockpit --
text: Emma grabs him with one hand, hoists him up into the air --
text: The Co-Pilot dangles over the city. Grabs Emma. Slithers back onto
text: the cockpit. Pistol whips her. Emma crunches back onto the metal.
text: Blades whirring close!
text: The co-Pilot peers into her eyes from inside the gas mask --
speaker_heading: CO-PILOT
dialog: Happy landings, Mrs. Peel.
text: He raises his hand, ready to hit her again, Emma yanks him up, where
text: his head getssliced off by the blades -- body and head fall away
dialog: separately ...
text: As Emma reacts, her legs are grabbed from below and the white-coated
text: Man pulls her down the side of the chopper --
text: Emma falls, but manages a flying handhold, hangs onto the chain wire
text: below the chopper. As --
scene_heading: 251EXT. WIDE ANGLE - NIGHT
text: The Pilot and his passenger zoom at low level over buildings. Trying
dialog: to dislodge Emma ...
speaker_heading: 252THEIR POV
text: Thru the blizzard, zooming down streets, landmark buildings looming up
text: topped in snow, feet up ... shinnying up the chain wire ...
text: "THE MERRY WIDOW WALTZ," no longer heard as old record or ensemble
text: arrangement but enormous, for FULL ORCHESTRA ...
speaker_heading: 253CLOSEUP - EMMA
text: grimly hoists herself up along the struts again, hand over hand, coming
text: up to the cockpit from behind --
text: 254BACK TO SCENE
text: With a sudden movement, she yanks the Pilot out from behind and he goes
text: flying towards eternity on his own.
text: The chopper out of control as the white-coated Man is left to fly it
dialog: himself ...
speaker_heading: 255IN NIGHT AIR
text: "THE MERRY WIDOW" BOOMS, the chopper lurches, spinning round -- up and
text: down, over spiraling corkscrews, an insane waltz ...
scene_heading: 256INT. CHOPPER - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT
text: The white-coated Man gets control ...
scene_heading: 257EXT. CHOPPER - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT
text: Zig-zags down a narrow street, trying to smash Emma into sides of
dialog: windows.
speaker_heading: 258SEVERAL ANGLES
text: as Emma bounces of buildings, holding on for dear life ...
scene_heading: 259EXT. WIDE ANGLE OVER THAMES - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT
text: The chopper dips down, dragging Emma through icy water ...
text: Up ahead ... Tower Bridge ... twin peaks ... a firework display going
text: on ... rockets and lights in the sky thru snowflakes ...
text: Emma sees the bridge coming, reaches down and --
speaker_heading: 260CLOSEUP SHOT
text: Detaches her pocket limpet bomb and lobs it into the chopper cockpit.
speaker_heading: 261HER POV
text: The bridge looms up, chopper rising to cross it as Emma leaps onto the
dialog: bridge!
scene_heading: 262INT. CHOPPER - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT
text: The Man sees the bomb ...
text: Also flings himself onto the bridge as --
dialog: Against b.g. of the fireworks display --
scene_heading: 263WIDE ANGLE - TOWER BRIDGE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT
text: BOOM! -- the CHOPPER EXPLODES. Ball of flames. The crowd roars in
dialog: appreciation ... great fireworks!
scene_heading: 264EXT. TOP OF TOWER BRIDGE WALKWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT
text: Emma picks herself up, sees the Man in the white lab coat and runs for
dialog: him.
dialog: He runs too -- towards --
speaker_heading: 265ANOTHER CHOPPER
text: which unloads a rope ladder as Emma puts on every ounce of steam ...
text: The Man reaches for the dangling ladder --
dialog: but --
scene_heading: 266CLOSEUP - ON HIS FOOT
text: stuck, wedged between narrow battlements.
scene_heading: 267BACK TO SCENE
text: The Man looks at his shoe, at Emma charging towards him, at the rope
text: ladder. He pulls his foot out of his shoe and grabs the ladder,
text: sailing off in the second chopper,
text: leaving Emma panting behind. She's soaked, frozen, gasping for breath,
text: bending over, when she sees --
speaker_heading: 268CLOSEUP - SHOE
text: Emma pulls it from its wedge, looks at the inside: -- "Trubshaw's of
dialog: Jermyn Street."
speaker_heading: STEED (V.O.)
dialog: I thought it was Cinderella
dialog: who lost her slipper ...
scene_heading: 269INT. TRUBSHAW'S - DAWN
text: On Jermyn Street, snow lies waist high. BLARING SIRENS. Searchlights.
text: PA announcements urge citizens to stay indoors ... PULL BACK to reveal
text: a fire glows, a CLOCK TICKS calmly. Emma sits with her shoe,
text: surrounded by a pile of shoes. Steed & Trubshaw beside her.
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: This time the shoe's on the other
dialog: foot. You said a hand-made shoe
dialog: was as good as a photo-fit or
dialog: D.N.A.? Well, all we have to do is
dialog: find the shoe that fits ...
speaker_heading: TRUBSHAW
dialog: It should be easy. A Trubshaw
dialog: client has his shoes delivered
dialog: personally. The Ministry should
dialog: be able to confirm our delivery.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I'll be back ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: STEED
text: Laying in supplies, Mrs. Peel weather
dialog: may get very nasty and I've no umbrella ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You needn't bother. I can't drag you
dialog: further into this. After all, I am still
dialog: the chief suspect.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: No bother. Mother and Father think
dialog: I've joined you. I might as well.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (comes back)
dialog: Oh, and by the way, I think it's about
dialog: time you got rid of that chip on your
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: If you'd been through what I have,
dialog: you wouldn't --
text: Steed reaches and pulls off the micro-bug from her shoulder.
speaker_heading: STEED
text: A microtag. One of Mother's little
dialog: toys. There you are. Free at last.
text: He tips his bowler off her surprised reaction.
scene_heading: 270INT. TRUBSHAW'S BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: An armory. Steed stands before racks of umbrellas, displayed like
dialog: ceremonial swords -- ivory handles, duck handles, you name it ...
text: Steed hefts a few, as picky as a Samurai ...
scene_heading: 271UPSTAIRS - HOURS LATER
text: Emma surrounded by a mountain of shoes. Triumphantly, she holds up a
text: pair of shoe lasts.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Prince Charming, I presume.
dialog: Your name is ...
scene_heading: 272CLOSE ON WORN PAPER LABEL
text: with the name: DARLING.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh my God ...
scene_heading: 273INT. TRUBSHAW'S - DOWNSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Steed selects his umbrella and we FOLLOW UP TO:
scene_heading: 274INT. TRUBSHAW'S - UPSTAIRS - DAY
text: He sees only Trubshaw.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Where's Mrs. Peel?
speaker_heading: TRUBSHAW
dialog: She just left, sir. In a hurry.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TRUBSHAW
dialog: She said you'd understand.
speaker_heading: 275ON STEED
dialog: Worried.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Ah, here we are ...
scene_heading: 276CLOSEUP - PIP PUFFING IN MID-AIR
dialog: WIDEN to reveal:
scene_heading: 277INT. MINISTRY ARCHIVES - DAY
text: Inside the archives, among leather volumes. A file goes through the
text: air, passed to Emma ... As she reads. A map is opened across a desk
dialog: from her.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
text: 'X' marks the spot. The shoes were
text: delivered to ... an island in Hyde Park.
text: Surrounded by the Serpentine. On the
dialog: site of a former Ministry installation...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ... and now?
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: Privately owned by ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Let me guess: Wonderland Weather.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: Very good, Mrs. Peel ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I shall need a small plane.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: You're not venturing alone, surely.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'm going to find out who killed
dialog: my husband. Will you take these
dialog: documents to Steed?
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: 278ON EMMA
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Tell him I said ... goodbye.
scene_heading: 279INT. SECRET SERVICE HQ - DAY
text: below the Thames as at the beginning.
text: In darkest paranoia, Mother lies at the heart of his Labyrinth.
text: Controls around him flash emergency. Panic. Cakes piled up beside
text: him, uneaten. Beside him, Father. Brenda hands a phone.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Steed for you.
text: Mother grabs the phone, furious.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Where's Mrs. Peel?
text: He signals frantically for Father to trace the call, but being blind,
text: Father just sits there.
speaker_heading: STEED (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I was hoping you could tell me.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You're getting yourself into terrible
dialog: trouble, my son. Weather's turning
dialog: very nasty -- and so am I.
speaker_heading: STEED (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I'm going to follow up on a hunch of
dialog: my own. If I'm right, Mrs. Peel is
dialog: innocent and you have a mole.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (grabs mirror;
dialog: searches his face)
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: STEED (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: In your operation.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I'm warning you for the last time,
dialog: Steed: whoever's behind all this,
text: looks like Mrs. Peel, walks like
text: Mrs. Peel and kills like Mrs. Peel.
text: CLICK. The line goes dead.
scene_heading: 280CLOSE ON MOTHER
dialog: Furious.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Steed??
dialog: (to Father)
dialog: Find Mrs. Peel.
text: Brenda smiles at the thought. Father rises, grim.
scene_heading: 281EXT. SKY - DAY
text: Through mist, an ultralight plane zooms down -- From the plane, Emma
text: leaps in parachute ... Down, down, down through the mist ...
text: Over parkland, the parachute floats down ... To an island in the middle
dialog: of the Serpentine river.
scene_heading: 282EXT. ISLAND (HYDE PARK) - DAY
text: Emma lands, buries her parachute. Walks towards a thick jungle, then a
text: stream. Emma hops across on water lilies until she reaches land again.
text: Where a peacock fans its tail of a thousand eyes. A CLICK of CAMERAS.
text: In the midst of the jungle, Emma sees --
speaker_heading: 283HER POV
text: A red phone box. Emma frowns in recognition; goes inside. Picks up
dialog: the phone. Presses "Button B", and --
text: The floor goes down. Emma goes down with it, into --
scene_heading: 284INT. HYDE PARK UNDERGROUND HQ
text: Formerly a Ministry installation. The "elevator" stops. Remembering,
text: as from a dream, Emma steps out into --
scene_heading: 285LONG DARK CORRIDOR
text: A GUARD patrols. Emma pushes herself against a wall. The wall gives
text: way to flip round, and Emma swivels into --
scene_heading: 286INT. TOTALLY DARK CHAMBER
text: The door locks behind. Alone, Emma stands warily.
text: From nowhere, a chilling, disembodied voice. Intimate. Seductive.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Congratulations, Mrs. Peel. You have
dialog: been a worthy opponent. You have
dialog: tracked us down. You are within an
dialog: ace of winning.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: This isn't a game.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Quite right, but we still make the rules.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Rules are made to be broken.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: People, too.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Then who wins?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You and I. Together. But first you
dialog: must confront your greatest enemy.
dialog: Who could that be, Mrs. Peel?
dialog: The answer is obvious ...
dialog: Suddenly lights!
text: Emma is in a hall of mirrors.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Yourself.
text: In every direction Emma turns, a thousand reflections of herself stare
text: back at her, splintered into fragments as Emma spins, freaked and
text: confused by the multiple images.
text: Emma turns into herself -- only herself drapes arms around her and
text: kisses her on the lips.
text: Bad Emma -- whose eyes stare into Emma's startled ones as Emma pulls
text: her mouth away, staggers back; realizes too late. The hallucinogenic
text: lip poison. Emma crumples
dialog: to her knees as --
speaker_heading: 287EMMA'S POV
text: Sees "herself" above her, before she -- falls unconscious.
scene_heading: 288EXT. COUNTRY ROADS - DAY
text: Steed's Jag races, skids in bad weather.
speaker_heading: 289INT. CAR
text: Behind the wheel Steed, his face grim, concentrates on the slippery
text: road. On the seat next to him the snow shaker with little Emma inside
dialog: --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: 290INT. UNDERGROUND H.Q.
text: As if in a dream, Emma awakes captive inside a bizarre cage: A life
text: size snow shaker. Emma "swims" in viscous air,suspended like a mermaid.
dialog: Thru glass she sees --
text: A face peering in: Father.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Emma in Wonderland. Welcome,
dialog: Mrs. Peel.
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: We've been expecting you. We hope
dialog: you'll enjoy your stay with us.
text: Decontamination is almost complete.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Decontamination -- ?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: And you've a new wardrobe. He
dialog: does want you to look attractive.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: He tells me you're very beautiful.
text: Emma pounds the glass in frustration.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Relax, Mrs. Peel. We're hundreds
text: of feet below ground. The Ministry
dialog: made it impregnable. No one can
dialog: save you.
scene_heading: 291EXT. SPIRES OF ETON COLLEGE - EVENING
text: as Steed drives towards it ...
scene_heading: 292INT. UNDERGROUND HQ - DINING ROOM
text: Bathed in candlelight. A romantic supper for two ...
text: A door opens, admitting -- Emma. Dressed, coiffed, super-glamorous.
text: She locks around, sees another door. In search of escape she hastens
dialog: to open it, only to reveal --
text: A giant rabbit -- the one we saw at the Teddy Bear meeting.
text: Emma gasps in surprise, moves back into the room as he advances,
dialog: removing the
dialog: head -- it's Dr. Darling!!!
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: Emma, my dear. How lovely you
dialog: look.
text: He steps out of the rest of his costume ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Would that I could say the Same.
speaker_heading: DR. DARLING
dialog: Ah, but you haven't see the real
dialog: me. Watch closely ...
text: He pulls at his face, which bubbles and collapses as he walks towards
dialog: her --
text: Emma's horrified expression, eyes widening as --
dialog: Dr. Darling turns into ... Peter!
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Peter ...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Darling Emma --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It was you ... all the time?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Not really. Not quite. I'm
dialog: afraid you still don't see ...
text: Again he claws at his face, pulling, twisting ...
text: Emma winces at the sight, her eyes popping out of her head.
dialog: It's Valentine!
speaker_heading: TEACHER (V.O.)
dialog: Valentine Peel ...
scene_heading: 293EXT. ETON COLLEGE - EVENING
text: beneath Gothic turrets pupils in top hats and tails.
speaker_heading: OLD TEACHER (V.O.)
dialog: Yes, I remember him quite well ...
text: PULL BACK THROUGH windows to reveal: Steed and an OLD TEACHER in the
dialog: beautiful library.
speaker_heading: OLD TEACHER
dialog: This is where he used to spend his
dialog: days. We have an old photograph
dialog: somewhere ...
text: He's flipping through yearbooks, then shows Steed --
scene_heading: 294CLOSEUP - PHOTO
text: of Valentine Peel on stage, in wizard's garb. Made up as an old man
dialog: ...
scene_heading: 295BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: TEACHER
text: Absolute wizard with makeup. His
dialog: favorite roll from Shakespeare.
dialog: Prospero ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: 'The Prospero Project...'
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: ... From The Tempest. A banished
text: duke, ousted by his brother,
text: marooned on a magic island. Who
dialog: controlled the weather.
scene_heading: 296CLOSEUP - STEED
dialog: grim.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: 'O Brave New World that hath
dialog: such people in it.'
scene_heading: 297BACK TO DINNER TABLE
text: Emma frozen, sinks into a chair, staring ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Darling Emma -- yes, we: the true
dialog: genius behind the Prospero Project ...
text: He walks around the dinner table as he talks ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: But you died -- in the explosion ...
scene_heading: 298FLASHBACK - CLOSE ON HAND IN WHITE GLOVE
text: Twisting the dial. PAN UP the arm to reveal Valentine.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, no. I arranged the explosion.
text: 299BACK TO PRESENT
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
text: A slight miscalculation -- my face
dialog: was burned beyond recognition.
dialog: Fortunately my research into plastics
dialog: came in handy ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Dr. Darling, Peter ... all you ...
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: An unholy trinity ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (stands)
dialog: You killed my husband.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: For starters. Of course I had to kill
dialog: the Teddy Bears, as well ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Too many cooks --
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Spoil the majority shareholders. In
dialog: Wonderland Weather. I planned
dialog: everything, even the Ministry
dialog: recruiting you ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: But I found you. All the clues
dialog: led me here ...
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Of course. I planned that, too.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: But -- why?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You disappoint me, Emma. Can't
dialog: you guess?
dialog: (moves toward her)
dialog: For you. It was all for you ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (cold)
dialog: 'Our revels now are ended.'
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Oh, no, Emma. They've only
dialog: just begun ...
scene_heading: 300INT. INVISIBLE JONES' OFFICE - NIGHT
text: The phone hangs in the air -- with the smoking pipe.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE JONES (V.O.)
dialog: The shoes were delivered to an island
dialog: in the Serpentine - former Ministry
dialog: installation ... she said to tell you
dialog: goodbye. What?
scene_heading: 301CLOSEUP - STEED IN RED PHONEBOX (SOMEWHERE) - NIGHT
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I said it's not goodbye yet.
dialog: Listen, I'm going to need some
text: help. In a hurry ...
scene_heading: 302INT. HYDE PARK UNDERGROUND - DINING ROOM
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (indicates supper)
dialog: Think of this as your second
dialog: wedding feast ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'm already married ...
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Come, come, you're a widow -- a
dialog: most attractive widow. Now I think
dialog: of it, we'll need a bridesmaid. Here.
text: He pushes a button. Bad Emma enters. Tattooed Z424. Unmistakably
dialog: hostile.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: My latest model. A compound of
text: plastics and sensor chips. A big
text: improvement on the old X404s.
dialog: The poor thing is quite fond of me.
dialog: Emma, say hello to Emma.
text: BAD EMMA HISSES, a strange mix of STATIC and FEEDBACK.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You know, I believe she's actually
dialog: jealous.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Valentine, listen to me ...
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Right, bridesmaid. Now what
dialog: have I left out? Oh, yes, I know:
dialog: the ring.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (covers her hand)
dialog: Ring?
text: He stands very near her -- she's terrified -- then:
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: How silly of me -- let me make
dialog: you comfortable first ...
text: As he advances, ZOOM IN EXTREME CLOSEUP Emma's eye
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: 303INT. ISLAND (HYDE PARK) - NIGHT
text: Another ball, WIDEN to reveal, from the lake, an odd eight foot high
text: plastic ball emerges -- The ball lands on the shore. From the inside,
text: a zip peels away the plastic layer to reveal --
text: Steed, like an urban dandy in suit and bowler. A rose in his lapel.
text: He steps out, and, poking with his umbrella --
text: Deflates the inflatable plastic submarine. Steed heads off -- CAMERA
text: EYES the peacock swivel towards him, as he heads into the jungle where
dialog: he sees the --
speaker_heading: 304RED PHONEBOX
text: Steed picks up the phone. Presses all the buttons until he hits
text: "Button B." As the floor lowers, his eyes widen in surprise ...
speaker_heading: 305SARCOPHAGUS
text: carved in Emma's likeness. Lowered from the ceiling hydraulically into
dialog: --
scene_heading: 306INT. VALENTINE'S HIGH-TECH TORTURE CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: as Valentine descends spiral steps to join it.
text: Valentine opens the coffin to reveal Emma strapped within.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: That's better. I say, isn't this
dialog: where you came in? It's
dialog: impenetrable, by the way ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You're mad.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Entirely. On the other hand
text: (he advances towards
dialog: her, smiling)
dialog: Mad people get things done. Let
dialog: me show you --
scene_heading: 307INT. UNDERGROUND H.Q. - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Steed stealing down a corridor and --
text: hides, as a posse of guards rushes past, alerted by the peacock
text: cameras. He waits till they pass, then reaches out his umbrella, and -
dialog: -
text: Nabs Father around the neck who was feeling her way after them. Brings
dialog: her down.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Steed
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: How did you guess?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You reek of Mrs. Peel's Black
dialog: Leather ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: It was you who gave Valentine
dialog: Peel his security clearance ...
dialog: you're the mole who betrayed
dialog: the Ministry.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Mother betrayed me. She was
dialog: going to replace me with a younger
dialog: Father. Errand boy that's all I was.
dialog: 'Find Steed...'
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Well, you found me. Have a sniff of
dialog: this, why don't you? Careful, the
dialog: scent can be overpowering ...
text: Holding Father securely, Steed forces her nose into his rose
text: boutonniere, squeezes the rubber tube, sprays a Mist. Father passes
text: out. Steed rises, locks around.
dialog: Sees --
text: A grille and removes it, climbs in and replaces it before the guards
text: return. He turns
dialog: and --
scene_heading: 308INT. DUCTS - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: crawls forward through a mass of wires and plumbing --
text: until he hears a VOICE -- VALENTINE'S.
text: Steed reaches another grille, through which he can see --
scene_heading: 309INT. TORTURE CHAMBER
text: Emma's coffin, standing on end, like the Iron Maiden faces a wall of TV
text: monitors as Valentine explains.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: People expect weather to be free.
dialog: They're used to it. I call that a
dialog: denial of freedom. No freedom of
dialog: choice. An abuse of human rights.
dialog: They buy water, electricity, gas.
dialog: Why shouldn't they be able to buy
dialog: their own weather if they want to?
dialog: If they have a little incentive ...
text: Emma reacts -- also Steed (unseen) behind her.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Such as?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Destruction of their local weather
dialog: systems. I can zap a thousand
text: Chernobyls into the air.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: The result would be ...
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Chaos. Transport paralysis. Crop
dialog: failure. Economic disaster.
dialog: Frostbite or sunburn ... on a
text: massive scale.
dialog: You've seen a few samples...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Then what's stopping you?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: One very small thing. A diamond
dialog: 'cyclone' chip. A thousand times
dialog: more information on a fraction of
dialog: the size. If I possess that, my
dialog: powers would be unlimited. My
dialog: dear half-brother was developing
dialog: it. But he suspected sabotage.
dialog: He gave the chip to ... you,
dialog: 'Mrs.' Peel. I want you. But
dialog: also your ring.
text: Valentine takes her by the hand. Kisses --
scene_heading: 310CLOSEUP - HER RING
text: A diamond. In the light, a patterned imprint. ZOOM IN -- a complex
dialog: fractal equation of circuits.
text: 311BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
text: The missing piece of the jigsaw.
dialog: I tried to get you to give it to me
dialog: as Peter; I tried to steal it from
dialog: you as Dr. Darling. As myself I'll
dialog: be a bit less subtle.
text: (he slips it off her
dialog: finger; holds it up)
dialog: With this ring my plan will be
dialog: complete.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How Wagnerian ... Do you mean
dialog: to say you've waited all these
dialog: years because you couldn't create
dialog: a chip on your own? That would
dialog: have amused Peter.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Speaking of Peter, there's more good
dialog: news: You won't even have to change
dialog: your last name. You'll always be Mrs. Peel.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What are my choices?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Choices?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'll never marry you.
text: Valentine is philosophical. He spins the sarcophagus on an axis, lying
dialog: it flat -- Emma
text: lying in her coffin as he looks down at her --
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: One out of two isn't bad. I'll keep you
dialog: alive, darling Emma. In a year or five,
dialog: you may change your mind. If you're
text: still in it.
text: Valentine presses a button. From the ceiling -- a surgical laser.
text: Moves down to within inches of her face.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: This little toy gave me back my face.
dialog: It can replace yours. What do you think?
dialog: Medusa? Madame Defarge? Maggie
dialog: Thatcher?
text: He marks an imaginary line round Emma's face.
text: An ALARM BELL RINGS. Emma reacts.
speaker_heading: FATHER (V.O.)
dialog: Dr. Darling, this is Father. We
dialog: have an intruder. I repeat --
text: Valentine switches off the PA.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Ah. That will be Steed. He followed
dialog: you. Please excuse me. I have work
dialog: to do. My most spectacular
text: performance. A ballet of clouds. It
dialog: was made for you. I want to give you
dialog: a heart, Emma. I want all of London
dialog: to see it. And now with this ...
dialog: (flourishes ring)
dialog: They will.
dialog: (leans close)
dialog: And for an encore: the biggest cyclone
dialog: in history will wipe the City from the
dialog: face of the earth.
dialog: (winks)
dialog: Shape of things to come, my darling.
text: He stuffs a gag into Emma's mouth and closes the coffin on her muffled
text: protests. Darkness.
text: Immediately, Steed tries to force his way through the grille. No such
dialog: luck.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Blast. What to do? Mrs. Peel!
text: He doesn't dare say her name too loud -- and there's no telling if she
dialog: could hear him in that thing, anyway.
text: He turns around in the tunnel -- heads the other way.
scene_heading: 312EXT. SKY OVER LONDON - NIGHT
text: Moonlight night. Dark clouds approach like an army, spreading shadows.
speaker_heading: 313INSIDE CLOUDS
text: MOISTURE SPITS and CRACKLES, static energy waiting to explode ...
text: In the sky -- clouds join together like a genie from a lamp, forming --
text: over the city -- a strange dark sensuous figure, half human, half
text: dreamlike.
dialog: That stalks the city....
scene_heading: 314INT. DUCTS - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Steed crawling. A rat runs over him ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: The things I do for England ...
dialog: Pitch dark, then --
text: Emma's coffin is opened and we see Bad Emma, looking down.
text: Bad Emma stares at her human double -- Emma: who looks imploringly at
text: her to undo the gag. Bad Emma removes it, she --
text: Runs a finger down Emma's body, inside a hole torn in the leather --
text: warm human flesh. Blood. Her flesh. Her blood. Fascinated.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You must let me go ...
text: Bad Emma listens. Gently lays her head on Emma's breast, listens to --
text: the HEARTBEAT. Ba-boom. Ba-boom ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Don't you understand? If he has
dialog: me, he'll have no use for you ...
dialog: he'll destroy you ...
text: The words jolt Bad Emma back, remembering her mission. She goes to the
text: laser, aims it at Emma's face!
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No...
text: Bad Emma hesitates, looks strangely human as --
scene_heading: 315ANOTHER PART OF UNDERGROUND H.Q.
text: The grille pops off and Steed emerges where the guards are waiting for
dialog: him --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Oh, dear.
text: No escape. He takes off his bowler -- deftly removes a strip from its
text: brim, aims it at the guards, and --
dialog: Hurls it ...
scene_heading: 316CLOSEUP - BOWLER (IN FLIGHT)
text: A glinting razor's edge, which --
text: Swoosh -- ! Slices into the closest guard before returning, like a
text: boomerang to Steed. He taps twice hard steel as ...
speaker_heading: 317OTHER GUARDS
text: run towards him, Steed swivels gracefully and - slams the bowler in
text: their faces, a sartorial knuckleduster -- wham -- ! One drops -- Bam -
text: - ! The other collapses, slump to the ground. Steed stoops down,
text: picks up his hat, sees --
text: A dent in its steel top. For the first time, Steed loses his cool.
text: Genuine rage.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Someone's going to pay for this.
text: Stepping over the nearest body, Steed moves on his way, as --
scene_heading: 318CLOSEUP - VALENTINE
text: places a ring inside a control module filled with identical-looking
dialog: diamond chips ...
dialog: WIDEN to reveal ...
scene_heading: 319INT. CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Masses of dials and switches. ( Off to one side, on a wall, a rack of
dialog: rapiers ... )
text: Valentine hits a switch ...
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Start the countdown. Action
text: stations. Five minutes ...
text: The countdown starts, red digitals going backwards --
text: Colorized computer screens map out hostile weather fronts.
text: A COMPUTERIZED VOICE STARTS to COUNT. The CLOCK TICKS.
text: Father enters behind him.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Congratulations. The clouds are
dialog: on course ...
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: To explode. London will be ashes.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Not yet! They haven't heard our
dialog: terms ... !
text: Father tries to hit the switch. Valentine yanks her off.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Are you insane? Stop the program
dialog: and you activate the auto-destruct!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: But all those people -- !
dialog: Valentine strikes her hard --
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: My cloud ballet! My cyclone!
text: Father slides to the floor. Valentine ignores her. Concentrates on
text: the control panel red lights, as --
scene_heading: 320EXT. PARLIAMENT SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Up in the sky, more white clouds --
text: Darken into boiling black. They move and billow. Bubbling with gases
text: and energy.Swirling with motion, a life of their own.
text: FROM river, a scarlet fog floats upwards. It gains mass and weight,
text: slowly forming as it rolls --
scene_heading: 321THROUGH CITY STREETS
text: then RISES ABOVE them -- into a weird pulsating red shape.
dialog: A love heart.
scene_heading: 322CLOSEUP - DIGITAL READOUTS
text: Whirling backwards ...
scene_heading: 323INT. MOTHER'S UNDERWATER HQ - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Mother at the controls. RINGS the ALARM. Panic stations as -- SIRENS
text: BLARE. WARNINGS RING OUT OVER TV and RADIO --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Dense cloud formation moving south-
text: west. On course for the center of the
text: city. A fog floating in from the river.
dialog: The prediction is ... unstable chemical
dialog: reaction. Enforce the curfew ...
dialog: Emergency stand by ... !
scene_heading: 324EXT. SKY OVER BUCKINGHAM PALACE - NIGHT
text: Bad storm clouds advance over London ... black and furious.
scene_heading: 325OVER CITY - SEVERAL ANGLES
text: As shadows in a whirl of chemical matter. An airborne CYCLONE of
text: BELCHING static ELECTRICITY. The black shape now --
text: Forming a sensuous female shape. Like a dream wisp of ...
text: Emma Peel with an hourglass figure. While --
speaker_heading: 326FROM RIVER
text: The heart-shaped cloud seems to -- move towards the black genie shape -
text: - trying to connect, to form the cyclone ...
scene_heading: 327EXT. LONDON STREETS - SEVERAL ANGLES - NIGHT
text: Action stations. AIR RAID SIRENS ...
text: Like a re-run Blitz. Streets now eerily empty and dark.
dialog: Through deserted streets --
text: Troops race to positions in gas masks. Searchlights illuminate clouds.
text: Worried faces watch the skies, as --
scene_heading: 328CLOSEUP - DIGITAL NUMBERS
dialog: Fly ...
scene_heading: 329INT. HI-TECH TORTURE CHAMBER - DAY
text: Chaos on all TV monitors as ...
text: Valentine hastens down the spiral steps and opens Emma's coffin. What
text: will he find?? Emma's there, still gagged. Looks asleep.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: My dear.
dialog: (pulls the gag:
dialog: kisses her)
dialog: I wouldn't want you to miss the
dialog: grand finale ...
text: Emma opens her eyes. Valentine looks down at her, until -- a tell-tale
dialog: sign: Z424.
text: Bad Emma is unmistakable. He strikes her -- yanks her out of the
dialog: coffin.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Find her. Kill her ...
text: He races back upstairs as ...
scene_heading: 330INT. UNDERGROUND HYDE PARK - HQ CATWALKS - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Emma makes her way through the labyrinthine superstructure of the
text: place, crawling high on a girder over some BURBLING LIQUID below. She
dialog: hears NOISE IN the
text: DISTANCE. Suddenly --
scene_heading: 331INT. UNDERGROUND HQ - STEED - CONTINUOUS ACTION
dialog: Steed battles more guards! No time to lose.
text: Wham -- ! Bam -- ! Now moving with deadly earnest, Steed downs all
dialog: oncomers, closing in on --
scene_heading: 332INT. UNDERGROUND CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Steed rushes in, BOLTS the AIRLOCK behind. Pounding on door.
text: He sees the timer racing backwards -- stands over the controls, trying
dialog: to figure out how to stop the program.
text: Looks for the chip -- amongst all the rest it's like trying to find a
text: contact lens in water.
scene_heading: 333FLOOR-LEVEL HATCH
text: opens behind. Valentine emerges, drops the HATCH COVER with a THUD.
text: Steed whirls.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: John Steed.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Valentine Peel. I see you've gone
dialog: back to using your original face.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: The last one you'll ever see.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Perish the thought.
text: Valentine fulls forth a rapier from the wall.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Did they tell you at Eton that I
dialog: was fencing champion, too?
text: Steed unsheathes his umbrella, revealing ditto.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: They said you were a very naughty
dialog: boy.
text: The fight is on as the numbers grow smaller!
scene_heading: 334SEVERAL ANGLES
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You're better than I expected.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I was at Harrow ...
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: But did they teach you this?
text: Valentine whacks the blade off Steed's umbrella handle. Laughs. A
text: diminished phallic symbol. Steed, dumbfounded.
text: Valentine advances towards Steed --
text: Who points the umbrella at him.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Bang-bang ... you're dead.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You wish.
text: He moves to close in, when ...
scene_heading: 335CLOSEUP - FLASH OF LIGHT
text: from the muzzle, as a BULLET ZIPS out, and --
speaker_heading: 336VALENTINE
text: recoils. Blood streams from his shoulder. He looks up, devastated.
text: Steed blows smoke away from the muzzle.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: One shot -- for emergencies.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (clutches wound)
dialog: That's not playing by the rules.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (echoes Emma!)
dialog: Rules are made to be broken.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (pulls his own gun)
dialog: If you say so.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I do.
text: He FIRES again. To the heart. Valentine spins to the floor.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You said ... one shot.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Did I? My mistake.
text: Steed turns to the console, tries to figure out how to stop the
text: countdown, when behind the hatch opens again, revealing Emma.
text: Valentine pulls her up, grabs her as hostage --
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: I wouldn't do that, if I were you.
text: Steed turns.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Mrs. Peel -- !
text: Valentine has Emma, a knife to her throat, stands over the hatch.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Bullet-proof waistcoats -- just the
dialog: thing. I get mine from Trubshaw's.
dialog: We'll be off now, won't we, darling?
dialog: (to Steed)
dialog: We wouldn't want to miss the
dialog: fireworks. Figure it out if you can,
dialog: Steed ...
speaker_heading: 337DOWN HATCH
text: Valentine drags Emma, bolting the hatch.
speaker_heading: 338ON STEED
text: He's torn briefly, but there are thousands of lives at stake; Steed
text: goes to the control module and starts pulling out chips, looking ...
scene_heading: 339EXT. LONDON - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT
text: The biggest cyclone you've ever seen starts slowly whirling above the
text: city, gathering momentum ...
speaker_heading: 340NUMBERS
dialog: going down, down, down, as ...
scene_heading: 341INT. CATWALKS - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Valentine drags Emma backwards ...
scene_heading: 342EXT. LONDON - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT
dialog: The cyclone picking up force ...
scene_heading: 343CLOSEUP - STEED'S HANDS
text: pull up a chip. The red numbers freeze. WIDEN to reveal...
scene_heading: 344INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: The SIRENS CEASE. Steed allows himself a smile of relief.
scene_heading: 345EXT. LONDON - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT
text: The giant cyclone begins to break apart ...
scene_heading: 346SEVERAL ANGLES - DYING STORM
scene_heading: 347CLOSEUP - RELIEVED FACES
text: Troops pulling off gas masks as ...
scene_heading: 348INT. CONTROL ROOM - ON SCREENS - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Steed sees the breakup of the cyclone ...
text: Then -- behind him -- an ominous CLICK-CLICKING as the PROGRAM
text: reconfigures. A DIFFERENT ALARM BUZZER SOUNDS and the words:
scene_heading: "AUTO-DESTRUCT, 3 MINUTES"
dialog: start flashing ...
text: A different set of numbers start running backwards ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: You must be joking ...
scene_heading: 349EXT. CATWALKS - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Valentine, dragging Emma, reacts to the new ALARMS.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Fool ...
text: In his hesitation, Emma suddenly makes her move. A struggle -- Emma
text: takes a bad fall down a landing below. Ugly THUD. Dead.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: That will do.
text: He's materialized across the girder from Valentine. Who pulls his
dialog: revolver.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Aren't you forgetting about
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: You are, and it's behind you.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Come, come. You don't really
dialog: expect me to fall for --
text: Bad Emma's arms go 'round Valentine in a lethal embrace.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Let go, you ... idiot ...
text: Uh uh. She holds him in a vice-like grip. Hugging Valentine.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: I think she really likes you ...
dialog: Where's Mrs. Peel?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Ugh ...
text: As the life is squeezed out of him, Bad Emma finally smiles. Cradled
text: together, she chokes Valentine, who gasps for breath, as --
text: One last desperate move on his part and Bad Emma tumbles backwards,
text: Valentine locked in her arms in a dying embrace.
text: They fall into the mists and liquid below.
text: Steed almost falls himself as he grabs a beam for support. Looks down,
dialog: sees ...
speaker_heading: 350EMMA
dialog: Dead.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Emma!
text: He has said her name. He scrambles down to her body.
text: Emma lying sprawled out on the ground.
text: Steed picks up her limp body in his arms like "Sleeping Beauty." His
text: eyes fill with tears. He lays her down.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Emma ...
text: He produces Peter's ring.
speaker_heading: 351CLOSEUP - RING
text: Slips it onto her finger and ...
text: 352BACK TO SCENE
text: Kisses her. A chaste kiss on the lips. But with the force and passion
text: of a lover. He closes his eyes, looks away in grief. The ALARM STILL
text: SOUNDS but Steed doesn't give a damn.
text: Behind, Emma opens her eyes. As if revived by the kiss. Or the ring.
text: Looks up at him.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Steed?
text: Steed looks back at her -- surprise, delight.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Mrs. Peel?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What kept you?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: The plot.
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Hello, we must be going ...
scene_heading: 353CLOSEUP - AUTO-DESTRUCT NUMBERS
dialog: Racing backwards as ...
scene_heading: 354SEVERAL ANGLES
text: Steed pulls Emma through the catwalks and corridors of Valentine's
dialog: Labyrinth ...
speaker_heading: 355MORE NUMBERS
text: racing to zero, nothing to stop them ...
scene_heading: 356INT. TORTURE CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Steed and Emma race in -- she sees the sarcophagus.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Quick!
text: Emma scrambles in and Steed leaps on top of her, bringing down the lid
dialog: as ...
scene_heading: 357SEVERAL ANGLES
text: 3-2-1 -- and a BLAST like a nuclear EXPLOSION -- as the Underground HQ
text: is fragmented to smithereens -- Emma's " coffin" goes flying ... as the
text: SCREEN WHITES OUT.
scene_heading: 358EXT. ALBERT BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Beneath the clear moonlight, all bulbs on -- like Xmas.
speaker_heading: 359BELOW
text: it floats the coffin -- which opens, revealing ...
text: Steed and Emma, squashed together, gasping for breath.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: 'The owl and the pussycat went
dialog: to sea -'
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: '... in a beautiful pea green boat...'
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: A fine night, Mrs. Peel ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Still a bit chilly ...
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: English weather. You know, after
dialog: all we've been through, I should
dialog: say we deserve a long holiday ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Have you any place in mind?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: As a matter of fact I have ...
text: The coffin drifts downstream in the moonlight.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 360EXT. SIBERIAN ICE FIELDS - DAY 360
text: A few weeks later. Across snowy wastes, a pack of Huskies drag a sled
text: behind them, WHIP CRACKED by a --
text: Frozen fur-clad Siberian peasant. As he turns a corner, dogs stumble
dialog: from ice and snow into --
speaker_heading: 361SAND
text: The peasant stops, stares.
speaker_heading: 362AHEAD OF HIM
text: Sun beats down. A tropical beach. A warm sea. A butler, Trubshaw.
text: POPS a CHAMPAGNE CORK. From a tent, he brings two glasses down the
dialog: beach to
scene_heading: 363TWO DIVAN-STYLE DECK CHAIRS
text: Where Steed and Emma toast in the sun. Steed in a smoking jacket, Emma
text: in a bikini.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I don't recall Siberia being this
text: warm, Steed.
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: It's the latest thing, Mrs. Peel.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Our little paradise -- just made
dialog: for two?
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: (looks; frowns)
dialog: Not quite.
text: On cue from the water, Mother emerges, snorkeling in his wheelchair
text: contraption -- with Brenda. He waves to --
speaker_heading: STEED
dialog: Our chaperon.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Pity your mother came, too ...
text: Steed seems peeved that his chance to be alone with EMMA is spoiled.
text: Trubshaw pours glasses of champagne.
speaker_heading: STEED
text: Still a little warm, Trubshaw.
dialog: Is this the '28? A little more
dialog: ice, I think ...
text: Trubshaw trots off dutifully. A large ice bucket appears. Mother
text: moves in. Absorbed by Emma, now his new protegee.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: About your next assignment, Mrs.
dialog: Peel ...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Next assignment?
text: Steed gives his champagne to the Siberian peasant. He presses a switch
text: -- an umbrella shoots up between them, opens up, twirls.
text: PULL BACK to reveal the strip of beach, like a tiny bubble of tropical
text: weather. Against a Siberian b.g. of snow. As we WIDEN we REVEAL a
text: giant glass bubble, hearing --
speaker_heading: EMMA (V.O.)
dialog: Ah ... sun tan lotion. Any shops
dialog: nearby?
speaker_heading: STEED (V.O.)
dialog: Must be. Trubshaw's busy. I'll
dialog: send Mother ...
text: PULL BACK to reveal no shop for miles around.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (V.O.)
dialog: Ahem. As I was saying, perhaps
dialog: another macaroon ...
speaker_heading: EMMA (V.O.)
dialog: Thank you, Steed.
speaker_heading: STEED (V.O.)
dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Peel.
text: Behind the umbrella -- LAUGHTER. CHINK of GLASSES.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
