speaker_heading: WADJDA
dialog: 
dialog: Written by
dialog: Haifaa Al Mansour
scene_heading: BLACK SCREEN.
text: Sounds of a busy schoolroom: shoes shuffling across the
text: floor, girls shouting, laughing and gossiping to each other.
text: GUNSHOTS and the WHINNY of horses blare out. The girls fall
text: quiet before they start singing in unison.
speaker_heading: GIRLS (V.O.)
dialog: It's time for Jihad; it's the only
dialog: choice. The war is boiling,
dialog: calling.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (V.O.)
dialog: Girls! Stand still in your spots!
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL AUDITORIUM (SAUDI ARABIA)- DAY 1
text: A group of 11 YEAR-OLD GIRLS stand in three rows on a home-
text: made wooden stage. A banner reads, "The Secondary Fourth
text: School for Girls-Riyadh East." A TEACHER eyes them
text: skeptically.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Again, from the beginning.
text: She pushes "play" on a small tape recorder on the floor.
speaker_heading: CHORUS OF GIRLS
dialog: It's time for Jihad; it's the only
dialog: choice. The war is boiling,
dialog: calling.
text: The front row has four girls, one of whom is WAJDA, (11),
text: cute face with big, smart eyes.
text: They all sing in tune except for her. She's looking away
text: singing absentmindedly, missing most of the words.
text: Wajda watches two older girls, FATIN and FATIMA, pass by.
text: Wajda waves to them as she sings.
text: She looks at the teacher, now scowling at her, tucks her
text: hands in her pocket and tries to follow the other girls. They
text: all look similar except for Wajda.
text: The SONG halts abruptly as the teacher hits "Stop" on the
text: tape recorder. The girls' voices trail off.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Wajda! Step to the front, please.
text: Wajda makes her way out of the rows of girls. NOURA, (11), a
text: sweet and perfect type, bumps into her, smiles and fills her
text: place in the front line. Wajda stands in front of the line of
dialog: girls alone.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don’t you show us all how well
dialog: you sing? Start with the first
dialog: verse.
text: Wajda becomes very nervous. Her face reddens and she stares
text: hard at the floor, she tries to sing, but her mouth clamps
dialog: tight.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Well? If you don’t want to share
dialog: that “beautiful” voice of yours
dialog: with us...
text: The teacher gestures towards the tape recorder.
text: Wajda stares at the floor as she sits down next to the tape
text: recorder, scowling.
text: The line is much more unified now. The Teacher smiles with
text: satisfaction then glares at her.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Well?!
text: Like a professional DJ, Wajda's hand rewinds the tape, stops
text: it and hits "Play" all in one motion.
scene_heading: THE CHORUS OF GIRLS
dialog: It's time for Jihad; it's the only
dialog: choice. The war is boiling,
text: calling. The horses are prepared;
text: the battle will start. War heals
dialog: wounds way better than suppressing
dialog: anger. If our religion is
dialog: humiliated, heaven calls and our
dialog: fate is written. Where are the
dialog: proud men to answer the calls?
dialog: Allhu Akbar is our song; It is our
dialog: light and the fire we fight with!
text: THE CHORUS CONTINUES THROUGH THE TITLES
text: STATIC BLENDS OVER THE SONG LIKE A RADIO TUNING TO ANOTHER
text: CHANNEL and then...
text: A RAUCOUS ROCK SONG STARTS!
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S ROOM - DAY 2
text: In her small, sparsely decorated room between a single bed
text: and a window covered completely with wallpaper, Wajda hits
text: "record" on her tape recorder as the ROCK SONG continues.
text: Dancing and moving to the beat, she insures that a cord from
text: the window is properly connected to the radio antennae.
text: She writes down the song on a track list labeled "Wajda's
text: Awesome Mix Tape, Vol. 7." Next, she counts out homemade
text: bracelets and puts them in small plastic bags. Finally, she
text: puts on her black converse high-tops with colored laces.
text: As she waits for the ROCK SONG to end, she looks through the
text: half open door to her MOTHER, busy drying her hair.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 3
text: WAJDA'S MOTHER (33), struggles with a broken hair-dryer as
text: she straightens her beautiful long hair. She is petite, with
text: a definite sparkle in her eye, but right now she’s
text: frustrated. The brush becomes too hot and she quickly dries
text: the rest of her hair without it.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S ROOM - DAY 4
text: Wajda takes some money from a drawer and puts it in her
text: pocket. She hits "Stop" on the tape recorder and runs out.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM/KITCHEN - DAY 5
text: Wajda's Mother twists her hair and adds colored clips. She
text: moves to the kitchen and adds cups of cardamom and coffee to
text: boiling water in an old pot. Outside a car HONKS its horn.
text: In rapid motions, her Mother takes the over-boiling coffee,
text: puts it in a thermos and grabs her notebooks.
text: Wajda enters, drops her backpack and hurries behind, carrying
text: the rest of her Mother's supplies.
text: The Mother grabs keys from a hook by the entrance. A string
text: of blue prayer beads fall to the floor. She puts them back on
text: the hook, pulls her veil over her face and turns to Wajda.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don't forget your key, and don't
dialog: lock the upper lock. Your Father
dialog: may be coming later after his night
dialog: shift.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF WAJDA'S HOUSE - DAY 6
text: A Pakistani Driver, IQBAL, (late 20's), squats in front of an
text: old van, sticking the broken headlights on with tape. He
text: turns as Wajda and her Mother emerge.
speaker_heading: IQBAL
dialog: (In broken Arabic, bossy)
dialog: It very long way, Madame! Other
dialog: teachers we are taking, very long
dialog: way. You late every day! No taking
dialog: you late.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: She's not late! You just came! I
dialog: saw you - five minutes not even!
speaker_heading: IQBAL
dialog: I no talk to you little girl, I
dialog: talk to your Mother, she is late!
text: Iqbal enters the car and slams the door. A picture of a cute,
text: smiling child wearing traditional Indian dress with flowers
text: in her hair, falls to the car’s floor. Iqbal picks up the
text: picture and cleans it carefully then puts it back on the
text: car’s counter.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don't worry about him. Okay, yalla
dialog: bye!
dialog: (to Iqbal) )
dialog: No problem, Iqbal. You take lots of
dialog: money; let's have some quiet for
dialog: the long drive.
text: She takes her things from Wajda and quickly enters the van.
text: The bus jolts away. Wajda is about to walk back into the
text: house when the minivan swerves to avoid an oncoming car,
text: almost crashing into it. She watches until it disappears,
text: worried for her Mother.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 7
text: Wajda grabs her backpack, stopping by the mirror. She looks
text: at herself and touches her hair, then puts on her abbayah.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEIGHBORHOOD STREETS - DAY 8
text: Concrete houses line the street. All the windows are covered
text: in aluminum. A typical middle class neighborhood in Riyadh,
dialog: Saudi Arabia.
text: Groups of girls walk to school, completely covered in
text: abbayahs and veils, distinguishable only by their different
text: backpacks. Taxis and minivans pass by full of covered women
dialog: in black.
text: Wajda exits her gate and walks towards school. Suddenly a
text: rock flies by her feet and knocks a soda can from its place.
text: She looks up to see her FATHER (35), smiling and tossing
text: another rock up in the air, playfully.
text: Dark and handsome with short soft black hair and a well
text: groomed mustache, he wears a worn-out blue oil-man’s uniform.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Watch this!
text: He flings the rock towards another can just past her on the
text: wall. She ducks but looks over to see the can fly from its
text: place. Wajda searches and picks up another rock.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Oh yeah, check this out!
text: Full of bravado, she flings the rock at a milk carton near
text: his feet but it falls short and BOUNCES off target.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Ha! Keep practicing. You're getting
dialog: there!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Look who's back! Where have you
dialog: been?
text: She smiles, runs and gives him a big hug.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Oof. Look at this.
text: He pulls out a shiny black rock from his pocket.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: It's volcanic, from the Empty
text: Quarter. It has a great velocity.
dialog: It'll help your aim. Now get going.
text: She takes it, beaming. He taps her on her head and she runs
text: off to school.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: We left the door unlocked.
dialog: Mom's been waiting for you all
dialog: week!
text: The father’s eyes flicker at the mention of the mother. He
text: passes his hand over his untidy black hair feeling uneasy.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF THE CONVENIENCE STORE - DAY 9
text: ABDULLAH, (11), a skinny, bright-eyed boy, stands near the
text: entryway, setting up a billboard. He peeks inside at Wajda as
text: she enters and heads for the candy bars, picking out
text: chocolate. She sees him and smiles. Abdullah immediately
text: looks away.
text: He busies himself with the billboard, attaching a large
text: election poster of an overweight, mustached man on a chair
text: that looks like a throne. The poster reads: "Vote for me for
dialog: Municipal Council. Your glorious representation."
text: Abdullah's bicycle stands next to the board with his books
text: clamped onto a rack on the back.
text: Out of the corner of his eye he watches Wajda approach,
text: munching on a breakfast sandwich. He quickly brushes his hair
text: into place and acts busy and important.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Huh, what is this, an advertisement
dialog: for mustache products?!
text: Abdullah smiles, composes himself and faces her with an
text: annoyed look.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Smart-ass, it's a mustache so
dialog: strong a falcon could stand on it!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: A falcon? An airplane could land on
dialog: that thing!
text: Abdullah smiles but then sees a group of boys approaching. He
text: quickly snatches the sandwich out of her hands and runs off.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Thanks for buying me breakfast!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Hey! If it's a race you're after
dialog: don't blame it on the sandwich!
dialog: 10
text: She breaks into a run after him. They race through the
text: streets, away from the boys, switching positions in the race.
text: She overtakes him, snatches the sandwich and looks back,
text: pumping her arms in the air, relishing the victory.
text: Away from the other boys, Abdullah now smiles at her. He then
text: runs back to the billboard.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEIGHBORHOOD STREETS - DAY 10
text: Wajda walks on to school eating her sandwich happily. She
text: continues the target practice with her beloved new rock,
text: aiming at several objects as she goes.
text: Suddenly out of nowhere, Abdullah snatches her veil as he
text: zips past her on his bicycle. Wajda falls hard to the ground,
text: her sandwich now covered in dirt. Her hair is exposed. It’s
text: covered in curls and colored hair clips like her Mother's,
text: but sloppier. Abdullah points.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: What is all this?
text: She puts her hands over her head, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: It's so in fashion now.
text: Abdullah continues laughing. She runs furiously after him. He
text: dangles the veil mockingly behind him as he rides ahead.
text: Pitying her, Abdullah finally slows down. Wajda reaches out
text: and rips the veil from his hands but falls hard to the
text: ground, into a puddle of mud.
text: Abdullah stops. Wajda angrily gets up and screams at him.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Stupid! How can I go to school like
dialog: this?
text: He’s about to get off his bicycle and help her when several
text: boys come out of a nearby store. Abdullah thinly disguises
text: his guilty look with a mocking smile.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Did you really think you could
dialog: catch me?
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (confused)
dialog: I did catch you! You and your
dialog: stupid bicycle.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Yeah right. Now you’re late and
dialog: covered in mud. If you had a
dialog: “stupid” bicycle you could go home
dialog: and change. But you don’t, so you
dialog: can’t.
text: Wajda, hurt, looks up as he slowly pedals away with the other
text: boys, all on bikes as well, talking and laughing. They ride
text: in circles, challenging each other and showing off.
text: Wajda clutches her soaking veil, watching them all ride away
text: together, happy and free.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: I’1ll get one and show you.
text: As she smooths out her veil, now too dirty to put back on,
text: she doesn’t see Abdullah glancing back with a pained, sorry
dialog: look.
scene_heading: EXT. INSIDE THE FRONT GATE OF THE SCHOOL - DAY 11
text: Wajda tries to blend in with the other girls and sneak in.
text: MS. HUSSA, (35), the pretty but stoic principal, stands
text: inside the wall that protects the privacy of the school
dialog: entrance.
text: A loud LAUGH comes from the gate as Fatin and Fatima enter.
text: Ms. Hussa moves towards them.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: All right girls, you are just
dialog: behind the gate, don't laugh so
dialog: loudly. Women's voices shouldn't
dialog: carry outside the door!
text: Fatin smiles and nudges Fatima. They giggle but act polite.
speaker_heading: FATIMA
dialog: Sorry, Ms. Hussa.
speaker_heading: FATIN
dialog: It won’t happen again.
text: Wajda seizes the opportunity to try to sneak past but--
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Wajda!
text: Caught! Wajda stops, turns to face her.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: (with malicious enjoyment)
dialog: Where is your head cover? Are you
dialog: coming to school unveiled?! And who
dialog: put those awful clips in your hair?
text: The girls all stop talking and giggle at her, except for
text: Fatin and Fatima who watch sympathetically.
text: Wajda looks down in frustration at her wet veil.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL INTERIOR COURTYARD - DAY 12
text: The midday sun burns directly above Wajda as she stands in
text: the corner of the schoolyard, punished.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEIGHBORHOOD STREETS - DAY 13
text: Wajda's sneakers stand out from all the other girls in plain
text: black shoes, leaving school. Her eyes then catch colorful
text: majestic feet as a group of boys pedal by on their bicycles.
text: They kick up dust and laugh, gliding past. Wajda watches them
text: forlornly as they disappear around the corner.
text: Wajda continues walking, throwing the stone her Father gave
text: her at various targets. She misses a few times and then
text: finally hears a “Ping” as it hits its first mark: A SHINY
speaker_heading: GREEN BICYCLE
text: Somehow perched above the other side of a fence.
text: She stares at it, intrigued, for several seconds, as it seems
text: to float on the other side of the fence. She picks up her
text: black stone and entranced, her eyes follow this vision.
text: Suddenly it begins to move across the top of the fence, until
text: it comes to the end, where Wajda sees that it’s resting on
text: the top of a moving truck. Her heart locks on it and without
text: even thinking, she runs after the bicycle as it disappears
text: down the next block.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE TOY SHOP - DAY 14
text: Wajda’s feet race, her eyes like steel and she finally
text: catches up to the truck now parked in front of a toy shop.
dialog: 15
dialog: 10.
text: Men unload boxes and bicycles wrapped in plastic bags. She
text: cranes her neck. Where is the green one?
text: As Wajda moves forward she hears a SPLASH! She looks down.
text: She's standing in a stream of water. She moves to the side.
text: As the truck pulls away the TOY SHOP OWNER goes into the shop
text: and brings out THE BICYCLE. He puts it on display in the
text: front, out in the sun. He takes a sign from his clipboard,
text: writes, "Only 500 Riyals," and places it on the handlebars.
text: He goes back inside the store and puts an "Talal Maddah"
text: record on an old record player, glancing at this strange
text: little girl still standing outside his door.
text: Her eye then shift to the sign and the price as the MUSIC
text: drifts out of the store.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CONSTRUCTION SITE - DAY 15
dialog: Wajda counts the small wad of money she made at school today
text: and stuffs it back into her pocket in frustration. She takes
text: out the black stone from her pocket and throws it across the
text: field at a coke bottle. A group of WORKERS yell suggestive
text: insults at her.
speaker_heading: INDIAN WORKER
dialog: Nice throw! Come up and play
dialog: with us! Let me touch those little
dialog: apples.
text: Wajda freezes and pretends she didn't hear him.
text: They laugh vulgarly at her. As she hurries towards the rock,
text: Abdullah appears and picks it up. He throws it far across the
text: lot, knocking another coke bottle out of its place.
text: Wajda relaxes, relieved to see him, but then acts upset as
text: she runs and picks up the stone. She picks up another one and
text: throws it back towards him.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Take this! And stop following
dialog: me. I don't want to play with you
dialog: any more. They made me stand up all
dialog: day at school in the sun for not
dialog: having a veil today.
text: The rock falls short of Abdullah's feet. He looks at Wajda,
text: ashamed. Wajda puts her stone in her pocket, glaring at him.
text: He picks up the rock and runs to his bicycle and pulls out a
dialog: package.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Here, I got you this.
text: Wajda looks at him, walks over and takes the package. She
text: opens it and unfurls a new black veil with a yellow flower
text: made of beads on the corner. She acts defiant as she puts it
text: in her bag.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: This doesn't make us even, you
dialog: know. We'll get even when we race.
dialog: I‘1l have my new bicycle very soon.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: What? Girls can't have bicycles!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Then I guess it will be that much
dialog: more embarrassing for you when I
dialog: beat you!
text: Wajda walks away in a huff. Abdullah looks at the stone she
text: threw at him and stuffs it in his pocket.
text: Abdullah rides away on his bicycle as a small pick-up truck
text: passes by causing a huge cloud of dust over Abdullah. Wajda
text: looks back and laughs.
text: The CONTRACTOR gets out of his car and heads towards the
dialog: workers.
text: He looks at Abdullah.
speaker_heading: CONTRACTOR
dialog: Hey, you, go away little boy!
text: Abdullah is upset. The Contractor goes over to the workers.
speaker_heading: CONTRACTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: All day and only one pillar? 5 men
dialog: working and I get only one pillar?
text: He slaps one of them on his neck.
speaker_heading: CONTRACTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Go to car go.. We have to finish
text: working on the other building.
text: He stuffs the workers onto the back of the truck. Some of the
text: workers put wet towels on their heads to avoid the unbearable
dialog: heat.
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEIGHBORHOOD STREETS - DAY 16
text: Wajda’s sneakers kick up small clouds of dust as she heads
text: home. Green bushes have just been planted on the side of the
text: road. She leans over and smells them. She smiles and picks
text: the leaves off, one by one.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S ROOM - DAY 17
text: Wajda sits at her desk with her money out in front of her.
text: The green leaves are now sorted into small plastic bags to
text: the side. She writes "500 Riyals" on a piece of paper and
text: draws a chart underneath. She sorts the notes and counts
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: 10 riyals, 15 riyals, 17, 18, 19,
dialog: 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25 riyals.
text: She writes "25 Riyals" on the chart. Then Wajda sits on the
text: floor with her foot extended and wraps strings around her big
text: toe making woven bracelets. She checks a list of girls' names
dialog: and football teams.
text: She hears the DOOR opening and goes to meet her Mother.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 18
text: Wajda's Mother's face is puffy and red. She falls down on the
text: couch exhausted, removes her veil and fans herself with it.
text: Her hair loks messy but full of ribbons and curls.
text: Wajda turns on the air conditioner, grinning. Her Mother
text: looks at her as she struggles to lift herself from the couch.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: I don't like this look. What are
dialog: you up to?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (excited)
dialog: I'm going to buy a bicycle to
dialog: race Abdullah Al Hanofi!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: Three hours in the car without AC!
dialog: I swear this commute is going to
dialog: kill me and you tell me bicycle?
text: She takes off her shoes and black socks, rubbing her feet.
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Absolutely forget about getting
dialog: a bicycle. Have you ever seen any
dialog: girl riding a bicycle? (pause)
dialog: I'd rather sell fruit down at the
dialog: hospital than go on this hideous
dialog: trip every day!
text: Wajda makes a face and stomps off to her room. Her Mother
text: goes to her bedroom and picks up a man's dirty blue uniform
text: from the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEIGHBORHOOD STREETS - DAY 19
text: Wajda hurries off through the gate of a house.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM OF WAJDA'S GRANDMOTHER'S HOUSE - DAY 20
text: She enters and finds her GRANDMOTHER, an overweight woman in
text: her 60's, watching TV, the remote in her hand.
speaker_heading: GRANDMOTHER
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Wajda! What are you doing here so
dialog: early?
text: Wajda smiles. She goes up and kisses her forehead.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Good morning, Grandmother. Hope you
dialog: are doing well today. Look what I
dialog: got you!
text: Wajda gives her a plastic bag filled with green leaves. She
text: then opens her abbayah, exposing a navy-blue vest on top of
text: her gray uniform. She smiles wider.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: See, Grandmother, I'm wearing the
dialog: vest you made me.
speaker_heading: GRANDMOTHER
dialog: (smiling but suspicious)
dialog: It's nice of you to think of me
dialog: this early in the morning!
text: She looks happily at the vest and smells the leaves. She
text: pulls her braided hair from her veil and replaces the
text: withering leaves with the fresh ones Wajda brought.
dialog: 21
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Only 10 riyals! I brought some for
dialog: your friend Um Khalid too!
text: The Grandmother, twisting her lips in annoyance, slips her
text: feet into her shoes, sighs, lifts herself slowly out of her
text: chair and walks toward the next room.
speaker_heading: GRANDMOTHER
dialog: Did your Mother send you?
text: She struggles to get herself down a small step. Wajda looks
text: at her sympathetically and helps her. Her Grandmother gently
text: pats Wadja's back.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: No, Grandma! I'm trying to save
dialog: some money.. to buy a nice abbayah.
speaker_heading: GRANDMOTHER
dialog: I don't know what to do with you or
dialog: your Father. He’s always nagging
dialog: me, "Should I take a second wife? I
dialog: need a son." I tell him, "Go home
dialog: to your wife and daughter and leave
dialog: me alone," but he keeps coming here
dialog: with a list of families I have to
dialog: call for brides.
text: The Grandmother gets her wallet and gives Wajda 10 riyals.
speaker_heading: GRANDMOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: He can't even buy an abbayah for
dialog: his daughter. Where would he get a
dialog: dowry for a second wife?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Thanks, Grandma!
text: Wajda runs out, avoiding looking at her Grandmother.
scene_heading: EXT. INSIDE THE FRONT GATE OF THE SCHOOL - DAY 21
text: Wajda walks past Ms. Hussa, tea-cup in hand, bored, watching
text: the crowd of girls flow through the gate.
text: Noura approaches Ms. Hussa coyly. She gathers up her courage
text: and holds out a single flower with a note attached.
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: This is for you.
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 15.
text: Wajda watches from the corner of her eye. Ms. Hussa looks
text: questionably at Noura, takes the flower and reads the note.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Thank you for your feelings, but
dialog: you know you are not supposed to
dialog: bring flowers to school.
text: Noura reddens. Ms. Hussa gives her back the flower then heads
text: over to the gate, not noticing the note falling to the
dialog: ground.
text: Wajda rushes over, picks the note up, stealthily looks at it,
text: laughs, sticks it in her vest pocket and hurries inside.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM — DAY 22
text: Wajda enters. One girl cleans the blackboard while others
dialog: copy each other's homework.
speaker_heading: ONE OF THE GIRLS
dialog: (to another girl)
dialog: Change the sentence a little, she
dialog: will know you copied it!
dialog: (noticing Wajda)
dialog: Here comes the salesgirl!
speaker_heading: ANOTHER GIRL
dialog: Hey Wajda, did you finish the
dialog: bracelets?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Not all. I have only 10.
dialog: You have to pay 2 riyals extra.
dialog: It's a lot of work!
text: The girls gather as she hands out bracelets and collects
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Quickly, I have to go!
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOLYARD - DAY 23
text: Wajda is playing on the hopscotch grid. Noura raises her head
text: and looks off into the distance.
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: We need to go inside! Men are
dialog: watching us!
dialog: 16.
text: All the girls look to where Noura is pointing. Wajda can
text: barely make out a group of construction workers atop a
text: building in the distance.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
text: They're so far away; they can't see
dialog: us from there.
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: If you can see them, they can see
dialog: you. Come on, all good girls are
text: going inside.
text: She smirks at Wajda as the girls all follow her in. Shamed,
text: Wajda thinks, then smiles and calls out.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Hey Noura!
dialog: (pulls out the note)
dialog: "I love you, Ms. Hussa. You are
dialog: like the moon, my dream, my eyes,
dialog: and my heart!" Ha Ha!
text: Noura looks furiously at Wajda who waves the note in the air,
text: making kissing noises. She puts the note into her vest pocket
text: and tosses a rock onto the hop-scotch grid. Noura storms
dialog: inside.
text: Wajda looks up to see Fatin and Fatima pass by looking at a
text: magazine while walking towards the back of the school.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, you shouldn't be outside, men
dialog: can see you!
speaker_heading: FATIN
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Men are watching? What a scandal!
dialog: They'll tell everyone they saw
dialog: Wajda al Safan playing
text: provocatively in the schoolyard.
dialog: They can't miss you, especially in
dialog: that sexy vest of yours.
text: She and Fatima smile and head over to Wajda.
speaker_heading: FATIN (CONT'D)
dialog: So, what's the latest mix?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (excited, like a salesman)
dialog: It's got everything, "Bink, get the
dialog: barty start..."
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: FATIMA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: "Party."
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Whatever, "party." 10 riyals.
speaker_heading: FATIN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You little devil, I don't know
dialog: where you get this music from. I'll
dialog: get one later for sure. Hey, what
dialog: about bracelets? Look at this
dialog: gorgeous creature.
text: (holds up a picture of a
dialog: football player)
dialog: I want a bracelet of his team- Al
dialog: Hilal.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (inspecting the picture)
dialog: No problem, I'll make you a special
dialog: one for tomorrow, but 10 riyals.
speaker_heading: FATIN
dialog: (patting her head)
dialog: Okay, tomorrow then, little
dialog: hustler.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
text: (smiling, pulling her head
dialog: away )
dialog: Don't mess my hair! And hey, you're
dialog: not supposed to bring magazines to
dialog: school! Ms. Hussa will kill you.
speaker_heading: FATIN
dialog: Look who's talking! Your bag is a
text: 24 hour convenience store.
text: The three laugh and Wajda continues playing. Fatin and Fatima
text: sit just past the corner of the building. They pull out nail
text: polish from their pockets and start painting their toenails
text: blue, the magazine open next to them.
text: Wajda stops halfway through a leap on the hopscotch grid, her
text: left foot still elevated, as she sees Ms. Hussa approach.
text: The girls quickly rush inside, dropping the nail polish
text: bottle on the bench. Ms. Hussa turns to find Wajda alone,
text: staring at her.
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: What are you doing there?
dialog: Go to your class right now or
dialog: you'll be punished!
text: Wajda stares down at the ground and quickly follows Ms. Hussa
text: into the building. She sees the bottle of blue nail polish,
text: scoops it up and hurries off.
scene_heading: EXT. INSIDE THE FRONT GATE OF THE SCHOOL - LATER 24
text: Ms. Hussa stands in front of the gate, examining the girls as
text: they pass. She stops one girl with a "Titanic" backpack.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR - DAY 25
text: Wajda’s about to leave when an older girl, ABER, pulls her
text: aside and whispers to her.
speaker_heading: ABEER
dialog: Can you take this paper out to my
dialog: brother?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: ABEER
dialog: Shh! It’s a.. permission slip to
dialog: pick me up from school.
text: Wajda glances over at Ms. Hussa, concerned.
speaker_heading: ABEER (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispering, but adamant)
dialog: I'll give you 10 riyals!
text: Wajda looks back at Ms. Hussa, then at Abeer.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: 20.
text: Abeer sighs, gives her some money and the note.
speaker_heading: ABEER
text: He's outside on the corner ina
text: pickup truck.
text: Wajda goes out cautiously, trying to act casual.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: EXT. INSIDE THE FRONT GATE OF THE SCHOOL - DAY 26
text: Ms. Hussa scolds the backpack girl, who anxiously watches the
text: bus fill up.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: «And change your bag, images are
dialog: forbidden!
dialog: Ms. Hussa
dialog: gate.
dialog: She tries
dialog: Ms. Hussa
dialog: pulls her
speaker_heading: BACKPACK GIRL
dialog: (running towards the bus)
dialog: Okay, okay, Inshallah. I've got to
dialog: catch the bus!
text: turns just as Wajda’s about to leave through the
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Wajda!
text: to hide the paper in her bag and heads over.
text: pauses, looks at Wajda, then over to Abeer. Abeer
text: veil quickly over her face and turns away. Ms.
text: Hussa squints down at Wajda, studying her.
dialog: She hands
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Come with an abbayah like this
dialog: tomorrow or we will reserve your
dialog: place in the sun for you. Here.
text: Wajda a pamphlet with a picture of a black figure
text: on the front. Wajda takes it and hurries off.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF THE SCHOOL - DAY 27
text: Wajda passes by the school bus, overflowing with girls, and
text: sees a handsome YOUNG MAN, (20's), by a pickup truck,
dialog: waiting.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Are you Abeer's brother?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yeah sure, I'm her brother. Have
dialog: you got the paper?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (holding it out)
dialog: Yeah, she said you'd give me 20
dialog: riyals to deliver it.
dialog: 28
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (skeptically)
dialog: Really? Hmmm.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (haughtily)
dialog: You don't look like her brother!
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Okay, okay here's 20.
text: Wajda takes the money and sniffs it, making a funny face.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Even your money reeks of perfume!
dialog: I'll have to wash it.
text: He tries to suppress a smile, dismisses her with a wave, and
text: gets in his car. He drives around in front of the gate.
speaker_heading: GUARD (V.O.)
dialog: Abeer Rassi come to the gate. Your
dialog: ride is here to pick you up.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE TOY SHOP - DAY 28
text: Wajda sees the green bicycle glimmering in the afternoon sun
text: and stops in awe.
text: As The Owner comes out, Wajda licks her finger and rubs an
text: "X" on the bicycle, claiming it. Her face beams with
dialog: happiness.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (indicating her “X"”)
dialog: Don't sell this one. I reserved it!
text: The Owner uses his sleeve to rub the bicycle clean where she
dialog: touched it.
text: He looks down at her with a glimmer in his eyes.
text: THE CALL FOR DHUHUR PRAYER interrupts the moment. He covers
text: his goods with a big black blanket. Wajda watches as the
text: blanket falls over her bicycle.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEIGHBORHOOD STREETS - DAY 29
text: Abdullah is amongst A CROWD OF MEN heading to pray at the
text: mosque by the toy shop along with HIS FATHER and mustached
text: UNCLE. As Wajda sees him she turns away and hides the
text: distinguishing yellow flower on her veil under her abbayah.
text: As she turns back Abdullah sees her in the crowd. They look
text: at each other. She gestures with her eyes to the handle of
text: the green bicycle showing underneath the blanket.
text: Abdullah rubs his fingers together to show that it will take
text: money to buy it. Wajda takes out twenty riyals from her
text: pocket and waves it defiantly at him. She turns her head
text: proudly and struts off.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S PARENTS’ ROOM - NIGHT 30
text: Wajda’s on her Mother's bed, legs on the headboard, her
text: toenails now painted blue. Her Mother sits in front of the
text: mirror straightening her hair and singing beautifully.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I'll write you a love letter. Tell
dialog: you how much I miss you...
text: She takes another lock of hair and runs the iron over it.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I wish I could cut my hair shorter
dialog: like Lubna Abdul Aziz.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Do it.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Your Father loves my long hair.
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I'll write you a love letter. Tell
dialog: you how much I miss you...
text: She takes out a bandana to wrap her hair and sees a new tube
text: of lipstick in front of her.
text: The Mother looks at Wajda in the mirror with a touched smile.
text: Wajda sees her Mother smiling and turns away shyly. Her
text: Mother applies the lipstick.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd thank you for this but I'm
dialog: afraid to ask where you got the
dialog: money. Did you ask your Grandmother
dialog: for it?
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I sold her stuff! It's not charity!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I don't want you going over there!
dialog: Your Father finishes his shift
dialog: early tomorrow night. What should
dialog: we cook? Margoog?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I hate margoog. And is he going to
dialog: give me my allowance this month or
dialog: is he going to skip it again?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (ironing her hair)
dialog: Your Father loves margoog. We'll
dialog: cook it for him.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Cook me kapsa! He’s paying the
dialog: second wife's dowry off with my
dialog: allowance!
text: Wajda's Mother stops ironing, her body language becomes stiff
dialog: and tense.
text: Wajda reddens, Her Mother remains silent, ties the bandana
text: into place, rises, and exits to the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR - DAY 31
text: As Wajda she sees Ms. Hussa at the end of the hall, glaring
text: intensely at her.
scene_heading: INT. MS. HUSSA'S OFFICE - DAY 32
text: An avalanche of items comes pouring out of Wajda's backpack
text: onto the desk as Ms. Hussa shakes out its contents. Wajda
text: sits nervously in a chair. The rock her Father gave her
text: tumbles off the desk and onto the floor next to her.
text: Ms. Hussa shakes her head as she goes through the bracelets,
text: cassettes, schoolbooks, notebooks and candy bars. She picks
text: up one of the tapes and relaxes back into her chair.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: (Authoritatively)
dialog: Tapes full of love songs,
dialog: bracelets, all of this... You know
dialog: are not allowed in school!
text: She opens a folder, signing papers as she talks.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Abeer was always a good girl. Do
dialog: you know how she ended up getting
text: picked up with a strange boy by the
dialog: religious police?
text: Wajda remains silent, trying not to fidget.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Thank God they found someone to
dialog: marry her off to, it's not like her
dialog: family will let her come back to
dialog: school after this.
text: Ms. Hussa stops signing, sits back in her chair and stares at
text: Wajda, who looks back at her nervously.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: So, did you arrange this whole
dialog: rendezvous for Abeer and her lover?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: No, I didn't!
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Don’t lie. I know you took part in
dialog: this. I just don’t know how. What
dialog: shall we do with you now? Expel
dialog: you?
text: Suddenly her secretary, MS. JAMILA, enters the room. Ms.
text: Hussa stops and looks at the folder in her hand.
text: Wajda looks down and notices her black stone. She quickly
dialog: pockets it.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: (To Ms. Jamila)
dialog: Just a moment please.
dialog: (To Wajda)
dialog: You may go back to your class.
dialog: We'll finish this matter later.
text: Wajda takes her notebooks off of the desk and puts them
text: slowly back into her backpack. She walks towards the door.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: And Wajda, wear normal black shoes
dialog: like all the other girls!
scene_heading: 33 INT. MRS. HUSSA'S OFFICE/CORRIDOR - DAY 33
text: Wajda stands outside and listens.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Call Wajda's Mother and see if she
dialog: can come in for a meeting tomorrow.
dialog: We have to decide once and for all,
dialog: what to do about that girl.
text: Wajda becomes terrified.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Now what is this?
speaker_heading: MS. JAMILA (0.S.)
dialog: The proposal for the Koran
dialog: competition in the religion club.
dialog: We just need your signature to
dialog: request the prize money awards.
dialog: $800 riyals.
text: Wajda’s ears perk up at the amount of money. Thinks...
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (0.S.)
dialog: At least we have something good to
dialog: show the superintendant. Thank God
dialog: not all the girls are delinquents.
dialog: All right, let’s get started on it.
text: Wajda’s heart races. She pulls together all her courage and
text: knocks on Ms. Hussa's door.
scene_heading: 34 INT. MS. HUSSA'S OFFICE - DAY 34
text: Ms. Hussa takes a deep breath, and looks at Wajda, who
text: nervously crosses her feet to cover her black high tops.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I thought about what you said. I
dialog: was wrong and am ready to change. I
dialog: would like to join the religious
dialog: club.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: (incredulous )
dialog: You are becoming a Shiekha
dialog: all of a sudden?
dialog: 35
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Maybe I'll learn something. You
dialog: know.. to put me on the righteous
dialog: path.
text: Ms. Hussa peers at her, suspiciously.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: I will call your Mother tomorrow
dialog: and speak to her about this. If we
dialog: agree, it’s your last chance.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - EVENING 35
text: Wajda's Mother makes margoog, working handfuls of dough
text: between her hands while she sings. Wajda cuts the dough as
text: the Mother puts some in the pan.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I'll write you a love letter. Tell
dialog: you how much I miss you...
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Don't you wish you were a singer?
dialog: You sing so well!
text: Wajda's Mother feigns shock.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Never! I seek refuge to God from
dialog: what you said! Woman's voices
dialog: shouldn't carry beyond the front
dialog: door.
text: Her Mother continues singing, now performing dramatically.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll write you a love letter;
dialog: Tells you how much I miss you.
dialog: Explains my pain in your absence.
text: Wajda joins her Mother in singing.
scene_heading: WAJDA AND HER MOTHER
dialog: Why did you leave? You forgot our
dialog: nights? I'll write you a love
dialog: letter...
text: Wajda and her Mother laugh together. After a moment...
dialog: 36
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: So I've saved up 87 riyals already
dialog: and I only need 413 to get the
dialog: bicyc--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Ouuuff! Again! We closed this
dialog: subject! You are not getting a
dialog: bicycle. It is haram!
text: They stand in silence while they cook idly. Wajda sighs and
text: after a moment smiles and looks away casually.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: They said I need to wear the full
dialog: abbayah to school from now on. I
dialog: also registered in the religious
dialog: studies club.
text: The Mother smiles reluctantly.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Wow, wearing the full abbayah now,
dialog: religious study, someone has become
dialog: a woman, maybe we will marry you
dialog: off!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (scowling)
dialog: Ha ha. That's not funny.
text: Her Mother tries not to smile, acting busy with her cooking.
text: She puts last bit of dough in the pan, washes her hands and
text: goes to the bedroom.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Come with me.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S PARENTS’ ROOM - NIGHT 36
text: The Mother pulls out an abbayah from the cabinet and hands it
dialog: to Wajda.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Try this.
dialog: (laughing) )
dialog: It might be long for you. Carry it
dialog: like this:
text: Her Mother bunches her dress up in her hands and walks around
text: the room as if she were wearing high heels. Wajda copies her
dialog: exaggerated movements.
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Just like Ms. Hussa!
dialog: (bashful) )
dialog: Oh no, a thief!
text: She shakes her butt and pretends to scamper away.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: I know! The girls told me the
dialog: story about the thief that jumped
dialog: the fence of their house to see
dialog: her...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (suppressing a smile)
dialog: Shame on you, talking like this.
dialog: We don't know, it could have been a
dialog: thief.
text: They burst into laughter together. Wajda puts on the abbayah
text: and the veil while her Mother looks out the window.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Your Uncle's wedding is coming up,
dialog: you know. I have to buy something
dialog: really nice so all the other women
dialog: know what they’re up against.
text: Wajda turns to her Mother, all in black. The phone RINGS.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY 37
text: Her Mother talks on the phone while checking the margoog.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I'm so sorry, Leila. Iqbal our
dialog: driver is so rude. He shouted at
dialog: poor Aiesha today. Aiesha who never
dialog: raises her voice! She cried the
text: whole three hours on the way home.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S ROOM - EVENING 38
text: Wajda counts her money. The abbayah is on the bed. She goes
text: to the list with "500 Riyals" written at the top, crosses out
text: "25 Riyals" and counts and sorts the banknotes she has.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: 45, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 81, 82,
dialog: 83, 84, 85, 86...87 riyals.
text: She writes "87 riyals" on the chart.
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Leila, dear, we're completely full.
dialog: Honestly, you'd be better off with
text: another driver.
text: Wajda kisses the money with an enthusiastic "smack" and puts
text: it in the drawer.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Really? Abeer? Daughter of Mariam?
dialog: How did she even end up in a car
dialog: with him? Who is he? Of course,
dialog: he’s a playboy like his Father.
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: You have to admit, he is good
dialog: looking.
text: Wajda sits up on the edge of the chair, concerned.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Religious police? Mariam must be
dialog: dying! They should have married her
dialog: off a long time ago. Pretty girls
dialog: are like curses.
text: They hear the front door open and someone come in.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY 39
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I have to go, our Father has just
dialog: come. Keep me in the loop on this
dialog: Abeer scandal. Yalla bye.
text: She quickly hangs up, removes her bandana and fixes her hair.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S ROOM - DAY 40
text: Wajda sits in her room waiting and looking concerned. Her
text: Mother peeks in.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Go and say hello to your Father as
dialog: I prepare his dinner. What's wrong?
dialog: Are you okay? Don't worry we won't
dialog: marry you
dialog: off...
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Not just yet!
dialog: 4l
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAJLIS - DAY 41
text: Her Father sits on the floor playing a video game on the TV.
text: His gutra and Ogal are folded up next to him with a brand new
text: cell phone on top. A string of light blue prayer beads are
text: next to him as well. He turns and smiles at her.
text: Wajda walks past him to a side table and casually turns a
text: framed certificate of excellence in math towards him. He
text: quickly glances at it. She collapses casually onto the couch.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I'm losing, I should have stayed
dialog: with my usual fighter.
text: On the screen a warrior rests, haggard from the fight.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: So is that a real certificate or a
dialog: fake one like you made last year?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: What?! I'm great at math, do you
dialog: want to hear...
dialog: (mispronouncing it)
dialog: pythagoreium’s theory? It's a
dialog: miracle of God, all the things come
dialog: out the same!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Sounds like you know what you're
dialog: talking about.
text: He laughs and continues playing. She waits a moment, then...
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I'm saving to buy a bicycle!
text: Her Father is so focused on his game he doesn’t hear her. He
text: loses and the MUSIC announces the end of the match. He leans
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Oh, where is the margoog? Didn't
dialog: your Mother finish cooking?
text: Wajda watches him as he runs his prayer beads idly between
text: his fingers. Her Mother enters and sets dishes on a little
text: mat on the floor just beside the Father who lights up at her
text: presence. She is all dressed up, looking her best.
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Wajda, who is this movie star who
dialog: just entered? Look at this hair, a
dialog: beautiful black waterfall of silk!
text: The Mother tosses back her hair, pleased, but hiding it.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Cut it out!
dialog: (teasing, yet bitter)
dialog: A movie star huh? Then why is your
dialog: Mother checking all over town for
dialog: available women for you?
text: The Father looks up and their eyes meet with pained looks. He
text: reaches out and puts his hand on hers. She pauses for a
text: second and looks at him tenderly. She playfully pulls her
text: hand away and tosses her hair over her shoulder.
text: He bursts into a charming laugh and pulls her towards him.
text: Wajda watches them together, happily.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I'm not sure she's working that
dialog: hard! Sit and play with me!
text: She laughs seductively while she frees herself and continues
text: setting up the plates.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Let me play! I'll take the old guy!
dialog: Prepare to die!
text: She jumps off the couch while the Father is laughing.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY 42
text: Wajda sits in class, looking out the doorway into the
text: corridor. Suddenly she sees her Mother walking with Ms Hussa
text: to her office and goes rigid.
text: Her Mother nervously fixes her hair and adjusts her blouse.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS IN FRONT OF THE TOY SHOP - DAY 43
text: Frazzled, Wajda walks quickly home staring straight ahead.
text: She looks up and sees the bicycle in front of the shop.
text: The Toy Shop Owner sits, drinking tea with ANOTHER MAN. A
text: BEARDED MAN approaches.
text: The other man puts down his tea cup and quickly exits.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 31.
text: The Owner gets up to walk into the store with the Bearded
text: Man. The owner is trying to be cordial with him.
text: The man breaks one of the toys.
text: Wajda hurries off. She hears the man shouting.
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN (0.S.)
dialog: No idols! Don't you fear God?
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY 44
text: The Mother cleans a pile of dishes from the previous night.
text: One slips off her shaking hands and falls to the ground. She
text: leans on the edge of the sink and yells loudly.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: All this for a bicycle that you'll
dialog: never have as long as I'm alive. Do
dialog: you think I'll wait around until
dialog: you get expelled?!!
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S ROOM - DAY 45
text: Wajda covers her ears as her Mother breaks another dish - on
text: purpose this time. Wajda turns on the radio to a ROCK SONG.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: And turn off that damn radio and
dialog: those evil songs! You're no better
text: than Abeer. She's staying home and
text: her parents are marrying her off.
dialog: And that is what we'll do with you
dialog: too! There's no school for you
dialog: tomorrow!
text: Wajda turns it off and lies down, looking at her shoes.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 46
text: Wajda's Mother paces, talking on the phone, agitated.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I know Iqbal, but my daughter had a
dialog: problem at school. I didn't have
dialog: time to tell you. You're paid for
dialog: the trip whether I am there or not.
dialog: Don't come tomorrow.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: How dare you speak to me that way?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 47
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think you are the only
dialog: driver in town?.. Fine! I'll find
dialog: someone else!
text: She SLAMS the phone down hard and leans back into the couch.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S ROOM - NIGHT 47
text: Wajda sits on her bed with her knee to her chin, coloring in
text: the white toe and sole of her shoe with a black marker. She
text: pulls out the colored laces and sadly replaces them with
text: black twine from her bracelets.
text: We hear the door opening and her Father comes in. Wajda tries
dialog: to listen.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Really? I should pay for it? Why
dialog: can’t you pay for something for
dialog: once?
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: What about your transportation
dialog: allowance? You should use it
dialog: instead of doing that group where
dialog: you all pool your money.
text: Wajda puts down her shoes and leans her head on the door.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah, and what about the dowry
dialog: money, you handsome groom?
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: Do you think I want to support two
dialog: families? I'm the joke of the town.
dialog: Are you going to give me a son? We
dialog: both know that is not going to
dialog: happen.
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Forget it, and don't count on me
dialog: coming next week at all!
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: (yelling after him)
dialog: I don't care! Go to your mother’s
dialog: house to discuss potential brides
dialog: all night!
text: A door SLAMS, then only silence. Wajda's eyes fall on the
text: chart she made to map out her savings for the bicycle.
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S ROOM - DAY 48
text: As Wajda prepares to leave for school she looks through the
text: half open door of her Mother's room. Her Mother’s talking on
text: the phone, her hair a mess, looking exhausted.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Can't you count it as emergency
dialog: leave? I still have some days. You
dialog: know I've been working hard,
dialog: covering for everyone. I'll open up
dialog: for the entire month if I have to.
dialog: Okay, thank you, see you tomorrow.
text: She hangs up, distraught then sees Wajda through the doorway.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Where do you think you're going?
dialog: Didn't you hear me yesterday?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I sorted everything out with Ms.
dialog: Hussa!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Back to your room and don't come
dialog: out. I don't want to see you today
dialog: at all, I don't want to hear a peep
dialog: from you - nothing!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Aren't you going to work today?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: No darling, I'm staying here to
dialog: watch over you. Happy?
text: The Mother gets into bed and rolls over, covering herself
text: with the blanket.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S ROOM - DAY 49
text: Wajda turns on the RADIO and lowers the volume until it’s
text: barely audible. She looks through her doorway at the house-
text: keys hanging by the front door. She can see her Mother on the
text: couch, smoking, watching TV, completely depressed.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY 50
text: Wajda sneaks past her Mother to the stairwell to the roof.
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD OF WAJDA'S HOUSE - DAY 51
text: Wajda carefully lowers herself down a pipe along the side of
text: the house. She slips and her black rock falls from her pocket
text: onto the ground. Through the window she sees her Mother cover
text: herself and rush over. She pulls herself against the wall and
text: freezes. The Mother looks out, cautiously. Wajda holds onto
text: the pipe, holding her breath. Her Mother finally returns to
text: the couch and Wajda lowers herself down.
text: She opens the gate, takes gum out of her mouth and sticks in
text: into the lock so it doesn't close completely.
scene_heading: EXT. ABDULLAH'S SCHOOL - DAY 52
text: Wajda waits by the boys' school, hiding behind a wall, until
text: Abdullah finally arrives on his bicycle. Wajda throws a stone
text: next to him and he looks over, surprised to see her.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Do you know how to go to Adira?
scene_heading: EXT. ADIRA STREET - DAY 53
text: Wajda rides on the back of Abdullah's bicycle as he pedals
text: them along. As they pass the toy shop she sees the green
text: bicycle glimmer in the distance. His feet spin the pedals.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: You have to get off once we see
dialog: someone on the road. I don't want
dialog: people to talk about me. And cover
dialog: your face, I'll say you're my
dialog: sister!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: No one will believe you, I'm too
dialog: good looking to be related to you!
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Yeah right. And isn't the principal
dialog: going to call your Mother for
dialog: skipping school like this?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I’m taking a personal day.
text: They approach a busy road. Wajda gets off and walks alongside
dialog: him.
dialog: 35.
text: They arrive to an older part of the town where foreign
text: workers pass by. AN INDIAN MAN sits in front of a house,
text: smoking. Wajda approaches him, cautiously.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, do you know where Iqbal the
dialog: driver lives?
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: Do you know how many "Iqbal"
dialog: drivers there are around here,
dialog: little girl?
text: Wajda shrugs. They continue searching the area, from one
text: street to the other. Wajda suddenly sees the minibus with the
text: taped headlights parked next to a dilapidated house. She
text: moves closer and looks into the car. She sees the picture of
text: the little girl placed on the dashboard.
text: She motions for Abdullah to knock at the door, but he shakes
text: his head and stands behind his bicycle.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: It’s your war!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Fine!
text: Wajda frowns at him and knocks at the door. She waits several
text: moments and looks over at Abdullah, who looks away, ashamed.
text: She knocks again and the door slowly opens.
text: Iqbal stumbles out, rubs sleep from his eyes and sees Wajda.
speaker_heading: IQBAL
dialog: You! What do you want?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: You can't do this! You..you..
text: Wajda is overtaken by emotion and cannot speak. Iqbal
text: dismisses her and tries to close the door. Suddenly Abdullah
text: puts his foot inside.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: (assertively)
dialog: Where is your Iqamah (residency
dialog: card)?
text: Iqbal looks at him threateningly, enraged.
speaker_heading: IQBAL
dialog: Go away!
dialog: 54
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: (more assertively)
dialog: It is a good job, there are no
dialog: problems. Just go back to it and
dialog: we'll all forget about this
dialog: incident. Do you know who my Uncle
dialog: is? The one with the moustache?
dialog: Have you seen his election posters?
dialog: I'm sure he'd be interested to look
dialog: further into your legal status.
text: Abdullah holds his ground as Wajda folds her arms behind him,
text: looking at Iqbal challengingly.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEIGHBORHOOD STREETS - DAY 54
text: Wajda laughs hard as she runs after Abdullah, riding ahead on
text: his bicycle. Wajda mimics him.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: “Don't you know my Uncle? With the
dialog: giant mustache?”
text: Abdullah laughs as he dismounts.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: He knew him, right? That mustache
dialog: is a registered trademark!
text: Abdullah directs her attention to a house busy with MEN
text: coming in and out. He directs her away from the scene.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Their son put stuff around his
dialog: waist that blows up and died. Boom!
text: He acts out pulling a cord and makes an explosive noise.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: He's crazy! That must have hurt.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: No, if you die for God, it's like a
dialog: prick of a needle, and then you fly
dialog: up and you have seventy women!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Really?
text: She acts out a big explosion.
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Boom! Seventy bicycles!
text: Abdullah leans his bicycle against the wall and runs towards
text: a small grocery store. He shouts back to her.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: It doesn't work that way. Stay with
text: the bicycle so no one steals it.
text: Wajda leans on it and strikes a pose ala Marlon Brando in the
dialog: "The Wild One.”
scene_heading: INT. COURTYARD OF WAJDA'S HOUSE - DAY 55
text: Wajda looks through the window at her Mother, lying on the
text: couch. As soon as she gets up, Wajda ducks down quickly. She
text: waits for her Mother to go to the bathroom and then sneaks
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S ROOM - DAY 56
text: Wajda lies on her bed, exhausted. She looks over at her
text: savings chart and sorts her money again.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: 60, 70, 80, 85, 86, 87 riyals..
text: Her Mother pokes her head inside and Wajda shoves the money
text: under her pillow, feigning innocence and repentance.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Had enough?
text: Wajda nods.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Tomorrow you can return to school,
dialog: but you are joining that religious
dialog: club, like you told Ms. Hussa.
scene_heading: INT. THE MOSQUE - DAY 57
text: Wajda's black converses dangle above the floor while she sits
text: at a row of desks with twenty other girls. On the blackboard
text: the KORAN TEACHER writes "The Religious Club: Agenda" then
text: turns to the class.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: Let's compile all the stories we
dialog: know about torment in the grave and
dialog: make a pamphlet for the whole
dialog: school. Any ideas?
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: (raising her hand)
dialog: I want to tell the story of the
dialog: giant snake from Hell that was sent
dialog: to torture the girl that did not
dialog: pray after she died.
text: Wadja is busy drawing a picture of a bicycle when she hears
text: Ms. Hussa’s high heels approach. Behind Wajda, Yasmine
text: whispers to Noura, giggling.
speaker_heading: YASMINE
text: There was a thief at Ms. Hussa's
dialog: house...
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: It was her lover, not a thief! Her
dialog: Father thought it was a thief and
dialog: called the police!
text: A conservative older girl, SALMA, shushes them.
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: If she said it was a thief, then it
dialog: was a thief.
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: (rolling her eyes)
dialog: Of course you would think that,
dialog: Salma. The only man that would ever
dialog: speak to you would have to be a
dialog: thief.
text: Salma looks down, eyes watering. The girls giggle then
text: compose themselves as Ms. Hussa enters.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: Girls, Ms. Hussa is here to explain
dialog: the Koranic competition rules. It's
dialog: only five weeks away. I'll pass
text: around a sign up sheet.
text: The teacher hands out the sheet as Wajda tuns the page to
text: hide the bicycle drawing. Ms. Hussa glances at Wajda, then at
dialog: the class.
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: First, we've increased the amount
dialog: for the prize. It is now 1,000
dialog: instead of 800 riyals. You'll have
dialog: to learn all the long suras (the
dialog: first 4 chapters of the Koran).
text: Wajda raises her eyebrows. She flips through the Koran on
text: her desk and measures the amount of paper she would have to
dialog: learn.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: The competition is two parts:
dialog: you'll to study the associated
dialog: vocabulary along with the reasons
dialog: why the verses were descended from
dialog: heaven. You also have to learn the
dialog: verses and the proper recitation.
dialog: The correct tone, rhythm and pacing
dialog: are very important.
text: Wajda sneaks a look at her bicycle drawing and watches the
text: sign up sheet as it passes from one girl to another,
text: nervously. Salma is the first to sign up followed by Noura
dialog: and then Yasmine...
text: The sheet finally comes to her and Wajda scribbles her name.
text: Noura raises an eyebrow and looks to Yasmine as Wajda smugly
text: brings it up, hands it to intrigued Ms. Hussa and smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE TOY SHOP - DAY 58
text: Walking home from school, Wajda stops, checks out the bicycle
text: and then walks inside with determination.
scene_heading: INT. TOY SHOP - DAY 59
text: She exchanges a glance with The Owner as he counts his
text: receipts. He flips over a record on the player.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Do you know they invented a new
dialog: thing called a tape player?
scene_heading: TOY SHOP OWNER
dialog: Do you plan on buying anything?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: How would I know? People need to
dialog: browse, don't they?
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 40.
text: Nonchalantly, she walks around in the aisles pretending to
text: look at other toys. Her eyes stay focused on the bicycle
text: section. She looks up to see The Owner looking at her as he
text: organizes his records and she quickly turns away.
text: She heads to the computer game section and looks at one that
text: says "Learn the Koran the easy way." She studies it,
dialog: thinking.
scene_heading: TOY SHOP OWNER
dialog: You won't find any tapes back
dialog: there. We only have CD's.
text: He smiles, mockingly. Wajda looks back, suppressing a smile.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Thank you very much! See you
dialog: tomorrow
text: On her way out the door Wajda slowly passes by the bicycle
text: and runs her fingers through the ribbons on the handlebars.
scene_heading: TOY SHOP OWNER
dialog: Can you even ride one?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (confidently)
dialog: Ride? I race the wind.
text: Wajda trips as she exits. The Owner laughs in amusement and
text: turns up the record player.
scene_heading: INT. PHOTO SHOP - DAY 60
text: Wajda walks up to the counter and pulls out a photo.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Can you put this picture on a mug?
text: The picture shows a veiled woman holding a smiling baby girl.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEIGHBORHOOD STREETS - DAY 61
text: As Wajda waits for her mug, at the front of the store, she
text: throws her rock idly up in the air, keeping an eye on the
text: bicycle next door.
text: Abdullah rides up on his bicycle, which is loaded down with
text: rolls of lights and extension cords.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Hey, where's your bicycle? I
dialog: thought you're getting the nice
dialog: green one! HA!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (furious)
dialog: I will, I have a plan.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I'm sure you do, but it doesn't
text: seem to be working.
text: As he pedals away, the shopkeeper comes out and hands Wajda
text: the mug. She takes 15 riyals out of her pocket, looks at the
text: money, sighs and reluctantly hands it to him.
text: Wajda runs after Abdullah, determined to catch him. He laughs
text: and tries to pedal away, but is weighed down by the lights.
text: Wajda closes in on him, and pulls him down to the ground by
text: grabbing the string of lights over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (breathing heavily)
dialog: I just signed up for a Koranic
dialog: recitation competition. I'll get a
dialog: thousand riyals by the end of the
dialog: semester. I'll buy a bicycle anda
dialog: helmet like people on TV. I will
dialog: race you and win!
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Yeah.. Race me and win.. In your
dialog: dreams, little girl!
text: He laughs again, gets back on the bicycle and pedals off.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (yells)
dialog: I caught you didn't I?
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: I let you catch me!
scene_heading: 62 INT. WAJDA'S ROOM - DAY 62
text: Wajda counts her remaining money.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: 57, 58, 59, 60, 61...62 riyals.
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 42.
text: She sighs, picks up the mug, and stares at the picture on it.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 63
text: The TV is on, muted, in the background. Wajda lays on the
text: floor. She looks up at the TV and sees a commercial for the
text: movie the “Matrix”. Wajda's Mother, holding a phone to her
text: ear, looks at her disapprovingly. Her Mother collects herself
text: and turns away from Wajda. Her hair is up, with a few curls
text: dangling seductively on her neck. She smiles, flirtatiously.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Come on, don't you miss us? It’s
dialog: been almost two weeks. Are you
dialog: punishing us or have you already
dialog: found someone new?.. If I'm the
dialog: original brand, why do you look for
dialog: imitation?
text: After flirting with the Father her Mother hangs up, worried,
text: goes into her room and makes another call. Wajda takes the
text: chance to put the mug on the table.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)(CONT’D)
dialog: I collected the money from the
dialog: other girls for you, Leila. It’s
dialog: been with me for sometime now.
dialog: Aren't you coming to take it?..
dialog: Really! You're working in the
dialog: hospital across the road? What did
dialog: your husband say? Doesn't he mind
dialog: you working with men?!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What? Yes, great, we're home.
text: She hangs up. Wajda watches her go to her dresser and pull a
text: wad of money from a drawer. The doorbell RINGS. Her Mother
text: notices Wajda's curiosity and starts to close the door.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Go see who it is.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY 64
text: Wajda opens the door and sees Abdullah, holding a rolled up
text: extension cord over his shoulder. They stare at each other in
text: a confrontational way. Wajda acts annoyed.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: What do you want?
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: My Uncle wants me to string up
dialog: these lights all the way down the
dialog: street. Can I attach them to your
dialog: roof? And by the way you never said
dialog: thank you!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Use the neighbors; we don't care
dialog: about your Uncle or his mustache.
dialog: Thanks for what?
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: They don't have a pole to hang them
dialog: on. Yours is the only roof that
dialog: will work. "Thanks" for taking you
dialog: all the way to Adira and fixing the
dialog: driver situation. He’s taking your
dialog: Mother again, right?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (looking at his bicycle)
dialog: Hold on.
text: She slams the door and runs to her Mother's room.
scene_heading: 65 INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 65
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (yelling through the door)
dialog: Hey Mother! Abdulla Al Noufi wants
dialog: to use our roof to string up lights
dialog: for the election so his Uncle with
dialog: the mustache will win.
text: Her Mother opens the door, holding the mug, smiling at Wajda.
text: Wajda smiles back upon seeing the mug.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Thank you, sweetie. You were such a
dialog: cute baby.
dialog: (frowning suddenly)
dialog: Tell the boy to go away. His Uncle
dialog: is not even from our tribe and we
dialog: will not vote for him.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. FRONT OF WAJDA'S HOUSE - EVENING 66
text: Abdullah stands, impatiently. Wajda comes back, thinks.
dialog: 67
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (casually)
dialog: I'll let you onto the roof if you
dialog: bring your bicycle.
text: They look at each other defiantly across the doorway.
text: They both turn as a minibus full of foreign, mostly Filipino,
text: nurses stops in front of their building. A fully covered
text: Saudi woman, LEILA, jumps out. The minibus waits, idling.
text: Leila hurries up the stairs towards Wajda. She accidentally
text: bumps into Abdullah as he tries to move out of the way.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Hey Wajda, it's me Leila.
text: She removes her veil and exposes her face, smiling.
speaker_heading: LEILA (CONT'D)
dialog: You look so grown up and cute!
text: Wajda glances at Abdullah, making sure he heard the
text: compliment. He gets on his bicycle and pedals away.
speaker_heading: LEILA (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you call your Mother? The bus
text: is waiting.
text: Just then her Mother appears behind her. She stands just
text: behind the front gate, hiding from strangers.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You traitor! I can't believe you're
dialog: working so close to my house
dialog: without even telling me!
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY 67
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Working at the hospital is great.
dialog: It pays more, they provide
dialog: transportation and I don't have to
dialog: endure someone like Iqbal for three
dialog: hours every day!
text: Both women laugh. Wajda's Mother hands Leila the money.
speaker_heading: LEILA (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you, dear. When is your turn?
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Next month. I want to buy a nice
text: dress for her Uncle's engagement.
text: She gestures at Wajda, kicking a rock on the ground.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: All the other potential wives will
dialog: be attending his brother's wedding
dialog: as well.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: God be with the one he chooses--
dialog: You might rip her heart out that
dialog: night!
text: Wajda laughs and the Mother glares at her.
speaker_heading: LEILA (CONT'D)
dialog: Is he going to drive you to the
dialog: wedding so he sees you before you
dialog: go to the women's section?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No, his Mother is taking us ina
dialog: cab!
text: The minivan HONKS.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Ugh. I have to go. Oh before I
dialog: forget, they're hiring at the
dialog: hospital. Think about it. It’s
dialog: closer and we can chat all day!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (rolls her eyes)
dialog: My husband would kill me. He's so
dialog: jealous. He couldn't stand the
dialog: thought of other men looking at me!
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Cut it out! You blame everything on
dialog: him. If you change your mind, call
dialog: me! I'll keep an application at
dialog: reception for you.
text: As she leaves, the Mother watches Leila, enviously.
dialog: 68
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. THE MOSQUE - DAY 68
text: Wajda's black colored shoes sit in a pile with all of the
text: others by the door. The girls sit on the floor in a circle.
text: Wajda sits patiently, focused on the teacher.
text: The Koran Teacher has Salma pass out a copy to each student
text: from a small shelf in the corner of the room.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: Now girls let's start our program.
dialog: But before we start, I know some of
dialog: you may have gotten your period, so
dialog: you are not allowed to touch the
dialog: Koran.
text: Some of the girls GIGGLE.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: This isn't a laughing matter. You
dialog: are young ladies now. Your bodies
dialog: are fragile like flowers and there
dialog: are dangers lurking around every
dialog: corner. All right, let's read.
text: Yasmine flips the pages, using a Kleenex. The teacher looks
text: at Wajda, sarcastically.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Let's start with the new face in
dialog: our group - Wajda. Start with Surat
dialog: al Nisa, from ayat 59.
text: Wajda slowly opens the book, looks at the pages, and looks at
text: the teacher. The teacher looks at her sternly.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (reading in broken pacing)
dialog: O you who have believed, obey Allah
dialog: and obey the Messenger and those in
dialog: authority among you. And if you
dialog: disagree over anything...
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: (correcting her)
dialog: «refer it to Allah and the
dialog: Messenger...
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (repeating the teacher)
dialog: ...-Refer it to Allah and the
dialog: Messenger, if you should believe in
dialog: Allah and the Last Day. That is the
dialog: best [way] and best in result...
dialog: 69
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: (holding out her hand)
dialog: Stop, please. Noura, continue.
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: (in perfect harmony)
dialog: ...refer it to Allah and the
dialog: Messenger, if you should believe in
dialog: Allah and the Last Day. That is the
dialog: best [way] and best in result
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: Beautiful as always, Noura.
text: Wajda looks at Noura with extreme envy.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOLYARD - DAY 69
text: Fatin and Fatima once again look at a football magazine and
text: take off their shoes to paint their toenails.
speaker_heading: FATIMA
dialog: Where is the blue nail polish? I
dialog: hid it under there the other day.
text: Wajda approaches but ducks back just as Ms. Hussa swoops down
text: on the two girls.
text: Fatin and Fatima cover their feet, looking panicked. They
text: push the magazine under each other's clothes.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: What are you doing here? Why were
dialog: your hands under her skirt?
text: The girls freeze in their tracks. Wajda stands motionless,
dialog: watching.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: This is all we need at our school:
text: two girls hiding in the back yard,
text: putting their hands all over each
dialog: other! Tell me what that means?
text: The girls recoil from each other, mortified.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: “Sorry” isn’t going to cut it this
dialog: time. In my office. Now!
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - LATER 70
text: Wajda sees Fatin and Fatima leaving the school, extremely
text: upset. They pull their veils down covering their angry faces.
text: Crowds of girls bump past Wajda, all wearing black abbayahs.
text: Wajda wearily puts on hers as well.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOY SHOP - DAY 71
text: Wajda heads straight to the bicycle and runs her hand over
text: it. She sees that it is locked down with a chain. The Owner
text: comes out with a box.
scene_heading: TOY SHOP OWNER
dialog: What are you doing? Still browsing?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: No. I know what I’m here to get.
text: She picks up the "Learn the Koran the Easy way" game while
text: the owner restocks the shelves, watching her.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: How much?
scene_heading: TOY SHOP OWNER
dialog: Only 80 riyals.. Cheaper than a
dialog: bicycle.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (in a polite tone)
dialog: How about 62?
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF OF WAJDA'S HOUSE - DAY 72
text: Wajda sits on Abdullah's bicycle, trying to turn it in
text: circles on the small flat surface of the roof. She awkwardly
text: pedals and turns, barely keeping her balance.
text: Abdullah fastens a hook with lights attached. He looks over
text: at a crudely constructed mess of metal hanging off the edge.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: What is that?
text: She looks at him defensively, offended.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: What do you think? It's an
dialog: antennae. I can get signals from
dialog: beyond your world on that thing.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: How do you think I make my "Awesome
dialog: Mix Tapes”?
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: (while he works)
dialog: With all the people shouting?
dialog: “Awesome” indeed. My Uncle now
text: listens to the Koran radio station.
dialog: He will speak on the channel now.
dialog: They have all those famous Koran
dialog: readers. “It makes your heart
dialog: melt,” my Uncle says.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (her hand over her heart)
dialog: He should hear my Mother sing! She
dialog: should have a channel of her own.
text: Wajda leans over against the railing to push herself along on
text: the bicycle. She idly switches a broken bare light-bulb on
text: and off on the side wall.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Stop, you'll burn it out!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: It doesn't work anyway.
text: She looks down at the campaign tent.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Why does your Uncle look different
dialog: now?
text: In the poster the Uncle has shaved his mustache and has grown
text: out a big beard.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Didn't you hear? Men shouldn't
dialog: shave their beards! It is haram!
dialog: What do they teach you at school?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (challengingly)
dialog: I don’t know. “Women’s stuff.”
dialog: Our “special days of the month”...
text: She bursts into fits of laughter as Abdullah, embarrassed,
text: goes back to work. Wajda balances awkwardly on the bicycle
text: and RINGS the little bell.
dialog: 73
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: (smiling while he works)
dialog: Everyone in the neighborhood will
dialog: hear you ringing that bell.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Who cares? Look, I'm a natural.
text: She swerves and falls hard. Abdullah giggles.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Yeah right. All that fuss for a
dialog: bicycle and you don't even know how
dialog: to ride?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: How would I? Where would I ride a
dialog: bicycle?
text: She makes a face as Abdullah jumps up and stands behind her.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Go ahead.
text: He holds the bicycle steady and trots alongside her while she
text: goes in circles around the edge of the roof.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S ROOM - NIGHT 73
text: Wajda sits on her bed tuning her radio. She stops, lingers,
text: then idly turns to the Koran station.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: You are listening to the one and
dialog: only Koran station. Tune in to hear
dialog: your favorite readers. Now, Al
dialog: Hudafi will recite Surat al Baqara.
speaker_heading: READER (V.O.)
dialog: In the name of Allah, the
dialog: Beneficent, the Merciful. Alif Lam
dialog: Mim. This Book, there is no doubt
dialog: in it, is a guide to those who
dialog: guard against evil.
text: She lies down in her bed listening.
text: Her gaze falls on the video game she just bought. Her Mother
text: comes in and closes the Koran.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don't leave the Koran open! Satan
dialog: will spit in it!
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 51.
text: Wajda jumps up, takes the video game box and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 74
text: Wajda sits on the floor trying to hook the game to the small
text: TV in the living room. She fiddles around with the cords.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: This game doesn't work on our
text: “state-of-the-art TV”.
text: Her Mother looks perplexed, then realizes.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don't even think of it. Your
dialog: Father will go mad if you mess up
dialog: his TV.
text: Wajda sighs, staring at the locked Majlis door, where her
text: Father's TV sits.
scene_heading: INT. THE MOSQUE - DAY 75
text: Wajda listens as the teacher finishes a lesson passionately.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: Wajda, what do you think?
text: Wajda takes a moment and exchanges a glance with Noura, who
text: elbows Yasmine and rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I think this competition is very
dialog: hard for me.
text: Noura and the girls all giggle.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: But I heard on the Koran channel
dialog: yesterday that if it is easy for
dialog: you, you get only one reward. But
dialog: if it is hard for you to read and
dialog: remember you get two rewards. One
dialog: for reading the Koran and one for
dialog: the trouble you go through!
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: Thank you, Wajda, for sharing this
dialog: with us. Girls, I want you all to
dialog: take Wajda as an example of a
dialog: person who tries hard and is
dialog: devoted to God.
dialog: 76
dialog: 52.
text: Noura and her cronies look dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Thank you!
text: ANOTHER TEACHER passes by and motions for the Koran teacher.
text: They talk for a moment. She looks over at Wajda.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: Ms. Hussa said she needs to see
dialog: you. Go to her room now. I told her
dialog: how well you're doing.
scene_heading: INT. MS. HUSSA'S OFFICE - DAY 76
text: Wajda stands nervously in front of Ms. Hussa's desk.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Wajda, I have to say, I didn’t
dialog: believe it but apparently you're
dialog: doing well in class. If this is a
dialog: permanent thing I will be very
dialog: impressed.
text: Wajda puts on a polite smile. Ms. Hussa looks through a
text: filing cabinet. She deliberately pulls out a file, looks at
text: it, and puts it on her desk.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: You may not believe it, but I was a
dialog: little reckless at your age too.
dialog: And look at me now.
text: Wajda watches Ms. Hussa sit back and thumb through the file.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: If you keep going the way you’re
dialog: going, I believe you may actually
dialog: be able to win this competition.
text: She leans over and presses a button on the intercom.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Ms. Jamila? Please come by later
dialog: and pick up the Koran competition
dialog: file. All of the questions are
dialog: complete now. Thank you.
text: She leans back in her chair and pushes the folder to the
text: front of her desk, towards Wajda.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: MS.HUSSA
dialog: I'll bet the other girls would die
dialog: to know what is in that folder.
text: Wajda looks at the folder on the desk, puzzled. A KNOCK and
text: then and Fatin and Fatima walk in.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Close the door, please.
text: Fatin politely turns, closes the door and stands next to
text: Fatima. Wajda is surprised to see the girls and shuffles her
text: feet nervously. Ms. Hussa sits back.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: So you still insist that you
dialog: weren't doing anything there behind
dialog: the school?
speaker_heading: FATIMA
dialog: We were reading magazines and
dialog: that's all, but nothing like what
dialog: you mentioned.
dialog: (to Wajda)
dialog: Ask her!
text: Ms. Hussa taps her fingers on the folder on her desk, looking
dialog: at Wajda.
text: Wajda looks at the girls, who look at her confidently, sure
text: she will back them up. Wajda looks at Ms. Hussa, then looks
text: down uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I'm not sure. I was standing far
dialog: away.
text: The girls gawk at her in disbelief. Wajda avoids their gaze.
text: Ms. Hussa looks at the girls, smugly. They stare at Wajda.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, I was worried the men on the
dialog: faraway building would recognize me
dialog: because of my vest...
text: She pauses as Ms. Hussa looks at her with slight impatience.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's a very distinct vest.
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: I see. Thank you, that's enough. So
dialog: we may never know if they were just
text: painting their toe nails as they
dialog: said. There wasn't even any nail
dialog: polish.
text: Ms. Hussa looks accusingly at the two girls, then to Wajda
text: with a satisfied smile.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Wajda, thank you very much, you may
dialog: return to your class. Please take
dialog: this folder out to my secretary,
dialog: Ms. Jamila. And close the door
dialog: behind you.
text: Wajda takes the folder from Ms. Hussa and turns to leave. The
text: taller girls move out of the way so she can exit. They tower
text: over her, glaring as her tiny figure passes between them.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR - DAY 77
text: Wajda stands in the empty corridor, staring at the folder in
text: her hands. She opens the folder and is about to read as the
text: conversation carries over from Ms. Hussa's office
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (0.S.)
dialog: It's only a few words, just sign it
dialog: and we will all forget it.
speaker_heading: FATIN (0.S.)
dialog: (almost crying)
dialog: No! We weren't touching each other!
text: The bell RINGS and the NOISE of OTHER GIRLS overwhelms the
text: scene. Wajda looks at the folder and back towards Hussa’s
text: office. She closes the folder and enters the next room.
scene_heading: INT. MS. JAMILA'S OFFICE - DAY 78
text: Ms. Jamila is by a cabinet. She looks at Wajda as she enters.
speaker_heading: MS. JAMILA
dialog: Is that the competition folder?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (handing it to her)
dialog: Yes, Ms. Hussa told me to give this
dialog: to you.
text: As she hands it over and leaves Ms. Jamila opens the folder.
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: MS. JAMILA
text: Weird, the pages are empty.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S ROOM - DAY 79
text: The FAJR prayer RINGS out. Wajda's Mother wakes her up,
text: tenderly.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Wake up, little troublemaker, it's
dialog: time for school.
text: Wajda rubs the sleep from her eyes and looks over at the
text: bottle of blue nail polish next to her money-saving chart.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY 80
text: Wajda stands on a stool next to her Mother as they wash for
dialog: prayer.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I saw girls on TV riding bicycles.
dialog: Why don't you give me the money to
dialog: buy it? I know you have money. I
text: saw it in the drawer.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Here, girls don't ride bicycles.
dialog: You will not be able to have
dialog: children if you ride a bicycle!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: You don't ride a bicycle and you
dialog: can't have children!
text: Her Mother drops her towel on the floor, turning to Wajda in
dialog: anguish.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: How could you say that? I almost
dialog: died having you! Wash for prayer!
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 81
text: They put their prayer rugs in place and line up to pray.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (provocatively)
dialog: I’m not going to school today. Go
dialog: ahead, marry me off.
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You want to stay home? Fine. But we
dialog: are going to the mall for my dress
dialog: the second I come home today!
text: Water DRIPS from the faucet in the bathroom. The sound mixes
text: with the IMAM’S VOICE announcing the start of FAJR prayer
text: from the nearby mosque.
speaker_heading: IMAM (0.S.)
dialog: Qad qamat Al Slalah
text: The mother gets ready and raises her hands up near to her
text: ears. Wajda follows.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Allhu Akbar.
text: She moves her lips silently reciting the prayer.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF WAJDA'S HOUSE - EARLY MORNING 82
text: Wajda's Mother rushes out of the front gate with all of her
text: supplies, followed by Wajda. The Mother looks up to see the
text: string of lights attached to their roof. She looks down at
text: Wajda, who looks away, still upset. Her Mother takes her
text: things and gets into the car.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (indicating the lights)
dialog: We'll talk about that later.
text: Iqbal glares at Wajda. She sticks a finger under her nose,
text: indicating a mustache, reminiscent of Abdullah’s threat.
text: Iqbal hurries back into the car, spewing curses. The bus
text: jolts away, blowing gray smoke as they embark.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S PARENT'S ROOM - DAY 83
text: Wajda opens several drawers in her Mother's dresser. When she
text: opens the top drawer she moves aside some clothes to reveal a
text: large wad of money. She flips through the notes, counting
text: them one by one. She contemplates the money for a while, and
text: looks over at her Mother’s almost empty closet. She puts the
text: money back, closes the drawer and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY 84
text: Wajda opens a small box underneath the cabinets next to the
text: oven and pulls out a ring holding all the house keys.
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAJLIS - DAY 85
text: The Majlis door is open with the key in its lock. Wajda sits
text: in front of her Father's nice, new TV with a game controller
text: in hand. The video game box is open and empty.
speaker_heading: VIDEO GAME
dialog: Choose the correct answer: Who are
dialog: the Sabians?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: The what?
text: She hits a button.
speaker_heading: VIDEO GAME
dialog: Incorrect! Try Again. Who are the
dialog: Sabians?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Okay, mister..um...
text: She hits another button.
speaker_heading: VIDEO GAME
dialog: Incorrect! Try again. Who are the
dialog: Sabians?
text: Frustrated, she throws the console onto the floor.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: How am I supposed to know??
text: Suddenly, the doorbell RINGS.
scene_heading: INT. THE STAIRWAY LEADING UP TO THE ROOF - DAY 86
text: Wajda and Abdullah carry the bicycle up, both out of breath.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I don't care if they memorize
dialog: everything. I'll be better! I'll
dialog: beat them all! I’m getting good!
text: Not wanting to argue, Abdullah pushes the bicycle upwards.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF OF WAJDA'S HOUSE - DAY 87
text: Abdullah puts the bicycle down. Wajda sees that it has two
text: additional training wheels and gets angry.
dialog: 88
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: It will help you learn. I need to
dialog: work on the lights. I can't push
dialog: you all day.
text: Wajda violently smashes the lights, stomping her feet.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I can't recite and I can't ride! I
dialog: hate you. And...
text: She collapses to the floor, crying. Abdullah goes over to the
text: bicycle, takes off the wheels, then sits next to her.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Here, I took them off.
text: Wajda doesn't move. He reaches into his pocket and takes out
dialog: some notes.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll give you 5 riyals if you stop
text: crying.
text: With one hand covering her eyes, Wajda's other hand reaches
text: out and snatches the money. She puts it in her pocket, raises
text: her head and wipes her nose. She looks up at the ribbons on
text: the handlebars, swaying in the breeze.
text: She squares her shoulders, gets up and heads over.
scene_heading: EXT. IQBAL'S CAR —- DAY 88
text: Wajda and her Mother ride silently in the back of the car. As
text: they pass the toy shop, Wajda sees The Owner talking to a man
text: and his son, right by her green bicycle! She can't hear what
text: they're saying but can see that they’re bargaining.
text: She squints out to get a better look as The Owner looks up
text: and notices her. He smiles while he talks to the man,
text: explaining something. The car pulls away. When she can no
text: longer see the toy shop, Wajda sits back, agitated.
text: Her Mother watches her and looks back at the shop.
speaker_heading: IQBAL
dialog: Madam, only one hour. I don't have
dialog: time to wait for you. You are late,
dialog: I go. You find taxi.
dialog: 89
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: We understand that, Iqbal. Enough.
text: She pretends to text someone to stop him from talking to her.
text: Wajda looks at the little girl’s picture. She leans forward
text: and tries to talk to Iqbal.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Who is this little girl, Iqbal?
speaker_heading: IQBAL
dialog: This is my daughter. I didn’t see
dialog: her for 3 years now.
text: He then shakes his head happy with himself.
speaker_heading: IQBAL (CONT'D)
dialog: She goes to school now. (pause)I
dialog: didn’t go to school.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Obviously you didn’t go to school
dialog: because you don’t have manners.
speaker_heading: IQBAL
dialog: You have a big mouth.
text: Wajda sticks her tongue out to him. Her mother looks at her
text: angrily. The car moves quickly across the dessert.
scene_heading: INT. THE MALL - DAY 89
text: Wajda’s Mother passes ahead of her as she stands mesmerized
text: by a kiosk selling accessories. Quickly she goes to the
text: salesperson and points to a rack full of bracelets similar to
text: the one's she made with a sign that says "Only 20 Riyals!"
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I make better bracelets than these.
dialog: How much will you pay me? 10?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: No thank you, I buy them from
dialog: China, I can get like 10,000 for 10
dialog: riyals.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: China won't do the national colors!
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: You mean like this?
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 60.
text: As he points to one, she hears her Mother calling her from
text: the upper level. She runs towards the escalator, shooting the
text: salesman an angry look.
scene_heading: INT. DRESS SHOP - DAY 90
text: They enter a shop that has an assortment of dresses and gowns
text: in the window. A red dress stands out among the others.
text: While they talk, Wajda sits on a chair in the entry-way
text: watching the action outside. The salesman pulls out the dress
text: and examines the Mother's covered body.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: It is a beautiful dress but maybe
dialog: a little big for you.
text: The Mother tucks her hands into her abbayah, nervously.
text: Wajda watches a group of fully veiled women walk past a group
text: of young men. They turn their heads, flirt with smiles and
text: laughs. After passing each other, they pull out their cell
text: phones and text rapidly.
speaker_heading: PASSING GIRL
dialog: The jerk, he says I have a big ass!
text: The group of girls laugh and disappear in the long aisle.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What size is it?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Large.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: All right. Can I try it?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Okay, you can try it on in the
text: women's bathroom at the end of the
dialog: corridor. And if it turns out big,
dialog: we can tailor it for you after you
dialog: pay a deposit.
text: The Mother looks at a pair of beautiful red shoes on display.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC BATHROOM - DAY 91
text: The mother in a small bathroom, with Arabic toilet on the
text: floor. The floor is wet.
dialog: 92
dialog: 61.
text: She is trying to finish zipping it up while holding the edge
text: of it between her legs so the dress doesn’t get wet.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: I know it’s a lot of money but I
dialog: have to show your Father he can’t
dialog: get anything better than me.
text: The mother opens the door and shows the dress to Wajda. Wajda
text: is leaning over the sink and holding her mother’s Abbya.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think your father will like
dialog: it?
text: The dress is too big for her. She pulls the ends of the dress
text: around her waist to tighten it. Wajda shrugs her shoulders.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s take the dress back to the
dialog: salesman so he can tighten it. Then
text: go quickly before Iqbal gets angry
dialog: and leaves us.
text: The mother raises the dress edge over her feet and enters the
text: bathroom booth again. Wajda hands the mother her Abbya from
text: over the door.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Don’t worry, he won’t leave.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF OF WAJDA'S HOUSE - DAY 92
text: Wajda rides the bicycle, more steadily but still awkwardly,
text: in a circle.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: I think I'm done with the lights
dialog: now.
text: He looks over the edge. The lights are all aligned
dialog: beautifully.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: My Mother saw the lights but forgot
dialog: to ask me about them again.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: She doesn't know? Does your Father?
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I think they like your Uncle now
dialog: that he was on that radio program!
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Aiiyyyeee!!!!
text: They turn, both stunned to see Wajda's Mother at the entrance
text: of the roof. The mother tries to hide the cigarette in her
text: hand and put it out secretly.
text: Wajda tips over, lands hard and hurts herself. She looks up
text: pleadingly at her Mother.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I'm bleeding... I have blood!
text: Her Mother grips the railing, screams and covers her eyes.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You stupid-- you think you can act
dialog: like boys? Your honor, your honor!
dialog: Oh my God, oh my God. Where is the
dialog: blood coming from? Where is it
dialog: coming from?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (confused)
dialog: From my knee...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What? Oh thank God!
text: She sighs in relief, then grabs Wajda by the shoulder.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Bicycles are dangerous for girls
dialog: and you almost saw why!!!
dialog: (to Abdullah)
dialog: And you!! What were you thinking?
dialog: I'll tell your Uncle to teach you
dialog: some manners. Get out of here!
text: Abdullah runs away, panicked. The Mother points at the
dialog: bicycle.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: And take that damn thing with you!
text: Abdullah quickly comes back and picks up the bicycle, then
text: runs into the stairway, struggling with the bicycle alone.
dialog: 63.
text: We hear a loud CRASH as the bicycle falls down the stairs.
text: Wajda and her Mother look at each other, the Mother trying to
text: compose herself and then... both burst into laughter.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (straightening up)
dialog: Shame on you, bringing a boy
dialog: upstairs with no one home. What
dialog: would your Father do if he knew?
dialog: He'd kill you!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Why are you home early, anyway?
text: Her Mother sits on her knees and faces Wajda, threateningly.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Listen to me, don’t ever bring him
dialog: up here again. I will seriously
dialog: tell his Uncle and he will be in
dialog: big trouble. If I weren't busy with
dialog: your Father's party, I would have
dialog: gotten really upset with you and we
dialog: would have a long talk about this.
dialog: (Switching moods suddenly)
dialog: Now let's get downstairs, we need
dialog: to start cooking. Your Father's
dialog: friends are coming over tonight.
dialog: And get your game out of there;
dialog: he'll be mad if he knows you are
text: using his TV.
text: Wajda looks up quickly at her Mother, surprised.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You think I don’t know your tricks?
dialog: At least you're learning the Koran.
text: As they walk off the roof Wajda kicks a piece of ribbon that
text: had fallen off the bicycle. The ribbon flies in the air as
text: their figures disappear into the stairwell.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (0.S.)
dialog: Are you going to tell his Uncle?
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: He is a nice boy. His only problem
dialog: is that you won't leave him alone.
dialog: (they both laugh) )
dialog: We'll cook the best dinner for your
dialog: Father's party tonight.
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - EVENING 93
text: Wajda helps her Mother prepare the massive plates of food for
text: the group of men in the other room, talking and laughing
text: loudly. Trying to relieve the tension, she starts to SING.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Be quiet! Do you want them to hear
dialog: you? Put this in the oven.
text: Wajda stops singing and looks at her Mother, pushing back a
text: lock of hair off her forehead, looking exhausted.
text: Her Father KNOCKS once and they pass the plates through to
text: him at the door. He smiles as he takes it.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Wow! All this food!
text: He kisses the Mother’s forehead and looks her in the eyes.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: They'll be really impressed. You
dialog: make me so proud!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Obviously not proud enough.
text: She goes back to the kitchen and starts fixing the next dish.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAJLIS - LATER 94
text: Wajda and her Mother clean up dishes from a long sitting area
text: on the floor.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Wow! What is this?
text: Wajda examines a gift given to her Father. It is a family
text: tree. She runs her finger along the branches.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (cynically)
dialog: Your Father's glorious family tree.
text: Her Mother eats discarded food from the plates, then finds
text: her husband's prayer beads and picks them up tenderly.
text: Wajda leaves the family tree and hooks her game into the TV
text: as her Mother leaves the room.
dialog: 95
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Make sure you clean that all up. I
dialog: don't want to do anything that will
dialog: get him upset with us again.
text: Distracted, Wajda puts down the controller and looks at the
dialog: family tree. The names read: “Khalid, Mansour, Mohammed,
text: Omar...” Her Father's name stands alone while all of his
text: brothers have leaves with boy's names below them. Wajda cuts
text: a piece of blank paper from the Koran, writes her name on it
dialog: and adds it under her Father's name.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I almost forgot. Ms. Hussa called
dialog: earlier.
text: Wajda looks at her, wide-eyed, while hooking up the game
text: controller. The Mother enters, smiling suspiciously.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: She's really pleased with you!
dialog: Honestly, the way Ms. Hussa was
dialog: going on I wasn't sure we were
dialog: talking about the same person!
text: She looks at Wajda expectantly, but Wajda shrugs, turns the
text: game on and busies herself with it. Her Mother stops cleaning
dialog: for a moment.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You keep surprising me!
scene_heading: INT. THE MOSQUE - DAY 95
text: All the girls crowd around Salma who passes around pictures.
text: The girls laugh and reach for them.
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: Let me see! Let me see!
dialog: Are you wearing this only?
text: Noura covers her face in astonishment. The Teacher comes in
text: and Wajda pulls herself away from the scene. The other girls
text: don't notice. Noura points at a picture.
speaker_heading: NOURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this your Father?
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: (upset)
dialog: That's Khalid, my husband!
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: He looks like your grandfather. But
dialog: I guess that’s the best your family
dialog: could do--
text: Humiliated, Salma snatches the photo back. All the girls
text: except Wajda laugh. The Koran Teacher appears behind,
text: catching them off guard.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: What's going on here?
text: The girls immediately go silent.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: I told them they can't have
text: pictures at school.
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: No you didn't!
dialog: (turning to the teacher)
dialog: Salma just got married. Look, she
dialog: brought in pictures!
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: (grabbing the pictures)
dialog: Let me see. Who's this, your
dialog: Mother? Is this your husband?
text: As they talk, Wajda looks out to the hallway where Fatin and
text: Fatima pass by with their furious MOTHERS. Fatin tries to
text: explain something but her Mother silences her with an angry
text: look. Fatima notices Wajda watching sympathetically. Fatima
text: looks away.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay, put them away now. Wajda's
dialog: right, you're not allowed to show
text: pictures at school.
text: Wajda looks down, trying to hide being ashamed.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Let's get started. Yasmine, read
dialog: from page 13.
speaker_heading: YASMINE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I need a Kleenex.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: Wajda, read.
dialog: 96
dialog: 67.
text: Wajda closes her Koran and looks at the teacher hesitantly.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I'll try without looking.
text: The Koran Teacher looks at her, surprised.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: (reciting nervously)
dialog: And whoever opposes the Messenger
text: after guidance has become clear to
text: him and follows other than the way
dialog: of the believers - We will give him
dialog: what he has taken and drive him
dialog: into Hell, and evil it is asa
dialog: destination. Indeed, Allah does not
dialog: forgive association with Him, but
dialog: He forgives what is less than that
dialog: for whom He wills. They call upon
dialog: instead of Him none but female
dialog: [deities], and they call upon none
text: but a rebellious Satan.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: Very nice Wajda, you remembered it
dialog: all. But you have to recite. You
dialog: can't just go..badababdababdaba!
dialog: (turns to Salma)
dialog: How about our young bride? Let's
dialog: hear that voice. And listen Wajda,
dialog: you have to recite like this if you
dialog: want to win.
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: And whoever opposes the Messenger
text: after guidance has become clear to
text: him and follows other than the way
dialog: of the believers - We will give him
dialog: what he has taken and drive him
dialog: into Hell, and evil it is asa
dialog: destination...
text: The sweet sound echoes through the room, while the girls
text: follow along. Noura’s eyes stare at Salma through angry
text: slits. Wajda looks out at the empty hallway, disappointed.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE TOY SHOP - DAY 96
text: On her way home from school Wajda looks over and sees the
text: green bicycle in front, relieved that it’s still there. She
text: enters the shop.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: 97 INT. THE TOY SHOP - DAY 97
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Who were talking to yesterday about
dialog: the bicycle? I saw you showing it
dialog: to some kid when we drove by.
scene_heading: TOY SHOP OWNER
dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: You know exactly what I’m talking
dialog: about. I don’t want you showing my
dialog: bicycle to anyone else.
text: He shakes his head. She reaches into her pocket.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Here, I made you a mix-tape. Since
dialog: we are friends now.
scene_heading: TOY SHOP OWNER
dialog: (Sarcastically)
dialog: Thanks for your generosity.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (Sarcastically)
dialog: Don’t mention it. But don’t sell
dialog: my bicycle.
scene_heading: 98 EXT. FRONT OF WAJDA'S HOUSE - DAY 98
text: Wajda walks past Abdullah by his Uncle's election tent,
text: without saying anything.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: What, are you the one who is upset
dialog: with me now? Your Mother almost
dialog: broke my neck pushing me down the
dialog: stairs!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: My Mother doesn’t want me talking
dialog: to you anymore.
text: She smiles and walks towards her house. He pulls out a
text: bicycle helmet and runs after her.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Since when do you listen to your
dialog: Mother? Here - I got you this. It's
text: a helmet, like the ones on TV.
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 69.
text: Wajda’s whole face lights up as she takes the helmet.
text: Abdullah is pleased.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you want to ride in the empty
dialog: lot behind the tent? We have a few
text: minutes before people come.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CONSTRUCTION SITE - DAY 99
text: Wajda, wearing her abbayah and the helmet, rides in circles
text: in the empty lot. Abdullah sits on a cinder block, watching.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Watch this? See! See!
text: She takes her hands off the handlebars. He nods. She quickly
text: puts them back on but periodically takes them off while
dialog: riding.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: The Toy shop owner told Khalid and
dialog: his Father that someone reserved
dialog: the bicycle.
text: Wajda’s Gets excited and hits the brakes hard.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: He must be holding it for me!
scene_heading: INT. THE MAJLIS - DAY 100
text: Wajda sits playing her video game, wearing her helmet. A new
text: resolve in her eyes.
speaker_heading: VIDEO GAME
dialog: What is Al Mihrab?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I know that one.
text: She hits the button.
speaker_heading: VIDEO GAME
dialog: Correct!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Finally!
text: She falls back onto the couch. She looks up to see the family
text: tree. Her name has been taken off, and the leaf she wrote it
text: on is crumpled up on the table. She picks it up, sadly.
dialog: 101
dialog: 70.
text: Through the half open door she sees her Mother on the phone
text: in the other room, yelling.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well if you won’t listen to me, I
dialog: don’t know why I should listen to
dialog: you!
text: Her Mother hangs up, puts on her abbayah and yells:
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Get ready, we are going out!
text: Wajda quickly takes off the bicycle helmet. The Mother puts
text: on her Abyya quickly. The new red shoes are left on the
dialog: floor.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOSPITAL - DAY 101
text: The Mother fidgets. At the far end of the room she sees
text: Leila, in a lab coat, putting files onto a shelf. She stands
text: on a ladder, wearing only a hijab, with her face and some
text: hair showing.
text: A SAUDI MAN puts a cup of coffee on the counter next to her.
text: They exchange jokes.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Are you going to work here with
dialog: Leila? Those lab coats are cool,
dialog: like the Matrix, only white!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Shhh! I... just want to give her
dialog: something.
text: Leila steps down and heads over.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Hey! You came! Wait, let me get you
dialog: the application.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Leila, what happened? Why you are
dialog: you revealing your face?
text: Laila smiles to her confidently and searches under the desk,
text: her male colleague comes back. He smiles at the Mother.
speaker_heading: MALE WORKER
dialog: Hello, How are you?
dialog: 102
dialog: 71.
text: She doesn't answer, uncomfortably tucking her hands into her
text: abbayah, looking away. Wajda looks at him casually.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Hello.
text: The man smiles to Wajda, grabs a file, and exits. The Mother,
text: now really uncomfortable, tries to get Leila's attention.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Leila, don't worry dear. I'm not
dialog: here for an application. We were
text: just passing by.
text: Wajda is surprised by her Mother's lie.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll leave you now to work. Looks
dialog: like you're busy.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: It's a good job and the places are
dialog: filling up quickly. You should...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: It's so good to see you, Leila.
dialog: I'll call you later.
text: She grabs Wajda's hand and leads her towards the door. Wajda
text: looks back at Leila wistfully, then at her Mother.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I thought you were going to--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Enough!
text: Her Mother shushes her and quickens her pace out the door.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR - DAY 102
text: The girls line up for an assembly. Ms. Hussa makes her way to
text: the stage and picks up the megaphone. She stares over the
text: crowd, sternly. She checks the microphone.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Hello...Hello...In the name of God.
dialog: First I want to thank all the girls
dialog: for their hard work this term. We
dialog: are the best school in the area.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 103
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: And I would like to remind all the
dialog: girls that school is a place for
dialog: virtue and knowledge. (clears her
dialog: throat). Girls, I would like you to
dialog: listen very well. We caught two
dialog: girls committing a sin behind the
dialog: school. Their names are Fatin Ali
dialog: and Fatima Umar.
text: The girls stare intently as Ms. Hussa motions the “offenders”
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: And now they will come to the front
text: of the stage to repent.
text: Fatin and Fatima make their way to the stage. They appear
text: broken, their heads hanging low and their faces blank. Wajda,
text: upon seeing the girls, feels sick to her stomach.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: To avoid similar situations, you
dialog: are no longer allowed to bring
dialog: flowers to school for your friends,
dialog: or give each other letters or
dialog: autographs. And no one is allowed
dialog: to hold hands. Do you understand?
dialog: Good. You may go to your classes
dialog: now.
text: The girls move quickly toward the door. As Fatin and Fatima
text: leave, Fatin bumps into a GIRL.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (panicked, screaming)
dialog: Don't touch me!
text: Fatin says nothing. Wajda starts to walk toward them both
text: when she sees Ms. Hussa waiting by the stairs.
text: Wajda stops, glances at the two girls, then back at Ms. Hussa
text: who smiles at her. Wajda turns her head quickly and walks
text: away from Fatin and Fatima, feeling guilty and uncertain.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 103
text: Wajda brings in her Koran and sits on the floor next to her
text: Mother who irons her Father's thobes, singing.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: The handsome man stole my heart;
text: with his black eyes. I come closer,
dialog: he goes away;
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: making me feel hollow. No tears, no
dialog: words can bring him back; Oh my
dialog: heart..
text: Wajda ignores the piles of note-cards scattered around her,
text: looking morose. Her Mother looks at her, concerned, and stops
dialog: singing.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I don't want to finish the
dialog: competition! I hate Ms. Hussa! I'm
dialog: tired.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What does Ms. Hussa have to do with
dialog: it? It's your business!
dialog: (smiling encouragingly)
dialog: Your Father is happy that you are
dialog: doing this. He is so proud of you.
dialog: Please, Wajda. That’s very
dialog: important right now.
text: Wajda looks at her Mother, a glimmer of hope in her eyes. She
text: sits up straight and recites Surah 30 (Ar-Rum), verse 21:
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: And of His Signs is that he creates
dialog: for you mates out of yourselves, so
dialog: that you may find tranquility in
dialog: them; and He has put love and mercy
dialog: between you. Surely in this there
dialog: are indeed Signs for a people who
dialog: reflect.
text: Wajda stops reciting. Her Mother looks at her, lovingly.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Give it a tone like this.
dialog: (beautifully)
dialog: And of His Signs is that he creates
dialog: for you mates out of yourselves, so
dialog: that you may find tranquility in
dialog: them - Go on try it.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (imitating her Mother)
dialog: And of His Signs is that he creates
dialog: for you mates out of yourselves, so
dialog: that you may find tranquility in
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Very good! Now do the next lines
dialog: like this:
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 104
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (reverently)
dialog: And He has put love and mercy
dialog: between you. Surely in this there
dialog: are indeed Signs for a people who
dialog: reflect.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (following)
dialog: And He has put love and mercy
dialog: between you. Surely in this there
dialog: are indeed Signs for a people who
dialog: reflect.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (proudly, teasing her)
dialog: Excellent! Your voice is as lovely
dialog: as your Mother's.
text: Wajda stops, realizing she’s doing it well!
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I feel shy! I can't recite like
dialog: this in front of everyone.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You are shy? Ha! I only wish it
dialog: were true!
text: Wajda makes a face at her Mother, who bursts out laughing.
text: Wajda barely smiles.
text: Outside they see the lights Abdullah strung up turn on and
text: illuminate the street and their living room.
text: Wajda and her Mother look at each other.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You've worked hard. Come on.
text: She quickly turns the iron off and they run up to the roof.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF OF WAJDA'S HOUSE - NIGHT 104
text: The two look out as groups of men gather in the street below.
text: The lights reflect on Wajda and her Mother who look so much
text: alike in the dim light. A breeze blows their hair gently.
text: Down the street they see Abdullah's bearded Uncle greeting
text: everyone as they arrive.
text: Abdullah stands at the end of the row, dressed up in his
text: thobe and gutra. Wajda points down at her Father, excited.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: See! My Father is there.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (intrigued, searching)
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (points down firmly)
dialog: There!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Oh! I see him. Look how handsome he
dialog: is!
text: Wajda looks at her Mother from the corner of her eye. She is
text: busy looking at her Father. Wajda throws a little stone where
text: Abdullah stands and he looks up. He sees her without a veil
text: or head covering in the golden lights he himself strung up,
text: and smiles.
text: He fixes his gutra by throwing its ends on his shoulders, to
dialog: show how well dressed and important he is.
text: Wajda smiles back and gestures that there’s something on his
text: cheek. Abdullah looks worried and tries to clean his face.
text: Wajda laughs. Her Mother looks at her, disapprovingly.
text: Another man, standing next to Abdullah, looks up. Both Wajda
text: and her Mother duck behind the wall quickly, laughing softly.
text: Wajda's Mother lies down on the roof and stares at the stars
text: in the clear sky. Wajda lies next to her and smiles.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: So do you love him?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (a little shy, surprised)
dialog: Who? Your Father?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (smiling, teasingly)
dialog: No, the neighbor's boy?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (also teasingly)
dialog: I don't think I am the one in love
dialog: with the neighbor's boy!
text: Wajda gets embarrassed, laughing dismissively at her Mother.
dialog: 76.
text: Her Mother laughs. Wajda flips to her side and rests her head
text: on her arm in order to face her Mother.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: You didn't answer!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I was in high school when he asked
dialog: for my hand. All the girls were so
dialog: jealous when they saw his picture.
dialog: He was the first man in my life,
dialog: and most probably the last! And I
dialog: have to admit, he's a lot of fun.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: You are way prettier than any other
dialog: woman I have ever seen. You'll give
dialog: my Father a heart attack with your
text: red dress.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (suddenly sad)
dialog: Yeah. He won't see it. He'll be
text: busy in the men's section.
dialog: The man I know.. he talks big, but
dialog: he would never burn my heart with a
dialog: second wife. I don't know who fills
dialog: his head with this nonsense.
text: She sits up, quickly, changing the subject.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Enough. Let's practice one more
dialog: time for your competition tomorrow.
dialog: And don't tell anyone about that
dialog: crazy bicycle story of yours,
dialog: they'll never let you win.
text: Wajda makes a face, sits up, determined, and recites.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: And of His Signs is that he creates
dialog: for you mates out of yourselves, so
dialog: that you may find tranquility in
dialog: them; and He has put love and mercy
dialog: between you.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (warmer inflection)
dialog: «Mercy between you...
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: «Mercy between you.
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Let it come from your heart, and
dialog: forget everyone around you.
text: She takes Wajda's hand and places it over her heart.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (more sincere)
dialog: And of His Signs is that he creates
dialog: for you mates out of yourselves, so
dialog: that you may find tranquility in
dialog: them; and He has put love and mercy
dialog: between you.
text: Her voice echoes across the empty roof while the election
text: lights sway in the breeze.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S PARENTS’ ROOM - NIGHT 105
text: Wajda lies in her Father's place in the bed. Her Mother
text: sleeps next to her in a semi-fetal position. Wajda stretches
text: her arms in the vast empty space of the bed, occupying only a
text: small part of it.
scene_heading: INT. WAJDA'S PARENTS’ ROOM - DAY 106
text: Wajda now sleeps in a semi-fetal position. Her Mother wakes
text: her up, already dressed in her abbayah to leave for work. She
text: caresses Wajda's hair.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Now, you've got a big day today.
dialog: When you go up on the stage, say
dialog: this after me: God inspire me, make
dialog: things easier for me. Untie my
dialog: tongue so I speak fluently.
text: Wajda squints to see her Mother, struggling to remember.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Where are you going so early? God
dialog: inspire me, make things easier for
dialog: me..
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (while fixing her veil)
dialog: I have to open up the school today.
dialog: I'm the teacher on duty... Untie my
dialog: tongue ...
text: Wajda yawns and runs her hand through her hair.
dialog: 107
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: ..-Untie my tongue...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: ...So I speak fluently
text: They hear a car HONKING at the door. Wajda touches the beads
text: on her Mother's abbayah.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: ...So I speak fluently.
text: Her Mother kisses her forehead and gets ready to leave.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I wish I could come today. You know
dialog: this damn long commute. I know
dialog: you'll nail it! And don't forget,
dialog: your Grandmother wants you to wear
dialog: the vest she made you for luck.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I hate that vest. I only ever wore
dialog: it that day I went to visit her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I know you hate it, but do it for
dialog: her.
text: Wajda stares out into the hallway as her Mother pops her head
text: back into the doorway.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: And whatever happens, for
dialog: God's sake, act wise. No
dialog: bargaining, no fighting, and no
dialog: crazy ideas about bicycles. Watch
dialog: that tongue of yours. Understand?
text: She smiles and leaves. Her black shadow stretches across the
text: wall and then disappears. Wajda sighs and falls back onto the
text: bed. She reaches over and touches her Father's prayer beads
text: on the night-stand.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEIGHBORHOOD STREETS - DAY 107
text: Wajda walks, whispering to herself the tajweed rule from a
text: note-card. She throws her Father’s rock at a bottle.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Man yajaala, Mayyjaal, edgham
dialog: beghunah.
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 79.
text: PING! The bottle spins. She smiles and walks on to school.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOY SHOP - DAY 108
text: The Owner puts on his glasses and looks skeptically down at a
text: tape labeled “Wajda’s Awesome Mix Tape Volume 8.” He puts it
text: in the player and presses “play.” A ROCK SONG starts. He
text: shakes his head disapprovingly, smiling.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR - DAY 109
text: Wajda and several other girls practice their recitations.
text: Wajda goes through her note cards, pulling pieces of paper
text: out of her pockets and scanning them. Ms. Hussa enters.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Alright girls, make sure you empty
dialog: your pockets and leave all your
dialog: study material behind. No note
dialog: cards, no reasons of descendence,
dialog: no vocabulary cards. Alright?!
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: Vocabulary? Reasons of
dialog: Descendence?! We were supposed to
dialog: know all of that?
text: Wajda empties her pockets, pulling out note cards and pieces
text: of paper. She takes out her Father's prayer beads and the
text: black rock. She notices Salma, sitting on a bench with her
text: hands tucked between her shaking knees, looking around
text: nervously. Ms. Hussa moves to leave.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: If we find any type of study
dialog: material on your person you will be
dialog: disqualified.
text: Wajda slowly walks over to Salma, bends down next to her,
text: holds out her rock and shows it to her.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: With this rock I can’t lose.
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: I'm not clean, I can't read the
dialog: Koran.
text: Wajda looks at her, perplexed. Overhearing, Noura approaches.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: SALMA (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You know... after you sleep with
dialog: your husband... you have to wash
dialog: before you read the Koran.
text: Noura nods in agreement, hiding her excitement.
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: If you feel nervous about it, maybe
dialog: you shouldn't do it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It's a lot of stress.
text: Salma gives Noura a hateful look. Ms. Hussa passes by, her
text: hands full of paper. Salma gets up and runs over to her. The
text: two speak quietly. Wajda watches them, slowly moving the rock
text: between her thumb and fingers as Ms. Hussa sends Salma out
text: the door.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL AUDITORIUM - DAY 110
text: Wajda sits in a line with 7 girls and one empty chair, as the
text: following: Wajda, Contestant #2, Noura, Contestant #4,
text: Yasmine, Contestant #6, Contestant #7, and an empty chair.
text: She nervously shakes her leg, facing a table with the
text: teachers. Ms. Hussa writes "First Round" on a small
text: blackboard and heads back to her seat with the other teacher.
text: A fan turns slowly above them, rattling in the silent room.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Welcome girls, we are very proud of
dialog: you for all of the work you have
dialog: put into this competition. Now,
dialog: let's start with vocabulary from
dialog: the verses you learned. If you get
dialog: the answer right, you stay in line.
dialog: If you get it wrong, please exit to
text: the right of the stage. Wajda,
dialog: please come forward. Who are the
dialog: Sabians?
text: Wajda tries to compose herself. She brushes the sweat off her
text: forehead and walks to the front of the stage.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: They lived in Iraq. Their book is
dialog: the Zubar.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Correct. Next. What is Ayat?
dialog: 81.
text: The girl next to Wajda gets up and moves to the front.
speaker_heading: CONTESTANT #2
dialog: Parts of the Koran.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Incorrect. Next. What is Ayat?
text: The girl lowers her head and leaves to the right. Noura
text: comes to the front of the stage.
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: It's proof, like evidence.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Correct! Go back to your place.
dialog: Next. What's Al Fitnah?
speaker_heading: CONTESTANT #4
dialog: A problem?
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Incorrect. Next. What’s Al
dialog: Fitnah?
speaker_heading: YASMINE
text: A temptation.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Correct. Next. What’s sodgatehun?
text: The 6th Contestant thinks hard, unsure. Noura looks at her
text: happily, while Wajda looks at her compassionately, holding
text: the black stone.
speaker_heading: CONTESTANT #6
dialog: Um.. charity?
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Incorrect. What is sodgatehun?
speaker_heading: CONTESTANT #7
dialog: Dowry.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Excellent. Well done all of you.
dialog: And now--
text: Just then, Ms. Jamila enters and whispers to her.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: She's ready? Good, send her in.
dialog: 82.
text: Salma enters from behind the stage. Her hair is dripping wet
text: and she has obviously just showered. Red faced, and
text: mortified, she sits at the end of the line. Wajda glances at
text: her. Noura glares at Salma, furiously.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Salma, please come forward. What is
dialog: Al Farqgan?
text: Salma moves to the front of the stage.
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: The Koran.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Excellent. Next. From the
dialog: beginning. Da'ab?
text: Wajda moves back to the front of the stage.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Habit?
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Correct. Next. What is Zaygh?
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: Weakness.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Correct! Next. What is “hoban
dialog: Kabiran"?
speaker_heading: YASMINE
dialog: Ummmm....
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Well? Sorry Yasmine. Next. What
dialog: is “Hoban Kabiran”?
speaker_heading: CONTESTANT #7
dialog: A big..... thing?
text: Ms. Hussa suppresses a smile. The girl stands nervously in
dialog: her spot.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Also incorrect. What is “Hoban
dialog: Kibiran?
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: Great Injustice.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Correct. Thank you.
text: Wajda looks at Ms. Hussa, trying to hide how nervous she is.
text: Only the three girls remain in the eight chairs.
text: Ms. Hussa confers with the other teacher and then stands up
text: and moves to the front of the room.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Those of you on the right of the
dialog: stage, please come and collect your
dialog: certificate of appreciation, thank
dialog: you for participating, I'm sure you
dialog: learned a lot. Noura, Salma, and
dialog: Wajda, congratulations, you're
dialog: going to compete for the
dialog: championship. Good luck.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL AUDITORIUM - DAY (LATER) 111
text: Ms. Hussa stands under the words "Championship" on the
text: blackboard. Noura, Salma and Wajda sit at a table in front of
dialog: the stage.
text: Wajda looks petrified, while Noura smiles with contentment
text: and Salma stares ahead in quiet determination.
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: (whispering to Wajda)
dialog: I’1ll bet you never thought you’d
dialog: make it this far. But beware of
dialog: the ugly bride over there, she
text: looks pretty determined to win.
dialog: Especially after her shower.
text: Wajda turns away. Salma flashes Noura a look of intense anger
text: about to cry.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Girls, we'll now have you recite.
dialog: Please read until we indicate for
dialog: you to stop. We’ll start with Surat
dialog: al Nisa, from ayat 66, Noura begin
dialog: with “If we had decreed”:
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: (flatly but correct)
dialog: And if We had decreed upon them,
dialog: "Kill yourselves" or "Leave your
dialog: homes," they would not have done
text: it, except for a few of them.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: NOURA (CONT'D)
dialog: But if they had done what they were
dialog: instructed, it would have been
dialog: better for them and a firmer
dialog: position. And then We would have
dialog: given them from Us a great reward.
dialog: And We would have guided them to a
dialog: straight path. And whoever obeys
dialog: Allah and the Messenger - those
dialog: will be with the ones upon whom
dialog: Allah has bestowed favor of the
text: prophets, the steadfast affirmers
dialog: of truth, the martyrs and the
dialog: righteous. And excellent are those
dialog: as companions.
text: Ms. Hussa raises her hand for her to stop. Noura sits back
text: confidently. Ms. Hussa looks to Salma to begin.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Salma start Surat al Bakara from
dialog: the beginning.
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: (lowering her eyes)
dialog: In the name of Allah, the
dialog: Beneficent, the Merciful. Alif Lam
dialog: Mim. This Book, there is no doubt
dialog: in it, is a guide to those who
dialog: guard against evil.
text: Noura’s cold eyes distract her.
speaker_heading: SALMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Those who believe in the unseen and
dialog: keep up prayer and spend out of
dialog: what We have given them. And who...
dialog: and who...
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: (giving her cues)
dialog: And who believe...
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: (shaken, continuing)
dialog: Who believe in that which has been
dialog: revealed to you and that which was
dialog: revealed before you and... uh
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: «And they are sure of the
dialog: hereafter.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: (more shaken, continuing)
dialog: «And they are sure of the
dialog: hereafter. These are on a..
text: Salma stops and looks up. Ms. Hussa raises her hand.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: That's enough. Thank you, Salma.
dialog: Let's continue.
text: Wajda removes her sweaty hand from the table, leaving a moist
text: imprint on it. She dries her hand on her dress.
text: She puts her hand in her pocket, pulls out her Father’s stone
text: and grips it tightly. A piece of paper sticks out of the
text: pocket on her vest. She looks at Salma, trying not to cry.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Let’s continue.
text: Wajda puts the stone back in her pocket and waits silently
dialog: for the teacher's instructions.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: Wajda, please start with Surat al
dialog: Bakara, ayat 7. Starting with
dialog: “There is disease.”
text: Wajda looks uncertain, feeling small in the large room. She
text: steadies herself in a moment that drags on endlessly. In the
text: crowd she sees Fatin and Fatima looking directly at her. She
text: is about to lower her eyes but something in their now beaten
text: faces makes her find her confidence.
text: She meets their eyes right on and starts reciting in a
text: beautiful voice, which begins weak and then gradually grows
text: stronger and more intense.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: In the name of Allah, the
dialog: Beneficent, the Merciful. There is
dialog: (pause)
dialog: There is.. a disease in their
dialog: hearts, so Allah added to their
dialog: disease and they shall have a
dialog: painful chastisement because they
dialog: lied. And when it is said to them,
dialog: Do not make mischief in the land,
dialog: they say: We are but peace-makers.
dialog: Now surely they themselves are the
dialog: mischief makers, but they do not
dialog: perceive.
dialog: 86.
text: Wajda stops and looks around the room for some indication on
dialog: whether or not she should continue.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Thank you, Wajda, that was very
dialog: good.
text: Noura looks worried and very angry. Fatima has a small smile
text: on her face. The two teachers lean in to consult each other.
text: The moment seems endless to Wajda.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Girls, you did an excellent job and
dialog: you should be proud you all made it
dialog: this far. Congratulations...we will
dialog: announce the winner after the
dialog: prayer.
text: Out of the corner of her eye she sees Noura, peering down at
text: Wajda's vest pocket. Wajda looks at her, confused, then down
text: at her pocket and sees the paper sticking out.
text: Noura’s mouth widens in a devilish grin as she sits straight
text: up in her chair.
text: Wajda blanches, pushes the paper down in to her pocket,
text: hiding it, then looks up quickly, panicking.
text: As the girls exit the stage Noura approaches the table where
text: the judges sit. She leans over to Ms. Hussa and whispers
text: something into her ear. Ms. Hussa furrows her brow, pauses
text: for a moment and looks at Wajda.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Wajda, please come over here.
text: Worried, Wajda walks over to the judges' table.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Empty your pockets.
text: Wajda stares at her.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I wasn't cheating, I swear!
speaker_heading: NOURA
dialog: I saw a cheat-sheet in her pocket,
dialog: Ms. Hussa. You said that they were
dialog: to have no notes or else they'd be
dialog: disqualified.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Thank you, Noura, for your courage.
dialog: You may go now.
text: Noura shoots Wajda an evil smile.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Wajda, empty your pockets, please.
text: Wajda slowly pulls out the contents of her pockets, first the
text: rock, then her Father's prayer beads, and puts them on the
text: table. She pauses, looks down at her vest pocket, and
text: reluctantly pulls out the folded piece of paper. Not
text: remembering what it is, she looks at it with despair and lays
text: it on the table.
text: The Koran teacher takes the paper from the table and reads
text: it. Her face relaxes and she suppresses a smile. She hands it
dialog: to Ms. Hussa.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER
dialog: Ms. Hussa, someone loves you and
dialog: thinks you are like the moon! I
dialog: don't know if we agree with that!
text: She laughs teasingly to Ms. Hussa then looks to Wajda kindly.
speaker_heading: KORAN TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: You know very well you shouldn't
dialog: bring notes like this to school,
dialog: not after the whole saga with Fatin
dialog: and Fatima.
text: Ms. Hussa takes the paper and looks at it, shocked. She looks
text: over to Wajda for answers. Wajda looks at her wide-eyed,
text: petrified to be caught with it.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Thank you, Wajda. Please go join
text: the other girls for prayer.
text: She smiles and hands the note back to her.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: And when you return this note to
dialog: its illustrious author, I assume
dialog: you will do so with the benevolence
dialog: and graciousness your Koran
dialog: learning has taught you.
text: Wajda takes the note, turns away, still wide eyed, and inches
text: slowly away from the table. As she moves away from them her
text: look of fear and shock turns into a very broad grin.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY 112
text: When she gets out into the hallway, alone, Wajda's smile
text: breaks into a giggle, until she bursts out into
text: uncontrollable fits of laughter.
scene_heading: INT. MOSQUE - DAY 113
text: The girls line up into rows. Some are taking out their
text: abbayahs and wrapping themselves for prayer.
text: Ms. Hussa is in the first row along with the other
text: contestants and a very angry Noura at her side.
text: Wajda sees Fatin and Fatima in the middle of the mosque and
text: lines up next them, smiling. She unfolds her abbayah and gets
text: ready to pray. Fatin looks over at her, raising her eyebrows.
speaker_heading: FATIN
dialog: You sure you want to stand next to
dialog: us?
text: Fatima holds Fatin's arm, then looks gratefully at Wajda.
speaker_heading: FATIMA
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: They haven't announced the winner
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: FATIN
dialog: You won, and you're their favorite
dialog: convert, so I'm sure they were all
dialog: rooting for you anyway.
text: Wajda stares uncomfortably at the floor, unsure what to say.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I.. I want to buy a bicycle. I'm
dialog: sorry, I had to win.
text: Fatin pushes Wajda away with her elbow. Fatima shakes her
text: head at Fatin and turns to Wajda.
speaker_heading: FATIMA
dialog: A bicycle? You would never dare.
dialog: We all know that you’re a coward.
text: Wajda looks up to see Ms. Hussa searching for her.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Wajda! We saved you a spot in the
dialog: first row with the other
dialog: contestants.
text: Wajda looks back to Fatin and Fatima, fixing their abbayahs
text: for prayer. Wajda hesitates.
speaker_heading: FATIMA
dialog: Go.
text: Fatin looks the other way but Fatima nods. Sadly, Wajda lines
text: up next to Ms. Hussa who grabs Wajda's abbayah and pulls her
text: next to her. She whispers down to her.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Good Muslims have to line up close
dialog: to each other so the devil...
dialog: (indicates Fatin and
dialog: Fatima) )
dialog: «doesn't get in between them.
text: Wajda avoids looking at Ms. Hussa as she lines up in her
text: spot. The call for the start of prayer is announced and all
text: of the girls pray in one synchronized voice.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Allhu Akbar.
scene_heading: 114 INT. SCHOOL AUDITORIUM - DAY 114
text: Noura, Salma and Wajda wait nervously on stage. Ms. Hussa
text: reaches to a megaphone behind the blackboard.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
text: Standing in front of me are the
dialog: three finalists of the school-wide
dialog: Koran competition. Only one will be
dialog: awarded the cash prize, but all
dialog: will receive lst, 2nd an 3rd place
dialog: certificates. The third place
dialog: winner is..Salma Andul Azziz.
text: Salma smiles to Wajda.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: And now, the runner up to this
dialog: year's competition is...
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Noura Al Markoon.
text: Wajda covers her face, tearing up with happiness, the exact
text: opposite of Noura’s right now.
dialog: 90.
text: Salma rushes up and gives Wajda an ecstatic congratulatory
text: hug. She scurries back to her seat and savors every second of
text: Noura, rigid and miserable, trudging up to Ms. Hussa, taking
text: her certificate and storming off the stage and out of the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Wajda Al Safan, you are our
dialog: champion. Congratulations! You are
dialog: in this spot because of your
dialog: devotion and perseverance, and I
dialog: hope all the girls here today learn
dialog: from your example.
text: Wajda's face beams with happiness as she walks slowly to the
text: front of the stage. She nods "thank you" as Ms. Hussa hands
text: her the certificate. She looks nervously at the megaphone.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: Alf Mabruk bint al Saffon. Don't be
dialog: shy! And what are your plans for
dialog: the prize money?
text: As Ms. Hussa hands her the megaphone, Wajda pauses and scans
text: the faces of the audience.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Mmmmm.
text: Ms. Hussa looks at Wajda and smiles encouragingly. Wajda's
text: gaze falls on Salma and the rest of the girls and then she
text: sees Fatin and Fatima, looking up at her - Fatin, with
text: contempt and Fatima with a glimmer of pride. Wajda takes a
text: big sigh and gathers her courage.
speaker_heading: WAJDA (CONT'D)
dialog: (defiantly to Ms. Hussa)
dialog: I am going to buy a bicycle from
text: the shop down the road.
text: Giggles and laughter erupt from the audience.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: What?
text: Wajda looks at Fatin and Fatima, who both smile, impressed
text: with her statement. Wajda looks back at Ms. Hussa.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (matter-of-factly)
dialog: I'm buying a bicycle.
dialog: (pauses and smiles) )
dialog: With no training wheels, of course.
text: Fatin and Fatima laugh, along with the rest of the
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: (persuasively)
dialog: Now Wajda, wouldn't you rather
dialog: donate the money to our fighting
dialog: brothers in Palestine?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: I don't think so. I'm going to buy
text: a bicycle.
dialog: gl.
dialog: crowd.
text: Wajda looks at Ms. Hussa calmly and shrugs her shoulders. Ms.
text: Hussa stands, unsympathetically.
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: A bicycle is not a toy for girls
dialog: Wajda. Especially Muslim girls who
dialog: need to protect their honor. Plus,
dialog: I'm sure your family won't allow
dialog: it. We will donate the money in
dialog: your name to our brothers and
dialog: sisters fighting in Palestine.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: But--
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA
dialog: Thank you for your obedience and
dialog: generosity. You may step down now.
text: Wajda stares at Ms. Hussa, then looks over at the other
text: teachers cautiously, realizing their disapproval. She
text: continues staring at Ms. Hussa, knowing she cannot argue.
text: Distraught, she turns to leave, but Ms. Hussa stops her
speaker_heading: MS. HUSSA (CONT’D)
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: You think you can act however you
dialog: want and people won't notice? This
dialog: will haunt you forever.
text: Wajda, infuriated, speaks very loudly.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: You mean like your “handsome”
dialog: thief??
text: The crowd goes silent as does a shocked and humiliated Ms.
text: Hussa. Wajda marches down to join the crowd of girls leaving
text: the big hall - Fatin and Fatima right by her side. Fatima
text: messes up her hair and Wajda tries to smile, holding back
dialog: tears.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF THE SCHOOL - DAY 115
text: Abdullah waits outside as Wajda exits, sobbing. She storms
text: past him without pausing. He runs along after her, confused.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Didn't you win? Where is the money?
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: In Palestine!
text: She continues walking. He stands in disbelief for a few
text: seconds and then runs along after her. She is heartbroken
text: with tears in her eyes. She turns her head to hide them.
text: Abdullah retreats, taken aback by her vulnerability.
text: Wajda runs off, leaving him standing alone in the street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE TOY SHOP 116
text: Wajda speeds up as she nears the toy shop. She breaks into a
text: run as she sees that the bicycle is no longer there. She
text: looks up to the Toy Shop Owner, unloading boxes from a truck.
text: He glances over at her and shrugs his shoulders.
scene_heading: TOY SHOP OWNER
dialog: I had to.
text: Wajda storms off angrily, crying fresh tears.
text: Abdullah, standing at the corner, stares at the empty spot in
text: front where the bicycle once sat.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CONSTRUCTION SITE - DAY 117
text: Wajda trudges slowly, defeated, trying not to cry. The
text: workers taunt Wajda as she approaches, making rude gestures.
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: Come up and play with us little
dialog: girl. We will have lots of fun!
text: Wajda stops, breathing heavily. Determined, she scoops up
text: handfuls of stones and throws them violently at the workers,
text: who run for cover. She cries.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Take this! Take this!
dialog: 93.
text: Abdullah catches up, sees what’s going on, scoops up a
text: handful of rocks and joins in, aiming for the workers. The
text: FOREMAN approaches them menacingly, shaking his fist.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Hey you kids! Stop that!
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: (holding up a big stone)
dialog: Tell your workers to stop bothering
dialog: her. She deserves better!
text: His arm still outstretched, he looks at Wajda who drops her
text: remaining stones, turns and runs back towards her home.
scene_heading: 118 EXT. FRONT OF WAJDA'S HOUSE - DAY 118
text: Wajda and Abdullah walk slowly back towards the house.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I'll give you my bicycle.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: Then how would we race?
text: Wajda walks on ahead of Abdullah.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH
dialog: Hey, Wajda!
text: She turns.
speaker_heading: ABDULLAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (gathering up his courage)
dialog: You know I'll marry you when we
dialog: grow up, right?
text: Wajda stops and looks at him sadly. She turns away and
text: continues towards her home.
scene_heading: 119 INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 119
text: Wajda pushes open the front door of her house, surprised to
text: see it’s unlocked. She walks in, tired.
text: Her Father sits on the edge of the couch, nervously twiddling
text: his thumbs. He runs his hands through his freshly combed hair
text: when he sees Wajda.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Hey, finally you're home!
text: Wajda looks at her Father, suspiciously.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (pretending to be cheerful)
dialog: What's up with the new hairstyle?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Your Mother’s rejecting my calls.
dialog: I've been trying to call her all
dialog: day. Where is she?
text: Wajda, without saying anything, pulls the certificate from
text: the competition out of her bag, walks slowly over to her
text: Father and hands it to him.
text: He looks at her, confused, and reads it. His face changes to
dialog: excitement.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You won? I can't believe it.
dialog: That's amazing!
text: He hugs her. Wajda rests her head on his shoulder and lets a
text: few tears flow from her eyes. He holds her in front of him.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, why are you crying? You won.
dialog: You should be happy?
text: Wajda is about to tell him everything when his phone RINGS.
text: He goes to the hallway to talk in private. He turns away from
text: Wajda, laughs, says something soft and hangs up. He returns
text: to the Majlis and picks up his ghutra and Okal.
text: As he leaves, he messes up her hair playfully.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm so proud of you, my little
dialog: champ.
text: He looks back at her.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell your Mother I waited for her.
dialog: I wanted to talk with her. Tell
dialog: her...
dialog: (clears his throat)
dialog: Tell her I love her.
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 95.
text: He turns back once more, giving Wajda an apologetic smile and
text: leaves. Wajda sits back into the couch. She looks up at the
text: clock on the wall. The phone RINGS and she picks up.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Hello? Hi Aunt Leila... No, I don't
dialog: know where she is... Yeah, she's
dialog: usually home by now.. Okay, I'll let
dialog: her know. Bye.
text: She lays down and continues staring at the ticking clock.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 120
text: Wajda sleeps on the couch, still in her school uniform. She's
text: awakened by the sound of GUNSHOTS and BLASTS of fireworks in
text: the distance. She sits up and sees that the living room is
text: dark. Lights are shining from the bathroom and her Mother's
text: room. She gets up and cautiously walks over.
text: She looks in through the doorway and sees her Mother's
text: abbayah on the bed right next to:
text: A NEW WHITE LAB COAT.
text: She heads for the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT 121
text: Wajda leans over the sink to wash her face. She sees clumps
text: of freshly cut hair along the inside of the sink. As she
text: examines it closer, she hears more GUNSHOTS and BLASTS of
text: fireworks. She looks at the stairway leading to the roof.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF OF WAJDA'S HOUSE - NIGHT 122
text: Wajda sees her Mother smoking a cigarette in the dim light.
text: Her hair is cut to shoulder length, twirling in the wind. She
text: stares off into the distance, at a party, where strands of
text: lights line a house a few blocks away.
text: Wajda walks over and stands next to her Mother, tossing her
text: Father’s rock idly in her hand. Her Mother tries to
text: discretely put out her cigarette. Wajda stares out at the
text: house with the lights on it, confused. The Mother smiles
dialog: sadly.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I heard the news. Congratulations,
dialog: I'm so proud of you.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: (pouting)
dialog: They didn't give me the money.
text: She puts the rock back in her pocket. The Mother messes up
text: Wajda's hair, playfully.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I can't believe you said you wanted
dialog: a bicycle!
dialog: (laughing) )
dialog: They must have thought you were
dialog: crazy!
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Damn them, you don't need their
dialog: money, anyway.
text: Wajda is taken aback by her Mother's tone. She watches her
text: skeptically as she squints off towards the house having the
dialog: party.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Isn't that my Grandmother's house?
dialog: I thought my Uncle's wedding wasn't
dialog: until next month. Right?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It's not your Uncle's wedding they
text: are celebrating.
text: Wajda looks up at her Mother suddenly. Her eyes widen in
text: realization. Wajda rushes over to hug her, and they embrace.
text: Her Mother sits them down and wraps her arms around Wajda's
text: head and shoulders as GUNSHOTS ring out in the distance. Her
text: Mother wipes the tears from Wajda's eyes.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: It's all right. He made his
dialog: decision. It'll be only the two of
dialog: us now. It will be fine.
text: She strokes her daughter’s hair. Wajda looks up, determined.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Let's buy the red dress and go over
dialog: there and get him!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: There's no need for the red dress
dialog: anymore. Besides, I used that money
dialog: to buy you something else.
dialog: 123
dialog: 97.
text: She reaches over and flicks on the bare light-bulb on the
dialog: wall.
text: The weak light falls directly on the corner of the roof
dialog: revealing...
scene_heading: THE GREEN BICYCLE!
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I wanted to surprise you tomorrow
dialog: morning.
text: Wajda stares at it in disbelief then looks over to her
text: Mother, who smiles at her tenderly.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I hope it’s the right one. The
dialog: Shopkeeper said he has been holding
dialog: it for some spunky little girl for
dialog: weeks.
text: They embrace each other and cry as fireworks continue behind
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEIGHBORHOOD STREETS - DAY 123
text: Wajda pedals through the neighborhood on her new green
text: bicycle. The wind blows through her hair. She slides to a
text: stop in front of her Grandmother’s house. She looks up at the
text: lights and remaining decorations. She sighs and continues on.
text: As she pulls away she sees Abdullah approach with a few other
text: boys. She smiles at him. He smiles back, waves the others to
text: go on without him and pushes hard to catch up with her.
text: As they pass the toy shop, The Owner sits sipping tea in
text: front of the store chatting with another FRIEND.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: What is this music?
text: As the children pass by, The Owner smiles at Wajda. His
text: friend looks at him in utter confusion.
text: Wajda turns and pushes her bicycle ahead faster. She looks
text: back to see if Abdullah is catching up to her.
speaker_heading: WAJDA
dialog: Catch me if you can!
text: She passes by several BYSTANDERS who look at her
text: disapprovingly. She holds out her arms proudly and steers the
text: bicycle without touching the handlebars, smiling.
dialog: 98.
text: Wajda breaks away and pedals until she reaches the end of the
text: road, where the highway begins. She slides to a stop, looks
text: back and smiles to see Abdullah catching up to her, then she
text: turns and stands watching the trucks and cars rumble by.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
dialog: 
