dialog: 
dialog: "WALL STREET"
scene_heading: ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY BY
scene_heading: STANLEY WEISER &amp; OLIVER STONE
scene_heading: OAXATAL PRODUCTIONS, INC.
speaker_heading: COPYRIGHT
speaker_heading: APRIL 1, 1987
speaker_heading: THIRD DRAFT
speaker_heading: Rev. 4/2/87
speaker_heading: Rev. 4/15/87
speaker_heading: Rev. 4/20/87
speaker_heading: Rev. 4/23/87
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. WALL STREET - EARLY MORNING
text: FADE IN. THE STREET. The most famous third of a mile in the
text: world. Towering landmark structures nearly blot out the
text: dreary grey flannel sky. The morning rush hour crowds swarm
text: through the dark, narrow streets like mice in a maze, all in
text: pursuit of one thing: MONEY... CREDITS RUN.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY PLATFORM - EARLY MORNING
text: We hear the ROAR of the trains pulling out of the station.
text: Blurred faces, bodies, suits, hats, attache cases float into
text: view pressed like sardines against the sides of a door which
text: now open, releasing an outward velocity of anger and greed,
text: one of them BUD FOX.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY EXIT - MORNING
text: The bubbling mass charges up the stairs. Steam rises from a
text: grating, shapes merging into the crowd. Past the HOMELESS
text: VETS, the insane BAG LADY with 12 cats and 20 shopping bags
text: huddled in the corner of Trinity Church...
text: Bud the Fox straggling behind, in a crumpled raincoat, tie
text: askew, young, very young, his bleary face buried in a Wall
text: Street Journal, folded, 'subway style', as he crosses the
text: street against the light.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Why Fox? Why didn't you buy...
dialog: schmuck?
text: A car honks, swerving past.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: Cavernous modern lobby. Bodies cramming into elevators. Bud,
text: stuffing the newspaper into his coat, jams in.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - MORNING
text: Blank faces stare ahead, each lost in private thoughts, Bud
text: again mouthing the thought, "stupid schmuck", his eyes
text: catching a blond executive who quickly flicks her eyes away.
text: Paranoia in the elevator. We quickly cut into private lives.
speaker_heading: WORRIED MAN (V.O.)
dialog: ... he'll sue me, could be for 5-6
dialog: million, and he'll get a million,
dialog: the house, they'll impound my
dialog: paychecks...damn, damn, why did I
dialog: sign that contract?
speaker_heading: BLACK BIKE MESSENGER (V.O.)
dialog: ... gotta get Lola in the sack man,
dialog: take her to the Garden for the
dialog: Terrells, Jimmy give me the tickets
dialog: for 12 bucks, I pull the midnight
dialog: shift, I could do 60 bucks... wow,
dialog: check those legs out...
text: His eyes on the same blonde exec who looks away, self-
text: conscious about her legs. The elevator stops at a floor,
text: discards only one person. The doors close a little too slowly.
speaker_heading: BLONDE EXECUTIVE (V.O.)
dialog: ... jerk...
dialog: (shifts her thoughts)
dialog: call Hanratty. The decimal points
text: on the code are uncalibrated.
dialog: Hoskins. The signatures on the bank
dialog: draft. Boyle, that
dialog: bitch...insurance...tax form. Shit,
dialog: talk to Kahn.
dialog: (recalling)
dialog: That's Hanratty, Hoskins, Bank,
dialog: Boyle and Kahn... H2B2K - shoot,
dialog: insurance and theatre
dialog: tix...H2B2K,I,T -- and the cleaners!
dialog: repeat...
text: Catching the eyes of Bud Fox once again wandering to her.
text: Camera moving to Bud who looks away.
speaker_heading: BUD (V.O.)
dialog: ...sorry, what a fox... funny, the
dialog: most beautiful girls in the world
dialog: are always on the street or in
dialog: elevators, never get to talk to
dialog: them, shy ... my looks, never had
dialog: confidence in them ...
dialog: overcompensating work syndrome...
dialog: prove your worth with money...
dialog: 'cept I'm not making any money...
dialog: (pause, the elevator
dialog: at another floor, slow)
dialog: ... wonder what all these people
dialog: are thinking about.
text: Camera moving slowly again over the eyes. The silence of
text: individual tension reigns over all.
speaker_heading: ANGRY MAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...Screw him! I'll destroy that
dialog: sonufabitch... he thinks he can
dialog: break a contract with me he's got
dialog: something to learn.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY (V.O.)
dialog: ...9:15!... he'll kill me this
dialog: time, he will really kill me... oh
dialog: come on elevator!... why do you
dialog: stop on every floor...
text: As the elevator stops again to disgorge two people.
speaker_heading: BIKE MESSENGER (V.O.)
dialog: (pissed now at the elevator)
dialog: ... come on man, time is money
dialog: man... One floor here I could do
dialog: eleven blocks...
speaker_heading: BLONDE EXECUTIVE (V.O.)
text: H2B2K,I,T,CL,P,O,T2...
dialog: (pause, she looks
dialog: like she forgot something)
speaker_heading: WORRIED MAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...goddamn elevators!...people, too
dialog: many goddamn people in this world!
text: The elevator finally comes to a slow stop... They wait,
text: plead, beg, screech with the eyes.
text: The door at last opens. None of them acknowledging each
text: other, they all stampede out the door with an audible gasp
text: of release, a collective sign akin to making it to a urinal
dialog: after a punishing wait...
text: The elevator tension is over, but the killer grind continues.
scene_heading: INT. JACKSON, STEINEM INVESTMENT HOUSE - DAY
text: Credits continue to run. Bud moves past the functional
text: reception area, past CAROLYN, a cheerful young black girl.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: How you doing Buddy?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Great Carolyn, doing any better
dialog: would be a sin...
text: He slips off his overcoat, flicks some lint off his Paul
text: Stuart $500 suit, and enters the main trading room.
text: Brokers mill by their desks, gulping coffee, scanning the
text: papers, the quotrons. The digital clock by the big board
text: counter clicks to 9:26 am -- four minutes until the market
dialog: opens. You can smell the hunger.
text: Bud takes a deep breath, tosses the newspaper away and
text: struts into the office -- fuck it -- it's a new day.
text: MOVING past DAN STEEPLES, a flush-faced old-timer, a blue
text: and white Yale tie, with a carnation in his lapel.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Morning, Dan. What's looking good
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: STEEPLES
dialog: If I know I wouldn't be in this
dialog: business. Get out while you're
dialog: young, kid. I came here one day, I
dialog: sat down, and look at me now.
text: Past CHARLIE CUSHING, on the phone, a handsome chunk of man
text: with rugged good looks and Ivy League mannerisms.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...hey Chuckie, how's the woman-
dialog: slayer?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: ...still looking for the right 18
dialog: year old wife, how you doing, pal?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...if I had your looks, better.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (used to it)
dialog: ...takes years of genetics, pal,
dialog: and a Yale education... and the
dialog: right tailor.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...not that you learned anything,
dialog: Chunk.
text: Bud reaches his trading desk, whips open his briefcase and
text: pulls out a computer print-out of last night's homework.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I gotta feeling we're going to make
dialog: a killing today, Marv.
speaker_heading: MARV (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah, where's your machine gun.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Joke about it. I was up all night
dialog: charting these stocks. You want to
dialog: see this or what?
text: His associate, MARVIN, a manicky wise-guy, swivels over his
text: chair from a nearby desk. He gives the charts a quick read.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: (scowling)
dialog: Looks bearish to me, buddy. You got
text: it all upside down.
dialog: (confidential)
dialog: Okay, I'm giving this to you and
dialog: you alone, 'cause I feel sorry for
dialog: you. Take the Knicks against the
dialog: Bullets, and my pick of the day --
dialog: Duke to beat the spread against
dialog: Wake Forest.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Thanks, Marv, with that I might be
dialog: able to qualify for welfare.
text: LOU MANNHEIM, strolls in, a dignified looking older broker
text: in his late 60's, wearing an old brown brim hat with button
text: down white shirt, narrow tie, very much a picture from
text: another era... a kind humor in his eyes... but obviously
text: ailing in the legs and breath department.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: You got a look in your eye, Mr.
dialog: Mannheim... You got something for
dialog: the small fry...
speaker_heading: MANNHEIM
dialog: Jesus, can't make a buck in this
dialog: market, country's going to hell
dialog: faster than when that sonofabitch
dialog: Roosevelt was around... too much
text: cheap money sloshing around the
dialog: world. The biggest mistake we ever
dialog: made was letting Nixon get off the
dialog: gold standard. Putney Drug--you
dialog: boys might want to have a look at it.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Take 5 years for that company to
dialog: turn around.
speaker_heading: MANNHEIM
dialog: ...but they got a good new drug.
dialog: Stick to the fundamentals, that's
dialog: how IBM and Hilton were built...good
dialog: things sometimes take time.
text: The stentorian voice of OFFICE MANAGER HIERONYMUS LYNCH
text: booms over the intercom.
text: We see him peering from behind the glass partition in hit
text: office; tall, balding with a perpetual worried look on his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: LYNCH
dialog: Attention. Please. Office Production
dialog: is down ten percent this week. I
dialog: recommend that you all go through
dialog: your clients' investments for any
dialog: portfolio adjustments. And don't
dialog: forget -- double commissions today
dialog: on our 'A' or better bond funds.
dialog: (looking in Bud and
dialog: Marv's direction)
dialog: Especially you rookies. Also,
dialog: remember, the sales contest ends
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Bud and Marvin roll their eyes. The digital clock flashes
text: 9:30. The CREDITS close.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: And they're off and running!
text: The room rises to a subtle but new energy level with the
text: clatter of the ticker, speakers, teletype machines,
text: newsprinters' Dow Jones and Reuters, phones ringing off the
text: hook. Brokers are shouting orders, running for tickets,
text: dodging each other; it's a controlled riot.
speaker_heading: BROKERS
dialog: Here's a hot lead... Have I got one
dialog: for you.... sell ... dump it all!!
dialog: ... 500 at an eighth, an eighth!...
dialog: July fifties. April thirties...how
dialog: bout those Decembers? You see where
dialog: they're going? ... Morgan is
text: selling a billion one at the close.
dialog: Yeah. That's right, they're selling
dialog: all over the place... we're still
dialog: long on the treasuries -- $110
dialog: million. What about the Japs?
dialog: ...Where am I?
dialog: (confused at all the
dialog: phone lights)
dialog: We gotta lot of lights here! Let's
dialog: pick 'em up.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Jack, take 50 Gulf, with a 3/8 top,
dialog: forget the hundred. What about
dialog: Delroy? I can go long at 23, let's
dialog: go long...Conwest Air -- let me
dialog: check it...
text: He looks up at the TICKER... stock quotes whizzing by.
speaker_heading: BUD (O.S. CONT'D)
dialog: Up an eighth. How many you want?
text: It's on the floor.
text: He writes the order up.
text: A shot of CHARLIE CUSHING yawning as he half-listens to his
text: customer, resting the phone on his kneecaps.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: THE CLOCK... It's 2.30 p.m. We hear the relentless clatter
text: of the board ticker, and the drone of disembodied voices,
text: blarihg market information out of squawk boxes.
text: Bud's desk is now cluttered with order tickets, literature,
text: crumpled notes, beverage cups and a half-eaten sandwich.
text: He's on the phone and from the look on his face, the caller
text: on the other end is breaking his balls. Marvin paces past,
text: making a dramatic phone pitch.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Dr. Beltzer has to have his
dialog: information this minute! It
dialog: concerns his future!
text: Bud waves Marvin away, answers his caller, trying to keep
text: cool, worried how as he sees Lynch, the office manager,
text: coming over.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hey Howard, I thought you were a
dialog: gentleman. Sure it's gone down a
dialog: little bit, but you got the tip
dialog: from your printer, I didn't... Yeah
dialog: you did. That's what you said.
dialog: (heated)
dialog: I didn't tell you to buy it, why
dialog: would I tell you to sell it?
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: No, I can't give it back! Give it
dialog: back to who? You own it!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No, he's out right now.
text: As he looks up and winks at Lynch, standing over him.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (cupping the receiver)
dialog: ... That's what you told us to say.
speaker_heading: LYNCH
dialog: Give me that phone.
dialog: (takes receiver)
dialog: Yes, sir, this is the manager. What
dialog: seems to be the problem?
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: (into his phone)
dialog: What?... Well, how was I to know
dialog: you were in surgery? What am I
dialog: Marvin the mind reader here?
text: Bud whispers, tensely. Lynch listens.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: He's lying.
speaker_heading: LYNCH
dialog: Okay, sir. I'll discuss this with
dialog: the broker and I'll get back to you.
dialog: You're welcome.
text: Lynce hangs up and glares at Bud.
speaker_heading: LYNCH
dialog: If I'm closing out this account. If
dialog: he doesn't pay for it tomorrow, you
dialog: pay for it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Mr. Lynch, I swear to you, he's lying!
speaker_heading: LYNCH
dialog: Fox, you're making more problems
dialog: than you are sales.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I don't think you're being fair,
dialog: sir. You assigned me this guy, and
dialog: you know he's got a history...
speaker_heading: LYNCH
dialog: Somebody has to pay for that error.
dialog: And it's not me.
text: Lynch walks off. Bud does some quick calculations in his head.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: (reappearing)
dialog: Buddy, buddy, buddy; little
dialog: trouble, huh, today.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (devastated)
dialog: Howard the Jerk reneged on me. I've
dialog: got to cover his loss to the tune
dialog: of about seven grand! I'm tapped
dialog: out man, American Express got a hit
dialog: man looking for me.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Hey, things could be worse. It
dialog: could've been my money. Let me help
dialog: you out, rookie.
text: He takes out his wallet and loans Bud a hundred bucks.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Thanks Marv, I'll make it good to
dialog: you.
dialog: (fervently)
dialog: You know what my dream is? One day
dialog: to be on the other end of that
dialog: phone...
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Just put me on the institutional
text: side of the room where the real
dialog: cheesecake is. You forgetting
dialog: something?
text: Marvin points up at the clock. Bud looks up... it's 2:40.
text: Bud quickly composes himself. He picks up the phone, dialing
text: purposefully.
speaker_heading: MARV (CONT'D)
dialog: Buddy, buddy, when ya gonna realize
dialog: it's big game hunters that bag the
dialog: elephants, not retail brokers. I
dialog: heard this story about Gekko... he
text: was on the phone 30 seconds after
dialog: the Challenger blew up selling NASA
dialog: stocks short.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hello, Natalie -- guess who? That's
dialog: right, and you know everyday I say
dialog: to myself, today could be the day...
dialog: So what do you say... will you
dialog: marry me? Then please can you get
dialog: me through to Mr. Gekko?
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: (coaching)
dialog: It concerns his future!
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Of course he's busy, and so am I.
dialog: Five minutes. That's all I'm asking.
dialog: I know that if he could only hear
dialog: what I have to say... it would
dialog: change his life.
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO OFFICE - DAY
text: NATALIE, a classy attractive Englishwoman is on the phone
text: with Bud, somewhat amused by his manner. She is the personal
dialog: secretary to multimillionaire, Wall Street trader and
text: raider, Gordon Gekko. His windows look out on a panoramic
text: view of the city and East River.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Mr. Fox, I've told you before, I'm
dialog: sure you're a good broker, but our
dialog: traders talk to the brokers, Mr.
dialog: Gekko only deals with investment
dialog: bankers. Yes, I shall give him your
dialog: message ...
text: As they're speaking, another SECRETARY leads two well-heeled
text: JAPANESE BUSINESSMEN past her desk. As she opens the door to
text: the inner office and ushers them inside, we catch a glimpse
text: of a figure, pacing back and forth, talking animatedly on
text: the phone by the huge corner window. HE IS GORDON GEKKO. We
text: hear a deafening ROAR as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MCGREGOR'S BAR AND GRILL - NEAR LAGUARDIA AIRPORT -
speaker_heading: TWILIGHT
text: In the background, a 747 ascends into the night sky,
text: climbing over the roof tops of weathered brick tract houses.
text: Bud, coat collar pulled up against the wind, crosses the
text: street, entering a neighborhood bar. We see an old maroon
text: Honda behind him.
scene_heading: INT. MCGREGOR'S - TWILIGHT
text: Dimly-lit, noisy, blue-collar airline bar. Machinists and
text: mechanics still in their overalls at the bar, drinking,
text: watching ESPN FIGHT NIGHT, on TV. Bud searches the crowd. A
text: group of middle-aged men wave him over, BLUESTAR AIRLINES
text: insignias on the pockets... CHARLIE DENT, a rugged, chain-
text: smoking ex-Marine Sergeant, and DOMINICK AMATO, a big strong
text: Italian greet Buddy as he comes over.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Buddy boy, how ya doing?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Great Charlie, any better it'd be a
dialog: sin.
speaker_heading: AMATO
dialog: (slapping Bud)
dialog: I hear all you guys on Wall Street
dialog: are millionaires, when you gonna
dialog: make us rich?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Gotta open an account to win the
dialog: lottery, Dominick. Give me 15,000,
dialog: you'll have a condo in Florida next
dialog: Christmas.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: ... sure and we'll own the airline.
dialog: If he makes anybody rich, let him
dialog: make himself rich, so's he can pay
dialog: off his school loans.
text: As he signs an unemployment insurance form for one of his men.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ... nice to see you in such a good
dialog: mood Dad, what'd Mom do, give you
dialog: fish for dinner? ... You're smoking
dialog: too much, how many times do you
dialog: gotta go to the hospital to ...
text: Carl, inhaling his cigarette, grimaces formidably,
dialog: terminating the subject.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: ...leave me alone willya. Only
dialog: thing makes me feel good anymore.
dialog: Spaghetti. She makes lousy
dialog: spaghetti...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's called pasta now Dad,
text: spaghetti's out of date.
text: Bud sitting down next to him, pats him around the shoulder.
text: Dad, a sarcastic and gruff edge to him, makes a faint smile.
text: He has a genuine affection and pride in his somewhat
dialog: glamorous son.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: ... so am I. Whaddaya want, a beer?
dialog: (to waitress)
dialog: Hey Billie, bring another for the
dialog: kid, he looks good, doesn't he?
text: Dominick and Charlie go off. A pause. Father and son sizing
text: each other up with a look.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: ... looks like you grown another
dialog: inch... but you don't look so hot,
dialog: getting bags under your eyes,
dialog: starting to look old like me.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Ah, I had a tough day. Some jerk
dialog: D.K'd me and I gotta cover his loss.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Speak English will ya.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: D.K. -- didn't know -- who I was
dialog: when the options he bought took a
dialog: bath. He reneged on me.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (nods, satisfied)
dialog: I told you not to go into that
dialog: racket. You could've been a doctor
dialog: or a lawyer,
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Coulda been a contender.
speaker_heading: CARL (CONT.)
dialog: you coulda stayed at Bluestar and
dialog: been a supervisor in instead of
dialog: going customer relations by now,
dialog: 'stead of going off and bein' a
dialog: salesman.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (an old story between them)
dialog: Look Dad, I'm not a salesman. How
dialog: many times I gotta tell you I'm an
dialog: account executive, and pretty soon
dialog: I'm going to the investment banking
dialog: side of the firm.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: You get on the phone and ask
dialog: strangers for their money, right?
dialog: You're a salesman.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (ticked)
dialog: Dad, it takes time. You gotta build
dialog: a customer list. I'm doing it. I
dialog: could make more money in one year
dialog: as a broker than five years at the
dialog: airline.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I don't get it, you get a
dialog: scholarship to NYU, you get 35,000
dialog: the first year, and 50 last year,
dialog: where the hell is it?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: 50 K don't get you to first base in
dialog: the Big Apple, Dad, not any more. I
dialog: pay 40% in taxes, I got a rent of
dialog: 15,000, I got school loans, car
dialog: loans, food, park my car costs me 3
dialog: bills a month, I need good suits,
dialog: that's $500 a pop, shoes...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: So come home and live rent free,
dialog: 'stead of that cockroach palace you
dialog: live in. $50,000 Jesus Christ, the
dialog: world is off its rocker. I made
dialog: $37,000 last year and you...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's Queens, Dad and a 5% mortgage
dialog: and you rent the top room--I gotta
dialog: live in Manhattan to be a player,
dialog: Dad. There's no nobility in poverty
dialog: anymore, y'know. One day you're
dialog: going to be proud of me, you'll
dialog: see...
dialog: (hurting)
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (sees it)
dialog: It's yourself you've got to be
dialog: proud of, Huckleberry, how much ya
dialog: need?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can you spare three hundred? Pay
dialog: you back next month, promise.
text: Dad reaches into his pocket, looks at his cash. It hurts.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: ...Got a 100 on me, you...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Not in here Dad... please. Later.
text: Dad shrugs, puts it away.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: ... it adds up Buddy, 300 here, 200
dialog: there. Your brother never...
dialog: (cuts off when he
dialog: sees Buddy's face)
dialog: ...well, I always said money is
dialog: something you need in case you
dialog: don't die tomorrow...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (changes subject)
dialog: How's Mom?
text: Another man comes over with a bandage around his head and a
dialog: compensation form for Carl to sign. ("Hey, chief").
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (with affection)
dialog: ...same, pain in the ass, god bless
dialog: her, talks too much... gonna take
dialog: her to Florida next month... west
dialog: coast, near Tampa, like to get out
dialog: for good, but can't afford it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...Work okay?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (lights another
dialog: cigarette, grimaces)
dialog: ...this drug testing is driving my
dialog: guys nuts. I got flagged for my
dialog: blood pressure pills. The only good
dialog: news is, we just met with the
dialog: comptroller over some union
dialog: stuff...'member that crash last
dialog: summer? and the investigation?
dialog: Well, the FAA is gonna rule it was
text: a manufacturing flaw in the door
dialog: latch mechanism. I kept telling 'em
dialog: it wasn't maintenance, it was those
dialog: goddamn greedy manufacturers out in
dialog: Cincinnati. And I was right.
text: He gives the signed form back to the injured man. (Carl:
dialog: "Okay, Frank")
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That's great Dad.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Damn right, it gets us out from
dialog: under suspension. We'll get those
dialog: new routes to Pittsburgh and Boston
dialog: and the equipment we need. We're
dialog: gonna compete with the big boys now.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (boasts)
dialog: Hey to Bluestar, as your broker all
dialog: I can advise is hold on to that
dialog: stock Dad...
text: They drink. Bud reflects a moment.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You sure about this FAA announcement?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: The FAA announcement.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Sure I'm sure. Buddy, you got that
dialog: mischievous look in your eyes. You
dialog: used to smile just like that when
dialog: you were a baby sleeping, just like
dialog: that.
text: Bud's mind racing elsewhere.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S APARTMENT - UPPER WEST SIDE - NIGHT
text: A cramped studio facing an air shaft with bars on the window.
text: Moving across to the sound of the radio alarm going off and
text: the glib tones of a rock D.J. announcing the Met's latest
text: streak ... The walls are papered with stock analyses and
text: graphs, print out pages strewn across the floor. No other
text: semblance of a personal life except clothes haphazardly
text: tossed, Barron's and Fortune magazines. A GIRL's back is all
text: we see, sleeping naked on the bed.
text: Close on Bud's IBM computer -- his appointment calendar. Bud
text: focusing on an underlined notation: G.G.'s BIRTHDAY.
text: Bud stares at the clock: 4 a.m. He picks up a prospectus for
text: a chemical company, starts reading.
scene_heading: EXT. GEKKO BUILDING - MORNING
text: Bud, crossing lower Broadway, enters a magnificent towering
dialog: glass structure.
scene_heading: INT. GORDON GEKKO PENTHOUSE OFFICES - MORNING
text: NATALIE, Gekko's British secretary, is completing shorthand
text: notes as the intercom buzzes. A logo for "GEKKO &amp; CO. is
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: RECEPTION
dialog: (off)
dialog: ... I have a delivery here for Mr.
dialog: Gekko. It's a personal item and the
dialog: gentleman says you have to sign for
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: ...all right, send him in...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MORNING
text: Bud, somewhat nervous, is led down an impressive hallway
text: hung with expensive modern art... past a huge Calder mobile
text: and a pool of some 15 traders on phones, quotron terminals
text: and keyboards... into Natalie's outer office.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hello, Natalie, you recognize the
dialog: voice? I'll give you a hint, you're
dialog: thinking seriously about marrying
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (recognizing the voice)
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...And you're even lovelier than I
dialog: pictured. I brought a birthday
dialog: present for Mr. Gekko.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: First of all, Mr. Fox, you can't
dialog: just come barging in here. And what
dialog: makes you think it's his birthday?
text: Bud takes out an old crumpled Fortune magazine cover of
dialog: Gordon Gekko, entitled "Gekko the Great!"
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's in the bible, see. You better
dialog: go buy him a present. Please,
dialog: Natalie. Let me give him the gift;
dialog: Cuban cigars--Davidoff, his
dialog: favorite and hard to get.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Stay here, I'll see what I can do.
text: She takes the gift and enters Gekko's office. Bud paces
text: nervously. Natalie re-appears, stern, but a note of
text: compromise in her voice.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Wait outside.
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO OFFICES - OUTSIDE RECEPTION AREA - DAY
text: Bud on the courtesy phone, hangs up, looks nervously at his
text: watch. Almost 12. He's lost some two hours of business.
text: Natalie suddenly comes out, without a smile.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Five minutes...
text: Bud brightens, pumping himself in the mirror, muttering.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (to Natalie)
dialog: Well... life all comes down to a
dialog: few moments, and this is one of 'em...
text: He follows Natalie.
scene_heading: INT. GORDON GEKKO'S OFFICE (BUD'S POV) - DAY
text: Furnishings in hypermodern gray and black lacquer, Modern
text: Art ranging from black field paintings by Ad Reinhardt to
text: the smashed dishes of Julian Schnabel. Nautilus equipment,
text: hi-tech gadgets are in evidence, including a splendid Howard
dialog: Miller World Time Clock, and a world map...
text: Three of Gekko's people, young MBA's dressed for success,
text: are scattered about the room, on phones, calculators, coming
dialog: in and out.
dialog: GORDON GEKKO aka Gekko the Great as the media calls him,
text: dressed in a custom English suit, paces on the phone with
text: the restlessness of a caged tiger, a 50-foot extension cord
text: attached to his blinking 130 line silver-plated telephone.
text: On his ears is a headset.
text: He is carrying on overlapping conversations with a myriad of
text: bankers, partners and lawyers; pausing to issue commands to
text: his aides while keeping his eye on the stock prides spitting
text: across a bank of quotron monitors, carrying everything from
dialog: New York Exchanges to London, commodities, gold, and
dialog: currency values. A second Secretary and sometimes Natalie
text: exit and enter with various messages written on a piece of
text: paper, indicating a waiting party on the phone. Gekko often
text: shakes his head "no".
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: ... what the hell is going on? I
dialog: just saw 200,000 shares move, are
dialog: we part of it, we better be, pal,
dialog: or I'm gonna eat your lunch for
dialog: you... get on 1.
dialog: (switches lines)
dialog: Sorry, love it at forty. It's an
dialog: insult at fifty. Their analysts
dialog: don't know preferred stock from
dialog: livestock...
dialog: (a beat, mischievous smile)
dialog: wait for it to head south, then
dialog: we'll raise the sperm count on the
dialog: deal... right. Get back to me....
dialog: (to Alex, an aide
dialog: listening an the
dialog: other line)
dialog: This is the kid that's called me 59
dialog: days in a row. Wants to be a player
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: There oughta be a picture of you in
text: the dictionary under persistence.
dialog: (back to phone)
dialog: Look, Jerry, I'm looking for
dialog: negative control, no more than 30
dialog: to 35%, just enouqh to block
dialog: anybody else's merger plans and
dialog: find out from the inside if the
dialog: books are cooked. If it looks as
dialog: good as on paper, we're in the kill
dialog: zone. We lock and load pal...get on 3.
text: ALEX DE BETANCOURT, a tall handsome Frenchman, jots a note
text: and follows Gordon over to line 3. Gekko's dark intent eyes
text: fixing briefly on Bud who stands waiting in the corner. He
text: motions him to sit.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (new line)
dialog: Yeah, Billy, who's your buyer?...
dialog: No, not interested.
dialog: (eyes an Quotron, to
dialog: Ollie, a trader)
dialog: Ollie, start calling a the
dialog: institutions, start with Marx at
dialog: Janson Mutual, then Reardon. Get me
dialog: that California retirement money,
dialog: baby! And we're on our way!
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: You got it, G.G.
text: OLLIE, a gigantic 200 pound man wearing pink suspenders,
text: rises and walks to another phone, past Bud...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (back on line with
dialog: Billy, listening)
dialog: ... check the arbs for MacDonald's.
dialog: Yeah, I'm having a Mac attack.
text: 20,000 shares. For about 30 minutes.
dialog: Lunch? Are you joking -- lunch is
dialog: for wimps. Get back to me...
dialog: (to Alex)
dialog: 4.
text: Bud's eyes on the framed "tombstones" from the Wall Street
text: Journal commemorating Gekko's successful deals; they hang
text: like scalps from the walls. Gekko's eyes drifting to Bud, a
text: friendly easy smile for a flick of an instant, he has
text: genuine charm in his manner and though ultrafast verbally,
text: projects calm and confidence at the center. A man who
dialog: obviously loves what he does, to some small degree is
dialog: flashing his stuff for the outsider.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (line 4)
dialog: Look Harold, they're vulnerable,
dialog: alright, but we don't want 'em to
dialog: think they're under accumulation.
dialog: Go slow. Call Geneva and the
dialog: Bahamas for me, will ya? We feint
dialog: towards it but we wait...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What about tipping off Yurovich?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (grimaces)
dialog: If I ever need surgery, get me the
dialog: heart of an arb like Yurovich, it's
dialog: never been used...Happy Holideals
dialog: Harold...
text: Hangs up, eyes to Bud. His headset comes off.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: How do you do Mr. Gekko. I'm Bud Fox.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: So you say. Nice to meet you; hope
dialog: you're intelligent. Like these,
dialog: how'd you get these?
dialog: (indicating cigars)
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (tries a smile, awkward)
dialog: ...got a connection at the airport.
text: Gekko notes the answer, wrapping the cuff of a state-of-the-
text: art, automatic blood pressure monitor around his arm and
text: starts pumping it up. His aides continue on the phones.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: So what s on your mind kimosabe?
dialog: Why am I listening to you? Got to
dialog: monitor my blood pressure, so
dialog: whatever you do, don't upset me.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh no, no...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (demonstrating it)
text: Within 45 seconds, a microprocessor
dialog: computes your systolic and
dialog: diastolic pressure. Has an LCD
dialog: readout, and it's cost effective --
dialog: less than one visit to the doctor.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I just want to let you know Mr.
dialog: Gekko I read all about you at NYU
dialog: Business, and I think you're an
dialog: incredible genius and I've always
dialog: dreamed of only one thing -- to do
dialog: business with a man like you...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (smiles, impatient
dialog: with the speech)
dialog: So what firm you with, pal?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Jackson, Steinem...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (nods)
dialog: ...going places, good junk bond
dialog: department, you got the financing
dialog: on that Syndicam deal.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...Yeah, and we're working on some
dialog: other interesting stuff.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (fishing)
dialog: ...A cosmetics company by any
dialog: chance? What are you, the 12th man
dialog: on the deal team? The last to know?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Can't tell you that, Mr. Gekko.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: So whatta you got for me, sport?
dialog: Why are you here?
text: Bud opens his attache case and rifles out a handful of
text: briefs. Gekko noting the blood pressure reading and taking
text: the cuff off his arm. Ollie, the big trader, ambles back in,
text: says something to the third aide, a young intelligent-
text: looking woman SUSAN TURNER.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Chart break-out on this one
dialog: here...uh Whitewood-Young
dialog: Industries...low P.E. Explosive
dialog: earnings. 30% discount from book.
dialog: Great cash flow. Coupla 5% holders.
dialog: Strong management.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: It's a dog, what else you got,
dialog: sport, besides connections at the
dialog: airport?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Mr. Stevenson in San Fransisco.
text: Gekko takes the call, cutting Bud off.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: He respond to the offer? What? What
dialog: the hell's Cromwell doing giving
dialog: lecture tours when his company's
dialog: losing 60 million a quarter? I
dialog: guess he's giving lectures on how
dialog: to lose money...if this guy opened
dialog: a funeral parlor, no one would die,
dialog: this turkey's totally brain
dialog: dead...Well Christmas is over and
dialog: business is business.
dialog: (simultaneous to Ollie)
dialog: Keep buying. Dilute the sonofabitch.
dialog: Ollie I want every orifice in his
text: body flowing red.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: (laughs, on the phone)
dialog: He's flowing, Gordo. Piece of cake.
text: Gekko hanging up and buzzing an aide. Throws out an aside to
dialog: Bud.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: ...doesn't look like it but the
dialog: best trader on the street...
dialog: (to Susan)
dialog: Sue get the LBO analysis on Teldar
dialog: Paper and bring it here...what else?
text: Bud shifting, uncomfortable as Gekko finally swivels his
text: attention back to him.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (coming right back)
dialog: Tarafly...Analysts don't like it. I
dialog: do. The breakup value is twice the
dialog: market price. The deal finances
dialog: itself. Sell off two divisions,
dialog: keep...
text: Aiex, knowing the stock, sneers, shares a look with Gekko
text: who looks up at Bud with the first sign of interest.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (laughs)
text: Not bad for a quant, but a dog with
dialog: different fleas.
dialog: (checks his hi-tech watch)
dialog: Come on, tell me something I don't
dialog: know. It's my birthday, pal,
dialog: surprise me...
text: As he opens a birthday card and feeds it into the SHREDDER
text: that sits next to his desk over the waste basket. The sound
text: it makes is soft and menacing. Buddy knows its fourth down
text: and long, Gekko's attention is shifting to the quotron. In
text: frustration, Bud blurts it out.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (standing)
dialog: Bluestar Airlines.
text: The camera moves on him now, sudden, more intense, in a
text: sense trapping him.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: ...rings a bell somewhere. So what?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: A comer. 80 medium-body jets. 300
dialog: pilots, flies northeast, Canada,
dialog: some Florida and Caribbean routes...
dialog: great slots in major cities...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: ...don't like airlines, lousy
dialog: unions...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: There was a crash last year. They
dialog: just got a favorable ruling on a
dialog: lawsuit. Even the plaintiffs don't
dialog: know.
text: Gekko looks up, remotely interested.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (hesitates, concerned)
dialog: I know...the decision'll clear the
dialog: way for new planes and route
dialog: contracts. There's only a small
dialog: float out there, so you should grab
dialog: it. Good for a five point pop.
text: Ollie comes back in, as excited as he ever will get under
text: his rolls of flesh, his voice deadpan.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: ... just got 250,000 shares at 18
dialog: 1/4 from Janson, think I'll pull
dialog: twice that at 18 1/2 outta the
dialog: California pensions. We got close
text: to half a million shares in the bag.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Hey, the Terminator! Blow 'em away
dialog: Ollie.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: And, I'm pretty sure we got the
dialog: Beezer Brothers out of Tulsa coming
dialog: in with us and I'm working on the
dialog: Silverberg boys in Canada.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Rip their throats out and put them
dialog: in your garbage compactor.
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: Interesting. You got a card?
text: Buddy thrusts a card into his hands. Gekko glances at it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: My home number's on the back...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (smiles, looks at card)
dialog: Bud Fox, I look at a hundred ideas
dialog: a day. I choose one.
text: Bud stuffs his notes back into the briefcase, hoping for a
text: word of encouragement in the awkward silence.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, hope to hear from you, sir.
text: He turns and heads out the door, still shaken by the
text: revelation he has made passing Susan who hurries in with a
dialog: dossier.
text: Gekko glances at it. As Bud leaves, he overhears:
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (off)
dialog: OK gang, looks like we're going
dialog: over 5% in Teldar, start the
dialog: lawyers on a tender offer and 13D,
dialog: we keep going after everything in
dialog: sight but don't pay over $22.
dialog: They're gonna fight, they got Myers
dialog: and Thromberg doing their legal,
dialog: they make Nazis look like nice guys...
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE GEKKO'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud walks glumly past Natalie, certain that he's blown it.
text: She's busy on the phone.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...thanks Natalie.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (buzzing inside, preoccupied)
dialog: ...have a nice day Mr. Stone.
dialog: (wrong name, doesn't
dialog: notice, to Gekko on phone)
dialog: ... Mr. Gekko, the conference call
text: is ready. Mr. Sugarman and Mr.
dialog: Lorenzo in Delaware. Mr. Bernard in
dialog: Los Angeles. Mr. Jackson and Ms.
text: Rosco in London. They're all on.
text: The phone call goes behind closed doors. Bud walks out,
text: dejected.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud comes in, distracted, punches into his quatron. Teldar
text: Paper comes up.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: (comes over)
dialog: ...well, see him?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (mind on the computer)
dialog: Yeah, but he didn't see me.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Cheer up buddy buddy. You shook
dialog: Gekko the Great's hand and you
dialog: still got all your fingers. He's
text: not the only elephant in the jungle.
text: INSERT: TELDAR PAPER. The quotron. Bud's eyes. Thinking to buy.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: (looks)
dialog: ... got something from him? Teldar
dialog: Paper?
text: Bud wipes it off the screen, his mind made up, dismissing
dialog: the temptation to buy.
speaker_heading: BUD
text: ...a dog with fleas.
text: Lynch, the manager, stalks past with some telexes.
speaker_heading: LYNCH
dialog: Where you been the last 3 hours,
dialog: Fox? I wouldn't be sitting around
dialog: chin wagging if I were you...
dialog: plenty of names in that phone book
dialog: to cold call...
text: Marvin gives Lynch the Italian salute, behind his back.
text: Grudgingly, Buddy flips open the massive New York phone book.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: ...got tickets for the Knicks
dialog: tonight. Go out and cruise some
dialog: bimbos afterwards, whaddaya say?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: ...gotta read my reports.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Forget charts! We're not fund
dialog: managers, Bud, churn 'em and burn
dialog: 'em. I'm offering you the Knicks
dialog: and chicks. God save you before you
text: turn into poor Steeples over there.
text: Their eyes briefly on DAN STEEPLES, red faced, desperately
text: trying to make a sale on the telephone, hangs up defeated.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...preferably Lou Mannheim...
text: Their eyes briefly on LOU MANNHEIM, in his private office,
text: sitting there slumped, thinking, smoking as he watches the
dialog: quotron.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Nice guy but a loser. Lost all his
dialog: equity when his firm went belly up
dialog: in the recession of 71. you wanna
dialog: be coming in here in your late
dialog: sixties still pitching? ...
dialog: Whatever happened to that cute
dialog: analyst at Thudder, Wicks? ...
dialog: Cindy? Susan?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Cindy. Having sex with her is like
dialog: reading the Wall Street Journal
dialog: 'cept the Journal don't talk back.
dialog: 'Sides this AIDS crap is ruining
dialog: romance, nobody trusts anybody
dialog: anymore, gotta get a blood test in
dialog: the toilet before you leave a bar
dialog: together, somebody oughtta invent
dialog: an AIDS dipstick, no kidding, make
dialog: a fortune. I gotta get to work...
dialog: Z's today.
dialog: (hitting the phone
dialog: with the directory)
text: The pool SECRETARY, GINA, calls out.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Call for you Buddy.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (taking it)
dialog: Bud Fox.
text: Bud rears up in his seat. A change. Marvin notices.
scene_heading: INT. GORDON GEKKO OFFICE - SIMULTANEOUS - DAY
text: Gekko talks into his speaker phone, gazing out the window.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Alright Bud Fox... buy me twenty
dialog: thousand shares of Bluestar. No
dialog: more than 15 1/8, 3/8 tops, and
dialog: don't screw it up sport.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S CUBICLE - DAY
text: The camera tracks around and in on him climactically as the
text: Music Theme rises to ensnare him... We end close on Bud.
dialog: Dumbstruck.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes, sir. Thank you. You won't
dialog: regret it.
text: He hangs up, stunned still, rises from his chair, unbuttons
text: his collar and feverishly starts writing the ticket.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Got a little action there, eh buddy?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Marv,
dialog: (turns triumphant)
dialog: ...I just bagged the elephant!
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBUS AVENUE - NIGHT
text: The upper West Side. The young, the rich and the restless
text: parade along the avenue, jamming the neighborhood restaurants
text: and bars. Bud glides along, feeling a part of the crowd now,
text: past a dreadlocked DERELICT swigging Thunderbird and
text: shouting obscenities, shaking a wooden African spear.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT/BAR - NIGHT
text: Inside a glitzy neighborhood singles bar in which Bud stops,
text: everybody seems to be young and drinking margueritas. Bud
text: orders a beer, surveying the room like a veteran, overhearing
text: the conversation of a YOUNG TRADER to two other broker types.
speaker_heading: YOUNG TRADER
dialog: ...you know Marty Wyndham? He
dialog: netted $650,000 out of that
dialog: merger...26 years old, the guy's
dialog: Rambo. Got himself a Porsche Turbo
dialog: Cabriolet about 75 thou, got a
text: house in Westhampton, penthouse on
text: Second Avenue, gets up at 2:30 in
text: the morning, he's in the office at
dialog: 4...guy never sleeps...Rambo genes...
text: He blathers on as Bud surveys the room, noticing an ELEGANT
text: BLONDE with a striking aloof beauty, very much the debutante
dialog: dream Grace Kelly type, so refined that you wonder what she
text: could possibly be doing out at night in public alone.
text: Bud summons his courage, catches his breath, makes his way
text: over... She sees him approach, obviously doesn't wish to
text: talk, eyes darting elsewhere like a nervous deer.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: Hi...can I buy you a drink? I'm
dialog: celebrating tonight.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: (disdainful)
dialog: Please, no thanks...
dialog: (looking away)
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Look, I know you get approached a
dialog: lot by dubious men, but I'm
dialog: different, I never talk to
dialog: strangers, all my life I've been
dialog: waiting for the right person to
text: walk across the room...
dialog: you're that person, you don't know
dialog: it but I do and if you walk away
dialog: now I'll never see you again or you
dialog: me. You'll grow old.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: Oh really.
speaker_heading: BUD (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll grow old. We'll both die. And
dialog: we'll never have known each other.
dialog: That's sad. At least one drink for
dialog: a dreamer...What's your favorite
dialog: drink?
text: She looks at him, not quite sure. Is he serious or glib?
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: (uncommitted)
dialog: Grand Marnier.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sounds like a french word, what is it?
speaker_heading: BLONDE
text: It's a romantic and tragic drink.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sounds tempting. I prefer mine with
dialog: a twist of fate. You know like us
dialog: meeting. Don't go away...
text: Maybe, just maybe she's his! His eyes show it as he hurries
text: back to the bar to order. As he gets the bartender's
text: attention, he turns and sees that she is joined by a MAN who
text: looks as if he stepped out of the pages of GQ. Together they
text: walk away. Stung, Bud watches as the woman of his dreams
text: disappears out the door.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...I just lost it.
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Bud and a DATE he's obviously just picked up, are struggling
text: to be seen in a mass of people trying to get in the hottest
text: new club in Manhattan. Bud easing forward along the ropes to
text: a large BOUNCER who roughly pushes one of the bridge-and-
text: tunnel kids back across the rope.
text: Joe discreetly shows him $50 but they guy says: "No room!,"
text: humiliating him in front of his date. The bouncer shoving
text: Bud aside as Gordon Gekko and KATE, his wife, and ENTOURAGE
text: (ALEX, others) are shown through the ropes into the door.
text: Bud says something to Gordon but it gets lost in the confusion.
scene_heading: EXT. 79TH STREET &amp; BROADWAY - EARLY DAY
text: People pouring into the subway on the way to work. Bud
text: rifles through the Financial Times he's just bought at the
text: newsstand and finds the article he was looking for: BLUESTAR
text: EXONERATED IN 1984 CRASH. He thrusts his fist in the air,
text: victoriously...bounds down the subway stairs.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud's on the quotron and the phone; the word's spread around
text: the office, he's landed Gekko and brokers drop by his desk
dialog: to get the lowdown.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: What's it at now? Still moving. Great!
speaker_heading: STEEPLES
dialog: The man of the day. Pour some water
dialog: on him to cool him off...one of
dialog: these days I want to know how you
dialog: got Gekko's account.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (indicating Dan's
dialog: Yale tie)
dialog: My magic tie, Dan.
speaker_heading: STEEPLES
dialog: I'll trade you.
text: Lou Mannheim and a Chinese LADY BROKER intersect.
speaker_heading: CHINESE LADY
dialog: Gordo the Great, way to go.
speaker_heading: MANNHEIM
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Good little company. I remember
dialog: when we got the money for Bluestar
dialog: to build those first planes, back
dialog: in the fifties.
speaker_heading: CHINESE LADY
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: I hear you're buying Teldar.
text: Bud smiles back at her mischievously.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sleep with me and the secrets of
dialog: the West are yours.
speaker_heading: MANNHEIM
dialog: Now that's a crap company, sure
dialog: you'll make money on the takeover
dialog: rumor, but what's being created.
text: Nothing. No substance behind it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (succinct)
dialog: Old values. Buy.
text: She hears him. As they go, Marvin swivels madly over in his
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Buddy, buddy, some buddy; why
dialog: didn't you tell me to buy Bluestar.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hey Marv, he demanded
dialog: confidentiality...
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Gimme a break. You buy Bluestar
dialog: Airlines yesterday. Today they just
dialog: happen to get good news and the
dialog: stock goes bat shit. You must have
text: ESP. A real Nostradamus.
dialog: (Bud ignoring him,
dialog: picking up the phone)
dialog: Jesus Christ, what are friends for?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: All right, I owe you one Marv.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: That's right, next time a little
dialog: birdie talks to you, talk to me too
dialog: E.F. Hutton.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: (pool secretary)
dialog: Buddy, phone...Gordon Gekko!
text: Everybody in the adjacent area turns and looks at Buddy like
text: in an E.F. Hutton commercial.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hi Natalie...lunch at 21?
dialog: (looks at watch)
dialog: I'm out the door...
text: As he springs up to leave, Lynch the manager happens to be
text: strolling by. He nods pleasantly at Buddy.
speaker_heading: LYNCH
dialog: Nice piece of work, Fox. Why don't
dialog: you join me and the partners for
dialog: lunch tomorrow in the dining room?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'd love to, Mr. Lynch, thank you.
scene_heading: INT. 21 CLUB - DAY
text: Dark mahagony wood, plush banquettes, a long oak bar. Bud
text: enters the main dining room in a relatively outre suit that
text: hangs on him embarrassingly as other businessmen in well-cut
text: suits move around him and a Maitre d' sniffs, then leads him
text: to where Gekko is parked, finishing up his lunch. A half
text: finished plate is removed to make way for Bud.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Hi sport.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (still nervous)
dialog: Nice to see you again Mr. Gekko.
text: He's seated.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Try the steak tartare. It's off the
dialog: menu but Louis'll make it for you...
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: Of course sir. And to drink?
text: He looks at Gekko's bottled water.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Uh...just a Evian, thank you...
text: The Maitre d' leaves. Gekko proudly pulls a tiny 3" by 6"
text: color television out of his pocket with a 2" diagonal
text: screen, flips it on to the Dow Jones avarages.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: See this? Can you believe it? Two
dialog: inch screen...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...I can't even see it...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: ...for my kid Rudy -- 3 years old,
dialog: electronics freak, got a liquid
text: crystal display 'stead of an
dialog: electronic beam. We're going into a
dialog: new age pal. So how's business today.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Bluestar was at 21 and an eighth
dialog: when I left the office. It might
text: spin up to 25 by the bell...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (a tiny smile)
dialog: Teldar's shooting up. Buy any for
dialog: yourself? Bet you were on the phone
dialog: two minutes after you got out of my
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (flushes)
dialog: No sir, that would've been illegal...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (doesn't believe him)
dialog: Sure...relax sport, no one's gonna
dialog: blow a whistle. Here, is this
dialog: legal?...you wanna put it in my
dialog: account?
text: As he fishes a check out and drops it on Bud's plate.
text: Greeting TWO BANKERS who stop at the table as Bud picks up
text: the check, glances at it. His hand starts to tremble.
dialog: The check is for $500,000.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (to bus boy, the
dialog: bankers excited)
dialog: Can we have the check over here for
dialog: christ's sake.
speaker_heading: BUS BOY
dialog: (rushing off)
dialog: Yes sir!
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Cover the Bluestar buy and put a
dialog: couple hundred thou in one of those
dialog: bow-wow stocks you mentioned. Pick
dialog: the dog with the least fleas. Use a
dialog: stop loss so your downside is
dialog: 50,000, and buy yourself a decent
dialog: suit. You can't come in here
dialog: looking like that.
dialog: (Bud flushes, embarassed)
dialog: Go to Morty Sills, Tell 'em I sent
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (his genuine look)
dialog: Mr. Gekko -- thank you for the
dialog: chance. You won't regret this,
dialog: you're with a winner.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (paying the check
dialog: with cash)
dialog: ...put the rest of it in a money
dialog: market account for now. I want to
dialog: see what you know before I invest
dialog: it...and save the cheap salesman
dialog: talk, it's obvious.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (stung)
dialog: Excuse me sir.
text: Gekko rising to leave, the Maitre d' hovering around.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: You heard me...I don't like losses
dialog: sport. Nothing ruins my day more
dialog: than losses... You do good, you get
dialog: perks, all kinds of perks. Stay
dialog: home tonight. Louis, take care of
dialog: 'im. Enjoy the lunch.
text: Confused, Bud watches Gekko walk out of the room, pumping
text: extended hands left and right. He holds the cashiers check
text: up to his eyes, entranced by it, like a kid with his first
text: dollar...as the raw steak tartare with an egg on top is put
text: in front of him.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Bud is at his computer when the door bell rings. He's not
text: expecting a visitor. When he opens the door he is knocked
dialog: for a loop.
text: A smashing looking LADY in a fitted Chanel suit, ropes of
text: chains, short tight skirt, beautiful long legs, is standing
text: there. Taking in the apartment, she hides her distaste.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Hello Bud, I'm Lisa, a friend of
dialog: Gordon's.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (in a daze)
dialog: Lisa. Gordon? Oh, Mr. Gekko. Sure.
dialog: Would you, uh, like to come in?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Didn't he tell you?
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: That's so like Gordon. Get dressed,
dialog: we're going out.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: We are?
scene_heading: EXT. BUD'S BUILDING - NIGHT
text: A stretch limo is parked in front, neighborhood WINOS
text: inspecting it. The CHAUFFEUR opens the back door, as Lisa
text: steps inside, Buddy in tow. The winos clap, howling at her.
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE - NIGHT
text: Bud in the back seat next to Lisa, gazes out the black
text: tinted window as they drive away, then turns to her as she
text: gives him a bottle of Champagne to open.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: So, where are we going?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Wherever you like, Lutece, 21, the
dialog: River Cafe...or maybe we can just
dialog: drive around for a while.
dialog: (provocatively)
dialog: Work up an appetite.
text: She crosses her legs. Bud's eyes moving south. He pops the
text: cork. Lisa does a little blow, offers him.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Want some?
dialog: (he shorts)
dialog: Gordon tells me you're a very
dialog: talented broker. What do you like?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (feeling the rush)
dialog: Like? Uh...hmmm. Well...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I got this guy who should know
dialog: tells me buy Hewlitt Packard but I
dialog: been burned on tips. What do you
dialog: think Bud?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Let's see, it closed at uh, 41
dialog: 1/8...
dialog: (his voice cracking)
dialog: Up a quarter...very attractive...
dialog: about average yield...
text: She unzips his fly.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Rising profits...strong balance
dialog: sheets, good earnings per share.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (removing her blouse)
dialog: So you're hot on this stock?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (nods, moaning)
dialog: It's ready to take off. I'd jump
dialog: all over it if I were you.
text: As she pulls up her skirt and climbs on top of Buddy.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Buddy, in an obviously new Mort Sills suit, struts past
text: Carolyn at the reception desk, in high spirits.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Morning Buddy, you look happy.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Any better and I'd be guilty.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: (picking up the flow)
dialog: You were never that innocent sugarpie.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (coyly)
dialog: ...how do you know? You wish...
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
text: Bud on the phone, gazing at the ticker, concern in his eyes.
text: CLICKING of the tape ticker comes up over the music. He
text: looks at Marv.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
text: Later. Research reports piling up. Bud's secretary trying to
text: get his attention. Bud's concern growing, as the green
text: fluorescent numbers spit across the board. CLICKER growing
text: louder. Pan to Marvin, hands cupped in prayer. To Dan
text: Steeples who closes his eyes and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
text: Close. Bud watching the tape -- dizzying, hypnotic blur of
text: numbers. The roar of the clicker, drowning out the music...a
text: runaway freight train.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
text: Bud's hands clamped over his eyes. The numbers stop. Noise
text: recedes. He opens his eyes, looks down at his desk, stacked
text: with reports and phone messages, as the pool secretary,
text: GINA, calls out. Marvin glumly coasts over in his chair.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Boy, we sure went down the toilet
dialog: on that ugly bitch. If we were
dialog: Japs, we'd have to stay with our
dialog: aircraft.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Mr. Gekko's office is after you. Be
text: at the Wyatt Club courts at six...
text: Bud looks worried, at Marvin.
scene_heading: INT. WYATT CLUB SQUASH COURTS - DAY
text: Games in progress on the four courts, heavy hitting sounds.
text: Crossing to Gekko and Bud going at it. Bud is obviously the
dialog: worse for wear.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (amused)
dialog: ...come on sport, you gotta try
dialog: harder, I need some exercise for
dialog: chrissake...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: Mr. Gekko, I don't think I can...go
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: ...finish out the game, Bud, push
dialog: yourself...
text: Meant paternally or sadistically, it's hard to tell. Gekko
text: hits the ball, a big fat shot. Bud returns, Gekka moves him
text: around the court, as if punishing him, the kid exhausted but
text: the ball's never quite out of reach -- till Bud finally
text: can't take it anymore and at the end of his breath, smashes
text: into the wall and collapses. Gekko laughs. Bud lying there
text: like a sad dog as Gekka hauls him up.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: The public is out there throwing
dialog: darts at a board, sport. I don't
dialog: throw darts at a board. I only bet
dialog: sure things. Read Sun Tzu's "The
dialog: Art of War." 'every battle is won
dialog: before it is ever fought.' Think
dialog: about it.
text: He exits the squash court.
scene_heading: INT. WYATT CLUB STEAM ROOM - DAY
text: Gekko and Bud sit alone, wreathed in steam.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (sweating)
dialog: Nice club, Mr. Gekko...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Yeah... not bad for a City College
dialog: boy. Bought my way into this club
dialog: and now every one of these ivy
dialog: league schmucks is sucking my
dialog: kneecaps...I just got on the Board
dialog: of the Zoological Society, cost me
dialog: a million; that's the thing with
dialog: WASPS -- they like animals but they
dialog: can't stand people!
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (easing into it)
dialog: Uh, Mr. Gekko, we took a little
dialog: loss today. We got stopped out on
dialog: Tarafly...
dialog: (Gekko waits)
dialog: ...about 50 thousand.
text: Gekko's expression is frightening but cool.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: I guess your father's not a union
dialog: representative on that company.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (laughs, shocked)
dialog: What? How do you know about my father?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: The most valuable commodity I know
dialog: of is information. Wouldn't you
dialog: agree on that?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (exhaling deeply)
dialog: Yes...
scene_heading: INT. WYATT CLUB LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: Buddy is slumped on a bench after taking a shower, drinking
text: a Coke. Gekko towelling himself down, getting dressed...naked
dialog: man constantly stopping by to greet him. Hi Fred, hi Barry,
dialog: how's the wife...still living in Larchmont? Yeah, still
dialog: commuting... y'ever do anything with that Aetna Gas
dialog: deal...nah...fishing for information, for a possible drink
text: or meeting but Gekko stonewalls them all...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: You're not as smart as I thought
dialog: you were, Buddy boy, Listen hard --
dialog: don't count on Graham and Dodd to
dialog: make you a fortune, everybody in
dialog: the market knows the theory, ever
dialog: wonder why fund managers can't beat
dialog: the S&amp;P 500? 'Cause they're
dialog: sheep -- and the sheep get
dialog: slaughtered. I been in the business
dialog: since '69. Most of these high paid
dialog: MBAs from Harvard never make it.
dialog: You need a system, discipline, good
dialog: people, no deal junkies, no
dialog: toreadores, the deal flow burns
dialog: most people out by 35.
dialog: Give me PSHs -- poor, smart and
dialog: hungry. And no feelings. You don't
dialog: win 'em all, you don't love 'em
dialog: all, you keep on fighting, and if
dialog: you need a friend, get a dog, it's
dialog: trench warfare out there sport...
dialog: (eyeing the surroundings)
dialog: and in here too. I got twenty other
text: brokers out there, analyzing Charts.
dialog: I don't need another one. Talk to
dialog: you sometime...
text: He turns to go, Bud panicking. Is this the kissoff?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (with all his conviction)
dialog: I'm not just another broker Mr.
dialog: Gekko. If you give me another
dialog: chance, I'll prove it to you. I'll
dialog: go the extra yard for you. One more
dialog: chance. Please...
text: Gekko looks back, a beat, walks over to Bud, thrusts his
text: towel hard at his stomach.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: You want one more chance? Then stop
dialog: sending me information and start
dialog: getting me some. Get dressed, I'll
dialog: show you my charts.
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO LIMOUSINE - PARK AVENUE - DAY/TWILIGHT
text: Cruising up Park Avenue. A panel slides open next to the bar
text: with a portable computer on it. A television is turned on to
text: the evening news, a low hum of voices. Gekko punches into
text: the keyboard of the computer. A name appears an the screen...
text: LAWRENCE WILDMAN with curriculum vitae following; address,
dialog: phones, businesses...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Know the name?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: 'Course. Larry Wildman. One of the
dialog: first raiders.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (amused, cold hatred)
dialog: Sir Larry Wildman. Like all Brits
dialog: he thinks he was born with a better
dialog: pot to piss in... bribed an old
dialog: secretary of mine to open bar mouth
dialog: and stole RDL Pharmaceuticals right
dialog: out from under me. Wildman the
dialog: white knight.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (excited)
dialog: I remember that deal. You were
dialog: involved?
text: Gekko shuts off the computer and slides it back into the
text: housing, his eyes taking in the low-volume news.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Revenge is a dish best served
dialog: cold... well, it's payback time,
dialog: sport.
dialog: (looking out suddenly)
dialog: ... see that building? I bought
dialog: into it ten years ago. It was my
dialog: first real estate deal. I sold it a
dialog: couple of years later and made an
dialog: $800,000 dollar profit. It was
dialog: better than sex. At that time I
dialog: thought that was all tne money in
dialog: the world...
dialog: (drinks)
dialog: Now, it's a day's pay ... I had a
dialog: mole in Wildman's employ. Gave me
dialog: half the picture, then he got fired...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Wildman's in town. He just became
dialog: an American citizen. Something
dialog: big's about to go down. I want to
dialog: know where he goes and who he sees.
dialog: I want you, sport, to give me the
dialog: missing half of the picture...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Follow him? Mr. Gekko I...
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: It's not what I do. I could lose my
dialog: license. If the SEC found out, I
dialog: could go to jail. It's inside
dialog: information, isn't it?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (scratches his head wryly)
dialog: Inside information. Oh you mean
dialog: like when a father tells his son
dialog: about a court ruling on an airline?
dialog: Or someone overhears me saying I'm
dialog: gonna buy Teldar Paper? Or the
dialog: chairman of the board of XYZ
dialog: suddenly knows it's time to blow
dialog: out XYZ. You mean that?
dialog: (a piercing look)
dialog: I'm afraid sport, unless you got a
dialog: father on the board of directors of
dialog: another company, you and I are
dialog: gonna have a hard time doing any
dialog: business...
text: Bud downs the rest of his drink, upset by the darkening mood.
dialog: There's something very powerful and frighteninq about Gekko.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What about hard work?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: What about it? You work hard. I'll
dialog: bet you stayed up all night
dialog: analyzing that dog you bought. And
dialog: where'd it get you?... my father
dialog: worked hard too like an elephant
dialog: pushing electrical supplies. And he
text: dropped dead at 49 with a heart
dialog: attack and a tax bill and the bank
text: pissed on his grave and took the
dialog: house; my mom ended up working in a
dialog: dish factory... Wake up pal, if
dialog: you're not inside you're outside.
dialog: And I'm not talking a $200,000 a
dialog: year working Wall Street stiff
dialog: flying first class and being
dialog: "comfortable", I'm talking rich
dialog: pal, rich enough to fly in your own
dialog: jet, rich enough not to waste time,
dialog: 50-100 million, a player Bud -- or
dialog: nothing. You had what it takes to
dialog: let through my door. Next question:
dialog: You got what it takes to stay...??
text: The car stopping in traffic. Horns honking.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Look out there...
text: THEIR POV -- a STREET CORNER. A richly dressed EXECUTIVE
text: stands at the curb next to the BUM with a shopping cart
text: filled with garbage.
speaker_heading: GEKKO (O.S.)
dialog: You really think the difference
dialog: 'tween this guy and that guy is
dialog: luck? Mohammed, pull over.
text: The car pulls over. Gekko checks his watch, pulls out the
dialog: telephone.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: ...when it comes to money, sport,
dialog: everybody's of the same religion.
dialog: Or should be... Hope you don't mind
dialog: if I let you off here, I'm late for
dialog: a meeting. Good bye, nice knowing you.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK AVENUE - TWLIGHT
text: The CHAUFFEUR lets Bud out the door... Bud looks back at Gekko.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: All right, Mr. Gekko...you got me.
text: His eyes telling us he is weighed down by chains of guilt.
text: Gekko smiles, gazes at the twilight skyline, a sudden look
dialog: of contentment.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Yeah, it's a beautiful night. I
dialog: love this hot stinkin' city.
dialog: (pointing up Park Avenue)
dialog: ... nothing else like it in the
dialog: world. Seven million people living
text: on each other's heads, kids born,
dialog: millionaires dying, people praying,
dialog: junkies, whores, wills, lawyers,
dialog: deals, parties, sex... guys like
dialog: you sport -- dreaming about the big
dialog: score. You know the best thing
dialog: about New York is everything you
dialog: can do here. And the worst thing is
dialog: everything you can't do here...
text: He shuts the door. Bud watches as the limo drives off.
scene_heading: EXT. FIFTH AVENUE APARTMENT - DAY
text: Bud, in a suit, waits next to a motorcycle across from one
dialog: of the most desirable addresses in New York.
text: The Doorman rushes to open the door under the canopy as a
text: tall strong man in his fifties emerges with a LAWYER TYPE
text: and a FEMALE EXECUTIVE. The man is SIR LAWRENCE WILDMAN and
text: his manner and gait convey the impression of an authoritative
text: presence with little patience as the chauffeur opens the
text: door and he slides into the back seat of the limo.
text: Buddy, astride Marv's Kawasaki 500, hits the streets after
text: him. The music through the following Montage should suggest
text: a chase brio.
scene_heading: EXT. WALL STREET BUILIDING - DAY
text: Bud shooting past the Trinity Church structure... Wildman
text: gets out of his limo with his people, strides into the lobby.
text: Bud quickly parks his bike on the sidewalk and rushes in
text: after them... not a second too late.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - WALL STREET BUILDING - DAY
text: Bud just manages squeeze in the elevator with Wildman and
text: crew -- and -- a couple of other early birds -- as the doors
dialog: close.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Bud eyeing Wildman, looks away as Wildman looks back at him,
dialog: an edge of defiance to him, why are you staring at me? Not
dialog: the world's most likeable personality.
scene_heading: INT. KAHN, SEIDELMAN - OUTER OFFICE - DAY
text: The doors open and Wildman and Co. step out into the
text: reception area of Kahn, Seidelman... The doors close and
text: Buddy continues upward.
scene_heading: EXT. WALL STREET BUILDING - LATER MORNING
text: The street now jammed with people hurrying to work. Buddy
text: paces the curb, reacting when Wildman walks out, saying
text: goodbye to the female executive and getting in the limo with
text: his lawyer... Buddy follows.
scene_heading: INT. LE CIRQUE RESTAURANT - PARK AVENUE - DAY
text: Formal French haute cuisine. Power lunches in progress. As
text: Wildman is seated with several well-dressed BANKERS at a
text: good table, Bud tries to wrangle a table (next to Mr.
text: Wildman on top of everything from a stiff looking Maitre d'
text: who shakes his head, barely concealing his attitude towards
text: Buddy's youth and general demeanor.
scene_heading: EXT. LE CIRQUE - DAY
text: Buddy waits outside, bored, as Wildman steps out, shakes
text: hands with the bankers... Bud making an entry into his
dialog: notebook like any good spy.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN TUNNEL QUEENS - DAY
text: Music rising to triumphant proportions. AERIAL SHOT of Limo
text: emerging from the tunnel and onto the Long Island Expressway.
text: CAMERA MOVES IN, picking up Buddy on the Kawasaki, darting
text: through lanes, staying several car lengths behind.
scene_heading: EXT. LAGUARDIA AIRPORT - DAY
text: The Limo winds its way along the perimeter road, past
text: commercial airliners. It takes the turnoff for Butler
text: Aviation. Buddy exits the ramp shortly after them.
scene_heading: EXT. BUTLER AVIATION AIRFIELD - DAY
text: A corporate saberliner jet, its engines running, idles at
text: the end of the taxiway. The limo pulls up along the tarmac
text: next to it and Wildman steps out, walking past a MECHANIC to
text: the stairs of the plane. A STEWARDESS waits for him.
scene_heading: EXT. RAMP - DAY
text: Bud watches, wondering what to do as the plane taxies down
text: the runway. He spots the flight mechanic and the answer
text: comes to him. He starts running towards the mechanic.
scene_heading: EXT. APRON - DAY
text: Bud races up to the mechanic.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh shit, don't tell me Mr. Wildman
dialog: was on board that plane?
dialog: (the mechanic nods)
dialog: My boss is gonna kill me. I was
dialog: supposed to give him this.
dialog: (holding his notebook)
dialog: You know where that plane is going?
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: (walking off)
dialog: Erie, Pennsylvania...
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - AIRLINES TERMINAL - DAY
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (into phone, proudly)
dialog: ...after spending the morning at
dialog: Kahn, Seidelman -- on the 14th
dialog: floor, the junk bond department --
dialog: where Shane Mora works -- he had
text: lunch at La Cirque with a group of
dialog: well-dressed heavyset bean-
dialog: counters...
dialog: (Gekko voice back:
dialog: "the adjectives are
dialog: redundant, sport")
dialog: ...he later stopped off at Morgan.
dialog: I'd say from all the palm-pressing
text: and sweet smiling going on that
dialog: Larry got some nice fat financing...
dialog: G.G.
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO LIMOUSINE - HEADING DOWN PARK AVENUE - DAY
text: Alex and Susan are with him. Gekko playing the computer,
text: eyes lighting up on the phone.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: ...bright but not bright enough,
dialog: Sherlock, roll the dice and play a
dialog: little monopoly... what box would
dialog: Sir Lawrence land on in Erie,
dialog: Pennsylvania?
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - DAY
text: Bud slapping his face, realizing.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Jesus Christ, he's buying Anacott
dialog: Steel!
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO LIMO - DAY
text: Gordon already has the closing figures punched up on his
text: quotron. Calls his shot.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: When the market opens tomorrow, buy
dialog: five thousand March fifty calls.
dialog: You hear me? Start buying ten
dialog: thousand share blocks and take it
dialog: up to fifty dollars. When it
dialog: reaches fifty, you can let out a
dialog: little taste to your friends.
dialog: Then call this number -- 555-7617:
dialog: tell the man "blue horseshoe loves
dialog: Anacott Steel..." You scored, Buddy!
dialog: Be in touch.
dialog: (hangs up)
text: He hangs up, looks at Alex and Susan.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Start buying Anacott Steel all over
dialog: the board.
scene_heading: INT. BLUESTAR MAINTENANCE HANGAR - SAME DAY
text: A large company banner hangs from the rafters: "Bluestar -
text: The Vision Goes On." Buddy's father, Carl, Charley Dent and
text: Dominick Amato are changing the generator on a 727. A welder
text: is repairing a wing seam. Buddy shouting to his Dad over the
dialog: noise.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hey Dad!... Hi ya Charlie...
dialog: Dominick...
text: They wave back, Carl climbing down a maintenance stand...
text: lights up a cigarette.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: What brings you out here...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Client. Got a private jet over at
dialog: Butler Aviation... Dad, you always
dialog: gotta light up when you see me,
dialog: it's the...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (don't bother me look)
dialog: Don't start, alright.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Alright. Why so pissed?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Goddamn fare wars are murdering us.
dialog: Had to lay off five guys. Nothing I
dialog: could do. What is it... money?
text: Bud takes out his wallet, smiles, peels out 10 $100 bills.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah, it is. In fact I'm doing
dialog: great. New client. Whole new league.
dialog: It's starting to happen Dad. The
dialog: Big Leagues! You know what I'm saying.
text: He sticks the cash in his hand.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (doesn't)
dialog: Sure...lots of guys at the track
dialog: talk like that... but how do you
dialog: know you'll have any dough next
dialog: month...
dialog: (looking at the money)
dialog: What's this? I gave you two hundred.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Dividend. I figure I owe you about
dialog: five thousand in nickels and dimes...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (tries to give it back)
dialog: ...don't be crazy. Put it to your
dialog: school loans.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Don't worry about the loans. I'm
dialog: doing good Dad and it's gonna stay
dialog: that way now... least buy yourself
text: a new suit.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: What do I need a fancy suit for. I
dialog: don't hobnob with the jet set. I
dialog: just fix their planes.
text: Buddy forces the money into his hand.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...then buy yourself a decent
dialog: bowling jacket so when you take Mom
dialog: out you don't look like the Roto
dialog: Rooter man. Come on, for godsakes,
dialog: that's what money's for. Enjoy
dialog: yourself...
text: Touched, his father shakes his head and smiles. He takes it.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Problem with money is you never
dialog: have enough or you got too much --
dialog: and when you got it you're never
dialog: happy 'cause somebody's always
dialog: trying to take it away from you.
dialog: Money's one giant pain in the ass
dialog: y'ask me... thanks.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (admiration)
dialog: ... Dad, you should've been a CEO.
dialog: How about dinner?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Whatever night you like.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Wait... next week's booked. Let me
dialog: check with my girl and get back to
dialog: you on Monday.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (laughs at his new lifestyle)
dialog: Yeah, you do that huckleberry. I'll
dialog: still be here.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...gotta run Dad. You stop smoking,
dialog: you hear?
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud silent, an intent look on his face, gazing up at the
text: digital clock... as it flicks to 9:30... post time.
text: Tickers, squawk boxes and shouting erupt.
text: Bud calls in his order: "10,000 AN STL 46... and let me know
dialog: how the options are opening."
text: Music skips along in a revolving madcap fashion.
scene_heading: INT. FLOOR OF AMERICAN STOCK EXCHANGE - DAY
text: A CLERK hands the buy order to the FLOOR MANAGER. He starts
text: writing a ticket as we pull back:
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN STOCK EXCHANGE - DAY
text: Company floor traders are jammed into a narrow booth,
text: frantically takinq orders over phones and telex machines.
text: The FLOOR MANAGER gives the ticket to a RUNNER, a young man
text: wearing worn sneakers, who dashes off. We follow him across
text: the scruffy Exchange Floor, as he weaves through a crush of
text: traders crammed around horseshoe-shaped kiosks, cathode-ray
text: tubes slung above them, displaying the latest prices in
text: bright, green letters and numbers. Intermittent shrieks and
text: howls, calls to buy and sell, issue from the far reaches of
text: the labyrinthian room.
text: As in the final leg of a relay race, the RUNNER hands the
text: ticket off to a COMPANY TRADER, who is buying and selling at
text: the post where Anacott Steel is traded. The TRADER checks
text: the ticket and turns to the SPECIALIST, executing the order.
text: The camera moves up as the Anacott Steel (AN STL) quote
text: flashes across the broad tape -- as the price ticks up from
dialog: 46 to 46 1/4.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud paces nervously at his desk, looking at his quotron. AN
text: STL appears on the screen, now up to 47. Bud puts in another
dialog: order.
scene_heading: INT. STOCK EXCHANGE FLOOR - DAY
text: The SAME RUNNER races over, handing Bud's next TICKET to the
scene_heading: COMPANY TRADER.
text: Tilt up to the broad tape.
text: As ANACOTT STEEL, AN STL, rises to 48 1/8.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: On Bud, eating a sandwich, eyes glued to the ticker. AN STL
text: has climbed to 48 3/4. Marv stalks by, shouting on the phone.
text: Bud looks away from the ticker, pretending to read a report.
text: When Marv disappears, Bud hastily calls in at 49.
scene_heading: INT. STOCK EXCHANGE FLOOR - DAY
text: On the tired RUNNER dodging through the crowd, and over to
text: the TRADER handing him a new ticket.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Close on the OFFICE TICKER -- as Anacott Steel hits 50.
text: Buddy jumps up from his chair, and animatedly crosses to
text: Marv who is on the phone, cold calling.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Tell Mr. Ehrlich I've got important
dialog: financial news! It concerns his
dialog: future.
text: Bud presses down on the phone button, cutting him off.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: What the hell...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Anacott Steel. Buy it.
text: Marv looks at Joe and sees a look on his face that he's
dialog: never seen before.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Anacott Steel -- right.
text: Bud leaves, Marv re-dials.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Dr. Beltzer, you're gonna love this!
text: Lou Mannheim hangs up the phone, a troubled look. Bud leans
text: into his office.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Mr. Mannheim, got a sure thing.
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Anacott Steel.
speaker_heading: MANNHEIM
dialog: (scoffs)
dialog: No such thing Bud - 'cept death and
dialog: taxes. Not a good company anymore,
dialog: no fundamentals. What's going on
dialog: Bud? Do you know something?
dialog: (Bud uncomfortable,
dialog: Lou reads it)
dialog: Remember there're no short cuts
dialog: son, quick buck artists come and go
dialog: with every bull market but the
dialog: steady players make it through the
dialog: bear markets.
dialog: (Bud anxious to go)
dialog: You're part of something here, Bud.
dialog: The money you make for people
dialog: creates science and research jobs.
dialog: Don't sell that out.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You're right, Mr. Mannheim, but you
dialog: gotta get to the big time first,
dialog: then you can be a pillar and do
dialog: good things.
speaker_heading: MANNHEIM
dialog: Can't get a little bit pregnant, Bud.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's a winner Mr. Mannheim, trust
dialog: me -- buy.
dialog: (exits)
text: Charlie Cushing's on the phone.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Gotcha baby, its do-able... meet
dialog: you at the Wyatt Club... 3pm Dinner
dialog: Thursday... Indochina. Then we'll
text: kamikaze down to Nell's, chase a
dialog: little cotton underwear--I know
dialog: this 18 year old bimbo, man... you
dialog: can take it to the bank...
dialog: (hangs up)
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (intersects)
dialog: Wanna play some tennis Saturday?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You mean teach you how to play.
dialog: Can't. Going fly fishing in Canada,
dialog: big client...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: ...you take that Anacott Steel?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (winks)
dialog: ...light snack, but good, thanks
dialog: pal, you're sharking your way up...
text: Dan Steeples's talking confidentially on the phone.
speaker_heading: STEEPLES
dialog: I've just heard the most lovely two
dialog: words... 'Anacott Steel.'
text: Buddy dialing the phone number that Gekko gave him. He
text: speaks into the receiver, in a hushed voice.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...Blue horseshoe loves Anacott
dialog: Steel.
dialog: (hangs up)
scene_heading: INT. WALL STREET JOURNAL OFFICE - DAY
text: The REPORTER on the other end of the phone hangs up. He
text: rises from his desk, strides across the busy news floor,
text: over to an ASSOCIATE.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Anacott Steel's in play. Check the
dialog: arbs.
scene_heading: EXT. GEKKO BEACH HOUSE - BRIDGEHAMPTON - TWILIGHT
text: Wind and waves. Gekko's modern, Sante Fe structure house
text: sits on a dune overlooking the grey Atlantic.
speaker_heading: GEKKO (V.O.)
dialog: Sweeten the offer, throw 2 bucks
text: more in a convertible preferred.
dialog: And 5 year contracts for themselves.
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Immense slanted ceilings, a vast clean modern space filled
text: with dozens of contemporary art objects, junk sculptures,
text: floor to ceiling windows radiating light, that look out on a
text: cantilevered deck and pool - and the ocean beyond.
speaker_heading: GEKKO (CONT'D)
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: ... Cromwell wants to play
dialog: financial chicken with me, we'll
dialog: see who swerves first. Where the
dialog: hell's Gene?
text: Gekko slumps down on a sofa, exhausted, watching one of
text: several news reports he master-controls with a remote.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: You sent him to Vermont to get the
dialog: deposition from the CEO Cromwell
dialog: fired.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: ...done and done. Night gang, and
text: Susan no legs waving in the air
dialog: tonight. I want you dreaming about
dialog: Teldar Paper.
text: During this, RUDY, Gordon's 3 year-old son, drives in in the
text: latest electronic baby toy -- a Porsche-bodied electric car.
text: Gekko hangs up, checks out a Reuters quotron positioned nearby.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Rudy Kazootee, how's my cutie!
text: The kid jumps out of the car and scoots into his father's lap.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Daddy bad boy! Bad boy! -- play
dialog: with Wudi... Now!
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: No, not now Rudy. Daddy's making
dialog: money to buy you toys. Daddy work.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Daddy work bad boy!
text: Gordon absently tossles Rudy's hair, his eyes glued to the
text: TV. The kid senses it, jumps back off his lap and into the car.
scene_heading: BUSINESS ANALYST
dialog: ...the big story tonight is Anacott
dialog: Steel which closed at 51 1/8. Up 5
dialog: 1/8 from yesterday's close on heavy
dialog: trading...
text: Kate, Gordon's beautiful, raven-haired wife, homemaker and
text: antiquer, enters with the bovine-eyed AU PAIR GIRL from
text: France... just at Rudy drives his car into a wall where it
text: stalls, engines grinding.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: I think somebody's playing hooky
dialog: from the bathtub. Rudy, say good
dialog: night DAddy...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (can't hear, to Kate)
dialog: Shut that off, willya!
text: Kate, upset with the noise, tries to pull her son nicely out
text: of the car.
text: The Korean HOUSEBOY coming in.
speaker_heading: HOUSEBOY
dialog: Calls for you, sir, a reporter from
dialog: Time magazine on two, says it's
dialog: important... and a Mr. Fox on three.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: I come to the country and it's
dialog: worse than the city! I'm not home...
dialog: (changes mind, pushes in)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (off)
dialog: Mr. Gekko, I've been trying to
dialog: reach you. We got the options. We
dialog: got a good execution on them!
text: Meanwhile, the kid has no intention of going anywhere and
text: plants his feet and emits the loudest shrieking this side of
text: the fat lady in the opera.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Nicole! Take him will you...
text: Handing the bawling, writhing mass of anger to Nicole as if
text: it were laundry she doesn't want to touch... Nicole takes
text: him screaming out of the room... Gordon trying to concentrate
text: on the TV.
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Papers and charts are strewn around, trailing down to a box
text: of take-out pizza and empty beer bottles. Bud has stayed late.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (almost apologetic,
dialog: speeding on the high
dialog: of the buy...)
dialog: I got all I could get which was
dialog: 750,000 shares plus 5000 March 50
dialog: calls. Average price of $47 a share
dialog: And $4 per contract for the call. I
dialog: just wish I could've got more.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Don't expect to get it all, sport,
dialog: you'll burn out. First rule of
dialog: business is never get emotional
text: about stock, clouds the judgment.
dialog: Where do we stand?
dialog: 
scene_heading: BUSINESS ANALYST
dialog: In response to an inquiry from the
dialog: New York Stock Exchange, management
text: issued a terse no comment. Wildman
dialog: would not return phone calls.
dialog: Analysts believe the company is
dialog: worth $75 per share in a transaction.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: John and Carmen are here and the
text: Livingstons are on their way...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (nods, listening to phone)
dialog: I'll be right there, fix them a drink.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (shifting the figures)
dialog: ...we have 37.2 million invested.
dialog: At this point, we're up 3.1 million
dialog: and some change. If it goes to 75
dialog: bucks we can clean close to 12 mill.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You're walking between the
dialog: raindrops kid. I expect Sir Larry
text: is choking on his royal chamber pot
dialog: by now.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: My firm needs your signature on
dialog: these option agreements tonight,
dialog: sir, otherwise we could take a real
dialog: bath tomorrow.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: ...Can't it wait? I'm good for it.
dialog: (Bud waits, "Sir")
dialog: ...Awright. Come out, get the
text: directions from Natalie and hurry up.
scene_heading: EXT. GEKKO'S BEACH HOUSE - BRIDGEHAMPTON - NIGHT
text: Bud's P.O.V. as he pulls up to an austere, ultra-
text: sophisticated monolith of glass and wood dominating a
text: stretch of dune overlooking the Atlantic's angry surf.
text: Several Jags, state of the art Jeeps and a Rolls are drawn
text: up outside.
text: Bud, getting out of his faded Honda, goes up the stairs to
text: the door. He rings several times.
text: A BLACK BUTLER opens it and looks at Buddy somewhat warily.
text: Laughter and voices are heard from inside.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: (pretentiously: high
dialog: English accent)
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Bud Fox. Got some papers for Mr.
dialog: Gekko to sign.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Wait a moment please.
text: Without thinking he closes the door in Joe's face. He stands
text: there, harrassed peering around through a window on the lawn.
text: A small gathering of friends in progress around a glowing
text: fireplace. The butler waves him in from the door.
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO ALCOVE - NIGHT
text: Bud enters, as Gekko approaches. He seems annoyed to be
text: disturbed at his country home.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (apologetic)
dialog: Sorry, Mr. Gekko.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (takes the papers)
dialog: Allright. Wait here...
text: About to go when his wife, Kate Gekko, comes over. A pretty
text: dark-haired woman.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Problems?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: No... Bud Fox, my wife, Kate...
text: They exchange pleasantries.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: You came from the city?
dialog: (with a look to Gordon)
dialog: Long drive, have a drink.
text: Gekko doesn't seem to like the idea, but...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Yeah, why not, Bud boy...
dialog: 
text: Kate's walking back inside to her guests, as Bud sidles over
dialog: to Gekko.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...if you'd rather not, Mr. Gekko,
dialog: I can leave...
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: They cross to the main living room.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: ...It's okay Buddy, you know Alex...
dialog: Candice Rogers.
dialog: (Alex and his date
dialog: shake hands, faintly aloof)
dialog: ...This is Stone Livingston... and
dialog: his wife Muffie.
dialog: (a young stuffy
dialog: banker in weekend
text: corduroys looks at
dialog: Bud as if he
dialog: obviously doesn't belong)
dialog: ...Darien Taylor, Sam Ruspoli,
dialog: Carmen Winters, Dick Brady... All
dialog: old friends.
text: Bud looking wide-eyed at the beautiful "Calvados" BLONDE
text: he's been dreaming of for weeks... she's with Mr. GQ and
text: doesn't recognize Bud, nods back, they all nod back,
text: naturally suspicious of the young outsider... Rudy's TOY
text: ROBOT wheels around the floor with a drink on its tray,
dialog: talking computer talk...
speaker_heading: STONE LIVINGSTON
dialog: (charmed by it)
dialog: ...good idea Gordon, good help is
dialog: hard to find these days but can he
dialog: whip up a dry vodka martini...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: ...well he doesn't talk back or
dialog: steal the silver and Dick's gonna
dialog: get me an exemption on him, aren't
dialog: you...
dialog: (Dick Brady is
dialog: obviously an accountant)
text: Bud plucks a glass of wine from the robot's tray and plunks
text: himself down on a sofa, overhearing the conversation between
dialog: Muffie Livingston and Candice Rogers.
speaker_heading: MUFFIE
dialog: ...there I am in St. Kitt's in my
dialog: new Kamali leopard skin V-cut
dialog: bikini which is going to turn back
dialog: the clock on our marriage five
dialog: years, you know what I mean, and I
dialog: can't even fit into it, my skin's
text: all pink and inflamed, and I look
dialog: like a walking social disease all
dialog: because this Ukranian bitch botched
text: the wax on my bikini line.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: (revolted)
dialog: Oh my god, how ghastly, you should
dialog: sue her...
text: The Korean houseboy has come over to Gekko.
speaker_heading: HOUSEBOY
dialog: Call for you sir. Sir Larry
dialog: Wildman, he says it's important...
text: Bud tightens, so does the whole room hearing the name of the
text: moment. Gekko smiles at Buddy.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (to houseboy)
dialog: Make Mr. Livingston a martini would
dialog: you Nyung, and this gentleman...
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: Stick around, this could be fun...
text: He goes to the alcove to take the call.
speaker_heading: MUFFIE
dialog: So, I had to sit around the beach
dialog: wearing a moo-moo for 10 days, my
dialog: whole vacation ruined.
dialog: (noticing as Bud
text: laughs, chokes on the
dialog: wine, spilling some
dialog: on the couch)
dialog: You just spilled your wine.
text: Bud noticing the stain, starts wiping it.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: You're just making it worse.
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO ALCOVE - NIGHT (RAIN)
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Larry, what a surprise...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can it wait till tomorrow. I got
text: some people over.
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: ...if you feel that way Larry, come
dialog: over.
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO LIVINGROOM - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: The blonde, DARIEN TAYLOR, is examining a modern sculpture
text: as Buddy comes over with two Calvados.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hello again, I been holding these
dialog: drinks for us for the last three
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: (uncomprehending)
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: BUD
text: Grand Marnier. A romantic and
dialog: tragic drink.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Oh yes, I remember you.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Destiny took us apart, but I knew
dialog: it would bring us back together.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Aha. Poet or philosopher?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Stock broker. As in: never have so
dialog: few done so little for so much. So
dialog: what do you see in this?
text: Bud indicates the painting in front of them -- a buffalo
text: skull in the desert by Georgia O'Keefe.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: I'd give anything to have this in
dialog: my house, even for a week.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...few thousand dollars down the
dialog: drain if you ask me.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Oh really?
text: (looks at him quizically)
dialog: Well, I guess you can kiss that
dialog: career as an art appraiser goodbye,
dialog: because we paid over four hundred
dialog: thousand for it at the contemporary
dialog: picture sale last June.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (chokes)
dialog: You could have a great beach house
dialog: for that.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Sure you could, in Wildwood, New
dialog: Jersey. If you sold this,
dialog: (indicates a Rothko
dialog: hanging near the O'Keefe)
dialog: you could have a pretty nice
dialog: penthouse on Fifth. But you
dialog: wouldn't have much left over for
dialog: decoration.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Boy, I thought Gordon was a tough
dialog: businessman, but somebody's really
dialog: taking him to the cleaners here.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Not really. I'd say that Gordon is
dialog: one of the most astute collectors
dialog: around. He has a great eye and he
dialog: only buys the best. Like this rug
dialog: for instance, a silk Tabriz, the
dialog: finest of its kind. The day after
dialog: he bought it in London, a dealer
dialog: representing the Saudi Royal Family
dialog: offered him twice what he paid. It
dialog: absolutely makes the room. See how
dialog: this little bit of celadon in the
text: border is picked up in the cushions
dialog: oh the sofa... although...
dialog: (she's really warming
dialog: up to her subject now)
dialog: I don't know if I would have used
dialog: that tea dipped linen for the
text: upholstery - too dingy.
dialog: And it's a sacrilege having that
text: Pre-Columbian pot in the center of
text: the coffee table. Some dope might
dialog: use it as an ashtray.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I gather you're a decorator.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: You got it, a great spender of
dialog: other people's money.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, if you're that good, you
dialog: could probably do wonders at my place.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Upper West Side.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: (losing interest fast)
dialog: Oh really. Home of the exposed
dialog: brick wall and the
dialog: (shudders)
dialog: houseplant.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh it's just a rental. I'm moving
dialog: to the East Side soon. I've got a
text: couple of deals brewing with Gordon.
dialog: (shifts uncomfortably
dialog: with his pretension)
dialog: but that's just conversation...
dialog: what about real things? Like dinner.
dialog: The two of us. Friday. Cafe. Santo
dialog: Domingo.
text: Bud waits, staring suddenly and deeply into her eyes.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: What if I have a previous engagement?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Break it.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: I guess this must be destiny
dialog: alright. My first yuppie apartment
dialog: and...
text: (pats him on the
dialog: cheek flirtatiously)
dialog: my first yuppie.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (gives her a steely glare)
dialog: You may call me a yuppie... It's
dialog: Mister Yuppie to you.
text: They both laugh.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (gets serious)
dialog: So. See you Friday.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: You really do believe in destiny?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Only if I want something bad enough.
text: Her date, Mr. GQ, SAMMY RUSPOLI intersects with Kate. A
text: cultivated European air.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: ...there you go again, Darien,
text: talking with strange men.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: That's our Darien: elusive,
dialog: reclusive, exclusive.
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: You know Bud right? He works for
dialog: Gordon...
dialog: (Sam nodding, makes
dialog: conversation, big smile)
dialog: Sam's in banking. You staying for
dialog: dinner Bud?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (hesitant, eyes Darien)
dialog: No, I'm afraid I've got to get some
dialog: work...
text: Kate noticing the doorbell ringing.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: ...excuse me.
text: Sam muttering something in Darien's ear of an intimate
text: nature. She glides away with him.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: Call me next week, I'll give you an
dialog: estimate...
text: An ironic promise in her eyes... Bud ecstatic inside...
text: looks over, goes to the foyer...
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO ALCOVE - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: SIR LARRY WILDMAN walks in, his country gentleman clothing
text: somewhat softening his imposing figure but not the cultured
text: rapacious eagle's face. With him a lawyer.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (strained)
dialog: Larry, how have you been? Get you a
dialog: drink?
speaker_heading: WILDMAN
dialog: (slightly impatient)
dialog: Oh fine. Travelling actually.
dialog: Nothing thank you. Is...
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Gordon?... He's right here.
text: As Gordon intersects, casually tasting a spot of the dinner.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Larry! Excuse me "sir" Larry, great
dialog: to see you again, you're looking
dialog: good.
dialog: (handshakes)
speaker_heading: WILDMAN
dialog: Gordon...
dialog: (sniffing the guests
dialog: and furnishings in
text: the room as if they
dialog: were stale air)
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (leaving, to Gordon)
dialog: I guess I'll head back...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (spontaneously)
dialog: Stick around... Larry, one of my
dialog: "gang" -- Bud Fox.
text: Pleasantries. Bud nervously shakes hands, sensing Wildman
text: might recognize him from being tailed in the elevator. There
text: indeed is a moment but Wildman's attention blurs as...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Shall we go upstairs?
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO DEN - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Gordon enters a den lined with old books hunting prints; he
text: proudly picks up something from his gun collection.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Rarest pistol in the world, Larry,
dialog: a .45 Luger. Only six were ever
dialog: manufactured.
speaker_heading: WILDMAN
dialog: Congratulations but rarer still is
dialog: your interest in Anacott Steel.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: The same interest as yours Larry.
dialog: Money. I thought it'd be a good
dialog: investment for my kid...
speaker_heading: WILDMAN
dialog: No. This time I'm in for the long
dialog: term. This is not a liquidation,
dialog: Gordon. I'm going to turn it around.
dialog: You're getting a free ride on my
dialog: tail, mate, and with the dollars
dialog: you're costing me to buy back the
dialog: stock, I could modernize the plant.
dialog: I'm not the only one who pays here
dialog: Gordon. We're talking about lives
dialog: and jobs; three and four generations
dialog: of steel workers...
text: A strong hint of the cockney working class east and London
text: boy whiffing through his speech and manner. The "mate" is
dialog: tough and to the point but not insulting...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (has to smile)
dialog: You must be wearing a mask you're
text: laughing so hard behind it Larry.
dialog: Let's cut the "sir" crap. Correct
dialog: me if I'm wrong, but when you took
dialog: CNX Electronics, you laid off 8,000
dialog: workers, Jessmon Fruit about 6,000,
dialog: that airline...
speaker_heading: WILDMAN
dialog: (cold, deliberate)
dialog: I could break you, mate, in two
dialog: pieces over my knees, you know it,
dialog: I know it, I could buy you six
dialog: times ever, I could dump the stock
dialog: just to burn your ass but I happen
dialog: to want the company and I want your
dialog: block of shares. I'm announcing a
dialog: tender offer at 65 tomorrow, and
dialog: I'm expecting your commitment.
text: Bud watching this drama unfold. Gekko is about to blow,
dialog: controls it.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Showdowns bore me Larry, neither
dialog: side wins. You can have the
dialog: company, in fact it's gonna be fun
dialog: watching you and your giant ego try
dialog: to make a horserace out of it...
dialog: (turns to Bud)
dialog: What do you think is a fair price
dialog: for our stock Bud?
text: Bud in the spotlight. The eyes all shift to him -- his
text: moment. After an initial panic, he's cool as a cucumber --
text: and ruthless as his mentor.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: The break up value is higher. It's
dialog: worth 80.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: But we don't want to be greedy now,
dialog: so let's let him have it at $72.
text: His eyes to Wildman who looks at him, cold, icy mean.
speaker_heading: WILDMAN
dialog: You're a two bit pirate and a
dialog: green-mailer, Gekko, nothing more...
dialog: not only would you sell your mother
dialog: to make a deal, you'd send her COD...
text: Bud looking sharply as Gekko's eyes flare with hot white anger.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: My mail's the same color as yours
dialog: Larry. Or it was till the Queen
dialog: started calling you "sir". Now
dialog: excuse me before I lose my temper...
text: He rises and exits.
speaker_heading: WILDMAN
dialog: $71...
text: Gekko stops at the door, a beat.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Considering you brought my mother
dialog: into it, $71.50.
speaker_heading: WILDMAN
dialog: Done. You'll hear from my lawyers.
dialog: 8 a.m. Good night.
text: He walks out with the silent lawyer. Past Gekko who watches.
dialog: "Ta Ta".
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: He's right. I had to sell. The key
dialog: to the game is your capital
dialog: reserves. You don't have enough,
dialog: you can't pee in the tall weeds
dialog: with the big dogs.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (mimicking Gordon now)
dialog: "All warfare is based on
dialog: deception..." Sun Tzu says, If your
dialog: enemy is superior, evade him, if
text: angry, irritate him, if equally
dialog: matched, fight... if not, split and
text: reevaluate.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: You're learning, sport...
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S APARTMENT - PRE-DAWN
text: Exhausted from the drive back, Bud takes off his sweater and
text: tie and collapses onto the bed, closing his eyes. The phone
text: rings. With a start he wakes and answers it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah?...
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GEKKO'S BEACH HOUSE - DAWN
text: The sky is still dark, the first rays of light coming up
text: over the ocean. Gekko, a lonely figure in a windbreaker,
text: restlessly prowls the edge of the beach, waves crashing
text: around him. He's been up all night and has an exhausted,
text: driven look as he whispers over the wind into the cellular
dialog: phone...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Money never sleeps pal. When I came
dialog: in in '69, they traded six hours a
dialog: day, now the clock don't stop,
dialog: London's deregulated, the Orient is
dialog: hungrier than us. Just let the
dialog: money circle the world, sport,
dialog: buying and selling, and if you're
dialog: smart it comes back paying. I just
dialog: made $800,000 in Hong Kong gold.
dialog: It's been wired to you -- play with
dialog: it. You done good, but you gotta
dialog: keep doing good. I showed you how
text: the game works, now school's out.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (protests)
dialog: Mr. Gekko, I'm there for you 110%.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: You don't understand. I want to be
dialog: surprised...astonish me, sport, new
dialog: info, don't care where or how you
dialog: get it, just get it... My wife
dialog: tells me you put a move on Darien.
dialog: Here's some inside info for you.
dialog: That Euroflash GQ guy she's going
dialog: with's got big bucks but he's
text: putting her feet to sleep. Exit
dialog: visas are imminent. So don't lose
dialog: your place in line.
dialog: (gazing at the surf)
dialog: Oh, jeez, I wish you could see this.
text: The lights coming up over the water.
dialog: I've never seen a painting that
text: captures the beauty of the ocean at
dialog: this moment.
dialog: (suddenly fatigued)
dialog: ...an old Russian proverb - "a
dialog: fisherman always sees another
dialog: fisherman from afar." I like you
dialog: sport, I ever tell you that...
dialog: Gordon, call me Gordon from now on.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (off)
dialog: ...Gordon.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Yeah, I'm gonna make you rich, Bud
dialog: Fox. I'm gonna make you rich enough
dialog: you can afford a girl like Darien.
dialog: Remember, power is the best
dialog: aphrodisiac. This is your wake-up
dialog: call. Go to work.
text: He lets the phone drop to his side, staring glazed-eyed at
dialog: the ocean.
scene_heading: INT. ROGER BARNES' OFFICE - EARLY EVENING
text: A SECRETARY leads Bud into the plush, private office of a
text: cocky young lawyer, ROGER BARNES, about tho same age as Bud,
text: his his feet up on the desk, sleepily waving to Buddy to
text: park his ass... The pictures an his walls and desk indicate
dialog: a rich family.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Fox, Bud D. is this deja vu or has
dialog: it really been a year. You're not
dialog: hitting me up for NYU are you?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well we're thinking of putting up a
dialog: statue of you in the subway. I hear
dialog: you're moving up in the world. An
dialog: associate already. Not bad. How's
dialog: Margie?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Can't complain. Got a house in
dialog: Oyster Bay. Market treating you
dialog: good? Still seeing that sexy French
dialog: gal?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Nah, she asked the wrong question.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: "What are you thinking?"...that was
dialog: it. The hours are hell, but the
dialog: money's starting to tumble in. I
dialog: know this guy who's got an iron-
dialog: clad way to make money, I can't
dialog: lose and I can't get hurt.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (interested)
dialog: So, does "this guy" have a tip for
dialog: an honest lawyer?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah, check out Teldar Paper, it's
text: still not over.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What about you, I hear you guys are
dialog: handling the Fairchild Foods merger
dialog: and it may not be going through.
dialog: Any surprises I haven't read about
dialog: in the Wall Street Journal?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Come on Buddy, you wouldn't want to
dialog: got me disbarred now would you?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (equally casual,
dialog: looks at the walls)
dialog: Who's listening? It's just one
text: college buddy talking to another.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Yeah, right...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Relax, Roger, everybody's doing it
dialog: but you don't know, you don't know.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ...and if I did, what's in it for moi?
text: He obviously has thought about it before. Bud smiles back,
text: nonchalant.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: More money than you ever dreamed,
dialog: Roger. And the thing is no one gets
dialog: hurt...how bout a beer?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (some doubt)
dialog: Too much to do...but I'll walk you
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE ROGER BARNES' OFFICE - EVENING
text: They walk out past the CLEANING CREWS coming in for the
text: evening, drones of the vacuum cleaners...
text: Bud looks - his POV... A CLEANING WOMAN as she pulls the
text: vacuum cleaner into one of the senior partners offices, the
text: desk crammed with proposals, Bud is lost in thought.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: ...Get inside my uncle's door
dialog: Buddy, all the secrets of the world
dialog: are yours... the life blood of
dialog: companies, but you gotta go to law
dialog: school first...
scene_heading: EXT. BARNES' OFFICE BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Bud comes out of the building and starts walking away. As he
text: passes the freight entrance, Bud abruptly notices a van
text: marked MARSALA MAINTENENCE COMPANY. He looks back, thinks
text: for a moment: a look in his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ISLAND CITY - LIGHT INDUSTRIAL PARK - DAY
text: Bud walks past a row of small warehouses and enters one.
scene_heading: INT. MARSALA MAINTENANCE OFFICE AND GARAGE SERVICE - DAY
text: He steps into a shabby reception area. A chain-smoking OLD
text: LADY looks up from the switch-board.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I need to speak to the owner about
dialog: some business.
scene_heading: INT. BACK OFFICE - DAY
text: The owner, a GREEK with bushy mustache and hardened face,
text: sits at his desk eating lunch, eyeing Bud suspiciously.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (handing him a card)
dialog: Mr. Panos, I've charted the growth
dialog: of new office space in the city,
dialog: and I think you're in the right
dialog: business at the right time.
speaker_heading: PANOS
dialog: Thank you for telling me what I
dialog: already know.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm impressed with your work and I
dialog: could use a tax break. This is a
dialog: growing business. Are you interested
dialog: in some working capital and a partner?
text: Panos puts down his sandwich, measuring Bud.
speaker_heading: PANOS
dialog: What makes you think I need a
dialog: partner?!
text: Bud smiles, ready with his spiel.
text: An elevator opens. A body steps out. A set of keys. Boom up
text: past a clipboard and pen to a shirt pocket with MARSALA
text: MAINTENANCE written on it, up to Bud dressed in janitorial
dialog: clothing.
text: We move with him to the CREW SUPERVISOR who introduces THREE
text: CLEANING WOMEN who nervously absorb Bud, worried for their
dialog: jobs.
text: Bud strolls from office to office, looking official,
text: overseeing his crew, making notations on a checklist.
text: Bud slips into the Senior Partners' office, thumbs through a
text: calendar on the desk. Sees the list of people, moves to the
text: computer, punches the client's name in. The code number
text: comes up.
text: Bud nods to a SECURITY GUARD down the hall and enters the
text: file room where he looks at the Cleaning Lady and points to
text: his watch. As she exits, he scrambles nervously through the
text: files -- finds the code number -- then anxiously flips the
dialog: pages to the critical tender offer document -- with the
scene_heading: target name -- INVESTMENT IN RORKER ELECTRONICS CORP. It's
text: stamped "DRAFT" across the page. His face lights up. The
text: secret to the kingdom. He puts it back, exits.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Gekko on the phone, smiling.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - DAY
text: Bud, obviously exhausted from his day and night roles, is
text: telling him something on the phone.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND LAW FIRM - NIGHT
text: Bud furtively xeroxes a document on a small hand-carried
text: copy machine in his pocket or photographs it if it is too
dialog: large.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Bud and Alex, Gekko's assistant, having lunch. Alex gives
text: him the briefcase he's carrying. Pan from Alex to Bud back
text: to discover Darien in the next scene.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Bud dines with Darien, small talk, intimate looks.
scene_heading: INT. THIRD LAW FIRM - NIGHT
text: Bud is in an office, eyes panning the shelves.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Can I help you?
text: Bud's head jerks around. A young female PARALEGAL is burning
text: the midnight oil. She looks at him from behind a stack of
dialog: briefs.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (backing off)
dialog: Uh. Wrong office. Sorry...
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGEHAMPTON BEACH - DAY
text: Gekko, Kate, Bud, Darien and A FIFTH PERSON roar over the
text: dunes, each in their own dune buggy, laughing and hollering
dialog: at one another...
text: Buddy driving right up precariously close on Darien, who
text: screams... Buddy flips over his vehicle... comes up
dialog: laughing... we sense he is getting wilder now...
scene_heading: EXT. HORSE FARM - BRIDGEHAMPTON - DAY
text: Darien rides expertly. A beautiful, immaculately-groomed
text: stallion is being shown to Gekko by the trainer.
text: Bud is sipping wine as he looks on with Kate.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Got him at an auction in Kentucky.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (fondling the head)
dialog: Close to two million.
dialog: (Bud whistles)
dialog: But this sucker can go all the way
dialog: to Devon and the nationals.
text: Darien rides in, smiling to Bud.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Devon? He looks like Seattle Slew.
dialog: What about the Triple Crown?
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: He's not a racehorse, Bud, he's a
dialog: jumper.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: How would I know? I once bet a
dialog: horse. He went out at ten to one
dialog: and came in at quarter to five.
text: He laughs, a little sloppy.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: Darien swims in the ocean, long looping athletic strokes.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL AND PATIO - GEKKO'S BRIDGEHAMPTON HOUSE - DAY
text: They're finishing lunch by the pool framed by a lush flower
text: garden where Kate and son Rudy play. HAROLD SALT, Gekko's
text: chief lawyer, thick glasses, smart eyes and bags of worry
dialog: that could only come from watching other people's money,
text: looks very city-like in his clothing, examining his
text: paperwork before passing it to Bud, who is the picture of
dialog: relaxation.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: ...You understand Mr. Gekko is
text: constantly barraged with nuisance
dialog: litigation and IRS audits.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: ...So it's in both our interests to
dialog: put a safe distance between you and
dialog: us...
dialog: (passing a document
dialog: with a 2nd pen)
dialog: ...this gives you limited power of
text: attorney for Mr. Gekko's account.
dialog: Every trade you make is at your
dialog: discretion. Every ticket you buy
dialog: must be marked "power of attorney."
dialog: That means you call the shots and
dialog: Mr. Gekko has no official knowledge
dialog: of what stocks you're buying. Sign
dialog: here and here...
text: Buddy looks, then up to Gekko, who smiles, casual.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: ...just the beginning, sport, just
dialog: the begining...
text: Bud smiles, signs.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: (a worrier)
dialog: ...you understand if any problems
dialog: arise, you're out there on your own.
dialog: The trail stops with you...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: All's fair in love and war.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: The art of which is deception.
dialog: Spread the buy orders through
dialog: different accounts and you won't
dialog: get burned...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I think I got some friends that
dialog: won't mind making some easy money...
text: As Kate drifts over with Rudy and the French au pair GIRL,
speaker_heading: NICOLE.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Rudy, viens ici, dit bonjour a
dialog: Monsieur Bud.
dialog: Rudy either says "No!" or "Bonjour Monsieur Bud!' depending
text: on the mood of the kid. Gordon sweeping him up and playing
text: with him. The kid squeals with glee.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Already speaks a little French, kid
dialog: got the highest score on his IQ test.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (to Darien)
dialog: ...it's so tough to get into a good
text: nursery school now. They even visit
dialog: your home to make sure your
text: paintings and furnishings are
dialog: acceptable.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What's it cost these days?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: $5,000 just for the tuition... plus
dialog: the books and supplies...
dialog: (with a look to Gordon)
dialog: ...some parents even have bodyguards.
dialog: It's not a bad idea...
dialog: (picking up Rudy)
dialog: ...now that's it for you with the
dialog: grown-ups young man.
text: As Rudy smashes the strawberries around his face and resists
text: going. "No! No!" Kate exasperated gives the child to Nicole.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Nicole, take him for a nap, please.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: He doesn't nap anymore, Madame.
dialog: It's been...
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (stung)
dialog: Then play with him till he gets
dialog: tired. We're going out tonight but
dialog: we like to see him at, let's see,
dialog: six; give him a bath and put that
text: cute little black suit on him...
dialog: (to Bud and Gordon)
dialog: Black clothes are the newest
dialog: things, so chic and milk stains,
dialog: carrot juice stains just don't show
dialog: up. Kids -- boy, can they take it
dialog: out of you!
text: Nicole's "Oui, Madame" is lost in the wrestling match she
text: goes through to drag him out screaming. Kate walking off.
text: Harold gives Buddy another piece of paper...
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: This is a contact at one of our
dialog: banks. On settlement day you'll
dialog: open an account there for Mr. Gekko
dialog: under the name of Geneva, Roth
dialog: Holding Corp. Then you'll wire
dialog: transfer the money to this account
dialog: in the Cayman Islands...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (rising, finished
dialog: with lunch)
dialog: Think about incorporating yourself
dialog: there, Bud, Harold will take care
dialog: of it for you.
dialog: (with a look to Harold)
dialog: ... at a reasonable fee. You're
dialog: gonna make a lot of money now Bud...
dialog: stakes are gonna go up, no mistakes...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...piece of cake, Gordon...
scene_heading: EXT. BEACHFRONT - DAY
text: The camera glides off some FISHERMEN hauling their catch off
text: their beached boat to Darien who comes tromping out of the
text: surf, water glistening off her lean athletic body. Bud
text: stands before her, cool seductive eyes, holding out a towel.
text: She steps up to him and smiles inscrutably. Takes the towel
text: from him, drying herself, instead.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: (gazing at the beach)
dialog: If I could have anything... this
dialog: would almost do.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah, almost...
text: Looks at her, stifles his thought.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: So, how did your conference go with
dialog: Gordon?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: The conference, oh yeah. Fine. We
dialog: reached an agreement and decided to
dialog: divide up the world between us.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You have modest wants. I like that
text: in a man.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: And what do you want?
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: ...a Turner, a perfect canary
dialog: diaiaond... a Lear jet... world
dialog: peace... the best of everything...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, why stop at that?
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: I don't.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (has to smile)
dialog: You're not trouble by any chance.
dialog: Are you?
text: She looks at him, tosses the towel over her shoulder and
text: starts back toward the house. Buddy watches her go.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BALLROOM - DAY
dialog: The annual Teldar Paper stockholders' meeting is in session:
text: 400 stockholders are there -- many middle aged and older,
text: one bag lady. Cromwell sits on an elevated platform at the
text: front of the room surrounded by an army of bulky EXECUTIVES,
text: none of them weighing less than 200 pounds, ACCOUNTANTS and
text: LAWYERS. Gekko in contrast seems like Robin Hood seated with
text: Alex, Harold, Bud and the other stockholders. Cromwell is
text: delivering his prepared attack on Gekko in a highly
text: sarcastic, gruff manner.
speaker_heading: CROMWELL
dialog: ...Your company, ladies and
dialog: gentlemen, is under siege from
dialog: Gordon Gekko.
dialog: Teldar Paper is now leveraged to
dialog: the hilt, like some piss poor South
dialog: American country...instead of using
dialog: our cash to build plants, build our
dialog: business, all this man really wants
dialog: is to get paid to withdraw his
dialog: tender offer and that will cost us
dialog: approximately another $200 million
dialog: in greenmail which will be passed
dialog: on to the consumer...
text: Gekko seething, jumps up.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Where do you get off speaking about
dialog: me like that, making remarks to the
dialog: press, I resent these remarks, I
dialog: demand the right to speak.
speaker_heading: CROMWELL
dialog: Sit down, sir, you're out of order,
dialog: haven't you done enough damage to
dialog: Teldar as it is?...have you no
dialog: sense of decency?
dialog: (to shareholders)
dialog: How can your management...
text: Gekko is urged to sit down by his people but we hear various
text: catcalls, "Let the man speak!" "Sit down, Gekko!"
speaker_heading: CROMWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: ...concentrate on long term growth
dialog: when we're busy fighting the get-
dialog: rich-quick, short term profit, slot
dialog: machine mentality of Wall Street
dialog: when we should be fighting Japan!
dialog: The original fundamental reason for
dialog: Wall Street was to capitalize
dialog: American business, underwrite new
dialog: business, build companies, build
dialog: America. The "deal" has now
dialog: succeeded goods and services as
dialog: America's gross national product
dialog: and in the process, we are
dialog: undermining our foundation. This
dialog: cancer is called "greed". Greed and
dialog: speculation have replaced long-term
dialog: investment. Corporations are being
text: taken apart like erector sets,
dialog: without any consideration of the
dialog: public good. I strongly recommend
dialog: you to see through Mr. Gekko's
dialog: shameless intention here to
dialog: strip this company and severely
dialog: penalize the stockholders. I
dialog: strongly recommend you to reject
dialog: his tender by voting for
dialog: management's restructuring of the
dialog: stock.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Gekko is now at floor level with a microphone. He's calmer,
text: makes his pitch to the stockholders, looking up at the
dialog: management.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: ...I appreciate the chance you're
dialog: giving me, Mr. Cromwell, as the
dialog: single largest stockholder in
dialog: Teldar, to speak.
dialog: (gets some laughter
dialog: and applause, loosens)
dialog: On the way here today I saw a
dialog: bumper sticker. It said, "Life is a
dialog: bitch... then you die".
dialog: (gets another laugh)
dialog: ...well ladies and gentlemen, we're
dialog: not here to indulge in fantasies,
dialog: but in political and economic
dialog: reality. America has become a
dialog: second rate power. Our trade
dialog: deficit and fiscal deficit are at
dialog: nightmare proportions. In the days
dialog: of the 'free market' when our
dialog: country was a top industrial power,
dialog: there was accountability to the
dialog: shareholders. The Carnegies, the
dialog: Mellons, the man who built this
dialog: industrial empire, made sure of it
dialog: because it was their money at stake.
dialog: Today management has no stake in
dialog: the company. Altogether these guys
dialog: sitting up there own a total of
dialog: less than 3% and where does Mr.
dialog: Cromwell put his million dollar
dialog: salary? Certainly not in Teldar
dialog: stock, he owns less than 1%.
dialog: You own Teldar Paper, the
dialog: stockholders, and you are being
dialog: royally screwed over by these
dialog: bureaucrats with their steak
dialog: lunches, golf and hunting trips,
dialog: corporate jets, and golden
dialog: parachutes! Teldar Paper has 33
dialog: different vice presidents each
dialog: earning over $200,000 a year. I
dialog: spent two months analyzing what
dialog: these guys did and I still can't
dialog: figure it out.
dialog: (a big laugh)
text: Cromwell is pissed.
speaker_heading: CROMWELL
dialog: This is an outrage Gekko! You're
dialog: full of shit!
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: One thing I do know is this paper
dialog: company lost $110 million last
dialog: year, and I'd bet half of that is
dialog: in the paperwork going back and
dialog: forth between all the vice
dialog: presidents...
dialog: (increased laughter,
dialog: he's getting them)
dialog: The new law of evolution in
dialog: corporate America seems to be
dialog: 'survival of the unfittest'. Well
dialog: in my book, you either do it right
dialog: or you get eliminated. Teldar Paper
dialog: is doomed to fail. Its
dialog: diversification into casualty
dialog: insurance has not worked. Its crown
dialog: jewels are its trees, the rest is
dialog: dross. Through wars, depressions,
dialog: inflations and deterioration of
dialog: paper money, trees have always kept
text: their value, but Teldar is chopping
text: them all down. Forests are
dialog: perishable, forest rights are as
dialog: important as human rights to this
dialog: planet, and all the illusory
text: Maginot lines, scorched earth
dialog: tactics, proxy fights, poison
dialog: pills, etc. that Mr.
dialog: Cromwell is going to come up with
dialog: to prevent people like me from
dialog: buying Teldar Paper are doomed to
dialog: fail because the bottom line,
dialog: ladies and gentlemen, as you very
dialog: well know, is the only way to stay
dialog: strong is to create value, that's
dialog: why you buy stock, to have it go up.
dialog: If there's any other reason, I've
dialog: never hear it.
dialog: (laughter)
dialog: That's all I'm saying...it's you
dialog: people who own this company, not
dialog: them, they work for you and they've
dialog: done a lousy job of it. Get rid of
dialog: them fast, before you all get sick
dialog: and die. I may be an opportunist,
dialog: but if these clowns did a better
dialog: job, I'd be out of work. In the
dialog: last seven deals I've been in,
dialog: there were 2.3 million stockholders
dialog: that actually made a pretax profit
dialog: of $12 billion. When I bought the
dialog: Ixtlan Corporation it was in the
dialog: exact same position Teldar is
dialog: today -- I turned three of its
dialog: companies private and I sold four
dialog: others -- and each of these
dialog: companies, liberated from the
dialog: suffering conglomerate has
dialog: prospered. I am not a destroyer of
dialog: companies, I am a liberator of them.
dialog: The point is, ladies and gentlemen,
dialog: greed is good. Greed works, greed
dialog: is right. Greed clarifies, cuts
dialog: through, and captures the essence
dialog: of the evolutionary spirit. Greed
dialog: in all its forms, greed for life,
dialog: money, love, knowledge, has marked
dialog: the upward surge of mankind -- and
dialog: greed, mark my words -- will save
dialog: not only Teldar Paper but that
dialog: other malfunctioning corporation
dialog: called the USA...Thank you.
text: Much applause as he sits. Now a standing ovation; shouts of
text: approval. Cromwell knows he has lost the day, tries to
dialog: continue the meeting by calling for "order".
text: Bud watches, impressed.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: BROKERS mill at their desks quietly. Bud enters, notices
text: immediately the uneasy silence. His eyes go to Lynch's
text: office... across the windows, he's talking to a very somber
dialog: Dan Steeples.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: (looking in the same direction)
text: Lynch is giving him the boot...
text: He's not pulling his quota.
text: Bud's soft "no" matched by that second, tighter look. His
text: POV -- closer on the glass... Dan Steeples pleading for his
dialog: job... we know the things he's saying, we've heard them
dialog: before... just one more chance, Mr. Lynch... Lynch shaking
dialog: his head...
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: (reminding him)
dialog: ...we're all just one trade away
dialog: from humility, Buddy...
text: Dan Steeples steps out of the office, obviously close to
text: tears but trying to maintain face... Buddy's eyes dart away,
text: not wanting to deal with it. Dan Steeples walks by his as
text: Lynch, on the loudspeaker, starts his morning announcements.
speaker_heading: LYNCH
dialog: New research report on GM and a
dialog: conference call on defense stocks
dialog: at my office at 11. No RSVP
dialog: required, just be there. And on an
dialog: inspiring note I'm pleased to
dialog: announce the new office record for
dialog: a single month's gross commission
dialog: goes to Bud Fox. Who more than
dialog: doubled the old mark. Way to go Bud.
dialog: Super job! Come on up here.
text: As Dan Rickey passes him during this, Bud catches a glimpse
text: of the older man's eyes. Dan tries to look brave. Heads
text: turning to Bud with awe and envy...
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Congrats buddy buddy, you just made
dialog: my life twice as hard around here...
text: Bud moving toward Lynch, past Lou Mannheim.
speaker_heading: MANNHEIM
dialog: You're on a roll kiddo. Enjoy it
dialog: while it lasts -- 'cause it never
dialog: does.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (cocky)
dialog: ...just kickin' ass and taking
dialog: names, Mr. Mannheim.
text: Bud passes Charlie Cushing, yawning on the phone as usual.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So whaddaya say pal, wanna play
dialog: some doubles at Piping? Meet the
dialog: membership? I got a little blonde
dialog: named Mandy, about nineteen, avec
dialog: cafe au lait boobs... she's mine
dialog: but she's got a cousin who has
dialog: great muffins.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...sounds dubious Chuck, but Piping
dialog: Rock any day.
text: Chuck laughs, Bud's "in" now. Lynch indicates for Bud to
text: follow him into an outer glass-enclosed office.
speaker_heading: LYNCH
dialog: Come in, Bud...
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S NEW OFFICE - DAY
text: Neatly furnished, with a window overlooking Wall Street, and
text: attractive CHINESE SECRETARY filing papers into a cabinet.
speaker_heading: LYNCH
dialog: (points)
dialog: Congratulations. This is yours
dialog: now... your own file cabinets... a
dialog: window ... your private secretary,
dialog: Janet,
dialog: (under his breath)
text: significantly more attractive.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Nice to meet you, Mr. Fox.
text: She smiles at Bud, who heaves a sigh of relief, noticing his
text: name plate on the desk.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (thrilled)
dialog: Thank you, Janet...thank you, Mr.
dialog: Lynch.
speaker_heading: LYNCH
dialog: No, thank you. I knew the minute I
dialog: laid eyes on you, you had what it
dialog: takes Bud. Just keep it going.
text: He winks and leaves. Charlie Cushing comes in, Marv sticks
text: his head in the doorway, a grudging smile.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: So, its Mister Fox now.
scene_heading: INT. CONDOMINIUM APARTMENT - UPPER EAST SIDE - DAY
text: A splendid four-room thirtieth floor aerie overlooking
text: Central Park. SYLVIE DRIMMER, anchored down with jewelry and
text: a large fur purse, shows Bud around.
speaker_heading: SYLVIE
dialog: ...everybody tells ya they hate the
dialog: Upper East Side and they wanna live
dialog: on the West Side but honey when it
dialog: comes to resale time, believe me
dialog: the East Side's the one that always
dialog: moves. What do you get on the West
dialog: Side?
dialog: (contemptuously)
dialog: Madonna and Sean?... between Sly
dialog: and Billy and Christie, I've shown
dialog: every apartment on the Upper East
dialog: Side. Everybody lives here... Mick,
dialog: Gloria and Barbara Wa-Wa. Even
dialog: Klaus von Bulow buys his fresh
text: fruit from the Korean on Madison.
dialog: It's so expensive and it's just
dialog: like the ones on Eighth Avenue but
dialog: it's an attitude is all, you pay
dialog: for attitude
dialog: (pointing to a walk-
dialog: in closet)
text: ...two walk-in closets...upstairs
dialog: on the roof you lot a health
dialog: club...massage, sauna, jacuzzi,
dialog: sunlights, best schools in the
dialog: city, cute boy like you gotta think
dialog: of a ladyfriend when you're
dialog: finished wolfing around --
dialog: ('course I'm taken)
dialog: ...oak strip floor...my husband can
dialog: get you a 10% mortgage...I'd do it
dialog: myself if we weren't into four
dialog: other deals already...so?...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I got a four o'clock and a
dialog: five...one of them's an all-cash
dialog: type, Monique something or
dialog: other...I guarantee you this place
dialog: is history tomorrow...
text: Bud looks around. The city at his feet. Lost in thought.
text: Sylvie has to call him out of it: "honey? -- The meter's
dialog: running. Anybody home?"
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: All right. Offer 950...
text: Sylvie tries to play it cool, her expression conveying a
text: somewhat stunned look at the speed and certainty of the
dialog: response.
speaker_heading: SYLVIE
dialog: ...I think you gotta deal, honey...
dialog: you sure you don't wanna see
dialog: somethin' I got on Sutton Place.
dialog: It's a million and a half but...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Nah...this is it..home...
text: Looking it over, proud.
scene_heading: INTERIOR DECORATING MONTAGE
text: The music is geared to speed, money, triumph and just plain
dialog: material fun.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S CONDO - DAY/NIGHT
text: In its first stage, Darien supervising. It's expanse of
text: white walls devoid of mouldings, a blank plaster canvas. The
text: city views are great, the apartment identical to hundreds of
text: other cookie cutter condos. Several young artists are
text: working on a neo-classical mural on the long side of the
text: living room. They are colorfully dressed, listening to a
text: TALKING HEADS tape while they work. A carpenter who looks
text: like a member of Duran Duran is installing a pair of old
text: columns from Urban Archaeology on either side of the
text: entrance to the living room while another fits a brass sink
text: into an antique sideboard which has been turned into a bar.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S CONDO - DAY/NIGHT
scene_heading: INTERIOR DECORATING MONTAGE - SECOND STAGE
text: Living room furniture arrives. A fantail shrimp chaise from
text: Art Furniture's "Sushi Collection" arrives, along with an
text: enormous sofa encased in an ecru linen slipcover made
text: deliberately baggy and tied on with rows of self bows on
text: each end, several faux Etruscan pots wired up as lamps, a
text: poured concrete coffee table that looks like it came from
text: Pompeii, and a hand-painted floor cloth instead of a rug for
text: the bleached floor with the stencilled border... Darien
text: sitting in a fantastical adirondack chair made from gnarled
text: branches, amused by Bud's reactions to the furniture.
text: THIRD STAGE. The kitchen has the latest compact computer
text: dishwasher and compact microwave, garbage compactor, and
text: sinks with infrared controls... A brief food montage gives
dialog: us a sense of the modernist approach to food and its
dialog: preparation:
text: 1) Darien hones the knives on the electric knife sharpener as
text: 2) Bud uses a stainless steel Cape Cod oyster opener to work
dialog: on two dozen oysters...
text: 3) at the same time working on the automatic vinaigrette
text: mixer, the phone ringing to the tune of Mozart's "Jupiter"...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (picking it up)
dialog: Yes...no...at 37 1/2. Convert the
dialog: bonds right...and check the price
dialog: in Tokyo at 8:00 LA time. Thanks...
text: 4) As he starts his pasta sauce flame an his O'Reilly fat-
text: free grill with a flexible neck fire starter...
text: 5) A freshly heated roll pops out of a hanging space-saving
text: toaster, as Darien works the electric pasta maker while
text: melting the frozen ice cream cartons in the microwave.
text: 6) Bud manages to sneak a kiss an her lips humming the bars
text: from Verdi's "Rigoletto" as he works the piece de la
dialog: resistance--the automatic sushi maker...
text: 7) Dinner is finally served on a demolished dinner table.
text: Red wine, pasta, sushi...it looks perfect, lit by
text: candlelight, the view of the city below.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: ...isn't it perfect!
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...too perfect...let's not even eat.
dialog: Let's just watch it and think about
dialog: it.
dialog: (pause)
scene_heading: FOURTH STAGE - INT. BUD'S CONDO - DAY
text: Bud goes over a stack of bills with something approaching
text: concern as the gothic oak refectory table which seats 20 is
text: carried in, followed by a Jean Michel Basquiat featuring a
text: skull on a rough board. Darien instructs the movers to place
text: an important pair of satinwood Art Deco armchairs upholstered
dialog: in buttery suede (last Saturday's auction purchase for
text: $20,000) at either end of the titanic sofa. No vestige is
text: left of the cookie cutter space we first saw. Walls have
text: been removed, mouldings and architectural found objects
text: added, imitation rare woods, marbles and frescos have been
text: created from nothing by the magic hands of the tromp l'oeil
dialog: crew. The point is, decorating can transform.
scene_heading: INT. CONDO - NIGHT
text: The look of the place is evocative of ancient times, yet
text: sumptuous. Darien and Bud sink into the bales of down in the
text: sofa and are dwarfed. She rests her head on a hand stencilled
text: velvet Venetian throw pillow, looking like a Pre-Raphaelite
text: madonna. A terracotta pot with a spray of white phaleonopsis
text: graces the coffee table. As the sun sets over the canyons of
text: highrises, Bud walks around his new home totally in awe.
dialog: This apartment, perfect in its restrained taste with all the
text: "correct" flowers and objects, has nothing to do with him.
text: Perhaps he can understand the state-of-the-art kitchen, the
text: computerized telephone, stereo and light system, but he
dialog: needs a set of instructions just to be able to switch on
dialog: David Letterman.
text: This apartment is Darien's fantasy, and Bud is merely the
dialog: incidental client who paid for it. Most importantly to her,
text: it is ready to be photographed by House and Garden.
speaker_heading: BUD
text: (dubiously looking at
text: a rough plaster wall
dialog: of fading fresco)
dialog: You know, the elevator man couldn't
dialog: believe I paid $300,000 to have my
dialog: walls looking like this, he's got
dialog: them for free in Brooklyn.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: I'll bet he's got an opinion on the
dialog: stock market too. This apartment is
dialog: already ahead of its time. I call
dialog: it the "demolished" look. They've
dialog: already heard about it at House and
dialog: Garden and they're coming next week
dialog: to photograph it before it gets...
dialog: lived in. Is that alright? I'd love
dialog: to have it in my portfolio.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sure... But your fee... considering
dialog: you're way over budget, should be
dialog: negotiable.
text: As he nuzzles her neck, she feels threatened, stops.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Let's get things straight, Bud. I'm
dialog: not going to take a cut. I worked
dialog: hard and you can't decorate a room
dialog: in New York for less than $100,000.
dialog: Curtains alone...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm kidding, I'm kidding, we're
dialog: still young, Darien. So what's
dialog: money anyway when everybody's
dialog: making it, it's all relative. After
dialog: all, this is not the house in
dialog: Connecticut, this is just a crash
dialog: pad good for a couple of
dialog: years...before we slip our two
dialog: lovely kids, Yuppie and Fruppie
dialog: into the Lycee Francaise.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: You got it all charted out don't
dialog: you, like a stock projection.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That's right -- one with high
dialog: yield, rich assets and no downside...
text: As the kiss grows, his hands move into her nether regions.
text: She looks at him, sober.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Do you think you're ready?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's not me I'm worried about...You
dialog: know Darien, the only reason we
dialog: haven't slept together is because
dialog: we both know we will -- and not
dialog: knowing when was the only surprise
dialog: left. You owe me, I want you, what
dialog: else is there...but you, me, the
dialog: world.
text: (he folds back her
dialog: palms in his)
dialog: ...right here...make love to
dialog: me...now...
dialog: (more kissing)
dialog: Stop me if I'm going too far.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: I'll let you know.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S CONDO - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Bud making love to Darien. Camara closing on them.
text: Her face -- from his point of view. Her smile.
text: His face -- looking down. Covered with sweat and passion.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Is this real? Is this really real?
scene_heading: EXT. BUD'S CONDO - TERRACE - NIGHT
text: Bud walks out alone in his blue bathrobe on his parapet
text: overlooking Central Park. The wind stirs his hair. The East
text: and West sides of the park wrap the city in a diamond
text: necklace of brilliant light.
text: Bud stares down at the world. He has it all now. The money.
dialog: The girl. The magic palace apartment. What more is there?
text: Something...because Bud suddenly throws a wrenching
text: dislocated look into himself that makes us wonder as he
text: brushes his hand across his face and mutters to himself.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Who am I?
text: There is no ready answer. As he finally turns and goes back
text: inside and closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Darien lies curled in the bed, eyes open, looking at him.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Come to bed, Bud...
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH - SOUTH STREET SEAPORT - TWILIGHT
text: Cocktail hour in the background, yuppies trying to score for
text: the weekend. Bud on the phone, strained look transforming to
text: a bright, upbeat personality as the phone is answered.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Dixon! It's your lucky day! That's
dialog: right. I want to give you some
dialog: stock and you don't have to put up
dialog: a penny...
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: EXT. CABIN - ASPEN COLORADO - DAY
text: A small cabin in the mountains.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - ASPEN COLORADO - DAY
text: Whole earth furnishings. DIXON, a long-haired ski bum
text: dropout listens skeptically.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: Sure, and I'm never gonna die
dialog: either, is this one of your chain
dialog: letter schemes or do I gotta buy a
dialog: door to door cosmetic franchise in
dialog: Northern Arkansas?
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH - SOUTH STREET SEAPORT - TWILIGHT
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No, no Dixon, my client wants to
text: buy a large, large block of stock
dialog: and needs to spread it around. I'll
dialog: park some money in your account and
dialog: if it hits, you get a big cut. I'm
dialog: telling you, this is the easiest
dialog: money you ever made...
scene_heading: INT. ROGER BARNES' OFFICE - DAY
text: Roger listens on the phone.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (off)
dialog: ...and you don't have to put up a
dialog: dime, Roger.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: All right, Bud... let's do it.
text: A look on his face. As if he knows he's making a fatal mistake.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: ...it's easy Jack! On settlement
dialog: day, you endorse a check to Blue
dialog: Horseshoe Trading Company. Then I
dialog: send you your cut.
text: Marv waves across the glass partition and knocks. But Bud
text: waves him off, closing the blinds.
speaker_heading: BUD (CONT'D)
dialog: ...that's the bottom line. And
dialog: nobody gets hurt.
text: Marv now walks it, exasperated.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: ...things are so bad, even the
dialog: liars are complaining. And you're
dialog: making money. So what gives? What's
dialog: the bottom line?
text: As he tries to peak at Bud's quotron screen, but Bud flicks
text: it off, pissed.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hey, I'm tired of playing nurse to
dialog: you all the time, alright. Do your
dialog: own home work!
text: Marvin abruptly walks out, "asshole!". Bud books the order
dialog: for Morning Star Corp -- MSC -- 50,000 June options.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN STOCK EXCHANGE - LATER THAT DAY
text: The COMPANY FLOOR MANAGER gets Bud's order, hands a ticket
text: to a RUNNER who dashes off across the exchange floor, and
text: over to a TRADER who starts to execute the order.
text: CLOSE on the broad tape. As Bud's large buy order flickers
dialog: across it -- MSC -- 50,000 June options.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN STOCK EXCHANGE - S.E.C. OPTIONS WATCH OFFICE -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: A CLERK sits before a computer routinely tracking all of the
text: exchange floor trading. He runs a check on a transaction.
text: Computer Screen -- The same numbers and letters are seen
text: that just flickered across the broad tape... Bud's buy.
text: The clerk swivels his chair to a second computer and punches
text: up data. A MAN appears behind him, leaning over his
text: shoulder, and wears an ID BADGE. The clerk vacates his seat
text: to the man with the badge, who now takes over.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S CONDO - NIGHT
text: Bud is in silk boxers on the phone, number crunching on the
text: computer, foot pounding to a music beat on the stereo, while
text: his telex spews out overnight currency data.
text: Darien in the background lies in bed in panties reading Vogue.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Buy me 20 June Euro Dollar CDs.
dialog: Twenty March gold and sell 10
dialog: September Deutsch marks. That's
dialog: right...
text: He hangs up, back to the computer a growing look of
text: excitement and revelation in his eyes.
text: On the computer screen we see a break up Of Bluestar
dialog: Airlines -- its assets and liabilities.
text: Bud hits the command key, printing it out. He's exuberant.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Bud, I hate to tell you this but
dialog: you're a genius!
dialog: (to Darien)
dialog: Darien...lightning has struck! The
dialog: lightbulb has been invented.
dialog: Edison, Da Vinci, Einstein are
dialog: watching...
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: (grumpy)
dialog: ...are you going to trade all night
dialog: again? You got to go to work in a
dialog: couple of hours.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You think I'm gonna broker the rest
dialog: of my life... I'm going to be a
dialog: giant, Darien, an entrepreneur in
dialog: the Italian 15th century sense of
dialog: the word -- a mover, shaker.
text: Bud dances over to the bed turning the stereo down on his way.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I love you, baby. Did I tell you
dialog: that sometime in the last 24 hours?
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Get in bed. Y'ever hear of the
dialog: sixty hour work week? You're
text: turning into a yuppie Frankenstein,
dialog: you love money so much.
text: Bud grabs a bottle of Ferrier off the night table and drinks.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sure, why not, money's the sex of
dialog: the 80's. I never had it like you
dialog: when I was growing up, baby, it
dialog: wasn't the upper east side.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: You're so naive Bud, you don't even
dialog: know. Your dad took care of you. I
dialog: might've been rich when I was a
dialog: kid...but my father lost all his
dialog: money...in the seventies, in the
dialog: stock market, at the track. He was
dialog: a lousy gambler...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: ...that changes all my plans, I
dialog: thought you were loaded...
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: (laughs woefully)
dialog: So did I, till I hit 19 and found I
dialog: had all the royal habits and no
dialog: throne. Mom got by but I had to go
dialog: to work just like you.
dialog: Only the skills I had were shopping
dialog: and making friends. So...that's why
dialog: I do what I do, what makes you
dialog: tick, Buddy?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Fear. The fear of being poor I
dialog: guess, just like you, Darien... But
dialog: that's all gonna change sweetheart.
dialog: I'm catching the express...
dialog: (making love to her)
dialog: ... and you're going along for the
dialog: ride.
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO'S PRIVATE PLANE (GULFSTREAM - 4) - DAY
text: A salon interior. Gekko on a couch reading, with eyeglasses,
text: a stack of financial reports. Alex is on the phone, Susan,
text: and others accompanying the caravan on a business trip. Bud
text: is excited.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...Bluestar's an unpolished gem,
text: Gordon, right out of the garbage. A
dialog: half assed management being
dialog: decimated by a price war they can't
text: win. But the gates at LaGuardia
dialog: alone can bail us out, it's worth
dialog: 25 bucks a share if it's worth a
dialog: dime! They're ripe to fall.
text: Gekko, the poker player, hasn't seen enough cards.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Mixed emotions, Buddy: like Larry
dialog: Wildman going off a cliff in my new
dialog: Maserati. Men as smart as myself
dialog: have got their asses handed to them
text: on a sling with the airlines, fuel
dialog: could go up, unions are killers...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah aren't you forgetting
dialog: something Gordon: rule one, capital
dialog: reserves. This company has $75
dialog: million cash in an overfunded
dialog: pension. That buys us a lot of
dialog: credibility...
text: (Gordon looks up, interested)
dialog: ...and the beauty is you already
dialog: own close to two percent of this
dialog: sucker...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (interrupting, on the phone)
dialog: Gordon, the insurance people are
text: balking on the logging trucks...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Tell those spineless toads we'll
dialog: self-insure if they don't write
dialog: it... You fire 33 vice presidents
dialog: and nothing changes...
dialog: (back to Bud)
dialog: You eating twinkies today, Bud, or
dialog: are you schtupping some stewardess...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (deadly serious)
dialog: Gordon what I want--and I never
dialog: asked you for anything--is to be
dialog: your co-pilot on this. I want to
dialog: take this airline, turn it around,
dialog: and make it work. It's gonna make
dialog: us a fortune!
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (to Susan)
dialog: I'm talking to a stockbroker who
dialog: wants to run an airline. It's gonna
dialog: take me two years and 2000
dialog: headaches to turn Teldar Paper
dialog: around, what do I need this dink
dialog: airline for? I'm up to my ass in
text: more nuts than a fruitcake.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Gordon, I worked at Bluestar, I
dialog: know my way around, I have friends
dialog: there...inside.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (getting the drift)
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (playing out his ace)
dialog: The three unions. It's 43% of
dialog: Bluestar's operating budget, the
dialog: hourly cost of a flight crew is
dialog: $850 an hour, that's the real
dialog: hidden value G.G., if you can
dialog: negotiate that out, get a crew down
dialog: to $350-400 an hour a run, this
dialog: airline is gonna be the hottest
dialog: thing since Texas Air...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: What makes you think you can?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I can talk to these people Gordon,
dialog: they trust me...and my father can
dialog: be a big help in getting cuts.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Alright... Susan, get Buckingham on
dialog: the box. I want him to look at it.
dialog: And tell Jock Taylor at Thwick,
dialog: Jensen...
dialog: (smiles wickedly,
dialog: back to Bud)
dialog: So sport, the falcon has heard the
dialog: falconer...tell me more...
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Bud, in high gear, all smiles, expensive Armani suit, opens
text: the door. His father stands before him, looking like a man
text: on his way to the dentist.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Dad, well come on in. Everybody's
dialog: here. We couldn't start the show
dialog: without you.
text: Wide-eyed, Carl follows Bud through the foyer, taking in the
text: furnishings, paintings, antiques.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Well I'll be a lousy Republican.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: (overhears him)
dialog: I decorate for Democrats too, lots
dialog: of them.
text: (she extends her hand
text: and gives him a warm smile)
dialog: I'm Darien Taylor.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: I know. You're one of the art works
dialog: that go with the apartment.
dialog: (softens a little)
dialog: Pretty creative. Doesn't look
dialog: anything like the place my son
dialog: bought a few months age.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Listen, I hope you'll come here
dialog: often, and under less formal
dialog: circumstances.
text: Halfway won over Carl enters the living room where Darien
text: has set up a table with miniature gourmet pizza, etc. The
text: atmosphere is strained, the camps separated. Gekko stands by
text: the bar, conferring with his lawyer, Harold Salt. Darien
text: walks over to the couch with drinks for the Ixtax Union
text: Reps: DUNCAN WILMORE, ALPA Leader, a rugged silver-haired
text: uniformed pilot; TONI CARPENTER, AFA Rep, hard looking,
text: 40ish flight attendant.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Dad, you know Duncan Wilmore,
dialog: pilot's union, and Toni Carpenter,
dialog: flight attendants...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I met them before you were born.
text: They exchange nods.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: And I'd like to introduce you to Mr.
text: Gekko, and his lawyer, Mr. Salt.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Fox.
text: Carl stares at Gekko, sizing him up.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: I'd be proud to have a son like Bud.
dialog: He's got a great future ahead of him.
text: Carl looks to his fellow union representatives, then to Gekko.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (gesturing at Salt)
dialog: I thought this was an informal
dialog: meeting. What's he doing here?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (dismissing him)
dialog: Harold, you don't mind strolling
text: around the block a couple hundred
dialog: times, do you?
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: (looks at his watch)
dialog: Of course...
text: Salt gathers his jacket to leave, as Gekko and Carl eye one
text: another, tentatively.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: ...please help yourselves to some
dialog: food...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The food is half consumed. Gekko addresses the union leaders.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Look, I have no illusions about
text: winning a popularity contest with
dialog: any of you. I was roasted the other
dialog: night, and a friend of mine asked--
dialog: why are we honoring this man--have
dialog: we run out of human beings?
text: His joke breaks the ice; they laugh, except for Carl.
speaker_heading: GEKKO (CONT'D)
dialog: It's not always the most popular
dialog: guy who gets the job done. You got
dialog: losses of 20 to 30 million dollars,
dialog: dividends cut to zero, you're
dialog: getting squeezed to death by the
dialog: majors. Present management may not
dialog: be the worst scum of the earth, but
dialog: they're the ones who've put you on
text: a kamikaze course, and pretty soon
dialog: everybody's going to be scrambling
dialog: for the parachutes. Only there
dialog: aren't enough to go around.
dialog: Management has them. You don't. If
dialog: they throw Bluestar into Chapter
dialog: 11--which I think they will--then
dialog: they can use bankruptcy laws to
dialog: break your unions and your
dialog: contracts and throw you guys off
dialog: the property.
text: We hear a loud crunching sound as Bud's father bites into a
text: roll, glaring at Gekko.
speaker_heading: WILMORE
dialog: (pilot)
dialog: With all due respect, Mr. Gekko,
dialog: what's to prevent you from doing
dialog: the same thing?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Cause I have a way around all this,
dialog: a way we can all make money and
dialog: make this airline profitable again.
dialog: What do you say we cut to the chase.
dialog: I'm asking for a modest twenty
dialog: percent across-the-board wage cut.
text: Carl drops his fork on the plate. Gekko goes on.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: And seven more hours a month.
text: Toni Carpenter and Duncan Wilmore exchange questionable looks.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: What kind of time frame are we
dialog: talking about here?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Give me a year. If we're still
text: losing money, the reductions stand.
dialog: If however, we move into the black,
dialog: I return part of the givebacks,
dialog: salaries go back to present levels,
dialog: and...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: we institute an employee profit
dialog: sharing program with stock. You'll
dialog: own part of the airline.
text: Carpenter and Wilmore react with surprise, it's obvious they
text: weren't expecting the profit sharing part. Bud smiles at
text: Darien and looks to his father, who examines a sushi roll
text: before putting it back.
speaker_heading: WILMORE
dialog: Are you prepared to put that in
dialog: writing?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: I'll have a letter of agreement
text: drawn up within two days.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: What's your marketing strategy? How
dialog: do you plan to return us to
dialog: profitability?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Why don't I give Bud an opportunity
dialog: to answer that.
text: Darien and Carl turn to Bud, who puts down his wine glass.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Thank you Mr. Gekko. First of all I
dialog: want you to know my door will
dialog: always be open to you cause I know
dialog: from my Dad it's you guys that keep
dialog: Bluestar flying. One -- Modernize.
dialog: Our computer software is weak, we
dialog: update it, we squeeze every dollar
text: out of each seat and mile flown.
dialog: You don't sell a seat to a guy for
dialog: $89 when he's willing to pay $389.
dialog: Effective inventory management
dialog: through computerization will
dialog: increase our load factor by 5 to
dialog: 20%, that translates to
dialog: approximately 50 to 200 million
dialog: dollars in revenues; the point is,
dialog: we can beat the majors at a price
dialog: war. Two -- Advertising -- more,
dialog: more, and aggressive, attack the
dialog: majors. Three -- expand our hubs to
dialog: Atlanta, North Carolina and Dallas,
dialog: reorganize all our feeder schedules,
dialog: think Big -- guys, we're going
dialog: after the majors!
text: The men are visibly shaken by Bud's determination.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (looking for reactions)
dialog: Cards are on the table. What do you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: WILMORE
dialog: (restrained, hopeful)
dialog: If you mean what you say, I think
dialog: we're in the ball park. I'll take
dialog: it to my people.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: (approvingly)
dialog: You've sketched some broad strokes.
dialog: I'd like to see the fine print. But
dialog: so far so good.
text: Gekko looks to Carl Fox who, putting down knife and fork,
text: breaks his silence.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I guess if a man lives long enough,
dialog: he gets to see everything. And I
dialog: mean everything. What else do you
dialog: have in your bag of tricks, Mr. Gekko?
text: Bud tenses, looking at his father. Gekko ignores the
text: innuendo and replies softly.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Frankly, Carl, I can't see giving
dialog: much more. If you have any
dialog: suggestions I'll be glad to listen.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: There came into Egypt a Pharoah who
dialog: did not know.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I beg your pardon. Is that a proverb?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: No, it's a prophecy. The rich have
dialog: been doing it to the poor since the
text: beginning of time. The only
dialog: difference between the Pyramids and
dialog: the Empire State Building is that
dialog: the Egyptians didn't have unions.
dialog: (looking at Wilmore
dialog: and Carpenter)
dialog: I know what this guy is about--
text: greed--he's in and out for the buck
dialog: and he don't take prisoners. He
dialog: don't give a damn about Northstar
dialog: or us ...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Now, wait a minute, Dad...
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (shrugs, keeping his composure)
dialog: Sure. What's worth doing is worth
dialog: doing for money. It's a bad bargain
dialog: where nobody gains. And if this
dialog: deal goes through, we all gain.
text: Carl throws down his napkin, rises from the chair, looks at
dialog: the others.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (looks at Bud)
dialog: 'Course my son did work three
dialog: summers as a baggage handler and
dialog: freight loader. With those
dialog: qualifications, why should I doubt
dialog: his ability to run an airline?
text: There is frozen silence at the table.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Fine, if you don't want us, stay
dialog: with the scum in present
dialog: management--dedicated to running
dialog: you and Bluestar into the ground.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: ...that "scum" built this company
dialog: up from one plane in thirty years,
dialog: they made something out of nothing,
dialog: and if that's a scum I'll take one
dialog: over a rat any day...
text: Carl turns and leaves. Bud glances at Gekko, reading his
text: piercing look. He hurries after his father.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Bud catches up to Carl, waiting for the elevator, hammering
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (seething)
dialog: Congratulations. You did a great
dialog: job of embarrassing me in there--
dialog: not to mention yourself! Save the
dialog: "workers of the world unite" speech
dialog: for next time Dad, I heard it too
dialog: much growing up. You're gonna get
dialog: axed Dad, no two ways about it, you
dialog: and the whole airline are going
dialog: down the tubes, you hear me, just
dialog: like Braniff, you don't have a
dialog: chance in hell, and if it isn't
dialog: Gekko it's gonna be some other killer.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: Carl steps into the elevator, Bud follows.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: He's got your prick in his back
dialog: pocket, son, and you're standing
text: naked in the display window of
dialog: Macy's. He's using you. Only you're
text: too blind to see it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No, what I see is a jealous old
dialog: machinist who can't stand that his
dialog: son's become more successful than
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: What you see, son, is a man who
dialog: never measured success by the size
text: of a man's wallet.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That's because you never had the
dialog: guts to go out into the world and
dialog: stake your claim.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (lamentably)
dialog: Boy, if that's what you think, I
dialog: must've really screwed up my job as
dialog: a father.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Bud and Carl exit the elevator and head across the luxury
dialog: lobby.
speaker_heading: CARL (CONT'D)
dialog: ...as far as being axed, I'm still
dialog: here and as long as I am, I have a
dialog: responsibility not just to me but
dialog: to the union members I represent...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (pleading now)
dialog: Your responsibility, Dad, is to
dialog: present the facts, not your
dialog: opinions, to the men... you're
dialog: gonna destroy their lives, Dad!
dialog: Don't do it to 'em. Give it a
dialog: chance. Let the membership decide
dialog: for themselves, Dad. Please.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I'll be damned that when my men
dialog: come to me tomorrow morning,
dialog: wanting to know what's going on,
dialog: I'm going to lie to them!
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Your men! All my life "your men"
dialog: have been able to count on you? Why
dialog: is it that you've never been there
dialog: for me?
text: They head through the doors, out onto the street.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Bud following Carl.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: And what if you're wrong? What if
dialog: one day, the sun didn't rise in the
dialog: East and birds didn't fly South in
dialog: winter and for once in your life
dialog: your compass was off? Huh?
text: He grabs Carl by the arm, stopping him.
speaker_heading: BUD (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you be willing to wreck your
dialog: men's future? My future? Please...
dialog: Dad. Think. Be practical, for a
dialog: change. I'm asking you, I'm fucking
dialog: begging you...
text: Bud lets go of Carl's arm. Carl looks at his son, seeing the
text: desperation. Sadness and confusion take hold of him.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I don't sleep with no whore and I
dialog: don't wake up with no whore. That's
dialog: how I live with myself, Buddy. I
dialog: don't know how you do.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I hope I'm wrong, I'll let them
dialog: decide for themselves, that much I
dialog: promise you.
text: He walks away. Bud watches him go, knows he has won.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud, increasingly frazzled and determined, dark circles
text: under his eyes paces with the phone...
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: (his secretary)
dialog: Mr. Dixon Brandt on 3...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (wearily switching over)
dialog: What's up Dixon?
dialog: (stopping, focusing)
dialog: Calm down! What are you talking about?
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DIXON'S CABIN - ASPEN COLORADO - DAY
text: Dixon, the rich man's son and ski bum, is yelling on the
text: other end of the line.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: ...this guy who said he was from
dialog: the Security Exchange Commission,
dialog: whatever the hell that is, calls
dialog: and wants to ask me about that
dialog: stock I bought...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: What'd you tell him?
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: I told him I was in the bathroom
dialog: and I'd call him right back. What
dialog: the hell was I supposed to say
dialog: Buddy, you got me into...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Look Dixon, calm down! It's not
dialog: illegal to buy stock or to be right.
dialog: And it's not all that unusual to be
dialog: spot checked on a big buy. Tell him
dialog: you did your homework and you
dialog: thought the stock was a sound
dialog: investment.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: What if he asks where I got the money?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Tell 'em your father gave it to you.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: What if they call him?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: They won't. That's not their
dialog: jurisdiction.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes! Read the Constitution, it's
dialog: all in there. And remember--you
dialog: don't know anything, nothing.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: I don't know anything!
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Good. Then call him back. And call
dialog: me back. Don't worry.
text: He hangs up, a worried expression, Marv entering to break
dialog: his concentration.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Hey you hear the news. I just got a
dialog: job at a new firm: "Dewey, Cheat
dialog: 'em and Howe." Yuk yuk.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (icy)
dialog: Didn't I tell you to knock before
dialog: you came in here?
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Hey the door was open.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Then get out and close it behind you.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You know what you need, buddy
dialog: buddy--an optorectomy. That's when
dialog: they cut the nerve that runs from
dialog: your brain to your rectum--to
dialog: change that shitty attitude of yours.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Get the hell out!
text: Marv slams the door on his way...
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL BUILDING - DOWNTOWN NEW YORK - DAY
text: Long shot of the towering stone structure. A tall angular
text: figure crosses through the glass doors with a bulky folder
text: under his arm...
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - DAY
text: The man flashes his ID to a SECURITY GUARD who buzzes him
text: through the gate... He walks towards us and we see he is the
text: familiar tall, baby-faced INVESTIGATOR from the S.E.C.
text: Options Watch Office... he gets in an elevator.
scene_heading: INT. S.E.C. INVESTIGATION OFFICES - DAY
text: He walks into the office of a CHIEF INVESTIGATOR. A balding
text: sharp-featured man in a drab suit with bags of hard work
text: under his eyes looks up as the young investigator places the
text: large file in front of him.
scene_heading: INT. ROGER BARNES' OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud enters, preoccupied. Barnes is nervous.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: So what's the problem?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: ...got a strange call from the SEC.
dialog: They asked to see my records...
dialog: Bud, this is a heavy...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: ....Relax Roget
dialog: (French pronunciation)
dialog: You're 82M in the account numbers
dialog: and I'm the Invisible Man...
dialog: they're always looking for red
dialog: flags, Gekko's always getting
dialog: checked by them, they never come up
dialog: with anything... we're invulnerable
dialog: on this...
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Alright... I just wanna slow down
dialog: Bud... no more calls for awhile, no
dialog: lunches... we suspend our business,
dialog: alright...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sure Roger, whatever you want, it's
dialog: cool.
text: A young lawyer pops his head in the room.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Rog, come on, bring the cost report.
dialog: They started.
dialog: (exits)
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (standing, to Bud)
dialog: Gekko asked us into the Bluestar
dialog: deal. We're reviewing the
dialog: timetables, wanna come?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: He never told me...
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You're just the President of the
dialog: company, what do you know? ... Come
dialog: on.
text: As they walk out.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Smoky, coffee cups and food. THREE LAWYERS, TWO INVESTMENT
text: BANKERS, THREE COMMERCIAL BANKERS, sleeves rolled up, ties
text: askew. A blackboard with Bluestar's assets diagrammed. A
text: combat mood in the room. Bud walking in, feels vaguely
text: worried, something is not quite right.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You guys know the new chief of
dialog: Bluestar... Bud Fox.
text: They nod vaguely respectful but Bud's obviously a figure
text: head to them, takes a seat off to the side. The bull-like
text: INVESTMENT BANKER, Vietnam vet, in shirt and suspenders, is
text: on the attack against the stuffier Commercial Bankers.
scene_heading: INVESTMENT BANKER
dialog: Look guys, what's the problem,
dialog: let's for the kill...Gekko's got
dialog: 12% and climbing plus the unions
dialog: are in his pocket for now,
dialog: everybody on the street knows the
dialog: stock's in play
dialog: (overlapping voice:
dialog: up 2 1/4 since the open)
dialog: by next week the street's gonna own
dialog: Bluestar and management won't be
dialog: able to do anything but poison
dialog: their own pill. Why are you guys
dialog: dicking around? Is the bank
dialog: financing in place or are we gonna
dialog: have more and more meetings? Our
dialog: firm's gonna guarantee 25% of the
dialog: total debt structure in long-term
dialog: junk bonds, now you guys either
dialog: sign this piece of paper right now
dialog: or we're gonna pull and head for
dialog: another bank for the 75...
speaker_heading: COMMERCIAL BANKER
dialog: (older man, appeasing)
dialog: ...look, we have 30 banks ready to
dialog: participate in a 4 year revolving
dialog: credit line but we have to have
dialog: your assurance to pay back most of
dialog: the loan in the first 6 months, and
dialog: the only way...
scene_heading: INVESTMENT BANKER
dialog: (intermittently interrupting)
dialog: ... 30 banks, isn't that
dialog: wonderful...you got it, no problem.
speaker_heading: COMMERCIAL BANKER
dialog: (insistent)
dialog: ...and the only way we can see this
dialog: happening is liquidating the
dialog: hangars and the planes. Can you
dialog: people guarantee that?
text: Bud freezes where he sits...it all comes crashing down in a
dialog: milli-second on that word "liquidate" -- shock now spreading
text: on Bud's face...
scene_heading: INVESTMENT BANKER
dialog: Guaranteed! No sweat...we already
dialog: got the Bleezburg brothers lined up
dialog: to build condos where the hangars
dialog: are, we can lay off the planes with
dialog: Mexicana, who are dumb enough to
dialog: buy 'em and Texas Air is drooling
text: at my kneecaps to get the slots and
dialog: the routes. What's the problem?
dialog: it's done..
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (passing a paper to
dialog: the commercial banker)
dialog: This is the pricetag on the 737s,
dialog: the gates, the hangars, the routes,
dialog: we got it all nailed right down to
dialog: the typewriters...
text: Bud sits there numbly, a sickening feeling taking hold of
text: him as the camera and music track and trap him tighter and
text: tighter. The lawyers' voices distorting in the background.
scene_heading: INVESTMENT BANKER
dialog: ...'course the beauty of it is the
dialog: overfunded pension fund. Gekko gets
dialog: the 75 million in there. Fifty
dialog: million buys him the minimum
dialog: annuities for 6,000 employees and
text: he walks away with the rest. All
dialog: in, he'll net 60 to 70 million. Not
dialog: bad for a month's work.
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: Your man did his homework, Fox,
dialog: you're gonna have the shortest
dialog: executive career since the Pope who
dialog: got poisoned...now he'll really
dialog: start believing he's "Gekko the
dialog: Great."
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION AREA - GEKKO'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud walks intently past the receptionist and down the long
text: white marble hall.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE'S DESK - DAY
text: Natalie is on the phone. Bud marches past her desk.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Yes, he wants to change that
dialog: appointment to...
dialog: (cupping the receiver)
dialog: Bud--you can't go in there. He's in
dialog: a meeting!
text: He ignores her and throws open Gekko's door.
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Gekko is talking with the LAWYERS and BANKERS from the
text: Bluestar deal, as Bud barges in.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: I didn't know we had a meeting
dialog: schedule for this morning.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm sorry, this can't wait.
text: Gekko stares at him with piercing eyes.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Will you gentlemen excuse us for a
dialog: few minutes?
text: The lawyers and bankers get up and discreetly leave the room.
text: Gekko waits for them to go, turns back to Bud.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: What the hell do you want?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I found out about the garage sale
dialog: down at Bluestar. Why?
text: Gekko is taken by surprise.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Last night I read Rudy the story of
text: Winnie the Pooh and the Honey pot.
dialog: Know what happened: he stuck his
dialog: nose in that honey pot once too
dialog: often and got stung.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Maybe you ought to read him
dialog: Pinocchio. You told me you were
dialog: going to turn Bluestar around. Not
dialog: upside down. You used me.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: You're walking around blind without
dialog: a cane, sport. A fool and his money
dialog: are lucky to get together in the
dialog: first place.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Why do you need to wreck this company?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Because it's wreckable. I took
dialog: another look and I changed my mind.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: If these people lose their jobs,
dialog: nowhere to go. My father worked at
dialog: Bluestar for twenty-four years. I
dialog: gave 'em my word.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (hard)
dialog: It's all about bucks, kid, the rest
dialog: is conversation...
dialog: (loosening)
dialog: Bud, you're still going to be
dialog: president. And when the time comes,
dialog: you'll parachute out a rich man.
dialog: With the money you're going to
dialog: make, your father won't have to
dialog: work another day in his life.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Tell me, Gordon--when does it all
dialog: end? How many yachts can you
dialog: waterski behind? How much is enough?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Buddy, it's not a question of
dialog: enough. It's a zero sum game, sport.
text: Somebody wins and somebody loses.
dialog: Money itself isn't lost or made,
dialog: it's simply transferred from one
dialog: perception to another. Like magic.
dialog: That painting cost $60,000 10 years
dialog: ago. I could sell it today for
text: $600,000. The illusion has become
dialog: real. And the more real it becomes,
dialog: the more desperately they want it.
dialog: Capitalism at its finest.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (again)
dialog: How much is enough Gordon?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: The richest one percent of this
dialog: country owns half the country's
dialog: wealth: 5 trillion dollars. One
dialog: third of that comes from hard work,
dialog: two thirds of it comes from
dialog: inheritance, interest on interest
dialog: accumulation to widows and idiot
dialog: sons and what I do -- stock and
dialog: real estate speculation. It's
dialog: bullshit. Ninety percent of the
dialog: American people have little or no
dialog: net worth. I create nothing; I own.
dialog: We make the rules, Buddy, the news,
dialog: war, peace, famine, upheaval; the
dialog: cost of a paper clip.
dialog: (picking one up)
text: We pull the rabbit out of the hat
text: while everybody else sits around
dialog: their whole life wondering how we
dialog: did it...
dialog: (crosses to Bud)
dialog: ...you're not naive enough to think
dialog: we're living in a democracy are
dialog: you, Buddy? It's the free market.
dialog: You're one of us now...take
dialog: advantage of it. You got the killer
dialog: instinct, kid, stick with me. I got
dialog: things to teach you...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Obviously...
text: As he puts his arm around Bud, leading him to the door.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Believe me, Buddy, I was gonna
dialog: discuss this with you at the right
dialog: time. Look, why don't you calm down
dialog: and come to the apartment for
dialog: dinner tonight. Bring Darien...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (at the door,
dialog: confused, drained)
dialog: ...I can't make it tonight.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Are you with me Buddy?
text: At the door, a look of unmistakable power...and danger.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: I want you with me.
dialog: (waits)
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm with you Gordon...
text: He walks out the door, the misery he is in washing his brow.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (to Natalie)
dialog: ...be another minute, Natalie.
text: As he crosses back to the coffee table and punches up a
dialog: phone number.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: This is Gordon Gekko. Now...
dialog: (a beat, with
dialog: controlled rage)
dialog: I want zip-locked mouths on
dialog: Bluestar, or I'm gonna personally
dialog: come down there and rip out your
dialog: fucking throats!
scene_heading: EXT. GEKKO OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: Bud walks out, heading up the street, absent amid the
text: scurrying mid-day hordes tearing up the street for the loot
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: EXT. BUD'S CONDO - DAY
text: Darien approaches, carrying groceries, enters the building.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S CONDO - DAY
text: Bud is slumped on the couch, a spent bottle of tequila in
text: front of him. Outside the twilight is quickening into night,
text: shadows, scurrying across the unlit room.... for the first
text: time we see him sucking on a cigarette.
text: Darien opens the door and freezes, surveying the living room.
text: A broken vase on the carpet, a curtain ripped off a window,
text: a painting upended, a chair overturned, selected but not
dialog: frenzied damage...
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Bud?...What's going on?
text: She puts down the grocery bags, frightened.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I've been played like a grand-
dialog: piano--by the master, Gekko the
dialog: Great...and today was the big crash.
dialog: Liquidation sale. He's gonna carve
text: Bluestar into little pieces and
dialog: sell it all off...
text: Darien registering this, is picking up pieces of the broken
dialog: vase.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: I'm sorry. I was afraid something
dialog: like this could happen.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Talk about being bent over the sink
dialog: of life and being dry humped. I
text: handed it to him on a silver
dialog: platter. I told my father and those
dialog: people...
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Buddy, it's not your fault, and
dialog: it's not your decision.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: I'm not gonna let it happen Darien.
text: She stops, lights a cigarette, growing concern.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Don't cross Gordon. He'll crush you.
dialog: You've worked hard to get where you
dialog: are. If Gordon doesn't buy Bluestar
dialog: someone else will; and who's to say
dialog: they won't do the same thing.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: At least I wouldn't be pulling the
dialog: trigger.
text: She sighs...comes over, tries to shake some sense into him!
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Are you mad! Why are you doing this!
dialog: We're so close, the town is going
dialog: to be ours. Don't throw away your
dialog: future Bud!
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I can stay with the brokerage firm.
dialog: And you're doing fine. We can
dialog: survive without Gordon Gekko.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: (pointed)
dialog: I'm not looking to just survive.
dialog: I've been doing that all my life.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (getting the drift)
dialog: What the hell's that supposed to mean?
text: Darien moves out from his approximate circle, wrestling with
text: what she wants to say...until she turns and says it.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: That if you make an enemy of Gordon
dialog: Gekko, I won't be there to stand by
dialog: you.
text: Bud is stunned...and hurt.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You really mean that?
dialog: (lashing out)
dialog: What'd he promise you? To take you
dialog: public? I guess without Gordon's
dialog: money and seal of approval, I'm not
dialog: such a hot investment anymore.
dialog: You're just the best money can buy,
dialog: Darien...
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: You're not exactly pure Bud, you
dialog: went after Gekko with the same
dialog: vengeance you went after me. Look
dialog: in the mirror before...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (glaring at her)
dialog: I'm looking...and I sure don't like
dialog: what I see.
text: She collects her things and walks to the door.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Fair enough...but it's not that
dialog: simple, Bud. When I was down and
dialog: had nothing, it was Gordon who
dialog: helped me. He got me all my
dialog: clients -- you among them...
dialog: (snaps her fingers)
dialog: and he can take it away like that.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You may find out one day -- that
dialog: when you've had money and lost it,
dialog: it's worse than never having had it
dialog: at all.
text: Bud steps across to her in a rage.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That's bullshit! Step out that
dialog: door, I'm changing the locks.
text: She opens the door saddened.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: You may not believe this Bud but I
dialog: really do care for you. I think we
dialog: could've made a good team...but
dialog: that's how it goes...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Get the hell out!
text: She does. Bud stares at the closed door, mute, numb, totally
dialog: devastated.... the loss is not just Darien, it is total...
text: He looks at his face in the reflection of a wall mirror...
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S APARTMENT - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Waiting for the elevator. Darien also looks at herself a
text: beat in the hall mirror. She's crying. Then she steels
text: herself and enters the elevator.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S CONDO - DAY
text: The same realtor, SYLVIe DRIMMER, who sold him the place, is
text: back. The phone is ringing, unanswered...
speaker_heading: SYLVIE
dialog: ...well, the market's dead, hon,
dialog: even the rich are bitching,
dialog: nothing's moving except termites
dialog: and cockroaches, and with my
dialog: commission being what it is...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (cutting her off)
dialog: Save the rap, just sell it -- fast!
text: He's in his socks, unshaven, smoking, he looks like he's
text: been on a bender for the weekend. The phone stops ringing.
text: He turns and walks into the bedroom, slamming the door
text: behind him.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud walks in, a different, more serious look in his eye,
text: purposeful. Past CAROLYN and JANET at the outer desk. They
text: stop what they're doing and look up at him surprised.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Bud! Where you been the last two days?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (ignoring the tone in
dialog: her voice)
dialog: ...Janet get my father on the phone
dialog: and the two other union reps,
dialog: urgent...
text: He notices her face, something's wrong.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Your mom just called, Mr. Fox. Your
dialog: father... he...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (sensing it)
dialog: What! What happened?!
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: He had a heart attack, hon, but
dialog: he's okay, he's at the hospital...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (runs out)
dialog: Oh Christ!
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S BMW - DAY
text: Bud weaving fast through traffic.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Bud races past the nurses' desks and down the hallway.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: Bud's MOTHER is outside with Dominick Amato and another
text: neighbor just visiting, bringing candies.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (lighting a cigarette)
dialog: Mom! How is he?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: ...he was complaining about chest
dialog: pains at work. Next thing I know he
dialog: collapsed... Oh Buddy, talk to him,
dialog: he's so stubborn.
speaker_heading: AMATO
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: ...don't worry, he's got another 20
dialog: years in him. He's a tough ol' nut,
dialog: your Dad...
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: The blinds are drawn. His Dad lies there, tubes down his
text: nose, hooked up to an IV unit and monitors. Bud comes over.
text: Carl, glassy-eyed, significantly frailer, nods to him. It's
dialog: obvious that more damage was done than Bud expected. Mom
text: comes into the room with him, stands there.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hiya Dad...
dialog: (sits, smiles)
dialog: What was it? Mom talked too much or
dialog: was it her spaghetti? I mean
dialog: pasta...
dialog: (Mom bringing a
dialog: handkerchief to her eyes)
dialog: I told you never to lift a 747 by
dialog: yourself...
text: Carl, smiles weakly, on pain killers. Bud pulls out a
text: cigarette. He fumbles with it before putting it away, trying
text: to keep a gruff tone between them.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...you even got me smoking
dialog: now...second one Dad, you're
dialog: pushing your luck, I guess you know
dialog: that...I guess you gotta pull
dialog: through this one Dad...for mom, for
dialog: me...I guess I never told you
dialog: but...I love you Dad, I love you
dialog: more than I ever.
dialog: (begins to weep)
dialog: ...I didn't mean those things I
dialog: said to you...you're a hero all the
dialog: way Dad, you're a rock...the best.
text: The words seem to come flowing out of Bud as Carl's eyes
text: fill with tears.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...and you were right about Gekko.
dialog: He's one son of a bitch...through
dialog: and through.
text: Carl stares at him, beginning to understand.
speaker_heading: BUD (CONT'D)
dialog: He's gonna break up Bluestar.
text: Carl reacts violently in his eyes but Bud soothes him...in
text: dead earnest, trying to be deliberate and clear in his meaning.
speaker_heading: BUD (CONT'D)
dialog: ...but I gotta plan Dad, it can
dialog: work, I can save the airline, I
dialog: know you got no reason to believe
dialog: me but I want you to trust me...I
dialog: need to talk to the unions...Can I
dialog: speak for you?
text: Carl's eyes.
speaker_heading: BUD (CONT'D)
dialog: Your words, not mine...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: You speak for me, son.
scene_heading: INT. AUCTION ROOM - DAY
text: Gekko and Darien are seated together in the back row. Darien
text: looks serious and distracted in spite of all the excitement
text: going on around her. It is the big spring Impressionist sale
dialog: and all the major players, or their representatives are here.
text: Gekko is bidding.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Look over there sunshine. I'm up
dialog: against Richard Feigen.
text: He is on a roll, electric. As the price mounts and surpasses
text: the two million dollar mark, Gekko rises and walks down the
text: side aisle to the front, never taking his eyes away from the
text: auctioneer. He stands agressively, arms akimbo, in a nose to
text: nose confrontation.
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: Once, twice, three times. Sold to
dialog: Mr. Gordon Gekko.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF AUCTION HOUSE - DAY
text: They walk the sunny streets, a jubilant Gekko, savoring his
text: triumph, grabs Darien's arm.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: What do you say we go get a suite
dialog: at the Carlyle? Caviar? Champagne?
dialog: Celebrate, just like the old times
dialog: Sunshine.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: Those days are over, Gordon. They
dialog: were over a long time ago.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (condescendingly but
dialog: paying little
dialog: attention to the rebuff)
dialog: Can't blame me for trying. You look
dialog: as beautiful as that painting I
dialog: just bought.
text: He pats her on the back in a preprietary fashion.
speaker_heading: GEKKO (CONT'D)
dialog: (mockingly)
dialog: So what's the problem Sunshine? You
dialog: look like Black Thursday. Bad case
dialog: of puppy love?
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: It's not puppy love, Gordon.
dialog: Anyway, Buddy and I are splitting up.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (off handed)
dialog: Sorry to hear that. I thought the
dialog: kid had staying power.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: It's over you, Gordon.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (cooly)
dialog: You told him about us?
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: No, are you crazy? And I don't want
dialog: him ever to know. Do you
dialog: understand?...
text: She moves closed and takes Gordon's hand.
speaker_heading: DARIEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to ask you a big favor,
dialog: Gordon. Please drop the Bluestar deal.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (stroking her face)
dialog: Now tell me, why would I want to do
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Because I don't want to see him hurt.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Don't worry Sunshine. Bud and I had
dialog: a little talk. We came to an
dialog: understanding.
dialog: (takes her hand paternally)
dialog: I want you to go back to him.
dialog: Soothe him. Help keep his head
dialog: straight. Okay?
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: I can't...and I won't.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Come on, we both like Buddy. But
dialog: this bleeding heart puppy love act
text: is over the top... It doesn't fit.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: Maybe it does. Don't patronize me
dialog: Gordon.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: You and I are the same, Darien.
dialog: We're smart enough not to buy into
dialog: the oldest myth running: love... A
dialog: fiction created by people who got
dialog: nothing to keep them from jumping
text: out of windows.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: You're really twisted, Gordon.
dialog: You're incapable of giving to
dialog: anybody because deep down inside
dialog: you there's a poverty that every
dialog: last dollar in the world won't fill.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Ooh ooh, tough talk from a scared
text: little girl all wrapped in a pretty
dialog: grown-up package. Does this mean
dialog: you're ready to cut the umbilical
text: cord and step out into the world on
dialog: your own? Because, Darien, if
dialog: you're through with me, you're
dialog: through with everything I'm a part of.
text: Darien's eyes cloud over...the look of a scared child being
dialog: banished by her father. Then...
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: I know...but maybe, just maybe
dialog: Gordon, I'm good enough so I don't
dialog: need you anymore.
text: She walks away.
scene_heading: INT. MCGREGOR'S BAR - QUEENS - DAY
text: Bud is seated at a corner table with the BLUESTAR UNION
scene_heading: REPS: Duncan Wilmore, ALPA LEADER and Toni Carpenter, AFA
text: rep; also jointed by machinists, Dominick Amato and Charley
text: Dent, sitting in for his father's union.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: ...the stock's at 19 1/4 and it's
text: going up. Gekko figures by breaking
dialog: up Bluestar, it's worth at least
dialog: $30 a share. That means he'll buy
dialog: up to 23 or 24 and still think he's
dialog: making money.
speaker_heading: WILMORE
dialog: How do you know that the stock is
dialog: going to go up?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: You really don't want to know any
dialog: more than that, Mr. Wilmore. Let's
dialog: just say I have some friends.
speaker_heading: WILMORE
dialog: (getting his drift)
dialog: Okay. What happens then?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: When the stock hits 23, you guys go
dialog: to Gekko and lower the boom. Once
dialog: he learns he has no union
dialog: concession, he's going to head for
dialog: the hills. He'll sell everything
dialog: he's got.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Yeah. But who's going to buy then
dialog: and what's to prevent another shark
dialog: from coming along and devouring us?
scene_heading: INT. WILDMAN BUILDING - FIFTH AVENUE APARTMENT - DAY
text: Bud, Duncan Wilmore, Toni Carpenter, Dominick and Charley,
text: an unlikely looking group in the plushness of the apartment
dialog: lobby.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: We have an appointment to see Mr.
dialog: Wildman.
scene_heading: INT. WILDMAN APARTMENT - DAY
text: Lofty windows overlooking the Park, an impeccably-decorated
text: apartment with coffee and rolls laid out, a young AIDE
text: quietly moving around. Bud and the others are on sofas
text: around the imposing figure of Wildman in a chair across.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sir Lawrence, what would you say to
dialog: owning Bluestar Airlines with union
dialog: concessions--at $18 a share...and
text: in the process hanging Gordon Gekko
dialog: out in the wind to twist.... ?
text: Sir Lawrence leans back in his chair, equably...
speaker_heading: WILDMAN
dialog: I might be very interested, but why?
dialog: Why you mate -- how'd you get mixed
dialog: up with Gekko? He doesn't know the
dialog: difference between raiding and
dialog: insider trading. I do. The SEC does.
dialog: I hope you do...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Let's just say Mr. Gekko and I have
dialog: a conflict of interest. I want to
dialog: see this airline work...
dialog: (pointing to the
dialog: documents in front of Wildman)
dialog: ...the figures here show it can.
speaker_heading: WILDMAN
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: ... and you're prepared to take
dialog: these large salary cuts.
speaker_heading: WILMORE
dialog: ...we are. But we want a contract
dialog: agreement -- iron-clad -- that if
dialog: you buy it, you can't break it up.
speaker_heading: WILDMAN
dialog: (hands behind his head)
dialog: I'm still listening...
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud hurries in, past Marv on the phone with an irate customer.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Well, if that's how you feel--the
dialog: hell with you too. And strong
dialog: letter to follow.
text: He slams the phone down.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You don't have to agree with me,
dialog: Marv; but I think I've been a bit
dialog: of a schmuck lately.
dialog: (beat, waits)
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: (off the cuff)
dialog: I agree. Go thou and sin no more.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I want to make it up to you.
dialog: Bluestar, put all your clients in it.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: (animated, grabs the phone)
dialog: Thanks, buddy, buddy, I'm back.
dialog: Say, Buddy, those optorectomies do
dialog: work wonders.
text: Bud intersecting Lou Mannheim smoking a cigarette and having
dialog: a hard time walking.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Bluestar, Mr. Mannheim. Put all
dialog: your clients in it.
text: Davls looks gravely at Bud.
speaker_heading: MANNHEIM
dialog: I don't know where you get your
dialog: information, son, but I don't like
dialog: it. The only reason I'm gonna do it
dialog: is...I need the money, that's the
dialog: problem with money--it makes you do
dialog: things you don't want to do.
text: Bud hears him, walks on...
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Miss Bloom, Marvin. You got cancer
dialog: in your portfolio, but I got the
dialog: cure...Bluestar Airlines...
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud on the phone, checking his quotron.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Listen I need a favor and it's a
dialog: quick scalp for you. Two hundred
dialog: thousand at 19 1/2; can you
dialog: position it in one of your equity
dialog: funds?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: (voicebox)
dialog: ...call waiting on 7.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hold on...
dialog: (switches over, hushed)
dialog: ...listen "blue horseshoe loves
dialog: Bluestar Airlines"...
text: Immediately goes back to the other line.
scene_heading: INT. THE WALL STREET JOURNAL OFFICES - DAY
text: The REPORTER, who Bud anonymously called on the earlier
text: Anacott Steel buy, hangs up. He rises from his desk and
text: crosses the busy news floor, over to his EDITOR.
speaker_heading: WSJ REPORTER
text: Bluestar's in play.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE - DAY
text: A RUNNER dashes up to the BLUESTAR AIRLINES post, where a
text: heated crowd is gathered, amidst heavy trading. He elbows
text: his way over to a TRADER, handing him the ticket. The TRADER
text: holds up the buy order, screaming, making frantic hand
text: signals, in search of a seller. Faces in the crowd look up
text: at the broad tape.
scene_heading: CAMERA TILTS TO:
scene_heading: BLUESTAR (BST), the stock quote flashing across the BROAD
text: TAPE--upticking to 20 1/4.
scene_heading: INT. BROKERAGE OFFICE - DAY
text: Marv, on the phone pitching, eyes glued to the office TAPE--
text: as BST jumps to 21 1/4.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: I love it...I do love it so!
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
dialog: The quotron now climbs to 22 1/8!
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yeah. I see it at 22 1/8 and I
dialog: don't know what to make of it.
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO'S OFFICE - DAY
text: He paces on the other end of the phone, real anger showing;
dialog: now Alex and Susan seen in b.g.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: The word's out. Your union buddies
dialog: are talking. Get me in at a 45
dialog: degree angle and I mean all the way
dialog: in! Slash and burn, buy everything
dialog: you can get up to 22. Then call me.
dialog: When I get the sonofabitch who
dialog: leaked this I'm gonna kill him! I'm
dialog: gonna tear his eyeballs out, I'm
dialog: gonna suck his skull!!
text: As he glances at his quotron the stock ticks up another 1/8th.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: All the BROKERS have jumped into the action, avidly watching
text: Bluestar's stock climb on the BROAD TAPE. Bud sweeps into
text: the room and looks up at the board as the stock hits 22 7/8.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: The stock's going to Pluto!
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Start unloading.
speaker_heading: MARV
dialog: Sell?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Now! Tell everyone to dump!
text: Marv nods, and rushes away. Bud crosses past Mannheim's office.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Get out of Bluestar!
text: In background Marv is spreading the word, brokers frantically
text: grabbing phones, calling clients to sell.
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Gekko looks up from his quotron and shouts to his troops on
dialog: the phones.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Who the hell's out there? What are
dialog: the arbs saying? It's gotta be a
dialog: big hitter.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: They don't know what's going on!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Everybody and his mother is buying!
text: Natalie enters the room, flustered.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Mr. Gekko, there's a whole bach of
dialog: people from Bluestar Airlines
dialog: outside demanding to see you.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: What the hell do they want?
speaker_heading: WILMORE (O.S.)
dialog: I'd be happy to tell you.
text: As Duncan, Toni Carpenter, Dominick Amato, Charley Dent and
text: SEVERAL other assorted UNION MEMBERS march into the room.
text: Gekko is taken by surprise, but stays calm.
speaker_heading: WILMORE
dialog: We know what you're up to, Gekko,
dialog: and let me tell you this from here,
dialog: (hits his heart)
dialog: you suck eggs, mister, over my dead
dialog: body you ain't gonna break up
dialog: Bluestar.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: You guys must know something nobody
dialog: else knows. If those are my plans,
dialog: it's the first I've heard of it.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Would you care to put that in writing?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: I'd like to remind you we already
dialog: have an agreement, which I expect
dialog: you to honor.
speaker_heading: WILMORE
dialog: Well in that case, I hope you have
dialog: your pilot's license.
speaker_heading: AMATO
dialog: Don't worry, Gekko, we wouldn't let
text: the engines fall out of the plane.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: (regretfully)
dialog: But the reservations systems can
dialog: get awfully screwed up, if we're
text: not paying attention.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHARLEY DENT
dialog: And a lot of baggage headed to St.
dialog: Petersburg could easily find its
dialog: way to Pittsburgh.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Listen, you clowns, there's
dialog: somebody else out there trying to
dialog: buy your airline, if you want to be
text: Pac-manned and gobbled by Atilla
dialog: the Hun be my guest!
speaker_heading: WILMORE
dialog: We'll take our chances.
dialog: (tips his hat)
dialog: Nice to see you again, Mr. Gekko.
text: They file out of the room. The phone lines have lit up like
text: a Christmas tree. Alex answers a call.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (to Gekko)
dialog: Fox says Bluestar just hit 23. What
dialog: do you want him to do?
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (fractional pause, mad)
dialog: Sell it all.
dialog: (then, evenly)
dialog: What the hell, so I'll only make
dialog: ten million.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud switches lines from Gekko to Larry Wildman.
speaker_heading: BUD
text: Gekko's on the ropes--he's trying
dialog: to sell, but there's not many
text: takers, the stock's plummeting.
scene_heading: EXT. WILDMAN'S YACHT - DAY
text: Wildman is off the Long Island Sound waters in his boat
text: lighting a cigar. Two beautiful women and an aide are with him.
speaker_heading: WILDMAN
dialog: Well then... guess I'll have to
dialog: carry him a few rounds before he
dialog: drops.
text: Switches lines, checking his quotron...
speaker_heading: WILDMAN
dialog: Bluestar. Don't make a big deal.
dialog: Buy it lightly on the way down.
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: When it hits 18--buy it all.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE FLOOR - DAY
text: Wildman's broker takes the order with a curt "got it" and
text: dashes out of the cubicle over to the Bluestar post where a
text: chaotic crowd is gathered, traders frantically screaming to
text: sell Bluestar shares. He looks at the Big Board--sees an XTR
text: drop to 17. When he raises his hand to buy, he is mobbed.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: The Big Board...a series of snappy dissolves accompanied by
text: lively music shows the stock price falling to 16 1/2 ...
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Alex, Ollie, Susan on the phones.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
text: The arbs are getting killed.
dialog: Where'd the buyers go!
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (worried)
dialog: We're being devoured, Gordon.
text: Harold Salt, walking on egg shells, looks to Gekko, who sits
text: with the phone receiver crooked to his neck.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: There's got to be a way out of
dialog: this, Gordon.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (livid, losing it)
dialog: Yeah, Harold, why don't you dial
dialog: 911.
dialog: (into the receiver)
dialog: Fox, where the hell are you? I'm
dialog: losing millions.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Look, you got me into this airline,
dialog: and you damn well better get me out.
dialog: Because if you don't the only job
dialog: you're going to get on the Street
dialog: is sweeping it! You hear me, Fox--
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud scribbling an order ticket, replies on the other end.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (hard)
dialog: You once told me don't get
dialog: emotional about stock. Gordon,
text: don't. The bid is 17 and going down.
dialog: As your broker, I advise you to
dialog: take it.
text: Bud moves the phone away from his ear, at Gekko's cursing,
text: and signs the ticket.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (urgent)
text: Gordon, it's two minutes to close.
dialog: What do you want to do?! Decide.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Dump it.
text: Bud hangs up and rushes off with the ticket.
scene_heading: INT. GEKKO'S DEN - NEW YORK APARTMENT - TWILIGHT
dialog: The 35" television is on to:
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: The big Wall Street story tonight
dialog: is the roller coaster ride of
text: Bluestar Airlines. Fueled by
dialog: takeover rumors, the stock soared
dialog: to an all-time high of 24 1/8. Then
dialog: when contradictory rumors later
dialog: surfaced that the takeover was
dialog: unfounded, buyers went running for
text: cover, and the stock plummeted on
dialog: gigantic volume to as low as 16 1/2
text: before closing at 17.
text: Camera discovers Gekko sitting, grimly watching the report.
text: Rudy seen riding his toy car in background.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: ...but then tonight, amidst all the
text: scuttlebutt, another rumble shook
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: According to many sources, raider
dialog: Sir Lawrence Wildman has stepped in
dialog: and bought a substantial block of
dialog: Bluestar and is going to announce a
dialog: deal tomorrow at 18 that includes
dialog: the support of the unions.
text: Camera now tracks in close on Gekko as he absorbs the
text: unexpected blow. O.S. Rudy yelling and squealing. Gekko
text: leans back, putting the pieces together, his eyes narrowing
text: into burning slits. He smashes the glass cocktail table with
text: a massive paperweight as Kate hears it, shocked.
scene_heading: EXT. WALL STREET - MORNING
text: People rushing to work. Bud crosses the street, his face
text: buried in The Financial Times. Insert: "SIR LAWRENCE WILDMAN
scene_heading: MOUNTS BLUESTAR BUY WITH UNION SUPPORT".
text: Satisfied, Bud folds the paper and heads into his office
dialog: building.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: He walks past Carolyn the receptionist who is strangely mute...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Smile, Carolyn, there's justice in
dialog: the world...
scene_heading: INT. MAIN OFFICE - DAY
text: He passes the CHINESE STOCKLADY. She sees him and manages to
text: look away. Marvin exchanges a look with him but can't bring
text: himself to talk. Bud wonders...the whole office seems
text: silent, the other BROKERS stealing glances.
text: ...as he passes Lou Mannheim with Charlie Cushing, who
dialog: ignores Bud...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: How's it going Mr. Mannheim? Got
dialog: out of Bluestar in time I hope?
text: Mannheim stops, winds up. Bud impatient but polite.
speaker_heading: MANNHEIM
dialog: (with gruff affection)
dialog: Bud I like you, just remember
text: something. Man looks in the abyss,
text: there's nothing staring back at him.
text: At that time a man finds his
dialog: character--and that is what keeps
dialog: him out of the abyss...
dialog: (a beat, looks deeply)
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I think I understand what you mean
dialog: Mr. Mannheim.
text: But not really. As, on this increasingly strange morning, he
text: moves on past Janet who wants to tell his something but he
text: cuts her off.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Get my father will you Janet?
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: As Bud walks in, the camera glides to reveal the young SEC
text: INVESTIGATOR, who has been tracking Buddy, going through his
text: files. A SECOND MAN, PATTERSON, is standing behind the desk
text: using the phone as a bored-looking 3RD MAN and POLICEMAN
text: stand off to the side with Hieronymus Lynch, who gives Bud a
text: withering glance.
speaker_heading: PATTERSON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: He just came in. I'll talk to you
dialog: later.
text: On Bud--a struck-dumb look passing to resignation, as if for
text: a long time now, he has been expecting this.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I guess you're not here to open an
dialog: IRA.
speaker_heading: PATTERSON
dialog: Mr Fox, I'm Henry Patterson from
dialog: the Postal Inspection Service...
dialog: this is Evan Morrissey with The
dialog: Securities and Exchange
dialog: Investigation Office.
dialog: (presents his ID and
speaker_heading: indicates MAN 3)
dialog: ... Mr. Ebanhopper from the US
dialog: Attorney's Office.
speaker_heading: MORRISSEY
dialog: Mr. Fox, you're under arrest for
dialog: conspiracy to commit securities
dialog: fraud and for violating the Insider
dialog: Trader's Sanction Act.
text: The handcuffs come out.
scene_heading: EXT. SHEEPSMEADOW - CENTRAL PARK - TWILIGHT
text: Long shot. Activity is winding down, a few sunbathers
text: collecting their blankets. A solitary figure stands on a
text: hill silhouetted by the sunset. A second figure appears on a
text: footpath and starts climbing the hill towards the other man.
text: Gekko waits, expressionless... Bud approaches him. They
text: stand facing each other.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: Hello Bud.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Gordon.
speaker_heading: GEKKO
dialog: You sandbagged me on Bluestar.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I guess you think you taught the
dialog: teacher a lesson, that you can make
dialog: the tail wag the dog, huh?
text: Bud looks away. Gekko's smile fades.
speaker_heading: GEKKO (CONT'D)
dialog: Well let me cue you in: the ice is
dialog: melting under your feet sport...
text: Without warning, he grabs Buddy roughly by the lapels and
text: lets out his inner rage with a series of smacks and slaps
text: across his face.
speaker_heading: GEKKO (CONT'D)
dialog: You think you could've gotten this
dialog: far this fast with anybody else?
dialog: You think you could be out there
dialog: dicking somebody like Darien? No,
dialog: you'd be cold calling dentists and
dialog: widows to buy twenty shares of some
dialog: dog stock! I took you in! A nobody!
dialog: I opened doors for you!...I showed
dialog: you how the system works!...
text: Gekko slapping him harder and harder, Buddy staggering with
text: the blows, saying nothing, not defending himself.
speaker_heading: GEKKO (CONT'D)
dialog: ...the value of information! How
dialog: you get it! Anacott Steel, Brant
dialog: Resources, Transuniversal, Fulham
dialog: Oil. And this is how you pay back,
dialog: you cockroach! I gave you Darien, I
dialog: gave you your manhood. I gave you
dialog: everything.
text: He backhands Bud across the face. Bud lies on the ground,
text: spent, as is Gordon breathing hard. Bud gets to his knees,
text: blood streaming from his nose, his suit muddied. Passersby
text: look on, wondering.
text: Gekko seems to relent, the rage going into hurt, remorse. He
text: hands Bud a handkerchief. Bud staunches the flow of blood
text: from his nose.
speaker_heading: GEKKO (CONT'D)
dialog: (softly, innocently)
dialog: You could've been one of the great
dialog: ones Bud...I look at you and see
dialog: myself...Why?
text: Bud looks at Gordon, torn by mixed emotions: the bonds they
dialog: share and the betrayal wrought.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (shakes his head, thoughtfully)
dialog: I don't know. My Dad once told me,
dialog: "money is something you need in
dialog: case you don't die tomortow." I
dialog: guess I realized I'm just Bud Fox.
dialog: And as much as I wanted to be
dialog: Gordon Gekko--I'll always be Bud Fox.
text: He looks at Gordon, as if wanting to say more, but doesn't.
text: In long shot, Gordon stands alone as Bud walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. TAVERN ON THE GREEN RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: The DOORMAN looks askance. Bud, mud-splattered suit and
text: bloody nose, walks straight past him thru the door.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Several well-heeled DINERS look up from their haute cuisine,
text: at the sight of Bud making his way toward the men's room.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Tight on Bud, staring at his reflection in the mirror, as he
text: unbuttons his shirt, revealing adhesive tape swathed across
text: his chest. Camera paces back as he winces when...
text: MORRISSEY and AGOSTINI, the two investigators, rip the tape
text: off his chest, retrieving a small tape recorder. Morrissey
text: of the S.E.C. rewinds the cassette. We hear Gekko's voice
text: being played back on the tape, the mention of their deals.
speaker_heading: MORRISSEY
dialog: You did the right thing, Bud.
text: Bud looks searchingly in the mirror. Faint CLICKING NOISE
text: comes up over the shot.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: CLICKING of the Broad Tape grows LOUDER. Shots of Lou
text: Mannheim, Lynch, Marv; silently looking up at the green
text: fluorescent print-out.
scene_heading: THE TAPE--THE U.S. ATTORNEY'S OFFICE TODAY ANNOUNCED
scene_heading: CRIMINAL CHARGES AGAINST CORPORATE RAIDER GORDON GEKKO AND
text: STOCK BROKER BUD FOX, FOR CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT SECURITIES
scene_heading: FRAUD, TAX EVASION, VIOLATIONS OF SECURITY ACTS, AND MAIL
dialog: FRAUD...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CARL FOX'S HOUSE - QUEENS - DAY
text: Carl, dressed in a suit and tie, sits at the dining table,
text: finished breakfast plates in front of him, refilling his
text: coffee cup. Mom clearing off the table, anxious...
text: As Bud walks in, wearing a suit and tie. He looks tired,
text: beaten, the eyes lifeless, in a dark mood.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (disapproving)
dialog: ...don't wear that tie Buddy, it...
text: She cuts off on Bud's look.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Another cup of coffee?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No, thanks, I'm nervous enough.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: I guess it's time to hit the road.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah, don't want to be late for my
dialog: own funeral.
scene_heading: INT. CARL FOX'S SEDAN - LOWER MANHATTAN - DAY
text: Driving towards the Federal Courtrooms in Lower Manhattan.
text: Busy traffic all around.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (supportively)
dialog: ...you told the truth, you gave the
dialog: money back. All things considered--
dialog: in this cockamamie world--you're
dialog: shooting par...
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: ...you helped save the airline and
dialog: the people at the airline are gonna
dialog: remember you for it.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: ...if I was you, I'd think about
dialog: that Bluestar job Wildman's offered
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Dad, I'm going to jail and you know
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (shaking his head, sober)
dialog: Maybe that's the price, Bud, maybe
dialog: so. It's gonna be rough on you but
dialog: maybe in some screwed up way,
dialog: that's the best thing that can
dialog: happen to you...stop trading for
dialog: the quick buck and go produce
dialog: something with your life, create,
dialog: don't live off the buying and
dialog: selling of others...
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: ...you can do it, Bud, once you set
dialog: your mind to something, I believe
dialog: you can do anything in the world...
text: Bud stares ahead, registering it.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (nods, then)
dialog: ...got any friends gonna be there?
text: As he pulls the car into the curb. The Federal Building, in
text: approaching POV, looms large before them.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (looks around, ironic)
dialog: Like who? Who really wants to know
dialog: a convicted felon...I don't even
dialog: like myself.
dialog: Carl knows something Bud doesn't...
text: Darien is standing there waiting as they approach the main
text: entrance... Bud seeing her, suddenly stunned. His POV--
text: easing along the curb.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: So, why don't you get out here and
dialog: go in with your friend, I'll park
dialog: the car. Try to be cool, okay?
text: A last look with his father.
scene_heading: EXT. CURBSIDE - FEDERAL BUILDING - LOWER MANHATTAN - DAY
text: Bud getting out...crossing to Darien. A pause.
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DARIEN
dialog: I figure a guy who's made some
dialog: mistakes should be able to
dialog: understand a girl who's made some
dialog: of her own...
text: Bud looking at her, moves closer, longing and hope and
text: happiness have returned to his dull eyes... and forgiveness,
dialog: the greatest of all.
text: They embrace. Bud will never know about her past, nor need
text: he. The camera leaving them on a slanting, circular crane,
text: lifting past the Federal Building to a panorama of Wall
text: Street in all its icy magisterial splendor...and thus ends
dialog: our tale.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
