dialog: 
speaker_heading: WARM SPRINGS
dialog: Written by
dialog: Margaret Nagle
dialog: Shooting Draft: 9.14.2004
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. A BODY OF WATER - LATE AFTERNOON
dialog: 1 1
text: A glimpse of sunlight desperately tries to force its way
text: through a gray sky before being obliterated.
dialog: 4
text: A MAN, sunburned and bearded, lets himself fall from the edge
text: of a boat and into the ocean.
speaker_heading: D
text: UNDERWATER, through shafts of light, white limbs are
text: FLAILING. The MAN struggles, alone. Bubbles stream upward.
text: He breaks the surface and gasps for air.
text: He begins to swim. His massive arms and shoulders grab at the
text: tide in large, hard strokes. His legs and feet are buried
text: beneath the dark ocean water.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSEBOAT - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 2 2
text: A floating tenement.
text: A crane LOWERS a fishing net into the water. The MAN swims
text: into it. The net is RAISED as he lays, motionless, within its
dialog: grip.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT DECK - CONTINUOUS 3
dialog: 3
text: The crane swings around with the MAN in the net.
text: He is EMPTIED out onto the deck like a fish.
text: AHIVERING on the rotting wooden planks he FLIPS himself over
text: on his stomach. Slowly, using the palms of his hands, he
text: DRAGS his trunk and withered limbs across the deck in a
text: labored lobster-walk.
text: He uses his chest muscles to swing his legs around the edge
text: of the boat. They dangle like pieces of rope, his feet white
text: and flaccid.
text: A towel, a bottle and a glass are wordlessly placed next to
text: him by a CREW PERSON. He pours himself a generous amount of
text: scotch and begins drinking.
scene_heading: ISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT 4
text: The same MAN is illuminated by the light of a single candle.
text: He is dancing, holding on tightly to a WOMAN.
dialog: 2.
text: Though the light is dim it is clear that he is clean shaven,
text: with his hair neatly trimmed.
text: Their connection is powerful and alive. They stop dancing,
text: overwhelmed with mutual desire.
text: He holds the WOMAN's face in his hands and KISSES it all
text: over, moving into a realm of feeling that is foreign to him.
text: He kisses her passionately on the mouth.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Oh, my dear...
text: His fingers run softly over the outside of her breasts. She
text: begins to undo the back of her dress and slips it down around
text: her ankles. Wearing only her tight corset she brings his
text: hands to the laces and together they undo it.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (whispering softly)
dialog: It's all right, darling. It's all
dialog: right.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MORNING
dialog: 5 5
text: OSCAR, a manservant, is carrying both a silver tray and a
text: pair of pants over his extended arm.
speaker_heading: A VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Oscar! Where the devil are you?
text: Deftly, Oscar opens the door to a spacious bedroom.
speaker_heading: OSCAR
dialog: My apologies, Mr. Roosevelt.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 6 6
text: There with his bare legs, muscular and lean, sporting black
text: socks held up with garters is FRANKLIN DELANO ROOSEVELT, 39.
text: He projects a natural elegance and the confidence of a man
dialog: who can have anything he wants.
dialog: Right now... he wants his pants.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I've been standing here for five minutes.
text: Oscar offers the tray to Franklin which bear cuff links and a
text: Tiffany watch which Franklin grabs.
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: OSCAR
dialog: Did you sleep well, sir?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Don't remember. That's good, isn't it?
speaker_heading: OSCAR
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Franklin takes his pants from Oscar and steps into them,
text: pulling the suspenders up and over his shoulders.
dialog: 7 7
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - MORNING
text: Striding into the dining room, Franklin lifts a silver lid
text: off a breakfast plate. He dismisses it and instead pours
text: himself a cup of coffee from a silver pot on the sideboard.
text: He overhears a voice from the nearby sitting room.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: I could not be more delighted to have
dialog: received your most charming letter.
dialog: It has been far too long since we last
dialog: corresponded. However, it is with
dialog: great reluctance I must decline your
dialog: kind speaking invitation...
dialog: 8
dialog: 8
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, 34, is dictating a letter. Her enormous
text: eyes, liquid and blue, reveal a woman of extraordinary
dialog: intelligence and depth.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Unfortunately, I would be of little
dialog: assistance to the Junior Assistance
dialog: League. Particularly if my purpose
dialog: were to appear as an alumna who is
dialog: gifted at public speaking.
text: She is dictating to LUCY MERCER, 27, deeply feminine with a
text: head of soft dark hair and an accommodating nature. She is
text: Eleanor's social secretary and closest friend.
text: She is also the WOMAN dancing with Franklin the night before.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: And what do you really want me to say?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Thank you and if you ask again I
dialog: shall scream?
dialog: 4.
text: They share a laugh -- which is not shared by the homely
text: rumpled mess of a man draped over a sofa in the corner.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Why don't you ask your husband for
dialog: some pointers? He's a pretty gifted
dialog: public speaker, don't you think?
text: LOUIS HOWE, 48, is a wizened man of limited stature and
dialog: unlimited soul. Franklin's political advisor extraordinaire --
text: part consiglieri and part priest. He is the mastermind behind
dialog: what he believes will be the greatest political career of the
dialog: twentieth century.
text: He gets up and leans in closely to Eleanor. A cigarette dangles
text: off his lip and the smoke rises up and curls in her face.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You should get out once in a while.
dialog: Accepting that invitation would be
dialog: good for Franklin's career.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Mr. Howe, wouldn't you be more
dialog: comfortable waiting for my husband
dialog: outside?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: In the street, Mrs. Roosevelt?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: If you like.
text: Eleanor smiles oh-so politely at Louis, as Franklin enters
text: from the dining room.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
text: I see it's not even eight a.m.
text: and already the gloves are off.
dialog: (kissing Eleanor on the
dialog: cheek)
dialog: Good morning, Babs. Hello, Miss
dialog: Mercer. L
speaker_heading: UCY
dialog: Good morning, sir.
text: Quickly, she lowers her eyes to her work.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: You're late. Honestly, why do you
dialog: enjoy keeping people waiting?
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Because they always seem more
dialog: grateful to see me when I arrive.
text: He leans in and kisses Eleanor on the cheek.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Have a lovely day, Babs.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Should I expect you for dinner?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I have the Navy reception this
dialog: evening. I'll be home quite late.
dialog: Unless you've changed your mind
dialog: about coming?
text: Louis looks up from his paper at Lucy who is writing
dialog: furiously.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Do you wish me to come?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Well... whatever you'd like.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Thank you, no.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Very well then.
dialog: (tipping his hat)
dialog: Good day, Miss Mercer.
text: Lucy nods and Franklin exits. Then Louis tips his hat to the
text: ladies and follows him out.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON, D.C. SIDEWALK - DAY
dialog: 9 9
text: A car pulls over and Franklin is first out, followed by
text: Louis, walking at a brisk pace as they cross the opposite
text: side of the street. Louis struggles to keep up while
text: consulting a small appointment book.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: At ten you've got a meeting with
dialog: representatives from Pittsburgh
dialog: Steel. Their bid on the ship
dialog: building contract has already been
dialog: turned in and is on your desk for
dialog: approval.
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What did I think of it?
text: An AFRICAN-AMERICAN man steps off the curb, letting Franklin
dialog: and Louis pass.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You had some problems with it.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I better read it. Steel workers
dialog: tend to vote democratic. Next.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: Lunch with Secretary Daniels.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Must I?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: He's your boss.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What if she'd said yes?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Who?
text: Louis shoots him a look that says "you know who."
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: People know. It's time to stop.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I can handle my own affairs, Louis.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Not this one. This is Washington,
dialog: D.C., not the Harvard Club.
dialog: (off-put by Franklin's
dialog: arrogance)
dialog: How can you be so cavalier?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You say that like it's a bad thing.
text: Louis takes a quick last drag on his cigarette and follows
text: him inside a building.
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT HALL - NIGHT
dialog: 10 10
text: A large grandfather clock reads 3:00.
text: The sound of a key in the front door turns and Franklin
text: quietly enters. His hair is a mess and his clothing is
text: slightly askew.
text: As he comes through the hall two eyes shine in the darkness.
text: They belong to Eleanor sitting rigidly on a settee, listening
text: to the sound of Franklin's footsteps going up the stairs.
dialog: 11 11
scene_heading: INT. UPPER LANDING - CONTINUING
text: Franklin goes into his bedroom. Eleanor quietly comes up the
text: stairs and stops for a brief moment by Franklin's door, then
text: goes off to her bedroom closing the door behind her.
scene_heading: INT. FRANKLIN'S BEDROOM - EARLY MORNING
dialog: 12 12
text: Franklin lays sleeping in his bed as Eleanor enters quietly
dialog: so as not to wake him.
text: Carefully she picks up a set of keys on the dresser then
text: turns and notices a packet of letters sitting on top of an
text: open duffle bag.
text: Tentatively she reaches for them. She brings the packet, tied
text: with a piece of ribbon, up to her nose. She is shocked by
text: their familiar scent.
text: With trembling hands she unties the ribbon. Tears flood down
text: her cheeks as she reads.
text: Franklin opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HYDE PARK - DAY
dialog: 13 13
text: Springwood is the three-story Roosevelt mansion. It is
text: surrounded by a thousand acres of forests, fields, bridal
text: paths and a glorious view of the Hudson River.
text: THE FIVE ROOSEVELT CHILDREN are screaming on the front lawn
text: playing a boisterous game of croquet.
scene_heading: INT. SPRINGWOOD - DINING ROOM - DAY
dialog: 14 14
text: SARA ROOSEVELT, 65, sits at the head of the table. She is one
dialog: for whom the expression "Grande Dame" was coined.
dialog: 8.
text: Franklin is at the opposite end of the table, looking pale.
text: Louis, as always, is by his side.
text: Eleanor, like a prisoner who has accepted her fate, sits
text: across from them, calm and composed.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I have offered Franklin his freedom.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: And I have accepted.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (to Eleanor)
dialog: His freedom is not yours to offer!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I am in love with Miss Mercer, Mama.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Lord save us from fools in love.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: Falling in love is out of the
dialog: question. Why do you think men have
dialog: mistresses? Duty. Duty to their
dialog: families and their careers.
text: Eleanor rises from the table.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Where do you think you're going?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: It's obvious that my input in this
dialog: matter is of little importance.
text: She begins to exit the room, but Franklin is up like a shot.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Babs!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Come back here! Both of you!
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY HALL - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 15 15
text: Franklin chases Eleanor. Midway up the stairs, she turns.
speaker_heading: E
speaker_heading: LEANOR
dialog: I don't know whether to hate you
dialog: or thank you.
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: For forcing me to face my life
text: honestly for the first time.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I didn't mean to hurt you, Babs.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: You never do. You live your life
dialog: skimming the surface... never aware
text: of the attachments beneath.
dialog: (finding her anger)
dialog: It must be a luxury.
text: She goes up the stairs without looking back.
dialog: 16 16
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Franklin slowly walks back into the room.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Divorce will finish your career in
dialog: politics. How do you intend to
dialog: support yourself?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: My trust fund.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Divorce Eleanor and there is no
dialog: trust fund.
text: Franklin turns away. He looks out the large picture window
text: and attempts to light a cigarette, but his hands shake.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We've come so far, boss. State
dialog: Assembly, Assistant Secretary of
dialog: the Navy -- all pages right out of
dialog: Cousin Teddy's play book. We're on
dialog: the road to the White House. Don't
dialog: do this.
text: Franklin sees his son, ELLIOT, 10, playing separately from
text: the rest of his siblings. Elliot looks up at his father as
text: Franklin bares his best politician's smile at him.
text: A ROAR begins to fill his ears. It becomes clearer that it is
text: the sound of a CROWD CHEERING.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CROWD NOISE (O.S.)
dialog: Rose-velt! Rose-velt! Rose-velt!
scene_heading: INT. DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION HALL - SAN FRANCISCO - NIGHT
dialog: 17 17
text: CONVENTIONEERS shout out Franklin's name holding up PLACARDS
dialog: emblazoned with:
scene_heading: "COX/ROOSEVELT IN '20!"
text: Franklin BOLTS, running vigorously down the center aisle of
text: the hall lit by the circle of a spotlight. The CROWD goes
dialog: wild over this unconventional entrance.
speaker_heading: W
text: hen he reaches the edge of the stage he LEAPS onto it. This
text: final act of daring pushes the crowd into frenzy.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - FRANKLIN
dialog: 18 18
text: Smiling for no one. For everyone.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: I humbly accept your nomination for
dialog: Vice-President!
text: The CROWD roars back in reaction to his less-than-humble stance.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: They say the best way to get rid of
dialog: a man is to have him run for Vice-
dialog: President.
dialog: (he holds for the laugh)
dialog: You might well have asked my cousin
dialog: Teddy if that's how they got rid
dialog: of him!
text: Franklin stands on the stage, the music rising, the crowd
text: cheering. Slowly, the sound of the convention fades to
dialog: something far more delicate...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. TEA ROOM - WASHINGTON, D.C. - AFTERNOON
dialog: 19 19
text: A harp playing in an elegant tea room. The hushed tones of
text: polite conversation wafts through the air.
text: Franklin sits with his cousin, ALICE ROOSEVELT, 36, daughter
dialog: of Teddy. Brilliant and acerbic, she would have had a career
dialog: in politics had she been born a man.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Of course you lost. A Roosevelt on
dialog: the democratic ticket? Our ancestors
text: are turning in their graves.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Cousin Alice, if Teddy were alive
dialog: he'd be a democrat -- and you know it.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Rubbish. But I do know one thing:
dialog: You're exactly like him. My father
dialog: was born wanting only one thing: to
dialog: be President.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: And what's wrong with that?
text: They both share a laugh.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Do you know what they're saying
dialog: about you?
text: Franklin's smile fades.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: No, but I'm sure you'll tell me.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: They say F.D.R. stands for
dialog: "featherduster." That you're a
text: lightweight. A dilettante with no
dialog: substance; no point of view.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Is that what you think?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You lead with your vanity. You
dialog: talk when you should listen.
dialog: Unless these are the qualities of
dialog: a democrat?
speaker_heading: F
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: The democratic party is the party
dialog: of the people. I am a man of the
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Darling, you're a Roosevelt. What
dialog: do you know about people?
dialog: 12.
text: She leans in conspiratorially.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Of course, I can think of one person
dialog: you did manage to find the time to
dialog: invest in. A Miss Mercer, I believe?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Alice, stop.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Don't misunderstand me, Franklin.
dialog: Being married to Eleanor I think
dialog: you deserved some fun. But you made
dialog: the right decision. Especially
dialog: since Miss Mercer has gone on with
dialog: her life.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Edward Rutherford is a wonderful
dialog: catch for a girl like her.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: She's married?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Last week. A small event, of course.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: When I last heard she was governess
dialog: to his children.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: And then love bloomed. As a "man of
dialog: the people," I wouldn't be too hard
dialog: on her, Franklin. We can't all have
dialog: trust funds you know.
scene_heading: EXT. STATEN ISLAND BOY SCOUT CAMP - DAY
dialog: 20 20
text: Franklin, Louis and a PHOTOGRAPHER disembark from a touring car.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We're not taking this defeat lying
dialog: down, boss. We'll run you for
dialog: Governor --
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (kidding)
dialog: Really? Of which state?
text: Louis shoots him a look.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Very funny. No, this buys you time.
dialog: It buys you experience.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What about Al Smith?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: He's vulnerable. You're still a
dialog: fresh face, boss. We'll use that to
dialog: our advantage.
text: They walk down a hill towards some waiting Boy Scouts as the
text: PHOTOGRAPHER follows them.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Boy Scouts, Louis? Hardly my
dialog: political base.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: They've got parents. Besides
dialog: they're photogenic.
text: Franklin begins glad-handing the assembled group of mostly
dialog: underprivileged children.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Franklin Roosevelt, happy to
dialog: meet you.
text: Franklin masks his thinly veiled discomfort with an
text: artificial good cheer. Meanwhile, Louis, in full political
dialog: mode, makes sure the L
dialog: Photographer gets everything.
speaker_heading: OUIS
dialog: Over here!
text: Franklin poses with two Scouts. The picture is taken.
speaker_heading: SCOUTMASTER
dialog: Okay, boys, lunch. Line up to wash!
dialog: (to Franklin)
dialog: Will you be joining us?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Of course!
dialog: 14.
text: Franklin steps into a line before a large communal water
text: barrel and glances sideways at GUISEPPE, 9, an immigrant
text: child of the city streets. He wears his uniform proudly and
text: smiles at Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What's your name, son?
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE
dialog: Guiseppe.
text: Franklin puts his arm around Guiseppe, forcing the moment
text: between them. He waits patiently as the cameras click away.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Guiseppe! Come sta, ragazzo?
speaker_heading: GUISEPPE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Okay, I guess.
text: The SCOUTS begin washing their hands together in the water
text: barrel and Franklin joins in as Louis looks on admiringly.
text: As Guiseppe splashes some of the water on his face, Franklin,
text: not to be outdone, does so as well. It's all for the cameras.
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOT - CAMPOBELLO ISLAND
scene_heading: EXT. ROOSEVELT SUMMER HOME - DAY
dialog: 21 21
text: A large but unpretentious house with a sweeping lawn that
text: looks out over the icy waters of the Bay of Fundy.
dialog: 22 22
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Eleanor sits quietly on the front porch knitting -- in a
dialog: world of her own.
text: A few feet away -- also in a world of his own -- sits Louis,
text: overdressed for summer in a three piece suit. An overflowing
text: ashtray is by his side and piles of newspaper lie at his
dialog: feet.
text: He holds up a paper to Eleanor with the photo of Franklin and
dialog: the Boy Scouts.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: He's a natural.
text: Eleanor gives it a cursory glance then looks out to where
text: Franklin and the children come bounding up the lawn.
dialog: 15.
text: Franklin and Elliot break out from the rest and begin racing
text: up the lawn. Franklin, no match for his son's speed, loses.
text: He doubles over, trying to catch his breath.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Vae victis! ("Woe to the
dialog: conquered!")
speaker_heading: C
text: aught up in his victory, Elliot doesn't see Franklin sneak
text: up behind him and tackle him to the ground.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Festina lente! ("Not so fast!")
text: One by one the other children all pile on top of Franklin and
dialog: Elliot.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Dinner is in one half-hour! Come in
dialog: and change, children!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Up! Up, chicks! You heard your
dialog: mother!
text: Everyone runs up the porch stairs and into the house except
dialog: Franklin.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Go wash up.
text: Utterly spent, Franklin lays on the grass, not moving.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Hey, boss! Are you all right?
text: Slowly, Franklin gets up and walks with great effort up the
text: porch stairs.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I'm fine.
dialog: (re: her knitting)
dialog: Oh, that's pretty, Babs.
text: He puts his hand on Eleanor's shoulder and leans in to buss
text: her cheek but Eleanor quickly stands.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I must check on dinner.
text: There is a cursory formality to her words and little warmth.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Very well.
text: She goes into the house. Louis then hands Franklin letters.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Tired?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Of you? Never.
text: Wearily, he sorts through the envelopes.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Why don't you nap before dinner?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Yes, dear.
text: Franklin heads into the house leaning heavily against the
text: screen door struggling for control.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUN ROOM - DAY
dialog: 23 23
text: Franklin lays on a chaise being examined by a DOCTOR, who
text: leans over him holding out his hand.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Can you take my hand?
text: Franklin tries, but can't. Almost his entire body is
text: paralyzed. He can only breathe and blink.
text: The Doctor glances at Eleanor, Louis and Sara indicating they
dialog: should follow him out.
scene_heading: EXT. SCREENED PORCH - DAY
dialog: 24 24
text: As the door from the sun room opens onto the porch, Elliot is
text: there waiting. Seeing them coming, he dashes off into the
dialog: yard so as not to be seen as Eleanor, Louis, Sara and the
text: Doctor enter.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: He has Infantile Paralysis. Polio.
text: Sara sinks into a chair.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I knew it. I knew it.
speaker_heading: D
dialog: (
speaker_heading: D
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I
dialog: thought it only struck children.
speaker_heading: OCTOR
dialog: Not necessarily.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: How did he get it?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Some experts believe it is linked
dialog: to contaminated water. But that
dialog: theory is speculative at best.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It was the visit to that god damned
dialog: Boy Scout Camp!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: In all honesty you need to be
text: looking forward, not back.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: What is the prognosis?
speaker_heading: DR. LOVETT
text: The damage to his leg muscles is
dialog: extensive. I suspect he will be
text: paralyzed from the waist down.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Dear God.
dialog: beat)
dialog: And the children?
speaker_heading: DR. LOVETT
dialog: If they don't have any symptoms by
dialog: now then they have been spared.
text: Sara stands -- her bearing once again erect and proud.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Then we must count our blessings.
speaker_heading: R. LOVETT
dialog: You will need to prepare yourselves.
text: There is a deep depression that
dialog: follows an illness of this magnitude.
dialog: I'm afraid life as he knew it is over.
text: Their discussion is suddenly interrupted by the sound of a
text: child crying. Eleanor rushes off the porch to the bushes.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSHES - CONTINUING
dialog: 25 25
text: Eleanor finds Elliot, having heard everything, curled up in a
text: ball, weeping. She leans down and wraps her arms around him.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - WEEKS LATER
dialog: 26 26
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP - WALLPAPER
text: A pink background covered in small white flowers with red
text: centers and green leaves. There is a seam in the paper. A
text: tiny white spot where glue has soaked through.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL - Franklin in bed.
text: This is all he stares at -- hour after hour after hour.
text: His lips are dry.
text: A glass of water sits tantalizingly on the night stand. He
text: reaches for it but it's a few inches out of his reach.
text: Slowly, he begins to rock his torso back and forth.
scene_heading: INT. HYDE PARK - PARLOR - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 27 27
text: Sara, Eleanor and Louis are in heated conversation.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Now that politics are out of the
dialog: question he can stay here at home
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: But what kind of life is that?
speaker_heading: OUIS
dialog: I've rented him an office downtown.
dialog: He can still practice law.
speaker_heading: S
speaker_heading: ARA
dialog: Why would you want to do that?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Because he needs it.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: He can pursue a career, Mama.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: A man as proud and vital as
dialog: Franklin... you're inviting him to
dialog: be hurt.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 19.
dialog: And you, Mr. RA(cont'd)
dialog: SA Howe, engaged in the
dialog: fantasy of a political future for
dialog: my son... is there nothing you
dialog: won't do to keep your job?
text: Sara leaves as Eleanor goes after her.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Mama! That's not fair!
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 28 28
text: Franklin, still rocking his torso, has now gained some
text: momentum, managing to have moved just a few inches.
scene_heading: INT. SUN ROOM - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 29 29
text: Sara busies herself arranging flowers.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What kind of life is it to be
dialog: pitied and stared at?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: What kind of life is it to be
dialog: hidden away? I know you believe
dialog: that what you are suggesting for
dialog: Franklin is best. But I think you
dialog: are making it harder for him.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I think I know what's best for
dialog: Franklin. I am his mother!
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: And I am his wife.
text: Sara stares at Eleanor in disbelief. Eleanor stares back --
text: unflinching.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 30 30
text: Franklin reaches his arm towards the glass only to fall from
text: the bed to the floor with a thud. Frustrated beyond words,
text: Franklin lunges at his wheelchair and shoves it across the
text: floor letting out an anguished cry.
text: In agony, from both the pain and the humiliation, he stares
text: up and fixes his gaze on the ornate ceiling overhead.
text: Then, closing his eyes, a POUNDING in his head starts to get
dialog: louder and louder --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT. BOAT - DAY - BACK TO PRESENT
dialog: 31 31
text: Franklin, on his back, his face and body drenched with sweat,
text: is asleep in his bunk in the boat. He awakens to the sound of
text: the POUNDING. Voices are calling him accompanied by FISTS
text: smashing at the door. He opens his eyes and is disoriented.
text: He tries to sit up -- momentarily forgetting that he can't.
speaker_heading: H
text: e lifts the sheet and visibly WINCES in disgust at the sight
text: of his crippled legs. BONES covered by FLESH with barely an
text: ounce of muscle.
text: Finally the door BURSTS open. Two young crewman, EUGENE and
text: STANLEY enter.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Mr. Roosevelt, we got a storm
dialog: comin'!
text: He lifts Franklin over his shoulder. Stanley grabs clothes and
text: pulls a set of long iron leg braces from a hook off the wall.
text: Eugene grabs a bucket and holds Franklin up to urinate.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (while peeing)
dialog: Leave me here. Let the ocean
dialog: swallow me up. Burial at sea.
dialog: Perfect for a navy man.
text: Stripped to his underwear Franklin is laid across the bunk.
text: Eugene kneels and puts on Franklin's socks and shoes. Then he
text: and Stanley slide on his braces and pants.
text: Their hands zipper, clasp, buckle and tie. Each hand works in
text: synchronicity with the other.
text: Clumsily they lift Franklin up, struggling under his weight.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT - DAY
dialog: 32 32
text: Eugene and Stanley carry Franklin off in the driving rain.
scene_heading: INT. DINER OFF THE FLORIDA COAST - DAY
dialog: 33 33
text: Kerosene lamps light the diner which is filled with people,
text: mostly fishermen, seeking refuge from the coming storm.
text: Franklin, soaked-to-the-skin and wrapped in a blanket, is
text: being pushed through the door by Eugene in a wheelchair.
text: The restaurant collectively pauses to take them.
dialog: 21.
text: Franklin is slowly wheeled across the restaurant. He shrinks
text: from the stares of the patrons.
text: A LITTLE GIRL eating with her parents gets excited when she
text: sees Franklin's braces and points. Franklin gives her a hard
text: look and she is hurt.
text: What he can't see is that under the table she wears a set of
text: braces like his.
text: Franklin is wheeled up to his table and EUGENE and STANLEY sit
text: down with him.
text: Louis enters resembling a drowned rat. He rips off his hat
text: and raincoat and puts down his suitcase.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (genuinely surprised)
dialog: Louis?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I never miss Florida in the rainy
dialog: season.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: No letter? No wire?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Why? Would you have answered it?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What the hell are you doing here?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Good to see you too. Nice whiskers.
dialog: You look like Chester Arthur.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Stanley, this is Mr. Howe. He gets
text: sea-sick at the mere sight of a
dialog: boat so he's probably happy that
dialog: it's being Ldestroyed right now.
speaker_heading: OUIS
dialog: Boys, I need to talk to Mr. Roosevelt
dialog: alone. Find your own breakfast. Here's
dialog: a five spot. Make it a feast.
text: They look at the money and take their leave.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You're always so generous with my
dialog: money.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You mean your mother's, don't you?
text: The Waitress puts down two cups of coffee. Franklin pulls out
text: a flask and pours some into his cup. He then lights a
text: cigarette and begins smoking, but doesn't offer one to Louis.
text: Without asking, Louis helps himself.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: So Mama financed this fool's
dialog: errand, has she? Well, it's a waste
dialog: of a trip.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It was Eleanor's idea.
text: Franklin's face is immobile.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: What can I get you?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I'd like some ham and eggs, sunny
dialog: side up, please?
dialog: (to Franklin)
dialog: What's your fancy, boss?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Nothing. I fancy nothing.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: He'll have the same.
text: The Waitress grabs their menus and scurries away. Louis opens
text: his briefcase and hands Franklin a stack of mail. Franklin
text: glances it, but doesn't open any.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: There are a few from your children.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I can still read.
text: Franklin flips through the mail and finds a letter that
text: interests him, opening it.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Your wife wants you to come home.
dialog: (choosing his words)
dialog: She's concerned. I'm concerned.
dialog: This life on a boat... where is it
dialog: getting you?
dialog: (
speaker_heading: F
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Getting me? For one thing, no one
dialog: gets to see me and I don't get to
dialog: see them.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Don't say that. Everyone's waiting
dialog: for you to come home. The kids...
dialog: they're aching to see you.
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Really?
text: Louis looks sadly at his friend.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: skimming the letter)
dialog: From George Foster Peabody. He owns
dialog: a resort in rural Georgia for
dialog: investment purposes. Hot springs or
dialog: something. He claims that only
text: recently a crippled boy swam in the
dialog: waters and can walk again.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Oh, for Chrissake...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "
dialog: The high magnesium content of
dialog: these natural springs will hold
dialog: anyone up. Although it is not a
dialog: resort for infirm types I am
dialog: extending you my personal
dialog: invitation to come visit in the off-
dialog: season."
dialog: (putting the letter aside)
dialog: I'm only welcome in the "off-
dialog: season."
text: Eugene and Stanley approach the table.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Mr. Roosevelt, we got bad news.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: F
speaker_heading: F
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: It's the boat... it got banged up
dialog: real bad tied to the dock.
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: How bad?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I don't think you can stay there
dialog: anymore.
text: ranklin absorbs this.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Maybe it's a blessing in disguise,
dialog: Mr. Roosevelt. I don't know about
dialog: you, but I'm homesick.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: And I'm sick of home.
dialog: (to Louis)
dialog: Where's the letter from Peabody?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You can't be serious?
text: He hands Franklin the letter who rereads it.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Why not miracle waters? I've drunk
dialog: the oil of monkey glands, been
text: zapped with electricity and hung
text: upside down in harnesses. After all
dialog: that, this sounds downright
dialog: peaceful.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I can't quite picture you in the
dialog: back woods of Georgia.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Where do you picture me, Louis?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: President, Louis? I can't visit the
dialog: bathroom without a team of
dialog: associates to help pull my pants
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: E
speaker_heading: F
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Give it a little time.
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: There's a reason they say a man
dialog: runs for office.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I'm going to Georgia.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. A TRAIN CAR - DAY
dialog: 34 34
text: Franklin and Eleanor sit next to one another. Franklin is now
text: shaved and cleaned up considerably.
text: However, the tension between them is palpable. Eleanor knits
text: furiously while talking. Franklin looks out the window at
text: African-American FIELD HANDS hard at work in the red clay
dialog: hills of Georgia.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: James has been doing so much better
text: now that Elliot has joined him at
dialog: Groton. They've put their
dialog: differences behind them and have
dialog: become a real team.
text: Franklin observes two YOUNG BOYS, African-American, running
text: alongside the slow-moving train.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
text: Two peas in a pod. Last week they
dialog: were both in the infirmary with the
dialog: F same cold.
text: ranklin eyes a wagon pulled by a mule. The driver, a FARMER,
text: takes off his hat and wipes his brow in the hot sun.
speaker_heading: LEANOR
dialog: Meanwhile, any suggestion I make to
dialog: Anna for her future -- she
dialog: dismisses me. I am going to have to
dialog: enlist your support in this,
dialog: Franklin. She listens to you.
text: She looks over at Franklin and sees that he is staring out the
text: window, deep in thought -- not having heard a word she's said.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: EXT. BULLOCHVILLE TRAIN STATION - GEORGIA - DAY
dialog: 35 35
text: TOM LOYLESS, 39, stands waiting by a car dressed in a white
text: suit. Laconic, with a dry sense of humor, Tom is a man of few
text: words whose poker face hides a true desperation. He holds a
text: telegram from Franklin in his hand.
text: As the train pulls in Tom looks for Franklin among the
text: passengers making their exit.
text: There are two different exits on the platform clearly marked
text: WHITE and COLORED. Whites exit from the front of the train
text: and Blacks from the rear.
text: LIONEL PURDY, tiny, and dressed in a mailman's uniform,
text: approaches Tom. Of indeterminate age and dubious intellect,
text: his mail bag is almost as big as he is.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Someone important?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You might say so, Lionel.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: A Mr. Roosevelt.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Teddy?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: No, he's dead.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Oh.
text: The STATIONMASTER approaches.
speaker_heading: STATIONMASTER
dialog: Tom, your guest needs some
dialog: assistance. We're gonna need some
text: able-bodied men to move him.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Lionel)
dialog: Go over to the livery stable...
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: ... and get the Collier boys.
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: EXT. A TRAIN CAR - DAY
dialog: 36 36
text: Franklin exits the train slung in a fireman's carry over the
text: shoulder of ROY COLLIER, African-American, 29. His brother
text: PETE, 27, is close behind, carrying luggage -- both hover at
dialog: around 6' 4".
text: Tom approaches. Franklin attempts to hide his embarrassment
dialog: with good cheer.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Hello! Hello! Mr. Loyless?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Tom, Mr. Roosevelt.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Then you'd better call me Franklin.
text: Still in the fireman's carry, Franklin extends his hand for
dialog: Tom to shake.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: And this is the Misses.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Call me Eleanor.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Pleased to make your acquaintance.
text: Roy then carries him over to Tom's car and gingerly places
text: him inside. Pete follows.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: (to Tom)
text: There's a trunk and a chair with
dialog: the wheels, too.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'll send a wagon right over.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: We got a wagon, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. A COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
dialog: 37 37
text: Tom drives Franklin in front, Eleanor sits in the back.
dialog: 28.
text: Pine trees tower over the sides of the dirt road. In
text: occasional clearings, Franklin spies barefoot children
text: playing out in front of broken-down shacks. They stop their
text: play to look at the car.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (covering his discomfort)
dialog: Beautiful country.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: How long have you been manager of
dialog: the Inn?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Not long.
text: They BANG over a large pothole. They all fly up and land hard.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Got any paved roads?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No we don't.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MERIWETHER INN - DAY
dialog: 38 38
text: Tom's car turns into a driveway. Franklin has a brochure for
text: "The Meriwether Inn" opened in his lap. He tries to spy the
text: building through the trees but cannot.
text: He looks back at the brochure. The picture is of a lavish
dialog: Victorian Hotel and the words, "Our renowned mineral hot
dialog: springs can cure whatever ails you!"
text: Franklin looks up and sees a three-story hideous green and
text: yellow monstrosity leaning slightly to one side. Paint is
text: peeling everywhere. What once were flower beds are overgrown
dialog: with weeds.
text: The car pulls to a stop.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You'll have a great deal of
dialog: privacy. There are only a few
dialog: guests right now as it's the off-
dialog: season... I'm hoping to make some
dialog: improvements by next Spring --
text: Franklin puts out his arm preventing Tom from getting out of
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: F
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: I... I can't stay here. This place
text: is a wreck.
speaker_heading: E
speaker_heading: LEANOR
dialog: Franklin!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Look on the bright side. Most of
dialog: your time will be spent in the
dialog: water.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: It's true, we've fallen on some
dialog: hard times...
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: Hard times? This is a disaster! It
dialog: should be condemned!
text: Tom's southern manners are being put to the test, but he
text: stays remarkably calm.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes, we've seen better days.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But then I imagine so have you.
text: Franklin blinks incomprehensibly at Tom and what he has just
dialog: said.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'm happy to drive you back to the
dialog: train station right now, if that's
dialog: what you want.
text: They lock eyes. Franklin wonders if Tom's bluffing, but he
dialog: can't tell.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (in a low voice)
dialog: Fire. I'm frightened of fire. I
dialog: can't get out if I'm upstairs.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We've got options.
scene_heading: EXT. MERIWETHER INN GROUNDS - DAY
dialog: 39 39
text: Tom's car is now parked in front of a group of small
text: cottages. Roy and Pete's horse drawn wagon is behind it.
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - DAY
dialog: 40 40
text: Tom and Pete open a set of shutters over the windows of a
text: tiny cottage.
text: Franklin and Eleanor sit in the car, watching.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - DAY
dialog: 41 41
text: Sheets cover the furniture, cobwebs span the beams and dust
text: particles fill the air.
text: As Tom maneuvers the wheelchair through the front door,
text: Franklin notices a broken window.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (caustic)
dialog: Well ventilated, at least.
text: Roy enters with a suitcase.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Where do you want this, Mr.
dialog: Roosevelt?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: The bedroom, Roy, thank you.
text: He looks after Roy as he exits.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Tom, this young man appears quite
dialog: competent. Would you ask him if
dialog: he'd like to stay on as my valet?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (politely)
dialog: Why don't you ask him yourself?
text: He tips his hat and goes outside.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - DAY
dialog: 42 42
text: Pete, alone, drives the wagon past the Inn and out onto the
dialog: road.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - DAY
dialog: 43 43
text: Eleanor stands in the middle of the tiny living room stunned
text: by the squalor. She speaks to Franklin who is changing in the
dialog: other room.
speaker_heading: T
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: This is madness.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (O.S.)
dialog: No doubt.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Tell me again, Franklin, why are we
dialog: here?
text: Franklin is wheeled out by Roy, now changed into a bathing
dialog: suit.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: For the waters. Are you coming?
scene_heading: EXT. A DIRT PATH - DAY
speaker_heading: 44 44
text: Roy wheels Franklin while Tom walks in front of them leading
dialog: the way.
speaker_heading: OM
dialog: Mrs. Roosevelt want to swim?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
text: Mrs. Roosevelt doesn't know how.
text: Franklin takes in the surroundings. Deserted horse stables in
text: total ruin and tennis courts covered with underbrush mar the
dialog: landscape.
speaker_heading: 45 45
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - DAY
text: An immense, T-shaped pool rimmed in concrete. The bluish
text: water is clear and sparkling and a delicate steam rises out
dialog: of the warmth.
dialog: A
text: MOTHER, eyeing Franklin approaching in his wheelchair,
text: comes to the edge of the pool and coaxes her CHILDREN out of
dialog: the water.
text: AUNT SALLY, an ancient, gaunt, African American woman, stands
text: guard by the edge of the water.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Mr. Roosevelt, I'd like you to meet
dialog: Aunt Sally.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Aunt Sally.
speaker_heading: AUNT SALLY
dialog: Good day, sir. I have towels for you.
dialog: 32.
text: Roy wheels Franklin as close to the rim of the pool as
text: possible. Tom lends his assistance and both he and Roy HOIST
text: Franklin out of the chair and place him at the edge, letting
text: his feet dangle in the warm water.
text: Twisting on his massive arms, Franklin lowers himself cautiously.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Now give it a minute. You'll see
dialog: that the mineralization makes the
text: water more buoyant. The crippled
dialog: boy who swam here was actually able
dialog: to walk in the water.
text: Franklin's legs flop as his useless feet touch the shallow
text: bottom. Crushed, all hope drains from his face.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I can't even stand.
speaker_heading: AUNT SALLY
dialog: Well, not yet.
scene_heading: EXT. CABIN - NIGHT
dialog: 46 46
text: Roy sleeps on a couch on the front porch. Crickets hum.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - CONTINUING
dialog: 47 47
text: Eleanor tosses and turns on a roll away bed.
speaker_heading: 48 48
scene_heading: INT. CABIN BEDROOM - CONTINUING
text: Franklin lies in bed staring up at the ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. MERIWETHER INN - DINING ROOM - DAY
dialog: 49 49
text: A handful of guests are spread out in a huge dining room.
text: Franklin and Eleanor sit together. He is eating heartily, but
text: Eleanor merely moves her food around.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: This is simply revolting.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It's not very good, but it is
dialog: mysterious.
dialog: (holding out his plate)
dialog: What in the world do you think
dialog: they've poured over this chicken?
dialog: Or is it possum?
text: Eleanor sizes Franklin up. She knows this is a preamble.
speaker_heading: H
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: You want to stay.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: New York has the best doctors and
dialog: hospitals in the country.
speaker_heading: F
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: I need something new.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: This isn't about getting better is
dialog: it? You don't want to come home.
dialog: You don't want to live with us.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I refuse to be a burden to anyone.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: You're not a burden, you're my
dialog: husband.
text: e reaches out and takes her hand in his.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I want to offer you the freedom you
dialog: once so generously offered me.
dialog: (she pulls it away)
dialog: All you've ever known is duty. To
dialog: me and to a political career that
dialog: unless I can walk no longer exists.
dialog: You've been exemplary. Now I'm
dialog: telling you you're free to go.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (her voice rising)
dialog: No.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I don't want freedom. I want a
dialog: marriage. I want a life with you.
text: Franklin won't let himself believe it.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I can't imagine what you think that
dialog: life is going to be.
text: This takes the wind out of Eleanor.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Oh Franklin... it's not up to me to
dialog: imagine, it's up to you.
text: Eleanor folds her napkin and gets up from the table.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE DRIVEWAY - DAY
speaker_heading: 50 50
text: Pete helps Eleanor into his livery wagon.
text: Franklin watches from the porch as Eleanor rides away. Her
text: suitcase slides across the open wagon bed, as the wagon makes
text: the tight turn from the driveway onto the main road.
speaker_heading: ON ELEANOR
text: Looking out -- straight ahead.
speaker_heading: ON FRANKLIN
text: Alone and scared as he watches the wagon fade from sight.
dialog: 51 51
scene_heading: INT. HYDE PARK - DAY
text: Eleanor is pouring tea for Louis, who is seated.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Thank you for stopping by, Mr. Howe.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I thought you might want to see a
text: friendly face.
dialog: (off the silence)
dialog: So how's our boy doing?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Well, he's enjoying the waters very
dialog: much. He...
dialog: (suddenly overwhelmed)
dialog: I think we've lost him.
text: Her pent-up tears burst in a free-flow. Louis leads her to a
text: nearby settee and hands her his handkerchief.
speaker_heading: E
speaker_heading: LEANOR
dialog: Please excuse me, Mr. Howe.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Don't you think it's time you
dialog: called me Louis?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Louis.
speaker_heading: E
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Maybe we've been going about this
dialog: all wrong. He's down there to be
dialog: alone so let's give him what he
dialog: wants. We change our focus.
speaker_heading: LEANOR
dialog: To what?
text: Louis smiles, knowingly.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: To you.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGES - SUNSET
dialog: 52 52
text: The row of abandoned cottages look strangely pretty, aglow in
text: the setting sun.
dialog: 53 53
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: Franklin is seated on the ramshackle porch in his chair. His
text: cigarette hangs from his lip as he mixes martinis in a glass
text: milk bottle. He pours one for Tom, then himself.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: To your mineral pool, or whatever
dialog: you call it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Warm Springs.
text: They clink their glasses. Tom takes a polite sip, then chokes
dialog: back the bad taste.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Too strong?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Haven't been in a drinking mood lately.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I have.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Actually, its the most god-awful
dialog: martini I've ever tasted.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Are you always this direct, Tom?
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, I never tasted a martini this
dialog: bad before.
text: Franklin takes another sip, checking. It tastes fine to him.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: Everyone likes my martinis...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: So they say.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - MORNING
dialog: 54 54
text: Franklin's bed is already empty.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - MORNING
dialog: 55 55
text: Aunt Sally is seated, talking with Roy while Franklin lies on
text: his back in the water, swimming. All his movement comes from
text: his shoulders and arms. The morning sun streams down on him.
text: Tom sits off to one side reading the newspaper.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Tell me more about what that boy
dialog: did, Aunt Sally.
speaker_heading: AUNT SALLY
dialog: Well, first he'd always swim over
text: to the side of the pool and hold
dialog: himself there -- make sure he
dialog: righted himself. Then... before he
dialog: knew it... he'd be standing.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: If it was only that easy.
speaker_heading: AUNT SALLY
dialog: Well, you make it hard. Get over to
text: the side of that pool and grab it.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (
dialog: humoring her)
dialog: Yes, ma'am.
speaker_heading: AUNT SALLY
dialog: Now you got to remember how you did
dialog: it.
text: Franklin holds the edge of the pool, closing his eyes.
speaker_heading: F
dialog: 37.
text: For a long moment there is silence. Almost without realizing
text: it, Franklin lets go of the edge of the pool.
text: When he opens his eyes -- he is standing -- all by himself in
dialog: the water.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (a nervous laugh)
dialog: I'm standing.
text: His laughter gets stronger. Tom, Aunt Sally and Roy look on.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I'm standing.
text: The release is powerful as Franklin dissolves into tears.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE PORCH - EVENING
dialog: 56 56
text: Tom, who's been mixing cocktails, hands Franklin a drink and
text: lifts his glass.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: To standing on your own two feet!
text: They clink and drink.
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: This water could be the cure -- the
dialog: cure! In six months I could be up
dialog: and walking!
text: Lionel, the mailman, comes down the path carrying a
text: flashlight, reading an open letter.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Evening folks.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Cocktail, Lionel?
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: I can't. I'm working for the
dialog: federal government.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: All the more reason.
dialog: (shoving a drink at him)
dialog: Sort of late for the mail, isn't it?
speaker_heading: F
speaker_heading: L
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Not for me it isn't. Got a whole
dialog: packet of clippings for you, Mr.
dialog: Roosevelt. From a Mr. Howe. New
dialog: York Times, Journal-American...
dialog: don't know what else.
text: He hands an already opened letter to Franklin.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Your mother wants to know when
dialog: you're coming home. She says they
dialog: got swimming pools in Hyde Park.
dialog: She's mad as all hell.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Reading other people's mail is not
dialog: only impolite, it's illegal.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Sheriff don't mind. He likes I read
dialog: his mail. Saves him the time. Plus
dialog: a lot of folks around here can't
dialog: read, so it's more a public
dialog: service, really.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Astonishing. Thank you, Lionel.
text: He hands Lionel a letter.
speaker_heading: IONEL
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Miss Missy LeHand." Who's she?
speaker_heading: F
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: If you must know, she's my social
dialog: secretary.
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: I'm having her come down.
text: Lionel reaches into his bag.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Almost forgot... your wife wrote
dialog: the nicest letter. She's gonna make
dialog: a speech at the League of Women
dialog: Voters.
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: Give me that.
dialog: (
dialog: 39.
text: He hands the letter to Franklin who immediately begins
dialog: reading.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: Says she's gonna keep the Roosevelt
text: name alive. Least till he starts
dialog: walkin' and all.
text: Lionel takes the letter Franklin just handed him, opens it,
text: flicks his flashlight back on and continues on his way.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (studying the letter)
dialog: This is so unlike Eleanor. She's
text: terrified of crowds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 57 57
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Louis and Eleanor approach a set of double doors.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: We are facing imminent disaster.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I take full responsibility if you
text: hyperventilate or faint.
text: They enter the room.
scene_heading: INT. MEETING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: 58 58
text: At a lectern, behind which a banner reads "LEAGUE OF WOMEN
text: VOTERS," the CHAIRWOMAN sees them and waves them forward.
speaker_heading: CHAIRWOMAN
dialog: Ah, here she is now. Ladies, Mrs.
dialog: Franklin Roosevelt.
text: A small crowd of about two dozen women offer up polite, but
text: scant applause for Eleanor.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Good afternoon. I am so pleased to
dialog: be invited here today.
text: looking down at her
dialog: cards)
dialog: Too often....
text: A PHOTOGRAPHER snaps a picture which throws Eleanor off.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Too often...
text: She stops. The pause is deadly. Louis looks ready to jump out
text: a window. Eleanor continues, her voice still pitched too high.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Too often the great decisions are
dialog: originated and given form in bodies
dialog: made up wholly of men...
text: Slowly, she begins to find her voice.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: So that whatever political value
dialog: women have to offer is shunted
dialog: aside... without expression.
speaker_heading: T
dialog: his is a mistake.
text: She looks up from her cards and stares at the audience...
text: and for the first time speaks spontaneously.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I think this might be the reason I
dialog: am having such a difficult time
dialog: giving voice to my own thoughts
dialog: here today.
text: The immediacy of her self-effacing comment charms the room.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I'm reminded of what someone once
dialog: said about looking at an elephant.
dialog: That it is impossible to ever see
dialog: an entire elephant from one place --
dialog: you must walk around it. If our
dialog: elected leaders are to be truly
dialog: effective then they must be willing
dialog: to go out of their way to look
text: beyond what is right in front of
text: them. To see the entire elephant.
dialog: And for that... they need our help.
text: The ladies applaud her, much to her relief. Louis beams.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: At a reception following the speech, Eleanor and the
text: Chairwoman are drinking tea.
speaker_heading: F
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CHAIRWOMAN
dialog: That was so moving, Mrs. Roosevelt.
dialog: The Child Welfare Amendment could
dialog: use someone with your passion. You
dialog: must consider being our
dialog: spokesperson.
text: Eleanor looks to Louis who nods.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Oh. It would be an honor.
speaker_heading: CHAIRWOMAN
dialog: Wonderful.
dialog: 59 59
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - DAY
text: Franklin is attempting to walk in the water, working
text: diligently. Tom watches him from a few paces back.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Morning.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I walked five steps today!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Congratulations. Listen, Franklin,
dialog: I got word a local reporter wants
dialog: to do a story on you.
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: I'm hardly newsworthy these days.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: How did he find out I'm here?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Small town -- word gets out. It
dialog: probably won't amount to more than
dialog: a provincial puff piece but it
dialog: might give us some free publicity
dialog: for the Inn.
text: Franklin looks at Tom knowing full well he's arranged this.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: All right, I know the gentleman.
dialog: I'm doing him a favor. You know, I
dialog: used to be a journalist.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Do you mean all this time I've been
dialog: talking to a newspaper man?
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Not anymore. I got in a bit of
dialog: trouble in Atlanta. Seems some of
dialog: the editorial pieces I wrote
dialog: offended the sensibilities of a
dialog: local civic group. So I needed to
dialog: lay low for a while.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You mean the Klan? Good God, Tom...
speaker_heading: T
speaker_heading: OM
dialog: Thankfully, Mr. George Foster
dialog: Peabody gave me this job...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Well, that explains a few things.
dialog: For the life of me, I couldn't
dialog: figure out why someone like you was
dialog: running this --
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Rat-trap?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (laughing, swimming off)
dialog: I was going to say dump, but rat-
text: trap fits nicely.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANKLIN'S COTTAGE - FRONT PORCH - DAY
dialog: 60 60
text: Franklin is seated -- but not in his wheelchair. He wears
text: long pants even though it's blisteringly hot.
text: CLEBURNE GREGORY, 28, sits across from Franklin -- a second
text: string reporter in a three-piece suit.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Now in 1920 when you were running
dialog: for Vice-President...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I can't imagine your readers are
dialog: interested in ancient history. Cox
dialog: and I lost the election by a wide
dialog: margin.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It was only a few years ago, Mr.
dialog: Roosevelt...
speaker_heading: H
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Now it's the waters extra minerals
dialog: plus its warmth that makes all the
dialog: difference. At 90 degrees I can
dialog: work my muscles for hours and not
dialog: get cold.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: As Assistant Secretary of the Navy
dialog: during the Great War did you
dialog: condone the use of...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I forgot one more thing you will
dialog: need to write down. Poor
dialog: circulation is a chronic problem
dialog: for people in my condition.
text: Gregory looks at Franklin. It's clear he's not going to get
dialog: the interview he came for.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: So... you think it could be a cure?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: But you're hopeful?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Yes. I am.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - NIGHT
dialog: 61 61
text: Franklin is laid out on the bed as Roy slides the braces off
text: his legs. Roy unlaces his shoes and slips them off his feet.
text: e is about to put them under the bed when Franklin motions
dialog: for Roy to hand them to him.
text: Still flat on his back, Franklin luxuriates in the rich
text: leather cobbled by hand. He examines their smooth, immaculate
dialog: soles... worn but never walked in.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - MORNING
dialog: 62 62
text: A newspaper clipping of Eleanor in her speech to the League
text: is taped to the wall.
text: We hear the sound of an Underwood typewriter clacking away
text: and Franklin's voice, dictating.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Therefore, a formal questionnaire
dialog: should be composed in order so we
dialog: may hear from all recent delegates
dialog: as to how we can do better in '28 to
dialog: present a more united front. Signed,
dialog: Franklin Roosevelt, etc., etc.
text: MISSY LE HAND, 30, is sitting at a card table, typing.
text: Brunette with some early gray, she is sturdy in build with a
text: plain but friendly face.
speaker_heading: MISSY
dialog: Very good. Do you want this out
dialog: today? F
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: Tomorrow will be fine.
speaker_heading: MISSY
dialog: Alright.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Thank you, Missy, and c.c. that to
dialog: Louis.
text: Missy rises with a stack of envelopes and heads out.
text: Roy enters with a plate of pancakes in front of Franklin.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Hungry, Mr. Roosevelt?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Who do you write to every morning?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Different people I knew in
dialog: politics. Just in case they ever
dialog: want me back.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: So you'll be ready when you get
dialog: your legs workin' again?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Exactly.
dialog: 45.
text: There is a knock at the screen door. An earnest young man,
text: BENJAMIN PRENDERGAST, 18, is peering in. He has a newspaper.
speaker_heading: PRENDERGAST
dialog: Excuse me, are you Mr. Roosevelt?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Yes. Who are you?
text: Roy opens the door to Prendergast, who enters.
speaker_heading: PRENDERGAST
dialog: My name is Benjamin Prendergast.
dialog: I've come to see if you could speak
dialog: at this year's graduation ceremony
dialog: at the schoolhouse. You being so
dialog: famous and all.
text: Prendergast unfolds the newspaper. There is a picture of
text: Franklin under the heading "FRANKLIN ROOSEVELT SWIMS HIS WAY
dialog: TO HEALTH!"
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I'll be damned.
speaker_heading: PRENDERGAST
dialog: Would you be available?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: When? Next spring?
speaker_heading: PRENDERGAST
dialog: Next week. We only have a four
dialog: month school year.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: How is that possible?
speaker_heading: PRENDERGAST
dialog: Tax dollars only cover that much.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Are you graduating?
speaker_heading: PRENDERGAST
dialog: No, sir. I'm the principal.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I see.
text: But Franklin doesn't see.
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOLHOUSE - DAY
dialog: 63 63
text: A small breeze or a decent rain would knock it to the ground.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOLROOM - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 64 64
text: A bookshelf with four books.
text: A few FARMERS and their WIVES sit with large groups of filthy
text: children. They look at Franklin askance.
text: Prendergast stands proudly beside three GRADUATES-TO-BE.
text: Tom stands in the back observing.
text: Franklin, in his wheelchair, sits uncomfortably before the
text: gathering. He notices a FATHER staring at his legs.
speaker_heading: PRENDERGAST
dialog: Now that we're all here let me
dialog: introduce to you to our guest
dialog: speaker today, Mr. Franklin
dialog: Roosevelt.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Good afternoon.
text: A fly begins buzzing around his head. He laughs derisively,
text: almost to himself.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: At Groton, where I graduated from
dialog: high school, our beloved Headmaster
dialog: encouraged his students to enter
dialog: public life...
text: He looks up and catches the glazed eyes of an undernourished
text: child which unsettles him.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I chose to attend Harvard for my
dialog: undergraduate work and then
dialog: Columbia for my law degree.
speaker_heading: H
text: e takes in their uncomprehending expressions.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I followed my Headmaster's advice
dialog: and sought a career in public life.
dialog: But circumstances beyond my control
dialog: have made that... very difficult...
speaker_heading: R
dialog: 6
dialog: 47.
text: He stares at his tiny audience, all of whom know something
dialog: about circumstances beyond their control.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I've given many speeches in my
dialog: life... I don't know why I'm having
dialog: such a hard time making this one...
text: Horrified and unable to speak, Franklin seems temporarily
text: lost, but the tiny audience doesn't seem to notice. They just
dialog: see Franklin.
dialog: 5 65
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S AUTOMOBILE - DAY
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: My God did you see how they were
dialog: looking at me?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: They welcomed your company, Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Don't patronize me.
text: Tom is losing his patience.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Don't patronize them. These people
dialog: go to bed night after night with
dialog: half-empty stomachs -- your legs
dialog: are the least of their worries.
text: They continue to drive in silence.
dialog: 66 66
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - DAY
text: It's a cold day and Franklin is swimming in the pool.
text: Roy is wearing a sweater. Aunt Sally is there, too, wearing a
text: patched up coat with a scarf around her neck. Tom is nearby
text: raking leaves.
speaker_heading: AUNT SALLY
dialog: Mr. Roosevelt, aren't you cold?
speaker_heading: OY
dialog: Mr. Roosevelt, you're gonna catch
dialog: the chill if you don't get out of
dialog: the water.
text: Franklin ignores them and dips under the water as Tom comes
dialog: over.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: AUNT SALLY
dialog: You got to tell him, Mr. Loyless.
dialog: He won't listen to us.
text: Franklin comes up from under.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Franklin, we need to talk...
dialog: Normally we close up this time of
text: year and the staff goes home for
dialog: the holidays.
text: Franklin looks at Tom, then at Roy and Aunt Sally,
dialog: acknowledging.
text: The sound of a TRAIN WHISTLE is heard.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 67 67
scene_heading: INT. HYDE PARK, NEW YORK- LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The WHISTLE is coming from a MODEL TRAIN as it zooms around a
text: track set up on a table in the Roosevelt living room. Elliot,
text: now 15, is mesmerized.
text: Sara sits at a piano between FRANKLIN, JR., 9, and JOHN, 7.
text: They are finishing a rousing rendition of "Angels We Have
text: Heard on High" as an enormous Christmas tree gets decorated.
text: JAMES, 18, is at the top of a ladder while his sister, ANNA,
text: 19, decorates from the lowest rung.
text: Eleanor holds up a tiny porcelain ornament to Anna.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Grandmother Delano brought this
dialog: from China.
text: Franklin, working from his wheelchair is filling out the
text: lower branches of the tree, his lap filled with ornaments.
speaker_heading: E
speaker_heading: LLIOT
dialog: Have you ever been to China,
dialog: Father?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: No, Elliot. Just your grandmama.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I adored China. It smelled of
dialog: ginger cookies.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN, JR.
dialog: et's go in the backyard and dig
dialog: our way there!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: That sounds like an adventure.
text: Anna looks over at her father, sadly and Franklin catches her
text: eye. She quickly looks away.
text: From behind his back, John, pulls out the Christmas star and
text: places it on his father's knee.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Put it on top.
text: Silence descends over the room. No one dares to breathe.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Give it to James. He's the tallest.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: John, give it to him!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Papa always does it.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I can do it.
text: Franklin tosses the star in an attempt to reach the top. It
text: almost catches, but it falls to the floor.
text: Quickly, aiding to avoid his father's embarrassment, James
text: climbs back up and puts the star on top. Sara sensing the
text: awkwardness of the moment begins to play and sing an overly
text: cheery rendition of "Hark! The Herald Angels Sing."
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - LATER
dialog: 68 68
text: Roy is spotting Franklin as he pulls himself along a set of
text: parallel bars. Eleanor observes as Franklin uses his arms to
text: drag his legs behind him.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: It was an extraordinary turnout
dialog: this afternoon. Louis says there
dialog: were over two hundred people in the
dialog: audience.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: That's marvelous, Babs.
text: Eleanor is flushed with pride. Franklin, catching her look,
text: slips slightly on the bars as Roy grabs hold of him.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: I've got you, sir.
text: Franklin then takes note that Eleanor's expression has turned
dialog: to one of pure heartbreak.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You wonder why I want to go back to
dialog: Georgia... it's to avoid people who
dialog: look at me the way you just did.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: You truly believe the waters...
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: ... that they are helping?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Don't talk to me as if I were a
dialog: child. Choosing your words so
dialog: carefully...
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: How am I supposed to talk to you?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Like I was! Talk to me like I was!
text: Roy turns Franklin around on the bars and they begin walking
text: away from Eleanor.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I don't know how anymore.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - DAY
dialog: 69 69
text: Franklin is being lifted out of Pete's wagon by Roy and
text: placed into his wheelchair. He sees Tom approaching.
speaker_heading: T
speaker_heading: OM
dialog: You're a sight for sore eyes...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: We missed you at the station...
dialog: 51.
text: The smile on Franklin's face slips to a look of shock as he
text: takes in Tom's changed appearance. His face is sallow and his
text: trademark white suit is hanging on him.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Tom, are you all right?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's just an ulcer. I can't eat
dialog: anything I like anymore.
text: Roy carries the luggage into the cottage.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (covering)
dialog: My father had ulcers. Damn irritating.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes, they are.
text: A silence hangs in the air.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Ready to swim?
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - DAY
dialog: 70 70
text: Franklin now dressed in his bathing suit is being wheeled by
text: Roy. Tom follows.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We've got some new guests. Some
dialog: paying, some non-paying...
text: As they get closer, Franklin is stunned by what he sees --
text: A DOZEN PEOPLE -- all in different groupings -- some on
text: crutches, others in wheelchairs, are gathered around the
dialog: pool.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What in blazes?...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: The interview you gave was
dialog: syndicated in Sunday papers all
text: over the country.
text: Franklin looks up at Tom, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: They're here to see you.
speaker_heading: H
dialog: 52.
text: This news hits Franklin with the force of a sledgehammer.
text: PAT DOYLE, 50, is stuffed into his wheelchair with a huge
text: cigar between his fat lips.
text: is eyebrows have a life of their own. He wheels himself to
dialog: Franklin.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Mr. Roosevelt, Pat Doyle. I've come
dialog: all the way from Minneapolis to
dialog: shake your hand, sir.
text: He reaches out his hand to Franklin.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Stuck in this chair I do nothing
dialog: but read. Newspapers, mostly.
dialog: Usually I'm just looking for
dialog: something -- anything -- that'll
dialog: tell me there's even the slightest
dialog: chance I'll walk again.
text: Franklin is uncomfortable, especially as Pat won't let go of
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I really don't know what to say.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Well, you're here. And we're here.
dialog: Together... we'll think of
dialog: something.
text: Franklin looks to Tom and gestures for him to come closer.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Get me out of here.
scene_heading: EXT. MERIWETHER INN - GROUNDS - DAY
dialog: 71 71
text: Franklin is pushing the chair himself along the dirt path,
dialog: his anger propelling F
text: him away from Tom.
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: I want no part of this. I come here
dialog: for privacy!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: This isn't your personal spa!
dialog: I have a business to run.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Exactly. You have a business to
dialog: run, not I!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No one's asking anything of you!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Of course they are!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Do you know what it took for most
dialog: of them to get here?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It's not my concern. I want to be
dialog: left alone!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: My God, you're afraid of these people.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Afraid? What you're talking about?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You look at them with the same
text: repulsion and pity as everyone else.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Don't be ridiculous. I resent your
dialog: trying to --
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You don't want to be around them
dialog: because then that would make you
dialog: one of them, wouldn't it?
text: Franklin furiously wheels himself back towards the cottage,
text: getting stuck on the dirt path along the way.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: God damn it!
text: Tom comes to his aid but he is brushed off by Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Out of my way! Get out of my
dialog: goddamn way!
text: Franklin wheels himself off.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: EXT. BULLOCHVILLE TRAIN STATION - DAY
dialog: 72 72
text: Franklin, in his wheelchair, smokes a cigarette. His bags are
text: next to him, as is Roy. A train's whistle BLOWS and pulls in.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Right on time.
text: Franklin sees someone else on the platform. He squints in the
dialog: distance. It's Tom.
text: He walks closer towards Franklin and Roy.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Good evening.
text: Franklin nods in Tom's general direction. Tom has a telegram
text: in his hand which peaks Franklin's curiosity.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Expecting someone?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes.
text: The train comes to a complete stop. A CONDUCTOR steps out
text: onto the platform. A single ELDERLY WOMAN gets off the train.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to the Conductor)
dialog: I'm looking for a young gentleman
dialog: by the name of Botts. Fred Botts?
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Don't know anything about that.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I expect he would be in a
dialog: wheelchair.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: You mean the cripple? He's in the
text: baggage car.
scene_heading: EXT. BAGGAGE CAR - DAY
dialog: 73 73
text: Tom, Franklin and Roy are in front of the large door as the
text: Conductor pushes it back slowly.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE CAR - DAY
dialog: 74 74
text: Amongst crates and luggage is FRED BOTTS, a young man of
text: fifteen lying on the floor, unconscious. A wheelchair is next
text: to him, turned over on its side.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Mother of God.
text: Tom leaps up and into the car as does Roy leaving Franklin
text: below. Tom takes his wrist.
speaker_heading: TOM
text: His pulse is slow.
dialog: 75 75
scene_heading: EXT. STATION PLATFORM - DAY
text: Roy lays Fred on a bench. Franklin wheels himself over.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Son, can you hear me?
text: Tom brings a cup of water. Franklin puts it to Fred's lips.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Fred?
text: Fred opens his eyes. They are large and brown with a
text: sweetness to them. His face comes alive when he recognizes
dialog: Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Mr. Roosevelt?...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It's going to be all right, son.
speaker_heading: H
text: e hands Franklin a worn newspaper clipping from his pocket.
text: The headline reads: "FRANKLIN ROOSEVELT SWIMS HIS WAY TO HEALTH!"
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: The conductor wouldn't let me ride
text: in the passenger car with my chair.
text: Franklin looks at the clipping, then at Fred.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: When did you last eat?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Knoxville.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Knoxville had to be three days ago.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
text: Roy, take him to the car.
text: As Roy lifts Fred in his arms, Franklin wheels himself to the
text: engine car. Tom follows as they approach the CONDUCTOR.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Who in their right mind let's a
dialog: child ride in the baggage car!
dialog: You could have killed that boy.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: He had polio. Probably still
dialog: contagious.
text: The Conductor walks away, dismissively. Franklin pushes his
text: chair up and stops the Conductor in his tracks.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Don't dismiss me because I sit in
dialog: this chair!
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Get away from me.
text: Franklin pushes the wheels of his chair with such force he
text: knocks the Conductor over.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You ignorant son of a bitch. If I
dialog: could, I'd get up right now and
dialog: lock you in that box car! See how
dialog: you like it!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Franklin...
text: The Conductor struggles to get up.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Get this lunatic off me!
text: Franklin wheels himself towards Tom's car where Fred is now
text: lying across the back seat. The sight of Fred drains all
text: anger from Franklin's face.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Where's the nearest hospital?
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Atlanta.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What about a doctor?
speaker_heading: TOM
text: Closer, but not by much.
text: The train whistle BLOWS.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Train's ready.
text: Franklin looks at Fred, then at Roy and Tom.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Let's go home.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - NIGHT
dialog: 76 76
text: Fred lays in Franklin's bed while Franklin sits by the
text: bedside. Roy lays a cold compress on Fred's forehead.
speaker_heading: F
text: ranklin is using his watch to take Fred's pulse.
text: Roy pulls back the sheet to give Fred air revealing his
text: withered legs. Alabaster skin stretched over bones.
text: Franklin looks away.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - DAY
dialog: 77 77
text: Franklin sits at a card table with his check book in front of
text: him. Tom stands before him, shifting uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: How many can pay?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Fewer than half.
text: Franklin opens the check book and begins writing.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I want these people in the
dialog: cottages, not in the inn. It's
dialog: safer.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, it's the way it has to be.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I've already had some complaints.
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: This is the start of the season,
dialog: Franklin. I've got regulars who
dialog: have come for years. Healthy folks
dialog: over all... They're threatening to
dialog: check out, afraid they might catch
dialog: polio.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Such ignorance! Don't they know
dialog: that after the fever breaks we are
dialog: no longer contagious?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'm going to have to ask that you
dialog: not use the pool during regular
dialog: hours. I'll put time aside for you
dialog: late in the day... and it won't be
dialog: possible for you to eat in the
dialog: dining room either. But I promise
dialog: I'll find someplace suitable.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: They don't want us to eat in their
dialog: presence?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Of course for you I can make other
dialog: accommodations.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: That won't be necessary.
text: Franklin goes back to writing out the check. Tom stands
text: waiting, the sound of the pen scratching seemingly
text: interminable. Their mutual discomfort is obvious.
text: Franklin rips the check from the ledger and holds it for Tom.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: We still need a doctor here.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: For Fred?
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: For everyone.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - NIGHT
dialog: 78 78
text: Franklin is in his wheelchair, writing.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (V.O.)
dialog: "Dear Babs, Things are very
dialog: different upon my return."
dialog: 7
dialog: 9 79
scene_heading: INT. HYDE PARK - DAY
text: Eleanor sits in a chair reading Franklin's letter.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (V.O.)
dialog: I am taking on responsibilities
dialog: which none of my schooling in the
dialog: spheres of higher learning or
dialog: politics could have prepared me
dialog: for... I have seen the casualties
dialog: of war. But I have never seen this,
dialog: a suffering so insidious, so
dialog: silent, that it rattles my soul."
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: 80 80
text: Franklin is tucking Fred in for the night.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: When can I swim?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Soon. When you're a little stronger.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: When I'm asleep, in my dreams, I
dialog: can still walk.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Me too.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: How long has it been... since you
dialog: walked?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Nine years. I'd just learned to
dialog: ride a bike. After I got sick my
dialog: mom was sure that the bike had
dialog: caused it.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Did she sell it?
speaker_heading: FRED
text: No. She took it out back and shot it.
text: Franklin howls with laughter, joined by Fred.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - DUSK
dialog: 81 81
text: Franklin is in the pool with the new guests. They are all
text: nervously waiting to test the water.
text: From the looks on their faces it's clear they only want to
dialog: take their cues from Franklin.
text: A MOTHER carries her adorable 4 year old GIRL into the water.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: And who is this delightful child?
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: Daisy.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: All right Daisy, try and kick your legs.
text: Daisy wiggles back and forth in her MOTHER's arms giving it
dialog: her very best effort.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Excellent, Daisy!
text: JAKE PERRINI, 32, Bronx-born with an upper body of steel
text: wheels over to Roy who is fixing a wheelchair.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Jake Perrini, Bronx, New York.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Roy, sir.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: How you doin'?
text: Jake reaches out his hand to shake. Roy is unsure what to do.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: C'mon -- I won't bite.
speaker_heading: T
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: (shaking his hand)
dialog: Mighty fine, sir. Mighty fine.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hey, would you mind pulling me
dialog: outta this trap, Roy? I wanna get
dialog: airborne.
text: Roy gently lifts Jake up and out of his chair, into his arms
text: like a child.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Do me one more favor? Throw me in?
text: Roy tosses Jake to the heavens and he SAILS through the air
text: emitting a jungle cry of pure emotional release before
text: SPLASHING down hard in the water.
speaker_heading: H
text: e bobs up to the surface. There is applause.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Now folks, these exercises are of
dialog: my own devising so bear with me.
text: Some laugh, some are confused. This is new territory for
dialog: everyone.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: My hope is that in repeating these
dialog: movements over and over in the
dialog: water I'm in some way causing the
dialog: muscles to regenerate themselves
dialog: and repair the damage.
text: He swims to the edge of the pool.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: So everybody grab the edge of the
dialog: pool and move what you can!
text: hey disperse, eagerly ready to do what Franklin tells them.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Go ahead now, do your best!
text: Their legs barely rise up to splash the surface. Undeterred,
text: Franklin leads them on, spiritedly.
text: In the distance we see Tom, leaning against a tree, watching
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: F
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: 82 82
text: Tom oversees the dinner service of paying guests -- none of
dialog: whom have disabilities.
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: 83 83
text: Segregated in a back room, all the polio guests are gathered
text: for dinner seated around a couple of sawhorses with old doors
text: thrown across them serving as makeshift dining tables.
text: Roy carries DAISY in and places her in the chair next to
dialog: Franklin.
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: Do you have a reservation?
text: She begins to giggle. It's infectious and soon everyone has a
text: smile on their face, overriding the awkwardness of the
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Whether in here or our there, I
dialog: guarantee you the food will taste
dialog: the same... terrible.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: Shouldn't we pray first?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: By all means. Would you do us the
dialog: honor?
text: Franklin bows his head for grace.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: Bless the food on our table. Keep
dialog: us healthy, strong and able. Amen.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Amen.
scene_heading: EXT. FACTORY - DAY
text: With Louis in tow, Eleanor is touring the exterior of an
text: ironworks factory. She is the only woman in a large gathering
dialog: of men.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR (V.O.)
dialog: "My dear Franklin, I too am
text: embarking on an altogether
dialog: remarkable experience."
dialog: 8
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - DAY
dialog: 85 85
text: leanor stands against a banner that reads "CHILD WELFARE
text: LEAGUE." She is passing out pamphlets to a small crowd that
dialog: has gathered.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR (V.O.)
dialog: "It seems everywhere I go there are
text: more people in dire need of help.
dialog: It would be overwhelming if not for
dialog: my deep belief that help is
dialog: possible..."
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK STATE ASSEMBLY - DAY
dialog: 6 86
text: Eleanor is being introduced by Louis to members of the New
text: York State Assembly -- all men -- eager to shake her hand.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR (V.O.)
dialog: "Louis's latest flash of brilliance
dialog: is to take me 'mainstream.' He said
dialog: that you would know what he means
dialog: by this."
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - DAY
dialog: 87 87
text: Franklin is in the water. Roy lifts Fred out of his
text: wheelchair and gently puts him in the shallow end. Franklin
text: receives him. Fred's face is ecstatic as he floats on his
text: back in the water.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR (V.O.)
dialog: "I hope you are finding your work
dialog: to be gratifying in both mind and
dialog: heart. Your beloved, Eleanor."
scene_heading: EXT. MERIWETHER INN - DAY
dialog: 88 88
text: A very old car comes coughing in, steam hissing from its
dialog: engine.
text: HELENA MAHONEY, 43, gets out of the driver's seat. Her iron
text: will is matched only by her deep reserves of empathy. She
dialog: gets a good look at the Inn. This is what she has come for?
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE PORCH - DAY
dialog: 89 89
text: Franklin and Roy, having finished lunch, are playing
text: checkers. Fred is sitting nearby eating a piece of pie.
text: Helena approaches. Roy pulls off a triple jump.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Damn!
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: King me.
text: Franklin reluctantly tops Roy's checker.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You're losing, Doc.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Doc? I'm sorry, you're Franklin
dialog: Roosevelt, aren't you?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Depends.
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: Are you a lawyer?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Then Roosevelt it is. Wait!
text: He jumps one of Roy's checkers.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I'm Helena Mahoney. I'm a physical
dialog: therapist.
dialog: (off their blank looks)
dialog: You have no idea who I am, do you?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Should I?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I wrote you a letter right after I
text: saw the article in the paper.
dialog: Didn't you read it?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It got read, I assure you. But
dialog: probably not by me.
text: Helena glances down at the checkerboard and points to it.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (to Roy)
text: He's open right there.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: He sure is.
text: Roy trounces Franklin with three swift moves.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Thank you, ma'am.
text: Helena sits at the table with them.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I've been studying the effects of
dialog: moist heat on polio patients and I
dialog: think with repeated exercise in
dialog: warm water...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It can help them regain lost
dialog: strength.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Incredibly I've come to the same
dialog: conclusion myself.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (a half-smile)
dialog: Well, you're the doctor.
dialog: 90 90
scene_heading: EXT. MERIWETHER INN - DAY
text: Helena is wheeling Franklin around the grounds.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: No ramps, no running water, no
dialog: doctors... from the article in the
dialog: newspaper I assumed this was a
dialog: rehabilitation center.
speaker_heading: F
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: Don't believe everything you read.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I feel like I was brought here
text: under false pretenses.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Join the club.
dialog: (
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. A BARN - DAY
dialog: 91 91
text: Franklin lies across a makeshift examining table. Helena's
text: examination is in progress.
text: She is completely absorbed -- all business -- pouring over
text: his muscles inch by inch. She kneads, bends and stretches
text: them with a laser-like focus, finally picking up Franklin's
text: leg and rotating it out and around.
speaker_heading: HELENA
text: Push against my hand.
text: Franklin, with difficulty, tries to do so.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Give me the good news first.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Your gluteus maximus is better than
dialog: I hoped. It will serve you well.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Must be all that sitting.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I'm serious. Your right leg has
text: some movement along the thigh.
dialog: That's good because we can use it
dialog: to help extend your hip, flex your
dialog: knee and rotate your tibia.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I'm supposed to walk on one side?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: The water may help build some
dialog: strength I'm not able to see yet.
dialog: But to do that you would need to
text: swim in the water much of the day.
dialog: Not the limited hours you have now.
dialog: a beat)
dialog: Why should this place cater to a
dialog: few able-bodied folk when it could
dialog: be opened year round with polios?
scene_heading: EXT. MERIWETHER INN - DAY
dialog: 92 92
text: Tom is pushing Franklin in his wheelchair.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: There's a need for a place like
dialog: this, Tom.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: Are you aware NKLIN(cont'd)
dialog: FRA that in the last
dialog: epidemic over 16,000 people got
dialog: polio in the New York area alone?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Sounds like you've been reading up.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I wish there was more to read. Damn
dialog: few things being written about any
dialog: of this. To think of someone like
dialog: Fred... locked away... his mind and
dialog: heart so vibrant...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's a waste. An awful waste.
text: Franklin takes a beat -- the weight of this sinking in.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What's the acreage here?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Roughly twelve hundred or so. Why?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I want to buy it. I think it would
dialog: make one hell of an investment.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Investment?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Twelve hundred acres? Enough for
dialog: two resorts, don't you think?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It would take money. There's a lot
dialog: of land, rebuilding the inn, adding
dialog: ramps and so many people can't pay...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (undeterred)
dialog: Do you think old Peabody will sell?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: He'll sell.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: How can you be so sure?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Have you taken a look at this
dialog: place?
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S OFFICE - DAY
dialog: 93 93
text: Franklin sits in his chair at a desk.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (full of charm)
dialog: Peabody you old reprobate! How are
dialog: you?
text: Tom is pacing back and forth
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You'll never guess why I'm calling.
scene_heading: EXT. MERIWETHER INN - MAIN ENTRANCE - DAY
dialog: 94 94
text: Helena is training a group of YOUNG MEN how to lift and carry
text: using a raven haired young woman, ELOISE HUTCHISON, 18, as
text: the test model. She sits shyly in her wheelchair before them.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Woodhall, this is Eloise. Lift her
dialog: gently.
text: WOODHALL BUSEY, 17, has bright red hair and a face full of
text: freckles. Over six feet tall he has spent his life working in
dialog: the fields. W
speaker_heading: OODHALL
dialog: Yes, ma'am.
text: He picks Eloise up effortlessly, then sets her back down.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Very good! Watch her braces.
text: Woodhall kneels before Eloise like Prince Charming, carefully
text: straightening out her legs.
speaker_heading: WOODHALL
dialog: You're light as a ...
text: He notices the long jagged scars along Eloise's wrists.
text: Eloise, sensing his eyes, self-consciously pulls down her
text: sleeves. He stares at her questioningly.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: (looking away)
dialog: I was a dancer...
text: Tom and Franklin come out. Franklin gives a questioning look
text: to Helena, pondering how these boys have suddenly appeared.
speaker_heading: T
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Good news... I raided the pool
dialog: hall. I call them my Push Boys.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Welcome Push Boys! Good day, Eloise.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: Hello, Mr. Roosevelt.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Want to tell them your good news?
text: Franklin is smiling like the cat that ate the canary.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It's hardly a done deal, but for
dialog: better or worse, you may be looking
dialog: at the new owner of this God-
dialog: forsaken place.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - EVENING
dialog: 95 95
text: A free wheeling game of poker. Heavy with cigarette and cigar
text: smoke, Franklin, Tom, Fred, Jake and Pat are playing.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Polio's always going to be a losing
dialog: financial proposition, but it doesn't
dialog: mean you shouldn't buy the place.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I am buying it. Make no mistake
dialog: about that.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Good for you, Doc.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: If you don't mind my asking, how
dialog: will people pay for the services
dialog: you are going to offer here? Most
dialog: people with polio have a hard enough
text: time making ends meet as it is.
speaker_heading: OM
dialog: (gently)
text: The boy makes a good point, Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Not everything in this world has to
dialog: be about profits.
speaker_heading: P
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'll see your twenty-five and raise
dialog: you twenty-five.
speaker_heading: J
speaker_heading: AKE
dialog: C'mon will ya! The night's still
dialog: young.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's twenty-five cents not twenty-
dialog: five dollars.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Don't mind him, Tom. He's a cheap
dialog: bastard.
text: Fred and Pat fold immediately as does Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Too rich for my blood.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: Fine! Here's your twenty-five! You
dialog: better have something.
text: They eyeball each other. Gunfight at the O.K. Corral.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Take it. I was bluffing.
text: Gleefully, Jake slaps his hands together and rakes in the pot.
speaker_heading: AT
dialog: (handing Franklin a fresh
dialog: deck)
dialog: Your deal, Doc.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Very well. Gentlemen, the game is
text: Five Card Stud, sevens are wild.
text: Everyone groans.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Sevens are wild and you can all go
dialog: to Hell!
scene_heading: EXT. MERIWETHER INN - GROUNDS - DAWN
dialog: 96 96
text: The sun is about to rise. Tom's car is parked in front of the
text: Inn, pulled up very close to the main entrance. The trunk is
dialog: open.
dialog: 71.
text: Tom, struggling with a suitcase, comes down the ramp. He
text: deposits it in the trunk and then walks precariously back up
text: the ramp, having difficulty navigating the incline.
text: He goes back into the house for one last bag. When he comes
text: out, he's surprised by what he sees --
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (O.S.)
dialog: Where do you think you're going?
text: Franklin is being pushed by Roy in his wheelchair. They are
text: both dressed in pajamas and bathrobes, though Franklin has a
text: blanket around his shoulders to shield him from the morning
dialog: chill.
text: Tom is caught. This is everything he wanted to avoid.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Going to Asheville to see my
dialog: parents.
text: From the sight of Tom's car stuffed with luggage, it is clear
text: he is not coming back.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I can't do this without you...
dialog: we're only just beginning.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You. (You're beginning, not me.
dialog: a beat)
dialog: I've got cancer, Franklin. It's
dialog: spread everywhere.
text: Franklin is stunned -- utterly thrown.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I... I'll take you to the best doctors.
dialog: We'll go to Atlanta right now --
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I've seen the best doctors. When
dialog: you were in New York they opened me
dialog: up for the second time. Now I just
dialog: want to die in the bed I was born.
text: Franklin is struggling with this.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You're going to do great things.
dialog: This place has an identity now --
dialog: a purpose. It has you.
dialog: 72.
text: Any guard Franklin had is gone. He reaches out and takes Tom
text: by the sleeve slipping his hand into Tom's gripping it tightly.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Take care of yourself, Roy.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: God be with you, Mr. Loyless.
text: Tom takes one last look at Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You never pitied me. Thank you for that.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: On the contrary, I envy you.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I will miss you all the days of my
dialog: life.
text: Tom gets into his car and looks at Franklin with a smile.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Good luck, Franklin.
text: With a wave he slowly lurches down the long driveway and
text: turns onto the main road. Franklin watches the car until it
text: is out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. HYDE PARK, NEW YORK - LIBRARY - DAY
dialog: 97 97
text: Sara paces wildly, waving a letter at Eleanor and Louis.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: He wants to use his entire trust
dialog: fund to buy that... leper colony!
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Franklin has invited Louis and me
dialog: to see the work he's been doing.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (derisively)
dialog: Work! Playing in a pool all day
text: long? Squandering his birthright on
dialog: a group of fawning strangers? I
dialog: consider this your fault, Eleanor!
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I beg your pardon, Mama?
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You have indulged him and this is
dialog: the result.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (challenging her)
dialog: Indulged him? I have indulged him?
text: Sara looks away.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: He's a grown man who makes his own
dialog: decisions.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: But he does not need to buy it.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: If it's of any comfort to you, I
dialog: agree.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I'm against it as well. It will
dialog: consume too much of his time and
dialog: energy.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Then it is settled. We tell him no.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: No, it is not settled. We must hear
dialog: him out. Louis and I must see for
dialog: ourselves the work that he has been
dialog: doing then we will all discuss this
dialog: further.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: A
dialog: nd tell him no.
text: They all look at each other for a moment. For once they agree.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Perhaps I have underestimated you.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Perhaps you have. But that has been
dialog: my fault, not yours.
scene_heading: EXT. MERIWETHER INN - DAY
speaker_heading: 98 98
text: Fred, on crutches, swings himself up using one side and then
text: the next under Helena's supervision.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Excellent, Fred! Keep going...
text: They are surrounded by many others, Franklin, Eloise,
text: Woodhall, Pat and Jake.
text: The BEEPING of a car horn gets their immediate attention.
text: Roy leaps off the porch, skipping the stairs as his brother
text: Pete drives up in Tom's car. He parks it and steps out.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Morning, Mr. Roosevelt.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Peter, what are you doing with
dialog: Tom's car?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I was as sorry as anyone to hear
dialog: about Mr. Loyless's passing. Wished
dialog: he coulda' lived to see this!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Mr. Loyless had me come up and
dialog: fetch this right after he brung it
dialog: to Asheville. "Pete, he said, "Take
dialog: this home and fix it up for Mr.
dialog: Roosevelt."
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Pete... I can't drive a car.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: You can now.
text: Roy opens the passenger door and lifts Franklin into the
text: driver's seat.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Get on in and I'll teach ya'!
text: He begins showing off a system of pulleys and levers that
text: have been attached to both pedals. They thread through holes
text: in a second dashboard, attached to polished wood knobs.
text: It's a hand-controlled automobile.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: That one there is your brake.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: And this here's the gas.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Hot damn! You got hand controls.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: That is a thing of beauty!
text: Franklin begins running his hands over the polished wood knobs.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Now you got to push it real smooth
text: or it goes all herky-jerky.
text: Franklin excitedly turns the key and starts it up.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Wait, Mr. Roosevelt, you're not
dialog: ready to drive yet!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Oh, yes I am!
text: Franklin hits the gas as the car begins HALTING and JERKING
text: the whole way down the driveway. Pete is yelling out
text: instructions but Franklin ignores him.
text: They all watch as he pulls away.
text: As the car hits the end of the driveway Franklin reaches
text: across Pete and opens his passenger door pushing him out.
text: Franklin tears off alone -- out on his first solo spin.
speaker_heading: OVER MUSIC:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
dialog: 99 F 99
text: ranklin is driving by himself with the top down, thrilled to
text: be moving on his own. No one is pushing him. He's free. The
text: car covers miles of farmland, passing pine forests, peach
dialog: orchards and cotton fields.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BULLOCHVILLE TRAIN STATION - MORNING
speaker_heading: 100 100
text: A spent and anxious Eleanor, with Louis in tow, stands on the
text: station platform, suitcase in hand.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It's a far cry from Grand Central
dialog: Station.
text: They are both silent for a moment.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: The wire said someone would be here
dialog: to pick us up.
text: The sounds of tires screeching and a car horn cause them to
dialog: turn around.
text: It is Franklin, sitting in the driver's seat of his car.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Your chariot awaits, Madame!
text: Louis promptly drops the luggage. Then he and Eleanor walk
text: over to the car, taking in the hand-controls.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: When did you learn to drive this
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Tuesday!
speaker_heading: 101 101
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: Franklin drives wild and fast. Louis hat flies right off his
text: head. Eleanor just holds on.
scene_heading: EXT. MERIWETHER INN - DAY
dialog: 102 102
text: Franklin, Eleanor and Louis pull up to the Inn. Though the
text: brush has been cleared and the trees are newly trimmed, it's
text: still a wreck. Franklin is too proud to concede Louis and
text: Eleanor's disappointment.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Can't wait to give you the tour!
scene_heading: EXT. GROUNDS - DAY
dialog: 103 103
text: Franklin wheels himself along the circular driveway, pointing
text: things out, almost manic in his energy.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
text: A small schoolhouse will go there.
dialog: We need it badly as many of the
dialog: children are barred from the local
dialog: schools due to their infirmities.
dialog: 77.
text: He points to a dilapidated gardener's shed.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: We also require a blacksmith's shop
dialog: so we can craft braces here on the
dialog: premises. I've found a wonderful
dialog: local man who can make crutches and
dialog: canes. His work is outstanding. Of
dialog: course what is most desperately
dialog: needed is a hospital. That's going
dialog: to put my fund raising abilities to
dialog: the test.
text: Franklin wheels himself up a ramp to the Inn as Eleanor and
dialog: Louis follow.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 104 104
text: Surrounded by peeling wallpaper and threadbare furniture
speaker_heading: E
text: Eleanor and Louis exchange glances.
speaker_heading: LEANOR
dialog: What exactly are you proposing,
dialog: Franklin?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: That this will be the first polio
dialog: rehabilitation and treatment center
dialog: in the world. My personal trust
dialog: almost covers the price of the Inn
dialog: and the surrounding land. There
dialog: will be a modest tuition charged to
dialog: the patients which should hold us
dialog: over while I seek out investors.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Franklin, you're risking everything
dialog: you have...
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: And there are other costs to
dialog: consider.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Mama will see that the children are
dialog: provided for.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I'm not speaking of money.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I have found something here which
text: makes waking up in the morning
dialog: remotely bearable and the two of
dialog: you stand there...
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Franklin, I need for you to be
dialog: practical and realistic.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Practical? I am trapped inside a
dialog: body that no longer moves of my own
dialog: volition. I am trying to be
dialog: practical. Now either you're with
dialog: me or against me. In or out!
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I don't care for ultimatums
text: disguised as debate.
text: Eleanor starts to leave.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Where are you going? Eleanor! Get
dialog: back here.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I will see you gentlemen tonight.
text: She leaves.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You can't talk to her like that.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Oh really? Are you an expert on
dialog: this now? How should I speak to my
dialog: wife, Louis?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: With the respect she deserves.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Look, I don't deny the work you're
dialog: doing here could be important --
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Could be?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The issue is whether you want to
dialog: run a rehabilitation center or
dialog: whether you want to run for office
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: When I can walk, I'll run.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - DAY
dialog: 105 105
text: Eleanor approaches the pool. It is as quiet as a church. She
text: is stunned to observe over a dozen tables set up in the
dialog: water.
text: On each table is a child or an adult polio wearing their
text: bathing suit. Next to them is a Physical Therapist also in
text: bathing attire conducting therapy. In hushed tones the
dialog: Physical Therapists encourage and work the distressed limbs
text: of the patients as Helena swims to each table overseeing the
dialog: work being done.
text: Eleanor sits down in a chair and watches fascinated.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - EVENING
speaker_heading: 106 106
text: The camera pans various tables revealing legs in braces,
text: legs in wheelchairs, shapely legs, flaccid legs, children's
text: legs... some reveal illicit romances, betrayed by secret
text: hand holding and hands on thighs.
text: Jake and a new physical therapist, MARY BETH, are
dialog: particularly cozy.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (O.S.)
dialog: This is a very special night we're
text: celebrating. At last we are together
dialog: eating in this dining room!
text: The hands come up and out from under the table, applauding.
speaker_heading: ON FRANKLIN
text: He is in his wheelchair dressed in a jacket and tie.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Now please join me in welcoming
text: Miss Jackie Mills, a new arrival
dialog: along with her father, Samuel, all
dialog: the way from Oakland, California.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP ON JACKIE
text: Eight years old with black hair. Her legs are in braces and
text: she grips her father's hand tightly.
speaker_heading: ON FRANKLIN
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Let us also take this opportunity to
dialog: welcome our two able-bodied guests,
dialog: Mr. Louis Howe and my better half,
dialog: Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt.
scene_heading: ON ELEANOR AND LOUIS
text: Waving politely from their seats.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Now for the musical portion of our
dialog: program...
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Wait a minute! I can't let this
dialog: opportunity pass without saying out
dialog: loud what a lot of us feel in our
dialog: hearts right now.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You're a man among men, Franklin.
speaker_heading: A WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: And women!
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: And children!
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: It's a real democracy at Warm
dialog: Springs -- everybody gets heard!
dialog: (to Franklin)
dialog: You listening?
text: Eleanor, seated next to Franklin, watches as Franklin, in a
text: rare moment of emotional nakedness, is at a loss for words.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: All right then, if I may do the
dialog: honors of presenting to you the
dialog: lovely Miss Eloise Hutchison of
dialog: Cottage C.
text: Eloise wheels herself out. In a sweet, but untrained voice,
text: she begins the introduction to her song:
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "Think of what you're losing by
dialog: constantly refusing to dance with me.
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: Aou'd be the idol of France with me.
dialog: nd yet you stand there
dialog: And shake your foolish head dramatically,
speaker_heading: W
dialog: hile I sit here so ecstatically.
dialog: You just look and say emphatically:
dialog: Not this season!
dialog: There's a reason!"
text: Some members of the audience begin to smile, knowing what's
text: coming. Various STAFF step out from the kitchen to watch.
text: Eloise is joined by three others -- all of them in wheelchairs.
scene_heading: ELOISE &amp; CHORUS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "I won't dance! Don't ask me!
dialog: I won't dance! Don't ask me;
dialog: I won't dance, monsieur, with you."
text: Simple, but clever choreography utilizing the wheelchairs,
text: has the audience cheering.
scene_heading: ELOISE &amp; CHORUS
dialog: "My heart won't let my feet do
speaker_heading: C
dialog: things they should do."
speaker_heading: HORUS
dialog: "You know what? You're lovely."
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: "And so what? I'm lovely."
speaker_heading: CHORUS
dialog: "But oh! What you do to me!
dialog: I'm like an ocean wave that's
dialog: bumped on the shore;
dialog: I feel so absolutely stumped on the
dialog: floor!"
text: This is too much for the crowd, including Franklin, Eleanor
text: and Louis. They laugh and cry in equal measure at the sight
dialog: of Eloise and her Chorus.
text: The song finished, Franklin quiets down the crowd.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Before we say good night,
dialog: I understand our Royal-Taskmaster-
dialog: in-Residence, Miss Mahoney, insists
dialog: on having the last word.
text: Helena rises from her seat.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I don't think words describe
dialog: adequately what Daisy and I would
dialog: like to show all of you.
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Are you ready, Daisy?
text: Daisy's mother, Cecile, carries Daisy to the center of the
text: room where Helena meets them. Helena bends down and removes
text: Daisy's braces.
text: The room is hushed.
text: Daisy then begins to WALK tentatively towards her mother.
speaker_heading: ON FRANKLIN
text: Overwhelmed by what is taking place. He looks around and
text: takes in the sight of so many different faces...
text: Some are beaming, some are fighting back tears, some look
text: away... the sight of it almost too painful... a reminder of
dialog: their own private battles.
speaker_heading: ON DAISY
text: Only a step or two away from her mother she FALLS the short
text: distance and lands in her mother's outstretched arms.
text: WILD CHEERS go up in the room while Daisy's face glows with
text: pride. She connects with Franklin, who matches her smile with
text: his own -- genuine and beatific.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
dialog: 107 107
text: Roy lifts Franklin out of the wheelchair and on to the bed.
text: Eleanor enters holding a lit candle.
text: Roy is about to begin Franklin's bedtime routine, but Eleanor
text: gently reaches out and touches him on the arm.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Let me.
dialog: 83.
text: Roy looks to Franklin, who nods it's all right, and exits.
text: Eleanor closes the door and puts the candle on the bureau.
dialog: A
text: fter a beat, Franklin begins to unbuckle his pants. He then
text: lies back on the bed.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: What is your most pressing concern?
text: Eleanor kneels before him and tugs the pants down, slowly, so
dialog: as not to catch on the braces.
text: Eleanor folds the pants and carefully places them over the
text: back of a chair.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Getting a doctor to live on the
dialog: premises full-time. Someone who,
dialog: at the very least, could monitor
dialog: our progress. Make us legitimate.
text: She begins to take off Franklin's braces -- a series of
text: intricate buckles.
text: Eleanor slides the braces off his legs. His legs, though now
text: deeply tanned are withered and spindly. He is still wearing
text: his shoes.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: And that costs more money.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Yes.
text: Eleanor puts the heavy braces against the wall and kneels
text: once again to untie his shoelaces.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: But the real problem is no one is
dialog: interested. The annual Orthopedics
dialog: Convention is being held in Atlanta
dialog: this weekend and I offered to
dialog: speak.
dialog: (his anger surfacing)
dialog: They turned me down flat.
text: Eleanor takes Franklin's pajama bottoms off the bed and with
text: tender care pulls them up his legs.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: A few weeks ago, the conditions at
dialog: a garment factory on West 27th
dialog: Street were brought to my
dialog: attention. The owners claimed
dialog: everything was satisfactory, but
dialog: would never let anyone in to
dialog: conduct a proper inspection.
text: She reaches for Franklin's hands and pulls him up to a seated
text: position. They are now face to face.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: It took awhile, but we finally got in.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: We?
text: He searches her face for clues as to the woman she's become.
text: He starts to unbutton his shirt and put on his pajama top.
text: Eleanor sits in a chair across from him.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I showed up with someone from the
dialog: Labor Board and we refused to leave
dialog: until they let us in.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What are you suggesting?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: At the risk of my good standing
dialog: with the Junior Assistance League,
dialog: I suggest we crash the party.
text: She stands and walks over to Franklin and runs her hand
text: through his hair. E
speaker_heading: LEANOR
dialog: Good night, Franklin.
text: She goes to the door and opens it letting in a shaft of light
text: against the candle-lit room.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Good night, Babs.
text: She blows the candle out and closes the door.
speaker_heading: E
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTA STREET - DAY
speaker_heading: 108 108
text: Franklin's car pulls up to a massive stone building built in
text: Greek revival style. Franklin looks intimidated -- there are
text: two dozen stairs leading up to the main entrance.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENTION CENTER - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 109 109
text: Roy climbs the stairs like a stevedore with Franklin slung
text: over his shoulder. Using enormous force, Eleanor is pulling
text: the chair up and over each step while walking backwards up
dialog: the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. AMPHITHEATER - DAY
speaker_heading: 110 110
text: The stage is lit with a skeleton hanging on a stand and large
text: projections on a screen of spinal discs while a DOCTOR, in a
text: dull litany, intones a prepared speech.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: A clinical situation where the
dialog: radicular or nerve root is
text: compressed by the prolapsed disc is
dialog: referred to as a radiculopathy.
text: Double doors fly open with a BANG as all heads turn to see
dialog: Franklin and Eleanor.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: So sorry we're late!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Good afternoon!
text: Eleanor talks quickly while wheeling Franklin down the aisle.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (introducing herself)
dialog: Eleanor Roosevelt, niece of the
dialog: late President Theodore Roosevelt
dialog: and this is my husband, Franklin,
dialog: former Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (sotto to Eleanor)
dialog: Are you sure this worked on 27th
dialog: Street?
speaker_heading: LEANOR
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: It seemed to at the time.
dialog: 86.
text: They reach the befuddled Doctor on stage whose name tag
text: reads, "Dr. Bissell."
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Thank you, Dr. Bissell for agreeing
dialog: to let us share the stage with you
dialog: today. It was so generous of you.
text: Dr. Bissell smiles limply, saving face. The audience vaguely
text: applauds. Franklin and Eleanor are now center stage.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: My husband, as many of you may have
dialog: read, is a victim of polio.
dialog: However, victim is only a
dialog: definition, not a state of mind.
dialog: Franklin?
text: He looks at her completely amazed. Eleanor gives him an
speaker_heading: F
text: encouraging nod to take over.
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: We all know that poor circulation
dialog: is a chronic problem for limbs
dialog: damaged by polio... I've never been
dialog: able to swim more than a few
text: minutes without becoming too cold.
dialog: But there's a place, gentlemen...
dialog: a miraculous place not three hours
dialog: from here where the water is filled
dialog: with natural minerals at a
dialog: temperature of almost 90 degrees.
dialog: That place, gentlemen, is called
dialog: Warm Springs.
speaker_heading: CLOSE-UP
text: One DOCTOR in particular, 60's, leans forward in his chair,
text: listening with great interest.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Patients can stay in these waters
dialog: for up to an hour. This is
dialog: essential in allowing them the time
dialog: to work on strengthening their
dialog: muscles.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: We have come to the shared
dialog: conclusion that research for the
dialog: cause and the cure for infantile
text: paralysis is paramount.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: However, until NOR(cont'd)
text: ELEA that day arrives
dialog: more emphasis has be placed on
dialog: rehabilitation. We personally
dialog: invite you to Warm Springs to come
dialog: and take a look. Thank you.
scene_heading: ON THE AUDIENCE
text: These "men of science" are mesmerized by Eleanor's style,
text: both warm and immediate. She has disarmed them with her lack
text: of pretension.
scene_heading: ON FRANKLIN and ELEANOR
text: Their two separate journeys intersecting -- lightning in a
dialog: bottle.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - DAY
dialog: 111 111
text: There is a receiving line in place to get a last word or an
text: autograph with Franklin and Eleanor. DR. WILLIS,
text: bespectacled, speaks with them.
speaker_heading: DR. WILLIS
dialog: I saw you speak at the Legion Hall
dialog: in Cleveland last Spring.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: For the League of Women Voters?
speaker_heading: DR. WILLIS
dialog: You created quite a stir. Not sure
dialog: you'll be asked back.
text: Franklin is ready to intervene but Eleanor puts her hand on
speaker_heading: E
text: his shoulder stopping him.
speaker_heading: LEANOR
dialog: (all smiles)
dialog: Well, I believe you must say what
dialog: you feel in your heart -- what you
dialog: feel is right, for you'll be
dialog: criticized anyway. Damned if you do
dialog: -- damned if you don't.
text: DR. HEBERT, military in bearing -- the doctor who listened so
text: intensely -- steps up in line and shakes hands with Eleanor
dialog: and then Franklin.
speaker_heading: DR. HEBERT
dialog: Dr. Peter Hebert. I've been doing
dialog: my own studies in this area.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: DR. HEBERT(cont'd)
dialog: If it is possible I'd like to come
dialog: and make an evaluation for the
dialog: Journal of Orthopedic Medicine.
text: Franklin looks to Eleanor, elated.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: The sooner the better.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANKLIN'S CAR - TWILIGHT
dialog: 112 112
text: Roy is fast asleep tucked around the wheelchair in the back
dialog: seat.
text: Franklin smiles in Eleanor's direction. She looks back at him
text: shyly and smiles in return. But her expression changes when
text: she sees something in his eyes -- something she hasn't seen
dialog: for a long time.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Who are you?
text: Franklin reaches out and takes her hand, pulling her close.
text: He stretches his whole arm around her and places her hand on
text: one of the driving knobs, his hand on top of hers.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I don't know how to drive.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I'll teach you.
text: They operate the car together -- their connection complete.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - DAY
dialog: 113 113
text: Franklin and Eleanor are sitting in the front seat of the
text: car. Louis is already up on the train platform.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I'll break the news to Mama.
text: Franklin smiles as they look at each other like two naughty
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I think it's going to be fun.
text: Eleanor bursts out laughing, Franklin joins in.
speaker_heading: F
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Babs... words fail me.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: You? Franklin Roosevelt?
text: She leans in and kisses Franklin on the mouth.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I do so love you.
text: She slides out of the car and goes up to the platform and
dialog: A
text: boards the train while Franklin watches her.
text: Farmer and his Wife from the school house graduation
dialog: approach Franklin.
speaker_heading: ARMER
dialog: Mr. Roosevelt you lookin' mighty fit.
speaker_heading: FARMER'S WIFE
dialog: Fine day, isn't it.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It is. How's the Boll Weevil
dialog: situation?
speaker_heading: FARMER'S WIFE
dialog: I expect the Boll Weevil is always
dialog: gonna be a situation, Mr.
dialog: Roosevelt, but thanks for askin'.
text: Franklin's energy and vitality are infectious. The politician
text: within him is being reborn.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR - DAY
dialog: 114 114
text: A beaming Eleanor sits down next to Louis. He too is looking
text: very pleased. Eleanor takes notice.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Why do I get the feeling we're not
dialog: smiling about the same thing?
text: The train begins pulling out.
text: They both look out at Franklin. Locals are coming up to his
text: car surrounding him -- he is a magnet.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: He's ready.
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. STATE ASSEMBLY, N.Y. - VIEWING SECTION - DAY
dialog: 115 115
text: Louis is seated in the front row of the balcony of the State
text: Assembly, his feet up on the railing, eating pistachio nuts.
text: Also seated are two politicos, JAMES HASTINGS and STEPHEN
speaker_heading: TELLER.
speaker_heading: HASTINGS
dialog: You can't kiss babies from a
dialog: wheelchair. It'll scare their
dialog: mothers half to death.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: Al Smith's got a lock on the
dialog: presidential nomination.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Correct me if I'm wrong, but don't
dialog: you think even after all these
dialog: years that old Al's still a little
dialog: rough around the edges?
text: They laugh knowing this is a huge understatement.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Franklin can help soften his image.
speaker_heading: HASTINGS
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Let him put Smith's name in
dialog: nomination.
text: Teller and Hastings are none to sure.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: Well, he is a helluva speech maker.
speaker_heading: HASTINGS
dialog: Yeah, but is your man up to it?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It's in the bag, guys. Count on it.
text: Bluffing is one of Louis's strong suits and it looks like
dialog: they're buying it.
text: Just then, Louis notices a familiar face down on the floor.
dialog: I
speaker_heading: S
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Hey, Stansbury, give my best to the
dialog: Misses!
dialog: (to Hastings and Teller)
dialog: He's lost weight. Must've been the
dialog: prison food.
speaker_heading: 1
scene_heading: INT. MERIWETHER INN - HALLWAY - MORNING
dialog: 16 116
text: A line stretches outside with patients waiting to be seen.
text: Among them is Franklin, chatting with everyone else,
text: expecting and receiving no priority attention.
scene_heading: INT. MERIWETHER INN - DAY ROOM - MORNING
dialog: 117 117
text: Dr. Hebert is examining Daisy. Helena is by his side, filling
dialog: him in on her case history.
scene_heading: INT. MERIWETHER INN - NIGHT
dialog: 118 118
text: Helena, dressed in a robe, walks the halls of the Inn.
text: Something is amiss.
scene_heading: EXT. GROUNDS - NIGHT
dialog: 119 119
text: An empty wheelchair, illuminated by a sliver of moonlight.
text: On a blanket nearby are Jake and Mary Beth.
text: he unbuttons his shirt and runs her hands over his
text: impressively developed upper body. They begin to kiss
text: hungrily, passionately -- completely in their own world.
text: Several yards away, across the lawn, Eloise is in
text: Woodhall's arms -- they are dancing. He is singing softly
text: into her ear as they sway, her feet never touching the ground.
scene_heading: NT. MERIWETHER INN - NIGHT
text: Helena, in a nightgown, is looking out a window into the
text: distance. Fiercely protective and slightly envious of her
text: charges, she pulls a pack of cigarettes from her bathrobe
text: pocket and steals a solitary smoke.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: 120 120
text: Franklin seated alone on the porch in the darkness. He drags
text: on his cigarette and the red glow illuminates the contours of
text: his face in repose.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. MERIWETHER INN - FRONT DESK - DAY
dialog: 121 121
text: Franklin is on the phone. Roy stands by his side.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Hello, Souders. How are you?...
dialog: Couldn't be better. I was wondering
dialog: if you'd found a buyer for my naval
dialog: prints?
dialog: (clearly not)
dialog: I see. Well, they're in marvelous
dialog: condition... All right, Souders. Oh
dialog: one more thing... I have some
dialog: beautiful pieces of my
dialog: Grandfather's -- T'ang Dynasty...
dialog: Really?... An auction in the Fall?
dialog: That sounds promising. I'll be in
dialog: touch.
text: Franklin hangs up and sits deep in thought. He rubs his
text: perspiring forehead with the back of his hand. He looks down
text: at his hand and sees that it is shaking.
scene_heading: EXT. GROUNDS - DAY
dialog: 122 122
text: Franklin is walking on crutches aided by Roy. Nearby, a group
text: of children practice on parallel bars with Helena.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What am I going to tell these people
dialog: if I have to close things down?
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: That you did the best you could.
text: Franklin gives Roy a look of gratitude, then notices Lionel
text: approaching with his mail bag.
text: Lionel hands Franklin a fistful of open envelopes.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Any good news?
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Creditors are gettin' cranky.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: The operative word was good.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Oh, yah, almost forgot. The doctor
dialog: that came and studied ya'll sent
dialog: his report.
dialog: 93.
text: Lionel offers up the envelope, but then pulls it back before
text: handing it over.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Save me the stamps?
text: Franklin nods then grabs it from Lionel. He rips it open and
text: begins devouring the report.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "... therefore, in conclusion, my
dialog: research has shown that the
dialog: overwhelming majority of patients
dialog: here have shown some improvement.
dialog: Enough for me to recommend warm
dialog: water therapy as the standard post
dialog: polio treatment to the Orthopedics
dialog: Society of America!"
dialog: (
text: he grips Roy's arm)
dialog: Roy!
text: Something catches Franklin's eye and his smile begins to fade.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: What is it, sir?
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - NIGHT
dialog: 123 123
text: Helena entering the cottage.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: It's not as bad as you think.
text: Franklin slams the door behind her and wheels over to the
text: table. He throws back a drink -- clearly not his first.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Read it. Out loud. Page twenty-nine.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I already...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Read it!
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: "Of the twenty three patients examined
text: only one, a forty-four year old male,
dialog: showed little visible signs of
dialog: improvement..." This is one doctor's
dialog: opinion, Franklin.
speaker_heading: H
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Keep reading.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: "There is marked falling away of
text: the muscle masses on either side of
text: the spine in the lower lumbar
text: region. His lower extremities
dialog: present a most depressing picture."
text: She brings the pages down, but Franklin gestures her to
dialog: continue.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: "I feel after studying him that the
dialog: psychological factor in his
dialog: management is paramount. He has
dialog: such courage and ambition. Yet at
dialog: the same time he is such an
dialog: extraordinarily sensitive emotional
dialog: mechanism...
text: It is difficult for her to continue.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: ... that it will take all the skill
dialog: which we can muster to lead him
dialog: successfully to a recognition of
dialog: his severe physical limitations
dialog: without crushing him."
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Patronizing son-of-a-bitch! I
dialog: wanted to walk again.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: And you still might. This report
dialog: legitimizes we've worked so hard
dialog: for. We can raise funs now. It
dialog: could change everything!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It won't change anything for me.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Franklin, I won't play this game. I
dialog: won't feel sorry for you.
text: e reaches for the bottle, but Helena grabs on to it,
text: stopping him.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I met a boy today, ten years old.
text: He's paralyzed from the waist down.
dialog: Why don't you go regale him with
dialog: vivid tales about your trips to
dialog: Europe and playing football at
dialog: school. Tell him how you courted
dialog: your wife and fathered children.
dialog: Tell him of a life he can only
dialog: dream of.
dialog: (
dialog: a beat)
dialog: I can't help you out of a hole if I
dialog: climb in with you. Then we're both
dialog: stuck.
scene_heading: INT. MERIWETHER INN - FRONT DESK - DAY
text: Fred, wearing a bow tie and an oversized jacket, is proudly
text: polishing off a desktop sign that reads: "FRED BOTTS:
text: DIRECTOR OF ADMISSIONS."
text: Helena is behind him reading a file.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: (entering)
dialog: Here's another one he's refusin'.
text: He throws a telegram onto an already large stack.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Why don't you read it?
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Don't like telegrams. All them
dialog: STOPS and stuff.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Make you dizzy, Lionel.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: A little bit.
text: Fred eyes the telegram, then impulsively grabs it, ripping it
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: "Would be honored if you place my
dialog: name in nomination for President.
dialog: STOP. The party needs you. STOP.
dialog: Yours sincerely, Al Smith."
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Who's he?
dialog: (
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: The Governor of New York.
dialog: handing it to Lionel)
dialog: Why don't you slide it under
dialog: his door?
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: All right. Probably slide it
dialog: right back.
text: Lionel leaves. Fred and Helena are silent for a moment.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He won't go. He doesn't want to be
text: seen walking on crutches or being
text: wheeled to the podium.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: The millions listening on radio
dialog: won't be able to see that.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: But all the people at the
dialog: convention will.
dialog: Helena nods, "That's right."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: 125 125
text: Responding to a knock at the door, Roy gets up from sitting
text: on the couch with Franklin, sullen and inattentive.
speaker_heading: H
text: e opens the door to Louis who walks right in.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Good afternoon, Mr. Howe.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Hello, Roy.
text: Roy takes his hat and coat and exits to the bedroom.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I can't believe you've made me come
dialog: all the way back to this hell hole!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I've done no such thing.
speaker_heading: F
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I'm here to take you to Houston.
dialog: You started your speech yet?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I'm not going.
text: He stares at Franklin, drinking. Shaking his head, he goes
text: over to the sidebar and pours one for himself.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You know what this is, don't you?
dialog: It's a golden opportunity. A
dialog: springboard for you to run for
dialog: Governor.
text: ranklin is silent. Frustrated, Louis takes a seat in
text: Franklin's empty wheelchair.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Ever hear of a Civil War General
dialog: named Francis Nicholls?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Well, I never heard of him either.
dialog: But this was one brave son-of-a-
dialog: bitch. Fought for the Confederacy
dialog: and lost his left arm in one battle
text: and his left foot in another. Then
dialog: after the war he ran and won the
dialog: Governorship of Louisiana -- twice!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: He was a war hero.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (with emphasis)
dialog: Twice.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Look, I've worked like a dog to
dialog: keep your name in play, grovelling
dialog: at the feet of the powers-that-be
text: in back rooms.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: As much for you as for me.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I'll be damned if I'm going to let
dialog: you pass up a chance like this.
dialog: It's time -- and you're ready.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - AFTERNOON
dialog: 126 126
text: Waiting on the porch are Eleanor and Helena, who are seated,
text: talking. Louis exits the cottage, defeated.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Your turn.
text: Eleanor rises and goes into the cottage as Louis takes her
text: seat next to Helena.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - CONTINUING
dialog: 127 127
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Roy, so good to see you.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Very good to see you, Mrs.
dialog: Roosevelt.
text: She approaches a surprised Franklin. Leaning in, she runs a
text: hand across his stubbly beard. He looks up at her.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: You're a mess.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: The report. I'll never...
text: She sits by his side and Franklin begins to cry. His sobs
text: grow louder connecting to the despair deep inside him. It
text: unleashes an avalanche of grief.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Oh my darling...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I'm useless, Eleanor. I feel so
dialog: useless.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: That's not true. No one can make
dialog: you feel inferior without your
dialog: consent.
text: Finally, his sobs subside.
speaker_heading: F
speaker_heading: E
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: You have done a brilliant thing
dialog: here -- a magnificent thing.
text: Eleanor picks up the E
text: doctor's report and puts it in the fire.
speaker_heading: LEANOR
dialog: Let's get you in the water.
scene_heading: EXT. THE POOL - DAY
dialog: 128 128
text: Franklin is wheeled down to the pool by Roy and Eleanor. When
text: they get closer, Franklin makes out someone already swimming.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Hi, Pop!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (squinting)
dialog: Who's that?
text: ELLIOT ROOSEVELT is now 17 years old. He has his mother's
text: enormous blue eyes and his father's natural charisma.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Elliot!
speaker_heading: LLIOT
dialog: Come on! You getting in?
text: Louis and Helena approach the pool.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I sense a conspiracy.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You ain't seen nothin' yet.
text: ranklin smiles, warily.
scene_heading: EXT. A CLEARING - DAY
dialog: 129 129
text: Elliot is climbing a rope dangling high from a tree as
text: Franklin and Eleanor look up at him. Franklin is standing on
dialog: crutches.
text: Elliot descends with a flourish as Helena approaches Franklin
text: with a single cane.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Franklin, let go of your crutches.
dialog: You're not going to need them.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: We're going to make your arms
dialog: function as your legs.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: How is that possible?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Elliot, go to your father and stand
text: on his left side.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Think this may work, Pop.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Eleanor, take the crutch.
text: Eleanor takes one crutch as Helena takes the other, replacing
text: it in Franklin's hand with a cane.
text: Then, with Elliot on Franklin's left side she bends Elliot's
text: arm at a right angle, like a parallel bar, and hooks
text: Franklin's left arm around his.
text: Going over to Franklin's right side she puts a cane in his hand.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (to Franklin)
dialog: Now use your right shoulder and
dialog: pull your left leg forward.
text: He does so.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Good! Now with the muscles in your
dialog: left shoulder, pull your right leg.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: One small bump and I'll land right
dialog: on my keister!
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: That's what Elliot is for. He's
dialog: going to hold you up. Hitch your
dialog: leg! Come on!
text: Franklin and Elliot attempt to walk. It requires immense
text: strength and effort on both their parts.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: (ever the taskmaster)
dialog: Elliot, don't lean in -- stand up
text: straight. Pull against him. He
dialog: needs you!
text: After one or two steps the enormity of it overwhelms Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I'm strong, pop. You can't hurt me.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You can do this, Franklin! Keep
dialog: going!
text: They start the walk again. It's awkward... difficult... but
dialog: it's working.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: I'll be damned.
text: Franklin stops, exhausted.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Franklin, are you all right?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I'm fine. I'm just...
text: Roy runs in with a chair and helps Franklin into it as
text: Helena, Eleanor, Louis, Elliot and Roy all look at him,
dialog: concerned.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: This isn't a replacement for the real
dialog: work we're doing to get you on your
dialog: feet again, understand? No one is
dialog: throwing in the towel or even agreeing
dialog: with that doctor's report...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I know, I know.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I know it's not practical --
speaker_heading: F
speaker_heading: H
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: No, it's not.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: It's political.
text: Franklin looks at Louis, then to Eleanor, and realizes that
dialog: this could be it.
speaker_heading: 1
scene_heading: EXT. GROUNDS - AFTERNOON
dialog: 30 130
text: Franklin and Elliot are walking. Helena is close behind,
dialog: coaching.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Use Elliot, not the cane. Switch
dialog: your weight to Elliot... good! Keep
dialog: your head up.
text: Off to the side Pat, Jake, Eloise, Woodhall and Daisy are
text: having an informal picnic, observing Franklin.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: Why is he working so hard to hide it?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: He doesn't have a choice.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: Oh, I disagree.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: How can you disagree? "There but
dialog: for the grace of God goes us,"
dialog: that's what they're saying. As if
dialog: our bodies is who we are, but it's
dialog: not. It's our souls is who we are,
dialog: but they don't know that.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: I wish he could just wheel himself
text: out there in front of everybody.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: He can't do that Eloise, it's
dialog: politics.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: It's not gonna matter if he hides
dialog: his legs as long as he don't hide
dialog: what he knows. And what he knows is
dialog: what it's like to be one of us.
text: ranklin, getting closer, raises his cane in greeting.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Good afternoon, everyone!
text: Off-balance Franklin goes down hard bringing Elliot down with
dialog: him.
text: Eleanor, Louis and Roy all rush to his aid, but Helena is
dialog: there first.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Take a moment to catch your breath...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Damn. You okay son?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I'm fine, Pop.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: You fell down.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Yes, I did, Daisy. Twelfth time
dialog: today. Must be a new record!
text: Daisy laughs as do the others, though some can't hide their
dialog: concern.
text: Franklin struggles hard as Roy and Elliot help him to his
dialog: feet.
dialog: 131 131
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: Eleanor is packing Franklin's suitcase while Franklin,
text: sitting up in bed dressed in pajamas, works on his speech.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (reading aloud)
dialog: And so America must find...
dialog: (
dialog: reconsidering)
dialog: No, America needs a pathfinder...
text: Louis, pacing in shirtsleeves, nods approvingly.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: That's good.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
text: To emblaze the trail along a high
dialog: road that will avoid... avoid the
text: bottomless morass...
text: Discouraged, Franklin pushes aside the pages.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What is it? What's wrong?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What if I fall... trying to get to
text: the podium.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: If you fall, you show them how to
dialog: get up.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: No, if I fall in front of thousands
dialog: of people I lose everything but
dialog: their pity.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: They'll be writing my obituary
text: before I get up off the floor.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Elliot won't let you fall, he'll be
dialog: there. All the arrangements have
dialog: been made, boss. It'll be fine.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Who are we fooling? This will never
dialog: work. They'll never let me back
dialog: into politics. They'll never see
dialog: past my legs.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: My darling, they'll never see past
dialog: your legs unless you do.
dialog: 132 132
scene_heading: EXT. MERIWETHER INN - MORNING
text: Franklin is settling into the driver's seat of his car, aided
text: by Roy. Eleanor is seated next to him; Louis and Elliot in
dialog: back.
text: Franklin's attention is diverted by something he sees
text: straight ahead.
text: It is the entire Warm Springs group coming down the driveway
text: in chairs and on crutches.
text: All the patients, the Push Boys, the physical therapists,
text: Helena, Jake, Fred, Aunt Sally, Eloise and Lionel.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Don't worry, Doc -- we're not
dialog: coming with you.
speaker_heading: F
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Oh, you'll be with me. No question
dialog: of that.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I am proud more than you will ever
dialog: know to be part of this community.
dialog: (his voice growing
dialog: stronger)
dialog: A community based not on birthright
dialog: or privilege, but on compassion and
dialog: courage. The true power of these
dialog: waters is that they brought us all
dialog: together. Our ability to help one
dialog: another is what will make our
dialog: victory over polio endure. Our
dialog: ability to survive... despite the
dialog: odds.
speaker_heading: F
text: ranklin looks out at the sea of faces.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What we have done and will continue
dialog: to do until this disease is
text: defeated is come together -- like a
dialog: family -- and do what we do best...
dialog: (his voice breaking)
dialog: Lift each other up.
text: Franklin starts the car as the crowd begins to disperse.
text: Then, spying Helena, Franklin calls out to her.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Miss Mahoney I need to speak with
dialog: you, please.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Sure, Doc.
text: Off her smile, Franklin reaches into his pocket and withdraws
text: a small box.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Thank you.
text: He hands it to Helena. She just stares at it, at a loss for
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: Open it.
text: She does so, tentatively, revealing a ladies watch.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: It's beautiful.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Don't wear it in the pool.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I'll try not to. Good luck,
dialog: Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I'm throwing myself to the wolves.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You've faced worse. And if they
dialog: bite, you can come back here.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I'll always come back here.
text: Helena steps away and Franklin pulls out and down the
dialog: driveway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 133 133
scene_heading: INT. HOUSTON TRAIN STATION - NIGHT
text: Dark and deserted Roy is carrying Franklin down a flight of
text: stairs. Louis is hastily checking over his shoulder. If
text: possible, Eleanor appears even more nervous than Louis.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You're being superstitious, Louis.
dialog: There aren't any reporters here.
text: Suddenly out of the darkness a FLASHBULB POPS revealing a
text: dozen or more REPORTERS staring incomprehensibly at the sight
text: of a six foot, 200 lb. man being carried like a baby in the
text: arms of a black man.
text: No one does or says a thing. The PHOTOGRAPHER who had the
text: wherewithal to snap the one picture raises his camera to take
dialog: another.
text: But DAN REED, a reporter for The New York Herald Tribune and
text: a gentle giant at over six foot-four, reaches out and places
text: a massive hand over the lens.
text: Slowly, but firmly, he pulls the camera down.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: (
dialog: quietly)
dialog: No.
dialog: 107.
text: Louis and Eleanor stand stock still, tense, watching the
dialog: scene unfold
text: Roy is sweating; his arms growing weak. Elliot brings the
text: chair around and Roy gently lowers Franklin into it.
dialog: It's a measure of Reed's standing with this group that his
text: authority is unquestioned.
text: But the Photographer raises his camera again. Only now Reed
text: isn't as kind. He grabs the camera from him and opens the
text: back, pulling out the film and exposing it.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: (tipping his hat)
dialog: Good to see you, Mr. Roosevelt.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENTION HALL - HOUSTON - NIGHT
dialog: 134 134
text: The enormous arena is empty but for some maintenance WORKERS
text: and JANITORS. Louis enters and makes his way to the stage.
text: He approaches dead center and stands behind the podium looking
text: out. GRIPPING the podium hard he ROCKS it back and forth.
text: Taking no chances, he pulls a hammer out from the rear of his
text: waistband and a bunch of nails from his coat pocket.
text: Looking around to see if anyone is paying any attention to
text: him he quickly ducks down behind the podium.
text: The sound of HAMMERING fills the hall as Louis, on his knees,
text: NAILS the podium to the floor.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONVENTION HALL - DAY
dialog: 135 135
text: Twenty thousand CONVENTIONEERS are roasting in the hall. It
text: is Houston in the summer and it's broiling hot. A sea of hand-
text: held red, white and blue fans are being waved all at once --
text: most bearing the words "SMITH FOR PRESIDENT."
text: Near the stage is a long table where the new breed of RADIO
text: REPORTERS are seated, each in front of a primitive looking
dialog: microphone.
dialog: A
dialog: 108.
text: Hovering in a group off to the side are Dan Reed and the
text: REPORTERS from the previous night.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE - CONTINUING
dialog: 136 136
text: Franklin is standing ramrod straight holding onto Elliot's
text: arm. He looks handsome in a navy pin-striped suit. As
text: everyone else is sweating no one notices that Franklin is
dialog: perspiring more than F
dialog: most.
speaker_heading: RANKLIN
dialog: Where is she seated?
text: Louis, a human train wreck himself, reaches over to mop
text: Franklin's brow with a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: In a box stage left. Give me your
dialog: hand.
text: Franklin takes his hand off his cane. It's soaking wet. Louis
text: wipes it, gently.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Louis, what the hell am I doing?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Putting your big toe in the water.
text: Just then, a VOICE booms out from the loudspeakers:
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER (V.O.)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, I would like
dialog: to introduce to you a man who as
dialog: Assistant Secretary of the Navy
dialog: served our country with distinction.
dialog: member of an illustrious family
dialog: of long-standing political
dialog: commitment to our great nation...
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen: Franklin
dialog: Delano Roosevelt!
text: Franklin turns to Elliot and they both take deep breaths.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (to Elliot)
dialog: Let's go.
text: The curtains part and they begin moving forward.
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: INT. THE STAGE OF THE DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION - CONTINUING 137
dialog: 137
text: A BLINDING SPOTLIGHT picks up Franklin and Elliot. The
text: SPOTLIGHT follows them as they make their way to the podium.
text: Franklin is hitching each leg forward, slowly. The tip of his
text: cane hits the floor with pinpoint accuracy for balance and
dialog: support.
text: He leans heavily on Elliot's arm. The walk appears effortless.
text: He chats with Elliot the whole way, still managing to flash
text: the CONVENTIONEERS his million dollar smile. But the walk is
text: slow and the ovation is beginning to fade.
dialog: 138 L 138
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE - CONTINUING
text: ouis stands in the wings clutching the curtain with one hand
text: and covering his eyes with the other.
scene_heading: INT. DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION BOX - CONTINUING
dialog: 139 139
text: Eleanor sits looking down at her lap, afraid to even breathe.
scene_heading: INT. THE STAGE - CONTINUING
speaker_heading: 140 140
text: Franklin and Elliot are still ten steps away from the podium.
text: Sensing the crowd noise weakening, he whispers to Elliot.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Laugh as if I'm making a joke.
text: Elliot throws back his head and laughs. The crowd, wanting to
dialog: be in on it, rise as one in a sustained CHEER!
text: But a puddle of sweat caused by the dripping perspiration
text: from Franklin's hands is causing the tip of his cane to slip.
text: Elliot, ever aware, grips him tighter, averting disaster and
text: finally they reach the podium.
text: Franklin grabs one side of the podium while Elliot, with a
text: sleight of hand Houdini would admire, LOCKS his father's
text: braces, whisks the cane away, pulls his father's speech from
text: his breast pocket and lays it smoothly on the podium.
text: THE VIEW FROM BEHIND displays how Franklin's legs are spread
text: wide for stability as he clutches the podium. He holds on
text: tightly, as if the wood might snap from his grip.
text: FROM OUT FRONT the crowd sees only a powerful man standing
text: tall amidst the flashbulbs POPPING.
dialog: 110.
text: Franklin has made it. He is home.
scene_heading: INT. MERIWETHER INN - LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 141 141
text: All the denizens of Warm Springs are crowded around the radio.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
text: Here on the stage is Franklin
text: Roosevelt... a figure tall and
text: proud even in suffering; a face of
text: classic profile; a frame nervous
text: and yet self-controlled. A man
text: softened, cleansed and illumined
dialog: with pain.
speaker_heading: 1
scene_heading: 42 INT. WARWICK HOTEL, HOUSTON - SMITH'S SUITE - CONTINUOUS 142
text: GOVERNOR AL SMITH, 51, is seated by a radio, surrounded by
text: CRONIES. An overblown Irishman with gold capped teeth and
text: heavy New York accent. He chomps on a lit cigar that never
text: leaves the side of his mouth.
speaker_heading: CRONY #1
dialog: Hell of an ovation, Al. Couldn't
dialog: have asked for anything more.
text: Smith sits silently puffing on his cigar.
speaker_heading: CRONY #2
dialog: You may have to be careful though.
dialog: Looks like you're raising up a rival.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Mark my words. He'll be dead in a year.
scene_heading: INT. DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION BOX - CONTINUING
dialog: 143 143
text: Eleanor applauds Franklin as a REPORTER leans in.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Mrs. Roosevelt, one last question.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Do you think polio has affected
dialog: your husband's mind?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yes, I do. I certainly do.
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENTION STAGE - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 144 144
text: Franklin stands before the crowd. His magnetism is
text: incontestable. He radiates infinite possibility.
text: He looks up to Eleanor's box and they smile at one another as
text: the crowd continues to applaud.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WARM SPRINGS - DAY
dialog: 145 145
text: The mineral springs gently ripple as Franklin appears in the
text: water. As the following words appear on the screen, Franklin
text: slowly and confidently swims out of frame.
speaker_heading: CRAWL
dialog: Four years later, Franklin Delano Roosevelt was elected
dialog: President of the United States. He was elected three more
dialog: times -- unprecedented in U.S. History.
dialog: During his years as President, he saw the country through the
text: Great Depression and a world war waged on six continents.
dialog: On April 12, 1945, in the thirteenth year of his presidency,
text: at the age of sixty-three, Franklin Roosevelt died in his
dialog: cottage at Warm Springs.
dialog: The beneficiary of his $562,000 life insurance policy was
dialog: Warm Springs... which continues to flourish as a
dialog: rehabilitation center to this day.
dialog: 
