speaker_heading: WATERWORLD
dialog: an original screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Peter Rader
dialog: Polished Second Revision
dialog: July 4, 1991
speaker_heading: THE TATTOO
dialog: 
dialog: of
speaker_heading: THE GIRL
dialog: from
speaker_heading: WATER'S END
scene_heading: A TITLE CARD:
dialog: The Warming Age began after the Great Thaw of the Cold War.
dialog: Free markets heated up and the ice caps slowly melted,
text: Little by little, the globe became one seamless ocean.
text: The survivors scavenged rafts, buoys, anything that could float.
text: As hope of finding Water's End slowly faded,
dialog: sweet water became scarce and the wars began anew.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: THE EARTH
text: The round blue planet as seen from space. A familiar image, but
dialog: something about it is different. There are no continents. No
text: land whatsoever. Only water. Nothing but water.
text: WE BEGIN MOVING in on the blue globe. Descending into it, as if
text: on a spaceship. Closer and closer. Now the screen is filled
text: with blueness.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: THE OCEAN
text: A sweeping panorama of waves kissed by the golden halo of
text: sunrise. Sublime and balmy. Not a vessel in sight. WE BEGIN
text: to pan along the gently curving horizon. Empty ocean in every
text: direction. Now, at the end of our 360° pan, we finally REVEAL:
speaker_heading: “OASIS.”
text: A floating comminity. Several dozen vessels of all shapes and
text: sizes tied together -- bow to stern -- ina large ring. They
text: are connected by planks and bridges.
text: WE MOVE CLOSER. There are boats of every description -- tugs,
text: trawlers, Chinese junks, river barges. Most are simply
text: “houseboats" for the various families, but others seem to be
text: rigged for communal needs like the “Barterboat" with its
text: electricity-generating windmill, the "Schoolboat" which doubles
text: as a chapel, and the "Vegetable Barge,“ where rows of bizarre-
text: looking hybrid seaweed are growing in special hydroponic tanks.
text: IN THE WATER - NEAR A SLOOP.
text: An angelic, though impish GIRL of twelve is scraping barnacles
text: from the hull, collecting them in a basket. This is ENOLA. She
text: grabs a fat one and sucks out the meat.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Enola... lunchtime!
text: HELEN, a striking if somewhat intense young woman in her late
text: twenties, approaches the rail and looks down at Enola in the
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I made a kelp salad.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (CONT. }
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: We always have kelp salad.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It's good for you.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: I'm not hungry.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Have you been eating those barnacles
dialog: again? Those are for later. Come on,
dialog: dolphin.
text: Enola makes a face and climbs up the rope ladder with her basket
text: of barmacies. Helen has set the table under a canopy with clam
text: shells and other scavenged china. She dries off Enola with a
text: towel and begins to oil her body with whale blubber. Enola is
text: squirming and fidgeting.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Stop that. Do you want to turn red
dialog: like a lobster?
text: Helen takes some flesh colored-powder from a small urn and mixes
text: it with the 011, making a paste. She begins to apply the paste
text: to Enola's left shoulder, concealing a a small-round tattoo. It
text: is crescent-shaped with a triangular nick in the concave are. -
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Why do you have to do that every time?
dialog: I like to see it.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: So does every trader that ever drifted
dialog: past us. I don't want you looking
dialog: different from any other kid. Besides,
text: it keeps it from fading.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: It doesn’t mean anything, anyway.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Someday you'll remember...
text: Just then, Enola notices something bounce over the rail onto the
text: deck -- is that a flying fish? No, wait... it's walking over to
text: her. Her jaw drops, eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Look! t
text: Helen glances over -- it's a bird!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh, my God. It can't be...
text: They move over towards the bird which COOS nervously and backs
text: away. Helen reaches out smoothly and picks it up.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Do you remember ever seeing one?
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: I've seen them in my dreams.
text: They smile at each cther. Just then, a LOUD GONG resounds three
text: times across the water. Helen's expression becomes grim.
text: THE LOOKOUT POST.
text: High up in the tallest crow’s nest, a LOOKOUT repeats the THREE
text: GONG warning, gazing out to sea with his spyglass.
speaker_heading: LOOKOUT
dialog: {calling down)
scene_heading: APPROACHING FLEET!! EAST-SOUTH-EAST.
text: ON HELEN.
text: She grabs Enola's hand.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: AERIAL ANGLE.
text: A panoramic overview. WE SEE MEN and WOMEN of “Oasis”
text: scrambling into a well-rehearsed routine. Helen and Enola race ._
text: up-and-down across the planks that connect the boats towards a
text: central platform where many PEOPLE are gathering. A MAN is
text: passing out weapons. ANOTHER is rounding up the CHILDREN.
scene_heading: THE PLATFORM.
text: Helen approaches a tough-looking woman with short spiked hair.
text: This is ANGEL, her sister. Helen holds up the bird.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Jesus.
text: Other PEOPLE move in for a look, crowding around with stunned
text: expressions. TROY, a boy of sixteen, looks on in wonder
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: What's that??
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It's called a bird.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: They swim through the air. We must be
dialog: near Water's End...that‘'s where those
dialog: things come from.
text: RODNEY, a nervous man with frightened eyes, pushes his way to
text: the front.
speaker_heading: RODNEY
dialog: Great timing!! We're about to be
dialog: slaughtered...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (CONT. }
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Don’t say that! We have to win,
dialog: that's all. We can't let them find it
dialog: before us! How many times have we
dialog: rehearsed for this? We're gonna give
dialog: them the fight of their lives...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yeah!!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: That's right. We're tough...
dialog: (holds up the bird)
dialog: And now we have some extra incentive!!
text: Everybody CHEERS, waving their guns and makeshift weapons.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Let's kick some pirate butt!!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A FEW MILES AWAY.
text: The approaching fleet shoots ahead, full-throttle -- a mean
text: assembly of PIRATES on crafts of every description. The charge is
text: lead by MEN on attack aqua-cycles, their handle bars outfitted
text: with swivelling 25mm guns. Behind them in tight formation, is the
text: “INFANTRY,” a rabid assortment of KILLERS on motorized surf-boards
dialog: attached to cigarette boats. When the time comes, they'll
text: unbuckle their harnesses and shoot off solo. Then the “ARTILLERY,”
text: four matching swamp skiffs with out-rigged airplane props. Large
text: mortars are bolted to the foredecks. WATER-SKIERS are being towed
text: behind each boat. various deadly weapons dangling from their wet
text: suits. Finally, the *Cammand” Hovercraft brings up the rear.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: “OASIS.*
text: SIMON, an ancient man of at least eighty, is leading the
text: CHILDREN into the hold of a trawler.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No need to panic, now...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.}
dialog: Wait a minute!
text: It’s Angel. She walks up to Troy who looks scared.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You just turned sixteen, didn’t you,
dialog: kid?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You have to fight.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: Troy looks anxiously at Simon.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Those are the rules, Troy.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Don’t worry. I‘1ll take care of him.
dialog: (to TROY)
dialog: Follow me,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ANOTHER PART OF THE RING.
text: Helen races along hand-in-hand with Enola. They come the
text: “Vegetable-Barge” where Helen pulls an oil-drum out of a recess.
text: She lifts the lid and Enola:climbs inside the barrel. Helen
text: hands her the bird.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Take the bird too. I don't want them
dialog: to find it.
text: Helen grabs an oxygen cannister and checks the valve. She puts
text: it in the barrel with Enola.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It's set so you have air for an hour.
dialog: Don't touch the valve. If you
dialog: overpressurize, they might see the
dialog: bubbles.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: You said we we're going to win. So
dialog: why do I have to hide?
text: A little tear begins to snake its way down Encla’s cheek.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Go on, dolphin. Be brave.
text: She reaches inside a pouch and pulls out two circular glass
text: pendants. Clear crystal medallions, protected in leather
text: sleeves. Helen hands the smaller one to Enola.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Remember these? Our lucky amulets.
dialog: As long as we wear them, we'll never
dialog: be separated, right?
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Right.
text: Enola puts it around her neck. Helen does likewise. They hug.
text: Then Enola ducks inside the barrel. Helen secures the rubber
text: gaskets and the lid. She heaves the oil drum over the edge of
text: the barge. A thin nylon rope pays out as it sinks...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE PIRATES.
text: WE. ARE BACK in the thick of the attacking vessels, BLASTING
text: ahead at break-neck speed. The ROAR of the engines is
text: deafening. Whitewater splashes around us wildly. The PIRATES
text: are SCREAMING demonically as combat adrenaline surges through
text: their veins. A mile ahead, “Oasis” looks doomed...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A SERIES OF CLOSE-SHOTS. PRE BATTLE-MONTAGE.
text: RODNEY is prepping one of the "defensive cannons." An old
text: relic, Spanish galleon style. He pours in some gunpowder and
text: loads the massive ball.
text: OTHER MEN AND WOMEN load. bullets into rusting revolvers.
text: Survival knives are strapped to thighs. Spear guns pumped up.
text: ANGEL and TROY have taken position on a barge. They are placing
text: the Molitov cocktails on the deck at even intervals.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You good with guns, kid?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I'm scared...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE PIRATE AQUA-CYCLES.
text: CAMERA is on the handle-bars of the lead bike, locking back at
text: the blood-thirsty mob. WE BOUNCE insanely as the cycle surges
text: over the waves and SMACKS down into the troughs.
text: CARLOS, the driver, CACKLES like a madman. He's the first
dialog: pirate we've seen close-up and HE IS SCARY!!!
text: Tribal style war-paint smeared across his face. A pierced nose
text: with a large fish-bone. His hair, a shock of blue, flying back
text: like satanic flames. On his forehead, a self-inflicted
text: triangular scar. And his eyes. They are beyond description. A
dialog: quasi-primordial post-punk. -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A HOUSEBOAT
text: Helen straps a flame thrower onto her shoulders. She crouches
text: beside the outside rail and looks out towards the approaching
text: horde. Almost within range...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Come on, you bastards...
scene_heading: AERIAL ANGLE.
text: The pirate vessels surround “Oasis" and ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE!!!
text: The "ARTILLERY" mortars bombard the flotilla with cover smoke.
text: “SURFERS* peel off from the cigarette boats and BLAST through
dialog: the smoke, FIRING at everything in sight!!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (CONT. }
text: RODNEY tries to aim his cannon but is blinded by the smoke-
text: screen, Before he can react, a SURFER bursts through with a
text: lasso. Rodney hurries to intercept him...
text: IN THE WATER.
text: The skimmers kick into full gear, sending the PARA-SAILERS high
text: into the air. They spray down bullets, picking off the
text: defenders like flies. Next, the DRIVERS cut their engines and
text: PARA-SAILERS glide down onto the defenseless ring-boats.
text: ON THE BARGE.
text: Troy cowers below the rail, trembling uncontrollably. Bullets
text: RICOCHET and splinter the wood like shrapnel. Angel is hidden
text: behind some barrels. A PARA-SAILER comes gliding down out of
text: the sky. Angel jumps up and nails him with her machete. She
text: tosses Troy a flint striker.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Come on, kid. Get the fireworks
dialog: going!
text: UNDERWATER, IN THE BARREL.
text: It is perfectly quiet and womb-like, but Enola is clearly
text: apprehensive. She clutches her glass pendant and shuts her
text: eyes, petting the nervous bird..
scene_heading: MEANWHILE, ABOVE.
text: MEN AND WOMEN exchange FIRE with the PIRATES. They are heavily
text: outnumbered, outgunned. Many of the boats have already been
dialog: boarded.
text: ON TEE BARGE.
text: TROY strikes the flint and lights one of the bombs. He lobs it
text: out at a passing cigarette boat and ducks as...
speaker_heading: BOOOMI!!
text: A colossal fireball surges upwards. Angel gives him the thumbs
text: up. Troy looks at her in terror. That's what those things do?
text: ON THE HOUSEBOAT.
text: A WATER-SKIER is headed straight towards Helen. She pulls the
dialog: trigger of the flame thrower...
dialog: ..-nothing!
text: The WATER-SKIER takes aim. Helen bangs her tanks. Is she out
dialog: of gasoline?
text: Suddenly, a STREAM OF FLAME bursts out of the nozzle, knocking
text: her backward. The skier catches fire, SCREAMING in agony, as he
text: continues to he dragged along like a FLAMING COMET...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: oy
dialog: (CONT. }
text: ..-Helen starts to get back to her feet, but doesn't notice,
text: behind her...
text: ...A LARGE PIRATE CLOSING INI!! It's Carlos. Ina flash, he
text: grabs her by the arm and whips a large scythe around her throat.
text: Helen instinctively resists but he presses the blade against the
text: flesh, drawing a trickle of blood...
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: You wanna die? .
text: She stops moving, He paws her breasts with a vicious smile.
text: Helen's eyes falter. Suddenly, she swoons, fainting. He
text: reaches for her...
text: ...BUT SHE'S FAKING!!! Helen spins around and SLAMS him with
text: her gasoline tanks. He sprawls across the deck and Helen turns
dialog: to barbecue him, but the trigger is stuck again!!!
text: He leaps to his feet and charges with his razor sharp scythe.
text: Helen ducks the first blow by inches...but the return swing,
text: gorges her in the gut!!! Her eyes go wide with shock as she
text: grabs her bleeding stomach with her hand. Carlos prepares for
dialog: the final blow -- decapitation...
text: SLOW MOTION NOW: The scythe slicing the air. Helen hesitating.
text: It's all or nething. The lethal blade. cCarlos's eyes. Helen
text: surges. Intercepts it with the flame-thrower nozzle. CLANG!!!!
text: AS metal scrapes metal...
text: She dives backwards, over the rail. Into the water. Agony in
text: her face, as salt-water finds the wound...
text: Slow motion, UNDERWATER SCREEEEAAAMMMMM! !!!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: TWENTY MINUTES LATER.
text: The battle is over. A massacre. All the SURVIVORS have been
text: rounded up on the “Vegetable barge. They are huddled together,
text: shivering quietly, separated into two groups -- WOMEN and YOUNG
text: BOYS on one side; MEN, INFANTS and OLD PEOPLE on the other.
text: Several PIRATES guard them with automatic weapons.
text: The bounty -- jugs and barrels of fresh water, desalinization
text: units, solar distillers, nautical instruments, weapons,
text: gasoline, dried food and so on -- is arranged in neat rows. A
text: mean-looking ROGUE is inspecting it. He is DIBTER -- his left
text: hand has been replaced by prosthetic metallic pincers.
text: Angel whispers to a WOMAN, standing beside her.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You seen my sister?
text: She shakes his head. Angel turns to look at the group of “MEN"
text: prisoners. She makes eye contact with Troy, who's been
text: sequestered with them. He looks petrified.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 9,
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: The “Command Hovercraft" eases up to the dock. TWO THUGS jump
text: to secure the stern and bow lines. The large, verticai-hinged
text: door swings open with a THUD! A FIGURE emerges...
text: Huge. Six-eight at least. Hip length hair. yellow. Not
text: blonde, balloon yellow. He has a solid-gold triangle attached
text: to his forehead. And his cape -- it's a dense mesh of bird
dialog: feathers! Meet LAZLO, "Lord of Pirates."
text: A YOUNG MAN rushes up to meet him. He's HELMUT, also unique in
text: appearance -- one of his eyes is blue, the other green.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
text: They must have hidden her.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: {ominous smile)
dialog: Don't worry...
text: MEANWHILE, IN THE BARREL.
text: Enola is PANTING, out of breath. The bird COOS nervously and
text: flaps its wings. She looks at the the oxygen cannister.
text: INSERT - THE GAUGE is nearing the red "DANGER ZONE"...
text: BACK ON THE PLATFORM.
text: Lazlo moves forward and addresses the prisoners.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Take me to your leader.
text: No one speaks. Lazlo surveys the faces before him.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: We have no leader. It’s a round table
dialog: democracy.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Spoken like a leader. .
text: Lazlo yanks him away from the others. The crowd reacts with
text: concern as Lazlo manhandles the old man.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Your people are very loyal. This is
dialog: good. Above all, a leader need
dialog: loyalty, no? Let me show you...
speaker_heading: (to HELMUT)
text: A torch.
text: Helmut douses a torch with some gasoline and lights it witha
text: flint striker. He marches up to Lazlo, awaiting instructions.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Your hand, please.
text: Helmut nods grimly. Then, without hesitation, puts his hand in
text: the flame. Hovering there, unflinching. He grits his teeth.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 10.
dialog: (CONT. }
text: Lazio watches calmly. Helmit’s hand is blistering, he begins to
dialog: shake...
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Thank you.
text: Helmut pulls back his hand and plunges it into the water. Lazio
text: turns back to Simon.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: That is my son. What does that tell
dialog: you about me?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: You're a monster!
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Exactly. Now...let's get to business.
dialog: We heard that you have a little girl
text: here. A little girl with a little
dialog: tattoo. I want her. Are you afraid
dialog: of death?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You wouldn't kill an old man.
text: In the background, Rodney begins to tremble.
speaker_heading: RODNEY
dialog: He’s going to kill us all, don’t you
dialog: see...
text: Suddenly, he breaks free from the others and dives off the
text: platform into the ocean. Immediately, several GUARDS pepper the
text: water with gunfire.
text: Carlos moves towards a submerged steel cage, floating alongside
text: one of the pirate boats. He yanks open a hinged doorway and
text: instantly a black SHARK FIN makes a beeline for the escaping
text: man, sucking out a “leash” of steel webbing. The water foams up
text: with blood. Carlos cranks a large winch to recoil the leash and
text: haul the thrashing shark “dog” back into its cage.
text: IN THE BARREL.
text: The gauge is near “EMPTY.” Enola begins to panic,
text: hyperventilate. She opens the valve all the way and BANGS the
text: metal drum with her fist...
text: UNDERWATER.
text: A small trickle of bubbles begin to ascend from the “escape”
text: valve of the barrel. WE FOLLOW them up to:
text: THE SURFACE.
text: BODIES are floating like logs in slicks of blood and oil. A
text: PIRATE is patroling in a kayak, jabbing the bodies with a
text: harpoon to make sure they’re dead. Will he notice the bubbles?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: a
dialog: li.
dialog: (CONT. }
text: Suddenly, a BODY moves right in front of us! It’s Helen, she’s
text: “playing dead.“ Directly before her nose, a stream of bubbles
text: is frothing up to the surface. She sneaks a glance around and
text: makes a sudden decision. Holding her breath, diving...
text: UNDERWATER.
text: Helen follows the nylon cord down to the barrel. She BANGS a
text: signal om the lid. Then, works to remove the latches. The
text: first one opens. But the other two are stuck... rusted...
text: INSIDE THE BARREL.
text: Enola gasps for breath. She's suffocating... water begins
text: seeping in through the crack, filling the up the drum...
text: ON THE PLATFORM.
text: BLAMMM!!! Carlos has BLASTED away half of Simon’s head with a
dialog: pistol. Point blank. :
speaker_heading: LAZLO
speaker_heading: {to the PRISONERS)
dialog: Next volunteer, please...
text: UNDERWATER .
text: The second latch finally SNAPS open. Helen is running out of
text: breath. She pulls at the final latch with all her might, blue in
dialog: the face... .
speaker_heading: ABOVE.
text: The pirate in the kayak has spotted the bubbles.
speaker_heading: PIRATE
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Over heret!
text: Several PIRATES converge on the adjacent platform.
text: BELOW. IN THE BARREL. .
text: Enola has passed out. The water level is up to her chin...
text: UNDERWATER.
text: The latch is still frozen shut. Suddenly, Helen feels herself
text: peing hoisted up! Someone‘s pulling the cord from above. Helen
text: looks up in a panic. She attacks the latch with renewed frenzy.
speaker_heading: ABOVE.
text: Lazlo and others are gathered round, as Dieter pulls up the
text: barrel line. The barrel breaks the surface. Dieter wrenches
text: off the cover with his mechanical hand. Lazlo peers inside...
text: Just the bird... Lazio picks it up and crushes it in his fist in
dialog: disgust.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Save me the feathers.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: Just then, there’s the sound of the Hovercraft ROARING to life.
text: Lazlo spins to see his boat ripping away from its mooring,
text: bursting through the flotilla towards the open sea... it BLASTS
text: right through a bamboo-thatched boat, ripping it in two.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Thataway, Helen!
text: Immediately, several pirates pile into their cigarette boats and
text: peel off in pursuit.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
speaker_heading: (to HELMUT)
dialog: Let‘s move out.
text: Helmut directs the guards to escort the women and children
text: prisoners towards a souped-up pirate trawler. The men and other
text: “rejects remain on the platform, guarded by sentries. Angel
text: suddenly. breaks ranks and grabs Troy from the "man" group which -
text: seems to be staying behind.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: He's thirteen! He's a kid!
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: (nervous whisper)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: dust keep quiet...
text: Meanwhile, OTHER PIRATES begin to load the bounty -- water, gas
text: and so on -- onto the slower boats.
speaker_heading: CuT TO
scene_heading: THE DISTANT HOVERCRAFT
text: BLASTING ahead full-throttle. It's definitely fast enough, but
dialog: will they have enough fuel? Three cigarette boats lag in the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO
speaker_heading: “OASIS"
text: Everything stowed, the last of the pirate boats peel off. The
text: “rejected" men watch, unsure, as the pirates retreat. The
text: "prisoner" boat begins to pull away. Women and children watch
dialog: their mates/fathers receding -- will they ever see them again?
text: Troy looks at Angel.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Why did you do that? We’re prisoners.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Shhh...
text: With all the pirate vessels at a safe distance from the platform
text: of "rejected" men, Lazlo turns back with a bazooka...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: (CON TL.)
dialog: The men don't even have time for prayers before...
text: THE ENTIRE PLATFORM EXPLODES!!!
text: Troy looks back in horror from the stern deck of the “prisoner”
text: trawler. All the men of "Oasis" killed in an instantitt It
text: could have been him. Angel puts her arm around Troy’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: CuT To:
text: INSIDE THE HOVERCRAFT.
text: WE ARE at the bridge, but no one is at the helm! It has been
text: lashed down amidships. WE NOTICE Helen's flame thrower aimed
text: sternward towards the fuel tanks. The trigger is tied in the
dialog: firing position. Malfunction or not, sooner or later it will...
text: EXPLODE!!1!!! The Hovercraft rips apart in a MASSIVE FIREBALL!!!
text: Lazlo and Helmut approach the smouldering wreckage on a
dialog: cigarette boat.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: (rage)
dialog: My boat!
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: So much for the girl from water's End.
dialog: FADE TO BLACK: ©
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: BERMUDA SHORTS.
text: Someone’s crotch in a pair of well worn khakis. The large
text: survival knife sheathed over his left hip looks like it has
text: recently tasted blood. He moves to unfasten his fly -- his
text: hands, coarse and dehydrated. A manicurist's nightmare.
text: A BEAKER.
text: Fills up with his urine. Pale yellow. No overdose of vitamins
text: in this sample. Last few drops. He's done, reaching in to grab
dialog: the beaker.
text: A PLASTIC FUNNEL.
text: The top of some kind of contraption. A large, translucent
text: funnel connected to a rubber hose which weaves down through a
text: series of valves and filters.
text: He pours the urine into the machine and WE FOLLOW its progress
text: downwards -~ through a paper filter, along a glass tube, down a
text: rubber hose. Suddenly, WE COME to something organic in the
text: chain -- a large, slimy, steaming KIDNEY!!!
text: The organ pulses with the flow of liquid. Processing it,
text: pumping it out into the mechanical remainder of the contraption
text: which concludes in a copper faucet. Somehow, a living, organic
dialog: kidney has been incorporated into this bizarre chain. But those
dialog: familiar with anatomy will notice that it is backwards -- the
text: urine is being forced into the wrong end of the kidney.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: ia.
dialog: (CONT. }
text: Indeed, he places the beaker under the faucet and opens the
text: spigot. Out rushes clean, pure H20!! He's reversed the
dialog: excretion process, turned urine into water!!!
text: As he puts the beaker to his mouth and swigs it back in one
text: gulp, WE SEE his face for the first time -- rugged,
dialog: weatherbeaten. No sentimentality here. This is MORGAN, a
text: drifter in his early 40's.
text: Morgan puts down the beaker and raises a pair of binoculars to
text: his eyes.
scene_heading: BINOCULAR POV.
text: A faint column of smoke rising several miles away on the
text: horizon. His destination.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT.
text: WE SEE his vessel. A river-barge modified to fly a sail. Two
text: cannons on either side, a rack of weapons, strands of kelp
text: drying on shelves, barrels of water. The boat's name is faded,
text: barely legible -- the “Miranda.” WE NOTICE something bizarre
text: pacing on the deck -- a magnificent white stallion!!
text: In the distance, the burning wreckage appears closer, but still
text: not distinct. Morgan adjusts his rudder slightly, trims his
text: sail. Morgan moves to the center of the deck where a series of -
text: oil drums are strapped together.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE BARRELS.
text: They are labeled "H20." Morgan opens the lid of one but instead
text: of water, it's packed full of dynamite. There's a jerry-rigged
text: trigger -- a wire filament attached to a flint striker. Morgan
text: secures it to the lid and gingerly closes the barrel. It's a
text: booby-trap.
scene_heading: ON MORGAN .
text: Satisfied, he grabs a speargun and an oxygen cannister from a
text: locker. He takes another look with the binoculars.
speaker_heading: POV.
text: Burning wreckage of a flotilla. The aftermath of battle. He
text: PANS south, checking the horizon... Whoah. What’s that? A
text: small motor-sailer bearing down on his opportunity! It's
text: another drifter, also looking to scavenge from the wreckage...
speaker_heading: MORGAN (0.S.)
dialog: Son of a bitch.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
text: A SPINNAKER.
text: Surging out of its sail bag. The rainbow colored nylon balloons
text: upwards with wind, as Morgan hoists up the halyard. He re-
text: checks his rival through the binoculars.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (CONT.}
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Let’s see you beat that, pal!
text: There's a distant RUMBLE. Morgan cups his hands behind his ears
text: to hear better. An ENGINE...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: God dam, asshole...
text: Be races inside the bridge.
text: THE BRIDGE.
text: Morgan rummages below the counter for a can of gasoline. He
text: swishes it around a few times. It's pretty low.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Shit.
text: He scrambles outside...
text: THE STERNDECK.
text: Morgan leads the horse to a rotating yoke. He harnesses it in,
text: SLAPS the horse’s rump. It begins walking round and round,
text: turning a gear which drives a jerry-rigged paddle wheel. Morgan
text: grabs the yoke and pushes alongside his horse. The sound of the
text: other guy’S ENGINE becomes tauntingly louder...
text: Morgan looks at his rival. They are converging from different
text: directions in a triangle. But his engine is at least five horse
dialog: power and Morgan’s only got the one horse. It’s hopeless...
text: But now the ENGINE SPUTTERS. COUGHS a few times, and dies.
dialog: He’s out of gas! :
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: (picking up his binoculars)
dialog: Serves you right. Gas-guzzling
dialog: stinkpot.
scene_heading: BINOCULAR POV. -
text: A scrawny guy. Looks hungry. Morgan PANS north. About two
text: hundred yards away, the wreckage is looking more promising.
text: It’s at least, two-dozen "ghost" boats, some burning, others
text: ransacked. No survivors.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE.
text: Morgan grabs an acoustic megaphone from the stern locker. He
text: moves to the port rail.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: (thru megaphone)
text: AHOY DRIFTER!!! I CLAIM THIS FLOTSAM.
dialog: IF YOU APPROACH...I'LL KILL YOU. 1
text: REPEAT, KEEP AWAY UNTIL I HAVE SAILED.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 16.
text: AMID THE SMOKE. LATER.
text: WE ARE surrounded by floating debris. ‘The remains of a flotilla
text: in the typical "ring formation. The “Miranda” is drifting in
text: the oily “centerwater,” near a floating platform.
text: Morgan drags out another contraption. Some kind of slanted
text: rubber conveyer belt. He sets it up on the stern, angling it
text: into the water. Attaches the horse to another harness and the
text: belt begins to move. The oil and water travel up the tilted
text: belt, separating as they do. The heavier water slips back down
text: into the sea, the more viscous oil sticks to the rubber and
text: moves up the belt until it falls over the lip into a container
text: that Morgan has set up. He's skimming oil.
text: Morgan glances at the other drifter who waits patiently, sails
text: lowered, about fifty yards away. He grabs his speargun and
text: leaps onto the nearby platform, tying down his barge with a
text: loose line. Leaving his horse to continue skimming...
text: Morgan looks around at the ring of "ghost" vessels. WIND
text: WHISTLES through large holes in the hulls, gorged by stray
text: artillery shells. A bridge door BANGS open and closed, hanging
text: from one hinge. In the distance, a windmill power genny SQUEAKS
text: round and round -- WE RECOGNIZE this from “Oasis.” Morgan
text: focuses his gaze on a severely charred platform across the way,
text: all but burnt to a crisp. That's where he wants to go.
text: He begins to make his way from ship to ship. They've been
dialog: stripped clean of every conceivable scrap. Ne'er a cleat remains.
text: Even the decking has been ripped up for scavenged lumber.
scene_heading: THE BURNT PLATFORM.
text: Morgan boards it with a grim expression. Amid the charcoal
text: timbers...are roasted human remains!! Morgan picks up a skull
text: with cool detachment. Still plenty of flesh -- this was recent.
text: He drops the skull, looks around for clues. Something catches
text: his eye. He kneels down, picks it up -- a feather!!
text: A feather attached to a fragment of cloth. Morgan stares at it,
text: an intense expression. Unblinking, his eyes speak volumes.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A BOY
text: About four-years old. Somewhere else, another time. He's found
text: a bird. One of his eyes is green, one is blue. He holds up the
text: bird. A big smile.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Daddy, look! An an-im-al!!
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
speaker_heading: MORGAN.
text: Thinking, staring at the feather...
text: There is a THUD. Morgan spins. It‘s the other drifter, boarding
text: the platform behind him. -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: ae
dialog: 17,
dialog: (CONT. }
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: That little fucker!!
text: Morgan races to intercept him. The drifter drops his rope
text: sheepishly. He's emaciated. Looks like he hasn't eaten in
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Listen, stranger. I gave you fair
dialog: warning. I kill people who cross me.
dialog: You got it?
text: Morgan COCKS his gun for emphasis. The drifter nods
text: diminutively. He's too weak to speak.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You ain't gonna find nothing to eat
dialog: here. Unless you're a cannibal and
dialog: you like it well-done.
speaker_heading: DRIFTER
dialog: Any...thing...
text: Morgan looks at him for a moment.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: This was recent. You see them sail?
text: The drifter can’t stand it any longer. He's salivating...
speaker_heading: DRIFTER
dialog: Please...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Which direction??
text: The drifter points weakly.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: East??
speaker_heading: DRIFTER
dialog: Oil...trail...
text: Morgan looks where he pointed. Sure enough, there's a narrow
text: slick of oil receding into the distance. One of the pirate
text: boats must have been leaking. Morgan turms back to the drifter.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: O.K., pal. Dig in.
text: The drifter dives down, grabs a bone and attacks it.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Don’t eat too fast. You'll get sick.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: DUSK.
text: Morgan is at the bow of the "Miranda." In the background, WE
text: SEE the remains of "Oasis" receding in his wake...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 18.
dialog: (CONT. }
text: He's got an old rag wrapped around a stick in one hand, a compass
text: in the other. He dips the rag in gasoline, lights it witha
text: flint striker. Tosses the burning torch ahead in the water.
text: Suddenly, the “oil-trail" ignites and shoots an arrow of flame
text: along the floating bead towards the horizon. It's like a comet.
text: Morgan checks his compass -- East-South-#ast.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: LAZLO.
text: Addressing an assembly. It's night and as he speaks WE PULL
text: BACK REVEALING more and more details of the pirate encampment.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: It’s an imperfect world, gentlemen.
dialog: There will always be strength and
dialog: weakness.
text: Lazlo is seated on his throne platform. Around him, stand
text: Helmut, Carlos and Dieter. Above them, is a massive water
text: tower, the central node of the pirate flotilla...
speaker_heading: LAZLO (Cont'd)
dialog: Why not be on the side of strength?
dialog: We offer you an opportunity here, a
dialog: last chance for redemption. You're at
dialog: an age where you can still choose your
dialog: own path...
text: Huge hose spill down from the tower reservoir, like gigantic
text: umbilical cords, sucking up fresh water from pirate vessels that
dialog: have docked to unload the latest bounty...
speaker_heading: LAZLO (Cont'd)
dialog: Resistance takes so mich effort. And
dialog: what's the point? No one will ever
dialog: defeat us. You know that in your
dialog: hearts.
text: Behind Lazio, the sheer magnitude of the pirate flotilla is
text: becoming evident. Hundreds of boats -- the best and fastest --
text: berthed in a haphazard "town" of several acres. Gaslights burn
text: in many vessels, and shadowy FIGURES stumble across the planks
text: from boat to boat, bottles in hand. The sound of LAUGHTER,
scene_heading: MUSIC and GENERAL DEBAUCHERY.
speaker_heading: LAZLO (Cont'd)
dialog: Look around you, my sons. You could
dialog: be part of this. And loyalty is so
dialog: effortless. "Do what you're told.”
dialog: What could be simpler?
text: WE HAVE PULLED BACK enough to reveal the people Lazlo is
text: addressing. Several dozen YOUNG BOYS -- the one's from “Oasis" --
text: standing in a triangular formation. But their appearance has
text: changed. They have been "branded" with the pirate triangle in
text: their forehead. Their faces are streaked with warpaint.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: ig.
dialog: (CONT. }
text: Troy is standing at the peak of the triangle, facing Lazlo
text: directly. lLazlo looks right at him.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: I offer this to you -- the chance to
dialog: be one of us. Part of our family...
dialog: I have a dream for us, gentlemen.
dialog: That when we find Water's End...and we
dialog: will find it first... that it becomes
dialog: a place of strength. I see no room
dialog: for sickness there, for disease, the
text: crippled, the enfeebled. Just
dialog: strength... perfect physical
dialog: specimens, perfect discipline, pure
dialog: strength. Do you have it in you to be
dialog: part of this dream? This is the final
dialog: Question.
text: Lazlo stands up.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: My sons will supervise your training.
text: He leaves. Dieter moves towards the boys.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: It's pretty simple. Bend or break.
dialog: You either join us or die. Carlos
dialog: teaches you how to fight. If you
dialog: survive his little seminar, you'll be
text: half-way there.
text: Helmut makes eye-contact with Troy who looks utterly petrified.
text: He moves closer to him at the top of the triangle.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (so only TROY can hear)
dialog: I was standing there, once. It's not
dialog: so bad.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE "MIRANDA."
text: Morgan is taking a noon-sighting with his sextant. He marks his
text: position on a featureless map. Grabs his compass and spyglass
text: and moves towards the mast. He uncleats a line, hooks one end
text: to the horse's yoke. Puts his foot in a loop on the other end.
text: Morgan slaps the horse on the rump...it walks towards the stern,
text: hoisting Morgan up the mast. He checks his compass, looks out
dialog: with the spyglass. Nothing...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SUNSET.
text: Morgan collects the strands of kelp drying on the racks. He
text: crumbles them up and puts them in a pail. Carries it over toa
text: trough and pours some out.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 20,
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: (calling to his horse}
dialog: Dinnertime...
text: Morgan grabs a handful for himself and munches on it. He
text: carries his pail to the kelp locker and opens it up. He starts
text: to fill the bucket then notices something -- a long blonde hair!
text: Morgan holds it up. Almost indiscernible at first. Immediately,
text: he jumps to nis feet and races towards the bridge.
speaker_heading: INSIDE.
text: He grabs his speargun, loads two bolts and pumps it up. He
text: unbuckles the sheath of his survival knife.
scene_heading: THE STERN.
text: One by one, he yanks open the lockers, thrusting the speargun
text: inside.. He's taking no chances as he works his way forward.
dialog: THE BOW.
text: The forward lockers seems to be in order. He checks the shadowy
text: recesses between pieces of machinery. There is a NOISE behind
text: him. He spins instantaneously, drawing his knife...
dialog: It's the horse...
text: Morgan hesitates. He leads his horse inside the bridge then re--
text: emerges. Night has almost fallen. Morgan rummages in a chest
text: for an old lantern. He shakes it to see if there is any
text: kerosene left and lights it with a flint-striker.
scene_heading: MEANWHILE. INSIDE.
text: WE ARE below the floor boards, looking upwards through the
text: cracks. A mysterious POV. The horse CLOMPS around directly
text: above us. Now WE SEE, Morgan entering the bridge. As he moves
text: around the cabin swiftly checking all the corners, WE CATCH
text: GLIMPSES of him through the cracks. Then, he disappears...
text: WE HEAR a board CREAKING. Where is he?? Suddenly, the planks
text: rip open above us. Morgan is glaring down at us, his weapons
dialog: drawn...
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE.
text: It is little Enola, cowering in a recess under the floorboards.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: (growling)
dialog: Get out of there you little...
text: At that instant, Helen comes flying out of nowhere. She leaps
text: onto Morgan's back, looping a fish-line garotte around his neck.
text: Morgan thrashes backward. He lashes out with his knife but
text: Helen deftly avoids the blade, pulling the fish line with all
dialog: her might.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: el.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: Morgan spins around trying to free himself with centrifugal
text: acceleration. His face is turning red with the build-up of
text: pressure. Helen BASHES against the sides of the the cabin as
text: they turn. An avalanche of fishing rods spill off a rack,
text: nautical instruments are flying everywhere.
text: The horse begins to shake its head and rear, slicing the air
text: with its hoofs. It kicks Morgan's arm, sending his knife
text: flying. It lands inches from Enola's nose as she climbs out of
dialog: her hiding place...
text: Helen is still choking Morgan with both hands. The speargun
text: FIRES, slamming a bolt into the starboard wall. Enola looks
text: around for a weapon. Helen can't hold on any longer. Still
text: weak from the pirate wound, she releases. Slumps to the ground.
speaker_heading: ENOLA (0.S.)
dialog: STOP!!
text: She's got a revolver. Enola points it at Morgan with both hands.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Don't kill her! We don't want to hurt
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You could have fooled me...
text: It's a stand-off. Morgan has his speargun leveled at Helen's
text: forehead. Enola is pointing the revolver at Morgan's chest.
text: Helen clutches her side, wincing with pain...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: {cool as death)
dialog: Drop it before I blow her face off...
text: Enola hesitates. She looks to Helen for advice but she is too
text: preoccupied with her own discomfort.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Drop yours first... .
text: Morgan presses the speargun barrel against Helen's skin.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Say goodbye...
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: (panicking)
dialog: Waitl! Wait...
text: She lowers her gun. Lets it drop at her feet.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Don't kill us, please. We were
dialog: attacked by pirates! They killed
dialog: everybody!1 We're the only survivors.
text: Morgan pulls his gun back. A beat. They stare at each other.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 22.
dialog: (CONT. }
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: She's wounded. Please help us...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: (holding up the feather)
dialog: The man...was he wearing these?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Yes...
text: Morgan thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I unload you at the next flotilla.
dialog: Until then, you do what I say...when I
dialog: say it. You catch your own food and
dialog: you better start recycling your piss,
dialog: because I'm not sharing my hydro.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE NEXT MORNING.
text: Helen's on the berth. Enola changes the dressing on her wound.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I'm fine. The salt water cauterized
dialog: it.
text: Morgan leans in the doorway and calls in to Enola.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Let's go, girl.
text: He SLAMS the door. Helen and Enola look at each other.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Go on, dolphin. Everything will be
dialog: O.X. We still have our lucky amlets.
text: The glass pendants still hang from their necks.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: THE DECK. DAY.
text: Enola is strapped up to the top of the mast as a “lookout".
text: Morgan calls up to her from below.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: East-south-east.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: I know...I know.
text: She looks through the spyglass.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Nothing.
text: Morgan hoists up a small green flag.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: at
dialog: 23.
dialog: {CONT.)
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Tie that up there.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: What does it mean?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Means I have something to trade.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You.
text: Enola looks at him nervously.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Keep looking.
text: IN THE CABIN.
text: Helen is on lying on the berth, patching sails with scraps of
text: cloth. She hears the SOUNDS of Morgan moving about outside.
text: Helen strains to sit up straight and see what's going on outside
text: through a small window. But her mobility is severely limited.
text: She's obviously in a lot more pain than she let on.
text: Helen listens. Is he crossing to the stern? She notices a
text: small crack in the rear wall. Puts her eye to it.
text: POV THROUGH CRACK.
text: Morgan is rumaging through a locker. He moves out of view.
text: comes back. He has a rope. Reaches into a bin. Puils
dialog: something out... God, it's a skull!!
text: ON HELEN.
text: A look of horror. He's a cannibal!! Now he moves aside and
text: disappears. Helen thinks for a moment. Then, begins to drag
text: herself towards the door.
text: OUTSIDE, ON THE STERN.
text: Morgan looks at the skull for a moment. Still has a little
text: flesh. Pretty burnt though. He's not going to eat it, is he?
dialog: Our hero... Jesus.
text: Morgan grabs a steel wire, loops it through the eye sockets and
text: ties a boline to a thick nylon cable. He tosses the skull over
text: the stern rail, letting the line pay out. He's trawling for
dialog: sharks... whew!
text: MEANWHILE. ON THE BOW.
text: Helen calls up to Enola on the mast.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Come down, quick. He's a killer!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 24,
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: She uncleats the line and starts to lower her, wincing with pain
text: from her wound.
speaker_heading: MORGAN (0.S.)
dialog: Hey! Who said you could relieve her?
text: Helen turns. She grabs an oar, brandishing it as a weapon.
speaker_heading: HRELEN
dialog: Stay back!
text: Morgan marches up menacingly. Enola is dangling half-way up the
dialog: mast.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Get your ass back up there. And keep
dialog: your eyes glued to the goddamn scope!
text: Helen swings the oar back and forth in warning.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Hold it right there!
text: Morgan narrows his eyes. Just then, the entire boat jerks to
text: one side. Morgan races back towards the stern.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I don't know. Quick...
text: Helen lowers her down. The boat continues to shake...
scene_heading: THE STERN.
text: Morgan is fighting what mist be a mammoth shark. The line whips
text: from side to side, back and forth. Morgan cleats it to the
text: paddle-wheel. He and the horse begin to reel it in. Helen and
text: Enola come peeking around the corner, watching him...
text: He turns, netices them. Morgan tosses Helen the speargun.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You'll only get one shot. Make sure
text: it's in the brain.
text: He goes back to the paddle wheel, hauling in the monster shark,
text: now only thirty yards from the boat. Thrashing wildly, leaping
text: out of the water...it's a nasty-looking hammerhead.
text: ON HELEN.
text: She looks at the gun. Looks at Morgan facing away. Vulnerable.
text: The shark is almost within range... five yards and closing.
text: Helen raises the gun. Is she aiming at Morgan?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Now!! .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONT.)
text: Helen hesitates... then swings the gun towards the shark and
text: nails him between the eyes. It goes limp. Morgan storms up to
text: Helen, grabs the gun and stares her in the eye.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Why the fuck did you wait?? A fish
dialog: that size could sink us!!
text: Helen is silent. Morgan turns to Enola.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Get back up in the crow's nest, girl.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: My name's Enola.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Not to me.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: THE CABIN. NIGHT.
text: Morgan has cooked a fish soup. He ladles out the bowls.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (cautious)
dialog: Thanks for sharing your catch.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You helped.
text: He passes cut the bowls. But mola refuses.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: I'm not hungry.
text: She gets ur and runs outside.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Enola, come back here and finish your
dialog: dinner! Can you get her, please?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: She'll be fine. Just wants some
dialog: attention.
text: Helen looks at him for a moment.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You have kids?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
text: A son. He’s dead.
text: Helen glance@s at the life-preserver, racked against the wall.
text: The ship name "MIRANDA" is stenciled on it.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Was she your wife? Miranda...
text: Morgan turmcss to face her.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 26,
dialog: (CONT. }
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I don't like questions.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You like talking about your husband?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Enola never had a father. I adopted
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Too bad for you. Now you gotta keep
text: her alive.
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
text: THE PIRATE CAMP.
text: Lazlo is seated on his thrown, surrounded by his sons. A
text: diminutive FIGURE cowers at his feet.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
text: He was scavenging some burning flotsam
dialog: about a week ago. Said he noticed a
text: little girl and a woman sneak on to
text: another guy's boat.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Did she have a tattoo, drifter?
text: The figure raises his head slightly -- it's the emaciated
text: scavenger. He looks a little better, but not much.
speaker_heading: , DRIFTER
dialog: I think so, yes.. Your Lordship. Uh...
dialog: respectfully... a little something for
dialog: my services. A pour-boire...
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Give him a drink.
text: The drifter kisses Lazio's feet. Dieter yanks him to his feet
text: and marches him towards the edge of the platform. There's a
text: gigantic anchor, so huge it must have come from an ocean liner.
text: Tne drifter stares at it for a second, then his expression
text: becomes anxious. Before he can react, Dieter has clamped his
text: wrists into iron manacles chained to the anchor.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Big reward, huh?
text: He nudges the mammoth anchor in the water with a large lever.
text: The drifter looks down in a panic as the chain pays out at
text: lightning speed beside his feet. Then, in a flash, he is sucked
text: overboard, SCREAMING...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: THE "MIRANDA." DAY,
text: Enola calls down from the crow's nest.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Look!
text: Morgan races up -- there's a flashing light on the horizon. Not
text: a signal. It's irregular, like sunlight reflecting off
text: something shiny. Morgan checks his compass. Just a few ticks
dialog: off East-South-East. It's gotta be them.
text: He lowers Enola down from the mast, intense expression.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: (grabbing the scope)
dialog: Give me that... back off!
text: Enola retreats, bumping into something. She turns and jumps
dialog: with fright...
text: A big white nose...
text: She's come face-to-face with the horse, who shakes its head
text: good-naturedly. Enola stares at it, unsure of what to do. She
text: reaches out tentatively to touch it...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Hey! Stay away from him.
text: fnola looks him abruptly in the eye.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: You just pretend to be mean. But I
dialog: know you really aren't. It's ‘cause
dialog: you're scared...
text: Morgan glares at her.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You don't know anything about me and
dialog: it's gonna stay that way. -
text: Enola sticks out her tongue at him. He ignores her, goes back
dialog: to the scope.
text: POV THROUGH SCOPE.
text: Magnified but still indistinct. Irregular flashing. Definitely
text: something manmade. Could certainly be a flotilla.
speaker_heading: MORGAN.
text: Narrows his eyes. The adrenaline begins to surge.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Get your mother! I want you off this
dialog: boat.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 28.
dialog: (CONT...)
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You Gdeaf?? The ride's over. Get out
dialog: of here! !
text: Enola races into the cabin. Morgan crosses to his booby-trap
text: barrel. Once again, he attaches the wire trigger to the hook on
text: the lid, Replaces it ever-so-lightly. What else? Spear gun...
dialog: oxygen tank...
text: Enola emerges from the cabin helping Helen who's still limping.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I don't understand... you're just
dialog: going to toss us in the ocean?
text: Morgan's eyes look possessed.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You see this barrel? There's about
text: four hundred pounds of dynamite in it.
dialog: You wanna be here when they set it
dialog: off? No... didn't think so. So grab
dialog: a piece of wood, and get the fuck
dialog: overboard. This is goodbye, gang. It
dialog: was nice to know you...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: We wouldn't stand a chance out there.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: You can't do that to us! She's still
dialog: hurt.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You don't get it, do you? I don't
dialog: give a shit about you.
text: Enola looks hurt.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: What about you? You're going down
text: with the ship.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: And what if I am...
text: Enola has noticed something. She points eastward.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
text: It's gone.
text: The flashing has stopped. Shadows suddenly disappear. Morgan
text: looks up at the sun. It's been obscured behind an enormous grey
dialog: cloud.
text: Morgan smelis the air. Strangely still -- the sail, motionless.
text: The sky turns silver... The horse NEIGHS nervously.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 29.
dialog: (CONT. }
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Goddamnit!! Move! Get inside and
dialog: secure everything...
text: They bolt. Morgan quickly straps in all his barreis. Lowers
text: the sail and lashes it down.
speaker_heading: INSIDE.
text: Helen and Enola are busy stowing things in the lockers. Morgan
text: comes in with the horse. He clears one wall and straps the
text: horse against it with thick webbing. He tosses Helen some rope.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Tie yourself down. I'11 get her.
text: The winds begin to WHISTLE around the cabin. The barge rolls
text: with the growing swells. Enola climbs onto her berth and begins
text: to strap herself down. Morgan comes over to assist her.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: I can do it myself.
speaker_heading: THE OCEAN.
text: The winds are picking up fast. The tiny barge begins to look
text: dwarfed by the size of the waves. It rises up twenty feet with
text: the swells and CRASHES down into the troughs, spraying up
dialog: whitewater.
text: IN THE CABIN.
text: The small room begins to roll nauseatingly. The wind HOWLS
text: through the cracks. Morgan staggers over to a free wall and
text: ties himself against it.
text: The horse's tongue hangs down pathetically. Its eyes are
text: bulging...
text: Enola and Helen are tied to their berths and are moving in
text: tandem with the cabin which oscillates like a huge pendulum.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE.
text: It's a full gale now. The sky is deep gray. Wind hammers
text: incessantly inte the tiny vessel. Water sprays everywhere. The
text: mast soars wildly through the air like a conductor's baton.
speaker_heading: IN THE CABIN
text: A locker BURSTS OPEN, sending an avalanche of cargo across the
text: room onto Helen, She winces, holding her forehead. Everything
text: is rocking like a see-saw. The NOISE is deafening.
text: Helen closes her eyes. An instant later, she is leaning over,
text: retching violently onto the floor. She opens her eyes,
text: resignedly.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 30,
dialog: (CONT. }
text: The horse WHINNIES in agony. It begins to buck and flail
text: against its straps.
text: CLOSE ON STRAPS -- The webbing is old. One edge begins to give,
dialog: ripping...
text: Enola is directly in line with the horse. She takes her glass
text: pendant off and holds it in both hands tight against her chest.
text: The horse is thrashing in the background. Suddenly, the straps
text: ripti! The horse comes crashing across the cabin, directly
dialog: towards Enola... she will be crushed!!!
text: At the last instant, the cabin shifts in the opposite direction,
text: sending the horse sidestepping away from her...
text: It SLAMS into another wall, ripping open several lockers.
text: Objects spill out and bounce around the cabin floor.
text: Morgan unties himself to secure the horse. Enola ioosens her
text: straps wisely as the cabin shifts again. The horse is coming
dialog: back... LOOK QUTI!!
text: Enola dives off her berth a nanosecond before the horse SMASHES
text: against it, crushing the planks like egg shelis...
text: Enola is on all fours. She's lost her pendant. Objects are
text: flying back and forth through the air. Helen SCREAMS above the
dialog: bediam.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Get back to your berth!!
text: But Enola has spotted her pendant on the opposite side of the
text: cabin floor. She's crawling for it. The horse stumbles by
text: epileptically, stomping inches from Enola's hand.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE.
text: The mast is whipping back and forth with the relentless wind.
text: It bows at at unimaginable angle and SNAPS suddenly, SMASHING
dialog: into the cabin...
speaker_heading: INSIDE.
text: The mast comes CRASHING through the cabin boards, gorging a
text: window-sized hole in the starboard wall. Morgan has managed to
dialog: get the horse and himself strapped down...
text: But now Exola's pendant slides across the floor towards the hole
text: in the starboard side. She starts to move for it.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: No, Enolai! Get back here!!
text: Emola is determined to retrieve her glass amulet. It's sliding
text: towards her now. She reaches. Inches from her fingers...
text: Now the boat rolls the other way and the pendant slides back
text: towards the hole in the wall...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: ...stopping a hair short of slipping onto the deck. One more
text: roll and it'll be lost forever into the ocean. Enola races
dialog: across...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Enola!! Don'tt!
text: Helen loosens her straps. She starts to sit up, but winces in
text: pain. Her belly wound is still raw... She hesitates.
text: The room rolls again and Enocla's pendant slides outside. She
text: leans out to reach for it. Suddenly, a flood of water sweeps
text: past and sucks Enola outside...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: NO!!!
scene_heading: ON MORGAN.
text: Looking at Helen, at the hole...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
text: THE YOUNG BOY.
text: SCREAMING. ..a hand clamps over his mouth. His green/blue eyes
text: darting back and forth.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
text: DON'T TOUCH MY SON!! PLEASE...
text: A biade comes down. Blood splatters against the deck. A woman
text: lies dead, her throat slit...
speaker_heading: ON MORGAN
text: An instant decision.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Stay where you are!! I'll get herti
text: WE ARE back in the present. Morgan rips off his straps and
text: moves quickly to the opening where Enola was swept away...
text: CUTSIDE THE HOLE.
text: He peers out into the raging torrent. The wind rips around the
text: boat, pounding it with water. No sign of Enola. Morgan ties a
text: rope around his waist and secures the other end to a post. He
text: dives blindly into the inky water...
speaker_heading: THE OCEAN.
text: The water froths up like an gigantic washing machine. Morgan is
text: carried helplessly with waves.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Hey!! Girlit!
text: She is nowhere to be seen. Morgan's safety rope is stretched
text: taut to the limit. He calls out again, this time with her name.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ;
dialog: 32.
dialog: {CONT . }
speaker_heading: MORGAN
speaker_heading: ENOLA! !
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Here!
text: Another thirty yards out. He's going to have to untie himself.
text: But the imstant he does so, he is sucked away from her. He's
text: helpless against the unyielding wash...
text: Morgan spots the broken mast, floating to his left. It's his
text: only shot. It takes ali his strength to swim up to it. With
text: his last surge of energy, Morgan swings the mast towards Enola.
text: She grabs it, holding on for life... Morgan paddles against the
text: raging waves, guiding them back to the boat. One arm against
dialog: the titanic power of the ocean...
text: ON THE BOAT.
text: Helen is standing near the rail. She tosses out a life-
text: preserver on a guide line. It falis near Morgan but he relays
text: it to Enola. Helen pulls her on board. Enola coughs up
text: mouthfuls of water.
text: But now a great wave lifts the mast high into the air. It comes
text: SLAMMING Gown on Morgan. He goes under... Helen and Fnola stare
text: helplessly into the oceanic tumult for signs of Morgan.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Where is he??
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: we lost him.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: (crying)
dialog: He saved my life!! We have to help
dialog: him!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: We'll all drown that way...
text: Enola becomes HYSTERICAL.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Stop it! There's nothing we can do!
text: Helen opens the door to the bridge cabin and guides Enola
text: inside, as she continues to struggle.
text: IN THE BRIDGE.
text: Enola is in shock, SCREAMING and flailing her arms. Helen
text: forces her onto the berth, starts tieing her down.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Waitt! Waitt!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Quiet, Enola!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: Helen cups her hand over Enola's mouth. Enola seams to be
text: trying to say something, gesturing with her arm. Helen grabs
text: the arm and ties it down, ignoring her pleas.
speaker_heading: ENOLA'S POV.
text: She can see a hand, struggling to claw it's way onto a purchase
text: through the starboard hole...
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE.
text: Morgan is dangling from one arm off the starboard side of the
text: hull. Waves crash against him, challenging his grip...
scene_heading: INSIDE. -
dialog: The fingers slipping... will Helen notice?
speaker_heading: ON ENOLA.
text: She wrenches her hand free and SLAPS Helen across the face.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: The drifter!
text: Helen turns. She dives to help Morgan. Their hands come
text: together, locking at the wrists... she hauls him aboard.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: DEAD CALM.
text: Balmy, flat ocean. The devastated barge floats quietly in the
text: storm's aftermath. Morgan is busy resurrecting the mast. He's
text: harnessed the horse and they are hoisting it up with a thick
text: hemp cable. The green "trading" flag is still flying on the
text: masthead. Morgan's face goes red with the exertion. They've
dialog: got the mast to 60°. One last effort now...it's up! Morgan
dialog: lashes it in place.
text: INSIDE. .
text: Enola is lying alongside Helen on the berth. She is teary-eyed.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: You said as long as we had them we'd
dialog: never be separated. What's going to
dialog: happen now?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You can have mine, dolphin. It's just
dialog: as lucky.
text: Helen takes the amulet from around her neck and gives it to
text: Enola who looks at it dubiously.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 34,
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: Morgan enters through the door and glares at them. He's out of
text: breath, a fountain of perspiration.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: What are you doing? I told you to
dialog: clean out the bilge!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: She's still upset...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Upset? My boat's been wiped out! She
dialog: almost got us all killed over a stupid
dialog: pendant. Don't tempt met I've gota
dialog: bad side and you don't want to see it.
text: Morgan reaches out and pulls Enola from the berth.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Get to work!
text: But suddenly Helen grabs Morgan's wrist and yanks him down to
dialog: face her.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Don't ever touch her like that again!
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I make the rules around here!! You're
dialog: stowaways. I usually kill stowaways.
text: Enola begins to CRY.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You're just a little pirate, aren't
dialog: you?
text: Morgan raises his arm to hit her, but restrains himself.
text: Enola has stopped crying but now is looking at Morgan with
text: terror in her eyes. Who is this man? Morgan stares back at
dialog: her.
scene_heading: CLOSE -- ENCLA'S EYES.
text: Full of suspicion.
scene_heading: MORGAN'S EYES.
text: Going withirc. Remembering...
scene_heading: HIS SON'S EYES.
text: Blue and green, smiling back at him.
scene_heading: ON MORGAN.
text: He softens. Impulsively, Morgan picks Enola up in his arms and
text: marches her outside. Helen moves to intercept him, but winces
text: with pain, clutching her bandaged wound.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: aa
dialog: 35.
text: THE DECK.
text: Enola holds on warily as Morgan carries her purposefully across
dialog: the deck. Where are they going? Overboard??
text: Morgan stops at the horse. He lifts Enola up and places her on
text: its back. Enola's expression goes through the following range:
text: terror, bewilderment, curiosity, intrigue, excitement, and joy,
text: all in about three seconds.
text: She begins to pet the horse's mane, looking cautiously towards
dialog: Morgan for approval. -
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: I knew you weren't mean,
text: Morgan half smiles.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: You don't talk to people much, do you?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: What's your name?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I don't need a name.
speaker_heading: ON KELEN
text: She's on her feet, watching them from the doorway to the bridge.
text: Helen can't hear what they're saying but Morgan clearly will not
dialog: harm her child.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ENCLA.
text: She looks at the horse.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: (conspiratorial)
dialog: You're from Water's End too, right?
dialog: That's where you got the an-im-al...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I saved him from a sinking cargo ship.
dialog: What do you mean, "too?"
text: Enola glances at Helen for a moment. She hesitates.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Helen found me when I was a baby ina
text: boat full of earth-greens and sand.
dialog: Also, the glass amulets. That's why
dialog: they're lucky...
text: Morgan takes this in for a moment, then:
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Why are you telling me?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 36.
dialog: (CONT . }
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: You can help us get back there.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Itm not looking for Water's End.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: What dtyou mean? Everyone's looking
dialog: for it.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Not me.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Don't you dream about it?
text: Morgan shakes his head, expressionless.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Close your eyes...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: dust close them... please. It‘s a
dialog: . game.
text: Morgan closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Now, picture Water's End. What's the
dialog: first thing you do when you get there?
text: Morgan frowns. Hesitates. He opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Let the animal run.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: See. You do have a dream when you
dialog: close your eyes! D'you like Helen...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I don't like anybody. Too risky.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: You don't like me?
dialog: Morgan looks at her. How can you not like this kid?
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: You're going to help us, right?
text: But Morgan pulls himself back.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Listen, Enola. A dream is just a dream.
dialog: If you really came from Water's End,
dialog: then why did they set you drifting?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: To bring back all the Searchers...
text: Enola lifts her sleeve and points to the tattoo on her left
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: See this? That's the secret map.
dialog: That's what we have to figure out.
text: At that moment, Helen walks up to them and pulls Enola off the
dialog: horse.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I told you never to tell that to
dialog: atrangers!! Never!! Are you crazy??
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE BOW. NIGHT.
text: A cloudless sky, the stars shine brilliantly. Morgan is alone,
text: charting his position against the constellations. His lifts up
text: his sextant. Now, Helen approaches from inside...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: What are you doing up?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I'm feeling better. I thought maybe
dialog: you wanted company.
text: Morgan looks at her. Company?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I never had a chance to thank you for
dialog: saving her.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Don't bother. It was crazy. I
dialog: wouldn't do it again.
text: They look at one another.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: What are you thinking about?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: We were so close to them, I could
text: taste it. Now it's back to zero.
text: He turns back to his sextant. Helen studies him for a moment.
text: That's all he thinks about -- pirates? She shakes her head,
text: looks down. Tries another tack.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: My grandfather used to tell the stories
text: about the Great Thaw. As the water rose,
dialog: the animals went higher and higher,
dialog: until there was no place left but the
dialog: stars. I used to know all their names.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
dialog: 38.
text: She looks up at the stars, thinking... she points at a
dialog: constellation.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Leo... that's one. He was the
dialog: strongest...
text: Helen studies Morgan's horse for a moment.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You're animal... God, it's been so
dialog: jong. Tau... Taurus. No wait.
dialog: Pegasus. That's it. He's a Pegasus.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Enola likes him.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yes. She likes you too.
text: A beat. They stare at each other. It hangs there for a moment,
text: then Morgan looks down at his charts. Helen sighs.
text: Morgan frowns.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I want to go with you.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Find those pirates.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: They took prisoners when they attacked
dialog: us, Women and young boys. My
dialog: sister's there.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: That has nothing to do with me.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Revenge. That's all you care about?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: And what if it is?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: That make you just like them.
speaker_heading: CoT TO:
scene_heading: A PERISCOPE POV. MORNING.
text: Cross-hairs and scale markings. - PANNING across the ocean.
text: Flat, blue horizon for 75°. Then a barge. A green flag is
text: flapping from its mast. It’s the “Miranda.”
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.}
dialog: Fu-ne! Fu-ne!! Sho-gyotrlt
dialog: THE “MIRANDA."
text: Helen and Enola are busy unraveling a trawling net, Morgan
dialog: feeding the horse when...
text: ...there is a CRASHING SOUND of waves.
text: A mass of water rises up beside the barge, revealing a smali,
text: antiquated submarine. Morgan races inside the bridge and
text: emerges instantly with his speargun and a pistol. He SHOUTS at
dialog: the women.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Get out of sight! Quick.
text: Morgan takes cover behind a barrel.
text: The submarine hatch SQUEAKS open. TWO JAPANESE GUYS emerge. One
text: is a fat sumo-wrestler type with a shaved head, the other is an
text: old man with an endless white beard. The fat guy has tattoos
text: all over his body -- Yakuza-style. He is GIGGLING nervously,
text: his finger twitching on the trigger of a cross-bow. The old man
text: unfurls a small green flag and waves it. Morgan eyes them
text: suspiciously, his guns drawn. :
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: {calling out)
dialog: You speak English?
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I do.
text: A completely bald BLACK WOMAN emerges from the hatch. She is
text: WANDA, tough but somehow endearing. .
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: We need spark plugs. Got any? -
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Maybe. What are you trading?
text: ANOTHER JAPANESE with round gold spectacles emerges carrying a
text: bundle. He holds it up.
speaker_heading: WANDA
text: Gill net. Two hundred yards long. No
dialog: holes.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I got all the nets I need.
text: Wanda translates for the Japanese. The old man seems to be the
text: boss. Wanda is just the interpreter. They came to a decision.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: How ‘bout hydro? Five G's for six
text: plugs.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Ten.
text: Translation. Another debate. Fatty points to the horse and
text: says something to Wanda.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: The animal. Would you trade it?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: No. No way.
text: Enola turns to Helen, as the Japanese debate some more.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: why would they want the an-im-al on
dialog: their submarine?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: They want to eat it...
text: Enola reacts in disgust. Wanda turns back with their decision.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Q.K. You're on. Ten G's.
text: Spectacles goes below and gets two jugs of water.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Tell him to drink some.
text: Spectacles puts the jug to his lips and takes a swig. He smiles.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: The other one too.
text: He tries the second. Morgan waits for him to swallow but he
text: can't fake it anymore. He spits the salt water back into the
text: ocean. The Japanese grin sheepishly.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Real cute.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Hey give us a break. It's tough
text: getting hydro in a sub.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: O.K. Five gallons. But there's one
dialog: more thing.
text: Morgan stands and points to Helen and Enola.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Take these two to a flotilla.
text: Helen stands up, enraged.
speaker_heading: RELEN
dialog: You can't hand us over to these thugs.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: ae
dialog: 41.
dialog: (CONT. }
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: That's right, drifter. You think
dialog: we're running a ferry service?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Then no deal.
text: He turns to Helen.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: They're harmless. Look at them.
text: Meanwhile, Wanda transiates and Fatty smiles broadly. He looks
text: at Helen lecherously.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: I don't like them. I don't want to
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You're much safer on a sub. No
dialog: pirates, no hurricanes. It's the
dialog: quickest way you're going to get to
dialog: another flotilla...
text: Morgan grabs six spark plugs froma locker. Helen looks
dialog: shattered. .
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I can't take responsibility for you
dialog: anymore. Drifters just don't take
dialog: passengers.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I guess I was right about you.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: (menace)
dialog: Yeah, maybe you were. You know how
dialog: many people I've had to kill just to
dialog: stay alive?
text: She's about to speak but doesn't. He softens.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: We're looking for different things.
text: Helen hesitates.
text: Then she plays her trump card.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Listen. You know what Enola said
dialog: about her tattoo? It's true. We're
dialog: going to get to Water's End. I'll cut
dialog: you in.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I don't believe in Water's End.
text: The Japanese throw down a boarding plank. Spectacles carries
text: the water across and snatches the plugs from Morgan's hands.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: a2.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: Fatty grabs Helen by the arm.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Get your hands offa me, jumbo!!
text: Helen glares at Morgan.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I've always been solo.
text: The Japanese escort the women across the plank.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Helen...
text: She turns. Morgan tosses her his survival knife in its sheath.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Do what you gotta do...
text: The Japanese move to intercept the knife but Helen pulls it out
dialog: of the air...
text: On the fly, she has yanked the gleaming blade out of its sheath
text: and flashed it up in warning. The Japanese are impressed.
text: Obviously, Helen knows her way around a knife.
text: She turns back to Morgan and scowls at him.
text: He averts his eyes and moves towards his horse. The Japanese
text: push the women below and pull back the plank.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: See you on the waves, drifter.
text: They close the hatch and dive.
text: Morgan turns back and watches the bubbles ripple to the surface
text: as the sub sinks and sinks...
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INSIDE THE SUB. NIGHT.
text: The galley is a cramped, claustrophobic affair with steam
text: HISSING from leaky valves. Water DRIPS down in several
text: locations causing swamps of moss and corrosion.
text: Enola and Helen are sleeping in a pair of hammocks which CREAK
text: back and forth with the currents.
text: A large dark form sneaks up on them. It’s Fatty, holding a
text: rope. He reaches down for Helen's wrist...
text: .-but she springs bolt uprighti!! Knife drawn. Enola blinks
text: her eyes sleepily.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I'm warning you, hippo!! You touch
dialog: me, you’re sashimi.
text: Fatty withdraws GRUNTING obscenities under his breath.
speaker_heading: CuT To:
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: THE “MIRANDA”. DAY.
text: Morgan has returned his barge to a semblance of order. He is
text: busy at the stern hauling in the kelp-trawling nets. Pulling
text: the dripping strands of kelp into a big pile.
text: Then, he notices something shiny caught in the rope netting. He
text: reaches for it...
dialog: Enola's amulet!!!
text: Morgan holds it up in the sun. He stares at the glass lens in
text: disbelief. Gazes out towards the empty horizon. Looks back at
dialog: the lens. Pensive...
text: As if on cue, the horse trots up to him. They stare at each
text: other like lonely bachelors.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Don't look at me like that. I already
dialog: had my family.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE SUB ENGINE ROOM. DAY.
text: The submarine's antiquated engine churns round and round like a
text: broken blender. wanda is replacing the spark plugs, oiling the
text: valves. Helen's watching her while Enola wanders about
text: aimlessly.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Daihiro tried to get in your pants?
dialog: That two-timing $.0.B... He's gettin’
dialog: sick of me, I can feel it. I like
dialog: tying him up, you know... kinky stuff.
text: Helen makes a face. Enola walks up, petulant and grumpy.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: I miss him.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: The drifter.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Kow can you miss a pirate??
text: Enola looks at her, frowning.
speaker_heading: PERISCOPE PCV.
text: A large flotilla.
text: ANGLE ON SPECTACLES.
text: He pulls away from the eye-piece and calls out to the others.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
speaker_heading: SPECTACLES
dialog: e Arimasu Fu-ne! Sho-gyo on-na.
text: The Japanese begin JABBERING amongst themselves.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: A flotilla. They think they'll get
dialog: thirty gallons of gas for you.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Did they say anything special about my
dialog: girl?
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: No. Why?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Just wondering...
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
text: THE SURFACE.
text: The sub emerges near a nondescript platform in the center of a
text: maze of boats. The hatch SQUEAKS open. Fatty pops his head
dialog: out...
text: Immediately, several MEN race over with machine guns. A ONE-
text: LEGGED MAN climbs down from a crow's nest with a dueling
text: pistol. TWO MEN swing onto a nearby platform on ropes with
text: daggers in their mouths. Everyone has a triangular mark on
dialog: their forehead...
speaker_heading: ONE - LEG
dialog: Hi ho, mates. Dropped in for tea, did
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER.
text: The prisoners are escorted by a platoon of pirates towards the
text: main platform. Helen looks around grimly. Enola notices a
dialog: familiar face among the escort -- it's Troy!!
text: But he looks like a pirate now -- warpaint, dreadlocks... he's
text: carrying a spear.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Troy!! It's me!?!
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: (whisper).
dialog: Sshhh!!! I can't talk to you...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE PRISONER "STOCKADE" BOAT.
text: e Angel stares out of the small barred window, watching the
dialog: commotion.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 45.
dialog: (CONT...)
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Son of a bitch. Look who's here...
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: THE THRONE PLATFORM.
text: The procession arrives under the great water tower. The trio of
text: Japanese bow deferentially. Wanda, Helen and Enola stand
text: alongside. There is a wave of MURMURING among the pirates, as
text: fingers point towards Enola's tattoo. Carlos moves up to the
dialog: throne to brief Lazlo.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
text: The ‘Japs say they know nothing. They
text: stole ‘em from a drifter. The woman
dialog: - and kid ain't talking.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: (pointing to Fatty)
dialog: Keep blubber-beliy alive. Kill his
dialog: mates in a way no one will forget.
text: Carlos walks up to the Japanese trio. Nonchalantly, he slips
text: his hands into a pair of rubber gloves. The Japanese eye him
text: cautiously -- what's he doing? A couple of pirates wheel over a
text: glass fish tank. There appear to be eels inside. Carlos
text: reaches in and grabs one in each hand. He swings them around by
text: their tails, building speed...
text: Suddenly, he flings them forward. They swish through the air
text: and coil like bolas around the necks of Spectacles and the oid
text: Immediately, their heads light-up like fireworks... they're
text: electric eels!! The Japanese grab desperately, trying to wrench
text: the eels from their necks. Fatty watches his mates in horror.
text: Electric bolts are shooting out of their ears. Their eyes light
text: up like torches... then, they collapse to the ground.
text: Fatty stares in stunned silence. Lazio studies his reaction.
text: Then, turns his attention to the women.
text: Helen stares up at him defiantly. Without a word, he ambles
text: over to her. Real ciose. Enola gazes up at his towering frame.
text: Lazlo glances at Enola, then back to Helen.
text: Eye to eye. He smiles.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: If you so much as touch her, I'll rip
dialog: your balls clear out of the sack.
text: Lazlo looks at her for as moment. Chuckles. Laughs a little.
text: Then, guffaws in a great ROAR.
dialog: cur To:
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE UP - A WATER DROP.
text: Pear shaped, swelling. It reaches the critical mass and falls,
text: disintegrating on impact. Landing on human skin. Somebody's
dialog: nose.
text: WE FOLLOW as the drop rivulets down the bridge and falls again
text: off the nose tip.
speaker_heading: WIDEN:
text: The nose belongs to Helen. Her head is strapped in the harness
text: of some kind of torture chair. A water reservoir suspended
text: above dribbles out single drops of drinking water. Tantalizing,
text: down her nose, passing millimeters from her lips...
dialog: It's high coon and she could sure use a drink. But any movement
text: of her jaw pulls the hinged door of another reservoir, releasing
text: a stream of salt on to her face.
text: Great mirrcezs have been set up around her to focus additional
text: sunlight om her. The heat is intense...
dialog: Drip, drip, drip...
text: Helen can’t stand it any longer. She opens her mouth for a
text: drink but em avalanche of salt pours out. She gags...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: ...don't know anything!!!
text: The salt pours on. She spits through it.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Let m... gol!! ...please!!
text: More saic. She gags. ‘
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Where’s ...nolat!! Let me see...
dialog: heriit
text: Her mout= == foaming up with salt. Helen shuts her eyes.
text: Tears st>ee=m down her flushed cheeks.
text: Lazio has =r where he wants her. He strolls up and removes the
dialog: salt harmess.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: What does the tattoo mean?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: I don't know, I swear. Please,
dialog: please, don’t hurt her. Let me see
dialog: her. Please...
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: What's the glass circle for?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: ad
dialog: 47.
dialog: {CONT.)
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (proken)
dialog: I don't know anything. Please... I'm
dialog: Swear.
text: Lazlo tuxms to his men.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Take her down. Call the Doc.
scene_heading: LAZLO'S YACHT.
text: It is a huge boat with jarringly eclectic decor. Though
text: generally nautical in theme, there is everything from arabesque
text: ottomans to Chinese screens, all arranged in the epitome of
dialog: ostentation.
text: Enola is seated in a plush chair. Nervous. Helmer stands
text: behind her.
text: The sound Of BREAKING GLASS.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.8.)
dialog: Shit...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: THE "DOC", an obese quack with jaundiced skin and rotting teeth.
text: He is fumbling over a cart of surgical instruments.
dialog: boc
dialog: Where the fuck is that piece of shit
dialog: needle?
text: He's shaking like a addict in rehab. He plunges his plump hand
text: into a pile of medical hardware, spilling several probes on to
text: the floor and finds a huge trocar syringe, old and rusted.
dialog: boc
dialog: Hold the fucking fish.
dialog: {smiles weakly)
dialog: Please, sir.
text: Lazio moves in and steadies a flapping pirukuru fish with his
text: enormous hands. The Doc guides the formidable syringe towards
text: the puffer, but his hands are shaking epileptically...
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: It's in the liver.
dialog: boc
dialog: I know, I know. . I fucking know.
text: Abruptiy, he plunges the needle into the fish and withdraws a
text: full vile of slimy, greenish fluid. Enola watches in horror as
text: the fish ceases to struggle. Now it's her turn...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: a8.
dialog: {CONT . )
text: She SCREAMS as Helmut holds her arm and the Doc injects her with
text: the green bile. She struggles, lashes out... weakens..,
text: ...her eyes droop... Lazlo moves close to her.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Can you hear me?
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: {zombie- like)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Tell me about the tattoo.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Ow...ouch... hurts!!! Ow..
text: She begins to CRY. Not a little girl whimper, it's a baby
dialog: BAWLING. . -
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Who did it? What does it mean??
text: She SOBS and SCREAMS, ignoring him.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: (angry)
dialog: What about the glass pendant??
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: (relaxing)
dialog: Pretty... two circles... baby likes
dialog: glass... lucky amulets...two lenses,
dialog: that's the secret.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Two?? Where's the second?
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: ...the drifter... he saved me...
text: Lazlo turms to Helmut with a smile.
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT 70:
speaker_heading: FATTY
text: looking unteppy. Wind and water splash into his face. A huge
text: wave engul£s him. He gags...
text: PULL BACK -- It's keel-hauling. He has been strapped to the
text: underside c£ a bow. A cigarette boat, BLASTING over the waves
text: at full throttle. Forty-five knots of water bludgeons his face
text: like a slecwe hammer. Fatty is taking a serious pounding.
text: REVEAL: A small pirate assault fleet ripping across the open
text: sea in the golden light of dawn. lLazlo and Helmut are on the
text: lead ship.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: We're close enough. Release the bird.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: Helmut picks up a small cage. Inside, there is a bird identical
text: to the ones we've seen. Helmut opens the door and grabs it. He
text: hurls it straight up in the air...
text: Tne bird surges up some seventy-five feet. Circles a few times
text: to get its bearings. Then, begins to fly due west.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Alter course to 270°...
text: The formations swings to starboard.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: THE “MIRANDA.”
text: Morgan is fast asleep in his hammock. There is a FLUTTERING
text: sound, Morgan opens his eyes and notices...
dialog: ...the bird!!
text: He blinks a few times. Is this a dream? Then, suddenly it
text: dawns on him. He leaps up...
text: THE DECK.
text: Morgan picks up his spyglass, scans the horizon. Nothing...
text: But now there's a distant sound -- APPROACHING ENGINES. Morgan -
text: points his scope eastwards, towards the sound. -
scene_heading: SPYGLASS POV.
text: The early morning sun makes the ocean shimmer. Mirage-like,
text: barely visible through the undulating ripples, a fleet of
dialog: vessels advance...
scene_heading: ON MORGAN.
text: He is momentarily stunned -- it's finally happening!!
text: Abruptly, Morgan begins to rush around the barge, preparing for
text: the imminent attack. He ieads his horse to the ster edge,
text: pushes him off...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Goon. Get out of here!
text: The horse stares at him blankly, treading water. Impulsively,
text: Morgan takes the amiet from his neck, leans down and puts it
text: around that of the horse.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You'll need all the luck you can get.
text: He SMACKS its rear and the horse begins to swim away. Morgan
text: vaces to the barrels -- sets the booby-trap. He rushes to a
text: locker. Pulls out the oxygen container. Grabs his spear gun.
text: Loads two bolts and pumps it up. an belt of extra ammo. He
text: tosses all this gear into a small tight-weave net...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 50.
text: THE PIRATES.
text: Almost within striking distance. four vessels in all.
speaker_heading: MORGAN.
text: Grabs some fish from his drying rack. Fish?? He hacks it up
text: with a machete until the fish bleeds. What's he up to? Morgan
text: tosses this into a second net. Now he ties both nets into
text: bundles, attaches them to separate painter lines...
text: The sound of automatic GUNFIRE. Riccos rip into the wooden
dialog: hull...
text: Morgan ducks and quickly tosses both net bundles overboard.
text: Bullets spray over his head. Morgan keeps cool. He reaches for
dialog: arag, a stick. Ties them together and...
dialog: .«..xraises the WHITE FLAG!!!
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: HOLD YOUR FIRE!!
text: The shooting stops. Morgan stands there, arms raised in
text: surrender. ‘The pirate vessels heave to alongside the barge. A
text: pirate jumps aboard with an M-60...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I give up! Don't kill me...
speaker_heading: PIRATE
dialog: (leveling the gun at him)
dialog: Easy... drifter. Easy.
text: Suddenly, Morgan's jaw drops. He stares at the pirate in front
text: of him. The eyes -- one blue, one green. God, can it be?
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE-UP - MORGAN'S EYES
text: Staring, thinking back...
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK
text: A young Morgan, in the ocean, bleeding. Swallowing mouthfuls of
text: water. He calls out.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Blake!!! Jump... quick!
speaker_heading: HIS POV.
text: A small barce surrounded by pirate ships. The little boy is
text: SOBBING over the body of his mother. Lazlo, looking maybe
text: fifteen years younger, moves up behind him. He yanks the boy
text: viciously by the hair...
text: A large wave sweeps Morgan back, SLAMMING his head against a
text: floating timber. The POV submerges, underwater...
text: ..-he sinks and sinks...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Si.
dialog: (CONT. }
text: ...8truggling to swim. He kicks desperately, pulling himself
text: back up. Breaks the surface, just in time to see...
speaker_heading: BOQOMMMMI It
text: The barge exploding in a massive fireball... as pirate ships
dialog: retreat.
text: BACK TO PRESENT.
text: Morgan eyes tell it all -- he never saw his son actually die.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)}
dialog: Search this thing!
text: It's Lazlo! Morgan stares at him with venom. Pirates begin to
text: poke around the barge. Helmut is guarding Morgan with a gun.
text: Morgan signals him with his eyes.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: {whispering)
dialog: Blake?
text: Helmut stares blankly.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: It's me!! Don't you recognize me?
text: Lazlo saunters over.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: What's he saying?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I don't know, father.
text: Father?? Morgan can hardly believe his ears. He sees Lazlo,
text: the cape of feathers. His heart is pounding... Lazlo holds up
text: the large amulet with a pleasant smile.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: We're looking for this. Can you help
dialog: us?
text: Morgan is silent.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: (to HELMUT}
text: Torture him.
text: Immediately, Morgan is restrained by Carlos and Dieter who
text: pinces his azm with his prosthetic hand-clamp.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (to a PIRATE)
dialog: Get me the vice.
text: The pirate hands him a small instrument of torture -- what seems
text: to be a lerge cigar-cutter: joined with two twisting nut-
text: crackers. Ee hoids it up in front of Morgan's face.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: $2.
dialog: (CONT...)
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: This'll turn you into a woman,
dialog: asshole.
text: Morgan stares back, eyes pleading for recognition.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: He's not your father. You know that,
dialog: don't you?
text: Helmut swings the metal vice across Morgan's face, drawing
dialog: blood.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: You wanna lose your dick, old man?
text: Meanwhile, Lazlo has been poking around the barrels. He reaches
text: out to pull of the lid...
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - LAZLO'S FINGERS
text: Reaching for the booby-trap. Any second...
speaker_heading: MORGAN (0.S.)
dialog: Waitt!
speaker_heading: ON MORGAN
text: Totally flustered. Bewildered...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: It's... it's booby-trapped. I... uh...
text: Suddenly, Morgan ducks down, wriggling free from the pirates’
text: grips. He scrambles towards the edge. Helmut FIRES but misses.
text: Morgan leaps overboard.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: The shark!
text: Carlos moves towards the submerged cage. He opens the door. A
text: shark fin shoots out after Morgan. The water foams up with
text: blood. The shark thrashes wildly, relishing the kill...
text: UNDERWATER.
text: WE SEE Morgan, unharmed. He's released the bundied net of
text: bleeding fish scraps. The shark is attacking the decoy!
text: Morgan grabs the oxygen container from the other net. Sucks in
text: some air. Ee can see distorted figures moving around on his
text: boat. But cow he sees something dangling underwater near the
dialog: edge of the boat...
dialog: .«».the horse!!! They've found it...
text: +.a MUFFLED GUNSHOT...
text: ...the water reddens with blood. The horse goes limp.
text: . Morgan's face becomes contorted in agony...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: a
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: ABOVE.
text: Lazio leans down and yanks the amulet off the floating carcass
dialog: of the horse.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: How convenient. Pull it out before
dialog: the shark gets it.
text: His men haul the bleeding shark aboard.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: They really prefer people.
text: He gesture towards Dieter who grabs Fatty and pushes him
text: overboard. He SCREAMS as the shark converges. They watch the
text: feeding frenzy with glee. Then, Carlos spools in the shark
text: leash, hauling it back into its cage.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Let's move out.
scene_heading: MORGAN. UNDERWATER.
text: He can see them dragging the dead horse onto a boat, loading
text: booty. Morgan looks around. He grabs one of the nets, cuts
text: some holes into it with his speargun tip. He slips his arms and.
text: legs through the holes -- it's a makeshift harness. .
text: Morgan dives deeper and swims under one of the pirate vessels.
text: He ties the net off to the eye-hooks on the keel. He pulls the
text: oxygen valve to his mouth and waits...
speaker_heading: ABOVE.
text: One by one, the pirate vessels begin to peel off.
text: UNDERWATER.
text: Morgan is pulled along under the belly of one of them. He's
dialog: hitching a ride... : :
scene_heading: LAZLO'S BOAT.
text: It’s idling some distance from the "Miranda." Lazlo turns back
text: with his bazooka. Fires...
text: A COLOSSAL EXPLOSION! 1!
text: The boat splinters into a million pieces, soaring two-hundred
text: feet into the air...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: He wasn't lying about the booby-trap.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: But why did he tell us?
text: This questions hangs there as the shrapnel rains down around
text: them, splashing into the ocean and we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: PIRATE PRISON STOCKADE. NIGHT.
text: Wanda is looking through the steel bars of the small porthole
text: window. There's the sound of LAUGHTER and MUSIC. She turns to
text: her cellmates -- Helen, Angel and mola.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Now's the time to make our move. No
dialog: doubt about it. It's some kinda
dialog: celebration.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Let me take a look.
text: Wanda moves aside so Helen can see.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (horror)
dialog: Oh God...
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: No, Enola. Stay away!!
text: But Enola pushes up for a glimpse.
text: POV THROUGH WINDOW.
text: All the pirates are gathered on the distant tower platform,
text: converged around something roasting on a fire -- an unmistakable
dialog: silhouette...
dialog: .-.it's the horse!!
speaker_heading: ON ENOLA
text: A look of agonized horror.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: They killed the drifter!! It's all my
dialog: fault...
text: ON THE PLATFORM.
text: A one-eyed GOON slaps his BUDDY on the back.
speaker_heading: ONE- EYE
dialog: When's the last time you tasted
dialog: animal?
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: (salivating)
dialog: Never...
speaker_heading: ONE- EYE
dialog: It's better than snuff-sex!
text: WE PAN AROUND the group of feasting pirates and REVEAL Lazio on
text: his throne, Helmut at his side.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 55.
dialog: (CONT. }
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Eat up, my sons! You deserve it.
text: He holds up the glass amulets in triumph.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Now we have the secret to Water's
dialog: End!
text: The pirates CHEER. Lazio turns to Helmut.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Put these lenses in my safe...
dialog: {hands him the amulets)
dialog: Tomorrow we'll figure out how they
dialog: work.
text: Helmut waiks away with the lenses.
text: In a nearby GROUP, the “Doc” glances around nervously. Then,
text: discretely, withdraws into the shadows.
text: WE TILT DOWN into the murky water below the platform. A dark
text: FIGURE pops his head up -- it’s Morgan...
speaker_heading: HIS POV.
text: Several dozen boats surround the platform. A veritable maze of ©
text: canals between them. Pirates jump from boat to boat converging ©
text: towards the “main attraction" -- roasting animal flesh.
text: Morgan glances at Lazlo for a moment. Then, looks the other way
text: and spots Helmut making his way up the ramp of Lazlo's
text: impressive yacht. About fifty yards dead across the “canal.".
speaker_heading: ON MORGAN
text: should be easy enough. He takes a deep breath and dives...
text: UNDERWATER.
text: Ten yards, twenty. Slow but steady progress. A stern boarding
text: ladder, dead ahead. Smooth underwater breast stroke. But now,
dialog: from behind...
text: A GUARD SHARK!!! Converging like a torpedo...
text: Morgan doubles his effort. Ten more yards to the ladder. will
text: he make it? The shark closes in. Morgan strokes as fast as he
text: can. The shark opens its jaws. Morgan reaches desperately.
text: The shark lunges for his legs but...
speaker_heading: TWANG II
text: Stops inches short. It's on a leash. The stunned shark backs
text: off in frustration. Tries to lunge again. But the leash stops
text: it just shy of Morgan on the ladder. Morgan catches his breath.
text: Climbs up.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: LAZLO'S YACHT.
text: It's a rope ladder on the stern. Morgan looks up. Thirty feet
text: to the main deck. Will he be noticed? He starts up, rung by
dialog: vung...
text: He looks to his left. All the pirates are focused on the
text: impending feast. A few more rungs. He looks up...
text: A YOUNG PIRATE staring right down at him!! It's Troy, patroling
text: the deck... Morgan looks at him. Will he sound the alarm? Troy
dialog: hesitates...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.8.)
dialog: Get over here boy! I ain't done with
dialog: you yet...
text: Troy backs off. Morgan breathes a sigh of relief. He climbs up
text: to the rail. and peers over. Troy is following Carlos, who's
text: carrying a pair of swords...
text: Morgan waits until they're out of sight and quietly hauls
text: himself onto the deck...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MEANWHILE. ON THE STERN OF THE “STOCKADE" BOAT.
text: The "Doc" climbs on board with a lecherous smile. He addresses
text: a seared GUARD.
dialog: boc
dialog: Who's available?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: All of ‘em. Everybody just wants to
dialog: eat animal tonight.
dialog: boc
dialog: (his eyes light up)
dialog: I'll take the feisty one.
text: The “Doc hands him something round and shiny -- a pearl. The
text: guard bites into it. Satisfied of its authenticity, he drops it
text: in a small cash box with a haif-dozen other pearls. He unlocks
text: the stockade.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Help yerself.
speaker_heading: INSIDE.
text: The "Doc" exters with a big grin. Helen smiles back at him.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I hope it's me you want.
text: The "Doc" can hardly believe his ears. He approaches her...
text: But Wanda leaps out and loops her manacles around his neck,
text: breaking it with a sickening CRACK.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 57.
dialog: (CONT. }
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Wow... That kinda turned me on...
text: Angel grabs the keys. Quickly, they unlock their chains.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE.
text: The guard is staring idly at the roasting horse and surrounding
text: activity. Behind him, the door CREAKS open.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (without turning)
dialog: Talk about a quickie...
text: Helen sneaks out, reaching for his knife. It's sheathed on his
text: hip. Helen's fingertips:stretch towards the knife handle...
text: Suddenly, he turns!! Helen yanks out the knife and plants it
text: into his ribs. His eyes lock open in frozen shock.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: {grabbing his gun)
dialog: I hate quickies.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: LAZLO’S YACHT.
text: TWO SENTRIES are patrolling the main deck. One of them spots
text: something ahead.
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Well lookee here.
text: It's a feather attached to a scrap of cloth. He reaches down
text: for it but it moves suddenly... eluding his grasp. He lunges
text: but again it skitters away from him. Round the corner...
text: The sentry frowns. Is it just the night breeze? He stomps
dialog: after it.
text: AROUND THE CORNER.
text: It's Morgan playing the old monofilament trick. He reels in the
text: feather. The sentry comes after it. And, in a flash, the nylon
text: becomes a garotte around his neck...
text: WITH THE OTHER SENTRY.
text: Waiting for his friend's return. A VOICE comes from around the
dialog: corner.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Hey. Come see this.
text: He frowns. Something fishy here. He unsheaths his dagger.
text: Edges up to the corner... pauses, back to the wall, peeking...
speaker_heading: HIS POV.
text: A glimpse of a body lying ‘motionless on the deck -- someone got
dialog: his buddy!! His instincts were right, it's a trap.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 58.
dialog: {CONT. }
text: The ambusher mst be waiting just like he is -- back to the
text: wall, right on the other side of the corner. The sentry readies
dialog: his knife... then suddenly...
text: Lunges round the corner!! The knife connects with flesh. The
text: ambusher collapses into his arms. But it's not Morgan!! It's
text: the first sentry propped into a standing position...
text: Morgan is the guy on the ground, “playing dead." He grabs the
text: second sentry by the ankle. Twists him down to the deck. His
text: head SLAMS down against the ground. Out cold.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LAZLO'S QUARTERS
text: Helmut walks across the ostentatious owner's cabin towards a
text: safe on the far wall, amulets dangling from his neck. He starts
dialog: to dial in the combination. .
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Stop!
text: Helmut turns to find Morgan aiming his spear gun at him.
speaker_heading: RELMUT
dialog: You again!
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Yeah. You can't run away from me.
dialog: That scar on your left arm. You've
dialog: had it all your life, right? How
dialog: could I know that? Because you were a
dialog: baby when it happened.
text: Helmut looks at the scar -- was that just a lucky guess?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: He attacked us. Killed your mother.
dialog: I thought you were dead. But he must
dialog: have taken you. You have to remember
dialog: that! I know you do...
text: Helmut suddeniy drops to his knees, covering his face in his
speaker_heading: RELMUT
dialog: Oh God...
text: Morgan approaches him softly, hand outstretched...
text: But, suddenly, Helmut lashes out, swatting the speargun from his
text: hand!! He SLUGS him in the jaw with a right... left, thena
text: great HEAD-BUTT in the forehead that sends Morgan reeling silly
text: to the floor.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Should've died the first time,
dialog: drifter. Now I'm gonna make it really
dialog: hurt...
text: Helmut kicks him in the gut. .Morgan GROANS.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: ay
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
speaker_heading: RELMUT
dialog: Sorry, pops. Just my rebellious
dialog: phase.
text: Another KICK sends Morgan's jaw snapping sideways like a mouse-
text: trap. Blood gushes down from his nose... his fingers stretch
text: out for the spear gun... Helmut STOMPS down on his hand....
text: But now Morgan wrenches his ankle out from under him -- same
text: move as with the sentry. Helmut crashes down to the ground.
text: Morgan grabs his gun and BONKS him on the head, knocking him
dialog: out...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SOMEWHERE. IN THE FLOTILLA.
text: Morgan is dragging Helmit's unconscious body through the shadowy
text: platforms. Morgan has disguised himself with pirate warpaint
text: and headgear. There are VOICES. Morgan freezes...
text: A COUPLE OF PIRATES round the bend, sucking on horse ribs. ‘They
dialog: spot Morgan... and the body!
speaker_heading: isT PIRATE
dialog: Hey. What's this?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: (silly grin}
dialog: Too mich kelp cider... I'm putting him
dialog: to bed.
speaker_heading: 2ND PIRATE
text: Helmut doesn't drink.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Yeah. That's what happens when you're
dialog: not used to it...
speaker_heading: 1ST PIRATE
dialog: Well, who the hell are you?? I ain't
dialog: seen you before...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Ho, ho, that's funny... you guys musta
dialog: been drinking too, huh?
text: The pair eye him suspiciously. Morgan tries to keep grinning...
dialog: then:
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Puck this...
text: He BLASTS two rounds with his spear gun. Bulls-eyes in both
dialog: hearts...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE "TRAINING" PLATFORM.
text: WE ARE in a remote corner of the flotilla. A twenty-foor
text: dueling ring surrounded by a margin of broken glass shards.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: Carlos and Troy are sparring with two-handed swords. Troy can
text: barely lift his weapon. While Carios slashes effortlessly
text: through the air using his good hand. CLANG!!!
text: Troy retreats. He barely blocked that last one. Again, the
text: sword comes Slashing around. CLANG!!! Troy's feet are inches
text: from the deadly glass perimeter...
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Come oni! Are you going to die like
dialog: your friends???
text: CLANG!!! Troy's arms are weakening...
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Keep your sword up, you little wimp!!!
text: CLANG!!! That one sends Troy limping backwards. He SCREAMS as
text: the glass cuts up his feet... Carlos lowers his sword.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: You had enough??
text: Troy nods, lowers his sword. WOOOSH... Here comes the blade!!!
text: Troy ducks in the nick of time. The sword SWISHES a hair's
text: width above his head.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Never let down your guard!!! You
dialog: hopeless moron. I oughta kill you
dialog: right now.
text: Troy begins to tremble slightly. He's breaking. Carlos laughs
text: sadistically.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: You belong with the women.
text: ...but then a huge sword comes bursting through his abdomen!!!
text: Carlos goes bug-eyed, gurgles blood, collapses.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Fucking sexist!!
text: She looks down at his frozen body. Troy breaks into a big grin.
text: Angel smiles back, grabs his hand.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Let's get out of here.
speaker_heading: TROY
speaker_heading: (toa CARLOS)
dialog: Never let down your guard, asshole.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE FUELING DOCK.
text: Wanda, Helen and Enola, armed with clubs and other weapons, are
text: sneaking along the shadowy platform along which the attack
text: cigarette boats are moored.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: They pause behind several dozen oil drums of fuel. There is the
text: distant sound of the ongoing CELEBRATION. Helen looks around.
text: The coast seems clear.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (pointing to a boat)
dialog: Let's take the yellow one.
speaker_heading: (to WANDA)
dialog: You take care of the goodbye present.
text: Helen crawls round the barrel and comes face to face with...
dialog: ...a SENTRY!!
text: She SLAMS him with the club but he ducks, pinning her against
text: the barrels which avalanche down. He raises his speargun and
text: stops... recognizing her! It's Morgan.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Surprised to see me, huh?
speaker_heading: KELEN
dialog: I thought you were dead...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Other people make that mistake too.
text: Enola peeks around and sees Morgan. She runs up and gives him a
text: hug. But Morgan pushes her off. Enola looks hurt...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I knew I should've killed you right
dialog: off. You show people some mercy and
dialog: they go and stab you in the back.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HELMUT
text: Is his little finger twitching slightly?
speaker_heading: HELEN (0.S.)
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: CLOSE - WANDA
text: She pokes her head out from hiding.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: You two at it again? You ever
dialog: consider marriage counseling?
speaker_heading: HELEN (0.S.)
dialog: Just rig those booby traps, will you?
text: Wanda smirks and pulls out a fishing net. She starts to cut it
text: up in small squares with the knife...
speaker_heading: MORGAN (0.S.)
dialog: Oho! A quick getaway now? Real
dialog: smooth plan. Almost too smart for
dialog: your own good.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 62,
dialog: (CONT. }
text: As Morgan and Helen continue arguing, WE FOLLOW Enola who has
text: spotted the glass amulets on Helmut's neck. Her eyes light up.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Both of them! They really are lucky...
text: She kneels down beside Helmut, reaches out to pull them off.
text: Leaning dangerously close...
speaker_heading: HELEN (0.S.)
dialog: You think I'm up to something? Say it.
speaker_heading: MORGAN (0.S.)
dialog: Don't play innocent with me. You set
dialog: me up with the pirates. Made some
dialog: sweet little deal. And now this is the
dialog: big double-cross. Just remember one
dialog: thing, lady. Pirates don't think too
dialog: much when they're mad. They just kili.
text: One of the the amilet chains is stuck. mola struggles to lift
text: Helmut ‘s torso -- did he just blink slightly?
speaker_heading: HELEN (0.S.)
dialog: I set you up?? Hah!! Don't flatter
dialog: yourself, drifter. I'd have been lucky
dialog: to get a half a jug of hydro for you.
text: ...suddenly Helmut's hand springs up round Enola's neck!! He's
text: come alive. Enola SCREAMS... Helmut is strangling her with the
dialog: amulets...
text: Morgan turms. Helen pulls out the gun. Aims it at Helmt's
text: head, She FIRES but Morgan dives at her arm...
text: ...sending the gun, flying into the water!! Helen glares at him.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: That's my sont!
text: Helen looks at him in utter bewilderment.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: THE TOWER PLATFORM.
text: Lazlo spins suddenly towards the sound of gunfire. He turns to
text: a LARGE GOON.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: What was that?
text: The GOON shrugs.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Where's Helmut?
text: Tne GOON shrugs again.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Get a patrol out there! Now!!
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
text: THE “FUELING” PLATFORM.
text: Now Helmut is standing up, holding mola “hostage” in a choke
dialog: hold.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Everybody freeze... hands up, real
dialog: slow.
dialog: They comply.
speaker_heading: RELMUT
dialog: You, too...
text: He points. to Wanda who's been busy loading extra fuel drums on
text: the yellow boat. Wanda stands up and. looks at him.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Now... we're all going back to join
dialog: the celebration. Single file...
text: Wanda hesitates...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Move it! Or I'll kill her!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Piease, Wanda...
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Hey, it's every drifter for
dialog: themselves. I don't even like the
dialog: kid.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Good... ‘Cause I'm going to break her
dialog: little neck.
text: Enola SCREAMS. Helmut starts to twist the the glass medallions,
text: tightening the chains around Enola's neck...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Nol!t! NOI!
text: Enola's face is turning blue when...
dialog: BONK!!!
text: Helmut falls down, unconscious. It's Troy and Angel. (Bet you
dialog: were wondering when they'd show up.)
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I'm ready to leave now.
text: Helen rushes towards Enola. She picks her up and carries her
text: into the yellow boat. Wanda is already at the controls. She
text: FIRES it up. Angel and Troy jump in...
text: Morgan hesitates on the dock, looking down at Helmut...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 64.
dialog: (cont. )
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Let's gol!
text: Wanda slams the boat into gear. But Enola covers the throttie.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Wait! The drifter!
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: That guy? Looks like a pirate.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: He is...
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: No. He saved my life!!
speaker_heading: {to MORGAN)
dialog: Come on, quick...
text: Now haif-a-dozen ARMED PIRATES spill onto a nearby platform,
text: across the “canal." They spot them...
speaker_heading: PIRATE
dialog: Hey!! Hold it...
text: Helen pulls Enola's hand off the throttle.
speaker_heading: HELEN
speaker_heading: (to WANDA)
dialog: Get moving!!
text: The boat begins to pull away. Morgan stares at it, frozen... He
text: looks back at Helmut...
text: GUNFIRE erupts around him...
text: The pirates are closing in...
speaker_heading: PIRATE
dialog: KILL THEM. SHOOT!!!
text: Mergan looks at him. Looks at Helmt...
dialog: Thinking...
text: Suddenly, Morgan turns towards the yellow boat. He runs to the
text: edge of the platform and dives... but his hand misses the rail!!
text: ..-Enola throws him the stern line. He grabs the rope...
text: ...Wanda kicks it into full power, and the boat surges out
text: towards the open sea, dragging Morgan along behind...
text: ...the pirates converge on the platform and jump into pursuit
text: vessels. Engines ROAR to life...
text: ...a pirate throws his into gear and there is a CALAMITOUS
text: GROAN!! He looks back towards the outboard...
speaker_heading: PIRATE
dialog: Wait!! Nets in the props!!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: aa
dialog: 65.
dialog: (CONT. }
text: But no one can hear him over the sound of ENGINES. The other
text: boats start up and foul their propellers...
text: IN THE OCEAN.
text: The yellow boat speeds out into the black night, leaving the
text: Pirate flotilla far back in its wake...
text: Morgan has hauled himself aboard. He looks exhausted... empty.
text: Helen turns to him...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I thought your son was dead.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: He is...
scene_heading: AERIAL ANGLE.
text: The wake of the moon seems to race along with the tiny boat as
text: they head out into the vast ocean...
speaker_heading: ANGEL'S VOICE
dialog: Cut the engines when we're out of eye-
dialog: sight. If they can't hear us, they'll
dialog: never find us at night.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: THE NEXT DAY. ~
text: Everyone's asleep except Angel. And she's yawning. It's just
text: daybreak. The yellow boat is drifting alone.
text: Angel moves up to Helen. Gives her a nudge... She leaps up,
text: ready to fight.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Whoah, kiddo. It's dawn, that's all.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (groggy)
dialog: You see anything.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
text: Nah. Three-sixty of flat and clear.
speaker_heading: HELEN
speaker_heading: (pointing to MORGAN)
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
text: An intense guy. Nightmares all night.
dialog: You sure know how to pick 'em, sis.
speaker_heading: HELEN ~
dialog: Shut up, will you? How much petrol?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
text: About two hundred miles worth.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 66,
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: @ Let's go south.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: MINUTES LATER.
text: The yellow boat rips south across the open sea. Morgan moves up
dialog: to Helen.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: This is nuts. You don't run from
dialog: pirates you can't see. That's burning
dialog: petroi for nothing. Just drift and
dialog: take your chances.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yeah. You're the expert on pirates,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: No... you are.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Listen, drifter. For what it's worth,
dialog: I think you're an asshole but I didn't
dialog: set you up.
text: Morgan is silent. Helen grabs a hold of Troy.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Hey, kid. You should know how pirates
dialog: think. You almost became one. What
dialog: dtyou think we oughta do?
text: TROY .
dialog: Run like hell.
speaker_heading: HELEN
speaker_heading: (to MORGAN)
dialog: Sorry, pal. You're outvoted.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: NIGHT.
text: Helen is tucking Enola into a berth in the forward cabin.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You have the last watch, I'll wake
dialog: you up when it's time. If we run out
dialog: of petrol, just keep us drifting
dialog: south.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: O.K.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Time to float away now...
text: She gives her a kiss, gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: e Wait... can I have a story?
text: Helen hesitates. ‘
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Please...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: O.K., dolphin. If you promise to
dialog: close your eyes.
dialog: (takes a breath)
text: One day, deep in the deep blue, a
text: little fish came across a sunken
text: chest. It was beautiful and shiny so
dialog: he knew there was something precious
text: inside. He tried to open it but the
dialog: latches were stuck. No matter how
dialog: hard he pulled, they just wouldn'r
dialog: budge.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE.
text: Morgan is lying rolled up in a blanket against the starboard
text: rail. He's also listening to Helen's story which drifts out
text: through the porthole window.
speaker_heading: HELEN (0.S.)
dialog: Then, he noticed a killer whale
dialog: swimming by. And the little fish
dialog: said: “you're the strongest in the
dialog: sea, will you help me open my chest?"
dialog: The whale said, "Sure." But instead
text: of opening it, he swallowed the chest
dialog: up whole. “Now the chest belongs to
dialog: me," he laughed...
text: Morgan leans near the window, takes a peak inside.
speaker_heading: HIS POV.
text: Helen's eyes are sparkling in the light of the gas lantern.
text: There's something hypnotic about her whispering voice, something
text: mesmerizing.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: The little fish was very mad. He
dialog: found a school of hammerhead sharks
dialog: and told them that the whale had a
text: valuable chest in his stomach. The
text: greedy sharks lunged at the whale and
text: ripped a hole in his belly...
speaker_heading: INSIDE.
text: Enola's eyes pop open in horror. Helen smiles and slowly closes
text: Enola's eyelids with her fingers.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 68.
dialog: (CONT. }
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You promised, Enola...
text: In the background, WE SEE Morgan staring in at mother and child,
text: a look of longing in his eyes. Helen continues, her tone calm
dialog: and reassuring.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: The chest fell out, but by now, ali the
dialog: fish in the sea had heard about the
text: chest and there was a huge fight over
text: it. In the struggle, it opened up and
text: they all gathered round to look inside.
dialog: But there was nothing except a small,
text: dead goldfish, Everyone turned to the
dialog: little fish. "There's nothing in
dialog: there," they shouted, "this chest is
dialog: worthless. At that moment, an old wise
dialog: dolphin swam up to the group. He said:
dialog: “There was sweet water in that chest;
dialog: worthless to you, but worth life to that
dialog: goldfish. Now, there is nothing..."
text: Helen looks at Enola. Fast asleep, floating away into her
dialog: dreams.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: HOURS LATER.
text: The first light of dawn is breaking and Enola is at the helm.
text: The others are asleep below. The engine SPUTTERS a few times
text: and dies. No more gas.
text: It is completely stiil, save the sound of LAPPING WATER against
text: the hull. The vessel is on the cusp of a fog bank. As it
text: drifts, the cotton-like fog becomes thicker and thicker, until
text: it is milky white...
text: Now even the water becomes obscured by the thick creamy haze.
text: Enola looks around in awe. Everything beyond the boat has
dialog: disappeared into whiteness...
text: .+.Enola turns slowly round, sweeping the "non-panorama"...
text: +..0n the starboard side, the fog is as thick as anywhere but
dialog: something seems to be out there...
dialog: +..a presence...
text: ---Enola notices something moving on the bow. A small white
dialog: bird -- it’s a dovetil
text: She can scarcely believe her eyes. She moves Closer to the bird
text: who retreats modestly. Morgan wakes up nearby. He blinks his
text: eyes, notices the bird. Enola sees him...
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: it's Water's End!! We're near...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: (CONT, )
text: Morgan stares at it...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Shit!! wake everybody up, quick.
dialog: It's the pirates.
text: ..-suddenly, the bird FLAPS its wings and takes off...
text: Enola follows the bird with her eyes until it disappears in the
dialog: whiteness...
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: (excited)
dialog: No it's Water's End! I can feel it.
text: She strains to see through the haze...surely, there is something
text: out there. A huge presence, looming just behind the veil of
text: whiteness. It's becoming more visible, the boat seems to be
text: drifting towards it...
dialog: ..-. something Solid and massive...
text: ...Morgan stands up...
text: ...suddenly, it bursts into visibility...
text: ...AN ENORMOUS WALL OF STEEL...
dialog: ...the cigarette boat is right alongside it. ‘They could reach
dialog: out and touch it, it's so close...
text: ...Enola stares up, mouth agape, at the vast perimeter of steel,
text: soaring into the sky for hundreds of feet, extending
text: horizontally in both directions as far as thé eye can see. The
text: surface is coarse and weathered, paint peeling, pockets of rust
dialog: forming...
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: I‘tm home...
speaker_heading: cuT To:
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT.
text: Everyone is awake, staring up at the surreal perimeter like
text: sinners at the gates of heaven. Boat, steel curtain, and
text: whiteness is all that there is. They paddle along the barrier,
dialog: searching for its limits...
text: ...now it seems to be changing angle, the wall is beginning to
text: slope in an overhang. At the water level, it begins to recede;
text: overhead, it projects outwards. Finally, the wall ends ina
text: sloping diagonal...
text: They paddle the cigarette boat across the edge of the wall.
text: It's almost thick as it is tall. on the other side, it sweeps
text: back in an identical mirror image...
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: {pointing up)
dialog: Look!i!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 70,
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: He's pointing to some writing high up on the wall. ‘The faded
dialog: letters read:
scene_heading: “U.S.S. BRIDGESTON"
dialog: It's a ship!!!
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: LATER.
text: The group is making its way up an endless diagonal ramp that is
text: suspended along the hull. The cigarette boat seems like a toy,
text: hundreds of feet below at the base of the ramp.
text: Their sea legs are wobbly, unaccustomed to such solid ground.
text: For the first time, it's not rolling below them.
text: Morgan leads with his speargun drawn. The others follow with a
text: mixture of caution and bewilderment.
text: THE DECK.
text: The group emerges onto the vast plane of the deck. It is just
text: above the fog layer so the huge plateau seems to be floating on
text: an endiess sea of whiteness.
text: The area is larger than a dozen football fields strung out end
text: to end. Towards the stern, a massive bridge soars up several
text: stories. The surface is dotted with plant and animal life.
text: Several gnarly olive trees are growing somehow, bursting through
text: the deck from pockets where enough earth has gathered to sustain
text: them. A small bird colony has formed, with pelicans dive
text: bombing the water for food to bring back to their young.
text: Morgan looks around. “There's not a human in sight...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: This place is too quiet. Stay here,
dialog: I'ii check her out.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: I'm going with.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: BELOW.
text: Morgan and Wanda make their way along the darkened corridors in
text: the bowels of the old boat. Wanda has the lantern from the
dialog: cigarette boat...
text: .-.WATER DRIPS from a nearby valve. Not a soul in sight...
text: ...they move deeper and deeper into the recesses of the ship.
text: The corridor is getting darker, moldy...
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Hey, drifter. You an' I could do some
dialog: good things on this floater. If we
dialog: team up, you know what I mean? I
dialog: could make you, scream...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 71,
speaker_heading: {CONT}
text: Morgan frowns. They come to a T-juncture, where the hall splits
dialog: in two directions...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You go that way.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
text: THE DECK.
text: we are a MOVING POV. A mysterious PERSON, stalking through some
text: oil drums. WE PEEK around a barrel and spot Helen, Enola, Angel
text: and Troy waiting near the mouth of the diagonal boarding ramp.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: What's taking so long??
text: Helen glances suddenly in our direction and WE DUCK BACK...
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
text: BELOW.
text: Wanda enters a large darkened chamber. There is a LOW AMBIENT
text: MURMUR OF SQUEAKING. Wanda adjusts her lantern, to raise the
text: flame. The room begins to glow and she notices...
dialog: ...an ocean of rats!!!
text: Wall-to-wali squirming rodents, surrounding her, running across ;
text: her feet. Wanda smiles broadly, licks her lips. -
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Lunch...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MORGAN.
text: In another part of the endless halls. Almost pitch black here.
text: He's in a corridor lined with anonymous doors. He tries one.
text: It's locked. Tries another. Empty closet...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE MYSTERIOUS POV.
text: Still stalks the foursome on deck. Angel turns to Helen.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I don't trust those two.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Should I go after them?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Stay here. We might have to make a
dialog: quick getaway...
text: WE DUCK back inte hiding. Pause a moment. Then SCURRY OFF
dialog: through the machinery...
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
dialog: 72,
speaker_heading: MORGAN .
text: He reaches out to another door. It opens with a CREAK... seems
text: to be the Captain's cabin. He steps...
speaker_heading: INSIDE.
text: Dusty, cobwebs... mossy walls. A shaft of light from the
text: window. Morgan glances at the wide, double-berth. The covers
dialog: are lumpy -- could someone be sleeping in it?
text: Morgan advances, speargun raised... He reaches towards the
text: covers, yanks them back...
dialog: .. SKELETONS !!
dialog: Three people, maybe four. But what's strange is the bones --
dialog: they're all jet black...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE DECK.
text: Everyone's back, gathered for a meeting.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: What's “Black Bone?"
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: A plague just before you were born.
dialog: It wiped out whole flotillas. All
dialog: their bones became black...
text: Troy looks at her in horror...
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Don't worry. It's not contagious
dialog: anymore, The virus dies with its
dialog: victims.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: So this ship is ours.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Yeah. Let's see what we got.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: ON THE DECK.
text: Angel and T=oy have found an old pontoon plane near the bow.
text: The central aisle of the deck forms a short runway. Troy looks
text: at the plare curiously.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: An airship. I saw one once.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: It swims through the air, right?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Yeah. How'd you know?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Like a bird...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE STERN DECK.
text: Helen leads Enola to a large hatch on the backside of the bridge
text: tower. She swings it open and looks down.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It's the engine room!! Come on.
speaker_heading: INSIDE.
text: They make their way down the spiral staircase, descending into a
text: volume of Promethean proportions. A dizzying array of catwalks
text: suspended above two mammoth turbines. Twin steam driven screws
text: with racks upon racks of support equipment. A stupendous
text: network of pipes and tubing.
text: They come to the upper level in front of two giant reservoirs.
text: Helen twists open the huge bleeder valve. Some liquid trickles
text: out. She wets her finger, tastes it.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Distilled water! It's steam powered.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: This one's filled with petrol!
text: They look at each other like jackpot winners.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE CREW QUARTERS.
text: Morgan and Wanda have found a small gymnasium, complete with
text: Nautilus machines, barbells, “Stairmasters", rowers and
text: exercise bikes. The machinery looks spooky in the subdued
text: light. Morgan enters, gun drawn.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Torture chamber, maybe...
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: We could have a loads of fun in here,
dialog: for example. Or are you just not into
dialog: that?
text: Suddenly, a HAND clamps down over Wanda's mouth!!!
text: Morgan turns -- it's a LITTLE GUY. No more than four and a half
text: feet. Mousy looking. Cracked glasses. A lab smock. He's
text: Standing up on a stool in order to reach Wanda's mouth...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 74,
speaker_heading: (CONT .)
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Drop your gun or I'll kill her.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Go ahead. She's a pain in the ass.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (perplexed)
dialog: You're not supposed to say that!
text: With hardly any effort, Wanda pushes him aside. He's unarmed.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Who are you? I thought everybody on
dialog: this tub died of blackbone?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Who am 1??? I'm Cornelius Funky,
dialog: inventor of the antidote for
dialog: blackbone. who are you -- is more the
dialog: point -- and what are you doing on my
dialog: ship?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: It's a pretty big ship for just one
dialog: guy, Cornelius. You alone here?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: No... of course, not. There are my
dialog: bodyguards. My harem, my...
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Yeah, right. So what's with this
dialog: antidote. It didn't work so good?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: I only made enough for one dose...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE MESS HALL.
text: Everyone is gathered around the “Captain's Table" for a
text: celebration feast. There's bottled “designer” water, bird's
text: eggs and olives. Cornelius is looking very uncomfortable with
text: the new campany. Enola, next to him, takes a swig of water...
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: It tickles...
text: Angel lets out a LOUD BELCH. Everyone LAUGHS. Helen comes out
text: of the pantry with a tray overflowing with cans.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Hey... that's my favorite paté.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Relax, Cornelius. You have enough in
dialog: there for six lifetimes.
text: Helen begins prying open the cans and handing them out. Troy
text: tries to bite an olive, discovers the pit, hurts his teeth
text: trying to chew and finally spite it out.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Such table manners, young man! Are
dialog: you all just a bunch of savages? Look
dialog: at this girl... she has a tattoo!
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: (enjoying herself)
dialog: You like it?
speaker_heading: . CORNELIUS
text: It looks like a lunar eclipse. We
dialog: happen to be having one tonight. What
dialog: synchronicity...
text: Morgan stands up suddenly.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Of course... an eclipse!!
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: What's an eclipse?
text: Morgan moves over towards Enola, his expression intense. He
text: takes the amulets from her. Hands him to Cormelius.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: These are lenses, right?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
text: So it would appear. An ocular and a
dialog: diopter...
dialog: (inspecting them)
dialog: very high quality, I might add.
dialog: Undoubtedly for a telescope...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: That's itit
speaker_heading: BELEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: The secret!!
speaker_heading: (to CORNELIUS)
dialog: Do you have something round, a sphere
dialog: like the globe. A ball, anything...
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: I can do better than rhat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: THE SHIP LIBRARY.
text: Everyone is gathered around Morgan for a demonstration. Long
text: shafts of late-afternoon light streak through the porthole
text: windows. Morgan is holding up a globe,the kind with the
text: mountain ranges raised up in bas-relief.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: This is Waterworld. Before the Great
dialog: Thaw, Water's End was everywhere. Then,
text: the ocean rose and covered it all.
text: Everyone stares at what it used to be like. Morgan crosses to a
text: round white clock against the cabin wall. He points to it.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Pretend that's the moon.
text: Now, he holds the globe up in a shaft of light, casting a shadow
text: on the wall. He “moves” the shadow until it begins to "eclipse"
text: the clock face.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: During an eclipse, we move directly
text: between the sun and the moon, casting
dialog: a@ shadow...
text: Now, only a “crescent" of sunlit clock remains. Identical in
text: proportion to Enola's tattoo.
speaker_heading: MORGAN (Cont'd)
dialog: But we're also spinning at the same
dialog: time.
text: He begins to spin the globe on its axis, and suddenly, as if by
text: magic, a triangular nick grows out of the shadow portion,
dialog: cutting into the crescent!!!
text: It's one of the bas-relief mountains. He has spun the globe so
text: the tallest mountain is on the edge of the sphere -- the “lem"
text: of the earth -- casting a tiny triangular shadow against the
dialog: clock-face. It's exactly like the tattoo!
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: That's the nick in the tattoo. A
text: piece of Water’s End so tall that it
text: still sticks out from the ocean.
text: They look at him in stunned realization. An enlightened glow
text: sweeps across their faces. Enola is beaming.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: I knew you would help us!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: How did you figure that out?
text: Morgan looks at Enola and smiles.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: a
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I closed my eyes and dreamed.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: All the searchers have been looking
dialog: down -- onto, the waves -- when the
text: secret was to look up into the sky.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Why didn't I think of that?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You wanted it too much.
text: Wanda looks completely confused. She's the only one that
dialog: doesn't get it.
text: Everyone nods.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Enola’s parents... or whoever gave her
text: the tattoo, sent her with a clue that
dialog: you could use from anywhere on the
dialog: Planet. It doesn't matter where you
dialog: are. You get the coordinates off the
dialog: moon with a sextant. If the moon is
dialog: overhead, then we would be here...
dialog: {points to the globe)
text: .-ninety degrees away from Water's
dialog: End. But if the moon is near the
dialog: horizon, then it would be right behind
dialog: us...
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Hold it... time out. Are you telling
dialog: me this kid drifted from Water's End?
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: I like you better already, kid.
text: Morgan turns to Cornelius.:
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: What do you think of all this,
dialog: Cornelius?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
text: Fascinating. Most impressive.
dialog: Particular your knowledge of
dialog: astronomy. How can a savage know all
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: MORGAN .
dialog: I've been plotting my course against
dialog: the stars for years. You said there's
dialog: gonna be an eclipse tonight. How can
dialog: you know that?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: (CONT.)
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Simple, my boy...
dialog: {picking up a book)
dialog: An almanac.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: But how do you know what day it is?
text: Cornelius points to an enormous stack of calenders.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: The Funky family has been keeping
dialog: track of the days for six generations.
text: Helen grabs the “amulets."
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: So wa need to rig these into a scope,
dialog: right? Can you do it?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Young lady, there is nothing of which
text: Cornelius Funky is incapable.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: SUNSET.
text: Morgan is alone on the bridge terrace, deep in thought. Now,
text: there's the SOUND OF HOOFBEATS... Morgan looks down and can
dialog: scarcely believe his eyes...
text: There, below him on the deck, a white stallion, galloping
text: carefree on the vast open plane. Back and forth it runs,
text: shaking it's main, neighing up on its hind legs. Almost surreal
text: in the late-afternoon light...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.}
dialog: Hi...
text: Morgan spins, crashing out of his daydream. It's Enola...
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Why do you look so sad? We're going
dialog: to Water's EndJ
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Yeah...
text: She sits down beside him. He hesitates, then turns.
speaker_heading: : MORGAN
dialog: You think you'll recognize your real
dialog: parents when you see them again?
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: I don't know,
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I wonder how long it takes to forget.
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: THE BRIDGE. NIGHT.
text: Cornelius has jerry-rigged a telescope out of a piece of metal
text: piping. He puts his eye to it and checks the focusing
text: mechanism. The others watch behind him.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Perfect.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Can I see?
text: He lets her take a look.
scene_heading: POV THROUGH TELESCOPE.
text: The moon in all it's glory. Shining proud, full flawless.
text: Mighty craters rise majestically round the perimeter of the Sea
dialog: of Tranquility...
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS (0.S.)
dialog: The eclipse won't begin for another
dialog: six hours, so I suggest we all get
dialog: some rest.
speaker_heading: WANDA (0.S.)
dialog: What's an hour?
speaker_heading: ON CORNELIUS
text: Dumbfounded. He pulls out a pocket watch, winds it up.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Savages...
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Hours. There are twenty four ina
dialog: day.
dialog: cur TO:
text: A PETTY OFFICER'S CABIN.
text: Enola and Helen are sharing the ample double-berth. Enola is
text: sound asleep, but Helen's eyes are wide open. She stares up at
text: the ceiling. Glances to look at Enola for a moment. Then, gets
text: up and moves to the door.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: ANOTHER CABIN.
text: Morgan's awake too. There a light KNOCK.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: It's Helen.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I couldn't sleep.
text: Morgan looks at her for a moment.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 80.
dialog: (CONT. }
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Come in.
text: She sits at the foot of the bed.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I thought it would be a shame if we
dialog: didn't give being friends a chance.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: It's better than beating each other up
dialog: all the time.
text: Helen smiles. Morgan smiles back. They're both smiling. This,
text: we've never seen. Morgan sits up. He inches closer to her.
text: She lets him. He lifts his hand. Puts it on her cheek. Feels
text: her skin. She closes her eyes. Leans. They kiss...
text: ...and begin to make love.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MOONRISE OVER SEASCAPE.
text: It's rippling wake comes towards us like a ribbon of white.
dialog: Complete serenity, then...
dialog: « «+ VROOOMMMM! ! 1
text: ...a blur of passing vessels. One after another. Dozens upon ©
text: dozens. An endiess convoy of pirate boats...
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
speaker_heading: ENOLA.
text: Her eyes pop open, as if suddenly roused by a karmic alarm.
text: Helen's not there. She jumps out of bed and runs out...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE BRIDGE.
text: Cornelius is asleep at the navigation table. His head, laying
text: down on the board, surrounded by a half-dozen wind-up alarm
text: clocks. mola rushes up, looks out the observation window.
speaker_heading: HER POV.
text: The entire pirate armada surrounding the tanker!!! Fanning out
dialog: in attack formation.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Cornelius!! Quickt!
speaker_heading: ON CORNELIUS
text: Snapping up, disoriented. He starts slapping the alarm clocks
text: around him.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Look!
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: SEVERAL MINUTES LATER.
text: Cornelius moves towards a closet and swings the door cpen with a
text: flourish. It's packed with automatics and semis. A veritable
text: arsenal. Everyone is awake behind him, staring at the weapons.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: I've been waiting so long to use
dialog: these.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
text: There's no spare ammo. Just a couple
dialog: of clips.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Great...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: We'll have to improvise.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: How much longer until the eclipse?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS .
text: One hour and thirty six minutes.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: We can stall them. We just need an
dialog: escape plan.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: What about the airship? You know how
dialog: it works? .
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Obviously.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: O.K. Let's move... just keep them
dialog: from boarding.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Quick, come here!
text: Enola's at the viewing window, pointing down to the diagonal
text: boarding ramp, where several pirate vessels are converging.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Can you hoist that thing?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Why do you people keep asking me these
dialog: silly questions? Haven't you
dialog: understood, there's pothing I can't
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: We'll do it. We need lights coo.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 82.
dialog: (Cont. )
text: Cornelius goes to the control panel. Snaps on the "Masrer
text: Control,” the "Generator," the "Deck Lights"...
text: Immediately, the entire deck is awash with orange mercury vapor
text: lights. Cornelius hits the “Ramp Winch" but nothing happens,
text: He flips it back and forth...
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Oh oh...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Is there a manual override?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (a worried nod)
dialog: Down there...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE.
text: Morgan vaults down the bridge ladder. Several pirate vessels
text: are closing in on the diagonal ramp that runs up the hull...
text: Morgan races across the deck. He yanks back the hoisting lever
text: but nothing happens. The ramp is stuck. Morgan looks down. A
text: safety hook is preventing the pulley from working. The pirate
text: boats are twenty yards and closing...
text: Morgan zooms down the ramp. ‘The pirates begin to FIRE. Sparks
text: fly in all directions as bullets ricochet off the steel huil.
text: Morgan lunges for the hook and tries to work it free. It's
dialog: rusty and stuck...
text: Now a pirate dives onto the ramp from his “whaler." He tries to
text: tackle Morgan but suddenly the hook comes loose.
text: Immediately, the gigantic winches turn and begin to suck the
dialog: ramp upwards...
text: The pirate looses his footing and Morgan kicks him in the jaw.
text: He plunges into the ocean. Morgan claws his way up the moving
text: ramp. Another vessel sweeps alongside and blasts a colum of
dialog: fire...
text: The ramp erupts into flame. Morgan scrambles through the fiery
text: tunnel and dives back onto the deck...
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: AERIAL ANGLE.
text: The tanker is completely surrounded by pirate vessels. Some
text: have searchlights which are raking over the vast hull, seeking
dialog: out points of vulnerability.
dialog: Their only advantage is the sheer height of the hull, maybe
text: forty yards from waterline to deck. It's like a floating
text: fortress but they are outnumbered forty to one.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: on
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: The pirates are laying siege, bombarding the ship with firepower
text: while attempting to erect battlements to board her...
text: A SPYGLASS POV.
text: Someone observing Morgan as he huddles with the others to
dialog: coordinate the defense.
scene_heading: ON LAZLO.
text: He lowers a spyglass, turns to Helmut beside him at the bridge
text: of the pirate command ship. Their eyes lock.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: You sure you've never seen him before?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I. swear it. He's just a drifter.
dialog: Lost his mind.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Good. Take him alive. I want to skin
dialog: him raw and dip him in salty brine. I
dialog: want to pull out his fingernails one
dialog: by one...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I won't fail you, father.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Don't call me that any more. I've
dialog: reversed your adoption...
text: Helmit looks at him curiously.
text: ON THE DECK.
text: Wanda defends the starboard side. A rope with a gaff hook is
text: tossed up behind her, snagging the deck rail. She rushes to it,
text: flings it off. The PIRATE falls SCREAMING into the water.
text: THE PORT SIDE.
text: Helen is holding her own. Four hooks ropes come up at the same
text: time, but she slices them off with the survival knife.
text: Morgan is the "rover," rushing around from side to side as
dialog: needed.
text: THE BRIDGE TERRACE.
text: Enola is the “spotter." She has a large megaphone and YELLS
text: down points of attack as she sees them.
speaker_heading: ENOLA |
dialog: To starboard at the bow!! Amidships,
dialog: to port, three ropes!!
text: Cornelius, behind her, is wringing his hands nervously...
dialog: tweeking the telescope on occasion.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: THE STERN.
dialog: The hull here is square and flat so this is where the pirates
text: are concentrating their efforts. Hooked ropes fly up in massive
text: volleys. Several pirate vessels are erecting a battlement with
text: masts and ladders. But Angel and Troy are holding it valiantly.
text: They lob down Molitov cocktails, which explode midair showering
text: the pirates with shrapnel. Then, they race over to the
text: battlement carrying a large cauldron-shaped vat. They lift it
text: up to the rail and pour its contents down...
text: It's boiling engine oil!!! The pirates writhe in agony under
text: the “napalm” waterfall, collapsing in SCREAMS into the ocean...
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Who needs bullets?
text: THE PORT SIDE.
text: On the foredeck of an attack ship, Helmut is being strapped into
text: an elaborate harness -- it's a monstrous catapult!
text: Several pirates struggle to lock the huge launching arm into
text: firing position. Helmut climbs onto the catapult and buckles
dialog: the straps.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Ready.
text: A pirate yanks out the retaining pin and the arm rockets
text: forward, launching Helmut up to deck level...
text: THE DECK.
text: Helmut slams into the rail with a THUD. He hoists himself over.
text: Helen moves to intercept him, but he BLASTS a cover of automatic
text: fire. Immediately, he clips a series of block and tackle
text: pulleys along the rail.
text: Below, pirates grabs the ropes and hoist up more ATTACKERS...
text: Morgan runs to sabotage the beachhead. But Helmut SPRAYS the
text: deck with an entire clip. Morgan somersaults behind a vent. He
text: peeks around his cover and stares at Helmut -- pure pirate, lost
dialog: beyond hope of salvation.
text: wanda calis out to Morgan, holding up her gun.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: No more bullets!
text: Morgan thinks for a moment. Just then, SOMEONE jumps him from
text: behind!: He spins -- it's Helen.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: There's just too many boats down
dialog: there...
text: Morgan suddenly gets an idea. He calls up to the bridge.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: gs.
dialog: {CONT. }
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: START THE ENGINE! !
text: AT THE BRIDGE.
text: Enola moves up to Cornelius.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Can you start the engine?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Naturally.
text: He flips some switches, turns the starter. Nothing...
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Oops. It's... uh... been sometime,
dialog: I...
text: Enola rushes out onto the terrace.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: WE CAN'T DO IT!
text: BELOW.
text: Morgan turns to Helen.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I'm going to the engine room. I'll
dialog: get it manually...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You know the size of the rotors on
dialog: this thing? In full-reverse they'll
dialog: suck in their boats and shred them.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: That's a good little idea there,
dialog: drifter.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You retreat to the bridge and hold it.
text: (glances back at the beachhead)
dialog: Cover me!
text: Helen grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: No way! You cover me.
text: Morgan looks in his pouch -- one more twelve gauge shell, two in
text: the shotgun breach. They look at each other. A little silent
dialog: prayer. Then, they both go...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 86,
dialog: (CONT. }
text: «bullets from every direction graze their skin, bouncing off
text: the deck in a SYMPHONY OF RICCOS...
text: Morgan dives behind a tubular vent stack. Helen risks a fi
text: more steps and makes it to Wanda's shelter. She catches her
text: breath a moment. Then, both women sprint towards the bridge
dialog: tower...
text: Now, waves of pirates are clambering aboard. Morgan looks ’
dialog: around quickly...
speaker_heading: NOT FAR AWAY
text: Helmut is busy choreographing the assault. He signals a squad
text: to the far side, another back around the port rail...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ON MORGAN
text: slowly realizing what is happening. He is completely
text: surrounded!!! All at once, the pirates make their move...
text: Morgan spins. BLAM!!! He took out three with that shot. Now
dialog: the other side...
text: ...he ducks as BULLETS spray above him. They're closing in from
dialog: all sides!!! Yards away...
text: Morgan looks at the mouth of the large tubular vent, Suddenly,
text: he dives in it head first...
text: IN THE VENT SHAFT
text: It's like a gigantic slide, almost vertical. Morgan BANGS and
text: BASHES against the sides of the chute, plunging blindly...
speaker_heading: ON DECK
text: Helmut rushes up to the tubular vent. He turns to his men.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I got him. Take the others. -
text: Helmut climbs into the vent and plunges after him...
text: BELOW.
text: Morgan continues to sink down the endless shaft. Now, it twists
text: and corkscrews like bob-sled course. Suddenly, it ends and he
text: is hurled out into...
text: A HUGE CHAMBER.
text: Morgan spills onto the metallic floor in a stunned heap. He
text: looks around at the stupendous volume. It's an enormous empty
text: oil tank. Walls soar above like a great vaulted cathedral...
text: ...he hears a BANGING sound and turns to see Helmut launched out
text: of the chute opening. His gun skids across the floor, with a
scene_heading: REVERBERANT ECHO...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 87.
dialog: (CONT. }
text: Morgan moves above him with his shotgun. Helmut looks up at the
text: menacing double-barrel...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Stand up.
text: Helmut complies, glancing to where his gun has landed, ten feet
text: away. He turns back to Morgan and the shotgun. They look at
text: each other for a moment. Eye to eye. Morgan takes a breath.
text: Then he turns the shotgun around and hands it to Helmut.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: If you're not my son, shoot me,
text: His voice ECHOES eerily in the vast chamber. Helmut stares in
text: disbelief for a moment. He takes the gun. Morgan is calm,
text: accepting. Helmut raises the weapon. Aims it. Morgan has not
text: blinked. Helmit's finger tightens around the trigger...
text: Now Morgan closes his eyes. Impulsively, Helmut swings the gun
text: out sideways into the void. He pulls the trigger...
dialog: CLICK!!! :
text: It was empty. Morgan and Helmut pokerface each other.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You think I'd give a loaded gun to a
dialog: pirate?
dialog: poe
text: A beat. Was that a joke? Helmut looks at the man across from
text: him. Morgan's face is enigmatic. Is that a grimace or the hint
dialog: of a smile?
text: Then, simultaneously, as if by psychic command, both men dive
dialog: for Helmut's gun...
text: ...it's skids further away. Helmut grapples. Morgan kicks it.
text: Now, a great THUD comes down from above. Pirates have opened
text: the large overhead door. Morgan glances up... -
text: Pirates begin to rappelle down ropes, like spiders. They FIRE
text: their automatics. The sound ECHOES in the vast cavern, building
text: into an excruciating CACOPHONY of overlapping explosions...
text: Morgan notices a small door. It's his only hope. He dives for
text: it, wrenching open the lock wheel, SLAMMING it behind...
text: IN THE PASSAGEWAY.
text: Morgan has entered some kind of air-lock. Another door. He
text: yanks it open and bolts it from the other side...
text: It's a long, dark corridor somewhere in the bowels of the ship.
text: Morgan runs blindly... He can hear, behind him, the SOUNDS of
text: pirates struggling with the lock. They BLAST at it with their
dialog: cur To:
dialog: 88.
text: ON THE PORT SIDE.
text: Lazlo has made his way up and over the rail with a squad of men.
text: Dieter is with him. They start towards the stern.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: This way
text: THE TERRACE OUTSIDE THE BRIDGE.
text: Wanda and Helen pull themselves up the final rungs.
text: waves of pirates are making their way towards the base of the
text: ladders below them on deck. Wanda notices something behind
dialog: them...
text: There's a pair of huge water-cannons for extinguishing fires.
text: One on each side of the bridge terrace. They jump into the
text: swivelling control chairs, open the valves...
text: A rocket-like geyser cof water spews out of the nozzle. Helen
text: swings her hose around to the starboard ladder. ‘The flow pulses
text: out like a jackhammer, wrenching the pirates off the ladders.
text: They fall SCREAMING to the deck...
dialog: cur TO:
text: THE BOWELS OF THE SHIP.
text: Morgan comes into a large room with subdued light. He looks
dialog: around, It's the engine room!!
text: The mammoth twin turbines sit idle like lifeless whales. Morgan
text: races up the ladder to the mid-level catwalk. He runs to the
text: control panel. An intimidating array of buttons. He punches a
text: few. Nothing. He turns a key. Still nothing...
text: . but then an AGONIZED GROAN, as the massive gears scrape
text: against their rusted bearings. Suddenly, the engine ROARS to
text: life. The whole room vibrates with the bone-rattling HUM of the
text: gargantuan machine. Morgan slams the throttle into "Full-
dialog: Reverse."
text: The impressive screws begin to turn... faster and faster...
text: UNDERWATER.
text: ..-spinning the colossal rotors in a furious rage. They suck in
dialog: oceans of current...
scene_heading: THE WATERLINE.
text: Water froths up. Pirate vessels are vacuumed in towards the
text: mammoth blades. Ladders topple. Pirates cascade into the
text: water. Wooden boats splinter like match-sticks...
scene_heading: THE STERN.
text: Angel and Troy look down with big grins.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 89,
dialog: (CONT. }
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Why didn't I think of that?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You wanted it too much.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: THE ENGINE ROOM. UPPER LEVEL.
text: Lazio and his team burst in at the upper catwalk, They spot
text: Morgan climbing the ladder across the void, his back to them,
dialog: oblivious...
text: Dieter raises a cross-bow, TWANG!!! A barbed dart shoots
text: across the volume. It's attached to a long wire paying out from
dialog: a spool...
text: THUNK!! It hits Morgan in the shoulder blade. He SCREAMS.
text: Dieter yanks the line back. Morgan is forced to release. He
text: pendulums across the void, suspended by the harpoon wire. The
text: thick barbs are lodged deep in his flesh. He is helpless, like
text: a fish on a hook...
text: Lazlo locks down at him, dangling below the catwalk with an
text: expression of pathetic agony.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Reel him in.
text: Dieter and the other three pirates haul the wire in, pulling
text: Morgan up towards the catwalk. |
text: The flesh around the barb is turning deep blue. Morgan grabs
text: onto the wire with his hands to lessen the pressure on his
text: shoulder blade. lLazlo LAUGHS sadistically...
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: How do you feel now, smali fry?
text: Morgan is losing the will to struggle, like a fish puiled close
text: to the boat.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: I remember you now. I killed your
dialog: wife all those years ago. Too ugly to
dialog: save. But your son... what a faithful
dialog: little soldier he's become. He'd give
dialog: his life for me... .
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Not any more.
text: It's Helmut!! He has a gun. The pirates turn to him.
speaker_heading: LAZLO
dialog: Helmut!! You'll die for this.
speaker_heading: HELMUT/BLAKE
text: Helmut's already dead.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 90.
dialog: (CONT. }
text: Blake begins to PUMP OUT rounds of GUNFIRE. ‘Two pirates drop
text: while Dieter dives aside and FIRES back. Lazlo manages to run
text: away down the catwalk. Morgan's wire is released. He plunges
dialog: downward. . «
text: -.-directly into the machinery!!! ‘The huge spinning gear
dialog: assembly -- he'll be ground to a pulp....
text: ...but the end of the wire snags on the rail! He stopped inches
text: short. His feet are dangling above the 3000 RPM gears...
dialog: ..the wire is slipping...
text: ---meanwhile, above, Blake has Dieter pinned behind a reservoir.
text: The last pirate tries to make a run for it. But Blake BLASTS
text: him. He goes flying over the rail, directly towards Morgan...
text: ..-Morgan braces himself. ‘They collide. The wire yanks off the
text: rail. They fall. ‘The pirate is chewed up into the gears.
text: Morgan barely clears the machine, spilling onto the floor...
text: He stands. The barb is still hopeless stuck in his back. The
text: pain is almost unendurable. He gathers up the wire and holds it
text: up against a spinning gear linkage. Sparks fly as he begins to
dialog: cut through it...
text: ...Suddenly, he notices Lazio charging him with a harpoon. He
text: turns and parries the blow with a length of wire stretched
text: between his hands. Lazlo swings again. Morgan retreats...
speaker_heading: cuT To:
speaker_heading: ON DECK.
text: Angel and Troy have snuck around the shadow of the bridge tower
text: to check out the situation. The pirates are busy hoisting the
text: catapult launcher on deck in order to mount the final assault on
text: the bridge. Beyond the pirates, the pontoon plane sits ready on
dialog: the runway.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Even if we hold them, we'll never get
dialog: to the plane...
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Wanna bet? How would you feel about
dialog: the largest gasoline bomb in history?
text: Angel ducks into the shadows. Troy follows her curiously.
text: Angel finds what she was looking for -- a deck-level fuel
text: bleeder valve. She opens it and a slow stream of gasoline
text: begins to pour out on the deck. :
text: Angel grabs some signal flares, cracks them open. She begins to
text: pour out the gun powder in a line along the runway. It's a fuse.
dialog: cur To:
text: THE BRIDGE.
text: Enola suddenly points up to the moon.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: ry It's happening!!
text: A shadow is slowly moving across the face. Cornelius looks up,
text: completely flustered. Outside on the terrace, Wanda and Helen
text: are still repelling pirates with the water cannons.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: What do we do... what do we do?
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: Calm down, Cornelius. The
dialog: coordinates, remember?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Right, right. You watch the
text: telescope. As soon as the bump
dialog: appears, you let me know,
dialog: (grabs a sextant)
dialog: I'll get the moon altitude.
text: Cornelius fumbles with the sextant. Puts it to his eye.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
text: It's upside-down, Cornelius.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: IN THE ENGINE ROOM. 2
text: Blake FIRES a diversion burst. Then, he leap-frogs over the
text: rail and jumps down to the lcwer catwalk. Dieter FIRES back at
text: Blake's former position, oblivious to his maneuver. Blake now
text: creeps along the lower catwalk, trying to sneak under Dieter...
text: Below, Lazlo explodes in a furious series of thrusts and blows.
text: Morgan retreats each in turn, but then trips on the ever-present
text: wire and sprawls backwards. Lazlo lunges with the harpoon.
text: Morgan SNAPS his wire like a whip. It coils around the spear
text: and Morgan yanks it out of Lazlo's hand, The harpoon skitters
text: across the floor. Lazlo attacks with bare hands. They roll
text: across the floor towards the stern terrace...
text: Meanwhile, Blake is directly beneath Dieter. He can see him
text: above through the catwalk grate. Blake takes aim...
dialog: CLICK!!
text: What a time to run out of ammo. Dieter spins and spots him
text: below. He cocks his gun and aims...
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: Loyalty... we all stick together,
dialog: remember? What happened to you?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: It's a big lie, don't you see? He's
dialog: only loyal to himself?. You think he's
dialog: gonna take you to Water's End? Look
dialog: @ at your hand. You're not a perfect
dialog: "physical specimen.”
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: . 92.
dialog: (CONT. }
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: Shut up...
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: He'll kill you like anyone else that
dialog: doesn’t fit in.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: Shut the fuck up. I don't believe you!
text: He FIRES, hitting Blake in the shoulder. Blake stumbles to the
text: rail. Dieter takes aim again. It's all over...
dialog: BANG! !
text: But it's Dieter that falis. Troy is behind him with the smoking
text: Troy and Blake look at each orher -- an unspoken bond. Two
text: generations of boys that Lazlo tried to indoctrinate. Troy
text: takes his hand and hides the triangle in his forehead. Biake
text: does likewise. A gesture of solidarity. They smile at each
dialog: other...
text: Blake turns to look for Morgan. But they're gone.
scene_heading: THE STERN TERRACE.
text: It's a tiny deck for ship maintenance, directly below the huge
text: letters: “U.S.S. BRIDGESTON." Lazlo has Morgan pinned in a
text: backbend over the rail. Directly below, the enormous rotor
text: spins incessantly...
text: Lazlo is forcing Morgan's chin back with his hand. He's looped
text: his other hand through the rail, pulling at Morgan's barbed
text: hook. Morgan is on the verge of fainting from the pain. Sweat
text: washes down his face in gushes. He's weakening. Lazlo grits
dialog: his teeth with determination...
text: Suddenly, Morgan hugs Lazio with his legs and flips backwards
text: over the ledge. They both samersault over...
dialog: . falling...
text: ..but Morgan has grabbed the terrace lip with one hand...
text: ..Lazlo is still holding the barbed hook in Morgan's back...
text: .. below them, the lethal blades spin furiously...
text: .two men suspended one from the other like chain links...
text: ..-blood is pouring out of Morgan's shoulder which has swollen
text: up like a small pumpkin. The barb is still firmly lodged...
text: .. Morgan's fingers begin to slip off the balcony. They're wet
dialog: with perspiration...
text: ..-his face is in agony...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 93.
dialog: \CONT. }
text: ..-he can’t take it anymore, looks up to the lunar eclipse for a
dialog: split second and...
dialog: ...-releases... so Lazlo also releases...
text: -.-buc, from nowhere, Blake clamps down on Morgan's forearm,
dialog: hauling him up...
text: ..-While Lazlo continues plunging downwards. His cape of
text: feathers filling up like a parachute...
text: For an instant, Lazlo looks like he is trying to fly...
text: -..then, he hits the water. The moonlit foam becomes sanguine
text: as Lazlo is shredded mercilessly by the rotors. The feathers
text: spin up and slowly settle on a liquid carpet of blood...
text: ...Blake helps his father onto the platform...
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: We've got to get this hook out of you.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: No time. Let's go...
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: No, wait. Trust me. It's the only way.
text: Morgan looks at his son. He shuts his eyes in anticipation.
text: Blake grips the barb and twists it out counter-clockwise.
text: Morgan grimaces, clenching his teeth. His knees are weak.
text: Blake holds up the barb and wire. He tosses it overboard.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
text: THE BRIDGE TERRACE.
text: A pair of pirates are launched up on the catapult, while Wanda
text: and Helen are ducking a SPRAY OF COVERFIRE. Immediately, the
text: pirates hook up the standard block and tackle pulleys. They're
text: going to take the bridge!!! Helen and Wanda take cover...
dialog: "cur To:
scene_heading: VERTICAL SHAFT.
text: Angel and Troy are helping Morgan and Blake -- the two wounded
text: warriors -- up a ladder stairwell...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: INSIDE THE BRIDGE.
text: Enola is looking through the telescope. Her expression suddenly
text: becomes panicky...
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: It's there!! It's there!!!
text: POV THROUGH SCOPE.
text: Sure enough, a tiny bump is emerging from the curved shadow.
text: About thirty degrees north of the "Equator."
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: ON CORNELIUS.
text: He holds up the sextant. He looks confused...
speaker_heading: ENOLA {0.S.)
dialog: Quick. It's disappearing...
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: Iocan't do it. I don't know how to
dialog: use a sextant.
text: Enola grabs it from him, puts it up to her eye, measuring...
text: At that instant, the door is KICKED open. A squad of pirates
text: burst inside, with Helen and Wanda as prisoner...
speaker_heading: PIRATE
dialog: Everybody freeze.
text: A pirate grabs Enola viciously by the hair. The sextant goes
dialog: flying...
text: But now Blake emerges from the hatch.
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: I'll take the prisoners. Lazlo wants
dialog: you below...
text: They eye him suspiciously.
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: On the double!!
text: The men start filing down the hatch. He points to the women and
dialog: Cornelius.
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: Qutside!! Onto the terrace...
text: Helen begins to resist but then notices Morgan signaling to her
text: from outside. He lobs a Molitov cocktail into hatch after the
text: other pirates. Everyone dives outside as...
text: ...the bridge EXPLODES in a massive fireball...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: (to HELEN)
dialog: My son's alive and kicking!
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE.
text: Everybody has converged on the mezzanine deck, The group races
text: down the central catwalk, descending onto the runway.
text: Meanwhile, the second wave of pirates are hoisting themselves up
text: onto the deck from boats below. Waves of killers are converging
dialog: on them...
text: The group runs and piles into the small pontoon plane, but at
text: the last instant, Cornelius balks...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: I'm not going! I'm staying with the
dialog: ship...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Are you crazy? They'll kill you...
text: GUNFIRE begins to pepper around them. Pirates are swarming the
text: ship, getting closer and closer...
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Who's going to swim the airship??
dialog: They'11 kill us all...
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: I’m willing take my chances...
text: Suddenly, Angel pulls out a flare gun and shoots down onto the
text: deck, igniting her fuse. It begins to burn, a straight line
text: right down the runway towards the massive fuel reservoirs...
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I just made your chances zero. Ina
dialog: couple heartbeats this whole fucking
dialog: ship's gonna blow up. Now get your
text: ass into the airship.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Oh not! Oh no... you shouldn't have
dialog: done that... They never taught me to
dialog: fly!! I don't know how it works...
text: Everyone looks at each other in a stunned silence. The flaming
text: fuse races Onwar -- about forty seconds to go. Morgan suddenly
text: grabs Cornelius and stuffs him into the pilot's seat.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Learn fastt!
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT
text: Cornelius looks around in utter panic. He flips a few switches.
dialog: Nothing. Wanda looks like she's gonna be sick...
text: THE FUSE.
text: Racing along... thirty seconds.
text: THE DECK.
text: Pirates are within forty yards of the plane.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS -
text: Sweating profusely. Tries a few more switches.
text: Helen shakes her head in disbelief...
text: THE FUSE.
dialog: SSSBSSSSSEESS.......~
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 36.
text: THE COCKPIT.
text: Suddenly, a HAND reaches in from outside and grabs Cornelius.
text: It's a VICIOUS PIRATE, trying to yank him out. Cornelius
text: struggles, flails his arms...hits something...
text: ..-CHUG...GHUG...CHUG... the props begin to turnll It was the
text: Starter! His hands slap something else -- the throttle...
text: The plane lurches forward. The pirate loses his grip, slips
text: back onto the pontoon...
text: The airship begins to rattle along the runway...
text: THE DECK.
text: ...the plane catches up to the burning fuse. They're running
text: neck and neck -- but will the plane clear the runway before the
dialog: fuse hits those gasoline tanks?
text: CHUG...CHUG...CHUG...The pirate is dragged along with them.
text: IN THE COCKPIT.
text: Cornelius is shaking with fear.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: I think we're too heavy. We'll never
dialog: take off!!
scene_heading: LONGSHOT. THE DECK.
text: The fuse burns across the frame in the foreground. The plane
text: runs parallel with it, behind. It’s a dead heat. But there's
text: only about fifty feet of runway left, and the wheels haven't
dialog: left the ground...
dialog: ...they're not going to make it!!
text: ...the plane pours over the lip of the deck, falling...
dialog: ..-down towards the sea...
text: ...the pirate dangling onto the pontoon skims the water. He's
text: forced to release. Then, the plane suddenly surges upwards...
text: IN THE COCKPIT.
text: Cornelius smiles triumphantly,
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: See? Too heavy... I told you...
dialog: me. KAabooommll!
text: Tne ships explodes in a massive fireball, which mushrooms up and
text: out, singeing the plane. The airship surges upwards into the
text: heavens, leaving the flaming ship below like a tiny patch of
text: glowing lava in a sea of blackness...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 97.
dialog: (CONT. }
text: Smiles and SIGHS of relief. Morgan has his arm around his son.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: What about the coordinates, Cornelius?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Ask the girl...
text: Everyone turns to Enola. She hesitates.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: You got them didn’t you, Enola?
text: A moment of suspense. Then, Enola turns to Morgan, smiling
dialog: proud. wane
speaker_heading: “ ENOLA
dialog: - Twelve degrees above the horizon...
speaker_heading: ™ corNELIUS
dialog: It’s right behind us!! We should
dialog: reach it by sunrise...
text: But, in the excitement, he's released the stick. The plane goes
text: into a nauseating nosedive. He pulls her back up, sending
dialog: everyone's stomach through the basement...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: THE OCEAN, DAY.
text: The pontoon plane flies towards us erratically. The engine
text: SPITS a few times. Now, the plane begins a wobbling descent.
text: It hits with water with a SPLASHY GEYSER, somewhere between a
text: nosedive crash and a picture-perfect touchdown...
dialog: But why are they landing? It's the middle of nowhere...
dialog: Wait. Are those birds?
text: Look, a school of dolphin is surrounding the plane like a
text: welcoming committee. The group piles out LAUGHING, CHEERING.
text: Morgan's shoulder is bandaged...
text: They are wading in the water!!! A sand shelf...
text: WE TURN 180 degrees TO REVEAL, the most beautiful, inviting
dialog: island you can imagine...
dialog: WATER'S END!!!
text: Not just one, but a string of islands. A tropical
dialog: archipelago...
text: The troupe re-enters the shot, frolicking in shallow water.
text: They make their way onto the beach, GIGGLING like children.
dialog: It's hard to maintain balance on terra firma after a lifetime of
text: sea legs. They fall into the sand and roll around. There's aa
text: small shack in the background...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: (CONT. )
text: ...and now Morgan stands, looking in disbelief. A heard of wild
text: horses gallop past them on the beach...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: THE SHACK.
text: Angel and Wanda step inside. Dark and dusty. Some rotting
text: furniture. Then they notice some bones, a skull. Ebony black.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Blackbone...
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: That's why they set her adrift.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE.
text: Everyone is LAUGHING, playing in the sand. Cornelius stands up
dialog: suddenly agitated...
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Goodness, I've forgotten my calender.
dialog: How will I keep track of the days.
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: Why don't we just call this day number
dialog: one...
text: Blake moves up to Morgan and hugs him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: THE APEX OF WATER'S END.
text: Enola has made it to the peak of the mountain. She can see the
dialog: other's way below her on the beach...
text: She notices something planted in the earth. A bit of cloth ona
text: stake. She unfurls it -- a Union Jack, tattered and torn.
text: Below it, is a metal plaque. Enola wipes off the dirt. It
dialog: reads: :
dialog: Edmund Hillary
dialog: Sherpa Tenzing Norgay
dialog: May 29, 1953
text: Enola studies it curiously. She stands, wipes her hands...
text: WE PULL BACK HIGHER AND HIGHER into the air like a soaring bird,
text: Enola standing triumphant on the mountaintop.
speaker_heading: ENOLA
dialog: {co herself}
dialog: Now I'm really home. .
text: AS WE SPIRAL UPWARDS into the heavens, the string of islands
text: stretch out below us like an earthly paradise...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE SECRET
dialog: the moon
dialog: 
dialog: 149,660,000 kilometers t0°*.,
dialog: the sun
dialog: 
