speaker_heading: WAVES
dialog: by
scene_heading: TREY EDWARD SHULTS
text: Over black, ‘Lock Raven’ by Animal Collective begins...
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Music slowly builds as we pass over pavement in EXTREME SLOW
dialog: MOTION....
text: .+.. The CAMERA tilts up to find the back of bicycle tires
text: and two feet pedaling...
text: .+. We lift higher to discover a GIRL (16) riding the bike.
text: The girl’s hair blows through the wind...
text: .+. The girl slowly takes her hands off the handle bars...
text: She stretches her arms out to her side and lifts them into
text: the air... She opens her hands to let the wind rush between
text: her finger tips... She looks free, like she is flying....
text: «+. The CAMERA tilts up, past the girl, and stares directly
text: into the sun. The light is blinding and it gives way to a
text: splash of beautiful colors that are alive and bright as they
text: flow in and out of each other... We see green, blue, yellow,
dialog: orange, etc...
text: .+. We continue to take in the music as the colors begin to
text: merge and morph... Different images begin to take shape...
text: ‘FloriDada’ by Animal Collective slams on.
text: The beat grows with a rush of images... They range from the
text: macro to the micro; waves, trees, stop signs, cats,
text: Everglades, hands, shells, ghettos, sand, cows, seagulls,
text: gators, mailboxes, fish, golf courses...
text: The first verse hits and the images continue to shoot by;
text: street lights, cars, lakes, suburbs, scales, plants,
text: manatees, eyes, malls, shopping centers, lizards,
text: skyscrapers, grass, beaches, clouds, rain, trailer parks,
text: dogs, houses, ducks, a variety of people that range in class,
dialog: size, gender, and race.....
dialog: The pre- chorus hits and we continue to experience this
text: overwhelming, yet beautiful, chaotic collage of life, energy, and
text: movement. A coked up bum-rush of images through the melting pot of
text: South Florida... The images continue until they are all colliding
dialog: and super imposed over each other...
dialog: The chorus hits:
scene_heading: ANIMAL COLLECTIVE ( IN SONG )
dialog: Flori, Flori, Flori, Flori, Florida
dialog: Floridada, Floridada...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SEVEN MILE BRIDGE - MID DAY
text: The CAMERA is sky high as it shoots through the air in an AERIAL
text: SHOT overlooking a long bridge full of cars... Soon, we narrow in
text: on a green Toyota Tacoma. The CAMERA pushes in until it nearly
text: hits the back of the truck.
scene_heading: INT. TOYOTA TACOMA - CONTINUOUS
text: The ‘Wipe Out’ sample hits and then the bridge of the song comes _in
text: as the CAMERA spins around to find ALEXIS (18) and TYLER (18,
text: black). The CAMERA continues to spin in a dizzying 360 that can
text: barely contain their love. Tyler drives with the music cranked as he
text: and Alexis are essentially doing a karaoke duet at the top of their
dialog: lungs:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TYLER
text: WHERE’S THE BRIDGE THAT’S GONNA TAKE ME
dialog: HOME? !!
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
text: A BRIDGE THAT SOMEONE’S FIGHTING OVER! !
speaker_heading: TYLER
text: A BRIDGE THAT SOMEONE’S PAYING FOR!!!
scene_heading: ALEXIS AND TYLER
text: A BRIDGE SO OLD SO LET IT GO!!!!
text: The bridge continues. They sing, yell, and smile as Tyler shakes
text: the steering wheel and Alexis dances in her seat. Their energy
text: feels like a ball of fire and it’s beautiful...
text: The chorus comes back and the CAMERA pans away to look out at the
text: road ahead. A RINGING SOUND has been seeping in, it begins to
dialog: overpower the music...
scene_heading: INT. WRESTLING GYM - DAY
text: The ringing school bell cuts out.
text: A mix of the original and the live version of ‘Be Above It’ by Tame
text: Impala seeps in as a wrestling gym comes into focus. Tyler jogs
text: into the gym, drenched in sweat, with teammates following behind...
text: Tyler begins jogging in circles, warming up, and the CAMERA follows
text: him in a 360 as he pumps himself up... The beat comes _in and the
text: CAMERA changes to spin around Tyler in a 360 as he wrestles with a
text: teammate. Tyler gets his teammate in a fireman’s takedown and slams
text: him to the mat.
text: Now, Tyler and his teammates are climbing ropes in the wrestling
text: gym. Sometimes with weight strapped around their torso and
dialog: sometimes without using their legs...
text: Soon, the whole team is in extreme pain as they do plate work outs.
dialog: COACH WISE yells:
speaker_heading: COACH WISE
dialog: Come on, Hayes! PUSH IT!... Let me tell
dialog: ya something, the pain of losing is worse
dialog: than any pain you’re feeling right now!
dialog: Okay? Let me tell ya- Shit fire! We are
dialog: cookin now, boys! We ain’t stoppin until
dialog: someone pukes! Aite?
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - START OF SCHOOL DAY
text: CLOSE UP: Tyler takes an Adderall with a protein shake... The
text: CAMERA pans across a highschool, packed with kids as they head to
text: class... We keep panning until we find Tyler driving while drinking
dialog: his protein shake...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAYS OF HIGHSCHOOL - DAY
text: We follow behind Tyler and Alexis, holding hands...
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD OF HIGHSCHOOL - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler and Alexis hang with their friends, a mix of kids. Alexis is
text: sitting on Tyler's lap, rubbing her hand through his hair.
scene_heading: INT. ENGLISH CLASSROOM - DAY
text: The CAMERA pushes through the classroom to find Tyler sitting up
text: and listening to his ENGLISH TEACHER:
scene_heading: ENGLISH TEACHER
dialog: Every time you leave this classroom, I want
dialog: you to look at that sign and think about what
dialog: it means, and how it applies to you... Carpe
dialog: Diem... Seize. The. Day. Every day of your
dialog: lives is a gift, so make the most of it!
text: The CAMERA pushes past the teacher and into the sign.
scene_heading: INT. WEIGHT ROOM - DAY
text: Tyler is lifting weights with the wrestling team. He’s on bench
text: press... Tyler finishes his reps and racks the weight. He flexes in
text: the mirror, buzzed off his pump...
scene_heading: EXT. FOOTBALL FIELD - DAY
text: Tyler is doing conditioning drills with his team. He is running
text: along the football field with a 45 pound plate above his head...
text: Now, the team is running bleachers in the football stadium. Tyler sees
text: Alexis in the distance. She’s in the middle of the football field
text: practicing drills for the drill team.
scene_heading: INT. WRESTLING GYM - DAY
text: CLOSE UPS and SLOW MOTION of the team wrestling. Muscle and sweat
text: move with the music. A primal beauty to the images....
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM — DAY
text: SLOW MOTION continues as Tyler puts his head under the running
text: shower water... Kids whip each other with towels as Tyler gets
text: dressed at his locker...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - SUNSET
text: Tyler drives through his neighborhood, drinking another post-workout
text: drink, as the sun sets. The houses around range from large to
dialog: midsize, but nothing too extravagant...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - SUNSET
text: Tyler walks in through the back door. He’s greeted with barks
text: from three dogs that vary in size.
speaker_heading: MOM (0.C.)
dialog: I beat you home? That’s a first-
text: The CAMERA pans over to find Tyler’s mom, CATHERINE (40s) unpacking
text: her bags from work. Catherine looks very put together, dressed
text: professional, yet exhausted.
scene_heading: TYLER CATHERINE
dialog: Yeah... Today was a long one- Long, but good?
dialog: Yeah... You? I know exactly how you feel,
dialog: baby.
text: Tyler gives his mom a good hug, and then he walks through the
text: living room, past his dad’s office and through the house. Tyler
text: heads up the stairs and his dad, RONALD (40s), calls out:
speaker_heading: RONALD TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: How was school? Good.
text: Tyler keeps walking upstairs and his dad comes out of his office.
text: Ronald appears to be in incredible physical condition, yet he’s
text: wearing a large knee brace around his right knee. He’s also ina
text: button down with slacks.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop.
text: Tyler stops at the top of the stairs and turns around.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: You do realize there are more words in
dialog: the english language that you can use to
dialog: speak to your father, yes?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: School was good... But practice went long
dialog: and I have a history test tomorrow, so I
dialog: really need to start homework.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: Okay. There we go. I still need you down
dialog: here at 9.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I know.
text: Tyler heads for his room and the CAMERA pans past him to push into
text: a door that is cracked open with a cat staring at us. This is
text: Tyler's sister’s room. Tyler’s sister, EMILY, has braces and is on
text: her computer. We caught a glimpse of Emily before, practicing with
text: the drill team and Alexis, but more importantly, Emily is the girl
dialog: we saw riding the bike during the first frames of the film...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler enters his bedroom and the CAMERA leaves him to pan through his
text: room. We see wrestling trophies, family photos, a Kanye poster, etc.
text: The CAMERA continues to pan until it finds Tyler looking at his
text: incredibly fit body in the mirror with his shirt off... Tyler’s phone
text: buzzes. It’s a text from Alexis:
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (TEXT)
dialog: Pickle?
text: Tyler smiles.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - DAY
text: We see CLOSE UPS in 48 FPS of a hand moving through the wind, hair
text: blowing, sunlight hitting beautiful eyes, etc. Alexis turns to see
text: Tyler watching her. They both smile...
text: The end of the song has arrived and there is cheering on the sound
dialog: track...
dialog: 
text: ‘Father Strech My Hands Pt.1’ by Kanye West comes in.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Music builds: SLOW MOTION and CLOSE UPS of drinks being mixed...
text: Beer being poured... Weed being smoked...
dialog: The hook hits:
scene_heading: KID CUDI / KANYE WEST ( IN SONG )
dialog: Beautiful morning, you're the sun in my
dialog: morning babe...
text: Now, we can see Tyler, Alexis, and their friends on the beach. The
text: sun is shining, the water is crystal clear, and the beer is cold.
text: Tyler turns down any substances, though, because he is in season...
text: Soon, Tyler picks up Alexis and carries her to the ocean. The CAMERA
text: follows behind and goes into the water with them.
scene_heading: INT. SPEED BOAT - DAY
text: Alexis and Tyler are on a speed boat, with Alexis’s parents.
text: Alexis’s dad, BOBBY (40s), is drinking a beer while driving the
text: boat. Alexis’s mom, ELENA (late 30s), is trying to hang on to her
text: sun hat as the boat flies through wind and waves.
scene_heading: INT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - EVENING
text: Alexis and Tyler are on their phones, sprawled out on the living
text: room couch, as Elena and Bobby head out for the night:
speaker_heading: BOBBY ELENA
dialog: You sure you kids don’t want Don't forget you got a shift
dialog: a free dinner? You’re missin tomorrow-
dialog: out—
speaker_heading: ALEXIS BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I know- Don’t do anything I wouldn't!
dialog: Goodbye, dad! BYE.
text: Elena and Bobby walk out the front door. Their house is smaller
dialog: and more modest than Tyler’s parent’s place...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Moans can be heard off screen, as we see various family photos of
text: Alexis’s entire family lineage... The CAMERA pans away from one of
text: the photos to find Tyler going down on Alexis, in the middle of the
dialog: living room...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ‘Pt.2’ by Kanye West slams on as we hear yelling.... We find
text: Alexis and Tyler, all of a sudden, fighting:
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D) TYLER
text: Go run away like you always BLAH-BLAH- KEEP RUNNIN YOUR
scene_heading: do. You ASSHOLE- MOUTH AND LYIN-
scene_heading: INT. TYLER'S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler takes off in his truck, texting Alexis as he drives. Texts
dialog: blast across screen:
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (TEXT) TYLER (TEXT)
dialog: We are done! | NEVER WANNA SEE
dialog: YOU AGAIN . .
dialog: You lying birchbox
dialog: Bitch"
dialog: YOU KNOW | HATE THAT WORD
speaker_heading: | DONT CARE
text: AT LEAST | DONT RUN AWAY LIKE A
speaker_heading: PUSSY
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: WIDE SHOT as Tyler’s truck slams on the brakes and does a fast U-turn.
scene_heading: EXT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler is back and screaming at Alexis from his truck. Alexis is
text: yelling back from the front lawn:
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: SAY IT TO MY FACE!
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER (CONT'D)
text: WE ARE OVER- GET IN THE TRUCK AND SAY IT-
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
text: I’M NOT GOING ANYWHERE WITH YOU!
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Now, Alexis is in Tyler’s truck and they are still fighting while
dialog: driving:
speaker_heading: TYLER ALEXIS
dialog: Just admit you fuckin lied! I didn’t lie about anything
dialog: you selfish asshole! He liked
dialog: a picture and I followed him
dialog: Bullshit- Bullshit- back! You freak out in like
dialog: two seconds and you don’t
dialog: listen to me- I’m done!
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - LATER
text: The music cuts out and we are in a WIDE SHOT as Tyler’s green truck
text: is parked in a parking lot, rocking back and forth...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: ‘Spread’ by Outcast is playing through the speakers as Alexis and
text: Tyler are having sex in the back seat of Tyler’s truck, doggy style.
speaker_heading: TYLER ALEXIS
dialog: I love that pussy... I love your dick... I love
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck... You’re gonna make me come-
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - SUNSET
text: The beat hits as the CAMERA pans through the truck with Tyler driving,
text: nodding to the music, and Alexis riding shotgun, taking selfies.
scene_heading: EXT. KATY’S HOUSE PARTY - NIGHT
text: The CAMERA pushes past a row of parked cars to find Alexis and Tyler.
text: We follow behind as they hold hands and approach a house party...
text: Alexis and Tyler go through the front door and we see high school kids
text: playing beer pong over the dining room table... We go through the
text: kitchen to see an assortment of different kinds of liquors and beer as
text: kids are playing flip cup on the kitchen counter...
text: The CAMERA pans over to follow a girl in a swimsuit outside, to the
text: swimming pool... The girl walks onto a diving board and we follow:
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Jump! Jump!! Jump!!!
text: The girl runs and jumps into the pool with the CAMERA trailing behind.
text: Underwater, we see bodies move through pool lights...
scene_heading: INT. CAMERON'S HOUSE PARTY - LATER
text: ‘Mitsubishi Sony’ by Frank Ocean starts up. Alexis and Tyler are
text: dancing, having a blast together... A random girl tries to chug a
text: bottle of champagne and she spits it up... Different kids at the party
text: flow to music, talk, laugh, drink, play flip cup, beer pong, etc...
scene_heading: INT. DEREK'S MOM’S MINI VAN - LATER
text: Now, Alexis and Tyler are inside a mini van with Tyler’s friends.
text: Tyler's friends are a bit of a mixed bag; ranging in ethnicity and
text: interests, while all sharing the same common denominator of loving to
text: fuck around and have fun... DEREK is driving and RYAN is riding
text: shotgun while STAN and CHANG are in the back with Alexis and Tyler:
speaker_heading: DEREK RYAN
dialog: Stop! Sixteen! Sixteen fries!
scene_heading: DEREK (TO RYAN) (CONT'D) DRIVE-THROUGH VOICE
dialog: I want my food, you idiot! Did you say sixteen?
text: Derek starts laughing, just like everyone else in the car.
scene_heading: DRIVE-THROUGH VOICE (CONT'D) RYAN
dialog: «+. Sir? Listen here, lady. I’m gonna
dialog: say this one time and one
dialog: time only... I want 27
dialog: breakfest burritos and I want
dialog: 4 pankcakes, 7 fries, and 10
dialog: slices of cheese. Got it?
dialog: «+. We don’t sell slices of What kind of operation are
dialog: cheese. you running here, lady?!!
scene_heading: INT. DEREK'S MOM’S MINI VAN - LATER
text: The mini van is stopped as Tyler steals signs from a front yard
text: and throws them in the back of the van... Soon, Stan is trying to
text: take a big sign out of someone else’s yard... Suddenly, Stan drops
text: the sign and comes running back to the mini van:
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Go! Go! I saw someone-
speaker_heading: CHANG RYAN
dialog: Where?? What the fuck are you talking
dialog: about?!
text: All of a sudden, a grown man comes sprinting out of the house and
text: towards the mini van. Everyone screams and freaks out as the mini
text: van takes off and the grown man chases behind...
text: The music reaches _a crescendo as the CAMERA spins between everyone
text: in the mini van, feeling the rush and joy of the night. They sing,
text: shout, and laugh.... Tonight, they are invincible...
text: Soon, everything goes to slow motion... Tyler looks over at Alexis
text: and she looks back. In they’re look, they share their own world.
dialog: They can feel each other’s love...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: The music cuts out.
speaker_heading: KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Tyler jolts awake to knocking on his bedroom door.
speaker_heading: RONALD TYLER
dialog: Let’s go. Let’s go. Let’s-— Yeah- I’m up.
text: Tyler lays back down. Not ready for the morning...
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
text: Downstairs in 5.
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE OF TYLER'S PARENT’S HOUSE - DAWN
text: Tyler bounces around and warms up as Ronald drinks a cup of coffee...
text: Soon, Tyler takes off jogging through the neighborhood.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - LATER
text: Now, Ronald and Tyler lift weights, with their shirts off, in the
text: garage. The garage has been converted into a training room, with an
text: assortment of weights and a miniature wrestling mat. Soon, Tyler and
text: Ronald check Tyler's weight on a scale...
text: Later, Tyler and Ronald flex in the mirror. There seems to be a
text: subtle competition between them as they each hold their breath to
text: pronounce the veins in their arms, neck, and chest... Suddenly,
text: Ronald nearly faints and falls over from holding his breath for too
text: long... Tyler helps Ronald back up and they share a laugh.
speaker_heading: MINISTER (0.S.)
dialog: One of my favorite passages from First
dialog: Corinthians, the thirteenth chapter... Love
dialog: is patient. Love is kind. It doesn’t boast.
dialog: Not proud. Not rude. Not self-seeking... And
dialog: it says it keeps no records of wrong...
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Now, Tyler and his family are dressed in formal wear for church. We see
text: that Ronald volunteers as a door greeter for the church, so he hands
text: out pamphlets and makes small talk with everyone that enters. Ronald
text: seems to genuinely enjoy this and he appears to be incredibly
dialog: charming...
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: THE CAMERA pushes through a church service and zeros in on Tyler who
text: is just barely nodding off as the minister preaches...
text: Tyler's mom, Catherine, sees Tyler nodding off so she gives hima
text: nudge. Tyler looks up to see his mom with a tiny grin. Tyler returns
text: a smile and then looks over to see his dad shaking his head and his
text: sister snickering. Tyler looks forward and listens to the service:
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: --. Doesn’t it sound like then- that if
dialog: love keeps no records of wrong, then love
dialog: must be accompanied by challenges?
text: ‘What a Difference a Day Makes’ by Dinah Washington comes on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Now, the service is over. Ronald and the family talk with different
text: church members, in the lobby... Ronald talks with the minister about
text: the service, etc... Soon, Tyler gets in Catherine’s car and Emily,
text: Tyler’s sister, gets in Ronald’s....
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S MOM’S CAR - LATER THAT DAY
text: Tyler smiles as he watches his mom sing with the music coming through
text: the car’s speakers. Catherine directs her singing towards him and they
text: laugh... Soon, Tyler looks out the window to see a house, signed, with
text: all the signs Tyler and his friends stole. Tyler smiles...
text: Suddenly, Catherine slams on the brakes because of a car up ahead.
text: Tyler looks down to see his mom’s arm stretched out in front of him for
dialog: protection.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - LATER
text: Now, Tyler’s family is having post-church breakfast. Tyler is eating
text: lean. Egg whites and spinach. Ronald studies Tyler for a beat:
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: «+. Get in late last night?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: Not really?... Huh... So you’re falling
dialog: asleep in church for no reason?
speaker_heading: TYLER RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: No- I mean- Did that service bore you
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: No.
text: Ronald shakes his head.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: Remember what we talked about?
text: Tyler nods.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: ~-. Yes.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: How’s your shoulder doing, Ty? Still
dialog: sore?
speaker_heading: TYLER
text: On and off.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I’m gonna call Steve. Just get an
dialog: appointment to make sure.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: TYLER RONALD
dialog: Mom- He’s fine.
scene_heading: CATHERINE (TO RONALD) RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: You're one to talk. I got my eye on it.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: You had your eye on your knee, too. Look
dialog: where that got you.
text: Ronald just shakes his head again.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sure he’s fine, but we still have a
dialog: whole season to go and we wanna make sure
dialog: he stays in top shape... Am I right?
text: Tyler nods.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D) EMILY
dialog: And I'm sorry again that I Ummm, I can’t go either.
dialog: gotta miss this one, but dad
dialog: and Em will be there and I’11
dialog: be-
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I told you. Practice got moved.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: It’s your brother’s first-
speaker_heading: EMILY TYLER
dialog: You're such a hypocrite, It's fine. It really doesn’t
dialog: you're not even going. matter-
speaker_heading: CATHERINE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: It does matter. Emily, your Yeah, but I need to study.
dialog: practice never goes that
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: You can study after you support your
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: EMILY CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s not- You know I have a Ah. That’s what this is
text: study group. Everyone else really about. Friends at
dialog: can’t meet that late. Bethany’s.
dialog: Bethany ’s-
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D) TYLER
dialog: Ugh. This isn’t- He doesn’t It's very true, actually.
dialog: even care if I’m there!
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: That’s not the point...
dialog: (To Emily)
dialog: You should care.
text: Emily throws a miserable look Catherine’s way. Ronald breaks it up:
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: Okay, alright... There’s nothing to worry
dialog: about right here. You know why?...
dialog: Because the wise and noble father will be
dialog: there to hold it down.
text: Catherine smiles from Ronald’s charm and Tyler just shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Yeah? And who’s that? If you see him, you
dialog: can send him my way.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SUNSET
text: Tyler is jogging along a canal... Even though it’s 90 plus degrees,
text: he’s in full sweats...
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Tyler takes off his sweats. He’s drenched and wearing a garbage bag
text: underneath his clothes, so that he sweats even more. Tyler steps onto
text: a scale. He’s at 148.... Tyler looks up and stares at his reflection.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - LATER
text: Tyler sits in the kitchen and eats a can of tuna with some raw
text: spinach for dinner... He boils some water and makes a mouth piece....
text: Tyler plays a song on the piano and hums along to it... He’s actually
text: really great. Clearly, he grew up playing... Tyler finishes his song
text: and rolls his left shoulder around.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S BATHROOM —- CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler digs under the sink. He finds a heating pad and Bengay, then he
text: closes the cabinet and heads to another cabinet... Tyler digs until he
text: finds one of his dad’s prescription bottles. Tyler reads the bottle
text: and it says: PERCOCET. He opens the bottle and looks inside. Tyler's
text: dad calls out from the distance:
speaker_heading: RONALD (0.S.)
dialog: Ty? You take out the trash?!
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: We are in a CLOSE UP on a focused Coach Wise, mid speech:
speaker_heading: COACH WISE
dialog: .-+. And let me tell ya something about tonight-
dialog: Tonight is about who can take more pain. Okay?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: COACH WISE (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s it... Who will give in to it and give up, or
dialog: who will fight back and beat it! Aite? Pain is
dialog: temporary. It can last six minutes, six weeks, six
dialog: years, but quittin- Quittin is forever...
text: We leave Coach Wise and we go to a series of CLOSE UPS of the
dialog: wrestlers on the team:
speaker_heading: COACH WISE (CONT'D)
dialog: You boys are winners in school, winners in life,
dialog: fixin to be winners on the mat... Champions...
dialog: Aite?... For you younger guys, your shot to prove
dialog: yourself starts right now. For you seniors, this
dialog: is it. Last season of your high school career
dialog: begins with tonight...
text: We go to a close up of Tyler avidly listening:
speaker_heading: COACH WISE (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. Now, I dare you to take a little bit of pain
dialog: tonight- I dare you to take that pain and fight
dialog: back! FIGHT IT- I DARE YOU! Beat that pain and
dialog: you’re gonna find POWER- I GUARANTEE IT... Aite?
dialog: Okay... Now, let’s get out there and wrestle!
text: Now, we are in a WIDE SHOT of the locker room as the team stands and
text: gets pumped. Tyler puts in his ear buds and hits play on his phone.
text: ‘FREEEE’ by Kids See Ghosts fills the speakers as the team files
dialog: out...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: The beat hits: We follow behind Tyler and the team as they head down a
dialog: hallway...
scene_heading: INT. GYM - CONTINUOUS
text: We make our way into the gym to find a large wrestling mat taking over
text: the floor and the bleachers filled with a cheering crowd...
text: The team jogs in a big circle to warm up. The CAMERA spins in a 360
text: from inside the circle, following Tyler... Soon, the team breaks up
text: into partners to warm up. The CAMERA switches to spin around Tyler in
text: a 360. Tyler gets his teammate down with a fireman’s take down.
text: Now, Tyler is sitting on the bench as lighter weight classes wrestle.
text: Tyler looks into the bleachers... Ronald is standing at the bottom of
text: the bleachers, closer to the mat, talking and laughing with other
text: parents. Tyler sees Alexis sitting at the top of the bleachers,
text: cheering. He doesn’t acknowledge her because he’s in his zone...
text: Tyler warms up on a smaller mat, behind his teammates. Tyler scans the
text: opposing team, trying to look for his opponent.
dialog: 15.
text: A BUZZER rings.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Tyler takes off his clothes, so that he is only wearing his singlet.
text: When he takes out his headphones, the music cuts out.
text: Tyler walks up to the main booth to give his name and weight class.
text: Tyler's opponent does the same and then they meet in the middle of
text: the mat, with the ref, and take the neutral position. Adrenaline and
dialog: anticipation build...
text: The ref blows his WHISTLE and the match begins. Tyler and his
text: opponent begin intensely grappling and shifting their bodies with
text: their hands on each other’s necks. It’s aggressive and primal...
speaker_heading: BOOM
text: Tyler does a fast fireman’s carry and slams his opponent to the
text: ground. The crowd cheers. Tyler keeps him on his back and crawls up to
text: where he gets his opponent in a half nelson...
text: Tyler is already going for the pin when Tyler’s face begins to grimace
text: from pain... Tyler can’t quite get both of his opponent's shoulders on
text: the mat, but he continues to push...
speaker_heading: BAM
text: The ref hits the mat. Tyler has won. The ref raises Tyler’s hand and
text: the crowd cheers... Tyler immediately goes back to where he was
text: warming up and he looks frustrated as he rolls his shoulder around.
text: Ronald watches from the bleachers...
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Tyler and Ronald are back in the garage, this time on the miniature
text: wrestling mat. Ronald has Tyler on the ground, wrapped up in a similar
text: grip that Tyler had his opponent in, except Ronald is showing Tyler a
text: better grip. By the look on Tyler’s face, it seems painful.
speaker_heading: RONALD TYLER
dialog: See? See? You feel the Yes...
dialog: difference?
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m telling you- You'd a had him 20
dialog: seconds earlier if you did it like I
dialog: taught you.
text: Soon, Ronald is stretching and rolling Tyler’s shoulder to help
dialog: loosen it up...
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay... That’s what I’m talkin bout. Let
dialog: me get a good look at you... Feel good?
text: Tyler nods. ‘Lvl’ by A$AP Rocky hits on.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Tyler sits in the hallway of a doctor’s office. His ear buds are in as
text: he watches a wrestling match on his phone... Tyler goes inside a very
text: loud MRI machine, etc...
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY
text: Tyler does crunches in the bathroom with full sweats on. The shower is
text: on and it’s turning the bathroom into a steam room.
scene_heading: EXT. CONSTRUCTION SITE - DAY
text: Tyler watches as Ronald manages employees on the construction site.
text: Ronald seems valued and respected... Soon, Tyler and Ronald walk
text: together, alone, along the site.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: --. You gotta keep your eye on everything and
dialog: everyone. It’s not just the site- Design team,
dialog: architect, subcontractors, you name it. Gotta
dialog: be the problem solver and you gotta do it
dialog: yoursel Ain’t no one else gonna be there to
dialog: Save you... But it all starts with that piece
text: of dirt and then it turns into something
dialog: magnificent. Something that’s gonna contribute
dialog: to this community. It’s a beautiful thing...
dialog: You need to take pride in what you do, son.
dialog: Don’t ever forget that...
text: Tyler and Ronald continue walking through the site...
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - SUNSET
text: Tyler is running down the beach, sweating his ass off...
text: Soon, Tyler slows down... Tyler takes off all his clothes, except some
text: shorts. When he takes out his ear buds, the music cuts out. Tyler
text: walks into the ocean and gets in... It iS peaceful out here. Tyler
text: looks up at the beautiful’ sunset and some seagulls fly by...
scene_heading: INT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: CLOSE UP of video with a baby elephant chasing birds. The elephant
text: continues chasing the birds and having fun until he trips over
text: himself and falls to the ground, face first. The elephant gets up and
text: scurries over to his mom, just jike a human child would...
speaker_heading: TYLER/ALEXIS
dialog: Awwwwwwww
text: Alexis and Tyler are watching the video from Alexis’s cell:
speaker_heading: TYLER ALEXIS
text: Oh my god. Adorable. I’ve Still- Isn’t he the cutest???
dialog: seen that one, though- I love elephants...
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: What about goats??
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: I love goats, too- Well, which do you like more?
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Hmmm... I can’t pick. I love them both.
speaker_heading: TYLER ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Different- Shut up.
text: Tyler watches another video of an elephant dancing while Alexis heads
text: to the kitchen where her parents are bickering while cooking.
text: Alexis’s parent’s restaurant is a modest Italian spot.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Now it’s Alexis, Elena, Tyler, and Bobby are seated around one of
text: the dinner table, eating:
speaker_heading: BOBBY ELENA
dialog: It’s too much salt. I told It’s not too much!
dialog: you-
speaker_heading: ALEXIS BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I think it’s delicious. Who makes it better? Me or
dialog: your mother?
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: No comment.
speaker_heading: BOBBY ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: No comment? That’s a trap.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s no trap. It’s an easy answer. Too
dialog: bad T doesn’t eat real food or maybe we'd
dialog: get an honest opinion around here.
speaker_heading: TYLER BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: As soon as season’s over, Sir- How’s the shrimp and spinach
dialog: combo treatin ya there, T?
text: Tyler is the only one without a heavier Italian dish. He is eating
text: grilled shrimp and spinach, without any kind of sauce. Simple and lean.
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s delicious. Your daughter’s an
dialog: amazing cook.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: BOBBY ELENA
dialog: Yeah? Where do you think she Her mother.
dialog: got it from-
dialog: Lies! I taught you everything Oh please- We both know you
dialog: you know- couldn’t cook anything before
dialog: me.
dialog: Baby- Just stick to your Oh, shut up!
dialog: iguanas.
text: Tyler laughs and looks confused. Tommy goes back to walking through
text: and cleaning up the restaurant.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (TO TYLER)
dialog: We call mom the iguana killer.
speaker_heading: BOBBY ELENA
dialog: She sits out there with her They’re an invasive species!
dialog: ellet gun- Just committin
dialog: iguana genocide on a daily-
dialog: No, no- You're blood thirsty! Shut up! They’re destroying
dialog: the ecosystem-
speaker_heading: ; BOBBY (CONT'D) ;
dialog: Forget it... T, you know spaghetti has
dialog: always been Alexis’s favorite?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You should've seen her the first time she had it.
dialog: We got video of it somewhere. I gotta find it. She
text: ate it with her hands and it was everywhere.
text: Chunks of meat and red sauce all over her face,
dialog: like an animal-
speaker_heading: ALEXIS BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shut up, dad- It was beautiful! I'm telling
dialog: you! Most beautiful thing I
dialog: ever seen!
scene_heading: INT. SUIT STORE - LATER
text: Tyler and his friends try on suits in front of a big mirror. Chang
text: helps Tyler with his tie as Tyler studies his reflection... He
text: looks great in his suit.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - EVENING
text: Tyler and Ronald are lifting weights again. They are doing
text: supersets and Tyler is on his second set of barbell curls. Ronald
text: is spotting and Tyler is struggling with the weight... Tyler gives
text: up and drops the barbell at 7 reps. Not giving it 100%.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: No. Pick it back up and get ten.
text: Tyler just breathes heavy and looks back at his father.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on- Let’s go!
text: Tyler picks the weight back up and does three more reps then drops
text: the barbell. Again, not giving it 100%.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
text: No. From the top. Ten reps.
speaker_heading: TYLER RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: I did ten- No. You did seven and gave
dialog: up. I want a full set of ten.
text: Tyler just shakes his head and walks around. He’s in a funk, but
text: Ronald is not connecting it to Tyler’s shoulder, because they are
text: doing bicep curls.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s the deal, Ty? What’s going on?
speaker_heading: TYLER
text: Tyler picks up the weight and pushes to do 10 full reps in a set.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: That’s what I’m talkin bout. Good set,
dialog: son... Aite. Finish strong. Plates.
text: Tyler and Ronald pick up 45 pound plates and begin doing a full body
text: plate work out... It looks exhausting...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Tyler sits at his desk and tries to do homework. He has an icepack on
text: his shoulder and it’s hard for him to focus with the pain. Tyler opens
text: up his desk drawer and pulls out an Altoids can. Inside it are a bunch
text: of the painkillers he found in his parent’s bathroom. He takes one...
text: Tyler's phone vibrates:
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (TEXT) TYLER (TEXT)
dialog: I’m getting worried... Why? Wh >
dialog: y? at up?
dialog: I’m late.....
dialog: For what??
dialog: My period
dialog: What?
dialog: Idk it’s like a week late
dialog: I’m sure it’s fine
dialog: Idk sometimes it’s off but never a
dialog: week Babe | think your just freaking out. I’m
dialog: sure it’s all good
text: All of a sudden, we can hear the sound of a door creaking open. Tyler
text: turns around to see his bedroom door slowly opening, but no one is
text: there... Tyler stands and looks over his bed. Emily’s cat has pushed
text: open the door and is just standing there, staring at Tyler.
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Emily?!
text: The cat just shakes. It seems to have some kind of disability where
text: his hind legs continually bounce.
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D) EMILY
dialog: EMILY?! WHAT?!
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
text: YOUR UGLY CAT IS IN MY ROOM!
text: The cat walks towards Tyler and Tyler hisses at it. The cat stops.
text: Emily finally comes in and picks up her cat:
speaker_heading: EMILY TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Jerk! I don’t want that beast in
dialog: my room—
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: The only beast in here is you.
text: Emily leaves and Tyler shuts the door behind her. Headlights shine
text: through Tyler’s window and he turns around..
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: The music cuts out as Tyler hugs his mom, and then he takes a seat on
text: the kitchen counter. Catherine unpacks her bags from work:
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: How was your day?
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Fine... Could’a been better... Got a suit
dialog: fitted.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh yeah? For the Bearcat Yeah.
dialog: Ball?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fun... Do you know what group your sister
dialog: is going with?
speaker_heading: TYLER CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: No idea. Better not be with Oh, come on. It’s not like
dialog: mine- it’s prom.
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Whatever.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Is Alexis excited?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Yeah, I guess. She’s had her dress
dialog: forever... How was your day?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Good... Long... Exhausting. Also, I’m
dialog: gonna have more notes for you to do. That
text: divorce is happening.
text: Tyler's dad finally walks into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: RONALD CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: I keep telling her if she I don’t want to work Fridays.
dialog: would spread her schedule out I need my weekends.
dialog: and work Fridays, she
dialog: wouldn't be so exhausted-
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Kiss?
text: Catherine stops unpacking her bags for a second and kisses Ronald.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s my girl.
text: Ronald gives Catherine a hug and Tyler watches... There is still love
text: in Tyler's parent’s relationship, but the chemistry is a little off.
text: It’s clear that Catherine isn’t as into showing affection with
dialog: Ronald, as he is with her. We can feel more going on with their
dialog: marriage, below the surface...
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: «+. Good day?
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: Yeah... Not bad.
text: Ronald looks over at Tyler.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: You get all your homework done?
speaker_heading: TYLER RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Not yet- Well, what are you waiting
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m saying hi to mom- It’s a two second
dialog: break.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: Uh huh.
text: Catherine seems slightly annoyed by Ronald’s persistence.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: How’s your knee?
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: You know... The usual.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Can you start the bath?
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: You got it.
text: Ronald heads for their bathroom, then calls out:
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey. Did you take some of my pain pills?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: No... Why? It’s all good.
text: Ronald leaves and Catherine goes back to unpacking her bags...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR STEVE (0.S.)
dialog: SLAP stands for Superior Labrum Anterior
dialog: and Posterior...
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
text: SLOW ZOOM OUT as Doctor Steve is shuffling through Tyler’s MRI report:
speaker_heading: DOCTOR STEVE
dialog: --. This top area here is also where the biceps
dialog: tendon attaches to the labrum. That’s why you are
dialog: also feeling pain running up your arm.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, in your case, if you don’t remember a
dialog: specific event, then you could have aggravated
dialog: your shoulder and then over time, with repetition,
dialog: made it worse and worse. Since it’s the labrum,
dialog: it’s not just overhead activities. Any strenuous
text: activity on the biceps tendon can enhance it, as
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Yes, sir... But what does all of this mean?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR STEVE
dialog: Well, you’ve done extreme damage. You have a
dialog: level 5 out of 5 SLAP tear. I’ve actually never
dialog: seen this level tear, in person.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I mean- It’s not that bad. I can easily push
dialog: through it.
text: The CAMERA lands in a tight profile on Tyler.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR STEVE TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m afraid you need surgery But- I’m in season right now.
dialog: or you’re running the risk of
dialog: permanent, irreversible,
dialog: damage-
speaker_heading: DOCTOR STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I understand. But Tyler, this is very serious. I
dialog: highly recommend you stop all physical activity,
dialog: immediately, and we get you surgery as soon as
dialog: possible.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Well, what if we did it at the end of season and
dialog: I recover over summer? I could be good for next
dialog: year- College.
text: The CAMERA slowly rotates around Tyler’s face and ZOOMS IN.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR STEVE
dialog: I don’t believe you can make it another match, let
dialog: alone the entire season... Then, to be honest,
dialog: recovery would last much longer than just the
dialog: summer... You will likely never fully recover to
dialog: the way you were, but the sooner we address this,
dialog: the better... You’re young and you should heal
dialog: very well. It’s just going to take time...
text: The CAMERA sits on Tyler. He looks like he can’t fully process what
dialog: he’s hearing...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR STEVE (CONT'D) TYLER
dialog: «+. I can call your mom if No- You don’t have to do
dialog: you- that. I’1l1 talk to her... I
dialog: wanna tell my parents myself.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I understand... I’m very sorry, Tyler. I
dialog: know this wasn’t what you wanted to
dialog: hear...
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S HALLWAYS - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE UP of Tyler’s face as he enters a elevator and the doors close.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: ZOOM IN as Tyler sits in his parked truck, contemplating everything...
scene_heading: INT. SPEEDY’S - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler waits in line at a hole-in-the-wall liquor store. A few men with
text: dreads are sitting behind the cash register. They look Tyler over.
text: He’s clearly out of his element here...
text: It’s Tyler’s turn, and he hands a pint of vodka to the cash register
text: attendant that goes by WALLY.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: What up brotha? Ain’t seen you in a fat
dialog: minute-
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - LATER
text: ZOOM IN as Tyler opens the pint of Vodka... Tyler pours the Vodka
text: into his water bottle... Tyler takes a sip...
text: ZOOM OUT as Tyler drives... He’s beginning to get that glazed tipsy
text: look in his eyes... He checks his phone:
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (SERIES OF TEXTS)
dialog: Where are you?
dialog: Helloo00?????
text: Tyler drives through the parking lot of a fast food chain. Tyler sees
text: a black man in hand cuffs talking to a bunch of police... The man
text: doesn’t look that much older than Tyler...
text: * NOTE * now using anamorphic lenses in 1.85:1
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S ROOM - LATER
text: We are focused on Tyler’s back as we hear him beginning to masturbate
text: to the porn on his computer... The CAMERA pans away...
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - LATER
text: The CAMERA pans away from running water... We continue to pan until
text: we see Tyler in the bath tub.
dialog: 25.
text: He looks drunk as he eats a cheeseburger and tears fall from his
text: eyes... Soon, he’s beginning to nod off... The music fades out...
text: FADE TO BLACK...
dialog: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
text: Tyler snaps awake to the bathtub over flowing.
speaker_heading: EMILY (0.S.)
text: THERE'S WATER COMING UNDER MY DOOR!
speaker_heading: TYLER EMILY (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I got it- DO YOU KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS?!
text: * NOTE * now in 2.40:1 aspect ratio with spherical lenses. Until now,
dialog: the film has been in 1.85:1
scene_heading: EXT. TRACK - DAY
text: Tyler is running around the school with teammates... All of a sudden,
text: Tyler stops and begins throwing up... He looks up to see Coach
text: watching him.
scene_heading: INT. WRESTLING GYM - DAY
text: Tyler and teammates are wrestling. Tyler is paired up with a WRESTLER
text: (17) who has braces. They are grappling until the wrestler pulls on
text: Tyler's arm in the wrong way, creating pain in Tyler’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: BOOM
text: Tyler sweeps the wrestler’s leg and throws him to the ground. Tyler
text: stays on top as he takes his arm and rubs it all over the wrestler’s
text: face, really forcefully... By doing this, Tyler is forcing the inside
text: of the kid’s mouth to clash against his braces...
text: Eventually, Tyler gets up. The other wrestler rolls over and coughs up
text: blood... Tyler can’t help but feel bad...
scene_heading: INT. RONALD'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Catherine’s voice echoes through the house as it plays from Ronald's
dialog: computer speakers:
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (0.S.)
text: .-. He’s feeling- just so hurt and confused.
dialog: He broke down in tears today and Linda
dialog: continues to refuse any type of
dialog: communication... Continue treatment as needed.
text: Tyler is transcribing audio notes Catherine has made about her
dialog: patients. From the notes, we can infer that Catherine is a
text: therapist... In the distance, Tyler can hear his dad fart and talk to
text: himself. Tyler shakes his head and smiles... Ronald enters the room
text: and hovers over Tyler, checking his work.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: How’s it coming?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: How many more you got?
speaker_heading: TYLER RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Half way there- What’s this format? Why’s the
dialog: date over there?
dialog: That’s how mom wants it- Can I don’t pay you to do your
dialog: you just let me do my thing- thing. I pay you to do my
dialog: thing.
dialog: Technically mom is paying- There you go again.
text: Ronald sits down, across from Tyler. Catherine’s voice is still
text: playing through the speakers.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: What's this attitude about?
speaker_heading: TYLER RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you mean- You know exactly what I mean.
text: Tyler shrugs.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop. Turn it off and look at me.
text: Tyler stops transcribing and turns to face his father.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Look around you for a second. Who do you think
dialog: keeps all this running? Your mother might be
dialog: great with the patients, but she knows nothing
dialog: about the business. If I quit my job and
dialog: stopped running your mother’s business, you
dialog: think you’d even have a place to lay that big
dialog: head?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: «+. No.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: So... What's up?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: +. I have a lot going on right now.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: Boy- You don’t think me and your mom don’t have
dialog: a lot going on?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait until you’re on your own in the world, with
dialog: real responsibilities. You have to be able to
dialog: balance it. We talked about this- If it’s too
dialog: much, then you can forget about seeing friends
dialog: anymore or that little girl you run around with-
text: Tyler shakes his head.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t shake your head at me- chump. This is my
dialog: house. You don’t like how I run things, you can
dialog: get out... I told you that you didn’t have to
dialog: work for me or train with me. You asked for
dialog: that. That was your choice. I didn’t make you
dialog: choose wrestling- But if you’re gonna do
dialog: something, you’re gonna do it right. And I'll
dialog: ride your ass everyday till you are delivered
dialog: into your excellence- if that’s what it takes.
dialog: You don’t like it- quit. Find a job like
dialog: everyone else or train on your own, but you’re
dialog: not gonna sit around here and do mediocre work
dialog: because you cannot afford to...
text: Ronald reads Tyler for a beat and decides to change his tone:
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: .-. Look... Everything I do is for y’all...
dialog: Everything... I only want the best for you,
dialog: son... I’m trying to give you the tools to
dialog: succeed in this world. It’s not easy out there.
dialog: Trust me. I've said it before and I'll say it
dialog: again- the world does not give a shit about you
dialog: and me. We’re not afforded the luxury of being
dialog: average. Gotta be 10 times better just to get
dialog: anywhere... I don’t push you because I want to.
dialog: I push you because I have to. You hear what I’m
dialog: saying?
text: Tyler nods and seems to genuinely take in his father’s words, even
text: if he’s heard them a million times before.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: -.. Yeah?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Yeah... I hear you.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: Good... Good... Man, I look at y’all and all the
dialog: opportunities you have that I didn’t, wishing
dialog: Nana and Three Papa did for us. Don’t even know
dialog: how good you have it...
text: Ronald stands and leaves... Tyler just sits and thinks about his
dialog: father’s words...
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT. HIGHSCHOOL GYM - LATER
text: Tyler is at a new wrestling match, warming up, as lighter weight
text: classes wrestle... Tyler looks into the stands, and sees his dad in
text: the front, talking it up with all the parents... Soon, Catherine
dialog: arrives...
text: Tyler steps up to the mat... Tyler’s opponent arrives, and he looks
text: tougher than the last kid. Tyler shakes hands with his opponent, and
dialog: they take the neutral position...
text: The ref blows his WHISTLE. Tyler and his opponent circle each other
text: until they latch onto each other’s necks with a firm grip... Tyler
text: throws his opponent’s head around, taking out his aggression until:
speaker_heading: BOOM
text: Tyler does a fast fireman’s carry and slams his opponent to the
text: ground. Tyler keeps him wrapped up after the takedown, and he’s
text: already trying to pin him. This is pulling on Tyler’s shoulder like
text: crazy as the pain goes from intense to excruciating... It’s too much
text: to take. Tyler lets go and his opponent gets loose. Tyler stands and
text: returns to the neutral position.
speaker_heading: BOOM
text: Tyler's opponent gets Tyler in a single leg takedown and takes Tyler
text: to the ground. ‘Je vous hais petites filles’ by M83 begins to seep in.
text: Tyler scrambles, but his opponent rides him. Both of Tyler’s shoulders
text: are stretched overhead for support. The pain flows as Tyler continues
text: to try and get loose... The ref’s WHISTLE blows - the period ends.
text: Pain is shooting up Tyler’s entire arm as he goes down to take the
text: defensive starting position... Ronald and Catherine yell from the
text: stands... Tyler’s opponent gets on top...
text: The ref’s WHISTLE blows and period two begins. Tyler stands to get
text: free, but his opponent slams him back to the ground... This continues
text: for a good minute... Finally, Tyler is able to stand and get loose.
speaker_heading: BOOM
text: Tyler is slammed to the ground with a double leg take down. When they
text: hit the ground, Tyler’s shoulder is stretched out and over his head.
text: On impact, the pain is so unbearable that Tyler can barely move.
text: Everything goes to SLOW MOTION as Tyler’s opponent wraps him up and
text: goes for the pin.... Tyler tries to fight back... Tyler looks up and
text: sees Coach Wise and the team yelling from the bench... His parents
text: yelling from the bleachers...
speaker_heading: BAM
text: The ref hits the mat. Tyler has lost. Tyler’s opponent gets up to
text: claim victory. Tyler tries to get up, but he can’t. He lays down,
text: unable to move his shoulder... The pain is unbearable...
dialog: 29.
text: Coach Wise and a medic run over to help. Catherine looks terrified and
text: Ronald seems shocked as they hurry over.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - LATER
text: SLOW MOTION as the medic is finishing wrapping up Tyler’s shoulder.
text: Tyler's face is still red and puffy from crying. Tyler is sitting
text: with his mom. She has her arm around him, and she’s rubbing her
text: hands through his hair, like she did when Tyler was a child...
text: Ronald is just walking around, looking incredibly frustrated.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S BATHROOM - LATER
text: Tyler takes pain killers and looks at his reflection in the mirror.
text: There is a big ice pack wrapped around his shoulder and he is ina
dialog: sling...
text: Finally, sound is coming back and the music is fading out. Tyler
text: listens and he can hear arguing in the distance... Tyler leaves his
text: room and walks to the top of the stairs to listen:
speaker_heading: RONALD (0.S.)
dialog: I can’t believe he didn’t tell us! I
dialog: don’t know what the hell he was thinking.
scene_heading: CATHERINE (0.S.) RONALD (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Steve said he didn’t call, He lied right to my face!
dialog: because Tyler wanted to tell He’s been lying this whole
dialog: us personally- time! It’s his attitude! I’m
dialog: telling you- The boy doesn’t
dialog: Watch your voice! listen-
text: Frustration and isolation build in Tyler as he listens...
speaker_heading: RONALD (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: So much for a scholarship- He’s done-
text: Destroyed his shoulder and he did it to
dialog: himself through sheer stupidity!
text: Tyler's phone vibrates and he picks it up... Alexis is calling...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - SUNSET
text: ‘Rushes’ by Frank Ocean hits in.
text: Tyler and Alexis sit on an empty beach. Tyler’s phone plays the music
text: as they both share a water bottle and seem buzzed:
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER
dialog: I just wish you would’ve told I know... I’m sorry...
dialog: me-
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Why didn’t you?
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I don’t know... Guess I thought if I
dialog: didn’t talk about it, it wasn’t true...
dialog: Thought I could beat it...
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: I understand... I still wish you would've
dialog: told me.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I know. I’m sorry, babe.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: .-. I feel like we haven’t been together
dialog: for so long.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Yeah... I missed you.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: I missed you, too.
text: Alexis runs her fingers through Tyler’s hand...
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Your callouses are getting better, at
dialog: least...
speaker_heading: TYLER ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s cause I haven’t been Oh... I’m sorry...
dialog: liftin-
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s all good.
text: Alexis looks up at Tyler, and they just stare at each other for a
text: moment... Tyler runs his hand through her hair and she smiles...
text: Tyler leans in and they kiss... Soon, Tyler leads it to making
text: out... Alexis stops kissing and puts her head down.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: «+. I’m not really in the mood right now.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Why? It’s been forever... We can go over
dialog: to Mean Green... What’s going on?
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... I know you’re under a lot What? About what? What’s
dialog: of pressure right now, but going on?? Are you okay?
dialog: I’m really getting scared-
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: .--I still haven’t gotten my period.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What?
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: I don’t know. It’s never been this late
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Well... how late is it?
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Like... two weeks or a little Shit...
dialog: more. I’m not sure-
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m just- I’ve had no one to talk to and
dialog: I’m getting really, really scared...
text: Alexis hangs her head down... Tyler thinks for a moment and then he
text: puts his working arm around Alexis.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Hey, don’t be scared... And you can always
dialog: talk to me. Okay? I’m here... We will figure
dialog: this out. We are in this together... I
dialog: promise... Will you just look at me?
text: Alexis looks up and she has a few tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t cry! Everything is gonna be okay...
dialog: I promise... It’s okay...
text: Tyler kisses Alexis’s head and she nods. Alexis falls back into Tyler
text: and he holds her tight... Tyler’s eyes well up a bit. He doesn’t like
text: seeing Alexis cry... ‘Rushes’ rises and takes over...
text: Tyler and Alexis swim in the ocean together... They hold each other
dialog: and kiss...
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: I love you...
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: I love you too...
text: The CAMERA goes underwater and into darkness...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - FEW DAYS LATER
text: Tyler and Alexis drive in silence. Tyler puts his hand on Alexis’s for
text: support. Alexis just stares straight ahead. She looks numb, overcome
text: with dread... Tyler and Alexis drive past three older white women
text: standing in front of a small building, with signs protesting abortion.
text: The signs are filled with awful pictures of dead fetuses.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER
dialog: Those assholes- It’s okay- Just don’t look at
dialog: em.
text: Tyler pulls into the small parking lot and past a security guard.
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D) ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Should I just drop you off Drop me off?!
dialog: and find park-
dialog: I don’t know- I can find There's parking right here!
dialog: parking- Just park here!
dialog: Fuck- okay...
text: Tyler parks in front of the building, not far from the protestors.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE OF ABORTION CLINIC - CONTINUOUS
text: Alexis and Tyler make their way to the front door as the protestors
dialog: heckle them:
speaker_heading: PROTESTORS
dialog: You murder your baby, you go to hell!
dialog: Don’t be a murderer! Abortion is sin!
scene_heading: INT. ABORTION CLINIC - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler and Alexis walk into a full waiting room.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Get us seats.
text: Alexis heads to the front desk, and Tyler finds two seats. He looks
text: incredibly nervous, and he’s tapping his leg up and down... Soon,
text: Alexis comes over with a bunch of paper work:
speaker_heading: TYLER ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: What’d they say? I gotta fill all this out...
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay... How long’s the wait?
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: I don’t know...
text: Alexis fills out the paper work... Tyler looks around the room. The
dialog: people around him totally vary in race and economic class... There is
text: a young woman alone and nervous... There is a girl, who’s probably in
text: middle school, sitting with her mom... There is an older couple that
text: look a bit more at ease... All of a sudden, there is screaming
text: outside. Tyler and Alexis turn around to see a family enter:
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: HYSTERICAL DAUGHTER MOM
dialog: I‘1l fuckin kill em! I‘11 Stop it! Settle down and shut
dialog: kill em- up!
text: The girl starts sobbing and her dad holds her.... Alexis and Tyler
text: turn to look at each other.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You okay?
text: Alexis shakes her head and then returns to her paperwork. Tyler puts
text: his hand on her shoulder... Tyler looks up at a clock on the wall.
text: SLOW ZOOM into the clock. It’s 4. On a normal day, he’d be at
dialog: wrestling practice right now...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Now, Tyler is sitting alone. Alexis must be with the doctors. The
text: security guard from the front is addressing the waiting room:
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Please... These people out here are crazy, man.
dialog: These ladies carry guns on ‘em. I seen it... I
dialog: seen ‘em convince a girl not to go through with
dialog: her procedure because they promised to adopt her
dialog: baby and you know what? They didn’t. Didn’t help
dialog: her at all and she was stuck... They say things to
dialog: get in your head, man. They say the worst things
dialog: to me- I gotta take it every day, but listen- I’m
dialog: hear for y'all... I just ask that you’re here for
dialog: me, too, so please don’t go after these crazy
dialog: ladies out here- Please... Thank y'all...
text: Everyone in the room agrees and thanks the security guard as he heads
text: back outside... Soon, a door opens and Alexis is back with a band-aid
text: on one of her fingers. She sits down next to Tyler:
speaker_heading: TYLER ALEXIS
dialog: Are you- Can we please go??
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Uhh okay...
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Did you do it?
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Can we please leave?! Okay... Okay...
scene_heading: EXT. ABORTION CLINIC - CONTINUOUS
text: Alexis and Tyler walk outside and head to their car as the
text: protestors return to heckling...
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Please leave these people alone, man-
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: PROTESTORS
dialog: You're going to hell for what you've
dialog: done, murderer-— N****r!
text: Tyler almost snaps and goes after the protestors, but Alexis stops
text: him... Tyler and Alexis get to the truck.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler and Alexis drive out of the parking lot. As they leave, Tyler
text: flicks off the protestors... Alexis is just sitting in the
text: passenger's seat, crying:
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: It’s okay, babe... It’s okay... What happened?
text: Alexis continues to cry and she shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: I couldn’t do it- What?!
dialog: I couldn't do it... Fuckin hell... Babe, I don’t
dialog: wanna go back there! Why
dialog: didn’t you just do it and get
dialog: it over with?!
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know... I thought I
dialog: could, but I don’t know- I
dialog: don’t know- I’m just confused-
dialog: We need to talk about it
dialog: again-
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay- But- We talked about it-
dialog: We made a decision! What more
dialog: is there to talk about?!
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you yelling at me?!
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I’m not!
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: You're yelling-
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: No, I'm not?!
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, you are!
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Okay... I’m sorry.
dialog: money back?
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: YES, I got your money!
dialog: That’s all you care about-—
dialog: You don't know how hard this
dialog: is... It’s my body-
dialog: -. Did you get the
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry- I’m sorry...
dialog: I know, I know...
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t... I don’t know if I can do an
dialog: abortion.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What are you talking about?!!
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER (CONT'D)
scene_heading: STOP YELLING-— I'M NOT-
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: This isn’t your body! It’s mine!
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: It doesn’t matter- Are you being serious
dialog: right now?!
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes- I can’t believe I’m having
dialog: this conversation-
dialog: My mom had an abortion and
dialog: she said she regretted it the I don’t give a shit! This
dialog: rest of her life- isn’t about your fuckin mom!
dialog: We are seniors in highschool!
dialog: We're going to college next
dialog: year! This would ruin all of
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay- That’s your point of view! Thank
dialog: you for not caring about mine!
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Why would I care about an insane person's
dialog: point of view-
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop the car- No!
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll fucking Uber home or something- You
dialog: know, you can be so sweet sometimes, and
dialog: other times you can be the biggest
dialog: asshole.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I’m not being an asshole. I’m being
dialog: realistic. You’re just too stupid to know
dialog: the difference.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop the car! No-
text: STOP THE FUCKING CAR!! FINE.
dialog: 36.
text: Tyler pulls over, and Alexis gets out and begins walking. Tyler just
text: sits and watches Alexis wipe away tears as she walks away... He knows
text: he went too far... Tyler pulls up and rolls down the window:
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Please... Just get back in the car... Okay?...
dialog: I‘m- Just get in and I‘’1ll take you home.
text: Alexis ignores him...
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D) ALEXIS
dialog: Alexis- Please- I need to be alone-
scene_heading: Lex- JUST LEAVE, TYLER!
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Fine! Fuck it.
text: Tyler takes off and leaves Alexis in his rear view...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Tyler takes off his sling and puts on his old wrestling singlet.
text: Tyler picks up two dumbbells and curls the weight up... Tyler tries to
text: go up to a shoulder press and he drops the weight in pain.
text: Tyler sits down and taps his leg. A pain hits his chest and it’s hard
text: to breathe. Tyler gets out his Altoids can and takes a few painkillers.
text: Tyler gets on his phone and scrolls through photos of him and Alexis
text: together... There’s one of the two of them in rodeo outfits. He looks
text: at Alexis’s smile. A wave of regret hits... Tyler texts Alexis:
speaker_heading: TYLER (TEXT)
dialog: Can we talk?
text: Tyler waits... He rubs his chest in pain. Tyler digs through his
text: drawer and finds an old prescription bottle. Tyler takes a pill. For
dialog: people that know pills, they will recognize this as LEXAPRO. Tyler
text: pours the rest of the pills into his Altoids can.
speaker_heading: TYLER (TEXT) (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you still not talking to me???
dialog: Did you get back okay????
text: Tyler waits... Still no response... Tyler texts:
speaker_heading: TYLER (TEXT) (CONT'D) CHANG (TEXT)
dialog: What you boys gettin into?
dialog: Yeet
scene_heading: SLIDE IN WE GETTIN LIVE
text: Tyler smiles. ‘Backseat Freestyle’ by Kendrick Lamar comes on. Tyler
text: stands and takes off his wrestling singlet...
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The beat hits and we are on the beach with Tyler at a bonfire party.
text: Everyone is illuminated, in the dark of the night, by the glow of the
text: fire. Tyler looks like he’s buzzing hard while he’s rapping:
speaker_heading: TYLER
text: +. Martin had a dream! KENDRICK HAVE A DREAM...
dialog: All my life I want money and power. Respect my mind
dialog: or die from lead shower. I pray my DICK get big as
dialog: the Eiffel Tower, so I can fuck the world for
scene_heading: SEVENTY-TWO HOURS...
text: Tyler continues to rap with the lyrics...
dialog: 
text: Boys tackle each other on the beach as kids party around the fire...
text: We see CLOSE UPS of Tyler doing shots, drinking beer, etc...
dialog: * NOTE * Anytime substances are involved, we are back to anamorphic
dialog: lenses
text: On the second verse, ‘Backseat Freestyle’ starts slowing down...
text: ... EXTREME SLOW MOTION as we follow a smoke trail...
text: .+.. The smoke trail leads to a joint....
dialog: wees The joint is passed to Tyler.....
dialog: eee eee Tyler takes a big hit.......
text: eee ee eeee Tyler takes a long sip of beer and looks around. The music
text: continues to slow and the EXTREME SLOW MOTION is giving everything
text: it’s own kind of haunting beauty. Kids are laughing, drinking, and
text: smoking around the fire....... cece eee eee eee eens
text: eee ee eens SLOW ZOOM into Tyler’s face as ‘Backseat Freestyle’ is
text: fading out and a drone is taking over... Tyler closes his eyes and
text: looks like he’s about to fall asleep............
text: eee eeee Tyler slowly opens his eyes to see Alexis sitting across
text: from him on the other side of the fire..............-
text: .-+. Alexis and Tyler just stare at each other, and then Alexis
text: begins to let big pain come to the surface. She looks heartbroken.
text: This hits Tyler right in his gut......
dialog: What the fuck?!
text: ‘America’ by The Shoes slams on and Tyler opens his eyes, back in
text: REAL TIME. Tyler looks up to see Ryan and Derek:
speaker_heading: RYAN DEREK
dialog: T Money! Why the fuck are you Alexis’s a slut. Fuck her-
dialog: being emo?!
dialog: 38.
text: Tyler looks straight ahead and Alexis is gone.
speaker_heading: TYLER RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, fuck off- Let’s go. We're leaving.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: This place is dead anyway.
scene_heading: INT. RYAN’S SUV - LATER
text: Ryan is driving drunk in his expensive, souped up SUV, while eating a
text: fast food taco. Derek is in the back seat destroying fast food
text: nachos. His face is covered with bits of beef and cheese. Tyler is
text: chowing down on a big quesadilla...
text: Soon, the boys are finished with their food. Derek is passed out in
text: the back. Tyler looks at his reflection in the overhead mirror:
speaker_heading: TYLER RYAN
dialog: Every time I try to open my You're gone, bruh!
dialog: eyes, they just close- I
dialog: can’t open my eyes-—
text: Tyler and Ryan are cracking up... Tyler puts his whole head out the
text: window and screams into the night:
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
text: I CAN'T OPEN MY EYESSSSSSSS
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - LATER
text: The music cuts out and Tyler throws up all over the bathroom floor...
text: Soon, the bathroom door opens and we see a groggy Emily. She sees
text: pills on the floor and puke everywhere.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Ty? What are you doing?!
text: Tyler looks up at his sister.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I couldn’t make it.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Tyler... Come on.
text: Emily gets a towel and begins cleaning up... Tyler starts to cry.
text: Emily turns and looks at her brother. He looks like a sad little
text: boy... Emily goes over and puts her arm around Tyler.
speaker_heading: TYLER EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: What’d I do? Where’s your sling?
dialog: What'd I do?? Shhh, it’s okay...
dialog: 39.
text: Emily’s cat wobbles into the bathroom and smells the throw up.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D) TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: B.K.! Get back- What'd I do??
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shhh, everything’s okay...
text: Tyler leans into his sister more and cries in her arms... He
text: finally releases everything he’s been holding on to.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I’m sorry.... I’m so sorry...
text: FADE TO COLORS...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S BEDROOM - LATER THAT DAY
text: ‘Focus’ by H.E.R. fades in as Tyler sits on his bed and thinks...
text: Tyler stares at his school books, but he can’t bring himself to
text: touch them... Tyler looks over at a bulletin board on the wall,
text: full of pictures... Tyler focuses on a photo of Alexis. She looks
text: beautiful. Tyler takes in the image for a good beat and he thinks
dialog: to himself...
text: Tyler gets on his phone and texts Alexis:
speaker_heading: TYLER (TEXT)
dialog: Look... | was an asshole but this is stupid the dance is coming
dialog: and we should be there together. We can figure this out.
dialog: Seriously. I’m sorry babe. | really am. | shouldn’t of freaked out
dialog: and left you. Can we please just talk???
text: Tyler waits... Alexis begins typing...
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (TEXT)
dialog: I’m sorry too
text: Tyler smiles.
speaker_heading: TYLER (TEXT) ALEXIS (TEXT) (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve missed you so much
dialog: | missed you too
dialog: | just needed time
dialog: | know. | get it
dialog: We need to talk about everything
dialog: Yeah | know I’ve made my decision...
dialog: | just hope you’ll be supportive
text: Dread hits Tyler in the pit of his stomach.
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: TYLER (TEXT) (CONT'D) ALEXIS (TEXT) (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s your decision?
dialog: You promise you wont get mad and
dialog: just talk?
text: Frustration is building in Tyler.
scene_heading: TYLER (TEXT) (CONT'D) ALEXIS (TEXT) (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah | promise
dialog: | want to keep it
dialog: Thanks for including me
dialog: Well it’s my body. It’s my decision
dialog: It’s half mine!
dialog: | think | should be included in the
dialog: i ision!
dialog: ducking decision! You said you weren’t gonna get mad
text: Tyler begins pacing as he calls Alexis... It rings and goes to
dialog: voicemail...
text: Tyler sits back down.
scene_heading: TYLER (TEXT) (CONT'D) ALEXIS (TEXT) (CONT'D)
dialog: Will you just pick up????
dialog: | don’t wanna talk when your mad
dialog: Well we shouldn’t talk about this over
dialog: fucking text!
dialog: ueking rex Your just gonna be a jerk and try to
dialog: make me change my mind
dialog: Where are you??? Are you
dialog: home?????
text: Tyler waits... No response from Alexis.
scene_heading: TYLER (TEXT) (CONT'D) ALEXIS (TEXT) (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m coming over
dialog: No your not. My parents are home.
dialog: They know too and they are
dialog: supportive unlike you
dialog: Are you serious right now???!!
dialog: Yes they understand and support me
dialog: What did you do??!!
dialog: I’m done. | don’t want to talk to you
dialog: . anymore
dialog: We are talkin now y
text: .- No response from Alexis... Tyler hits his desk with his fist.
dialog: 41.
text: The song changes over to ‘IFHY’ by Tyler, The Creator...
scene_heading: TYLER (TEXT) (CONT'D) ALEXIS (TEXT) (CONT'D)
dialog: ANSWERR ME!!!
dialog: We are over
speaker_heading: WTF
dialog: I’m blocking you now
dialog: DONT DUCKING BLOCK ME
dialog: ... No response...
speaker_heading: TYLER (TEXT) (CONT'D)
dialog: HELLO??7!!!222
text: Tyler's message doesn't go through... He calls Alexis and it goes
text: straight to voicemail... He calls again and it goes straight to
text: voicemail... He has been blocked.
text: In a fit of rage, Tyler throws his phone across the room and punches a
text: hole through the dry wall, with his working arm. This only fuels
text: Tyler’s rage.
text: The beat drops and he goes crazy. Tyler begins destroying his room.
text: Throws shelves down, knocks his computer over, etc...
text: Soon, Tyler’s parents start knocking on the door:
scene_heading: CATHERINE / RONALD
dialog: What’s going on?! Tyler??! Are you okay?!!
text: Tyler looks like he’s about to hyperventilate. He goes into his
text: bathroom and slams the door behind him.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: The music cuts out...
text: +. ‘Surf Solar’ by Fuck Buttons seeps in...
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - SUNSET
text: We fade up on kids, in nice dresses and fancy suits, posing for
text: photos. Alexis is in a beautiful red dress posing with a guy that is
text: not Tyler. Tyler’s friends and sister are there as well...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S ROOM —- CONTINUOUS
text: We see the actual photos and videos that everyone has been taking on
text: Snapchat, as we pull back from a cracked phone screen... We see Tyler
text: scrolling through everything. Tyler is drinking Vodka from his water
dialog: bottle...
dialog: 42.
text: He takes another pull of Vodka and we PUSH INTO the back of his head
text: to enter an extended MONTAGE that will build, with the music, and
text: intercut between everyone attending the dance and Tyler in his room:
text: 1) Suburb streets - The CAMERA flies through the air and then towards
text: the back of the party bus... We push through the party bus to see
text: everyone laughing and dancing while passing around bottles of alcohol.
text: The CAMERA pans from Emily to Alexis drinking with her date... Soon,
text: the party bus is arriving at the dance...
text: 2) Tyler's Room - The CAMERA pans through Tyler’s room until we find
text: Tyler pacing and drinking Vodka. Tyler takes his sling off and rolls
text: his shoulder around. Tyler takes an assortment of pills... He opens
text: his bottle of Adderall, splits a capsule, and snorts it.
text: 3) Dance - Alexis is having a blast as she dances with her date and
text: all of her friends. The CAMERA flies around everyone...
text: 4) Tyler's Room - Tyler is on the floor doing crunches... SLOW ZOOM
text: into Tyler’s face as he closes his eyes... Images flash through
text: Tyler's head of the good and bad times with Alexis: Smiling, Fighting,
text: laughing, screaming, going to the beach, going to the abortion clinic,
text: etc... Tyler paces around his room in a 360...
text: 5) Dance - The CAMERA pans in a 360 as we see everyone messing around
text: and having a blast... We see Tyler’s friends... Emily and her date...
text: 6) Tyler’s Bathroom - The CAMERA pans from the bathroom mirror to see
text: Tyler putting on his letter jacket and fixing his hair. He’s not
text: wearing his sling. He looks drunk and high...
text: 7) Dance Bathroom - Alexis is fixing her makeup in the mirror...
text: Soon, Emily comes out of a stall and goes to the mirror next to
text: Alexis. They both smile at each other.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: You look beautiful.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Awww thank you! You look amazing!
text: They both smile as they mess with their makeup.
text: ‘Love Is a Losing Game’ by Amy Winehouse comes on.
scene_heading: INT. DANCE FLOOR - LATER
text: SLOW ZOOM as everyone slow dances. The CAMERA focuses in on Alexis
text: dancing with her date. The closer we get, we realize Alexis looks sad,
text: like she wishes she was dancing with Tyler...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S PARENTS HOUSE —- CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler leaves his room and walks down the stairs... Tyler gets to the
text: bottom of the stairs and turns on a light. No one is around, his
text: parents must be in their bedroom. Tyler heads to his dad’s office and
text: shuts the door behind him...
dialog: 43.
text: Tyler digs through the drawers in his dad’s office. He’s searching
text: for something... Tyler stops. He’s found the keys to his truck. Tyler
text: turns around and opens the office door- The music cuts out. Catherine
text: is standing there, in her pajamas, looking confused.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Tyler walks past her and heads to the front door.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop!
text: Tyler stops...
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing, Tyler?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I need to go to the store.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: You're grounded. You’re not going
dialog: anywhere... Why do you smell like
dialog: alcohol?... Hey! Turn around and answer
dialog: me.
text: ... Tyler turns around.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you been drinking?... Where’s your
dialog: sling?
text: Catherine sees the keys to Tyler’s truck in his hand.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D
dialog: Did you take the keys out of your
dialog: father’s office?!
speaker_heading: TYLER
speaker_heading: CATHERINE TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Give them to me. No.
dialog: Tyler- I need to go.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not going anywhere!
speaker_heading: TYLER CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Bullshit. Watch me- Watch your mouth!
text: Ronald comes from around the corner, shirtless and without his
text: knee brace. Tyler’s eyes well up...
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: What’s going on?
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CATHERINE RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Well... Tyler took the keys What?!
dialog: out of your office and he’s-
speaker_heading: TYLER RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: This is bullshit. Don’t talk to your mother
dialog: that way!
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D) CATHERINE
dialog: She's not my mom. You’re not Like it or not, I raised you!
dialog: my fucking mom-
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D) CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: My real mom is dead! She I am your mother, Tyler-
dialog: wasn’t a condescending bitch
dialog: that treated me like a fuckin
dialog: child- You're pathetic! You I am your mother!
dialog: aren’t a woman! You can’t
dialog: even have kids- Can’t even
dialog: have kids-
speaker_heading: RONALD
text: SAY ONE MORE THING TO HER AND I’LL LAY
scene_heading: YOUR ASS OUT-
speaker_heading: TYLER ( TO RONALD )
dialog: FUCK YOU- FUCK YOU! I FUCKIN HATE YOU!
dialog: Can’t stand you!
text: Ronald edges closer to Tyler as Catherine is in shock. Tyler’s
dialog: said hurtful things in rage, but he’s never gone this far. He’s
text: like an unstoppable freight train.
speaker_heading: TYLER ( TO RONALD ) (CONT'D)
dialog: COME AT ME- I SWEAR TO GOD!
speaker_heading: RONALD TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: ARE YOU DRUNK?! Yeah, I’m fuckin drunk! FUCK
dialog: YOU GONNA DO?!
text: Ronald aggressively grabs Tyler by his jacket. On instinct, Tyler
text: lunges forward and shoves Ronald. Tyler uses so much force that
text: his father’s bad knee gives out and collapses. Ronald drops to the
text: floor in pain and Catherine rushes over to help.
text: ‘I am a God’ by Kanye West slams on. Tyler’s surprised how easy it is
text: to knock his dad down and it’s a powerful feeling.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The beat builds as the CAMERA follows behind Tyler, running to his
text: truck. Tyler gets into his truck and slams the door shut.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler is speeding and shaking the steering wheel as a few tears run
text: down his face... Tyler takes a big pull of Vodka.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S PARENTS HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler's parents are still in a bit of shock. Catherine helps Ronald
text: up and he limps to his office and gets his car keys.
scene_heading: CATHERINE RONALD
dialog: Are you okay?! What are we No, no, no- We can’t. I’m
dialog: doing?! We have to call the going after him-
dialog: police-
text: Ronald limps through the house to find clothes to put on.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D) RONALD (CONT'D)
text: Your knee- I’1l go- Someone I'm fine- I’m fine- Where is
dialog: needs to stay incase he comes that dance??
dialog: back-
scene_heading: INT. DANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Alexis, Emily, and Tyler’s friends are all leaving the dance now,
text: heading toward the party bus...
scene_heading: EXT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ronald runs to his car... He gets in and slams the door shut.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The CAMERA spins around Catherine as she runs through the house to get
text: her cell phone... She dials a number and waits...
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Emily- Please call me back. It’s an
dialog: emergency...
scene_heading: INT. PARTY BUS- CONTINOUS
text: CLOSE UP on Emily’s phone, tucked away in her hand bag, with missed
text: calls and texts from mom. Emily is dancing and messing around with the
text: other kids as the bus drives down a highway...
speaker_heading: CHANG
scene_heading: EVERYONE- WE’RE GOIN TO MY FUCKIN HOUSE!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Now, the party bus pulls up to a mansion. Alexis, Emily, and Tyler's
text: friends get off the bus and head inside....
scene_heading: INT. RONALD'S CAR -—- CONTINUOUS
text: Now, ZOOM IN as Ronald is driving, searching for Tyler...
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: ZOOM OUT as Tyler is driving... He pulls up Snapchat. We see a video
text: of everyone on the party bus. They are shouting about heading to
text: Chang’s for the after party. CAMERA ZOOMS IN on the road ahead as
text: Tyler gets on the highway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Now, Tyler pulls up to the mansion. He pulls over and looks at his
text: reflection in the rearview mirror. Tyler wipes away a tear and
text: fixes his hair...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Catherine is calling any friends of Tyler’s that she has a number for.
text: Finally, someone answers.
text: The music cuts out and ‘U-RITE’ by THEY. hits in...
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Hello?! Hi, this is Tyler’s mom... Yeah-
dialog: Yeah... Listen...
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE OF CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler slams his truck door shut. We follow in front of Tyler as he
text: walks past a bunch of parked cars...
text: Tyler makes his way towards Chang’s house, but instead of going to the
text: front door, he goes around to the side fence...
text: Tyler hops a fence to land in the back yard. Tyler tries to open the
text: side door to the garage, but it’s locked. Tyler continues through the
text: backyard and we follow behind...
text: Tyler looks through windows of the house as kids are in the backyard
text: swimming, smoking, flowing to music, etc... Soon, Tyler can see into
text: the kitchen and he sees Alexis with her date.
scene_heading: INT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler makes his way inside the house... He watches Alexis from a
text: distance as she heads upstairs with her date...
speaker_heading: RYAN (0.C.)
dialog: Bruh-
text: Tyler turns to see Ryan.
speaker_heading: RYAN (CONT'D) TYLER
dialog: Your mom just called me- She Yeah, yeah. I talked to
dialog: said some kind of family her. We good. Want
dialog: emergency- a beer?
dialog: Uh- Sure- You sure every- Meet you outside.
dialog: 47.
text: Tyler heads through the kitchen, past the dance floor, and towards the
text: stairs... Tyler makes his way up the stairs...
text: The music continually builds as Tyler gets to the top of the stairs to
text: see Alexis an er ate oO down a hallway and into a room. They close
text: the door behind them, the CAMERA pushes down the hallway past
dialog: family photos...
text: The CAMERA pushes back towards Tyler’s face as devastation builds...
text: The music grows with Tyler’s hurt....
dialog: 
text: * NOTE * This will _be one unbroken take from the time Tyler gets out
text: of his truck, until now. As the CAMERA pushes down the hallway, the
text: black bars at the top and bottom of the screen begin to close in
text: ‘Be Above It (Erol Alkan Rework)’ by Tame Impala slams on.
text: Tyler is drinking even more in the kitchen. He does a shot and drinks
text: a beer as a chaser. Now, there is a trippy strobe tight hitting the
text: dance floor. Tyler closes his eyes... Images flash through Tyler’s
text: mind of him and Alexis the last time they were in the ocean and in
dialog: ove...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The CAMERA shoots through the house to find Catherine pacing around
text: on the phone.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: No- The dance is over! The house is
text: further north.
text: The CAMERA continues to push past Catherine and toward a window,
dialog: leading to the night...
scene_heading: INT. RONALD'S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: The CAMERA pans from the night and through Ronald’s car to find him
text: still driving, on the phone with Catherine. The CAMERA continues to
text: pan past Ronald and into the front windshield, so that we see he’s
text: merging onto the same highway Tyler was on..
scene_heading: INT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler shuts a bathroom door and heads to the toilet to pee...
text: «+. Soon, Tyler stumbles up to the sink and washes his hands... Tyler
text: stares down at his hands and sees his calluses are almost gone. Tyler
dialog: remembers how much Alexis hated them, because they made his hands
text: rough... 48 FPS as Tyler slowly looks up into the mirror...
text: ‘GHOST!’ by Kid Cudi comes on in the distance of the party. SLOW ZOOM
text: as Tyler continues to stare at his own reflection. He loo $ terrible.
text: A ghost of his former self...
text: * NOTE * The black bars at the top and bottom of the screen have
text: finished closing in. We are now in 3.0:1 aspect ratio
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS IN SANTIAGO’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: we eeee Tyler walks through the party with the strobe light hitting,
text: everything in SLOW MOTION. The CAMERA pans through the dance floor,
text: with kids dancing and sweating in SLOW MOTION, to find Emily sitting
text: on a couch at the back of the living room..........
text: eee e eee eeee Emily is sweating and trying to cool down... She watches
text: the trippy strobe light bounce off the tile to create hallucinatory
text: patterns... She starts to feel nauseous... She looks up and sees Tyler
dialog: 
text: standing in the corner of the living room..............
text: eee ec eee seeeee The CAMERA pushes into a CLOSE UP of Tyler. Tyler
text: looks up_at the top of the stairs to see Alexis exiting the hallway
text: from earlier and heading to the StairsS...........000eeee-
text: The hook hits and everything goes back to REAL TIME as Alexis walks
text: downstairs.
text: qyler keeps his focus on Alexis as she makes her way into the kitchen.
text: Alexis seems to be looking for drinks in the kitchen fridge. She
text: leaves and heads towards fhe back garage. Tyler follows at a
text: distance... Emily watches all of this unfold...
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler enters the garage and shuts the door behind him. The music is
text: off in the distance of the party now...
dialog: 
text: Alexis gets several wine coolers and then closes the refrigerator door
text: to see Tyler. She is shocked:
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER
dialog: What are you doing here- Should you be drinking?
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: These aren't for- You need to leave.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You told your parents without talking to me?
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: I- You block me? I try to talk
dialog: Tyler- to you and you block me- Did
dialog: you fuck him?
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You fuck him?
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you talking about? You did. Didn’t you?!
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Who?!
speaker_heading: TYLER ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: How was he? WHO? !
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: I fuckin saw you. I saw you upstairs.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: With who- Franky? Franky has been one of
dialog: my best friends since elementary school!
dialog: He goes to Cypress! He’s gay, you idiot!
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Bullshit!
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: You would know that if you would listen to
dialog: anything I say! And these drinks aren’t for
dialog: me. They’re for my friends upstairs- The
dialog: friends you never took the time to hang out
dialog: with, even though I would do whatever with
dialog: your stupid friends! You don’t care about
dialog: anyone but yourself! THAT’S WHY I CAN’T EVEN
dialog: TALK TO YOU!
speaker_heading: TYLER ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: The fuck are you talking I’m done! I’m done with you!
dialog: about?!! We are over!
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Look- Look- Listen to me- Lex we can keep
dialog: it! We can keep it! We don’t have to get
dialog: a fuckin abortion-
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: Fuck you! You think I wanna have my baby
dialog: with you?! Look at you!
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What you mean look at me?! I’m fuckin
dialog: here for you bitch-
text: Alexis instantly slaps Tyler across the face and pushes forward.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t fuckin call me a bit- Stop- Stop!
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m done with you!
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What the fuck are you saying?!
text: Alexis tries to go again and Tyler physically stops her. Alexis
text: pulls free and slaps Tyler again-
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D) ALEXIS
text: STOP-— DON'T FUCKIN TOUCH ME!
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
text: FUCKIN BITCH!
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: FUCK YOU!
text: Alexis slaps Tyler across the face again, even harder, and Tyler
text: instantly reacts by throwing a punch. In a split second, Tyler hit’s
text: Alexis across the face and she slips back. Her head plunges into the
dialog: floor-
speaker_heading: BOOM
text: The screen goes to black..............0.-
text: We can hear nothing but total silence......... eee eee eee eee
text: eee eee Suddenly, we hold on Tyler’s face. The rage and hate begin to
text: fall away, only to be replaced with horror.... Tyler’s eyes well up
text: with water and tears fall... He’s beginning to grasp the realization of
dialog: what has happened...
text: For phe first time, the CAMERA pans away from Tyler and we see
dialog: Alexis.
text: Alexis is on the floor, unconscious, with blood surrounding her
dialog: 
dialog: head... It’s utterly devastating...
text: Tyler walks over to Alexis and cries over her body. Tyler is crying so
text: much he almost looks like a broken child... Tyler tries to wake Alexis
dialog: up:
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Lexis.... Lex... Please... Wake up
dialog: Wake up! Please! Lex.... I’m sorry... I’m
dialog: so sorry-
text: All of a sudden, the door swings open. A girl is standing there in
text: shock and then she lets out a HORRIFIED SCREAM!
text: * NOTE * now in 1.33:1 aspect ratio and handheld
scene_heading: INT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily is still sitting on the ne wal room couch when she hears the
text: scream. She stands up and begins walking behind a bunch of kids,
text: towards the garage... More screaming:
speaker_heading: RANDOM KIDS
text: SOMEONE CALL THE COPS! OH MY GOD! CALL
text: 911! CALL A FUCKING AMBULANCE!
text: Emily pushes through a horde of kids that are freaking out.
dialog: 51.
text: Soon, horror and devastation begin to fill Emily’s face. We see
text: Emily's point of view of a bloo y Alexis on the ground. The CAMERA
text: pans left to see the side door, leading outside, wide open...
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE OF CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The CAMERA is running behind Tyler as he approaches his truck... Tyler
text: gets in his truck and slams the door.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: ler is still crying and in shock as he starts up his truck and
dialog: i rows it in reverse- BOOM
text: Tyler smashes into the car behind him.
text: CLOSE UP as Tyler puts his truck in drive.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: We see a quiet, pitch black night... In the distance we can hear a
text: siren. The sound gets louder until flashing red and blue lights
text: illuminate the darkness. An ambulance begins to come into focus...
text: ‘The stars In His Head (Dark Lights Remix)’ by Colin Stetson hits on
text: as the CAMERA is right in front of a speeding ambulance...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler is speeding through the streets in his truck. He is screaming in
dialog: between tears:
speaker_heading: TYLER
text: WHAT’D I DO?! WHAT THE FUCK DID I DO?!!
scene_heading: INT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Police and paramedics arrive on the scene and enter the house... Emily
text: ells out to them as she cries right next to Alexis. Alexis is still
dialog: arely breathing.
scene_heading: INT. RONALD’S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Ronald is finally arriving, and he sees the flashing sirens. Dread
text: hits him right in his gut...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler is still speeding. He is approaching his neighborhood...
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: Paramedics assist Alexis and get her in a stretcher...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler’s mom turns around to headlights shining through the front
text: window. Catherine looks out to see Tyler’s truck shooting into the
text: driveway, almost hitting her car.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ronald leaves his car and heads to the sirens... Kids are crying in
text: the front lawn and several recognize Ronald. Ronald is jooking around,
text: pigcing together the clues, yet praying that Tyler was never here and
dialog: ad nothing to do with this...
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE OF TYLER’S PARENTS HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: qylex gets out of his truck and runs for his house. Catherine opens
text: the front door and immediately sees the blood all over Tyler.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Tyler.... What happened?!
text: Tyler pushes past his mom and runs up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ronald watches from a distance as a stretcher is moved out of the
text: garage and towards an ambulance... Ronald get’s closer and focuses to
text: see it’s Alexis, bloody and beaten, on the stretcher. Utter
text: devastation fills Ronald’s face... His worst nightmare is coming true.
scene_heading: INT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The phone rings and Elena jolts awake. Bobby is passed out, and a
text: cooking show is on the television... The phone rings again, and Bobby
dialog: wakes up:
speaker_heading: BOBBY ELENA
dialog: Who the hell- Where’s Alexis?!
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Alexis is strapped down in a speeding ambulance. Oxygen is being
text: pumped to her as paramedics work... She’s grasping for life...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler is in a terrified panic as he throws random stuff into his
text: wrestling duffle bag. Catherine is banging and yelling on the other
text: side of the door...
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: More police cars are speeding through the night. The CAMERA tracks
text: behind them...
scene_heading: EXT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Elena and Bobby now have some clothes on and they are hurrying to
dialog: their car...
scene_heading: EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ronald finally finds his daughter. Emily is sobbing. Ronald takes his
text: daughter in his arms and holds her tigh’ Emily is crying so hard
text: that she can’t even speak and tears stream down Ronald’s face.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler opens the bedroom door and pushes past his mom.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: STOP! STOP!
text: Tyler runs to the bottom of the stairs to see sirens flashing outside.
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY’S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Elena is trying to call people on her phone, and Bobby is speeding
text: through the streets.
scene_heading: EXT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler runs out the back door with Catherine still screaming behind
text: him. Cops sirens illuminate the front of the house. Tyler runs through
text: the back yard. Tyler climbs a fence and jumps over it.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - CONTINUOUS
text: Now, Alexis is being rushed through a hospital on a stretcher.
scene_heading: EXT. CANAL - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler is running along a canal... A cop car pulls up on the street in
text: front of Tyler and shines its spotlight.
text: The music hard cuts out.
text: Tyler freezes and throws up his hands...
speaker_heading: COPS
text: FREEZE!! PUT YOUR HANDS BEHIND YOUR
dialog: BACK!!!
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE UP of an EKG Monitor and a pulse flatlining... BEEEEEEEPPPPP
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM OF HOSPITAL - CONTINUOUS
text: Elena and Bobby are pacing around the hospital... A doctor approaches.
scene_heading: EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ronald is still holding his daughter and they are crying together...
text: Friends of Tyler and Alexis are crying...
scene_heading: EXT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Catherine is crying while talking to police... She watches a police
text: car drive away...
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE UP on Tyler's face, illuminated by the flashing sirens. Tyler is
text: being hauled away in the back of a police car.
dialog: 54.
text: Tyler looks up and stares directly into the lens. Pain and remorse
text: f111 his face... He is broken.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
dialog: Silence...
text: .-. And then, a piece of score like ‘Burial’ by Mica Levi
text: turns on as colors, like the ones that opened the film, fade
text: up and begin to merge in and out of each other. These are
text: darker shades and hues. Red into black and dark blue...
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. RONALD'S CAR - LATE AFTERNOON
text: CLOSE UP on, Emily's face, staring directly into the lens. She is
text: in the back seat of a car, deep in thought and an intense sadness
dialog: lives in her eyes...
text: We see Emily’s point of view and she is watching Ronald as he drives.
text: Ronald looks very different now. His strong confidence has been
text: replaced with something softer and vulnerable... He seems to be
text: holding onto big pain, but keeping it at bay.
text: Emily looks over at Catherine in the passenger seat, but she can’t
text: see her mother’s face.
text: There is total silence in the car, with an awful energy. Everyone is
text: in nice clothes, like they are going to an event that requires formal
text: wear, but they look exhausted and beaten down. It feels like a good
dialog: chunk of time has passed since we last saw everyone...
text: Emily watches as Ronald takes his hand and puts it on top of
text: Catherine’s for support. He holds her hand for only a moment,
text: before she pulls away... Emily studies Ronald’s profile. He looks
text: hurt, but has clearly accepted this distance....
text: Emily looks through the window and into the side mirror, so that
text: she can see Catherine’s reflection. Catherine is numb, consumed by
dialog: dread.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE - LATER
text: CLOSE UP of Elena, as she addresses the court:
speaker_heading: ELENA (0.C.)
dialog: «+. I remember every Sunday, I used to go into
text: Alexis’s room and wake her up. One thing that
dialog: never changed, from the time she was a little
dialog: girl, until the time she was a young woman, was
text: the look on her face when she woke up in the
dialog: morning... As soon as she opened her eyes, I
dialog: could instantly see so much light and love. A
text: face so excited to wake up and start the rest of
dialog: her life... I’1l never forget the last time I saw
dialog: my baby’s face... I almost didn’t even recognize
dialog: my own daughter...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: ELENA (0.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Losing your child is a nightmare I wish on no
dialog: one, but I didn’t just lose my daughter, I also
dialog: lost a grandchild...
text: Now, Bobby is addressing the court:
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: ... When I think about how Alexis died, the
dialog: horror of it is overwhelming... It is an all-
dialog: consuming horror which I constantly relive... I
text: feel physically and emotionally exhausted. As a
dialog: father, I wasn’t able to help my baby girl... My
dialog: daughter's killer sits here before us today. You
text: can see his face, but you can’t see Alexis’s.
dialog: You can’t see the fear that she must’ve had. You
dialog: cannot imagine the pain that she must've felt,
dialog: and the pain that my family feels today...
text: We hold on the back of Tyler’s head... He is silent, still, and
dialog: lifeless...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Williams, would you please stand...
text: Tyler and his lawyer stand up.
speaker_heading: JUDGE (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Tyler Williams, for your conviction of the
dialog: offense of murder in the second degree, upon
dialog: your plea of guilty... It is the order of this
dialog: court that you are sentenced to the State
dialog: Correctional Institution of Miami for the rest
dialog: of your natural life. Consistent with the
dialog: requirements of the Florida Constitution, that
dialog: sentence is technically with mercy which makes
dialog: you eligible for parole after you have served 30
dialog: years...
text: Elena, Bobby, and the rest of their family hug and cry. Relieved
text: their daughter’s killer is going to prison... Tyler is escorted
dialog: out.
text: Emily fights back tears and hurt... Emily looks over to see
text: Catherine leaned over, sobbing. Ronald is also crying. A piece of
text: score like ‘Meditacion 3’ by Sebastian Escofet fades in.
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S BEDROOM - LATER THAT DAY
text: Emily is laying on her bed and cuddling with her disabled cat, B.K...
text: Soon, B.K. looks around like he hears something. He jumps off the bed
text: and shakes his way out of the bedroom.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily steps into the hallway to see B.K. shaking towards the door of
text: Tyler's bedroom. Emily walks down the hallway and picks up B.K. She
text: listens... There is crying coming from the other side of the door and
dialog: it sounds like Catherine.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MORNING
text: Emily has her headphones in as she rides her bike...
scene_heading: INT. HIGHSCHOOL HALLWAYS - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily walks the halls with her headphones in. She keeps to herself.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - CONTINUOUS
text: SLOW ZOOM as Emily enters the school cafeteria. She looks around and
text: focuses on friends she knows in the distance. They are all laughing
text: and talking... Emily leaves the cafeteria.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD OF HIGHSCHOOL - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily finds a spot in the courtyard where she can be by herself. She
text: sits down and opens a book...
scene_heading: INT. THEATER ARTS CLASS - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily is sitting in her theater class as MR. STANLEY speaks:
scene_heading: MR. STANLEY
dialog: This is it, people. It’s the last tournament of
dialog: the year, so anyone that needs their credit
dialog: better sign on up. It’s been a great year...
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE OF THEATER CLASS —- CONTINUOUS
text: Emily finishes signing a piece of paper hanging on the wall in the
text: hallway outside of Mr. Stanley’s... Emily is walking away, when she
text: suddenly bumps into a BOY (17):
speaker_heading: EMILY BOY
dialog: Sorry- No... My fault-
text: Emily leaves, but she turns around to see the boy watching her walk
text: away. This is the wrestler that Tyler made bleed in wrestling
text: practice, except his braces are gone now and his hair is different...
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE OF STADIUM - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily walks past an empty school stadium. The same stadium where she
dialog: used to practice drills with Alexis and where Tyler would work out...
text: A few kids wearing graduation outfits walk past Emily...
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT. DENTIST OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily is sitting in a dentist chair, having her braces removed...
text: Emily examines her brace-less teeth in the mirror... Months ago, she
text: would’ve been over the moon to have her braces gone. Currently, she
text: can’t even muster up a genuine smile, while staring back at her
dialog: reflection...
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily scans through comments on Alexis’s Instagram... The text fills
dialog: the screen:
speaker_heading: BRITTANY (TEXT) MICHEAL (TEXT)
dialog: Alexis, | remember when we met water
text: skiing in Dunedin on spring break.
dialog: Thank you for being a part of m life.
dialog: od is
dialog: Hey Lex it’s been awhile how’ve you
dialog: been? I’m doing well... | think about
dialog: you all the time. The other day | just
dialog: remembered that birthday party when
dialog: You were an amazing person.
dialog: lucky to have you by his side. we were both kids and we shared that
dialog: piece of cake... Anyways I'll check
dialog: ack soon. | miss and love you
speaker_heading: AMANDA (TEXT)
dialog: ILYSM. Happy birthday
speaker_heading: MEGAN (TEXT
dialog: Thinking about you today Alexis. Love
dialog: you
speaker_heading: ANDREW ( a
dialog: The most beautiful person | ever met.
dialog: Hope you are having a party in heaven
dialog: because if anyone deserved to go
dialog: there it’s you.
text: Emily goes through articles about everything that happened. We see
text: that nearly half a year has passed since the tragedy... Emily
dialog: reads the comments sections and other social media:
speaker_heading: IZZY SANTEGO (TEXT)
speaker_heading: DIS DUDE EVIL
speaker_heading: DEAN MURRAY (TEXT)
dialog: Praying for both families. So tragic
speaker_heading: DONALD C (TEXT)
dialog: This son of bitch deserves worse then prison. They should
text: just execute him now so he can start his early rot in hell.
speaker_heading: TODDLES999 (TEXT)
dialog: OMG i hope dey fry him or he be gang
dialog: rapedevery day
speaker_heading: ILOVEPUG (TEXT)
dialog: His whole family deserves to die
text: More hateful words continue to fill the screen... CLOSE UP of Emily’s
text: eyes and a few tears running down her face.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily turns on the shower and sits down under the water... A deep rage
text: rises to the surface as Emily continues to cry and clench her fists.
text: For the first time, we see just how much anger, hurt, and pain she’s
dialog: holding onto...
dialog: 59.
text: Soon, The music fades away...
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE UP on a MIDDLE SCHOOL BOY:
scene_heading: MIDDLE SCHOOL BOY
text: Deep into that Darkness peering, long I stood
text: there wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming
dialog: dreams no mortals ever dared to dream before!
text: But the silence was unbroken, and the stillness
dialog: gave no token, And the only word there spoken
dialog: was the whispered word, “Lenore?”...
text: CLOSE UP on Emily, listening....
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAYS OF HIGHSCHOOL - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily walks the hallways of her school... Since it’s a weekend, the
text: halls are empty and Emily looks at ease.
text: Emily walks through the school cafeteria and then in the distance she
text: sees the same boy that she bumped into before. Emily watches him from
text: afar, until he turns his head towards her. Emily looks away and
dialog: leaves...
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD OF HIGHSCHOOL - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily reads her book in an empty courtyard...
dialog: Hey
text: Emily looks up to see the same boy from before:
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: +.. Hi.
speaker_heading: BOY EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Did I bump into you the other
dialog: day? Sorry- I don’t wanna bug What?
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: BOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Outside of Mr. Stanley's? 5th period?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Oh... Yeah.
speaker_heading: BOY EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry about that- No... I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: BOY (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. Are you judging or?
text: Emily nods and an awkward silence arrives..
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Yeah... You?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Yeah- I put it off all semester, so now
dialog: I’m here.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Same...
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: ... Do you have a lot more today or?
speaker_heading: EMILY .
dialog: No... Just a lip sync final.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Nice. Nice... It’s the same for me. I
dialog: just have an improv final left...
dialog: . It feels like the boy
text: is over staying his welcome. Why’s he even talking to Emily?
dialog: Emily's energy
dialog: No,
dialog: no-
speaker_heading: BOY (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. I’m shocked it’s not raining.
text: Everyday at 3. Like clockwork.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: ++. Yeah.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: .»+. It’s nice today, though. Not, like,
text: soul-crushingly hot. Little bit of a
dialog: breeze... Hey, do you wanna maybe eat
dialog: something to grab after this or?
text: suddenly shifts and she gives an awkward smile.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: «+. You just said eat something to grab.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I did? Shit... I’m an idiot. I meant grab
dialog: something to eat. Obviously- I’m sorry.
dialog: That’s weird. You don’t even know me, and
dialog: I'm asking if you wanna get food-
speaker_heading: EMILY BOY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry-
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay. It’s fine... I guess... I
dialog: could eat something to grab.
text: The boy smiles...
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: 61.
text: Emily nods.
speaker_heading: EMILY BOY (CONT'D)
dialog: -.. Where? Uh... Shit- I don’t know.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. We could go to that diner down the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Oh, yeah. Sure. That sounds great.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Cool... I’m Luke, by the way.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Emily.
text: Luke awkwardly walks away and Emily studies him... ‘Moonlight Serenade’
text: by Glen Miller comes on.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINER - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily and Luke are sitting at the same diner we were at before with
text: Emily's family. They are looking at their menus and sitting in
text: silence. Each not sure what to say...
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE
dialog: «+. I’m not really that No? We could just split
dialog: hungry- something?
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh... Okay, sure.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: .»+. I’m not gonna lie. I wasn’t sure if
dialog: you'd actually show up.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Really? Why?
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know... I’ve just Like me? What is that
dialog: never asked someone to hang supposed to mean?
dialog: out like that before...
dialog: Someone like you-
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: No- just like... You’re so beautiful. I
dialog: don’t- You know- I’m gonna shut up before
dialog: I sound like an idiot.
dialog: 62.
text: Luke smiles and looks down at his menu. Emily studies his genuine
text: vulnerability for a beat and she lowers her guard...‘What a
text: Difference a Day Makes’ By Dinah Washington comes on the jukebox.
text: Emily listens...
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: «+. I love this song...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah?
text: Luke listens...
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know it- I mean, I’m sure I’ve
dialog: heard it, but I don’t know what it is.
dialog: Sounds old.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: It's jazz. I grew up with this kinda
dialog: music because of my grandparents.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Really? That’s cool.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Yeah... My grandpa used to stay up at
dialog: night and listen to records, sometimes
dialog: dance with my grandma. So I heard stuff
dialog: like this all the time... They’re gone
dialog: now, though.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: It’s okay... I still see my other
dialog: grandma.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah? Where’s she live?
speaker_heading: EMILY
text: In a retirement home... She has dementia,
dialog: so people have to take care of her and
dialog: everything... She still gets around,
dialog: though.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: They catch her sneaking into What?!
dialog: other men’s rooms at night-
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Yep. I think she’s looking for my
dialog: grandpa... Or maybe just someone to
dialog: cuddle... Are you close with your
dialog: grandparents?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah- on my mom’s side.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Not on your dad’s side?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don’t really know anyone on my dad’s
dialog: side...
text: Emily notices a subtle energy shift at the mention of Luke’s dad.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: .«-. You wouldn’t wanna share a burger
dialog: would you?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Umm. I haven’t had a burger in forever... You
dialog: know what, yeah. I’ll share a burger.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You sure? I don’t wanna burger pressure you.
text: Emily shakes her head and smiles at the lame joke.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: They’re not bad here. I know the best
dialog: burger spot, though. Le Tub in Hollywood.
dialog: You know it?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: No... I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: They have my favorite kind of burger.
text: Like a nice, big and fat, grilled-in-your-
text: backyard kinda burger. With cheddar
dialog: cheese melted on. God... So good.
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: That sounds really good. You'll love it. Besides, I’ve
dialog: been pigging out now that
dialog: season’s over.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: You're in wrestling, right?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I am, indeed... And how did you gather
dialog: this information?
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: You mean, besides the fact that you just
dialog: told me?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Ummm, no, I believe I said now that
dialog: season’s over. That could be anything.
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: .+. I might have stalked you Is that so?
text: a little on Instagram after
dialog: my lip sync final-
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe... And maybe Twitter.
text: Luke has a huge grin.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I’m not gonna lie, I tried to do the same
dialog: thing with you, but I couldn’t find
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: «+. I deleted everything.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Really? Why?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: «+. Why do you think?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don’t know? That’s why I’m asking.
text: Emily's energy shifts.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: «+.. You know who my brother is, right?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: ... People would send me the That’s fucked....
dialog: worst messages ever-
dialog: It was terrible- People can be assholes.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: They both sit in silence for a beat.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. Fuck em.
text: Emily smiles.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: «+. Fuck em.
text: Now, Luke smiles.
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck em good- Fuck em good.
text: Emily and Luke smile and make awkward eye contact...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily sits on her computer and looks at pictures of Luke online....
text: Emily lays in bed with B.K... B.K. plays with Emily’s hand...
text: Emily closes her eyes and we are suddenly in 2.40:1 aspect ratio with
text: anamorphic lenses as we see colors beginning to form... It feels like
text: we are inside Emily’s subconscious and it’s searching for light...
text: Soon, a big beam of light fills the entire screen.
text: Emily opens her eyes and sits up in bed... A phone starts to ring.
dialog: * Note * Now, we stay in 2.40:1 with anamorphic lenses
text: ‘Loch Raven’ by Animal Collective begins to fade in...
scene_heading: INT. HIGHSCHOOL HALLWAYS - DAY
text: CAMERA spins around Emily to see she is standing in the hallway,
text: outside of Mr. Stanley’s, when she turns around to see Luke
text: approaching with a smile... Soon, Emily and Luke exchange numbers.
speaker_heading: EMILY (V.O.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.O.)
dialog: Hey.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD OF HIGHSCHOOL - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily and Luke are having lunch together in the school courtyard. We
text: can hear voice over from their phone conversation:
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.O.)
dialog: ++. College terrifies me. It’s like signing
dialog: up your life for something you don’t even
dialog: know if you’1l like.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAYS OF HIGHSCHOOL - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily and Luke are walking down the hallways together, talking and
dialog: enjoying each other’s company...
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.O.)
dialog: I don’t know... I love acting, but everyone in
dialog: theater is so extra. It’s not me, and I feel
dialog: like college will just be worse. My mom wants
dialog: me to go to school for economics or something
dialog: practical. I just feel like, fuck practical.
dialog: You know? Why can’t I be a fuckin astronaut if
dialog: I want to?
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily is laying on her bed, talking on the phone with Luke. She
text: has her feet propped up on one of her bed posts. There is a slight
text: phallic shape to the tip of the posts...
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (PHONE)
dialog: It’s stupid, but ever since I It’s not cheesy! Why is that
dialog: was a little girl, I’ve had a cheesy?
dialog: fantasy of being a ballerina.
dialog: It’s cheesy, I know-
scene_heading: EMILY (CONT'D) LUKE (PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s such a cliche! Who cares!
scene_heading: INT. LE TUB - CONTINUOUS
text: Luke and Emily are at the burger spot that Luke recommended. Their
text: table is over the water, and they are chowing down on a delicious-
dialog: looking cheeseburger...
scene_heading: INT. RONALD’S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Ronald is driving Emily through a parking lot. He is giving her a
dialog: driving lesson and talking about how to use your mirrors...
text: Ronald's energy and demeanor are very different than they used to
text: be. He’s softer, less put together than he was and it goes past
text: the fact that he’s different with Emily than he was with Tyler.
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily stares at her reflection in the mirror and examines her
text: body... She sucks in her belly, grabs the skin under her arms,
text: etc.... She’s not pleased with what she sees...
scene_heading: EXT. CANAL - SUNSET
text: Emily looks out at the water. We can see a hint of something swimming.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Manatees!
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: EMILY (V.O.)
dialog: I really wanna do something with animals.
dialog: I love animals...
scene_heading: EXT. EVERGLADES ZOO - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily and Luke eat alligator while a peacock hangs out near by...
text: Luke slips trying to look at baby ducks and Emily cracks up... They
text: go to a tiny zoo and see albino alligators, birds, etc.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.O.) EMILY (V.O.)
dialog: So, you wanna be a vet? I think so. Or, work at a zoo
dialog: or something.
text: Emily and Luke are walking further apart and then they come together.
text: Emily reaches over and holds Luke’s hand as they walk...
scene_heading: INT. GRANDMA'S RETIREMENT HOME - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily is visiting her GRANDMA. Emily holds her grandmother's hands
text: and runs her hands through her hair. Emily’s grandmother just
text: laughs and looks back at Emily...
scene_heading: EXT. JACKSONS - SUNSET - CONTINUOUS
text: Luke and Emily are getting ice cream at a local ice cream spot.
speaker_heading: EMILY (V.O.)
dialog: I love elephants and giraffes. Cows,
dialog: Manatees... All animals, really. I have a cat!
text: Emily and Luke walk down the street together, eating their ice cream
dialog: and playing around...
scene_heading: INT. RONALD'S CAR -—- CONTINUOUS
text: Ronald is still trying to teach Emily how to drive, but this time she
text: is behind the wheel...
scene_heading: EXT. CANAL - SUNSET
text: Emily and Luke are walking along the canal.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I fucking love manatees. They are like if
dialog: cows and elephants had babies that lived
text: in the water.
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I know, right? So freaking We should go see them.
dialog: cute. I love their fat little
text: bodies and goofy faces.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: We just did.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I mean, like, go north and swim with them
dialog: and stuff. You been to the springs up
dialog: there much?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We should go! We can see manatees and
dialog: kayak!
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: And how would we do that? My What do you mean? It’s
dialog: parents-— summer. I have a car. We can
dialog: go anywhere we want!
scene_heading: INT. GRANDMA’S RETIREMENT HOME - CONTINUOUS
text: Now, we see that Catherine and Ronald are with Emily and Grandma.
text: Grandma is still staring at Emily:
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: Beautiful... Isn’t she just beautiful?
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: She is...
text: Catherine just nods. Emily looks over and makes eye contact with
text: Catherine for a beat. Catherine looks totally different than she used
text: to. There seems to be a numb void below the surface. She almost looks
text: cold and lifeless...
text: Emily holds her gaze, until Catherine can’t take it anymore and she
text: looks away... There is a clear, unspoken tension between them and
dialog: neither one will address it.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: I'd give more than a nickel to look as
dialog: beautiful as she does when I was her age.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: You were beautiful at her age. Don’t you
dialog: remember?
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Yeah. That’s when you met dad.
dialog: Remember?.. Remember meeting dad and
dialog: falling in love before the war?
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Yeah...
text: It doesn’t click for Grandma. Catherine just stares at her mother...
speaker_heading: RONALD (TO GRANDMA)
dialog: Do you remember that Emily is learning how
dialog: to drive? She’s gonna have your car soon...
text: Grandma laughs. Not really understanding anything, but being a
text: sweetheart about it... Then, a moment of clarity:
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: ... What about Tyler?
text: A silent tension fills the room... Then, Catherine kneels down.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: ..-. He can’t come anymore, mama...
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: Well, why not?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Just... He just can’t... And I’m sorry we
dialog: haven't been back in so long... It’s been
dialog: really hard lately...
text: Grandma stares and smiles. Catherine just studies her mother for a
text: beat. She looks at her old skin and hands...
text: Emily studies Catherine... Catherine’s eyes begin to well up and
dialog: grandma notices:
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I just... I love you, mamma.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: I love you, too, baby.
text: A few tears fall down Catherine’s face as she stands and tries to
text: compose herself. Ronald puts a hand on Catherine’s shoulder. It seems
text: to only make Catherine uncomfortable. Grandma looks up at Ronald:
speaker_heading: GRANDMA (CONT'D)
dialog: This handsome man... You better keep your
dialog: eye on ‘em.
text: Grandma leans in close to Ronald.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you say we get out of here? Just
dialog: you and me?
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: RONALD CATHERINE
dialog: Oh- Mom! That’s your son-in-law.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: What? He’s your son-in-law!
text: Grandma just laughs. Memory totally gone again...
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - DAY
text: Emily sits in the kitchen by herself, eating an apple... Emily looks
text: at the old piano Tyler used to play...
text: CLOSE UP of pictures that Emily is studying. We see Emily’s other
text: grandparents, the ones on Ronald's side. Ronald’s father is ina
text: clerical collar and speaking to a congregation. Emily goes through
text: another box of photos. She finds a family photo of Tyler and her as
text: children with Ronald and their biological mother. Emily studies the
dialog: photo...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Emily rides her bike with her earbuds in....
scene_heading: INT. SHOPPING MALL - DAY
text: Emily looks at different dresses, swimsuits, underwear, etc... She
text: goes to a makeup store and tries different makeup...
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S BATHROOM - DAY
text: Emily watches porn on her phone, in the bath... She shaves her legs
text: and trims up down below... Emily picks up B.K. and dances with him
text: as she sings to the music... Emily does her hair in the mirror...
text: She puts on her new black and yellow dress... She smells her armpits
text: and adds deodorant... Plucks her eyebrows... Emily stares at her
dialog: reflection and makes different poses...
speaker_heading: EMILY (TO B.K.)
dialog: What do you think? Yes or no?
text: B.K. just stares and shakes...
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you, B.K. Very encouraging...
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S JEEP -—- CONTINUOUS
text: Luke is driving and Emily is riding shotgun:
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY
dialog: I’m seriously cool with Let’s do it. I want to... I
dialog: whatever. It’s whatever you just haven’t done anything
dialog: wanna do. fun in so long... Do you have
dialog: a fake or?
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: No- I’m getting one, though. Real legit.
dialog: They are altering my actual license- This
dialog: fucking guy- What are you doing?! Go!
text: Luke honks his horn and the car in front of him goes.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah- I had to claim I lost it and get a
dialog: new one... We can just go to Speedy’s,
dialog: though. Wally always sells, unless his
dialog: mom’s working.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Cool...
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: I like that dress, by the Really??
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah. You look great... Like a lil
text: bumblebee.
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Is that a good thing??! Yes! Seriously- You look
dialog: great!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ‘How Great’ by Chance The Rapper turns on. Emily watches from inside
text: Luke’s jeep as Luke buys beer from Speedy’s. It’s the same guy that
text: sold Vodka to Tyler... Soon, Luke returns to put the beer in a
text: cooler, in the trunk, and he gets in the jeep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Now, Luke and Emily are on the road...
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D) LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: No, no. It’s interesting- Are you religious?
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, I’m Christian... We grew up with it.
dialog: My dad’s dad was a minister and everything.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s cool. I hope I didn’t No, not at all. I hate when
dialog: offend you or anything when I people are judgemental about
dialog: wouldn't shut up- that stuff or think you’re
dialog: evil if your views are
dialog: different-
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Amen!
text: Emily laughs.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: .-+. I haven’t really been to church in a
dialog: while... I think my dad goes by himself
dialog: now. I don’t know. It’s weird...
text: Luke turns up the music...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: -+.. Wait for it... Just wait...
text: The beat hits. Emily and Luke nod their heads and smile.
scene_heading: EXT. THREE SISTERS SPRINGS - LATER
text: The music carries over as Emily and Luke walk down a boardwalk. At the
text: end of it is a beautiful clear water spring, full of manatees... We go
text: underwater and the gentle sea cows just float around...
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S JEEP -—- CONTINUOUS
text: Luke and Emily are driving again, headed to another spring. They pass
dialog: the I-4 Eyesore...
scene_heading: EXT. WEKIVA ISLAND - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily and Luke walk through Wekiva island. It’s basically a bar and
text: kayak rental place combined... Emily and Luke kayak down the springs.
text: Luke opens the beers and gives one to Emily... They see an alligator
text: in the distance, fish swimming, etc... It is beautiful.
text: After awhile, Emily and Luke tie up their kayak. They meet college kids
text: who are smoking and drinking next to the water. The college kids offer
text: up a hit of their blunt they are passing around. Emily and Luke both
dialog: smoke some...
text: Emily climbs a tree and jumps into the water. When she hits the water,
text: ‘Florida’ by Frank Ocean hits on...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Now, Emily and Luke share a beautifully sloppy first kiss. The
text: CAMERA hangs back as their limbs splash around in the water...
dialog: 73.
text: Soon, they are swimming with manatees and kayaking in the rain...
text: DISSOLVE TO...
text: Sunlight is shining through windows, it’s beautiful outside. The
text: CAMERA pushes down a hallway, towards a cracked door...
text: We continue to push through the cracked door and into Tyler’s
text: bedroom. To our surprise, Tyler is sitting on his bed, with his back
dialog: facing us...
text: Tyler slowly turns his head around and looks back at us...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Emily’s eyes snap open and she breathes heavy... She recovers from
text: her dream and reality hits. She has a mother of hangovers.
dialog: * NOTE * Now back to spherical 2:40.1
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily sits on her toilet, hungover... She looks into the toilet
text: and sees blood. To top off how shitty she feels, her period has
dialog: arrived...
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER
text: Emily chugs some water from the fridge... She listens and can hear
text: Ronald in the distance...
speaker_heading: RONALD (0.S.)
dialog: --+. Will you just talk to me?...
dialog: Catherine...
text: Emily leaves the kitchen and walks to a hallway. She looks down the
text: hall to see her parents bedroom door open. Ronald is standing and
text: Catherine is laying down with her back facing us. The CAMERA slowly
text: zooms in...
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not the only one going through
dialog: this thing... You hear what I’m saying?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: I don’t know what you want from me...
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I just want sleep.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: Look... I’m trying...
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
speaker_heading: ” RONALD CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: .-+.- A husband should be I can’t do this right now.
dialog: allowed to touch his wife-
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Then, when can you?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: .»+. You bring this up now? With every
dialog: thing else.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: We both know it started before... It’s
dialog: just gotten worse.
text: Catherine finally sits up in bed, still with her back to us, but we
text: can feel frustration building.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Unbelievable.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: What?... Say it.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: Really?... Nothing-
text: Catherine finally turns around, simmering with anger.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Sorry if I don’t wanna fuck you right
dialog: now! In case you haven't noticed, there
dialog: are more important things going on!
dialog: That's the last thing either one of us
dialog: should be thinking about- It’s insulting.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: It’s not just sex- You’re not here, Cath!
dialog: You’re not... This isn’t a family
dialog: anymore. We still have responsibilities-
dialog: Still have a daughter to think about.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Still have a daughter?! Where What’s that supposed to
dialog: are you?! What are you doing mean?!
dialog: for her?!
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: It was the same then- You were never
dialog: there- Not really... Pop in to be the
dialog: good guy- Left me with everything else.
speaker_heading: RONALD CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s not true- No? It’s not? You pushed him
dialog: too far and never did enough
dialog: It was different with Tyler- for her-
dialog: You know that! I raised them
dialog: the best I know how- And you never listened! Never
dialog: listen to anyone!
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: At least I’m here! Where are you?! I’m
dialog: trying to hold this family together-
dialog: Where you at?!
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: Everyone grieves in their own way... Once
dialog: again, you only see yours.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: That's not fair... I’ve done nothing, but
dialog: been here for you.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: ... I can’t be around you... Makes me
dialog: sick...
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: «+. I make you sick?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: wees I can’t look at you and not think
dialog: of him...
text: This hits Ronald deep. He’s speechless...
text: Catherine wipes away tears and heads to the bathroom. She closes
text: the door behind her. Ronald sits down on the bed, alone, and takes
dialog: everything in...
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.O.)
dialog: .+. My mom’s the best... She’s the fucking best.
dialog: I mean she drives me crazy, but she’s amazing...
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S JEEP - SUNSET
text: Luke is driving and Emily is riding shotgun as they move through the
dialog: Everglades.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Yeah? You seem really close.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I mean- she’s like my best friend. Not my
dialog: best friend, but you know what I mean. Yeah-
dialog: we're close.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: That’s nice...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What about you? Are you close with your mom?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: .-. Not really.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Shit. That sucks.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: ... Have you told her about me?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Who? My mom?
text: Emily nods.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D) EMILY
dialog: As a matter a fact, I have- Really?
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: What’d you say?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don’t know... That I met this amazing girl.
text: Emily smiles for a beat, then her energy shifts.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: «+. Did you tell her who I was?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nah- Not yet...
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: You just told her you met an amazing girl?
dialog: That’s it?
dialog: Luke shakes
dialog: Emily-
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No. I mean- I told her about you. I just
dialog: didn’t get into everything.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: +. Everything.
speaker_heading: LUKE
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: It’s okay. I don’t blame you.
text: his head.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: -oeee What about your dad?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: .«-. I don’t really wanna talk about my dad.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: ... Why not?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUKE
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why are you doing this?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Look who’s talking- What am I doing?
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: What?? Please tell me what
dialog: I’m doing.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: --. I just wanna know
dialog: something about your dad. But why are you pushing??
dialog: I’m not- He’s your dad- He’s an asshole.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. Why’s he an asshole?
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck- What?
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t wanna hear me talk about my
dialog: fuckin dad.
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, I do. No. You don’t.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Please don’t tell me how I feel.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, I don’t make you talk about shit you
dialog: don’t wanna talk about- Do I?? I don’t bring
dialog: up your fuckin brother!
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey- That’s not fair! That’s How do you know?!
dialog: not the same thing-
text: Emily lets it out:
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: You wanna go there?! I think about what he did
dialog: every day! Every day- You know what it’s like
dialog: to be me?! No one talks to me- No one looks at
dialog: me- No one sees me anymore- They look at me
dialog: and they see my brother. You have no idea what
dialog: my life is!
dialog: Silence...
text: Luke tries to figure out how to respond as Emily wipes away a few
text: tears. He’s certainly never seen this side to her...
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
text: .+. Hey... You’re right... No- It’s just... This was a
dialog: It’s shitty of me to do that- bad idea-
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: What was?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I just wanna go home.
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on- This was stupid-
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Emily- I’m sorry. Seriously.
dialog: 79.
text: Emily shakes her head.
speaker_heading: EMILY
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, you wanna know why I No- You seriously don’t have
dialog: don’t talk about my dad? to talk about him. I
dialog: shouldn’t have-
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's cause I hate him. He’s a piece of shit
dialog: with cancer.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: What? He has cancer?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: He had it coming. Trust me. He’s just not a
dialog: part of my life anymore... Half the time he
dialog: was drunk or on some kind of drugs... One
dialog: time, he pawned all the furniture in our
dialog: house... When I was a kid, after they were
dialog: split, I saw him beat my mom just because
dialog: she wanted to take me to her family for
text: Christmas. I saw him break her arm and pull
text: her by her fucking hair to throw her out of
dialog: the apartment. And I was just a kid, so I
dialog: couldn’t do anything.
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my god- It was terrifying... After
dialog: that, I had to have
text: supervised visits with him.
dialog: Then he was good, until he
dialog: fell off again, and he always
dialog: did. Eventually, my mom cut
dialog: off our relationship...
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: .+. When was the last time you talked to him?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don’t know... Like, 8 years ago or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: ... Are you gonna talk to him?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No... I’m not.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: .+. I wish I could talk to my mom.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You don’t talk to her?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: No... She’s dead.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Ah- shit. I’m so sorry.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: It's okay. My stepmom is really my mom. She’s the
dialog: one that raised us, at least... We only saw our
dialog: biological mom when we were kids, then she just
dialog: abandoned us. I found out she died a few years
dialog: ago... She had been writing me letters and calling
dialog: me to try and get in touch again, too. I just
dialog: ignored her... I remember she tried to call me the
dialog: day before she died and I didn’t pick up... I
dialog: think about that a lot... Like if I just would’ve
dialog: answered my stupid phone, maybe she’d still be
text: alive.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You can’t do that to yourself.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: She was never there for us so why did she expect
dialog: me to be there for her?...... She was like your
dialog: dad, though- An addict... When she overdosed, my
dialog: dad didn’t want to claim her body or pay for a
dialog: service or anything and she didn’t die in Florida
dialog: so I couldn’t do anything even if I wanted to...
dialog: It just sucks. I don’t even know what happened to
dialog: 
text: her body.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Shit...
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: So... I know how you feel, but I still wish I
dialog: would've talked to my mom before it was too
dialog: late...
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
text: Yeah... I hear you... Hey- No, no- I’m the one that’s
dialog: I’m really sorry for- sorry. Seriously...
text: «+. Luke looks down as the GPS on his phone.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. Ugh. We still have two hours to go? I
dialog: figured we were closer than that...
text: Emily picks up her phone and scrolls through it for a beat... She
text: picks a song. ‘Bluish’ by Animal Collective turns on.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: ++. You know this?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ...No... What is it? Sounds Just listen...
dialog: weird-
dialog: We_listen.....
text: The first verse comes _in and Emily sings along to it:
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m getting lost in your curlsss...
text: A grin takes over Luke’s face. Emily turns to look at him while
dialog: she continues to sing:
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m drawing pictures on your skin,
dialog: twirls. I like your looks when you
dialog: I know I shouldn’t say so but when
text: like a cat I’m beaming. I like the
dialog: so soft it
dialog: get meannn.
dialog: you claw me
dialog: way you
text: squeeze my handddd. Pulling me into another
text: dream, a lucid dream...
text: Now, Luke and Emily have huge smiles.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a love song!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Okay, okay...
text: Emily goes back to singing. We listen.....
dialog: The chorus hits:
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Put on the dress that I likeee! It makes me so
dialog: crazy though I can’t say whyyyyyyy! Keep on your
dialog: stockings for awhileeeee. Some kind of magic in
dialog: the way you’re lying there!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Now, they drive through the night as Emily does her makeup and tries
text: to get ready the best she can in Luke’s jeep...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, you don’t! You don’t even
dialog: need any makeup, and I love
dialog: your hair like-
dialog: I’m serious!
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ugh. I look like crap-
dialog: Oh, shut up!
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Now, Emily and Luke are hanging out with Luke’s friends in an
text: abandoned house.
dialog: 82.
text: His friends have a totally different vibe than Tyler’s. People are
text: smoking and talking, etc... Soon, two more friends arrive with a
text: bag. Luke turns to Emily:
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY
dialog: We totally don’t have to do What is it?
dialog: that-
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s x. I had them get some in case, but
dialog: seriously- It’s whatever you want to do. No
dialog: pressure at all.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD OF ABANDONED HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily and Luke are outside, alone. They are laying down in an
text: abandoned pool, staring at the night sky... Emily begins rubbing her
text: thumbs and fingers together.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I miss the manatees...
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: God. This feels so good. Do this with
dialog: your hands.
text: Luke does the same.
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit- That feels awesome- Feels so good.
text: Luke rolls on his side to face Emily. He runs his hand down Emily's
text: arm and twirls his finger through her skin.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: That feels amazing...
text: Emily rolls over to face luke.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: «+I like you so much-
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: I like you- So much- You don’t understand-
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at your hair. Look how beautiful your
dialog: fucking hair is... And your eyes. Your
dialog: lips. You're so beautiful. Oh my god
dialog: you're beautiful. I wanna kiss you so
dialog: fucking bad right-
text: Emily leans in and kisses Luke. They make out in the empty pool.....
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: EXT. GOLF COURSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The chorus returns as Emily and Luke run through an empty golf
dialog: course...
text: The sprinklers turn on and Emily jumps on Luke’s back until they
text: fall... They roll around through grass and water and crack up as they
text: wrestle with each other... Soon, they are aggressively making out...
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S JEEP - CONTINUOUS
text: ‘Pretty Little Birds’ by SZA cuts on. We see SLOW MO images of street
text: lights and the night passing by.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Now, they are at the same drive-through Tyler used to go to. Emily
text: smells a Vicks inhaler in the passenger seat and thoroughly enjoys it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What do you want?
dialog: Emily
dialog: «+. I wanna be bad.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Then be bad!
scene_heading: EMILY DRIVE-THROUGH VOICE
dialog: Okay... Okay... I’m gonna do- Hello?
scene_heading: LUKE DRIVE-THROUGH VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: One sec- What?
text: Emily yells over Luke:
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I want a double cheese crunch burger with
dialog: extra cheese sauce and bacon!
text: Luke looks simultaneously surprised and impressed by Emily’s order.
text: Emily shoots back a cute, mischievous grin...
text: Soon, Emily and Luke are chowing down on their burgers while
text: driving... Emily looks over at Luke, she has cheese sauce on her face
text: and some on her shirt. Luke cracks up.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D) LUKE
dialog: Do you wanna go bowling?!! HELL YES I DO!
scene_heading: INT. BOWLING ALLEY - LATER
text: Emily and Luke bowl and have a blast... They play video games, etc...
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S JEEP - CONTINUOUS
text: Luke is driving and then pulls over, not far from Emily’s... Soon,
text: Emily and Luke are making out inside the jeep. Luke feels up Emily,
text: and she unbuttons his pants...
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE OF EMILY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily and Luke quietly approach the back door to Emily's.
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE
dialog: The dogs sleep in my parent’s Okay, okay...
dialog: room, So we have to be really
dialog: quiet-
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Emily and Luke creep in and close the back door... It’s pitch black.
text: Luke bumps into the kitchen table and they quietly laugh.
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S BEDROOM
text: Emily is under the covers and Luke is trying to get a condom on...
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE
dialog: Did you get it? One sec... Okay.
text: Luke gets on top of Emily. Emily smiles and then kisses Luke... They
text: continue to kiss, and then slowly, they begin to have sex... It’s
text: awkward, since it’s their first time together, but it’s also sweet
text: and kinda romantic. In no time, Luke comes.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D) EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck- I’m sorry- I’m- No, no.
text: Emily kisses Luke more and then smiles... They look at each other for
text: a beat... Luke gets up, still naked, and hurries over to the bathroom.
text: He fumbles around in the dark:
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D) LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?? Where’s the light?
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s out here.
text: Luke peeks his head outside of the bathroom door.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sorry... I didn’t want you to see my butt.
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: What?! It's embarrassing... I have a
dialog: skinny ass.
text: Emily cracks up.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D) EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s not funny! I’m sorry- I’m sorry!
text: They crack up together...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Now, Luke is gone. Emily is cuddled up in bed with B.K. and texting
dialog: with Luke.
scene_heading: LUKE (TEXT) (CONT'D) EMILY (TEXT) (CONT'D)
dialog: | wish | was laying next to you right
dialog: now .
dialog: YES. | just want you to cuddle me :)
dialog: | wanna fall asleep with you in my
dialog: arms :)
text: The music is fading down and out...
text: FADE TO BLACK...
scene_heading: INT. DMV - DAY
text: Emily is looking right into the CAMERA.
speaker_heading: DMV WORKER
text: To the left... A bit more... There we go.
speaker_heading: FLASH
text: CLOSE UP of Emily’s new driver's license. Emily just stares at it for
text: a beat as the DMV Worker does more paper work...
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER IN THE DAY
text: Emily sits at a dock with Ronald. They both have fishing poles in
text: their hands and look at peace. It’s a beautiful day.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: I don’t think you’ve been fishing with
dialog: your daddy since you were a little
dialog: girl...
text: Emily smiles.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: +. Thank you for coming. I just wanna
dialog: apologize... Feel like we haven’t spoken
dialog: in so long, and I’m responsible for that.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: You don’t have to apologize for anything.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: Well- I don’t even know what’s really
dialog: going on with you.
speaker_heading: EMILY
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: How are you doing with everything?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I’m fine...
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: You know... It’s okay if you’re not...
dialog: You can tell me anything. You know that,
dialog: don’t you?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: .«.. I worry about you.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Dad- You don’t have to worry about me...
dialog: How are you doing with everything?
text: Ronald looks a bit surprised at his daughter’s gesture.
speaker_heading: RONALD
text: «+. Well... It’s been hard... Hasn’t it?
text: Ronald and Emily look at each other, and Emily nods. They both know
text: the intense pain they’ve felt... Ronald looks off over the water.
text: Clearly more on his mind...
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. I don’t know how to connect with your
dialog: mother anymore...
text: Emily looks a bit surprised that her dad is opening up and talking
dialog: about this.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: ... What do you mean?
speaker_heading: RONALD EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: .».. Can barely look at me... She doesn’t hate you.
dialog: Wont talk to me... I think
dialog: she hates me. I really do-
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know what else to do. She’s just
dialog: shutting down... She’s not working-
dialog: Couldn’t, even if she wanted to. The
dialog: company won’t recover...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: 
dialog: We're just losing money... Just- I love
dialog: her so much, but I’m losing her and I
dialog: don’t know what to do... I’m sorry- I’m
dialog: sorry-
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: What? Why are you sorry?
speaker_heading: RONALD EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: I shouldn't be telling you No-
dialog: all this-
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: I just have no one else to talk to.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: No- It’s good, dad. I’m happy you’re
dialog: telling me this.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Yeah....
text: Emily looks out, over the water... Clearly more on her mind...
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: .+.. I should've stopped it.
speaker_heading: RONALD
dialog: Stopped what? What do you mean?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: -.-.- I was there. I saw him follow her,
dialog: and I did nothing- I knew it, too... I
dialog: had that feeling, and I just froze-
speaker_heading: RONALD EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Baby- If I just would've gotten up.
dialog: I could've stopped it, and
dialog: she'd still be here-
text: Tears flow down Emily’s face as pain and regret come to the surface.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey. Listen to me. This is not your fault.
speaker_heading: EMILY RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: It is- No. It’s not. And you can’t
dialog: blame yourself. You didn’t do
dialog: this. Your brother did-
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: I hate him.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: RONALD EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Baby- I hate him so much, dad! He's
dialog: evil. What he did is evil...
dialog: He’s a monster.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Baby- You can be angry. And you should be... But
dialog: your brother isn’t a monster, and he’s not evil.
text: He’s just a human being. Same flesh and blood as
dialog: you and me. You can hate him all you want, but
dialog: let me tell you something. That hate will
dialog: swallow you up. It’ll swallow you. It'll swallow
dialog: you like it did your brother and you are not
dialog: your brother. You are you. No one can take that
dialog: away from you...
text: Emily continues to cry while a few tears run down Ronald’s face.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
dialog: I know the pain you’re in. Trust me. I know it.
dialog: Lord knows I’ve held on to too much hate,
dialog: myself... I think about your brother everyday...
dialog: Things I could’ve done... But we can’t change
dialog: it... All we have is now and I’m telling you
dialog: this, because I love you- Holding on to so much
dialog: hate will destroy a person, and I’m not about to
dialog: let it destroy you... You have so much love to
dialog: give to this world, and you have so much life to
dialog: live... You remember some of Papa’s favorite
dialog: scripture?
text: Emily nods through tears.
speaker_heading: RONALD (CONT'D)
text: Hatred stirs up strife, but love... Love covers
dialog: all offenses..... I love you so much, baby.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I love you too, daddy-
text: Ronald lets go of his fishing pole and wraps his arms around his
text: daughter. Emily squeezes back. ‘Seigfried’ by Frank Ocean comes on.
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S CAR - SUNSET
text: Emily and Ronald drive home, but this time, Emily is behind the
text: wheel.... The windows are down, and Ronald looks out at a beautiful
text: sunset. He takes it in for a moment, and then he turns and watches his
text: daughter driving. She’s becoming a young woman right before his eyes.
text: Ronald just smiles and takes in the moment... Emily looks back at her
text: dad, and she can feel his love. Emily smiles...
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: CLOSE UP of a phone in a glass with ‘Seigfried’ still playing. Emily
text: and Luke are sitting across from each other on each end of the bath
text: tub... Their limbs are intertwined and the tub is filled with water as
text: they sit in silence, listening to the music...
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: +. What are you thinking?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: «+. Nothing...
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Come on... Tell me.
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: .+. The hospital where my Really?? What’d they say?
dialog: dad’s at called today-
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know..... They don’t think he has
dialog: much longer.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Oh my god- Do they know how long?
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
text: They don’t think long at all.
dialog: Like, they don’t think he’1l What?! What are you gonna do?
dialog: make it past the week-
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: You have to see him.
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: What? Seriously.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: No- I don’t wanna see him... Besides, my
dialog: mom would never let me do that.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Have you talked to her? I mean, she
dialog: doesn’t have to know.
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay- I’m serious.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: And how am I supposed to get there?
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s in Missouri- Missouri??
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
text: And my car’s still in the shop.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Then, we can take mine.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: It’s summer. I have a car. We can go
dialog: anywhere we want! We'll make it a road
dialog: trip.
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on- I’m serious. You have to see
dialog: your dad. You will seriously
dialog: regret it if you don’t.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
text: Emily grabs her phone that’s on the side of the tub.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D) EMILY
dialog: What are you doing? That's so weird. Why’s he in
dialog: Missouri?
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know... Apparently, he was
text: driving trucks and got in an accident.
dialog: Got stranded there.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: What city?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don’t know- I think Columbus or
dialog: Columbia or something...
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: It’s a long drive, but I bet we can get
dialog: there in two days. We can leave tomorrow.
dialog: Maybe stop along the way to break up the
dialog: driving.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How are we gonna even afford
dialog: that? Gas and hotels are
dialog: gonna cost a lot of money-
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: We can make it work. Sleep in
dialog: the car, if we have to. I
dialog: also have money saved. I have
dialog: this savings account I
dialog: haven't touched with money
dialog: from social security after my
dialog: mom died... Can you make up
dialog: an excuse for your mom?
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know... Maybe I could think of
dialog: something... You?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I used to go to my friend’s parent's
dialog: beach house in the Keys. I can say I’m
dialog: going there. Honestly, I think my parents
dialog: would just be happy I’m seeing friends
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Luke sits and thinks.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. Okay.
dialog: «+. Let’s do it.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Okay??
dialog: Yay!!
text: Luke and Emily just stare at each other and smile...
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: ++. Come over here.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Right here- Over there?
text: Emily smiles and nods... Luke scoots towards Emily and she comes to
text: meet him in the middle of the tub... They just stare and smile at each
text: other. Studying each other’s faces, eyes, etc... It’s so obvious they
dialog: are in love...
text: The music grows and they kiss.
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S CAR — CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The CAMERA spins around, inside Emily’s car, to reveal Luke riding
text: shotgun and Emily driving... The CAMERA continues to spin ina
text: dizzying 360 that reminds us of Alexis and Tyler...
dialog: 92.
text: Emily and Luke are having a blast as they sing to the music, pump each
dialog: other up, and play around...
speaker_heading: FRANK OCEAN ( IN SONG )
dialog: It’s a loop....
text: And the other side of the loop is a loop...
dialog: This is not my life...
dialog: It’s just a fond farewell to a friend...
scene_heading: INT. NORTH FLORIDA TOURIST AREA - LATER THAT DAY
text: The music continues as Emily and Luke chase each other through a
text: theme park with the CAMERA running behind to catch up... They ride
text: the Orlando Eye and watch mermaids perform underwater...
text: They go through a skeleton museum with skeletons of all kinds of
text: animals and insects... They walk through an aquarium filled with
dialog: underwater life and color...
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH FLORIDA BEACH - DAY
text: The music cuts out and we hear the sound of waves as we are in the
text: ocean, underwater. Emily is just floating through the water with her
text: eyes closed. She is totally still and looks lifeless...
text: All of a sudden, Emily screams into the CAMERA, and we rise above
text: water with her. Emily and Luke laugh as they play through the waves on
text: the beach... Emily and Luke walk along the beach and look for
text: different shells... Emily watches a little girl play in the waves with
text: her mom... Luke turns to see a small wedding being set up. Some wood
text: posts with a veil, no more than six chairs, and a steel drum player.
text: It’s an extremely tiny venue, but cute... Soon, the bride and groom
text: walk the sand aisle and the wedding begins. Luke and Emily watch from
text: their beach towels. Score beings to build and take over...
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: They don’t look much older than us....
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S CAR — CONTINUOUS
text: Emily and Luke are driving again... Away from the beach. We can see
text: the landscapes shift as they cross different state lines. From
text: Georgia, to Atlanta and Nashville... We see Emily and Luke in a
text: variety of different places. Gas stations, antique stores, etc... They
text: buy sunflower seeds, Red Bull, chips, and condoms... They go through
text: an antique store and see old pictures, jewelry, and paintings. An
text: older white couple, who seem to run the store, stare at Emily and Luke
text: several beats too long... They fill up at a variety of gas stations...
text: They watch fireworks go off in a field... Emily drives while Luke
text: tries to go down on her...
text: Soon, it’s night time and Emily and Luke are cuddled up in the back
text: seat, trying to sleep... Later, We see a sunrise in fog, deers
text: running... Then, it’s sunset and Emily watches Luke hang his hand out
text: the window. Luke’s hand goes up and down, through the wind, like waves.
text: Soon, Emily’s car drives past a sign: “Welcome to Missouri”
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S CAR - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Now, the music is fading away... Emily looks tired as she drives. Luke
text: is sleeping, and then wakes up from the sound of thunder outside.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ... Babe... Where are we?
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: CRANE SHOT as we track Emily’s car as it drives through the rain,
text: towards a hospital, and parks... ZOOM INTO the roof.
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S CAR — CONTINUOUS
text: Emily and Luke are getting ready to leave the car. Luke pauses for
text: a beat and stares at the hospital... He looks extremely nervous.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: CAMERA pans through a large hospital and then tracks behind Emily
text: and Luke as they approach elevators... They enter and Emily pushes
text: the button for the 7th floor.
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY
dialog: What room did they say? 709.
text: The CAMERA holds on Emily and Luke as the elevator goes higher and
text: higher... Emily studies Luke as he looks more and more nervous... The
text: elevator reaches the 7th floor and the doors open. We follow behind as
text: they head down another hallway. Emily wraps her hand around Luke’s...
text: Soon, they are outside of room 709. Emily goes to open the door.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait- I think I’m gonna be sick.
text: Emily stops as Luke bends down into the wall. He looks like he’s
text: on the verge of a mini panic attack.
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you okay?? Want me to get No- no. Just wait...
dialog: a nurse or-
text: Luke breathes heavy as Emily rubs his back.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s okay... Everything’s gonna be
dialog: okay... He can’t hurt you anymore.
text: Luke’s breathing begins to steady from Emily’s support... He stands
text: back up and regains control... Luke nods and then heads for the door.
dialog: * NOTE * This will all be one unbroken take. From the time they
dialog: enter the hospital, until now
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Luke enters the room and he’s instantly stunned. He sees his dad for
text: the first time in 8 years and it’s not what he expected. Luke’s dad is
text: sitting back in a hospital bed. He’s so skinny and depleted that he
text: looks incredibly fragile, like an old man on his death bed. It’s
text: devastating to see someone so close to death, yet still grasping for
text: life. All those years of pent up pain, fear, and animosity seem to
text: vanish from Luke. This is not the “ asshole “ he remembers.
speaker_heading: LUKE’S FATHER
dialog: «+. Son?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ... Hey, dad...
text: Luke walks over to his dad’s hospital bed. Luke’s father struggles
text: forward and opens his arms for a hug. Luke returns the hug and
text: wraps his arms around his father to feel his fragile frame. Luke’s
text: father speaks in hushed tones because it’s hard to talk.
speaker_heading: LUKE’S FATHER
dialog: My son... My son... I missed you...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: .+. I missed you, too...
text: Luke and his dad cry a bit and hug each other for a good minute before
text: they let go... Emily’s eyes well up, as she watches in silence.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad... This is my girlfriend, Emily.
text: Emily gives Luke’s dad a hug.
speaker_heading: LUKE’S FATHER
dialog: -.. Beautiful...
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - LATER
text: Now, the lights are dim and Luke’s father is sleeping in pain. The
text: CAMERA pans to a small visitor's bed in the corner to find Emily and
text: Luke laying together... Emily lays in Luke’s arms as they both try to
text: sleep, but Luke’s eyes are open, mind racing.
speaker_heading: EMILY LUKE
dialog: Please- At least try to I can’t turn my mind off...
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: +. What are you thinking about?
speaker_heading: LUKE EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. My dad giving me baths- That's a little weird, babe.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh hush. I mean, when I was a kid... It’s
dialog: something that always stayed with me...
dialog: He’d always hold my head back and pour
dialog: the water through my hair... It’s stupid,
dialog: but I don’t know. I just remember feeling
dialog: happy... Peace...
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: -.. Give me a kiss.
text: Luke kisses Emily.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: A real one.
text: Luke gives her a better kiss.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come here.
text: Emily guides Luke to her stomach. He puts his head down, and she gently
text: runs her hands through his hair... Luke slowly closes his eyes...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: Luke’s father vomits some dark mucus into a bucket... It’s awful and
dialog: looks incredibly painful...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: DOCTOR LUKE
dialog: .-. Well, he’s fighting. Is this normal, though?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Depends. Everyone is different. It can be
dialog: rapid, or it can take time... However, this is
dialog: longer than usual and longer than what we had
text: anticipated. Clearly, he’s not ready to go
dialog: yet... The best thing you can do is help him
text: feel peace and comfort when he is lucid.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Okay...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Alright... Well, just let us know if you need
dialog: anything, and I'll be back tomorrow to check in.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Thank you so much.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 96.
text: Emily’s eyes open.... She is sleeping with Luke in the visitor’s bed,
text: and she can see Luke’s father staring at her. He’s on the edge of his
text: bed and moaning, in agonizing pain. Luke’s father is hard to see in
text: the darkness, and he nearly looks like a zombie... It’s a sad,
text: disturbing sight. Emily wakes Luke up.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Dad? You okay? Do you have to use the
dialog: bathroom?
text: Luke helps his father to the bathroom...
text: Emily rolls over and looks at her phone to see new text messages:
speaker_heading: RONALD (TEXT)
dialog: Baby. Your mother saw Bethany’s instagram and that
dialog: you haven’t been at the beach house you know |
dialog: trust you but cath is not going well. Very worried.
dialog: Please talk to me so | know you’re ok
dialog: “foing
dialog: *doing
dialog: Sorry. Please just text or call. | love you
text: Emily begins texting her dad back.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Emily sits by the window and watches Luke, with his dad... Luke’s
text: father finishes vomiting some dark mucus into his bucket. He looks
text: like he’s in agonizing pain...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You want some water?
text: Luke’s father shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: +.» What are you holding onto, dad? What are
dialog: you feeling?... Is it just the pain, or is it
dialog: something else?
text: Luke’s father looks out the window to avoid eye contact with his son.
text: It’s clear he’s holding on to so much and doesn’t wanna face it...
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: .»+. Is it something going on in your head?... If
dialog: it is, you just need to let it go, dad. Okay? I
dialog: love you. I just want you at peace... You don’t
dialog: need to fight... Okay? There’s no need to fight.
dialog: You're going some place better... Right?
speaker_heading: LUKE’S FATHER
dialog: «+. I know...
text: Luke’s father moves his vomit bucket to the side. So it’s not between
dialog: him and his son...
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: .-. You don’t have any regret, do you?
text: That’s the magic word. Luke’s father begins to break...
speaker_heading: LUKE’S FATHER
dialog: -.. Kinda...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, you don’t need to. You don’t need
dialog: to... Okay?
text: Luke's father hangs his head down and lets out a heartbreaking moan.
text: We hear him release all the pain, hurt, and regret that’s been pent up
dialog: forever. It’s devastating...
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s okay...
text: Luke's father lets out another soul-crushing moan...
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. Just let it all go...
text: We hold on Emily as she takes in everything... Emily closes her
text: eyes... Images of Tyler rush through Emily’s mind. Emily thinks of
text: the last time Tyler broke down to her in their bathroom... Tears
text: begin to fall from Emily’s face as she thinks of Tyler.
text: Luke's father lets out a quieter moan and Luke holds him... Luke and
text: his father lean up and look each other in the eyes:
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Just let it all go... Okay?
text: Luke's father nods... A piece of score like ‘Burial’ by Mica Levi
text: comes on. Luke helps his father lay back down on his bed... Luke’s
text: father closes his eyes and goes to sleep... Emily walks over to Luke
text: and rubs her hand through his hair. Luke leans into Emily’s stomach
text: and wraps his arms around her...
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Now, Emily is walking through the hospital halls and taking in
dialog: everything...
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE UP of Emily’s face as tears continue to fall... Emily looks
text: down and we see a close up of her text to Catherine:
speaker_heading: EMILY (TEXT)
dialog: I'll be home soon and I'll explain everything. Just
dialog: don’t worry. | promise I’m safe and | promise what I’m
dialog: doing is important... | love-
dialog: 98.
text: Emily deletes the last few words and thinks to her self... She
text: begins typing again:
speaker_heading: EMILY (TEXT) (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll be home soon and I'll explain everything. Just
dialog: don’t worry. | promise I’m safe and | promise what I’m
dialog: doing is important... | want us to be a family again-
text: Emily begins deleting the last sentence of her text, again...
text: Tears continue to fall... Everything is hitting her as she
text: struggles to convey her pent up feelings over text... Emily takes
text: more time and then begins typing again...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Emily and Luke hold each other while they sleep through the
text: night... The CAMERA continues to pan over to Luke’s father... We
text: begin to hear the sound of an EKG monitor flatlining...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Luke cries incredibly hard as Emily holds him in her arms, but all
text: we hear is score.... It’s clear that Luke’s father has passed
dialog: away...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMILY’S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: The CAMERA looks out the back of Emily’s car as we drive over a
text: bridge and away from the hospital... The sun is setting... Luke
text: continues to cry in the car. Still grasping that he will never see
dialog: his father again. At least, not in this life...
text: CLOSE UP as Emily reaches over and squeezes Luke’s hand. He squeezes
dialog: back...
text: A cop siren is heard in the distance and then a cop car drives past
text: Emily's car... We hold on Emily’s face as she thinks about Tyler,
dialog: Alexis, and that night...
text: ‘True Love Waits’ by Radiohead comes on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - CONTINUOUS
text: We see Tyler go through his daily routine in prison. He tries to keep
text: to himself and keep his head down. Tyler walks with fellow inmates,
text: participates in a group class, reads, does sit ups, etc...
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S PRISON ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler lays in his bed at night. He cries to himself, as he looks at a
text: picture. We see that it’s a picture of Alexis. Alexis has a huge smile
text: across her face. She looks beautiful...
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CAFETERIA - CONTINUOUS
text: Tyler sits down at his table in a crowded prison cafeteria... WIDE
text: SHOT as Tyler prays... Even though Tyler is in prison, we get the
text: sense that he is pushing forward and trying to heal...
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: WIDE SHOT of a ton of graves in a cemetery... We see that Elena and
text: Bobby are holding each other as they visit Alexis’s grave. CLOSE UP on
dialog: Alexis’s headstone...
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY AND ELENA'S RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Bobby does work around his resturant, but the big energy we saw from
text: Bobby in the beginning of the film is completely gone. He looks dead
text: inside, just going through the motions...
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY’S HOUSE - EVENING
text: Bobby sits in his living room and watches the game. Still showing no
text: emotion... Suddenly, he breaks down and starts sobbing...
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Bobby wakes up in bed, and it’s hard for him to breathe... He leaves
text: and gets a glass of water. We hold on Elena...
scene_heading: INT. ELENA’S CAR - DAY
text: Elena drives down a street and focuses on a girl walking. She looks
text: just like Alexis from behind... Elena keeps watching until she can see
text: the girl’s face. For a split second, she is convinced it’s Alexis.
text: Then reality hits, and she remembers her daughter is gone...
scene_heading: INT. ELENA’S CAR - DAY
text: Elena just sits in her car, eating lunch... She watches children play
text: in a park... A couple is there with a new born baby...
scene_heading: INT. ALEXIS’S BEDROOM - EVENING
text: Elena is sitting on the floor of her daughter’s room. She has one of
text: Alexis’s stuffed animals and old drawings from when she was a little
text: girl.... Elena smells her daughter’s stuffed animal and cries...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - EVENING
text: We pan away from a little girl holding a stuffed animal, to find
text: Emily and Luke checking into a hotel with Luke’s fake ID... Soon,
text: Emily and Luke take a shower together... They dry off and then
text: brush their teeth in the mirror...
scene_heading: INT. CATHERINE’S BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Catherine stares at her exhausted reflection in the mirror... Her
text: phone vibrates. She looks down to see a text from Emily:
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: EMILY ( TEXT )
dialog: I'll be home tomorrow and I'll explain everything. Just
dialog: don’t worry. | promise I’m safe and | promise what I’m
dialog: doing is important... I’ve been thinking a lot and |
dialog: hope we can start talking more. | really love you so
dialog: much and I’m grateful to have you in my life and that
dialog: you raised me... I’ll be home soon.
text: Catherine is taken aback. She studies the message and a few tears run
dialog: down her face....
text: Then, Catherine starts to get ready. She brushes her hair, teeth, and
dialog: applies makeup...
scene_heading: INT. CATHERINE’S CAR —- CONTINUOUS
text: Catherine drives past Emily and Tyler’s highschool. Since it’s
text: summer, it looks abandoned. The opposite of how it looked before...
text: Now, Catherine’s car is parked. She’s sitting outside of Tyler’s
text: prison, just looking at the entrance...
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - CONTINUOUS
text: Catherine walks through the visiting quarters of the prison... She
text: sits and waits for Tyler... Catherine watches all the different
text: visitors around her, waiting to see their loved ones...
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - CONTINUOUS
text: Now, Emily and Luke sit by a beach and watch the sunset... They
text: share a glance and then look back at the ocean... Emily and Luke
dialog: are getting closer to Florida...
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - CONTINUOUS
text: The CAMERA pans across an ocean until we find Ronald as he sits at
text: the beach and fishes by himself...
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: WIDE SHOT as Ronald is surrounded by families as he sits alone, in the
text: back of the church, during a service...
scene_heading: INT. RONALD'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ronald sits in his home office, staring at construction plans on his
text: computer and drinking a protein shake... One of the dogs is clawing
text: at the office door to get out. Ronald opens his office door and the
text: dog goes to the dog gate at the bottom of the stairs and cries.
text: Ronald looks up to see B.K. crying at the top of the stairs...
text: Ronald heads up the stairs and picks up the cat to comfort it. Ronald
text: turns and looks down the hallway...
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Ronald enters Tyler’s room to see Catherine crying on Tyler’s bed.
text: Catherine looks up and makes real eye contact with Ronald for the
text: first time in a long time... Tears begin to well up in Ronald as he
text: looks back at his wife...
text: Ronald puts B.K. down, and he sits on the bed with Catherine... Ronald
text: reaches out and runs his hand through Catherine’s hair. She doesn’t
text: resist... Ronald lays down in the bed with her...
text: There’s so much they want to say to each other, but instead they just
text: look into each other’s eyes and cry... In this moment, there are no
dialog: words and that's okay...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - LATE AFTERNOON
text: ‘Sound & Color’ by Alabama Shakes turns on.
text: CLOSE UP of feet on pedals...
text: CLOSE UP of hands on handle bars...
text: CLOSE UP of Emily’s face as she rides her bike faster and faster,
text: gaining speed, as her neighborhood flies past her and she pushes
dialog: forward...
text: The music continues to build....
text: Soon, Emily stops pedaling and she just glides...
text: Emily takes her hands off the handle bars and rests them by her
text: side... Emily stretches her arms up into the air... She lets the
text: wind rush through her finger tips, then her entire body... We hold
text: on Emily’s face as tears begin to fall and a big smile forms...
text: She has a happy cry... She is free... She feels alive...
text: Emily thinks to herself... Everything she’s been through.... All
text: the tragedy she’s experienced... All the beauty, too... It’s all
text: one, and we’re all connected... That’s life and it’s beautiful...
text: The music continues to build as we PUSH IN behind Emily with her
text: hands in the air. She looks like she is flying....
dialog: The beat hits:
text: Colors fill the screen...
dialog: The same that we saw at the beginning and middle of the film.
text: Now, they are all combined and flow in and out of each other in one
dialog: cosmic glow...
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
