scene_heading: WE_BOUGHT A ZOO
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN MEE
text: Is dressed in a protective Hazmat suit. He is covered in
text: Killer Bees. We hear the voice of a 14 year-old boy,
text: Benjamin’s son. His voice cracks with adolescence.
speaker_heading: DYLAN’S VOICE
dialog: My dad is a writer who specialized
dialog: in adventure.
text: Benjamin speaks into a tape-recorder.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I’ve got hundreds, maybe thousands
dialog: of Killer Bees all over me, right
dialog: now. If I wasn’t wearing this
dialog: suit, I‘d be dead in an instant.
speaker_heading: A PASSPORT
text: Each page, covered in stamps.
speaker_heading: DYLAN’S VOICE
dialog: He interviewed dangerous dictators.
speaker_heading: HUGO CHAVEZ
text: Speaks emphatically to Benjamin Mee.
speaker_heading: CHAVEZ
dialog: {in subtitles)
dialog: Take this message back to America!
dialog: I have a ten billion-dollar oil
dialog: loan from China ~- deal with it!
text: ON A SWIRLING MASS OF ANGRY CLOUDS
text: A plane surges through a lethal hurricane.
speaker_heading: DYLAN’S VOICE
text: He even flew into the center of
dialog: Hurricane Charley. It was a
dialog: Category Four storm.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT
text: Benjamin, bouncing wildly, looks completely alive.
speaker_heading: DYLAN’S VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: He knew the ins and outs of strange
dialog: and exotic adventure... backwards
dialog: and forwards. But nothing prepared
dialog: him for this one.
scene_heading: INT. BENJAMIN MEE’S KITCHEN -— MORNING
text: We see a young girl’s feet in Reindeer slippers. ‘Then
text: Dylan’s sneakers, hand-drawn with artwork. Then Benjamin’s
text: bare feet. Their dog, LEON, winds through the morning chaos.
text: Dylan’s sneakers step on his tail. The dog yelps.
text: Benjamin Mee tries to negotiate breakfast as a single father.
text: His lively daughter, ROSIE, is 6. DYLAN, 14, looks like a
text: young Tim Burton.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Daddy! I can’t have this milk.
dialog: I’m lactose intolerant.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I know that --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Mom always gave me Almond Milk.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
text: These waffles are not gluten free.
dialog: Dad, you didn’t read the label.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: id morning?”
scene_heading: INT. BENJAMIN’S CAR -- MORNING
text: Benjamin is late, he’s got Subway sandwiches in the car,
text: stuffing them into lunch-bags as he drives.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: So what are you telling me, Dylan?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I didn’t do the work.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You have to focus. If you focused
dialog: on your homework like you focused
dialog: on your artwork, you’d have it all.
dialog: As it is —-
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Hey Dad --
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (to Dylan)
dialog: -~ you‘re going to get an F!
text: Dylan drops a truth bomb.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Dad. Nobody’s going to give an “F”
dialog: to a guy whose Mom died six months
dialog: ago.
scene_heading: EXT, FRONT OF SCHOOL -- MORNING
text: Benjamin unloads. A wheel comes off Dylan's pack.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Shi...
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Owe me a dollar!
text: Benjamin is barely able to balance the swirling duties.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I didn’t complete the word -~
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I got it, Dad. I got it.
scene_heading: ON SCHOOL MOTHERS
text: Watching nearby. They share a look at each other, evaluating
text: Benjamin’s lack of parenting ease. One holds a Hello Kitty
text: bag. Another wears the perfect sweats and Jackie O shades.
text: They have mothering down to a designer—accessorized science.
text: One of them is sentimental. She holds a Pyrex dish as she
text: watches Benjamin get his kids through the school’s front
dialog: loor.
scene_heading: SENTIMENTAL MOTHER
dialog: Mr. Mee! I thought maybe...
text: She pushes the Pyrex towards him.
speaker_heading: SENTIMENTAL MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: ++. Lasagna.
text: Benjamin takes it and thanks her silently. He looks at the
text: Pyrex dish. She sees he still wears his wedding ring.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Thank you so much. I’11 get this
dialog: dish back to you --
scene_heading: SENTIMENTAL MOTHER
dialog: ~- in time. In time.
text: He nods. It‘s the sympathy conversations that he finds
text: hardest. Rosie waves to him, knowing somehow that wave was
text: exactly what he needed, at that exact moment. He waves back.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN DIEGO STREET -- DAY
text: Benjamin and his brother, DUNCAN, 30's, walk the business
text: courtyard near Duncan's office. It's lunchtime busy. Duncan
dialog: and Benjamin have a unique way of speaking. Somehow, long
text: ago, they settled on a rhythm of offering noble
text: pronouncements to each other.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Benjamin. I_have arrive
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Tell me, Dunc.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: I think you should call that girl
dialog: we met at Jamba Juice.
text: Benjamin looks slightly horrified.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Benjie, she was a stunner.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: She wasn’t beautiful like my
dialog: Katherine.
text: Duncan has stopped. Their favorite donut place is closed.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: “Closed temporarily for
text: renovations.” Bernie's hungover
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: A “stunner?” Really?
text: Benjamin scoffs.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: All right, let’s think, there’s...
dialog: well, how about Neal’s?
text: Duncan indicates a place nearby, on the corner. It’s Neal’s,
text: a coffee shop with cool wooden booths. Benjamin stiffens
text: noticeably, won’t even look at the place.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Dunean.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Look, the world is going to get
dialog: very small if you don’t go to any
dialog: places where you guys uséd to go.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I met her there.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Oh Jesus, I’m sorry. That’s right.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I gotta get back to work anyway.
dialog: We’ll go out later this week.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Okay then.
text: Benjamin starts to go, but Duncan grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Benjie. Let a little sunlight in.
dialog: Human interaction is a good thing.
dialog: It‘ll help you start again. You
dialog: need _to start again.
text: He holds his fist out for a bump.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on. It’s the new “high-five.”
text: Benjamin reluctantly bumps.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I miss the high-five.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: You “miss” everything. Stop it!
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (courtly)
dialog: I will attempt to “start over.”
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: I love you, my brother.
text: They hug. And they do love each other. A lot.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Thanks man.
text: Benjamin strides away.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Benjie!
text: Benjamin turns. Duncan spreads his arms, it’s a beautiful
text: day. He demonstrates the art of “basking.”
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (CONT‘D)
dialog: “Sunlight!” “Human interaction!“
dialog: Benjamin bows. I got it.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (CONT‘D)
dialog: "Joy!"
text: Benjamin pauses to admire his brother -- who roots for “Joy”
text: like it’s a football team. He smiles and turns.
scene_heading: INT. SAN DIEGO UNION ELEVATOR —- DAY
text: Benjamin stands in the workplace elevator. He looks over at
text: a WOMAN, who nods with sympathy. He nods back. Then at
text: ANOTHER WOMAN. She nods, with understanding sympathy. He
text: returns a small smile. Then he looks at a MAN, who looks at
text: him with obliging sympathy. It’s getting to be too much.
scene_heading: INT. COPY DESK -- DAY
text: Benjamin meets his editor, DELBERT McGINTY, 50’s. McGinty is
text: old-school, patches on the elbows of his coat. Last of a
dialog: dying breed.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Alright, McGinty, so get this. I
dialog: go to the Volcano eruption site.
dialog: I_tak ids. And I write
dialog: about... the end of the world, from
dialog: the point of view of the generation
dialog: that will save it. And we do a
dialog: whole thing about life being
dialog: elemental, and all the software and
dialog: laptops and apps in the world can’t
dialog: change it, and the piece is called,
dialog: get this... i-Pocalypse.
speaker_heading: MCGINTY
dialog: Wow. Just... wow.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: i see it as a series. Like the
dialog: Killer Bees.
speaker_heading: MCGINTY
dialog: That is bold stuff.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You‘re not going to say “yes” are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MCGINTY
dialog: (immediate, truthful)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Right. Okay.
speaker_heading: MCGINTY
dialog: Listen, I think we should give you
dialog: an online column. That way you’re
dialog: protected. If the paper goes down,
dialog: or gets sold, you're still safe.
dialog: You'll be virtual, you'll be
dialog: “viral”...
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Don’t keep me around out of...
speaker_heading: MCGINTY
dialog: I’m not -~
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: s+. out of sympathy. I hate
dialog: sympathy. I’m sick of sympathy.
speaker_heading: MCGINTY
dialog: {sympathetic}
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You know what ——
speaker_heading: MCGINTY
dialog: Bad things happen. You just keep
dialog: going.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: -- I quit.
speaker_heading: MCGINTY
dialog: Benjamin.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: No. I’m not going to sit around
dialog: here and spin my wheels and live in
dialog: a state of... of sponsored pity.
speaker_heading: MCGINTY
dialog: Please, just let me lay you off so
dialog: you get the benefits.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: That is more sympathy. No! I
dialog: resign. And I love you, and your
dialog: patched elbows, and I salute you,
dialog: and all our good times together,
dialog: and I quit.
text: His cell-phone rings.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL -- DAY
text: Benjamin moves importantly up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. PRINCIPAL’S OFFICE -~ DAY
text: Benjamin sits in the chair next to his son. Together they
text: stare straight ahead. A breeze blows the hand-crank window
text: back and forth. Squeak, squeak, squeak.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Classy. Real classy.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
text: They left the cash box right out on
dialog: the counter. Kinda their fault if
dialog: you think about it.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Three suspensions in one semester.
dialog: That’s got to be some kind of
dialog: record.
text: Benjamin stares at the squeaky window.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Maybe I’il get a prize.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Was that a joke? Could you
dialog: possibly be making a “joke” right
dialog: now? Because if you think --
dialog: (re: the window)
dialog: JESUS, that’s annoying.
text: Benjamin gets up and walks over to the window. Dylan watches
text: him work at it. The PRINCIPAL walks in. Sees lan sitting
text: alone. Dylan gestures to the window. Benjamin has already
text: got the window unhinged and is working on it. He looks up.
text: They're staring at him.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
text: The window frame was loose.
dialog: Tightening it for you. Just... one
dialog: second...
text: He uses his car-key screwdriver.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
text: I‘m fine with my squeaky window,
dialog: Mr. Mee.
text: Benjamin abandons the window.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Besides today’s theft, there is a
dialog: darkness here that we should deal
text: with. Mr. Devereaux, Dylan’s art
dialog: teacher, wanted you to see his wall
dialog: mural.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL WALL ~- DAY
text: They walk along a pleasant row of large-sized student murals.
text: Sunflowers. A portrait of Bob Marley. A treatment of the
text: word “Love,” and then... a very dark portrait of humanity
dialog: that only Francis Bacon could love.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Guess which one is your son.
text: Benjamin stares at this horrible portrait.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL (CONT'D)
dialog: We are a three strikes school, Mr.
dialog: Mee. Today was his third strike.
dialog: I'm sorry we have to expel Dylan.
dialog: But_as one parent to another, I
dialog: would examine his inner life.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT —- AFTERNOON
text: They walk in silence. Benjamin barely keeps a lid on.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: It’s like he was expelling me for
dialog: my artwork.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: No. He wasn’t expelling you
dialog: because of your artwork. I can
dialog: almost live with the artwork. I
dialog: mean, if Charles Manson needed a
dialog: personal muralist, you would
dialog: definitely have the job... if the
dialog: devil himself came back and started
dialog: a singing career, walk away, this.
dialog: wou. hi: cover, but no...
dialog: no, he wasn’t expelling you for
dialog: your artwork. He was expelling you
dialog: because you stole. You stole.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: Benjamin takes the sad dish of Lasagna and opens the
text: refrigerator. The dish joins stacks of dishes of Lasagna and
text: other sympathy food gifts. Nearby, Rosie is making peanut-
text: butter-and-jelly sandwiches for tomorrow. She has taken on
dialog: “wifely” duties -- even at 6.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: One day you’re going to have to eat
dialog: some of that Lasagna, Daddy.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Honey...
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Or throw it away.
text: Benjamin sits down and sighs. He watches her carefully
text: putting the sandwiches in Ziploc bags.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: +++ what happened to your playdate?
dialog: Why didn’t you want to go to
dialog: Sadie‘s?
speaker_heading: ROSTE
dialog: No reason. Just lots to do here.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Hey Rosie. Am I doing anything
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: You‘re handsomer than the other
dialog: dads. A lotta them don’t have
dialog: hair. So that’s good.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: What if I go bald?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: We'll call those numbers on the
dialog: t.v. ads, where the men grow bald-
dialog: guy hair.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Good. I’m gonna take baldness off
dialog: my list of stuff to worry about.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Good!
text: She checks an imaginary box. He smiles. she labels the
text: lunches in her 6 year-old scrawl.
scene_heading: INT. DYLAN’S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Benjamin looks in. Asleep, Dylan looks much younger and more
text: serene. Benjamin moves to his kid, pushes aside the mod
text: hair, and kisses his forehead.
scene_heading: INT. ROSIE'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: He kisses Rosie’s forehead. Rises up. Stuffed animals are
text: piled around her, she looks like one of them.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM -— NIGHT
text: Benjamin washes his face before bed. He sees the other wash—
text: basin in the bathroom. It’s Katherine’s basin. Her skin
text: creams. Her brushes, Her medicine. All still there. A
text: note in her handwriting, the hours and times to take
text: medication. He holds onto the sink basin and can barely
text: stand up straight.
speaker_heading: ROSIE (0.S.)
dialog: Daddy, I can’t sleep... The
text: neighbors again.
text: He turns to face her, smiling and calm.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Aw honey...
text: He goes to the window. The Neighbors. Their music is loud.
text: Their laughter is loud.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
text: Their “happy” is too loud.
text: He turns to her. An idea has arrived.
scene_heading: INT. CAR -- NEXT MORNING
text: A long-faced REAL-ESTATE MAN attempts small talk.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: We have a full day of house hunting
dialog: Planned, and I think you’ll be very
dialog: excited at what’s available -~
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: «+. we need “new”. New schools,
dialog: new opportunities. New.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: I think you'll find that in our
dialog: current economic environment, the
dialog: buyer is King.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: King Daddy!
text: Rosie is still in her pajamas.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: (humorless)
dialog: Where to first, “King Daddy?”
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I’d like a big yard, something
text: substantial, some rolling hills,
dialog: just whatever comes to mind when I
dialog: say “new.”
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: Rolling hills might be hard in the
dialog: eity.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: They don’t even have to roll. They
dialog: can be stationary hills. Right,
dialog: Rosie?
text: Rosie has a seat-belt on her stuffed dinosaur. She’s eating
text: animal crackers, leafing through the real estate binder.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I wish Dylan had come with us!
dialog: This is fun!
text: The Real-Estate Man remains humorless.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: Our adventure begins.
speaker_heading: ON A HOUSE
dialog: Not quite right.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: No.
scene_heading: ON ANOTHER HOUSE
dialog: Very not right.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: No!
text: ON YET ANOTHER HOUSE
dialog: Perfect, white-picket fence. (We are getting more rural.)
speaker_heading: ROSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mmmm. No.
scene_heading: ON STILL ANOTHER HOUSE
text: With overgrown lawn.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN/ROSIE
dialog: No. Not quite.
text: The Real-Estate Man is unamused. Benjamin and Rosie’s
text: repartee is not his style.
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: REAL—ESTATE MAN
dialog: We are now running out of options.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Dad.
text: Benjamin turns to see that Rosie has found a flyer from deep
text: in the back-seat binder. She presents it grandly.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE -- LATER DAY
dialog: We are definitely out of town.
scene_heading: INT. CAR -~ LATER DAY
text: Benjamin clutches the listing with growing excitement.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: ++. what would we do with 18 acres?
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: I have to be honest. The Rosemoor
dialog: property has some challenges.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: What. doesn’t?
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: True, but this situation is, I’m
dialog: going to offer this word --
dialog: “unique”...
text: Benjamin sees the road leading to the property.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Wait a second. Is that it?
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: Yes. And —
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Rosie, look.
text: Their faces press against the car window. Music. A small
text: tingle, a single instrument playing a melody —- our Theme.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSEMOOR PROPERTY ~- LATER DAY
text: We pass through a tree-lined entrance. It’s enticing... an
text: artfully run-down American Colonial house... rolling hills...
text: a property gloriously in need of love... maybe even them. In
text: here is a masterpiece. As music continues.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY -- LATER DAY
text: Benjamin, holding Rosie (and her dinosaur and a small purse)
text: on his shoulders, looks at the property.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: Mr. Mee, we need to talk...
text: Benjamin ignores the Real-Estate Man, moving closer to the
text: house. Above him, Rosie reaches for her purse and withdraws
text: a small kiddie camera. Music grows, their hearts pound. He
dialog: feels destiny.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You don’t have to take a picture,
dialog: Rosie.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (very simply)
dialog: Because we’re going to live here.
scene_heading: EXT. DOORWAY -- LATER DAY
text: The Real-Estate Man fiddles with keys.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: This is exactly what we've been
dialog: looking for.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: Well, let’‘s not get ahead of
dialog: ourselves...
text: The door opens, and Benjamin and Rosie bound past him. The
text: house is musty, but crackles with promise.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM --— LATER DAY
text: Benjamin and Rosie are in the master bedroom. Rosie peers
text: out the window at the landscape, her head just clearing the
text: sill. The Real-Estate Man joins them.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: It’s perfect. Why didn’t you tell
dialog: us about it earlier?
scene_heading: REAL~ESTATE MAN
dialog: It’s a bit complicated.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Complicated is okay. Complicated
dialog: can be great. We love complicated,
dialog: don‘t we, Rosie?
text: Rosie nods, as if she had any idea what that meant.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: So what‘s so complicated about this
dialog: place?
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: You see, it’s... it’s um...
text: The Real-Estate Man hems, not quite sure how to put it.
speaker_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: --. frankly, it’s...
text: We hear a loud, bone-rattling crushing ROAR. So loud, so
text: intense, it sounds like it’s in the same room with them.
speaker_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: w+. it’s a zoo.
scene_heading: EXT. LION ENCLOSURE -- LATER DAY
text: The Real-Estate Man, Benjamin and Rosie stand in front of
text: SOLOMON. Solomon happens to be a large African lion with a
text: majestic mane, standing at attention, studying these
text: strangers suspiciously. Benjamin and Rosie stare at the
text: awesome animal. Separated only by a small moat, alone in a
dialog: zoo, the relationship between man and animal gets a little
dialog: more... personal.
text: Solomon ROARS again. And this one, close-up, rips our heads
text: off. They collect themselves. Mournfully:
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: It was a fully functioning zoo
dialog: until two years ago and then it was
text: shut down. The estate is
dialog: maintaining it for now —-
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: But can’t I... I mean, if we bought
dialog: this place, we could just relocate
dialog: the animals, right?
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: Actually, the estate is selling it
dialog: with the stipulation that whoever
dialog: buys this place has to continue
dialog: caring for the animals. And
dialog: +--+. the remaining staff.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: If it doesn't sell soon, the
dialog: animals... will probably be...
text: He looks at Rosie, and Benjamin, as in ~- “put down.”
text: Benjamin shares a reality-~look with Rosie.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Well, thanks. I don't know
dialog: anything about zoos and animals.
dialog: It’s a great property, but no one
dialog: is going to buy it under those
dialog: conditions. I mean it’s a -~
scene_heading: REAL-~ESTATE MAN
dialog: -- exactly, and that’s why it’s
dialog: been on the market so long. And
dialog: why I didn’t show it to you.
text: Benjamin looks around, disappointed. His eyes fall downward.
text: He can no longer look at Solomon.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Well, it’s just... it’s too bad.
dialog: Alright. We'll keep looking. Come
dialog: on, Rosie, let's...
text: He doesn't see Rosie. For a moment, panic.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Rosiel!!
text: No sign of her.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Perfect. I keep her home from
text: school one day and she gets eaten.
text: The Real-Estate Man takes a few steps, and spots her in a
text: nearby clearing. He points.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
text: She's surrounded by a small crowd of peacocks and peahens,
text: spreading their fans in the air. She’s in the middie,
text: delighted, feeding them her animal crackers. Relaxed, happy,
text: carefree, a kid. Music returns. It’s Rosie’s Theme.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Boy, it’s a shame that we can’t
dialog: just...
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: Shot pushes in. Pure joy has returned to his life, in some
text: small way. He watches his daughter’s spontaneous romp with
text: these scrappy peacocks. Her happiness is breathtaking. He
text: sits down on a nearby stump, quietly overwhelmed.
dialog: 17.
text: There is no one to share this feeling with. The Real-Estate
text: Man is already trudging up the hill. Benjamin looks around
dialog: for someone, for Katherine, for anybody. He is at the
text: crossroads of a powerful life decision. He turns and finds
text: an understanding pair of eyes.
speaker_heading: SOLOMON
text: The Lion stares at him with ancient wisdom. His eyes say...
dialog: yes. Yes is the answer.
scene_heading: INT. DONUT SHOP ~~ DAY
text: Benjamin and Duncan hang at their donut place. He addresses
text: his brother carefully, like a jumper on a very tall ledge.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: I said... “human” interaction.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: It’s destiny, Dunc. The owner
dialog: died, the place fell into
dialog: disrepair, and the estate’s had
dialog: trouble unloading it. I'm telling
dialog: you, we can get a deal on it, too.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: A “deal?”
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: You've been through a difficult
dialog: stretch. This is what people do
dialog: when they have a you-know-what
dialog: happen in their life. They lose
dialog: their way a little bit, you know,
dialog: they go “hey ~~ I think I'11 quit
dialog: my Job and try something new with
dialog: my life.” And then they wake up
dialog: later and say, “Wow. I'm reall
dialog: glad my brother didn‘t let me blow
dialog: dad’s inheritance to ... "
text: Duncan leans forward, tired of playing along.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Or
dialog: fete) i i a ‘o
dialog: arest dk Est 7
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: But that person you’re talking
dialog: about, they didn’t see this place.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: By the way, there’s even a semi-
dialog: functioning restaurant on the
dialog: property. It’s called The Jaguar.
text: Duncan adjusts his brother’s coat. He is tender again.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: It's not your life, Benjie. You
dialog: got kids.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: According to the seller's estate,
dialog: you don’t need any specialized
dialog: knowledge to run a small zoo. Just
dialog: a lot of heart.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: And CASH. All your cash.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I've always wanted to run my own
dialog: business. Katherine and I talked
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Wait a second. Wait.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: The zoo makes 75 percent of its
dialog: revenue in the summer. All we have
dialog: to do is get Rosemoor open again by
dialog: Memorial Day and -—-
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: You're losing it. I gave you a
dialog: pass when you freaked out about
text: going to Neal‘s.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Hey. This isn’t about Katherine.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Please, I beg you. Do what others
dialog: do. Go to Vegas, lose a lot of
text: money. Travel through the stages
dialog: but stop before...
dialog: of grief -- but. sto .
text: zebras get involved.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: No zebras. Just a Lion, a Jaguar
dialog: and 47 other animals, 7 endangered
dialog: species. All of them, saved, when
dialog: we make this deal.
text: Duncan knows the die has been cast. He's horrified and
text: concerned and distraught.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Holy Jesus. That’s all I have to
dialog: say. Holy, and Jesus.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I haven't doubted this decision for
dialog: one second. Isn’t that crazy?
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: The kids will be so psyched.
scene_heading: INT. MEE'S KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: Rosie is serving dinner to the two men in her life.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You're freaking kidding me.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Don’t say “freakin” to me. Show
dialog: some respect.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: It's called the Rosemoor Animal
dialog: Park and it’s 18 acres and wait
dialog: until you see the animals.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: My friends are here, our life is
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I’m surprised at you. What did we
dialog: talk about, a new start, a new
dialog: place...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: That’s what you want. That’s not
dialog: what I want. But you‘re not asking
dialog: me, are you?
text: Rosie sets down a dish. Excited and enthralled.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: We bought the zoo?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: No -- we didn’t. He did.
dialog: 20.
text: Dylan pushes back his chair and exits. Benjamin sighs, looks
text: at Rosie, her face lit up.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: We bought a zoo!!!!
text: Benjamin and Rosie laugh with joy. Leon barks, cheerful.
scene_heading: INT. MEE‘S BEDROOM -- DAY
text: Benjamin packs. He's powered by destiny, can’t move fast
text: enough. He dumps a handful of clothes into a box marked for
text: Goodwill. Rosie walks over, looks in the box and fishes
text: out... a tattered college sweatshirt that says: USD. She
dialog: holds it up to him ~-- really?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Mommy used to wear this sometimes.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Yeah, it started out as mine, but
dialog: it’s all zipped up now so --
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: I know, it’s hard to throw stuff
dialog: out sometimes.
text: They regard the shirt.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I know. Keep it, right?
text: Benjamin looks at Rosie. She understands what this means.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: It’s time. Let that sweatshirt
text: start over.
text: He throws the sweatshirt into the Goodwill box. And then
text: holds up a severely tattered stuffed monkey.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I couldn't find the little Converse
dialog: shoes that he used to wear...
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Never. That we’re keeping.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (immediately)
dialog: Okay.
text: Benjamin laughs and throws the monkey on the keep pile.
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING VAN -- DAY
text: Benjamin is at the wheel of the moving van. Dylan draws in
text: the backseat, lost in his headphones, as Rosie’ bounces
text: happily. Benjamin intentionally drives past... Neal’s Coffee
text: Shop. He catches a view of the corner booth, disappearing
text: into his past. He says goodbye with a simple gesture that
text: only Rosie sees.
speaker_heading: HIS MEMORY
text: Brief, just a glimpse. A woman in the booth, turned away.
speaker_heading: ROSIE (0.S.)
dialog: We're here!
scene_heading: EXT. ROSEMOOR ENTRANCE —- RAINY LATER AFTERNOON
text: They turn down the driveway, and gain their first family view
text: of the Rosemoor property. In this gray rainy afternoon
text: light, it looks much less appealing. More scary and decrepit
text: than beautiful. leon whimpers, and yelps. Dylan lets out a
text: long judgmental whistle. Benjamin doesn’t notice. He only
text: sees the beauty. He will not be deterred. In fact, he’s
text: enthralled. He drives a victory lap around the property.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Look. The Jaguar Restaurant.
scene_heading: ON THE JAGUAR RESTAURANT
text: A place on the outskirts of the property. A girl, 15, (LILY)
text: arranges the letters on a small “do-it-yourself” neon sign in
text: the window. It reads: WELCOME BRAVE NEW OWNERS.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT‘D)
dialog: How great is that!?
text: He honks. Dylan notices the girl, who waves to them.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE -~ RAINY AFTERNOON
text: Benjamin, Rosie and Dylan help FOUR MOVERS unload the Mee’s
text: Van. Wolves are howling in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. BACK KITCHEN DOORWAY -- NIGHT
text: They open the door to the back kitchen entrance. This side
text: of the house needs a lot of work. They are hit with an
text: overwhelming smell.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Right, this is the storage side of
dialog: the house...
dialog: 22.
text: He consults a small “owner’s manual” for the home.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: --- this is where they stored the
dialog: snake food... dead rats...
dialog: stillborn chicks, that sort of
dialog: thing. Been reading up on
dialog: everything -- whew...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I miss our home.
text: Benjamin nods gamely. Shoves open the main residence door.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Alright! We’re in!
scene_heading: EXT. 200 ~~ MORNING
text: The STAFF is lined up at the entrance. They look at Benjamin
text: like an exotic species of animal. We meet the RAGGED CREW of
dialog: Zookeepers.
text: ELLIS, 65, is a tall man with a beanie and white beard.
text: ROBIN, 30, a worker. From Orange County. And their
dialog: spokesman is...
text: KELLY, 28, Head Zookeeper. Pretty, with to-the-bone
text: communication skills. She has a strong grip. Humans are not
dialog: her thing. She’s an animal person.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I‘m Kelly Foster, Head Zookeeper,
dialog: and over here is Robin, and Ellis.
dialog: Robin is our craftsman. Ellis is
dialog: our Visionary. He built the
dialog: enclosures that set the standard
dialog: for modern zoos all across America.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: (attempting modesty)
dialog: And the world.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: And the world. Yes, and he and
dialog: Robin do... well, basically
dialog: everything. And this is my cousin
text: Lily. She’s fifteen.
text: Lily has already met eyes with Dylan, who looks away quickly.
dialog: (She‘s a rural beauty, he’s a city curiosity.)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: She can’t legally work here so we
dialog: pay her cash under the table out of
dialog: ™My salary. She lives on the
text: property, works out of the Jaguar.
dialog: And that‘s... basically it. it’s
dialog: just us, Mr. Mee.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Great to meet you guys. I’m
dialog: Benjamin. This is Rosie, and this
dialog: is Dylan, my eldest. And, this is
dialog: our zoo now, I guess.
text: They look at him oddly. Not a particularly rousing speech.
text: He presses forward, searching for connection with them.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT‘D)
dialog: So I declare us all... Modern Day
dialog: Adventurers... and Sponsors of
dialog: Animal Greatness!
text: It’s not quite killing ‘em. He claps his hands together.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay! Onward!
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -- DAY
text: Benjamin, Rosie and Dylan walk through the zoo with the
text: STAFF. Rosie looks at everything with wonder. Dylan
text: follows, hands dug deep in pockets. Lily is an extrovert,
text: she sidles up to Dylan, sizing him up.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Uh, fourteen, I guess.
text: He feels comfortable and uncomfortable, at the same time.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Where are the otters? I‘d love to
dialog: see the otters and the snakes and
dialog: the monkeys.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (to Benjamin)
dialog: Listen, when you get a chance.
dialog: There are a few things we wanted to
dialog: jo over with you about our upcoming
dialog: inspection.
text: Benjamin flips through the paperwork, a quick study.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: That would be the -- the USDA
dialog: inspector. Walt Ferris.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: I’/1i kill him! 1'11 --
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Ellis. Stop.
text: Ellis stops. She has strange control over this white-haired
text: firecracker of a man.
text: The peacocks cross their path, several raising their fans and
text: displaying feathers.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: It doesn’t get old, does it?
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: What, the peacocks? Dumbest
dialog: animals in the place. And we're
dialog: overrun with ‘em. In the old days
dialog: we used to feed the extra ones to
dialog: the bears.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: (unconvincing)
dialog: Though nowadays that sort of thing
dialog: is frowned upon.
text: Rosie looks distraught.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Speaking of which, if I’m you, I‘m
dialog: keeping your dog —-
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Leon.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Leon needs to stay away from the
dialog: snake habitat. He’s got “lunch”
text: written all over him.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Got it.
text: He makes this note on his notepad. (The same red notepad he
text: used as a reporter.) Lily lingers to walk next to Dylan,
text: still sizing him up. He tries to act casual, awkwardly.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER PATH/BEAR ENCLOSURE —- DAY
text: They arrive at the Bear Enclosure.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: And that’s Buster, a 650 pound
dialog: North American Grizzly. He was 770
dialog: but he’s been stressed. He’s
dialog: moody. We had him on Paxil, but we
dialog: can’t afford it anymore so he’s a
text: little depressed occasionally.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Hey Buster. Missing the meds?
text: Buster swipes at the air, viciously.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m on the natch too.
text: The Animal Keepers share some looks.
text: Lily leans over to Dylan, confiding privately:
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Talking to the animals has to be
dialog: done in a super specific way. He
dialog: doesn’t have it yet. He’ll learn.
text: Dylan nods. She's so interested in Dylan.
speaker_heading: LILY (CONT’D)
dialog: Where did you get your shoes and
dialog: how much did they cost?
scene_heading: EXT. STILL ANOTHER PATH/OTTERS -- DAY
text: We pass the Otters and the Monkeys.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Walter Ferris is a creep.
text: Benjamin shuffles through paperwork, makes a note.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: “Ferris -- Creep.”
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You can just talk to me, you don’t
dialog: need to make notes. Ferris shut us
dialog: down once before. We'd gotten a
dialog: little behind, as you know, with
dialog: this small staff...
text: They pass an enclosure with a homely creature who looks like
text: a large dark brown pig with an elephant snout. Rosie points.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That’s a tapir -- Ronnie.
text: Ronnie looks over at them. He locks eyes with Benjamin.
text: It’s a baleful, sincere look.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Poor guy. We've brought in female
dialog: tapirs but they won't have anything
dialog: to do with him.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Think he might be ugly for a tapir,
dialog: but it's kinda hard to tell.
text: Ronnie, eyes still on Benjamin, reaches his snout through the
text: fence. Benjamin reaches toward him, curious. Ronnie looks
text: at him, thoughtfully... and methodically wipes tapir snot all
text: over Benjamin's hand.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Ronnie... a pleasure.
text: Rosie laughs. Kelly offers a towel from her back pocket.
text: lan backs away, horrified at this new life. Behind him,
text: Lily is still riveted on this new kid from the city.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Can we see the tigers?
scene_heading: EXT. TIGER ENCLOSURE -- DAY
text: They stand across the moat from three tigers -- two young
text: females and an older male, grizzled around the whiskers.
text: There is a weathered elegance about the older male. He is
text: SPAR, and he walks gingerly across the exhibit, a bit creaky,
text: but filled with a grand sense of supremacy. Everyone, even
text: the keepers, view these tigers with a sense of awe. Even
text: Dylan draws closer with interest.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I thought they would roar. Like
dialog: Solomon the Lion.
text: Kelly is slightly annoyed by this constant misconception.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Tigers and Lions -- very different.
text: Tigers don’t really growl or roar,
dialog: they “chuff.”
text: Kelly skillfully demonstrates, making the sound, which sounds
text: like blowing a raspberry, using her top lip.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: You chuff at them, they chuff back.
text: She chuffs to the tigers. The tigers gently chuff back at
text: Kelly. Kelly turns to Rosie.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: You do it.
text: Rosie tries. Nothing. Then tries again. Spar looks over at
text: her, and chuffs back. Rosie’s eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT’D)
dialog: That... is Spar, the oldest. He's
dialog: 17. He’s a Siberian Tiger. You
dialog: know, tigers have special sensors
text: along the front of their two-inch
text: canines. They can detect the pulse
dialog: in your aorta. When they attack,
dialog: they bite you, take your pulse with
dialog: their teeth, reposition those
dialog: suckers, and boom, there goes your
dialog: carotid.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Wow!
text: Boom. We hear the sound of a gunshot.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: What was that --
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: One of our Lionesses. Lung cancer.
dialog: The vet said -- it’s time.
text: Benjamin looks around. No Ellis.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Ellis did that?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (neds)
dialog: Life around here is pretty
dialog: elemental.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Can we go back to the house, now?
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -~ DAY ~- MINUTES LATER
text: Benjamin, Rosie and Dylan walk up the hill. Kelly joins.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: -- there are a few decisions you’11
dialog: have to make right away, Ben.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Benjamin. Ben was my dad.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Spar, who you just met, the tiger,
dialog: is going to need some extra care.
dialog: We need to have him seen by the
text: large animal vet from San Diego,
dialog: and he’s a fortune to get here --
text: Benjamin feels his budding altruism.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Fine. Set it up.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: -- it’s expensive.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: He’s sick, he needs a doctor, so --
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: He’s also very old, Ben.... jamin.
dialog: Truth is, we don't know how much
dialog: longer.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Get the doctor. I/’11 pay.
text: She‘s impressed.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: What's next for today?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: Okay, we've got massive problems
dialog: with plumbing, antiquated wiring,
dialog: inadequate refrigeration for
text: storing the carcasses for the big
dialog: cats -- you don’t want to be there
dialog: on a hot day, you’1l pass out from
dialog: the smells -~
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Got it. Keep going.
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: Rickety posts. Beak rot on the
text: tortoises. A weak enclosure
text: between the Jaguars and the Tigers.
dialog: They don’t get along. And --
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Okay, enough. We'll start with the
text: cages.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: The... what?
text: She glares at him, incredulous.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: Posts in the cages.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Cages? They’re not cages. They're
dialog: enclosures. No one has called them
text: a cage in about a century.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Alright then --
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: My brief marriage? That was a
dialog: cage.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Not mine.
dialog: 29.
text: And now Kelly stops walking. She lets the others continue
text: on. She turns to him, dead serious.
speaker_heading: RELLY
dialog: I have a question.
text: Benjamin looks at her, ready for anything.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT’D)
dialog: You're some random guy, no one in
dialog: the zoo community has ever heard of
dialog: you. You know nothing about
dialog: animals, you’ve moved into a dump.
dialog: What regular person just 4p and
dialog: buys this place? Especially some
dialog: one with kids. Why?
text: He doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: You have no idea what we’ve been
dialog: dealing with here. We used to have
dialog: three times this staff. They quit.
dialog: I‘m 28, I never go out, I’m here
dialog: all the time. I’m here every day.
dialog: I had to move back with my mother.
dialog: I couldn't pay my mortgage. No one
dialog: gets paid, Ben... jamin. We're so
dialog: understaffed. We need volunteers.
text: He is stunned by her raw devotion to these animals.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: We need someone to really take
dialog: charge of this place. Or we, and
dialog: all these animals, are gone.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: So your question is --
speaker_heading: RELY
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Why’d you buy this place?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Why not?
text: He smiles and moves on. She stands still.
scene_heading: EXT. BENJAMIN’S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: A gentle wind whips at the trees by the window. At his seat
text: at Katherine’s old family table, Benjamin looks at the bills
text: spread out before him. The weight of it all hits him.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH -- NIGHT
text: Benjamin stands on the porch. He hears what few of us ever
text: hear. The sounds of a zoo, alive, at night. It’s a gorgeous
text: cacophony, instruments in a symphony. He’s falling in love
text: with his new life. And in the distance, the gentle sound of
dialog: laughter.
scene_heading: INT. DYLAN’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Dylan is still awake, listening to the unfamiliar noises too.
text: Carefully, he reaches under the bed and fishes around until
text: he finds what he’s looking for. A picture frame. It’s a
text: hoto of Dylan, Rosie and their mother, Katherine. (Her face
text: is obscured in the darkness.) He cradles it with everything
text: he’s got, and waits for sleep.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -- NIGHT
text: Benjamin squishes down the hill, through some mud, heading
text: towards the laughter.
scene_heading: INT. JAGUAR RESTAURANT -~ NIGHT
text: The restaurant at night is the hub of the place. It’s the
text: staff's hang-out, their clubhouse.
dialog: 31.
text: Lily works on the letters for tomorrow's sign in the window.
text: The restaurant is filled with artifacts and curios, including
text: a dartboard with a vain-looking man’s face on it. (It’s
text: Walter Ferris, the USDA Inspector. His face is also on an
text: ancient COFFIN in the corner.) Ellis, holding a whisky and
text: nursing a toothache, launches darts at the board. He speaks
text: to a few workers, as he pulls darts out of Ferris’ face.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Walter Ferris. I’11 kill him. I
dialog: will. I‘ll cut off his head with a
dialog: sword -- I’11 kill him without a
dialog: thought. And, he borrowed $500
dialog: from me in the 80's, and claims he
dialog: doesn’t remember. Crook!
text: Kelly is playing chess with Rob at the bar counter. She's
dialog: heard it all before. A few odd locals are here too. An old-
text: school big screen projection TV plays satellite soccer. A
text: stereo plays an old garage rock song from the 60’s. Ellis
text: wails along with it, as if it were a sea-shanty.
text: The door opens. Benjamin stands there, witnessing the party
text: he hasn’t been invited to. All stop and stare at him. He
text: decides to join them, uninvited, walking a few steps into the
text: place. It’s an awkward moment.
text: Until Ellis pulls out an empty chair with his foot and shoves
text: it Benjamin’s way.
speaker_heading: ELLIS (CONT'D)
dialog: {a bit drunk)
dialog: It's the most dangerous animal in
dialog: the forest! The Adult Boomer Male!
text: Benjamin smiles, tips an imaginary hat, and sits down. Kelly
text: points at her beer -- want one? Benjamin nods. He sings
text: along to the old song, along with Ellis.
text: Camaraderie continues, wordlessly, as they return to their
text: previous behavior. Kelly brings over the beer.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Here you go, Boss.
text: She sets it at his table.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Welcome to your zoo, Benjamin Mee.
text: She moves on with a smile.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -~ DAY
text: Benjamin, wearing new tool-belt and boots, takes a look
text: around the zoo. He takes a deep breath. A lot of work.
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: INT. PORCUPINE ENCLOSURE -- DAY
text: Benjamin walks purposefully into the Porcupine enclosure. He
text: repiaces a crumbling wooden post. Two PORCUPINES watch
text: calmly. He speaks to them, in a voice still slightly too
text: folksy and self-aware.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Hey Guys. You are going to love
dialog: your new enclosure. Look at the
dialog: quality of this new post -~
text: Benjamin calls over to Robin, carrying feed.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: They‘re so docile!
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Not at night.
text: Benjamin BANGS down a new wooden post.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: So you get wild at night, huh?
text: In a flash, one of the Porcupines wheels around and in
text: reverse, begins charging him with razor-sharp quills bared.
text: Benjamin HOPS the enclosure, pronto. He falls over the
text: fence, into a thicket of nettles. Nettles. Worse than
text: quills. Benjamin begins picking them out, painfully.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You don’t talk to them correctly,
dialog: Boss. Be real with them. They can
dialog: tell the difference.
text: Benjamin speaks to the Porcupine who shot him. He’s pissed.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You —- I’m never talking to you
dialog: again... you little glorifiel
dialog: rodent
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (without looking over)
dialog: Now you’re talking to him...
text: Benjamin is getting it, and loving the journey.
scene_heading: INT. BACKYARD —- DAY -- SAME TIME
text: Dylan is drawing on his sketch-pad in the backyard, and Lily
text: shows up with a basket of sandwiches.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Whatcha doing? You want a
dialog: sandwich?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (shy)
dialog: No, that’s okay.
text: She invites herself to sit next to him. He pretends to be
text: casual. She looks at his drawing, and at him.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: You got a nosebleed.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I know.
text: He continues drawing, and she uncomfortably studies his work.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: How’d you get the nosebleed?
text: He looks up at her.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
text: I slipped on the roof and banged
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: It’s a weird house.
text: She stares at his drawing.
speaker_heading: LILY (CONT‘’D)
dialog: I like your drawing.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: It’s a little dark. Where's the
dialog: sun?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
text: There’s no sun in the Underworld.
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I’m off at 4.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Cool.
text: She gets up to return to work.
dialog: 34,
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Alright so I might come back later.
text: Dylan remains focused on his work.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Okay.
text: She exits. He looks up. Already he misses her. Music.
scene_heading: ON BENJAMIN’S MUDDY NEW BOOTS
text: Hitting the ground.
scene_heading: INT. BENJAMIN’S OFFICE -- DAY
text: A mountain of paperwork is stacked in the middle of the desk.
text: It's so tall, it obscures most of Benjamin's body. Skinny
text: RHONDA THE SECRETARY, 20's, drops off another billing sheet.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD ~- DAY
text: Dylan draws. A clock by the backyard says 4:10 PM. Here
text: comes Lily with a basket of sandwiches. “She drops one off
text: for him, and exits. He opens it up and sees a note. It
text: reads: “Hi Dylan” along with a sunny drawing.
scene_heading: INT. BENJAMIN'S OFFICE -- NEXT DAY
text: The mountain of paperwork is now even bigger. We can only
text: see the top of Benjamin’s head. Rhonda drops two more
text: billing sheets onto the top of the stack.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD -— DAY
text: Dylan opens up the sandwich. There is a note for him. It
dialog: reads: Hil Have fun in the Underworld! L
scene_heading: BENJAMIN'S BOOTS
text: Broken in. Music ends.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Benjamin cooks dinner for his family. He serves corn on the
text: cob and potatoes.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I forgot to buy butter.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: That's okay, Dad.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: How important is butter to this
dialog: meal? I'll take a vote. Just keep
dialog: in mind, it’s ni miles a
dialog: to the grocery store. Is butter
dialog: worth your dad driving 18 miles?
dialog: Okay let’s vote.
text: They look at him. They miss butter.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY -~ NIGHT
text: Benjamin exits car, having driven 18 miles, returning with a
text: grocery bag. He sees Kelly, still at work.
speaker_heading: RELLY
dialog: Long day for you, Ben?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Tong day for you. You should go.
dialog: We'll take over -- we're good.
text: She looks at Benjamin, a dish-towel over his shoulder. Dylan
text: mopes out from the porch. Benjamin holds up the grocery bag
text: like a trophy.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: 18 miles for butter!
dialog: Dylan bows, thank you.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT‘D)
dialog: Where’s your sister? Is she with
dialog: the peacocks?
text: Dylan points. Of course she is. Rosie ambles up the
text: driveway, followed by her peacocks.
speaker_heading: ROSTE
dialog: Dad, Kelly, guess what? I gave
dialog: everyone a name.
dialog: (pointing to each peacock)
text: This is Lucy, and Wes, and Peaches
dialog: and Coco, and Doctor Lou, and
dialog: Jackpot.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That’s great! “Jackpot.”
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Honey, that’s great. What a great
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: But I'm talking with Kelly here,
dialog: she needs to go home and get some
dialog: time to herself. dust tell us
dialog: whatever we can do to finish up.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Are you sure?
text: He looks at her. Yes, sure. Kelly continues, in one breath.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay -— so you need to put some
dialog: water in the tiger habitat -- Spar
dialog: has some new medication, it’s in
dialog: his food, make sure he finished it.
dialog: Then turn off the lights in the
dialog: reptile enclosure. We got a big
dialog: shipment of African garter snakes,
dialog: you can leave those in the travel
dialog: crate, they’ll go into the exhibit
dialog: tomorrow.
text: She’s so relieved to have remembered everything.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, and the monkeys need fruit.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Kelly. Have fun, go out. Go into
dialog: the city...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Think I'll just go to my pillow.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Goodnight.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You too Benjamin.
text: She stops.
speaker_heading: KELLY {CONT’D)
dialog: I forgot that thing you wanted me
dialog: to remember for you.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Go home!
text: He is touched by her determination, as she finally exits. He
text: stands tall on the porch.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO —- NIGHT
text: The kids follow Benjamin across the zoo — Rosie happily,
text: Dylan begrudgingly. Doing chores.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: «+. IT have a sick amount of
dialog: homework tonight.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Yeah. Unhuh. Let’s go. Rosie and
dialog: I are going to give the tigers some
dialog: water... Dylan you head over to the
dialog: snake enclosure and make sure the
text: lights are off in the side room.
dialog: They need darkness.
scene_heading: INT. TIGER ENCLOSURE/BACK ROOM -- NIGHT
text: This is where the tigers sleep at night. Rosie watches
text: Benjamin put water in the tiger enclosure. Benjamin looks at
text: Spar. He talks to the animal soothingly, with growing skill.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You take your meds, Old
dialog: Man?
dialog: (he checks)
dialog: Good. Gotta keep taking those
dialog: pills, or Kelly’1ll drive ya nuts.
text: He leans forward, tells him a secret.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I think she likes you guys more
dialog: than she likes people. Whaddya
dialog: think?
text: Spar lazily blinks his eyes at her. Rosie laughs softly,
text: appreciating them both.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
text: He looks tired, Dad.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: He’s going to be okay.
text: Spar looks at Benjamin.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Aren’t you, Buddy?
text: Spar blinks. He rolls over slightly, stretching happily.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: See? He likes us.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Dylan really loves you, you know.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: He's just mad that his friends
dialog: don’t visit him here. He thought
dialog: they'd all visit and nobody came.
text: Benjamin nods to himself.
scene_heading: EXT. REPTILE HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Dylan walks in, looks around. The room is filled with life.
text: The reptiles perch on fake trees and watch him, curious. He’s
text: about to switch off the lights in the back room when he sees
text: the plastic travel crate. From the grated side he can see --
text: dozens of snakes, waiting to be put into the habitat. It’s
scene_heading: Marked: AFRICAN GARTER SNAKES, NON-VENOMOUS.
text: Dylan slowly opens the box and looks inside. The box is
text: alive with flicking tongues and anxious slithering garter
dialog: snakes. It‘s one thing to draw them, another to see them up
text: close. Yeesh. He shuts it quickly, leaving it mistakenly
text: ajar. He turns off the light, and exits. The room is
text: erackling with life, as snakes begin to drop from the crate,
text: onto the floor.
scene_heading: INT. ROSIE'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Benjamin puts Rosie to bed. She nestles in among the stuffed
text: animals, and pillows. Some fans are blowing.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Could you possibly point another
dialog: fan at me?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Rosie, you have three fans blowing.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I like it!
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I‘m serious here. All this wind
text: blowing. When does Beyonce step in
dialog: and start shooting her next video?
dialog: In your bedroom.
text: Rosie is delighted.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: You’re funny.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: And you. Lost in those pillows.
dialog: We have to get Ellis! And Rob and
dialog: ody to burrow down there and
dialog: pull you out. Guys! Help!
text: She burrows down deeper, laughing, can’t get enough.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Your “happy” is too loud!
dialog: She squeals!
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Where did you go? I can hear you,
dialog: uw
text: He reaches into her stash of pillows and finds... the old USD
text: sweatshirt that belonged to Katherine.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: —- well how about this? our old
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Just thought we should keep it.
text: Benjamin decides to speak honestly to her, too. Just as with
text: the animals, he is finding his voice in every way.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You are so much like your mother.
dialog: I hope she knows what we're doing
dialog: here... she does, right? I know
dialog: we're helping Dylan. Right?
text: He worries he’s shared too much, and then realizes... she’s
text: already asleep. He reaches down to kiss her.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE -- NEXT MORNING
text: Benjamin and Rosie pack lunches and backpacks. The morning
text: drill. Dylan ambles in.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: We gotta go! We gotta go!
text: Dylan yawns. Way behind, and not worried about it.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I wish it was Saturday night.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Me too. Unfortunately it‘s Monday
dialog: morning. Can we move it?
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (mutters)
dialog: You're funny with other people, but
dialog: never with me. Which I find funny.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Here’s what’s not funny. I have to
dialog: drive you 40,000 miles to your
dialog: school. Move.
text: Dylan sleepily reaches for Orange Juice.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Dylan likes Lily.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (older brother wisdom)
dialog: Please. She‘s way older than me.
dialog: It doesn’t work that way.
text: Shutting the refrigerator decor, he looks out the window. He
text: is very suddenly awake. He freezes at what he sees.
speaker_heading: , a ean (CONT’D)
dialog: I'm a dick.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (sharply)
text: Benjamin moves to him, then sees what he sees.
scene_heading: POV ~-— BENJAMIN AND DYLAN
text: Garter snakes are moving in force across the front lawn.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT LAWN NEAR DRIVEWAY -- DAY
text: Rosie watches from the porch, fascinated and more than a
text: little creeped out. Benjamin, Kelly, Robin... and Dylan
text: chase snakes across the lawn. The snakes are sneaky and fast
dialog: and hard to catch.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I don’t get it, Dylan. How do you
dialog: let this happen?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: There is nothing you could say to
dialog: me that would be as harsh as what
dialog: I‘m saying to myself, Dad.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Oh I_disagree.
text: Dylan shakes his head. Benjamin feels instantly rotten.
dialog: 4i.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I just want you to be happy.
dialog: Unless you don't want to be happy.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: What‘s so great about being happy?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (isn’t it obvious)
dialog: That you‘re happy!
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I'm sorry I effed up the box of
dialog: snakes. Whatever.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Hey. You don’t say “effed” up with
dialog: me. Okay? We don’t “hang out,
dialog: man.” I'm your father.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Okay, got it. Whatever.
text: Kelly watches all.
text: Nearby, on the porch, Rosie looks down. There is a snake at
text: her feet. She SHRIEKS.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN -- DAY
text: Benjamin and Kelly load Spar the Tiger’s dinner of fresh
text: carcasses into two wheelbarrows.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I don’t think we lost any snakes,
dialog: Ben. Jamin.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I think we got ‘em all.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: And hey. Pretty sure this is none
dialog: of my business... she said, butting
dialog: into his business...
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: We've captured snakes together, I
dialog: think it’s okay.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What do I know? I’m 28, and I live
dialog: with my mother, but...
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Say it.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I know he’s your kid and you love
dialog: him, and all.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Yes, it’s my legal responsibilit:
dialog: to love him. ¥
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: But if I talked to my father the
dialog: way he talks to you... he would
dialog: have throttled me into next week.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Mine too. And I would have
dialog: understood why.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What happened to manners, man?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Look, the kid is fourteen. He’s
dialog: been through something no kid
dialog: should ever have to go through. I
dialog: gotta give him more time before
dialog: eee
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: -+- knocks over a 7/11? Come on.
dialog: Everybody’s got excuses.
text: He gives her a look. A line she should not cross.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Just fire me. I won’t leave, but
dialog: you can fire me.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I‘m not going to fire you.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You can’t fire me. You haven’t
dialog: even paid me.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Well -- that’s true. But I will by
dialog: Friday.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (imitates Dylan well)
dialog: “Whatever.”
text: Benjamin smiles quietly.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: We have arrived at the epicenter of
dialog: your sense of humor.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: See -- it’s there.
text: She is appealingly self-aware. They arrive at the Tiger
text: Enclosure. Benjamin prepares himself, uses his key to enter.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You sure they’re in the pen?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Put ‘em there myself, this morning.
scene_heading: INT. TIGER ENCLOSURE -- DAY
text: We see SPAR, in the small pen at the side of the enclosure,
text: sitting in the shade. He blinks his eyes lazily as he
text: watches Benjamin and Kelly look up at a large tree in the
text: middle of the habitat.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: There must be an easier way to do
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: It’s better for them if they hunt
dialog: for their food.
text: They regard the tree.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT’D)
dialog: I‘1l do it if you want.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: No, I’m a quick learner.
text: Benjamin climbs the tree. Spar watches, looking amused.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Spar)
dialog: Hey.
text: Benjamin hangs over the enclosure, the animal looking up with
dialog: amusement and hunger.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I’m going to recommend not falling.
text: The other Tigers whine and moan, ready to pounce.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: And if I were to fall?
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: Toast.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Some say the big cats are the most
text: finely tuned killing machines in
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (immediately)
dialog: Okay, enough.
text: Kelly reaches into the wheelbarrow and hands Benjamin a large
text: slab of animal carcass. He wedges it among the branches.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: There you go, Spar.
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: A little higher in the tree,
dialog: Benjamin.
text: Benjamin shimmies up higher. Almost slips, recovers
text: artfully. Spar rises unsteadily on his creaky legs.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (perfect voice)
dialog: Hey Spar. You want to see what
dialog: we're doing?
text: Amazingly, Spar lumbers closer, seemingly connected to
text: Benjamin’s invitation.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s right, Bud. Soon ali of
dialog: this will be yours. Minus the
dialog: “me” part of course.
text: The animal chuffs.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: How about that, Kelly? He listens
dialog: to me more than my own son...
text: Kelly is suddenly not paying attention. In the distance, she
text: sees A DARK VAN pulling up into the front courtyard.
speaker_heading: KBLLY
dialog: It’s the Feds. Walter Ferris.
scene_heading: INT. JAGUAR RESTAURANT -— DAY
text: Lily on the walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Mayday... Mayday...
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: EXT. TIGER ENCLOSURE ~- DAY
text: Benjamin is still in the tree, as Kelly whips out her walkie.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I thought the inspection was a week
dialog: before we open --
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (eyes narrowing)
dialog: Looks like a “hello” visit.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: We're not even close to ready.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Just be yourself. He drinks a lot
dialog: of coffee -- and you must ignore
dialog: his angry stomach. In case it‘s
dialog: leud teday, you do not mention it.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Okay. Got it.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: And... most importantly...
dialog: (into walkie)
dialog: Keep Ellis away from him. We don’t
dialog: need bloodshed today.
text: Kelly prepares for battle, exiting to the gate.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Hey give me a hand here...
text: She’s already marching to meet Ferris.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: «++ 2°11 get down somehow.
text: He edges his way down.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT‘D
dialog: Enjoy your lunch, Spar. Minus the
dialog: “me” part, of course...
text: And he almost slips out of the tree, hopping onto the fence
text: and over the enclosure with stylish flair. The zoo life
text: becomes him. As Spar heads for lunch...
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD -- DAY
text: WALTER FERRIS, 45, exits the vehicle. He wears a blue-suit,
text: stylish tie. Benjamin rushes to meet him.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Benjamin Mee? Walter Ferris.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Pleasure.
text: Ferris smiles, looks around. Feels the wind. Creating
text: tension is a pleasing activity for Ferris.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT‘D}
dialog: Our official inspection happens a
dialog: week before we open, according to
dialog: my information.
text: Ferris leans forward. His stomach growls loudly. So loud
text: it’s jarring. Benjamin ignores it.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I‘m here for a “pop by,“ Mr. Mee.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Good, let’s schedule a “pop by.”
dialog: We just got here, Mr. Ferris. But
dialog: we'll be ready by September.
text: Ferris shakes his head arrogantly. The wind blows his
text: unfortunate hair. He looks around, as if waiting for one
dialog: more person.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: “Pop bys,” Mr. Mee, are by their
dialog: very nature... a surprise.
text: Ferris whips out his notepad.
text: Benjamin whips out his own notepad. It’s on.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ll be making notes today, in
dialog: preparation for the actual
dialog: inspection. But we’re responsible
dialog: for the upkeep, not just the
dialog: granting of licenses. Welcome to
dialog: the business of maintaining live
dialog: animals, Mr. Mee. It’s a real fun
dialog: party. Where’s the Zookeeper?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That‘s me Kelly.
text: Ferris looks her up and down. A touch salaciously. His
text: stomach growls loudly. Several exchange looks.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: notes have you as The Assistant,
dialog: with no formal training.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I moved up.
text: Ferris scoffs to himself, and is about to head down the hill.
text: He stops, and turns to Benjamin. With child-like derision
dialog: and a healthy regard for his own magnificence:
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Why would you buy this place?
text: Ferris shakes his head. The lack of wisdom in the world
text: frustrates him sometimes.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I just can’t get...
text: He makes a showy “lifting” gesture.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: --- a handle on it.
text: Ferris turns and heads down the hill, humming to himself.
text: Kelly looks at Benjamin. Here we go.
scene_heading: EXT. 200 PATH -- DAY
text: Benjamin and Ferris walk toward the enclosures. Kelly
text: follows.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I started right in with the posts
dialog: in the ca...
dialog: (catches himself)
dialog: -+-gein... closures. And we took
dialog: care of the beakrot in the
dialog: tortoises, which you know, I
dialog: thought was major...
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'm not a tortoise man. ‘Too
dialog: prehistoric for my taste.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Interesting. Well, my daughter
dialog: loves the peacocks. She has names
text: for them. Lucy, Wesley, Peaches,
dialog: Coco, Jackpot...
text: Ferris turns to Benjamin. His stomach growls. Out of the
text: rumbles, comes a short loud blast.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: They’re not zoologically
dialog: significant. Consider donating
dialog: some to other zoos.
text: Leon follows, barking.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (CONT’D
dialog: Domestics are strongly discouraged
dialog: on the property. I’ve noted the
dialog: Coon Hound, and now this creature.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Well we live here, so it’s tough --
dialog: go back, Leon.
text: Leon sadly heads back to the house. Ferris pops a Tum’s.
scene_heading: EXT. PATH -~ DAY
text: qhey walk by one of the fields. Benjamin and Ferris,
text: followed closely by Kelly.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: My five year plan is to bring a
dialog: giraffe ere one day. Once we open
dialog: and get some revenue in —-
text: Ferris laughs to himself. His stomach rumbles softly.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: A giraffe eats 40 pounds of leaves
dialog: a day. Do you have the trees? Do
dialog: you have the resources, or even the
dialog: space? I’d study the Sloane Animal
dialog: Park. They’re smart. They come to
dialog: me for advice. You see... I am
dialog: used to successful operations.
text: He walks out of frame. Kelly whispers to Benjamin.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I don‘t know how you keep your
dialog: cool.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (focused)
dialog: I keep it, because he wants me to
dialog: lose it...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Good work. How about that stomach?
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: EXT. MONKEY HOUSE ~- DAY
text: Ferris exits the Monkey House, making more notes.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: So far, your first priority is the
dialog: Monkey House, the holes in the
text: mesh... and the inadequate dumpster
dialog: fencing... reptile house, water
dialog: pressure insufficient... excessive
text: mulching in holding pens...
text: His stomach squeaks loudly.
scene_heading: EXT. LION ENCLOSURE ~- DAY
text: With arrogant flourish, Ferris whips out a tape measurer, and
text: shoots the tape across the moat. He’s like a fly fisherman
text: with his tape.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You know, a lot has been written
dialog: about the innovative design of this
dialog: enclosure. Built by Ellis -~
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I know all about Ellis. I’ve been
dialog: coming here leng before you. And I
dialog: W ‘gi .
text: He zips tape back up.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (CONT'D)
text: Eight inches short.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That's regulation.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: New guidelines are being raised
dialog: this year. And we raised the
dialog: barrier heights too. I'd make that
dialog: First Priority as well.
text: Benjamin makes a note. Ferris gazes at Kelly and lingers a
text: moment too long.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (CONT’D)
dialog: I_ see that one of these tigers is
dialog: 17 years of age --
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Yes, Spar had a bout with kidney
dialog: disease, but it’s in remission, now
dialog: we’‘re just dealing with some hip
dialog: dysplasia --
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Have you begun to draw up an end-of-
dialog: life plan?
text: Benjamin looks taken aback.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Part of the humane care of an
dialog: animal is planning for the —-
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: He‘s fine. We had the vet come
text: over from San Diego, take a look at
dialog: him, we're all good there.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: The end game on a big cat can be
dialog: quite costly.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I understand. He’s not going
dialog: anywhere soon, but thank you for
dialog: your concern.
text: Ferris pauses, looks around. His stomach growls deeply.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I guess I just don’t get how you
dialog: could call this “a home.”
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (directly)
dialog: Like this. It’s our home.
text: The directness shuts Ferris down.
text: He considers Benjamin a moment, then walks away. Benjamin
text: lingers behind. “Spar looks at Benjamin, sympathetic.
scene_heading: INT. JAGUAR RESTAURANT -- DAY
text: Ferris sweeps into the Jaguar.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Where is my friend Ellis?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
text: Somewhere.
text: Ferris looks around the place. The coffin no longer has his
text: picture on it. The dartboard doesn’t have his face on it.
text: He looks almost disappointed.
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY —~ DAY
text: Lily stands in front of a back-room door. There is a
text: knocking from inside.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I'm sorry, Ellis. The door is
dialog: stuck!
scene_heading: INT. GIFT SHOP -~ DAY
text: Ferris stands in the gift shop. A large PARROT CAGE is
text: nearby. The Parrot SQUAWKS LOUDLY.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: Noise. The Macaw is far too loud
dialog: for a public room this size. I'd
dialog: make that First Priority too.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: i agree. We’re building a new
dialog: housing for him.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (shuts book)
dialog: Do you have the budget to make
dialog: these changes?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Yes.
text: Ferris gives him a look of disbelief.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You know this won’t be a success.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: We disagree.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I understand what you’re trying to
dialog: do here...
text: Ferris shakes his head.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (CONT’D)
dialog: I just can’t get a...
text: He makes the theatrical “lifting” gesture again, pumping his
text: hand up and down.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: -«- a handle on it.
text: He exits.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: MACAW PARROT
dialog: “Can‘’t get a handle on it.” “Can’t
dialog: get a handle on it.”
scene_heading: EXT. Z00 -- DAY
text: Dylan has found a nook behind an unoccupied guest home on the
text: property. He’s drawing.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Found you.
text: Dylan looks at his watch. It’s 4 ‘o clock.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Hey.
text: She brings him a sandwich.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Whatcha drawing?
text: She looks at it.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You like it?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: So much bloodshed.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I gotta go. I have to feed more
text: people, and then the otters.
text: She exits. He opens up the sandwich. There is a drawing of
text: a girl (her} and a bubble that says: “Hi Dylan. I can’t
text: draw as well as you.” He laughs to himself. Throws it away.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY -~ ZOO ~-— DAY
text: Ferris disappears down the driveway, spewing gravel.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Twelve items are First Priority.
dialog: Two are Medium Priority. All of
dialog: them need to be fixed before he
dialog: returns in a month.
text: Ellis appears.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Where is he?
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: He just left.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: I‘ll kill him.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (ignores Ellis)
dialog: How much does this look like to
dialog: you, Rob?
text: Robin looks at the notepad.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Well, I‘d have to take a look, go
dialog: through it in an itemized way. “But
dialog: you're gonna have to put some more
text: skin in the game.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Robin. How much?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I’d say you’re looking at a buck-
dialog: fifty.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Yay! A dollar-fifty. I have it!
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: {darkly
dialog: Good. We’ll need it.
text: Rosie claps.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: I‘m going to take a little walk and
dialog: wrap my head around all this...
text: He gives them a “thumbs up,” and walks down the path, looking
text: at his notepad. Privately, Robin approaches Kelly.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Ferris lusts you.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Well, IT sure ain't gonna take one
dialog: for the team, if that’s what you’re
text: getting at.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I ain‘t getting at anything.
dialog: Believe me.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I heard that.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Shame about Boss, huh? He just got
text: here and now he’s thinking about
dialog: quitting.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Quitting? Where do you get that?
text: Robin points out Benjamin, down the road.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: That is the posture of a quitting
dialog: man.
scene_heading: BENJAMIN ~~ THEIR POV
text: Set against the beautiful backdrop, he looks stooped and
text: worried, Flipping through pages of his notebook.
text: Kelly watches him, and damnit. She realizes how much she
text: does not want him to leave.
scene_heading: INT. CAR -- DAY
text: Benjamin and Dylan ride together silently. Not speaking.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: How do they send someone home early
dialog: for “moodiness?”
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (moody)
dialog: I don’t know man, it’s a sensitive
dialog: school,
text: Benjamin sighs deeply. He rounds the corner, and stops at a
text: stop sign near the zoo. While he’s stopped, a surreal sight
text: plays out in front of their car.
text: It's a MASSIVE BROWN BEAR meandering across the road, like a
text: Pedestrian crossing in front of them. The bear stops, and
text: lumbers up to the window, stares at Benjamin, and then
dialog: continues.
text: Buster is loose.
text: Benjamin and Dylan continue staring straight ahead, bone
text: straight. Slowly, like the bear is in the car with him,
text: Benjamin carefully withdraws his mobile phone.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO HILLSIDE -~ DAY
text: Kelly springs up the hill towards the bear enclosure
text: clutching her cell phone, followed by Lily.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Buster... BUSTERI!!
text: They don’t hear anything.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Robin was up here, working on the
dialog: drainage, maybe he tripped the
dialog: latch —-
text: She pulls out her walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT’D)
dialog: Robin! Ellis, come in —-
dialog: {clicks off)
dialog: BUSTER!!!
text: We hear music, as we follow...
speaker_heading: BUSTER
text: Roaming free, happily. We're on his back as he moves down
text: the read. He is blissed out, moving fast. Out in front of
text: him, we see another car spot Buster fifty feet ahead of him,
text: slam on the brakes and make the fastest U-turn in history.
scene_heading: FOUR TRANQ GUNS
text: Three are pulled off the rack.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE -- DAY
text: Ellis, Robin, and Kelly move across the hillside, like a
text: ragged Wild Bunch. Music continues.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY -—— DAY
text: Benjamin and Dylan screech into the driveway. Benjamin runs
text: upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. ROSIE’S ROOM -- DAY
text: Benjamin enters, wild-eyed. His daughter is composed and
text: sitting on her bed.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Don’t leave your room.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (casually)
dialog: I know. Buster's loose. You'll
dialog: find him.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION/CONVENIENCE STORE -- DAY
text: A bored CLERK watches as Buster passes by one of the windows
text: and disappears. The Clerk squints. Huh?
text: And then, across the next window, much closer to the Clerk,
text: Buster reappears with a spare tire around his neck and
text: another one in his hand. He hurls it away with incredible
text: force, and disappears.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE ~- DAY
text: Buster on the hillside, waving his arms in povest freedom.
text: And then, like a man with much to accomplish, he moves on.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE -- DAY
text: Benjamin blasts through the brush with the fourth Trang Gun.
text: Others nearby. He heads deeper into the brush.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: {to others)
dialog: I‘1l take this side of the hill!
speaker_heading: KELLY (0.S5.)
dialog: I called the Vet from San Diego!
dialog: He‘1l be here with the Big Van...
dialog: but it’11 be expensive!
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (running, shouting)
dialog: I'll pay whatever it takes! We
dialog: sure don‘t need the publicity of an
dialog: escape... !
text: He suddenly stops. He sees what we don’t. And then, camera
text: drifts around to reveal... Buster is eight feet away.
text: Staring at him. Suddenly, all is calm.’ We hear the yelling
text: voices of the others, but there is utter silence between man
dialog: and animal here.
dialog: It could go either way.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Buster.
text: Buster looks at him curiously, and then starts to move
text: closer, sniffing the air. The scent is guiding him towards
text: Benjamin. Benjamin begins speaking in a very calm voice.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m not going to hurt you. Yes. I
dialog: had some lunch. Pizza.
dialog: 57.
text: Buster sneezes. And puts out his arm to the side as if
text: demonstrating something.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Gesundheit, buddy.
text: Benjamin demonstrates the same behavior. For a moment, it's
text: like two mimes showing off their moves. Buster looks
text: entertained by Benjamin. He’s comforted. Benjamin feels
dialog: deeply connected...
scene_heading: BENJAMIN -~ PROFILE
text: As Buster inches into frame, we truly grasp the explosive
text: power and size of the animal.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (nearby shouting)
dialog: Confirmation! He broke the latch
dialog: on the enclosure!!
text: Buster ROARS loudly.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I understand. I feel that way most
dialog: of the time.
text: We are now on the hair-trigger precipice of real violence.
dialog: This is not a “fun” bear. This is the real thing. And deep
text: inside, Benjamin feels like this may be the end.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t care about me. But you’1l
dialog: make my kids sad.
text: Buster looks at him understandingly, and what looks to us
text: like a depth of feeling.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Well... one of them for sure.
text: Something passes between them. And then...
speaker_heading: BAM
scene_heading: BAM BAM. BAM.
text: Buster gets a dazed look and crumples to the ground.
text: The others swarm closer, and all are suddenly on cell-phones.
text: We can hear the chatter.
speaker_heading: ROBIN KELLY
text: Benjamin was doing some hypno- Benjamin contained him. He’s
dialog: voodoo stuff on him —- okay.
dialog: 58.
text: Benjamin shrugs it off. He’s still in shock, really. He
text: looks down at the tranquilized bear who was, just moments
text: earlier, communicating deeply with him.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: He was toying with you, my boy.
dialog: That’s what they do before you
text: become chips and salsa.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: No, I think we were dancing.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
text: The last dance.
text: Benjamin ain’t buying it. He turns to Ellis with a thought.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: i saw him on the hillside. Utterly
dialog: Yee...
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: You're lucky.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Ellis. I want to make his
dialog: enclosure bigger.
text: He exits. &llis turns to Rosie and Dylan.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Your Dad just faced down a 750
text: pound North-American Grizzly Bear.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (wide-eyed)
dialog: I was supposed to stay in my room.
text: Dylan looks across, to Lily. Lily has begun to dress more
text: darkly, and wear make-up.
scene_heading: EXT. BEAR ENCLOSURE -- AFTERNOON
text: Kelly, Robin and Benjamin secure the completely unconscious
text: Buster into his enclosure. Dylan and Rosie watch from a safe
text: distance. The SAN DIEGO VET officiously withdraws a leather
text: case. With much fanfare, he withdraws a “field” credit card
text: machine. And presents Benjamin with a bill.
speaker_heading: VET
dialog: I take Visa. I prefer Mastercard.
text: Benjamin is still staring at the bill. The Vet puts a
text: reassuring hand on his shoulder.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: VET (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey. Nobody died.
text: Benjamin looks at him -- good point -- and slowly withdraws
text: his Zoo credit card. The Vet snatches it with an elaborate
text: flourish, runs in through the machine, gets the signature,
text: and leaves Benjamin with a receipt, all in a swirl of pomp.
text: He tucks the card machine into the leather case. It is his
text: ritual. The Vet exits. Benjamin feels drained, in almost
text: every way. He mumbles: “The World’s Most Expensive Vet...”
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: If you're serious about extending
dialog: the enclosure, I can start
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Benjamin lets out a quiet whistle.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Why not.
text: He has no idea where the money will come from. Ellis exits,
text: leaving Benjamin alone with Kelly. Kelly is impressed.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You’re getting a...
text: She makes the “lifting” gesture.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: +» handle on it.
text: ON THE JAGUAR COFFIN
text: Ferris’ face back on it.
scene_heading: INT. JAGUAR RESTAURANT -- NIGHT
text: Benjamin is a hero. Ellis, already pleasantly high on
text: Scotch, salutes him while playing darts. Ferris’ face has
text: returned to the dartboard too. Camaraderie grows. Benjamin
text: gains strength from his growing family. Dylan watches,
text: feeling excluded. Lily notices. She gestures to him.
text: Benjamin notices them exit.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE ROOF -- NIGHT
text: Lily and Dylan sit on the roof.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I love that you were named after
dialog: Bob Dylan.
text: She looks at him, so impressed by him. He's not used to this
dialog: kind of attention.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: EXT. Z00 -- NIGHT
text: A deep blue night. Just the lights on from the Jaguar.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT -- NIGHT
text: Benjamin and Kelly walk to her truck. Both have had a beer
text: or two. She reaches into her pocket for her keys, as they
text: crunch across the gravel parking lot. Walking silently.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I’m worried that Lily ie going to
text: hurt Dylan.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Oh no. It’s going to be the other
dialog: way around.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: How do you figure that?
dialog: She‘s a farm girl, Ben... jamin.
dialog: He’s like this exotic creature from
dialog: the city.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: My son? Exotic?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I was worried you thought he was a
dialog: little bit of a jerk.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I'm guessing that Rosie was more
dialog: like your wife, and Dylan is more
dialog: like you. That’s why you're so
dialog: hard on him, right?
text: He laughs ruefully. It’s starting to rain, and this
text: conversation has grown too personal.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I want you to know. TI think you’re
dialog: pretty. Please don’t be offended
dialog: if I don’t hit on you.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I’d be offended if you did.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Good.
dialog: 61.
dialog: big £. a
dialog: I'm a big fan of people being
dialog: exactly who they are.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: We think alike.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: We do.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: If © wanted to be kissed by you,
dialog: you wouldn’t have a choice.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (polite, pleasantly
dialog: buzzed)
dialog: I have no doubt...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: See you.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: See you.
text: They exit in opposite directions.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH -- NIGHT
text: Benjamin stands on the porch, looking out at the zoo.
scene_heading: INT. DYLAN’S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Dylan lies in bed, thinking about Lily.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Benjamin peels off his wet clothes. Throws them on top of
text: the giant pile of laundry overflowing a basket in the corner.
text: He pulls on a pair of sweats. He pulls open a dresser drawer
dialog: -- not much in there that’s clean.
text: A beat, then Benjamin finds something. The old USD
text: sweatshirt. He laughs, still a little woozy from the day and
text: the beer. He pulls it on. Then promptly goes over to the
text: bed and tosses himself across it, exhausted. He shoves his
text: hands into his pockets. And then...
text: He withdraws something. A piece of paper. He looks at it
text: carefully. He is instantly sober.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: INT. JAGUAR RESTAURANT -- MORNING
text: Rhonda the Secretary has gathered the Staff together.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: I've been checking his bills.
dialog: People, I hate to tell you this.
text: The Zoo Account is empty. He has
dialog: no more money.
text: They look at each other.
speaker_heading: RHONDA (CONT'D
dialog: He‘s going to end up selling this
dialog: place to somebody cheap, for the
dialog: land alone. I‘m warning you now.
text: Behind that front... is a front.
dialog: He’s a fraud!
scene_heading: INT. DUNCAN’S ACCOUNTING OFFICE ~- DAY
text: Benjamin is still wearing the USD sweatshirt. Duncan passes.
text: Stops.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Benjie?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Hey Bro.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: Benjamin produces a manila envelope.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You need to look at this. I found
dialog: a deposit slip. It didn’t make
dialog: sense. So I opened this --
scene_heading: INT. DONUT SHOP ~~ DAY
text: They sit across the table. Duncan holds a formerly-sealed
text: manila envelope in his hand.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: You never opened this package?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: No. I mean, no.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Bro.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I couldn’t open an envelope that
dialog: said, “open in case of death.”
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
text: (shakes his head, off
dialog: deposit slip)
dialog: You are the Michael Jordan of
dialog: Denial. The... Moses of Avoidance.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Can we not talk about it?
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: No -- talk about it. Look at this.
dialog: Do you realize what this woman did
dialog: for you? She knew exactly what
dialog: you'd do. She knew you’d make some
dialog: bad investment, try to run away,
dialog: and need a cushion. She had your
dialog: cushion ready. $44,000. She calls
dialog: it your circus money. This woman
dialog: is still looking out after you.
dialog: Well, this part is unfortunate, she
dialog: says, “Listen to your heart, not
dialog: your brother.”
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: She liked you. She just liked me
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Well. I can see why you still burn
dialog: the torch, man.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: It’s been six months. I’ve gotten
text: to the other side.
text: Duncan decides not to bust him.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: You're free. You realize that.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: You know you've got to give up the
dialog: zoo. It’s undoable, Benjie. This
dialog: money is your ticket out.
scene_heading: EXT. OTTERS GULLEY ~- DAY
text: Dylan looks at his watch. 4:02.
dialog: 64.
text: Lily shows up. He’s grown used to her visits.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Hey Dylan.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Here -—~
text: She gives him a sandwich.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I hear you may not be staying here
dialog: much longer.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Seriously?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Yeah, I mean, it’s expensive and...
dialog: I hear there’s some money stuff.
text: Dylan instinctively brightens.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: We're going home? Wow!
text: Lily wilts at his excitement over leaving. He doesn’t notice
dialog: her disappointment.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Yeah, but if you still want to be
dialog: friends, I‘11 still be your friend.
dialog: I mean, you know, there’s cars and
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Of course. Are you for real with
dialog: this?
text: She nods quietly.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: This is fantastic!
text: Her face falls further.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Hey, listen, I gotta go. Don’t
dialog: tell anybody what I heard, okay?
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Sure. Hey, take care... you don’t
dialog: have to... uh, leave so fast.
text: He has no idea he’s hurt her so much.
scene_heading: INT. CAR -- DAY
text: Benjamin returns. He passes Lily’s Message-Sign in the
text: Jaguar window. It reads: FOOD HAS NOT ARRIVED DUE TO RAIN.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -- DAY
text: Benjamin exits the car. Robin meets him immediately.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: You‘ve been summoned to the Jaguar.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I heard, the food delivery.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: No. Rhonda the Secretary is
text: leaving for a job in Mexico. She’‘s
dialog: turned everybody against you. She
dialog: gays you have no money. She says
dialog: you’re a fraud.
scene_heading: INT. JAGUAR RESTAURANT -- NIGHT
dialog: The Inquisition.
text: Everybody is here, and staring at Benjamin with yearning
text: eyes. Benjamin takes a look at his notepad, and then puts it
text: away. He decides to speak from his heart. And here he finds
dialog: his own voice... with people.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Well. I want to say that it has
dialog: been an amazing experience here.
dialog: And each one of you, I’ve come to
dialog: know in some small way -~-
text: SHOTS OF THEIR FACES
text: Preparing for the news. Arms crossed. Each one powerfully
text: invested in his every word.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT‘D)
dialog: But the financial climate being
dialog: what it is, I think no one thought
dialog: this was... I don’t know how to say
dialog: this... but...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D
dialog: I‘ve been an adventure addict my
dialog: whole life, without a big regard
dialog: for cost, basically I was just an
dialog: observer, and a writer. But this
dialog: is my first rea] adventure...
text: SHOTS OF THEIR FACES
dialog: Where's this going?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: And I just want to say that... this
dialog: has been the best one of all
dialog: because it’s personal. And thanks
dialog: to my wife Katherine, the money
dialog: came in -~ so I don’t know what
dialog: you've heard. But I am able to
dialog: say... though I don’t have a lot, I
dialog: have enough toe get us by. And if
dialog: you stick with me, I will give this
dialog: everything, but I will need
dialog: everything from you, and we are
dialog: going to re-open this zoo. It’s the
dialog: best job in the world but it will
dialog: take everything to make it work.
speaker_heading: THEIR FACES
text: Shocked. Rhonda had told them all he was going to bail out.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Well, that’s good enough for me.
text: They all clap... except for Rhonda.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: And I wish you well in Mexico,
dialog: Rhonda. Adios.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -- DAY
text: Music. The level of these zookeepers’ game has been raised,
text: if possible, even higher. There is new inspiration.
text: Ellis continues expanding Buster’s enclosure.
text: Kelly hauls meat in a bucket.
text: Robin replaces the fencing.
text: Benjamin does business in his home office. He looks at a
text: bill Robin has just delivered.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Eight hundred dollars for a sewage
dialog: drain in the bear enclosure?
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
text: Buster is a big bear, Benjamin. He
dialog: generates... PROPELS, really... an
dialog: enormous amount of waste... the
dialog: girth alone...
text: Benjamin consults his list.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: {interrupting)
dialog: Okay, so we’ve done all the First
dialog: Priorities. Let’s do the new
text: lighting in the tiger’s night
dialog: enclosure...
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD ~~ DAY
text: bylan looks at his watch. It’s 4:15. No Lily. He’s
dialog: disappointed.
scene_heading: INT. TIGER ENCLOSURE -- DAY
text: In his nighttime area, Spar dozes. The light flickers over
text: him. Benjamin works behind a protective wall, reaching over
text: and unscrewing the bulb.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I‘ll take care of this, buddy.
text: Spar looks at him, blinking like he’s listening.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You like the new straw we got you?
dialog: You know, alfalfa provides more
dialog: insulation. I know this because
dialog: ive been online, keeping up with
dialog: the --
text: (as he unscrews)
dialog: ~- wildcat insulation community
dialog: where alfalfa is a very sexy topic
dialog: my friend.
text: Spar blinks.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Alright, I have the wrong bulb
dialog: here, I'll have to go to Home Depot
dialog: and get you a new one. Eighteen
dialog: miles, baby. I‘ve got it down to
text: two songs, each way.
text: He turns, sees Kelly locking at him.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You get the part where they don’t
dialog: talk, right?
text: Benjamin smiles.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: He talks.
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT -— DAY
text: Benjamin picks out the proper small fluorescent fixture,
text: socket and bulb. Rosie is picking items up from the opposite
text: aisle. Both shopping.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Nice one, Dad. You pick good
text: bulbs.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Thanks Rosie. Anything else we
dialog: need while we’re over here in the
dialog: land of people?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Nope, I’m good.
text: She sees a group of city kids, just about her age, wandering
text: by, looking prematurely mature. Benjamin hurries her along.
speaker_heading: ROSIE (CONT’D)
dialog: How come you don’t tell stories
dialog: anymore?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Because we‘re living the story.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I wish we could teil Mom.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You don‘t think she knows?
speaker_heading: ROSIB
dialog: I know she knows...
scene_heading: INT. REGISTER ~~ DAY
text: Benjamin and Rosie lean across the counter in the same
text: fashion. The spritely CASHIER moves into shot.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: 74 dollars and 36 cents.
text: Benjamin shakes his head.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CASHIER (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t come up with the prices.
text: Benjamin nods, of course. He hands over a much-used credit
text: card to the Cashier, who looks at it curiously.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: It’s a little worn.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: No, it’s just... it says Rosemoor
dialog: Animal Park..
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: That’s the one.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: You work there?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Ido. And I also own it. Strange
dialog: but true.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (loves saying it)
dialog: We bought a zoo!
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: I love that place. We used to go
dialog: there all the time. Is it going to
dialog: open again soon? We miss that
dialog: freakin‘ zoo.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Seriously?
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: No, I’m busting your balls for fun.
dialog: Of course I’m serious.
text: Benjamin breaks into a big smile.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: We‘re close. Planning to open the
dialog: beginning of this summer.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: Well, then, we will be there.
dialog: Reserve me nine tickets, we‘1ll
dialog: bring my in-laws, maybe feed a
text: couple of ‘em to the tigers.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Well, that’s... that’s just great.
dialog: Thank you. Thank you very much.
dialog: 70.
text: He pumps the Cashier’s hand, very pleased, and moves on with
text: a bounce in his step.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: Mister, your bulbs.
text: He returns for the bag. Excitedly.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Thank you. Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. TIGER ENCLOSURE -- DAY
text: Benjamin puts up the new light fixture, in good spirits.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You want to hear something crazy?
text: We see he’s talking to... Spar.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I think we’re going to be okay,
dialog: buddy.
text: Spar seems especially lackadaisical. Benjamin looks down and
text: notices that Spar’s food sits uneaten in a corner of the
dialog: enclosure.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Come on, man, we talked about this.
dialog: You gotta eat all the food to get
dialog: all your meds.
text: He leans in closer. Spar looks at him.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’ i)
text: There is a major buzz waiting for
dialog: you inside that meat. I’m telling
dialog: you. That’s gonna jack you up.
dialog: Your neurotransmitters will be
text: sending signals to the moon and
dialog: back. You’re gonna be dating 7
dialog: year olds, man. You’re gonna have
text: housecats lined up from here to El
dialog: Cajon.
text: Spar rolls over. Bored and old. Benjamin is concerned.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Buddy. If you don’t eat the food
dialog: and don’t get the meds, it can all
dialog: go downhill fast, I'm telling you.
dialog: Next thing you know “they” will be
dialog: saying --
dialog: (imitation)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: ~-- “we don’t know what else we can
dialog: do for you” --
text: Spar makes a disinterested noise.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: We've made it this far. We're
dialog: almost there. You gotta stick with
dialog: me, okay? You gotta. We've got
text: opening day coming up.
text: He turns. Sees that Kelly is at the other side of the
text: enclosure, behind him, listening to everything. He moves
text: past her.
scene_heading: EXT. TIGER ENCLOSURE -- DAY
text: Kelly follows. Benjamin anticipates the subject -~- Spar.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: He’s okay, he’s fine!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Benjamin, that’s not what’s
dialog: happening here.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: What ‘s happening is we've actually
dialog: started to fix this place. We're
dialog: gonna ace the next inspection, and
dialog: were going to open Rosemoor on
dialog: t .
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You are hurting that animal.
dialog: She is beyond passionate. This is her world. She’s .
text: emotional. He ignores her. She rushes to catch up to him.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: You can fix this place up all you
dialog: want, but it won’t bring Katherine
dialog: back.
text: He stops.
text: She stops.
dialog: Oops. The wrong topic and the wrong time.
text: He turns. She’s still mortified.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: This is not about Katherine.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: How would I know? You never talk
dialog: about her.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: And for your information, I’ve made
dialog: my peace with losing her.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Really?
text: He pauses. She has truly, truly gone too far.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (immediately)
dialog: End of the personal stuff!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (just as immediate)
dialog: Makes me happy.
text: They exit in opposite directions.
scene_heading: INT. BENJAMIN'S KITCHEN -- LATE NIGHT
text: The kids are asleep. Finally, Benjamin sits alone at the
text: kitchen table. He’s wearing glasses. His laptop is in front
text: of him, closed. He flips it open. He opens I-Photo.
text: Scrolls down to the file marked -- K. Each move he makes
text: comes with deliberation. As if each step is a milestone.
text: He highlights the file.
text: A page of thumbnail photos comes up.
text: He stares at it. The effect is the opposite of uplifting.
text: Benjamin shuts the laptop but continues staring at the place
text: where the photos were a moment earlier.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- MORNING
text: The microwave breakfasts are ready.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: ROSIE!! TIME TO GO!!!
dialog: {nothing)
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: No clue.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Thanks. Helpful.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD -- MORNING
text: A thicket of peacocks with their fans up. They scatter at
text: the noise of Benjamin on the porch, revealing Rosie.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Rosie, come on! I depend on you to
dialog: be dependable!
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Dad, look.
text: One of the peahens is calmly perched on the ground.
speaker_heading: ROSIE (CONT’D)
text: it’s Lucy. She laid her eggs.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: Great. In the middle of the
dialog: driveway. It‘s going to get eaten
text: by a wolf or a dog in three minutes
dialog: flat. Rosie, we have to go.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: {upset)
dialog: But you won’t let anyone eat the
dialog: eggs, will you? It’s not her fault
dialog: she’s not smart.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Honey, she's very smart. she
dialog: picked you as her friend. But we_
dialog: must evacuate.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: If we don’t help her, then I’m not
dialog: going to school.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Rosie ——
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Won’t. Go.
text: Rosie crosses her arms, stands firm.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Look, Daddy has a _ lot going on
dialog: right now. Kind of a Tsunami of
dialog: «+. big-people stuff. Okay? You
dialog: want me to stop everything, buy a
dialog: fence and put it around some
dialog: zoologically insignificant peafowl?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Yes I do.
dialog: 74.
text: They regard each other.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Good idea. You're not going to
dialog: school today.
text: Dylan has been listening in.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You would never do that for me.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You are not going to school today
dialog: either, young man. We're going to
dialog: spend this day together. We’re
dialog: gonna build a fence.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (new respect)
dialog: Yes sir.
text: Dylan locks around for Lily. Nowhere in sight. That never
dialog: used to be the case.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY -- DAY
text: They build a fence around the peahen. Music.
scene_heading: EXT. TIGER ENCLOSURE ~- DAY
text: Benjamin and Kelly check out the Tiger enclosure. They are
text: brisk and professional with each other. Nothing personal,
text: all about the animals. Lily is nearby. They see that Spar
text: has climbed onto the tallest ledge overlooking the enclosure.
text: It’s a thin slab of rock, and Spar is perched on it, panting.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: He got up there and now he can’t
dialog: get down.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Don’t we have an animal ladder?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (dismissive)
dialog: We've tried luring him with food
text: but he won’t move. He’s stuck.
text: She turns, the echoes of their fight still in the air.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Just give him a second. He‘'ll be
dialog: okay.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (anguished)
dialog: He needs to come down and eat, he
dialog: needs that medication and he hasn’t
dialog: had any water all day. Plus, he’s
dialog: broiling out there. We need to get
dialog: him into his enclosure --
text: She‘s starting to unravel.
text: Benjamin walks to the gate of the enclosure. He arrives at
text: the gate. He indicates he’s going inside.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Are the other two cats inside?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Benjamin -- be serious.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: If he moves to attack me, at least
dialog: he'll be moving.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: What? I’il run. He’s slow.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: It’s not a bullfight, Benjamin.
text: Spar tries to move. He’s struggling. Robin arrives.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Guys. I think it’s time.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: He‘s ready. Let‘’s call the Vet.
dialog: You're the owner, you have to okay
dialog: it, man.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: No.
text: They look at him.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
text: It doesn’t feel right.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Benjamin. It never feels right.
text: Kelly turns suddenly, as Ellis now arrives at the enclosure.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: What haven’t we thought of?
dialog: 76.
text: Lily speaks up.
speaker_heading: LILY
text: Loud noises scare the big cats.
dialog: Maybe we can scare him into going
dialog: back in.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Hold on -—-
text: Kelly ignores him, turns to the assembled staff.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Okay, good idea. When I give you
dialog: the signal, you're all going to
dialog: make as much noise as possible.
dialog: It’s our only option. Yell,
text: scream, the more hysterical the
dialog: better. Spar’ll hate it, but maybe
dialog: he‘1l come down.
scene_heading: EXT. TIGER ENCLOSURE -—- DAY -- MINUTES LATER
text: Kelly raises her arm like a conductor. And lowers it.
text: Suddenly, they’re all YELLING, and SCREECHING at Spar. Ellis
text: is shouting angry epithets. Benjamin is reluctant, but joins
text: in. Camera moves across their angry shouting faces. They
text: truly look demented.
text: Spar is annoyed. He raises his head.
text: The yelling continues.
text: Spar is upset by the din.
text: Benjamin is yelling as loud as any of them.
text: Spar’s tail twitches, ears flattened... and a miracle
text: happens. He RISES to his feet and slowly, painfully, steps
text: down the rise towards his enclosure, tripping the door that
text: shuts behind him.
text: Instantly relieved, exhausted and red-faced, everybody stops
text: yelling. Except for one.
text: Benjamin. He cannot stop.
text: They stare at him. He stops. Embarrassed, he moves away.
scene_heading: EXT. PATH NEARBY -- DAY
text: Kelly finds Benjamin.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Ben. Jamin.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Look -- I’m feeling a real lack of
dialog: privacy right now. Like we're all
dialog: just a little bit in each other’s
dialog: pockets.
text: She ignores his personal issue.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Can’t you see his legs? Spar‘s
dialog: suffering. I can’t stand the pain.
dialog: I know him.
text: He says nothing.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT’D)
dialog: They can’t tell you. They can’t
dialog: tell you. They show you.
text: He says nothing.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT’D)
dialog: it‘s going to happen.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I thought he was getting better.
dialog: Why not let him live?
text: She keeps repeating it, like a mantra:
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: It's going to happen.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: This isn't about Spar, this is
dialog: about you. I’m more concerned
dialog: about you!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: It’s going to happen.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You're too emotionally invested in
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Of course Ii‘m invested! I've been
dialog: with him 13 years. You know how
dialog: it’s going to end. Can you see how
dialog: selfish this is? You're too smart
dialog: not to.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Why not let him live a few weeks
dialog: longer?
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I quit. I quit.
text: She storms off.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY/HOME -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Rosie sits next to Lucy, who perches on her eggs. Lucy looks
text: at Rosie. Rosie looks at Lucy. They've been doing this for
text: a long time. Kelly arrives.
dialog: Your dad around?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: He said he was going to think. He
dialog: does that sometimes.
text: Nearby, Dylan is on the porch, sketch-pad in hand, doing some
text: drawings of the nighttime sky.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You making dinner?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (bummed )
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Why don’t you let me help you?
dialog: I'll order some pizza.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: That’s okay. Dad‘ll be back. He’s
text: just having a mood.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: How long do his moods last?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (still drawing)
dialog: Couple years.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: They eat pizza together. Still no Benjamin. Rosie takes the
text: plates inside.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Do you miss Lily?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Me. No. Not too much.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I bet you put all your feelings
dialog: into your drawings.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Naw. Not really. I ess I can’t
dialog: talk to girls that weil.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: It’s pretty easy, Dylan. They’1l
dialog: tell you everything. The secret to
dialog: talking --
text: She leans forward.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT’D)
dialog: -- is listening.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Yeah, well, she doesn’t talk to me
dialog: anymore.
text: Rosie returns.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE -- LATER NIGHT
text: From outside the window, we see Kelly herding the kids
text: upstairs, to bed.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH -- LATER NIGHT
text: Kelly is alone now. She sits out on the porch. Leon at her
text: feet. We hear a car door slan.
text: Benjamin walks up the steps and sits next to her.
text: There is an oddly comfortable silence, as if they’ve spent
text: the entire day together.
text: They listen to the sounds of the Zoo.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I thought when I came out here, it
dialog: would stop.
text: She looks at him. Listening.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Back home, every place reminded me
text: of her. Filippi's on 3rd Street by
text: the water. Neal's Coffee Shop.
dialog: Balboa Park. That’s a big one.
text: He taps her arm.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: The way the air smells in May and
dialog: August, when her favorite bushes
dialog: grew flowers all over our
dialog: neighborhood. They‘re triggers,
dialog: man.
scene_heading: INT. DYLAN’S ROOM -- LATER NIGHT
text: Dylan hears the sound of voices on the porch,
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH -- LATER NIGHT
text: Benjamin continues. Kelly listens, afraid to even move. she
dialog: loves this side of him.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I was looking at Katherine’s death
dialog: certificate and I couldn’t make out
text: a word next to my name, and then I
text: was told it was “WIDOWER,” a new
dialog: word. Now it’s a whole new thing.
dialog: She was so level-headed —- she was
dialog: instrumental in every financial
text: decision. She is irreplaceable in
dialog: sO Many ways. And for a while, it
dialog: was better, it was. But the funny
dialog: thing is, it turns out she’s here
dialog: too. I go to Home Depot, or the
dialog: Target-Nine-Miles-Away, seriously,
text: I'm avoiding half the aisles.
dialog: Pasta, condiments, pastries -- she
dialog: loved Blueber: Pop-Tarts, well who
dialog: doesn’t, but this girl could eat
dialog: eight desserts and not gain a
text: pound, or bat an eye. I turn on
text: the radio, sad songs, happy songs,
dialog: any songs, they’re all her... the
dialog: other night, I picked up the list
dialog: of our favorite channel numbers,
dialog: her handwriting destroyed me. It
dialog: used to be by our bed. It's stiil
dialog: by my bed. The numbers aren't even
dialog: eal . I cannot let go.
dialog: And why should I?
text: Kelly nods. This was her revelation several nights ago. She
text: listens, and he continues.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Coffee is no good either. I met
dialog: her in a coffee shop, it’s a silly
dialog: story, but I think about it all the
dialog: time. The first thing she said. I
dialog: sort of live by it.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I don’t want to. I‘d have to use
dialog: the past tense. And by the way,
dialog: let’s not mention French food.
dialog: Anything French, her favorite.
dialog: French people, French accents,
dialog: French toast, France itself, French
dialog: Fries, French’s Mustard... our
dialog: dishes, our books, our clock, the
text: couch where she napped, the chair
dialog: where she... stopped living.
text: Kelly listens, still not moving. She’s alternately charmed
text: and horrified at her lack of a chance with this guy.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: And most of all, the kids. Rosie,
text: the little dance she does when she
dialog: eats something she likes or --
text: Behind them, a light goes on, a window opens. Neither
dialog: notices.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: -~ or Dylan, his eyes, I’ve only
dialog: seen that shade of green on one
dialog: person before. And the way he
dialog: drives me nuts, makes me crazy,
dialog: denies me, frustrates me, looking
text: back at me with her green eyes and
text: none of her lightness.
text: She listens.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: What I figured out is that when you
dialog: love someone that much, that hard,
dialog: for that long, you can‘t get away
dialog: from them no matter where you go.
dialog: And why should you?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT‘D)
dialog: Half the time I feel like I‘m
text: running across the Sahara, in lead
text: shoes, with a plastic bag over my
dialog: head. I can’t get a...
text: He jokes.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: “Handle on it.”
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You're scaring me.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I was the best version of me
dialog: because she loved me. And now,
dialog: without her, I wake up every day
dialog: and think “now I gotta fool
dialog: everybody into thinking I know what
dialog: I'm doing for another day.” And
dialog: Dylan, that little hardass -- he
dialog: sees right through me.
text: He looks at Kelly. There is power in his realization, and in
text: her listening to him.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: I cannot let qo.
dialog: Beat.
text: Kelly pats his knee. She sighs. She has no chance. He’1l
dialog: belong to Katherine forever.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: i can.
text: She smiles, bittersweetly, rises to exit. Gave it her best.
text: Upstairs, a door SLAMS.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY ~ LATER NIGHT
text: Benjamin goes to check, finds Dylan defiant in the hallway.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I get it now, okay? I get why you
dialog: ean’t stand me!
text: Benjamin tries to herd Dylan, and the “problem” back into his
text: room. He immediately dismisses the content of Dylan’s words
text: and it pisses him off more.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Okay -- alright --
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (won't budge)
dialog: No! At least now I know the real
dialog: reason you hate me. I heard you
dialog: admit it to her. Like you were
dialog: talking about corn flakes... you
dialog: hate me.
text: He catches Benjamin’s full attention.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Hate you? Come on, you’re a good
dialog: kid. You've made mistakes, we've
dialog: made mistakes, we’re working
dialog: through ‘em. I don’t blame you for
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: That is BULLSHIT. Admit it. You
dialog: wish I wasn’t here. With my
dialog: “green” eyes. I heard you!
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: You mis-heard me.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I'm sick of it here. Can't you
dialog: see?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Well, thank you for telling me that
dialog: again. I’1l pack us up and we’1lil
dialog: go roaming around some more. We’1l
dialog: be hobos together!
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Because yo wasted our money. Some
dialog: of that belonged to me.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: {raw)
dialog: I thought you liked it here! I’m
dialog: sorry. I’m sorry your friends
dialog: don’t visit you more,
dialog: myself. And I’m sorry, I thought
dialog: you were friends with Lily. I
dialog: thought, I thought, I thought. I
dialog: thought you liked me. I thought it
dialog: was a dream come true.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: It's your dream! You can’t force a
dialog: dream on somebody else!
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (just pissed)
dialog: Yes I can. Because I’m your father
dialog: and I’m the only one you’ve got.
dialog: The line of people who really care
dialog: about you in this world... ends
speaker_heading: . DYLAN
dialog: (simply)
dialog: You never ask me how I’m doing.
dialog: You never even taught me to shave.
dialog: 84.
text: Dylan slams into his room.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (so grateful for the
dialog: information)
dialog: You want to know how to shave?
dialog: I'd love to teach you to shave...
text: But Dylan has locked the door.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE -- MORNING
text: Benjamin sits at his desk, in the quiet. The place is clean
text: and orderly now and somehow feels very ty. He is still
dialog: paralyzed by last night’s events. The weight of this whole
text: endeavor shows on him.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY -- MORNING
text: Benjamin watches as Duncan‘s BMW arrives. Duncan steps out
text: of his car. He pulls off a great pair of shades. He is a
text: man with a mission.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -- DAY
text: Benjamin walks with his brother, past the tigers.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: —- so when a tiger bites you, he
dialog: actually takes your pulse, through
dialog: his --
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: And this stuff doesn’t creep you
dialog: out? Like when a bear escapes?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: {hands in pockets)
dialog: You get used to it, Duncan.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Listen, Benjie, I came out here
dialog: because —-
text: Just then there is a sudden RUSTLING. The sound of something
text: moving through brush.
text: Duncan jumps, puts his hands out, karate-style, prepared for
text: combat defense. Benjamin turns to see what’s making the
dialog: sound...
text: ++. a crinkly plastic bag, tumbling its way up the path.
text: Duncan wilts, embarrassed.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Are you kidding? That was classic.
dialog: I have some Ziploc bags at home
dialog: that could use a good ass-kicking.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN .
dialog: I never want to hear about this
dialog: again.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR FLAMINGO ENCLOSURE -- DAY
text: They walk together.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: (a pronouncement)
text: T have arrived with an idea.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Uh oh.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Listen man. I get it. I really
dialog: do. I get the whole escape thing,
dialog: I get the whole spiritual thing
dialog: like -- “we're all in cages man,” --
dialog: and I get the aesthetic. I like
dialog: the moats. I think it’s a big,
dialog: kicky thing you got into.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: But you’re insane.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: id importal L broth
dialog: And more rtantly, my brother,
dialog: you are wasting... thousands and
dialog: of dollars out here. TI
dialog: Love you, but you have a big blind
dialog: spot. You like an adventure, but
dialog: Katherine knew this about money.
dialog: Money is like air. You don’t know
dialog: how much you need it, until it’s
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: This is where I’m going to put the
dialog: giraffes, by the way. I want to go
dialog: over my five-year plan with you.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Bro. There’‘s no five-year plan.
dialog: There’s no five-week plan. You’re
dialog: getting killed out here. You're
dialog: getting maimed. Now. I’ve heard
dialog: from the previous owner’s lawyer.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: About what ——
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: They’re willing to make you an
dialog: offer to buy the place back. At
dialog: pretty close to what you paid.
dialog: This is... a miracle.
text: Benjamin nods. He’s ahead of this.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: So I come in, bankrupt the place,
dialog: and they can resell without the
text: staff and the zoo.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: I wouldn't say it was the plan
dialog: then... but it’s the plan now.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Duncan. You give the previous
dialog: owner’s lawyer a message from me.
dialog: Tell them we’re opening September
dialog: 25th. Tickets are 9 dollars
dialog: apiece. I‘ve got a sick Siberian
dialog: Tiger to feed.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Good. I‘11 tell him you'll think
dialog: about it.
scene_heading: INT. TIGER ENCLOSURE -- DAY
text: Spar, the elderly tiger, is lying on the floor, eyes shut,
text: very still. Benjamin and Kelly look on.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I‘1l call the Vet in San Diego, and
dialog: see if he can start a different
dialog: medication --
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Benjamin --
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: -- we don‘t know. There might be
dialog: something else we haven‘t tried.
dialog: 87.
text: Kelly shifts uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You know how I feel.
text: She looks at him a moment. Then exits. Benjamin looks at
text: Spar, who looks back at him. The same expression. Both take
text: a long breath. Benjamin sits down on the concrete floor.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: What do you think, huh Spar? What
dialog: do we do now, bud?
text: They look at each other. A silent communication between the
text: two. Volumes are spoken by this old Tiger whose body has let
text: him down. He's just... plain... tired. Spar talks, alright.
text: And suddenly Benjamin is aware of somebody else in the
text: enclosure. He turns, expecting Kelly.
dialog: It’s Dylan.
text: Dylan says nothing, either. He sits down on the concrete
text: floor, next to Benjamin.
text: For a moment they just sit there, leaning against the wall,
text: looking at Spar, whose body rises and falls softly with his
text: breath. This is the big cat’s final mile.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You did your best, Dad. He knows
dialog: that.
text: Benjamin nods.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: What happened with Lily?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I don’t know. I guess I didn’t
dialog: listen to something she told me, or
dialog: something. I liked her.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I like when you talk.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (truthful beat)
dialog: I never know what to say to you.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I’m the same way. Maybe we should
dialog: just tell each other what we wished
dialog: the other guy would say -~-
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: “I'm sor: I brought you out here
dialog: to the sticks.”
text: Benjamin nods. He turns to Dylan.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: “You're a great Dad.”
text: Beat. They both laugh. It’s been awhile.
text: Spar sighs contentedly. Benjamin sits quietly with his son,
text: and a very old Siberian Tiger. Three generations of men, all
text: at the crossroads.
scene_heading: EXT. TIGER ENCLOSURE ~- DAY
text: Kelly waits outside, pacing. Benjamin and Dylan walk out of
text: the tiger enclosure. “Benjamin nods to Kelly.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You're sure ~~
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Yeah.
text: She nods. Proud of him. Okay. Dylan turns to Benjamin.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Come on, Dad. Let’s go home.
text: Benjamin nods. He walks back to the house, his arm around
text: his son. Benjamin takes one last look back. A goodbye
text: gesture. He wraps his arm around his son, tighter as they
text: trudge up the hill. Dylan’s Theme.
scene_heading: INT. ROSIE‘S ROOM ~~ NIGHT
text: Benjamin puts Rosie to bed. He lies down on the bed beside
text: her for a moment. And notices something. There's room
text: beside Rosie now.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Wait a minute. What happened to —-
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I put my stuffed animals in the
dialog: closet last night.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: You did. Huh.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: They’re not real you know.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Rosie. Those animals are more real
dialog: than a lot of people I know.
text: A beat. They just lie there.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I think Mom would've really liked
dialog: it here, you know that?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Think so?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Know 50.
scene_heading: INT. DYLAN’S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Dylan is asleep. Benjamin tucks him in. His attention is
text: drawn to a piece of artwork on Dylan’s desk.
text: It’s a beautiful, finely wrought drawing of Spar. We hear a
text: noise. Click click click...
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN --~ LATE NIGHT
text: We come upon Benjamin, glasses on, sitting at his laptop,
text: tucked into the corner of the kitchen, click click clicking.
text: He‘s roaming through his file of photos of Katherine and the
dialog: family... when the four were together... one photo after
text: another... and we see flashes of the live-action seconds
text: before and after the photos were taken, mixed in with the
text: stills... Katherine’s face is always obscured in what we’ve
dialog: seen of her in our movie... but we see it all on Benjamin’s
text: face, and in his glasses. The memories, the sadness, the
text: loss, but most of all the unutterable joy of having shared a
dialog: life with this person. We hear Katherine’s Theme.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO ~-— DAY
text: He walks through the zoo, on his cell-phone, feeling assured.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Thank him, but it’s a no.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. DUNCAN'S HOME -~ DAY
text: Duncan on his porch. Writhing in pain at this conversation.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Mistake.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: We‘re going to make it, Duncan. I
dialog: know we will. It’s destiny.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Benjie, this is a misfire. Okay?
dialog: You've mortgaged everything, spent
dialog: all your cash, even Katherine’s
dialog: bail-out money. If you don’t pass
dialog: this inspection, don’t open on
dialog: time, you’‘re done. This is all in,
dialog: man. This is what they tell you
dialog: never to do. You spent all your
dialog: own money. You‘’re destroying
dialog: yourself and your family.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: If I turn back now, I’m just
text: another bulishitter.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: No, you’re a smart guy who examined
dialog: his options.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Every success has a moment like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: You’ve had nothing but moments like
dialog: this!
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: Disc full. I’m hanging up.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: When‘s the inspection?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Three days.
text: Duncan moans.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Hanging up on your moan!
dialog: And he does.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -- DAY
text: Benjamin finds Kelly. she's holding a piece of paper, sighs.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: We can’t do all of this before the
dialog: inspection. We need more help.
dialog: Lots of it.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I know. It’s undoable... until we
dialog: do it.
text: He points to the middle-distance behind him. She turns,
text: following his gaze. A small group walks up the driveway, we
text: see a couple of townies from the Jaguar, the Cashier from
text: Home Depot, and even a few Moms and Dads from Dylan’s school.
text: Volunteers coming to help.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I made some calls. It’s their zoo
dialog: too.
text: Kelly greets the group, gratefully.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Hey guys! Let’s get to work!
speaker_heading: SHOTS
text: As everyone gets to work on the zoo.
dialog: 1) Paths are being swept.
dialog: 2) Screens replaced.
text: 3) A_new drain being installed. The top is popped. Three
text: people recoil at the smell.
dialog: 4) Enclosures being cleaned.
text: 5) Ellis installs a P.A. System.
text: 6) Dylan pulis a wheelbarrow across frame.
scene_heading: INT. Z00 OFFICE -- NEXT DAY
text: Fevered activity has sprouted in all areas of the house.
text: Dylan passes. Benjamin catches up to him.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Dylan, come here. Need you to look
dialog: at this --
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Sure --
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I printed this poster out, and I
dialog: was wondering if you'd give it a
dialog: once-over, with your artist’s eye.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: {slightly confused)
dialog: Oh. Okay. Sure.
text: Benjamin unfurls the poster. Under the banner reading
dialog: Rosemoor Animal Park is...
text: lan’s drawing of Spar. Dylan looks at it for a moment,
text: then looks over at Benjamin.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Not bad, huh?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Where are you putting this?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Basically -- everywhere.
text: Dylan stares at the poster, moved. Rosie comes over, waving
text: her arms and yelling for her dad.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -- DAY
text: The Peahen’s eggs are being pecked at with tiny beaks.
text: Rosie hovers nearby.
text: They watch as the baby peacocks poke their heads out.
text: Benjamin puts his arm around Rosie, who is enthralled, as
text: they continue watching. There is noise, and Benjamin turns
dialog: to see...
text: Duncan's BMW, nosing up the driveway. Benjamin shakes his
text: head as Duncan parks and exits. He calls out to him.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Get me the trang gun! My brother
dialog: ean’t take “no” for an answer!
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Not why I’m here, Bro. I called
dialog: Ellis, and asked if you guys needed
dialog: any help.
text: Duncan points back to his car.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (CONT‘D)
dialog: I’ve got a trunkful of Haddock from
dialog: the city. 200 pounds worth. For
dialog: Bruno.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (blown away)
dialog: Buster. Are you serious?
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: No -- serious is the smell in my
dialog: car. Jesus, and I thought
dialog: McDonald's fries left a smell. I
dialog: started questioning my entire being
dialog: about twenty miles ago. Help me,
dialog: Benjie. I’m about to be sick from
dialog: the smell.
text: Benjamin, amazed, feels a wave of emotion. This explosion of
text: life. Everything inching into sharper focus. Rosie sees the
text: feelings on Benjamin's face.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Don’t turn on the tears, Daddy!
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Come on, brother, we’ve got an
dialog: inspection tomorrow.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (pronouncement )
dialog: And so we do.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: As the sun sets, we see the staff, the ople from the town,
text: Benjamin, Kelly, Duncan and the kids, all hard at work.
text: Dylan looks at his watch. 4:15.
text: Lily drives by on a cart. His hope rises. She passes
text: without looking his way.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: THE SUN, RISING OVER THE ZOO
text: Solomon the Lion roars. The sound ricochets throughout the
dialog: valley.
scene_heading: EXT. TIGER ENCLOSURE -- DAY
text: Just outside the Tiger enclosure, we see Benjamin nailing a
text: small plaque to the wall. He steps back and we see it
text: features Spar’s picture, name, and the dates of his birth
dialog: and... death.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Looks good, Buddy. You in your
dialog: prime. You would have done the
dialog: same for me.
dialog: 94.
text: Benjamin stands a moment, smiles and exits.
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT -~- THE ROSEMOOR ANIMAL PARK
text: It’s no longer the ramshackle place it once was. It’s
text: sprawling and organized, soulfully designed and clean, with
text: straight posts and tidy pathways, excited Zookeepers and
dialog: content animals.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF ZOO -- DAY
text: They raise the new sign for the front of the zoo.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY -- DAY
text: Everyone has lined up. Benjamin, Rosie, Dylan, Kelly, Robin,
text: and, paying little attention to Dylan, the never-more-
text: beautiful Lily. All smartly dressed. Ellis even wears a red
text: tie and a great suit, along with his beanie. He looks
text: strangely serene. (He’s been drinking all night.) Waiting.
text: Finally, Duncan joins them, walking over wearing the newest
text: pair of boots we've ever seen. Benjamin notices, amused.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (to Ellis)
dialog: Did I look like that --
text: Ellis nods ruefully.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Worse.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Wow. That’s humiliating.
text: Benjamin shakes his head, hands out a schedule to everyone.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. Make sure all your walkies
dialog: are off. I don’t want to hear
dialog: about any problems. I have to keep
dialog: mine on, or he’1l be suspicious,
dialog: but frankly, if you have a problem,
dialog: I don’t wanna know about it until
dialog: Walter Ferris is gone. Got it?
dialog: (they do)
dialog: Here we go, and here’s to us.
text: The USDA Van pulls up the driveway. Ferris exits with pomp
text: and circumstance, and a new blue Clipboard. Music.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Welcome back to the Rosemoor Animal
dialog: Park Adventure.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: It's an Adventure now?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: To be precise, Mr. Ferris... it
dialog: always was.
text: A moved look among the staffers. The Benjamin Era is on.
text: Ferris moves to Ellis.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Hello Ellis. How are you?
text: Ellis says nothing. Simply nods. ‘The very minimum of
text: decency and manners. They exchange a strong handshake. They
dialog: enjoy disliking each other.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: On my best behavior...
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO WALKWAY -- DAY
text: Ferris and Benjamin walk through the zoo, trailed by Dylan
text: and Rosie who watch at a distance. They pass the Monkeys.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: As you can see, most of the
dialog: enclosures have been completely re-
dialog: done. All the locks were
dialog: replaced...
text: They pass a cluster of peacocks. Rosie beams as Lucy nudges
text: her baby peacocks. Ferris stops. His stomach growls loudly.
text: Several look at each other.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Are there more now?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: One of our peahens recently hatched
dialog: a brood --
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: IT should remind you that the
text: peafowl are not edifying from a
dialog: zoological standpoint —-
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: They may just be nice-looking
dialog: pigeons, but we like ‘em. They're
dialog: staying. They’re our mascots. I
dialog: wouldn’t care if we have to move a
text: few into the house.
text: Ferris makes a judgmental note in his notepad.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: May I show you the expanded bear
dialog: enclosure?
scene_heading: EXT. LION ENCLOSURE -- DAY
text: Kelly is putting the finishing touches on the exhibit. She
text: reaches over to double-check the lock. And that’s when she
text: realizes, it’s stuck in the open position.
text: Her eyes widen. She stands in front of the enclosure.
text: Solomon is perched on his rock. He looks over, and as if
text: sensing Kelly’s panic, and widens his eyes. Kelly covers
text: with a smile.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yikes.
text: She picks up her walkie-talkie, and presses TALK.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: (overly polite)
dialog: Hi Ellis, how are you?
scene_heading: EXT. BEAR ENCLOSURE -~- DAY
text: Benjamin and Ferris are leaving the bear enclosure, as he
text: hears the walkie-talkie crackle with Kelly’s voice.
speaker_heading: KELLY (0.S.)
dialog: Ellis, I would just love it if you
dialog: could pay me a visit near Solomon’s
dialog: enclosure.
text: Ferris perks up.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Is there a problem?
text: Benjamin scrambles for an explanation.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Sounds like love to me.
dialog: (privately)
dialog: You know how it happens sometimes,
dialog: working closely together...
text: Ferris narrows his eyes. He sniffs a problem.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Let's go see Solomon’s enclosure.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: EXT. LION ENCLOSURE ~- DAY
text: Kelly is still standing in front of the enclosure, madly
text: trying to jiggle the lock to fix it.
text: A beat. Kelly hears the low rumble of a growl. She looks
text: up, into the eyes of Solomon, now aware that Kelly is
dialog: concerned.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Hello, fella.
text: Solomon looks at her, steady. Just then Ellis comes running
text: at full speed down the hill towards Kelly.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh thank God. I asked you so
dialog: politely I wasn’t sure you'd come.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Are you kidding? That’s why I
dialog: came. You’re never that nice, I
dialog: knew something was up. What’s
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: Lock’s broken. And the only thing
dialog: we can do... oh God... Is jimmy it
text: from the inside.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Alright. Okay. We’ll just get him
text: into his nighttime holding pen.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That would take at least a half-
dialog: hour, I‘d have to go get food, it
dialog: would be a whole ordeal...
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO —— DAY
text: Ferris and company are striding toward the Lion enclosure.
scene_heading: EXT. LION ENCLOSURE -~ DAY
text: Ellis and Kelly brainstorm, talking over each other.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -- DAY
text: Benjamin instinctively stops Ferris.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Do you want something to drink?
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: No. I don’t drink.
text: He starts to move. Benjamin stops him again.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Not even water?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Do you have any idea what they put
dialog: in water?
text: Ferris continues walking, suspicious of everything...
scene_heading: EXT. LION ENCLOSURE ~~ DAY
text: Kelly is leaning her whole body over the enclosure, trying to
text: draw Solomon to her. Meanwhile over at the enclosure door,
text: Ellis, holding a hammer, takes a deep breath, and hops the
dialog: fence. Kelly watches. Dear Lord. Hear my prayer.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -- DAY
text: They stride closer.
scene_heading: EXT. LION ENCLOSURE -- DAY
text: Ellis uses his hammer to try and get the lock to drop, but
text: it’s frozen. Bang! Bang! Bang! He hits his thumb.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Sheep Farts... in Aspic...
text: Cocktails... ARGGGGHI1!!
text: Solomon is now trotting his way. Ellis faces the animal.
speaker_heading: ELLIS (CONT’D)
dialog: Hey Boy. You don’t want me. I’m
text: pickled in Scotch and bitterness
dialog: and impure thoughts.
text: Solomon licks his chops.
speaker_heading: ELLIS (CONT'D)
dialog: So that’s your thing.
text: Kelly stifles a scream. Ellis turns away from the beast and
text: continues his work, fast and assured. Solomon still
text: considers the old man as appetizer. He then yawns, and trots
text: the other way. Ellis hops over the fence and SLAMS the
text: door... re-aligning the lock, which pops cleanly into place.
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -~ DAY
text: Ferris sweeps up to the front of the enclosure, Benjamin
text: closely behind. Benjamin looks at Ellis and Kelly, slightly
text: sweaty and glowing with false nonchalance. They smile
text: guiltily. Ferris examines both of them, very suspiciously
text: and then back at Benjamin.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Afternoon Solomon!
text: Solomon's tail swishes on cue, as if he were in on all of it.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH ~- DAY
text: Near the driveway, locking somber, Ferris fills out the last
text: page and signs the report. Behind Benjamin, we find Kelly,
text: Robin, Ellis, Lily, Duncan, Rosie and Dylan all waiting.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I don’t think it will be a success.
text: He rips the sheet from his clipboard, hands it to Benjamin.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (CONT’D)
dialog: But good luck.
text: Benjamin studies the paper, and then... grins. He holds it
text: up high in the air, victorious. A cheer goes up.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I want you here on opening day.
text: Ferris looks resolute.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I don’t fraternize, Mr. Mee. I‘m
dialog: sure I‘1l get many reports.
text: They continue cheering. Ferris’ stomach growls. He shakes
text: his head. He just doesn’t get this place. He exits.
speaker_heading: THE SKY
text: A gray cloud moves across the sunlit afternoon.
scene_heading: INT. JAGUAR RESTAURANT -- DAY
text: An impromptu celebration has broken out. Lily is mixing on a
text: laptop, Ellis dances, Everyone together. Duncan finds
text: Benjamin looking out the window.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: I’ve got guys plastering our
dialog: posters up every place within a 20
dialog: mile radius.
text: Benjamin nods to himself.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Also I checked and our website
dialog: isn't getting enough hits. I
dialog: called in some favors, we're linked
dialog: to every other zoo-or—animal-site
text: within a hundred-and-fifty miles.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I wish Katherine were here. You
dialog: know? To see this.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: I wish she were here to do this.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: She was the doer. I was the
dialog: dreamer.
text: Duncan nods thoughtfully, a drink in hand. Truer words.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: I‘m going to say it one more time.
dialog: I like the animals... but I love
dialog: the humans.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Dunc. What if they don’t come?
dialog: What if this has all been for no
dialog: reason?
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: What, did somebody just come in and
dialog: hit you with the “pussy” stick?
dialog: Gimme a break...you came this far.
dialog: (a pronouncement)
dialog: Repeal your pussification this
dialog: instant!
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (enjoying Duncan)
dialog: I my pussification!
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: They will be here. Come on, you’ve
dialog: worked so hard. The place is
dialog: great.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: It is, great, isn’t it?
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: When you do something for the right
dialog: reasons, nothing can stop you.
text: We hear a thundercrack.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -~ DAY
text: Rain pounds the zoo, drenching the place.
scene_heading: EXT. WALKWAY -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Dylan is walking up the driveway with the mail. He pauses,
text: drawing on an envelope. He passes the Jaguar, and only
text: because he pauses to adjust his wet sock inside his shoe,
dialog: does he see... :
scene_heading: LILY’S MESSAGE WINDOW
text: And it reads: IF YOU LOVE ME, LET ME KNOW.
scene_heading: PUSH IN ON DYLAN
text: Whose heart is beating through his chest. He looks around.
text: Suddenly, the whole place... everything... feels exactly like
dialog: where he belongs.
dialog: Here.
scene_heading: INT. LILY'S ROOM -~ NIGHT
text: Dylan races to her window. She sees him and SCREAMS, and
text: then stifles it.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Hey.
text: She pulls up her window.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Am I_ just nuts to say that I missed
dialog: you like crazy a lot? A lot.
text: She shakes her head, no. ‘Two young romantics stare at each
text: other. One dry, and one in the rain. Lily stifles tears.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Plus -- I wasn’t named after Bob
dialog: Dylan. I was named after a dog
dialog: named Dylan.
dialog: 102.
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Sorry about the rain.
text: He spreads his arms. His voice cracks with adolescence, but
dialog: he gets through it just fine:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I love it. I loved your sign. I
dialog: love you.
speaker_heading: ON TELEVISION
text: A drenched regional anchor wears a yellow raincoat.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
dialog: ~~ the precipitation tonight is
dialog: just a hint of what's coming. This
dialog: summer, Betsy, has been the wettest
dialog: summer in 100 years.
scene_heading: INT. BENJAMIN MEE‘S HOME -- NIGHT
text: The sky outside is dark. Benjamin stands alone in his living
text: room, a silhouette watching the Weather Channel.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUTS
dialog: 1) Rain pounds the zoo.
text: 2) Zoo posters on telephone poles and kiosks, drenched.
text: 3) _The two remaining tigers hide from the downpour under the
text: enclosure overhang.
text: 4 Benjamin, Rosie and Dylan... even Leon look out the
text: window at the angry sky. No end in sight.
text: 5) Ronnie the unfortunate-looking tapir shivers in the rain.
scene_heading: EXT. MEE HOUSE ROOF -~ RAINY NIGHT —- LATER
text: Lily and Dylan are on the roof, under a window awning, just
text: inside the rain. Just the quiet sound of night, only rain,
text: and the sound of not~so-distant animals.
text: They know they should be kissing. It’s awkward.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I'd kiss you but it would be such a
dialog: cliché.
text: Lily smiles contentedly.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE -— NIGHT
text: Benjamin sits in his office, going over paperwork. Ellis at
text: the door.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: You gave it everything. I just
dialog: wanted you to know that.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Thanks Ellis.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Sorry about the rain.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Revenue comes from the summer. We
dialog: picked the wrong time to open.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: You're a success aS a person,
dialog: Benjamin. Isn’t that the whole
dialog: ballgame? Wasn’t that the whole
dialog: purpose? You reached down deep,
dialog: where it’s ugly and beautiful and
dialog: you don’t always win.
text: Benjamin nods thanks.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I appreciate you not attacking or
dialog: killing Walter Ferris.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: It has not been easy. I really,
dialog: really dislike him. He shut down
dialog: this zoo, and stole 500 dollars
dialog: from me in the 1980's. I hate him,
dialog: you know ~-
text: Benjamin laughs to himself. It’s known.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: fry to keep a lid on it Ellis.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: -~ but I have a soft spot for you.
dialog: And I know you're just passing
dialog: through, but you’re a good man to
dialog: your family. You made that little
dialog: giri of yours happy.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: INT. BENJAMIN'S BEDROOM -- MORNING
text: Benjamin's alarm clock goes off. He sits up. He doesn’t
text: hear anything. He gets out of bed and walks to the window
speaker_heading: aB.ue
scene_heading: INT. DYLAN’S ROOM -- MORNING
text: Dylan flies out of bed. He runs over to the window and pulls
text: over his curtains and sees...
text: It's a gorgeous sunny day. He lets out a happy yell.
scene_heading: EXT. BENJAMIN'S HOME -- DAY
text: A view of the whole house and the zoo. The sky is more than
text: clear. It’s that particular crystal clear blue that comes
text: after a heavy rain. We see Benjamin in the window. Smiling.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE ~~ DAY
text: Benjamin is finishing getting dressed when Rosie looks in.
text: She’s picked out a special dress for the occasion. Her hair
text: is in two utterly perfect braided pigtails.
text: Benjamin looks at her, confused, How did that happen? The
text: door swings open to reveal Kelly, standing beside her.
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: French braids. Big in the 90’s.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Nice... very nice...
text: He admires the two of them.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: They're going to be here today,
text: Benjamin. I know it. 10 ‘o clock,
dialog: this place will be packed.
text: He gives them a look -- it’s up to fate now.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -- DAY -- LATER
text: Everyone has gathered at the entrance to the zoo. Benjamin
text: cuts the tape across the entrance to cheers. He clears his
dialog: throat.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Well, I tried to write a speech.
dialog: If Katherine were here, she would
dialog: have written something clever and
dialog: witty for me and I would have read
dialog: it and taken full credit.
text: A beat. He looks at their faces.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT‘D)
dialog: It doesn't matter how the adventure
dialog: ends, that’s not what an adventure
dialog: is about. So I’m going to declare
dialog: this an adventure to remember.
dialog: Worth every penny, and anything
dialog: that happens from here is a bonus.
text: They applaud.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: So Katherine, I will take full
dialog: eredit. And I will quote her and
dialog: it was the first thing she said to
dialog: me -—
scene_heading: ON BENJAMIN
text: Quick as a heart~attack, and almost as powerful... he’s hit
text: by a completely unexpected freight train of emotion. It‘s
text: everything he’s been holding back. He finds he cannot
text: finish. He lowers his head, and looks up, speechless.
text: Ellis bails him out.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Let's see who's here!
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -- DAY
text: They walk tentatively down the pathway to the front of the
text: zoo. When they get there, what they find...
dialog: «+. 18 no one.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (off watch)
dialog: One minute after the last time you
text: asked. 9:59.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: They should be here. There should
dialog: be a line. Right here.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Patience, my son.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: No. He's right. They should be
dialog: here.
text: Benjamin takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Maybe it’1l take awhile. Maybe
dialog: this is how it's supposed to be.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I don’t believe that. I don’t.
dialog: Something's wrong.
text: And Dylan starts running down the drive.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Dylan! Come back!
text: He doesn’t. Benjamin follows.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I know something's wrong.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Dylan --
text: Dylan disappears around the corner, to the side driveway.
text: Benjamin follows, and sees...
text: lan standing in front of a giant tree, almost four feet
text: high, lying across the driveway.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Must have gotten knocked over in
dialog: the storm -—-
text: And now Dylan has his Dad‘s fervor too.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: -- let‘s fix it.
text: They work together, as everyone now catches up to them.
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: Rob get the chainsaw in the garage.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I‘1l be back in a minute.
text: Rob runs back to get the saw.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: They couldn‘t have gotten through
dialog: even if they were here -—-
text: Benjamin throws a leg over the downed trunk, and climbs up on
text: it. When he straightens, he can see across the hillside
text: below. We watch his face. Shocked. Barely able to process
text: what he sees.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Benjamin, what's wrong?
text: She runs over and scrambles up onto the leg beside him.
text: Everyone does the same, Rosie requiring a boost from Lily.
text: Kelly stands beside Benjamin. We see what he’s looking at...
scene_heading: POV BENJAMIN -— THE ROAD IN
text: A long line of cars, waiting patiently for the zoo. Cars
text: backed up a city block long. Music begins now, the Zoo
text: Theme, at first tentatively.
text: People are now starting to leave their cars parked by the
text: side of the road, and walk up the path to get there.
text: They’ve brought strollers. And kites. And coolers. And
text: friends. And family. Music adds instruments... as the
text: frames fi11 with the color of the dress, the laughter, and
dialog: the energy of these happy visitors.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO -- DAY
text: People pour into the park. From every direction now. Down
text: the hillsides, around the bend. With strollers. Backpacks.
dialog: Kites.
text: The ANIMALS can feel the excitement of the crowd.
text: Kelly leads a tour of the big cats, who bask in the
dialog: attention...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: They know we’re all here today.
dialog: They’re showing off!
text: NEAR THE PEACOCKS
text: Rosie shows off her brood. Music continues, adding
dialog: instruments.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: ».. this is Lucy and Wesley and
text: Peaches, Jackpot, and Coco, and
dialog: these are the babies....
text: The group of Visitors listen, riveted.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: ROSIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Peafowl are very resilient animals.
dialog: Some have escaped from captivity
dialog: and have established wild
dialog: communities. However, due to the
dialog: fact that there are so many
dialog: peafowl, some people consider them
dialog: to be a zoologically insignificant
dialog: animal.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: ROSIE (CONT’D)
dialog: We ignore those people.
speaker_heading: AERIAL SHOT
text: The Zoo is alive.
speaker_heading: ON ROB
text: Who stands in his work boots and directs traffic.
speaker_heading: ON KELLY
text: Standing in the human traffic, tears in her eyes. It’s so
text: real to her, and she feels it so deeply. Music continues.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSTER'S ENCLOSURE ——- DAY
text: Buster enjoys his expanded world, delighting the “bear”
dialog: people. (Note: We will notice in this sequence, that many
text: people are drawn to the animals they most resemble.)
scene_heading: ON OUR ZOOKEEPERS
text: People who don’t normally hug, hugging now.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: Is congratulated by strangers, every few steps.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: Well-done.
text: The simplicity of the compliment moves him.
speaker_heading: ON DYLAN
text: He gives Lily a sandwich. She opens it. Inside is a
text: drawing. It’s the Underworld drawing, and in the corner, a
text: sun. She laughs. He shrugs, still not sold on the sun, but
text: happy she’s happy. Guess that’s a relationship.
text: In the distance we hear...
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: MACAW PARROT (0.S.)
dialog: “Can’t get a handle on it. Can’t
dialog: get a handie on it.”
speaker_heading: THE ZOO
text: Alive with the sound of voice and laughter.
speaker_heading: P.A. SYSTEM
dialog: {Ellis’ voice)
dialog: Good afternoon. We invite you to
dialog: visit our Jaguar Restaurant and
dialog: Gift Shop complete with a Coffin
dialog: and Dartboard for the kids.
text: Several turn and look at the PA System quizzically.
scene_heading: BENJAMIN AND DYLAN
text: Stand for a picture by Rosie. Arms around each other. They
text: look... in their own still-finding—their-way manner...
dialog: comfortable together.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: This one’s for Spar!
dialog: Snap. With joy:
speaker_heading: ROSIE (CONT‘D)
dialog: And mama! !
dialog: Snap.
scene_heading: ON KELLY AND LILY
text: Who regard Benjamin and Dylan, the two men in their lives,
text: with careful evaluation. Kelly is still a Pretty Tomboy,
text: Lily looks completely different in make-up and older-girl
dialog: clothes.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: If you had to choose between people
dialog: er animals. Quick. How would you
dialog: choose?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (wistful)
dialog: Animals.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: (lustful)
dialog: People.
scene_heading: ON PARROT ENCLOSURE
text: Now out front, by the entrance. He’s very loud.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: MACAW PARROT
dialog: Can’t get a handle on it.
dialog: Can‘t get a handle on it...
scene_heading: ON WALTER FERRIS
text: He shows up with his two kids, looking sli pty
text: uncomfortable. Rosie takes him by the han ata brings him
text: over to the peacocks.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
text: Approaches him.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: So are we all good?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: We're good. You have all the
dialog: accreditations. It’s filed with
dialog: the state.
text: Ellis immediately launches into him, holding him in a
text: headlock.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Where is my money??? Where is the
dialog: money??
text: It's broken up.
scene_heading: EXT. TIGER ENCLOSURE -- DAY
text: Benjamin stands at the highest int in the zoo, from which
text: he can survey as much as possible. Can‘t believe what he's
text: seeing. Duncan joins him. He makes a courtly gesture, in
text: their wheelhouse of unspoken communication -- actual
dialog: did it. Benjamin repeats the gesture -- with your help.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (can you believe it?)
dialog: We bought a zoo.
text: They laugh at the sheer beautiful absurdity. Music.
speaker_heading: THE ZOO
text: Pull back to reveal the whole place, bustling under the blue
dialog: sky.
text: ON THE KITES
text: Flying in the air. One red one standing out. Katherine’s
dialog: Theme.
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: ON BENJAMIN
text: He watches that single red kite.
speaker_heading: ON KELLY
text: Watching him. How many years will it take for him to get
text: over this woman? She calculates in her mind. Three? Five?
dialog: Damn it!
text: She smiles to herself and returns to the animals.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN DIEGO/CITY STREET -- DAY
text: A perfect Summer day in the city. Rosie and Dylan walk down
text: the street with Benjamin. We’re back in Benjamin's old
text: neighborhood. He leads them around a corner, going somewhere
text: specific at a clip. He arrives at...
scene_heading: EXT. NEAL’S COFFEE SHOP -- DAY
text: Benjamin leads them into the Coffee Shop.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: She was sitting right there.
text: ON THE BOOTH
text: Sunlight falls on it. This booth has soul and warmth. It
dialog: always will.
scene_heading: ON BENJAMIN
text: Who turns to Rosie and Dylan.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: This is the very moment you guys
dialog: both became a possibility...
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I leve that you‘re telling us
dialog: stories again.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: This is the story before the
dialog: story... this is where the
dialog: adventure... and you both... begin.
dialog: This is where I met Katherine.
dialog: That very booth. I walked up to
dialog: her, on ineatinct, and I’d never
dialog: done this before...
dialog: And we see something miraculous...
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOOTH ~- DAY -- 17 YEARS EARLIER
text: KATHERINE, a dark-haired soulful beauty, is looking the other
text: way. It’s the same memory we glimpsed earlier, now come to
text: rich and nourishing life.
text: BENJAMIN, seventeen years ago, sweeps up to her table with a
dialog: nobility he never knew he had.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: Why would an amazing person like
dialog: you talk to a stranger like me?
text: Katherine turns. It’s our first real look at her. And in
text: her face, we can see a whole lot of Dylan. And all the
text: sparkle and manner of Rosie.
scene_heading: ON BENJAMIN, ROSIE AND DYLAN —~ TODAY
text: A Threesome just looking wondrously at that booth.
scene_heading: PUSH IN ON KATHERINE
text: Who says the perfect thing, changing all their lives forever.
dialog: It applied then, and it has applied in every Mee Family
text: adventure to follow. With simple elegance, she says:
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Why not?
text: We hold on her for a moment, and then...
text: cUT TO BLACK
speaker_heading: TITLES:
text: The Dartmoor Zoo in England, on which this story is based, is
text: an acclaimed zoo whose methods are studied Worldwide. The
text: Park is open to faithful followers year-round. Benjamin Mee
text: and his two kids still live on the grounds. Next year, they
dialog: plan to add Giraffes.
scene_heading: CREDITS ~- MUSIC
text: The Animale, with full~screen callbacks, share the credits
dialog: with the Actors.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
